RUSSIAN FOLK-TALES.* At a fitting season, when one of onr Princes van about to bring home as hie bride a Russian Grand DuchesB, Mr. Ralston has ?tided smther to the works which have won him fame as an accomplished explorer in tbe fi-ld of Sclavonic folklore, and prod need tbiB volume, which will do more to show ub what the Russian people really are in tbeir internal life than 20 volamea of travellers' notes jotted down u they rash throngh that vaat Empiie j in a railway train. In these Shazkas, which ?newer to the Volksmaerchen of the Germans, and the Folk-Eventyr or the Norwegians, and j whioh are commonly rendered in English as ' ' Popular Tales,' the reader will find, ac- j cording to Mr. Ralston, ? genuine talent for narrative, which distinguishes the Rnssian peasant Irora some of the more distant cousins We find also that tbe language in which tbey are told is simple and quaint, the t umour natural and unobtrusive, and the description1! full of dramatic positions which give full Bcope to that taste for acting bo widely spread in Rossis, and which affords an oppurtnnity for the display of the reciter's ' mimetic talent.' It was not to be ezpeoted that in a land so tongae-tied as Holy Rossis still is, mnch information should be gathered from these stories as to politics or religion, or those e-cial inequalities whioh still prevail through out that Umpire ; but the view which we obtain from them of the usual aspect of a Rnssian village, and tbe ordinary behaviour of its inhabitants, is all the mure taking from the faot that in tbem the peasants live apart with their own customs and tf&ditionB; and beliefs, nndistnrl-ed either by that presence or patronage of the great which so often inter feres in other countries to make rustic life unreal, and rob it of its own charms, without ?applying the luss with any fresh attractions in return. In these Shazkas we discern tbe Russian village with its single street, and wooden, barn-like buis, 'so different, ' says Mr. Ralston, ' from the ideal English cottage, with its windows set deep in ivy, and its porch smiling witb roses.' ' We see,' be adds, ' the wide sweep of the level com field, the gloom of tbe interminable forest, and the gleam of the slowly winding river.' The landscape is a slongh of despond when the enow melts in spring, a sea of green in early summer, a bl -z ? of gold at. harvest time, and in the winter a vast sheet of all but untrodden snow. Io such a village, and with such sur roundings, the vast maBB of the Russian Monjics live out their days devoted to their religion, but, on the whole, if we may judge from these Tales, not particularly respecting their ' popes ' or inferior clergy. The monotony of existence is enlivened by songa snd choral dances iu the short summer nights, by eocial gatherings in wiuter, w hen theBe Tales are told round tbe stove which plays bo important a part both in their real life and in their legends There in each cottage we behold the ' corner of honour ' in which ' the holy pictures' of the saints are plaoed ; we see, too, the gates of the house bo often mentioned, and the cellar beneath it which so often affords a receptacle or a refuge in these stories Out of doors, on working days, we see tbe peasants driving off in tbeir long lines of carts at early dawn to la1 onr in the field till day is done and tbey come creaking home at eve. Sometimes we accompany them to chnrch on Sundays and holy days, or to a wedding or a funeral. On the whole, we should say, from the evidence afforded by fh»M Tola. «!..» «.;«!. .11 l:_ ? ? j \--™- »'u -u uu iu|wrnu«oD ana his undoubted fonduess for the bottle, the life of tbe Rnssian Monjic is as happy as is led by any of the roral populations of Europe, who, ss a rule, have lost those traditional sources of amusement which so abound in Russia, and bave never replaced them by any other recreation higher than tlie conversation and merriment afforded at the tap of the village ale-honse. But though all this. and much more infor mation as to the everyday life of the Rnssian people may be fonud in these Tales, tbe reader would be mnch mistaken if he supposed this to bo all that Mr. Ralston's book contains. Besides the special attention which he has pud to Russian Folklore, the author is an aoeomplished and learned inquirer into the origin snd literature of popular Tales in general, and in this respect the volume may hold its own with sny that biva pre ceded it. It is a freBh furrow driven across the vast field of oral tradition. The stories whiob Mr. Ralston has now translated are to be found in the originals in the collections of Afanasief, Khndyakof, Erienvein, and Ohudinsky, bnt few accounts, ?nd no translations, of them have hitherto been published out of Russia itself, and, ex* oeptin the erndite, bnt, in onr opinion, very fancif-il Snd unreal, work on Z oological My thology published by Professor Angelo de Onbeniatis, little use had been male of them ?broad for the purposes of comparative my thology till Mr Ralston, already well-known by bis translations of KrilofTs Russian Fables and the 8ongs of the Russian People, turned bis attention to die subject. As is well known, the existence of the greater part of tbe stones -current among the various Baro pean peoples is accounted for on two different hypotheses— tbe one, as is asserted by Dr Z/asent, that most of tbem were common, in genn at least, to tbe Ary«n tribes before their migration west, and 'that therefore -these traditions an as coach a portion of the M union inheritance of our ancestors as their kqgaage unquestionably is;' the other re gatdiag feaat a gnat part of than as ~nu£g& importations, Oiientu Cannes, origin ally introduced Into Barope through a series of translations. According to the first theory, ' theee Msorchen,' ss Max Muller says, ^ ?Russian Aft-Uta, b* W. K. S. Balaton. M.A., rf tfce JBtttUTkmZa*, 4c. s X&r;, Waterisngaaoa. ? 'which unrsea still tell in almost the earn* ' w»rds in tbe Tbnriugian Forest aaid In Nor wegian villages, aud to whioh crowds of children listen nnder tbe pepul trees of Iodia,' are tbe cummon heirloom of the lotto Enrop»ao raoe ; accordiog to the other, the majority of E ropean popalar tales are merely naturalized aliens. As to the troth of either of tliest theories, Mr Ralston appears to re serve his opinion for the preteut and pro ceeds in this vulume to deal with the RoBsian f -lk-tale as be finds it, regarding rattier its differences from stories of tbe same class current among ourselves or in other conntriee with which we are more familiar than with Russia, than the nndoubted resemblances and repetitions which are common to them all. For ourselves, as to these confl cting theories, all that we have at present to say is that as all the languiges of Europe, with very insig nificant exceptions, undoubtedly come fr«m the Bast, and aa tbe germs and the Very stories now found in tlie VA est can be proved to have existed from time immemorial in India, it is ptob- blc that with tbe langusges came the stories in the first instance. That other stories weri- afterwards introduced by trade or travellers iB no contradiction, bnt ? aiher a rorro' oration of tbis original theory; the two, in fact, do not conflict ; and the one is not a contradiction, but a supplement to the other. It is probable also that closer inqnirj will prove that the stories introd ced by the seoond method will be found to be stbries, or bits of stories, already reduced to writing in the East, and not at all trne popnlar tales, the essence of which is in ail times and in all lands that tbey should be caught alive, aB it were, out of the mouths of the people, snd not dead and at second hand aB they are when reduced to narratives in written books. The storieB, for instance in tbe collection of tales and instances, known as the Calttmnia Nover calis, or the Stepdame's Haired, aa well as by other names throughout the middle ages, are of quite another stsmpand lin* than those of true popnlar tales. As we read tbem we bear the pen travelling over the paper, and not the voice of tlie beMajie reciting tbem to her grand- ohildren over tbe embers of the cottage fire. Bnt to return to these Ras'ian stories. As is well known, tbe popalar tales of esch race have a character of (h:ir o»n. The Italian are more stately, the French more polished, the Norwegian more homely and hearty, the Swedish mure stilted. Of these R ;esiao Skazkas we should say, after a perusal of this volume,, that they are more wild and bloodthirsty and horrible. In tbe Norwegian stories, for instance, and, in fact, in all that belongs to tbe Teutonic or Gothic races, man always remains master of the position in that endleBs struggle which they display between mother- wit and brute force. From the very j first we feel sure that Bouts will beat the Troll out of the field, jnst as Tom Thumb 16 certain to win in his conflict with the hage aud stopid Ogre. This feeling of codbc'o'Is superiority against all odds is but natural io races so ca patile of holding tbeir own as the Teutonic race have always proved themselves to be. Their view of existence, with all its troubles, is cheerful and bright; hnmonr, and not mel ancholy is (he characteristic of their stories. Io these RaBsian stories, with all the dexterity and cleverness of tbe hero, an underlying feel ing of gloomy melancholy can be traced witb a brooding dread of the fell power of the BopernRtural powers. All the giants and orgres of Scsndin -via and tbe West, and all their « others and sisters and grandmothers, can avail nothing, with all their enemity to man, to hurt one hair of the poor child of man who for the moment has fallen iuto their power. If they are going to chop off his head, he has a trick by which their own heads fall on tbe block ; if tbey are going to boil him into broth, he finds a way to boil one of the giant's family instead. The rule is invariably this, and as soon as ever tbe hero of a story comes into the giant's bouse we know it is all over with the giant and his kith and kin. Very different is the power attributed iu these Russian stories to the horrible orgresB called the Boba Ya^a, a tall, gaont hag who lives io a mansion which reminds one of Dahomey and Asbantee palaces, all fenced in by dead men's bones, and lighted at night by skolls, out of whioh corpse-oandles glare. This monster not only threatens to eat men up, bot actually eats tbem. Her power, in fact, appears equal to her wool, and if men escape from her clutches, it is but by accident. We account for ber prominence in these stories, and for the melancholy subjection in which mon seem to stand to her, by the history of the race itself, and by tbe tyranny which it suffered in bygone ages from bloodthirsty Tartars and other Taranian races, who for lone periods of time were not subdued, like the Lappish and Finnish races by tbe Goths Teotons, bot lorded it over tha Scalvonic peoples as - sanguinary invaders and con querors. Still more horrible, and affording a farther example of the melancholy of the race, are the revolting tales of vampireB, men eaters of men, of which Beveral are told in thiB volume. The belief that the spirits of witches, and wizards, however wicked they may have been daring their lives, could after death resume their shapes, leave their graves, and wander about, is very different from that whicb fancied that ghosts, or what are called disembodied spirits, could walk and haunt houses snd persons after death. The Sclavonic vampire is quite another conception 1 whether it be the spirit of the dead tbat returna or reoccnpy the corpse or s maligniot demon that possesses it, the vampire is an embodied spirit, aud ap pears both willing and able to do tenfold the harm that the same body did while alive. There is, indeed, a slight resemblance to snch a belief in some of the Icelandic Ghost Stories, and Glam In Urettir is for a northern ghost terribly strong, bot even he is no snch blood thirsty malignant being ss the vsmpire in tbe f.llowing story: — 'Thb Two Cobpskb. ' A soldier bad obtained leave to go boms on furlough —to pray to the Holy Images, and to bow down before his parents. And as he was going bif way at a time when the sun had long set and dl was diHf around, it chansed that be had to pass by a graveyard. Jost then be beard that aome one waa running aft*r him and cryiog — ' * 8top ; yon can't escape.' ** He looked back, and titers was a corpse running and gashing its teeth. Tbe aoldier sprang on one tide with all bis might to get away from it, caught eight of a little chapel, and bolted straight into it. ' Tbere was not a soul in tbe chapel bat stretched oat on a table theie lay another corpse, with taper* burning in front of it. Tbe soldier hid himself io a corner, and re mained there baidiy knowing whether be wss alive or dead' bnt waiting to Me wbat woald hsgpsn. Preeeatly ap Ysn tbe first eorpae— tbe one that had chased tbe aoldier, and dashed into the chapel. Theh upon tbe one that wss lying on fbe table jumped op aud cried to it:— ' ' What has th -o c use for ?' ' ' I've chased a aoldier in here, so I'm going to est him.' ' ' Come now, brother, he's rua into my house ; I Bball eat him mvaelf.* ?'No, I shall.' ' ' No, I shall.' ' Aud they eet to work fighting till the dust flew like anything. They'd hsve gone on fighting ever so mnch longer only tbe cocks began t ocrow. Then both the corpses fell lifeless to the ground, and the soldier went on bis way homeward in peace saying, ' 'jlory be to the°, O Lird. I am saved from the wisards' ' It is only among Sclavonic races, says Mr. Saleton 'Sclavonic by tongoe as well as descent, that the geaoine vampire tales flourish most luxuriantly ' If tbey are found among tbe Albanian and the modern Greeks, it is only because those races are in reality ntuch more Sclavonic than Greek In the Rnssian Empire tbe belief in vampires mostly prevails in White Russia, bnt the ghastly bloodsucker, tbe npir, whoBe name has become naturalized iu so many lands under f.rms which resemllx our vampire,' disturbs the peasant mind in many other parts of the Empires One tribe says that when a vampire, who iu his life, we are sorry to say, may have been a most re spectable member of society, wakes from his sleep in tbe grave and feels a thirst for blood he begins t-- gnaw hie hands and feet, snd as he guawp, one after another, first hie relations and then his neighbours, sicken and die. When, like s bear, he haB eaten up his own store of flesh he sometimes rises at midnight and kills cattle, or. worse still, climbs a bellry and sounds tbe bell. All wi o hear the ill omened tones will soon die. But generally he sucks the blood of the sleepers io the ap proved old fashion ; next morning they will be found dead with a very small wound on the left Bide of tbe breast, exaotly over the heart. The following iB a very uncanny story of one of these fallows. One uUbt a peasmt meets a man who leads him to a house in whicb lie two sleepers — an old ma'i and a voutli. Tbe stranger takes a pail, places it near the yonth, and strikes him on the back. Immediately the t~sck opens and forth flows rosy blood. Tbe stranger fills the pail full and drinks it dry. Then he fills another pail with blood from the old man, slakes his brats! thirst, and says to the peasant, It begins to grow light ; let us go back to my dwelling,' which proved, of conrse, to be an open grave. We have dwelt on these wild and horrible superstitions ratlier than on the many humor ous ones which are to be found in this volume because they illustrate in oor opinion better than any others the peculiarly wild and melan coly feeling of the race. Before these terrible powers and even against man himself when repossessed either by his own wicked spirit or a malignant fiend the natural man seems powerles in these Russian .stories. Very seldom is he able to cope with them by his own mother wit. By the aid of other super natural powers, and especially if he is devout, and a faithful worshipper of the Saints, of ?-hich the Russian calendar is foil, he may defeat BaV-a Yagae and Vampires, but in onr opinion that self-reliance whioh expands at once both the history and the legends of the j Teutonic races is seldom brought into play in Sclavonic stories. Both raceB in one part of their religious beliefs felt weighed down by fate and destiuy. The Teuton fought against fate and conqured it, the Sclave succumbed to it for geuerations with scarcely a struggle. No wonder then that tbe legends nf tbe one are bright and hopeful, and of the other melan choly and despondent. In conclusion, let ns say tbat even witb all its wildness this volume « ill be found very pleasant reading. These stories oontain more surprises for the reader than most popular tales, were the end can tie certainly anticipated, aB the hero aud heroine are snre to bave it all their own way. As a general role, virtne is rewarded and vice punished in the Russian Skazkas, but the process is not so uniform, and therefore is lees monotonous than in some other popular tales. We believe the tranla tion to be excellent and faithful, and certainly Mr. Ralston has made tbe original Russian run into tbe purest mother English. £n ad dition, he has illnstiatrd his originals by com parisons with other well-known collections, and from this laborious and scientific point of view has left nothing undone that good 'cboUrrthip coold desire. — Times 