is DUKE OF EDINBURGtH S MARRIAGE. Tire following. is from. tbo Sydney, ' Mornlng,llerald's. summary of Euglish r. news brought by the Australasian and. it American mail steamer Tar:ar ; n, St Petersburg,. January., 23.-The a marriage ceremony of.the Duke of Edin ' burgh, anod the - Princess. Maria com. mentced at nouo . to-day, .inthe presence ,r of a. vast assembliage. of. guests,, in the re \Vinter.Patlace and.the various.galleri es s, The ladies- were sumptuously attired; P the prevailing.costumes,.particularly of. y Russia laldies, were. velvet aud.: die. m nonds. The menawere in uniform, with , the exception of.tbe American Diploma h tists. After. assembling, a. procession a was. formed with.the Grand Equerries,. I- Chamberlains, and other. olficors of the k Court leading,,then came the Emperor ' and<d Empress. Imperial, Prince and, it Princess of Wales, the Princess Impeiial e of'Germany and Denmark,.and Prince w Arthur. Then came thebiide and bride. w 'groom, who.1wore the Russian navali te uniform. The bride was splendidly aipa:rrelled in. a long, crimson velvet :hI mautle trimmed. with.crmine, and sao r, wore a diamond coronet., Her train, Ie was borne by four pages. Then y followed. mu, immense. procession Sof: the Imperial family,. priests, me friends, princes, and Court oflicials, 'iTe Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform, of Cuirasesers, the Prince of \Vales the scarlet British umofolon, the 'russian Prince. Imperial th.at of a. ,Prousc-i C.,lonel.. All .were decorated. with the lRuosian Order of St.. Andrew. 'lThe Princess ol \Vales was dressed in S dark cri.uaon velvet, with diamond: ao coronet and collar, and pearl necklace.. it The Imnperial German. Princess was ,t dessed in, the samee style.. The Russian. P l'rincess's dress was blue velvet and gold. h Prince Arthur acted asme lo .the grooms nmen. All wore silver wedding favours. t 'lhe procession,.. upon. reaching the Russian Church, was received by the 31e ta ropultan Head of the Russian Church ot. s thei. loly Synod,. bearing crosses and f sacredvesels with holy water, The Em. peror conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle ol the church, assuming his - atation, with the Emapress.irmediaetely t behind. Around the bridegroom. stood . Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukep... r the wedditng rings,, borne, on. goldeno salverr, were deposited on. the altar temr , porarit, unlit. placed on.the.finders of the t bride and brideUoroom.. The magnificent chapel.was illuminated with, innunmerable wax .candles ; .the floor was covered with, velvet, criason,. and geld carpet ; . the pillars and.alter were covered with gold.. 'I'The Geek marringe ceremony was unique ill the absencee of.t,,isic._ Chants and. intoned prayers- ware gteen. during the service. . The crowns were. held suspended. over the heads of tale bridal paik-Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinaburgh, sud.. r'ince Surguis that over the bride.. The Imperial Confessor. ther. said: "'l'Thu. servant of God,. Alfeed Ernest. Elward, at; crowned fr,tbis handmaiden of GO, I, Maria Alexandra, in the name of? the Fatther, the Sun, and the holy Ghost.' Prince Arthur; . becoming tired of hold ins the heavy crown, waarsrl.eved.. Then the Epistle to the Epheeians. 5th chapter,. 20th anrd 23rd verses were read. After the reading was e includedl the marriage, at Cans of Oalimle was read. The crowns: were removed, a. ln the married couple walked thrice round, the raised dais, holding to the. tip of.the.Confessor's robe, with one baud and a candle in.the, other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the. sacramental cup wasee brought forward. bleared, and partakpn of. by the bridal pair, the Confessor presenting the eross, which.both kissed. Afterwards the choir) sang 'Glory to Thee, U Lord I" an" cludtugwith a benediotion., 