THE SESSION AND WHAT OOME OF'IT? (From the D. D. Gatctte.) The session ia now almost closed, and the Ministry have succeeded in getting through it. If the mere retention of office by dlot of truckling to every opponent,: of abandoxring every principle not at once accepted by a majority, of surrendering every clause In overy measuro Tvhich kttractod tho slightest hostility, and on stifling evctj bill whoso continued , oxistpneo threatened to ahako them in their : ministerial chair-if that bo success-then in ; doed they have gucqecded. J 11 ^Wfcit ;ia np^ that boasted offspring of Mr I'fjfcepttehr Wo grpal libbhft parly e woo* ! dcrftiltand'toill; wtf <ih tfas to ebver ,tho face of I tho country with smiling homes? An abortion I at its birth, surrendered-to bo mangled out of | all knowledge by every doj*' that has a tooth, its poor palpitating remains only await, and I are likely soon to reocive. the final stroke which 1 will crtiah it out of boing! [Thoy hAve received I kr. Stephens' groat Land Bill no longer exists-but he has maqaged to remain Minister; its identity is lost-but he is safe; it will pro* bablr shortly give up tho ghost altogether ; but no will last cone the shorter. 1 The Lands Frauds Bill bus been slaughtered j without an attompt even to paw it off as an | endeavour at success. By this course the ques tion of dealing with dummying is not deferred. I No mietako could be greater than to suppose so. The question is practically settled by too mat Liberal administration in favour of the dum tales! No Ministry ever protended to havo ibe same mission, or the same inclination to grapple I with this scandal as the present Government; j and tho country may rest assured that after this open abnegation of their solf-imposed duty by this Ministry, bo other will fbel bound to force their inclinations in order to deal with the diffi culty. When Mr. Stephens arose in his place to move the discharge of this measure, he might as well have proposed in as many words that all dummies snail got ther deeds without any more fuss. Let him placo that result as ft feather tn his political cap. , Where aria Mr. Mcllwraith's railways P What has been tho fruition of Macalister's mighty schemosf There is ft survey party 1 somewhere between Gympie and Maryborough, who are very comfortable. The Brisbane and Ipswich railway was surveyed ten years before 1 its construction was commenced, and then a fresh survey was made. Let Gympie and Mount Perry hear, and moderate their especta* tions. What has boon tho outootno of Mr. Mcllwrnith's groat reputation? Ho has dis charged Mr. Stanley on the strength of it, and rests contentod on tho laurels so acquired. II is useless to continue. Were wo to pilo words on one another till sloop should overtake ns- and our roadors-we could not sura up the demerits of this Ministry, which inndo so bril limit a beginning /mo half bo thoroughly as by endorsing most fully tho opinion, now so fre quently rxprossrd. that Mr. George Thorn has proved to be the ablest of them all. 