TO THE HISTORY OF THE HERALD. , Silt - Some kind friends of mine think that an- expression or opinion from me would carry weight with it, " memory of a wise and politic settlement of the present conflict as between the Dtnoniinationuliste and the Secularists." I time persuaded that they are mistaken: I cannot think that I have any such influence as they impute to me. Nevertheless as no less than eight applications have been made to run - one calling upon my " patriotism," another upon my " well-known High Church principle," and a third season Div " adherence to liberal principles perhaps it will be OF well to declare what I do think upon the all-important question now before " the country." Permit me to say that I have anxiously contemplated this storm of controversy BB brooding over us for many a long day, and my only wonder is that it has been so long coming. My only hope that the good sense of the public mind will not give it scope to develop a element in our social and political system. For myself, I recognise two great principles of duty. My duty to God and His Church. 2. My duty to the white or body politic of which I am a member. These two duties are not antagonistic, but in direct harmony the one with the other. Under the first great principle of duty, I I am bound, as an ecclesiastic, to secure as far as I have op) ortunity, that the whole community is educated and in -united in the knowledge of God and of the redemption He was wrought for us through the all-prevailing atone- ment of our blessed Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, Bindi tied and brought home to our heart by the efficacy and influence of the Holy Ghost. Under the second great pain , epic of duty, I em bound as a citizen to consider, and fairly provide for, those who will not adopt my views of religion ; but who, whilst valuing religious truth as an merely as I hope I do, hold opinions so opposite to, and conflicting with mine, that it is absolutely impossible for us to unite as teachers of God's truth in all its fullness. Every man who had any sense (for they are only " feels " who ignore God, and the duties we owe to Him) freely admitted the importance of the petition, whilst at the same time the difficulties of administration, which surrounded the satisfactory and wise determination of it, appalled and confused most minds. It was at this crisis Mr. Parkes proposed a solution of the difficulty by bringing forward the draft of an Act which I unhesitatingly assert to have been one of the most statesmanlike and patriotic measures which have characterised the work of 1- gislation in this or any other country. Whatever errors of judgment Mr. Parkes may, or may not have committed, I say that his original draft of the Public Schools Act will stamp his reputation as a legislator and a states- man throughout the world. Why then, if my opinion of the riginal draft of the Public Schools Act be correct, was it not made law I will endeavour to tell you why. In this, OB in most other communities, there were three great parties. The secularist politicians, who are represented by the present movement for " secular, compulsory, and free education." 2. The ecclesiastics, who would have their "whole pound" of Denominationalism or sectarianism and 3 The true patriots, who would not ignore the importance of religious and moral teaching, but thought that a system might be evoked which would ensure that, whilst it might be made politically economical and educationally efficient. When Mr. Parkes attempted to introduce his original bill, the opposition of the "ecclesiastics" was so rabidly HBO the word deliberately) and their temporary influence was so powerful, that in order to carry the measure he is compelled either to compromise, by the introduction of a modified Denominational element into his bill, or to lose it altogether. He wisely chose to adapt himself to the circumstances of his position, no doubt in the hope, perhaps (he conviction, that the day would come when the good ecBFe of the public mind would revert to his original proposition, and AMEND the Public Schools Act " by divesting it entirely of all those clauses which recognise the support of Denominational schools by State grants. Thus the present Public Schools Act" became law. But, were " The ecclesiastics" satisfied with their temporary triumph ? No! far from it. They determined to uphold and force the Denominational element of the Act, whilst they almost to a man, protested against and vilified the Public schools OF seminaries of infidelity and atheism." Every act of the Council of Education was regarded with suspicion, and the most wanton and malignant attacks were made by ecclesiastics of both England and Borne against its administration of the public votes. Not a clergyman would desecrate his boots by seeking access to a Public School, even though there were hundreds aye, thousands of Christ's little ones" crying aloud, pining for the Bread of Life. That could only be properly digested, so as to save their souls, in a Denominational school. The " ecclesiastics," as it seems to me, completely forgot their duties as citizens, in their solo and soul-absorb- ing sense of their duty to their God and His Church. I believe them to have been actuated by the sincerest and deepest sense of apparent but not real-duty. However, can they not now see that, by their hitherto persistent' opposition to the " Public Schools Act, they have them s Ives provoked the present storm of "secularism?" Note, forsooth, they all (in the presence of the enemy he Anyone-" Secularism ") admire the Public Schools Act. They would that it may be stereotyped for all ages ; but, of course, still in view of its recognition of the L'cnuniinationaliBt or sectarian element. Why did not the energy the Church of England OBEY their Bishop's counsel, and organise measures by which the children of our Church attending Public schools could be instructed ? I am afraid, and it humiliates me to say it, that some of our clergy, who call themselves Episcopalians, evidence their loyalty to Episcopacy by acting in direct opposition to their liTTio-Koiroç. Perhaps I am mistaken. Certainly in the matter of their even attempting to visit either personally or by deputy, the Public schools, I fear I am too near the truth. Their idea' is that, if they have Denominational schools under their own control, there is no obligation on their parts to visit and give instruction in the Public schools. Then I do say, under the strongest possible conviction of the importance of special and dogmatic religious instruction, that the sooner the Legislature compels the clergy or their deputies to visit the Public schools, by absolutely refusing to vote one farthing for a Denominational school, the better for the country, and certainly the better for the special religious teaching of our children. But do the Public schools afford proper and adequate accommodation for the special religious classes at he appointed time viz., the hour daily? No; they do not. And here I would earnestly implore the attention of the Council of Education. The Council has a duty to perform as well as the clergy. ' If I am not mistaken in my reading of the Public Schools Act, it is its bounden duty to provide class-rooms, and to protect the clergy in ; their use of them at appointed times. I do not wonder, with the many claims and applications which have beset it in on all sides, that it has been tempted widely to distribute the annual vote placed at its disposal, by establishing new schools in destitute districts, but I do think that the day has just arrived when it ought to devote its attention, and the application of its merits, to the provision of every requisite and proper appliance (such, for instance, as class- rooms, &c.;) for every school which it has hitherto called into existence I have myself been told by the master of our local Public school, that I could " not have the class, room (although I went at the hour authorised by the ( Council) because the Inspector was there." I say this is wrong, The Inspector know, or ought to have known, that. one not he was entitled to that class-room at that time, but then (don't you see?) he was magnifying, his office at the expense of mine, and of course he thought that he was snubbing " the parson." Some, not all, of these Inspectors give themselves great airs and want to be taught a lesson of good manners and courtesy. However, these are matters of detail, and can easily be rectified. All the correspondence that I have road about the relative cost of the two systems Public and Denominational - appears to me to be altogether outside the real question which the country has to decide at the next election. The real question is this, '? Why should the country pay for two systems of education, while owe would answer (and answer better every purpose i Why, for instance, here in Parramatta should the State squander its means by assisting to maintain five Denominational and Public schools where two good Public schools would do all the work, and do it far more efficiently ? Yes, far more efficiently, both in a secular and a tifiyioHs point of view; for I believe that the duty of giving religious instruction at specially appointed times is for more likely to be attended to than when it is supposed to be " all- pervading," and to " sanctify every lesson," over arithmetic I hope that I value the importance of religious teaching quite as highly as either our own revered Bishop, the learned Dr. Vaughan, of the controversial Dr. Barry ; but what I maintain it this-that the Public Schools Act, of divested of its support of Denominational schools, would afford every reasonable and, proper opportunity for the in- question of special dogmatic teaching, whilst it would not in any degree if JS than the Denominational schools recognise and enforce the inculcation of Christian morality. AH the nonsense one reads and hears about the exclusion of the Holy Bible from the Public schools is absolutely untrue. I could, if I pleased, INTRODUCE into our local Public School here, and USE, complete copies of the Holy Scriptures, by placing them. In the hands of every child attending any BpecialclasB for religious instruction of which I might have discharge. What more do I want? What more have I any right to expect ? All that the Public Schools Act says is that the Bible shall not be forced upon those who do not value its blessed truths. Well, the Denominational schools do not say this, but they practically so," because their boast of the' " liberally administered Denominationalism schools is that they exclude from their religions classes all the attending children who do not belong to the, denomination; so that these unfortunates are to be left without any religious or moral teaching whatsover ! 1 can understand the principle of a school which is consistently sectarian ; but I confess that it puzzles me to realize the consistency of men, who, whilst they contend for dogmatic' teaching, yet receive children into their 'schools for education whom they deliberately engage to exclude from that privileged kind of special dogmatic teaching, which themselves profess to hold so dear. Are. the excluded ones to go to perdition t I receive, M head-master of the King's School, boys, some of j whom are Presbyterians, other Congregationalists; bot I remit them to their own ministers iotipHial'dcgmaUcUkthirig.:lBVa\; I'gWe them selected Scripture Ifteeciof maêiiMÊïtbuuAm^litfAïài 1 facts am thinking seriously of introducing; the " Selected Lessons of the Public schools for my Scripture classes. Of course, in the caRO of members of the Church of England who come here, We will have besides the ''Selected Lessons'" special dogmatic teaching. Now, what this but an illustration of the Public Schools Act? What I am doing here at the King's School might be done as easily in every Public school in the country. However, to tell you the truth, I am sick of this subjects to sum up havens hesitation in saying that I hope the electors will consider this important question, and vote wisely at our next election. The determination of this question must practically rest with them ; but I do hope they will consider the real question at issue. I hope they will not allow themselves to be confused and disfranchised by all the false issues which have been raised on this question. The question is not as to how many tens, hundreds, or thousands are without education. God knows, and we all grant, that there are far too many. The question is, whether we shall go on as We are perpetuating a most wasteful, extravagant,- and mischievous support of two conflicting systems, under the semblance of one or whether we shall divest the Public Schools Act' of the denominationalism or sectarian provisions, and throw the entire cost of sectarian teaching upon the Churches ? As an ecclesiastic, I say, if the members of the Church of England sufficiently value their privileges, they will organize a system by which the children of their Church will be effectually supplied with special religious teaching, in the hour set apart for that purpose in the Public schools. It is not at all necessary that an ordained clergyman should be present to perform the duty ; surely if the Church is. worth her " salt "-(I use a Scripture ! phrase) the will have faithful sons and daughters in every district, to undertake her Master's cause-and not ; every other Denomination do the flame. I have such an ' plicit faith and reliance in the truthfulness of our cause as Church of England men, that I do not doubt for a second of the issue. How the other Denominations will succeed, it is not for me to any. That is their business 1 not mine. I am, yours very truly, GEO. F. MACARTHUR. The King's School, September 26. 