THE STAG HUNT. I My dear Sykney. Mail, if yon think that the tale \ Of my doings, contained in this letter, t Is of that sort of rubbish, that you'd like to publish, j Why do so, for want of aught better. | ? . ? Last Saturday morning, | With the hounds I though I'd have a run ; \ So I insured my life, left all to my wife I 1 And departed to join in the fun. I After much preparation, I made for the station, Encased in my pink coat and leathers ; Feeling good for the day, as a school-girl would say, Who was sporting her first hat and feathers. I asked after my nag, had a look at the stag, And for any occasion felt ready. When I ran against ' Bowes,' inhfe swell hunting clothes* Says he, ' CLumpkine, dear fellow, keep steady. ' Tho' it does my heart good to welcome new blood, It'e my duty to beg you'll remember. That the pleasure you reap, you can't have on the cheap* So I'll just put you down as a member.' My five guineas I parted, just then the train started, Packed with horses, with men, and with hounds ; To Campbelltown bent, all on pleasure intent, On their way to their new hunting grounds. We reached our destination, and with some trepidation,. I looked round to see who was there ; But my fears quickly fled, tho' I blushed rosy red. At the eight of two horsewomen fair. I eaw ' Fred ' and ' J. L.,' of the gems called swell* Asd seme say too much of the dandy. But dandies or not, -when the pace became hot, To the front rank they got pretty handy. There waB Airey and Terry, one sad and one merry, Both attired in the neatest of pink. While half a score more stood close round the door, Of Graham's house ? noted for drink. Soon after they started, the deer was uncarted ; It made running across a big hill, And I thought, with much sorrow, that I ought to follow* ?, Or I mightn't be in at the kill. Scarce a minute had passed when I heard the horn's blast And a screech that made me wish to tally, And the musical darlings, like a big flock of sterlings, Came streaming along through the valley. 'By Jove! hunting's the fun !— I'm in for a run! j For the danger I don' t care a rap \' I When a rattling stiff fence recalled my loBt sense, I And I squinted around for a gap. m I saw Telegraph, knock it, as he followed old Rocket ; Sam Weller flew over behind them, And Cox on ' The Dean ' jumped it clever and clean, And played follow my leader to find them. I got over or through, as I found 'twouldn't do To wait for a rail to be broken, And jumping a drain, I held on by the mane, Up a hill f other side of the open. 'Hold hard!' roared the master, but they all rode the faster, And held his request in derision. So in dignified silence he proved for a high fence, To thin out the skirting division. Some three miles neck and neck, when we came to a cheeky Then a fourth, with our game well in view. Then the stag took the water, and we saved him km slaughter, 'Cos as how he'd run honest and true. ' I reached town delighted, not the least bit affrighted, '. And was met at the train by my wife. „, Says I, « My dear Charlotte, don't I look well in scarlet?' I'U hunt for the rest of my life. Bob's Ghobt. 