Prudence Palfrey. [Re-published from the Atlantic Monthly.] CHAPTER VIII. THE PARSON'S LAST TEXT. BY THOMAS BAILET ALDRICH. THIS brings my story again to that afternoon in May, when Prudence Palfrey made her appearance at the cottage in Horseshoe-lane, and was solicited by Salome to speak to the parson, who had locked himself in the little room after the departure of the two deacons. It was with an inexplicable sense of un easiness that Prudence crossed the library, and knocked softly on the panel of the inner door. The parson did not seem to hear the summons; at all events he paid no attention to it, and Prudence knocked again. "He's gittin' the least bit hard of hearin', pore soul," said Salome. " Meb-be he heard that, though," she added more cautiously, " for he always hears when you don't s'pose he wilL Do jest speak to him, honey, he '11 know your vice in a minit" Prudence put her lips down to the key-hole and called, " Parson Wibird !—it's Prue, —won't you speak to me ?" He made no response to this, and in the silence that ensued, broken only by the quick respiration of the two women, there was no sound as if he were preparing to undo the fastenings. Prudence rose up with a half frightened expression on her countenance and looked at Salome. " What can have happened ?" she said, hurriedly. " Lord o' mercy knows replied Salome, catch ing Prue'B alarm. " Don't stare at me in sech a way, dear ; I'm as nervous as nuthin'." " Are you sure he is there ?" " Sartin. I all but see him goin' in, an' I have n't ben out of the room sence. He must be there." " Is he subject to vertigo, ever V " Dunno," said Salome, doubtfully. " I mean, does he ever faint ?" " He did have a cur'ous sort of spell two or three weeks ago, an' Dr. Theophilus give him some med'cine for it" "He has fainted, then ! Get a candle— quick, Stop, Salome, I '11 go with you." Prudence was afraid to remain in the library alone. She was impressed by some impalpable | presence in the half darkness. The shadows huddled together in the corners. The long rows of books in their time-stained leather bindings looked down sombrely from the shelves. On the table was an open volume, with an ivory paper-cutter upon it, which he had been reading. His frayed dressing-gown lay across a chair in front of the table. It seemed like some weird, collasped figure, lying there. All the familiar objects in the room had turned strange and woe-begone in the twilight. Prudence would not have been left alone for the world. The two went out together for the candle, which Salome with a trembling hand lighted at the kitchen stove. Then they flitted back to the library silently, with white sharp faces, like ghosts. " What shall we do ?" "We must break in the door," said Prudence under her breath. " You hold the candle." She placed her knee against the lower panel and pressed with all her strength. The lock was old and rusty, and the screws worked loosely in the worm-eaten wood-work. The door yielded at the second pressure and flew open, with a shower of fine dust sifting down from the lintel. The girl retreated a step or two, and, -buying her eyes with the palm of her hand, peered into the darkened space. Nothng w» distinct at fin*, but as Salome raised the light above Pine's head, the figure of the parson suddenly took shape against the gloom. He was sitting in an old-fashioned arm-chair, with his serene face bent over a great Bible covered with green baize, which he held on his knees. His left arm hung idly at his side, and the forefinger of his right hand rested lightly on the middle of the page, as if slumber had over taken him so, reading. " Laws o' mercy, if the parson hasn't gone to sleep !" exclaimed Salome, stepping into the small compartment " Asleep !" repeated Prudence, the reassured color returning to her cheek. Salome laid her hand on the parson's arm, and then passed it quickly over his forehead. " He's dead !" cried Salome, dropping the candlestick. The hour-hand of the cuckoo-clock in the hall at Willowbrook pointed at seven ; the toy bird popped out on the narrow ledge in front of the carved Swiss cottage, shook seven flute-like notes into the air, popped in again hastily, and the little door went to with a spiteful snap. Mr. Dent glanced at the time-piece over the fire-place in the sitting-room, and wondered what was detaining Prue. She had gone to town on a shopping expedition shortly after dinner, and here it was an hour and a half past tea- time. Fanny had brought in the tea-urn and carried it off again. It was as if the sun-dial had forgotten to mark the movements of the sun ; the household set its clocks by Prudence. For the last hour or two Mr. Dent had been lounging restlessly in the sitting-room, now snatching up a book and trying to read, now looking out on the lawn, and now vigorously poking the coals in the grate, for it was one of those brisk days which make a fire comfortable in our delusive New England May. Mr. Dent was revolving in his mind how he should break to Prudence the intelligence of Parson Hawkins' dismissal, and more especially in what terms he should confess his own part in the transaction. "What will Prue say, ?" was a question he put to himself a dozen times with out eliciting a satisfactory reply. He was a little afraid of Prue, —he had that tender awe of her with which a pure woman inspires most men. He could imagine what she would have said three years ago ; but she had altered in many respects since then ; she had grown quieter and less impulsive. That one flurry of passion in which she had confessed her love for John Dent did not seem credible to her guardian as he looked back to it As a matter of course, she would be indignant at the action of the deacons, and would probably not approve of the atepa he had taken to bring Mr. Dillingham to River mouth ; but she would not storm at him. He almost wished she would storm at him, for her anger was not so unmanageable as the look of mute reproach which she knew how to bring into her gray eyes. The cuckoo in the Swiss chalet had hopped out again on the ledge, and was just Bounding the half hour in his brisk, business-like way, when Prudence opened the drawing-room door. " I thought you had run off for good," said Mr. Dent, rising from his chair ; then he stopped and looked at her attentively. "Why, Prue, what is the matter ?' " The parson"—Prudence could not finish the sentence. The nervous strength that had sustained her through the recent ordeal gave way; she sank upon the sofa and buried her face in the cushions. "She has heard of already," thought Mr. Dent. He crossed to the Bofa and rested his hand softly on her shoulder. " Prue, my dear girl, you must be reasonable. It had to come sooner or later ; he could not go on preaching for ever, you know. He is a very old man now, and ought to take his ease. He will be all the happier with the cares of the parish off his "AH the happier, yes!" i " And we'll have him up to Willowbrook often; he shall have a room here " Prudence lifted her face beseechingly. " Oh, you dont know ! you don't know!" she cried. "He is dead ! he died this afternoon, sitting in his chair. Ah !—it was so dreadfully sudden!" and Prudence covered her eyes with her hands, as if to shut out the scene in the library. Mr. Dent was greatly shocked. He leaned against the mantel-piece, and stared vacantly at Prudence, while she related what had happened at Horseshoe-lane. She had completed her purchases in town, and was Jon the way home when she met Miss Blydenburgh, who told her of the deacons' visit to Parson Hawkins to request his resignation. Knowing that the poor old man was unprepared for any such proposition, she had turned back and hastened down to the parsonage, to say and do what she could to comfort him in his probable distress. Then she and Sslome, alone there in dark, had found him dead in the chair. Ah! Mr. Dent left his tea untasted. He had the horse saddled, and rode over to town. He was greatly shocked. And Deacon ZebTwombly, that night, has he stood for a moment beside the cradle in which the little ewe-lamb lay nestled in its blankets, was a miserable man. He crept off to the spare room in the attic —where he was un* dergoing a temporary but not unprecedented exile —with the conviction that he was little better than a murderer. "I hope Parson Wibird will forgive me my share in the business," murmured *h« deacon, blowing out the candle ; then he lingered by the window dejectedly. It was a dreamy May night: and the air though chilly, was full of the odors of spring, and the mysterious blue spaces above were sown thick with stars. " Frhaps he knows all up there," he said, lifting his eyes reverently, " an' how it went agin me to give him any pain. I wonder how brother Wendell feels about it" Deacon Wendell, fortunately or unfortunately, I as the case may be, was of that tougher fibre out of ! which the strong sons of the world are made. He had performed the duty that devolved upon him, as he had performed other unpleasant duties, having been sheriff once, and there was nothing to be said. He was sorry the parson died just as he did. " Looks as though he done it on purpose to spite us," reflected Deacon WendelL Perhaps his chief emotion when he first heard the news —it was all over Rivermouth now—was an ill-defined feeling of resentment against Parson Wibird for having cut up rough. The effect produced on Mr. Dent was more complex. Though neither so callous as Deacon Wendell nor so soft-hearted as Deacon Twombly, he shared to some extent the feelings of both. He keenly regretted the death of the old parson, and particularly the manner of it It was an unlucky coincidence, —he could not look upon it as anything more than a coincidence, —and would give rise to much disagreeable gossip. If it had happened a month or two before, or a month or two later, he would have been sorry, as anybody is 6orry when anybody dies ; but he would not have been shocked. He wished he had not been quite so warm in advo cating the desirableness of Mr. Dillingham. If he could have foreseen the present catastrophe, he would have thrust his hand into the flames rather than move in the matter. But what was done was done ; and as he urged the mare across the long wooden bridge which ended among the crumbling wharves and shabby warehouses of Market-street, he trusted something would transpire showing that the parson's death was the result of natural causes and in no degree to be attributed to —to what had probably caused it I There was an unusual glimmer and moving of lights in the windows of the parsonage, and a mysterious coming and going of shadows on the brown Holland shades, as Mr. Dent turned into Horseshoe-lane. He was within a dozen rods of i the cottage, when the gate creaked on its hinges and Dr. Theophilus Tredick passed out, walking off rapidly in an opposite direction. Mr. Dent pushed on after the doctor, and overtook him at the doorstep of a neighboring ' house. " A moment, doctor," said Mr. Dent, leaning over the horse's neck. " Has there been an in quest 1" " Yes; we have just finished the examination.'' " Well <" "Paralysis." "Attributable to any sudden mental excite ment or anything of that nature ? You know he had a conversation on church affairs with the deacons this afternoon ; could that have affected him in any way f' Mr. Dent put the query anxiously. It would be difficult to say," replied the I doctor. "It is open to conjecture of course ; i but at the worst it could only have hastened I what what was inevitable. lam not prepared I to affirm that it hastened it; in fact, Ido not think it did." "I do not entirely catch yoar meaning, doctor," Mr. Dent said. " I mean that Parson Hawkins had had two Blight strokes of paralysis previously; one last winter and the second three weeks ago. I was apprehensive that the third would terminate fatally." " I never heard of that." "No one knew of it, I think ; not even Mrs. Pinder, the housekeeper. It was at his own urgent request I kept the matter secret At the time of the occurrence of the second attack, I had a long talk with our friend, and advised him strongly to give up work altogether ; finding him obstinate on that point, I urged him to have an assistant I warned him plainly that he might be taken ill at any moment in the pulpit He declared that that was the place of all others where he could wish to die ; but he promised to consider my suggestion of an associate minister." " Which he never did." " For the last three Sundays," continued the doctor, " I have gone to church expecting to see him drop down in the pulpit in the midst of the service. He was aware of his condition, and not at all alarmed by it Though he overrated bis strength, and had some odd notions of duty—he did have some odd notions, our estimable old friend, —he was a man of great clear sense, and Ido not believe the recent action of the parish affected him in the manner or to the extent idle people will suppose. What has happened would probably have happened in any case." Dr. Tredick's statement lifted a weight from Mr. Dent's bosom, and from Deacon Twombly's when he heard of it; though there were numerous persons in the town who did not hesi tate to assert that the parson's dismissal killed him. To look on the darkest side of a picture is in strict keeping with the local spirit; for Rivermouth, in its short-comings and in its un compromising virtues, is nothing if not Puritan. "Might as well have took a muskit and shot the ole man," observed Mr. Wiggins. "Capital punishment ought to be abolished in New Hampshire," said ex-postmaster Snelling, " If they don't hang Deacon Wendell and the rest of 'em." Mr. Snelling was not naturaly a .sanguinary person, but he had been superseded in the post office the year before by Deacon Wendell, and flesh is flesh. The event was the only topic discussed for the next ten days. Parson Wibird had so long been one of the features of the place, that he seemed a permanence, like the brick church itself, or the post-office with its granite facade. If either of these had been spirited off overnight, the sur prise and the shock could not have been more wide-spread. That tall, stooping figure, clad al ways in a rusty suit of black, was as familiar an object on the main street as the swinging sign of the Old Bell Tavern. There were grandfathers and grandmothers who, as boys and girls, re membered Parson Wibird when he looked neither older nor younger than he did that day lying in the coffin, —nay, not so young, for the deep wrinkles and scars of time had faded out of the kindly old face, and the radience of heavenly youth rested upon it There was one circumstance connected with the old minister's death that naturally made a deeper impression than any other. When Salome summoned the neighbors that night, they found the parson with the Bible lying open before him, and one finger resting upon the page as if direct ing attention to a particular passage. There was something startiingly life-like and imperative in the unconscious pointing of that withered fore finger, and those who peered hastily over the slanted shoulder and read the verse indicated never forgot it " Thet was th' parson's las' tex'," said Uncle Jedd, leaning on his spade worn bright with oh ! so many graves : " Well done, thou good an' faithful servant, enter thou inter th' joy of thy Lord!" Chapter IX. A WILL, AND THE WAY OP IT. It was early in the forenoon, six or seven days after the funeral of the parson, that Mr. Dent, who had left the house an hour before to take the morning train for Boston, returned hurriedly to Willowbrook, and, capturing Fanny the house maid, with broom and dust-pan in the front hall, despatched her to her mistress. " Tell Miss Prudence I want to speak with her a moment in the library." This change in her guardian's purpose, and his message, which was in itself something out of the ordinary way, filled Prudence with wonder. She had packed Mr. Dent's valise for an absence of several days, and she knew it was no trivial circumstance that had made him relinquish or postpone the journey in question. What could it be. She was arranging the house-plants in the bay window room, as it was called, when Fanny de livered Mr. Dent's message. "He must have missed the train," said Pru dence to herself. But Mr. Dent had gone to town an hour earlier than was necessary to catch the express. "Or perhaps Mr. Dillingham has written that he is not coming, after aIL" Sud denly an idea flashed upon Prudence and nearly caused her to drop the pot of jonquils which she was in the act of lifting from the flower-stand." " He has heard from John Dent!" When a friend dies and is buried, there's an end of him. We mks him for a space out of our daily existence; we mourn for him by de grees that become mercifully less ; we cling to the blessed hope that we shall be reunited in som« more perfect sphere ; but so far as this earth is concerned, there's an end of him. However near and dear he was, the time arrives when he does not form a part of our daily thought; he ceases to be even an abstraction. We go no more with flowers and tears into the quiet cemetery; only the rain and the snow flakes fall there ; we leave it for the fingers of spring to deck the neglected mound. But when our friend vanishes unaccountably in the midst of a crowded city, or goes off on a sea-voyage and is never heard of again, h's memory has a singular tenacity. He may be to all intents and purposes dead to us, but we have not lost him. The ring of the door-bell at mid night may be bis ring ; the approaching footstep may be his footstep ; the unexpected letter with foreign postmarks may be from his hand. He haunts us as the dead never can. The woman whose husband died last night may marry again within a lustre of months. Do you suppose a week passes by when the woman whose husband disappeared mysteriously ten years ago does not think of him ? There are moments when the opening of a door must Btartle her. There is no real absence but death. For nearly three years, for two years and a half, to be precise, the shadow of John Dent had haunted Prudence more or less, —the chance of tidings from him, the possibility of his emerging suddenly from the darkness that shrouded him and bis movements, had been in her thought almost constantly. Until she saw him once more or knew that he was dead, she was not to be relieved of this sense of expectancy. It was dis associated with any idea or desire that he would claim her love ; he bad surrendered that; he had written her that he should never set foot in Rivermouth again ;he was a wrecked man. It was not for Prudence to cling to a hope which he had thrown over, however unwisely or weakly. She would have watted for him loyally all her life ; his misfortune would have linked her closer to him ; but he had not asked her to wait, or to share the misfortune ; he had given her up, and the obvious thing for Prudence had been to forget him. In a circumscribed life like hers, how was it possible for her to forget that she had loved and been loved ? She taught herself to look upon bis visit to Willowbrook aud what had subsequently occurred, as a midsummer's day dream ; but beyond that she had not been suc cessful. John Dent's name was seldom Bpoken now by either Prudence or her guardian : to all appear ance he was obliterated from their memories ; but the truth is, there was scarely a month when both Prudence and Mr. Dent did not wonder what bad become of him. " I dont believe she ever thinks of him nowadays," reflected Mr. Dent "He has quite forgotten him," Prudence would say to herself. But Mr. Dent never took his letters from the languid clerk at the post office without half expecting to find one from Jack ; and Prudence never caught an expression more than usually thoughtful on her guardian's face without fancying he had received news of his nephew. The image of John Dent rose up before Pru dence with strange distinctness that morning as she stood by the bay window, and flitted with singular persistence across her path on the way down-stairs. Mr. Dent was seated at the Kbrary table, upon which were spread several legal looking docu ments with imposing red wax seals. His eye brows were drawn together, and there was a perplexed look on his countenance which at once reassured Prudence ; whatever had occured, it was nothing tragic. "We have got hold of the parson's will at last," he said, looking up as she entered the room. A will had been found the day following Parson Hawkins' death, in an old hair trunk in which he kept private papers ; but Mr. Jarvis the attorney, declared that a later testament had been executed, different in tenor from this, which was dated fifteen years back. No such docu ment was forthcoming, however, after a moßt rigorous search among the old clergyman's manu scripts. Mr. Jarvis had drawn up the paper him self ten months before, and was bent on finding, it. . "My client was queer in such matters," he said. "He would keep scraps of verse and para graphs cut from newspapers in his strong box at the bank, and have bonds and leases kicking round the library as if they were worthless. You may depend upon it, he stuck this will away in some corner, and forgot it." On the sixth or seventh day, when the belief was become general that the parson had destroyed it, the later will was discovered, shut up in a copy of the London folio-edition of Cotton Mather's Magnalia, on a Bhelf in the little room where the parson had died. " He has left Salome a life interest in the cottage and an annual sum for her support, to revert at her death to the main estate." "I am glad of that," said Prudence. "Poor Salome !" "And the residue of the property," continued Mr. Dent, "after deducting a few minor be quest*,—how do you think he has disposed of thatr "I am sure I cannot imagine. He had no near relatives. To the Sunday-school perhaps." " No." "To the Brick' Church, then." "No." "To the Mariner's Home." " No : the Mariner's Home gets two thousand dollars, though." " Then I cannot guess." " He leaves it to John Dent," said her guar dian, with a cnriouß smile watching Prudence narrowly as he spoke the word*. " Isn't that rather singular ?" said Prudence, without ruffling a feather. " She doesn't care the snap of her finger for him, that's certain," was Mr. Dent's internal comment.—" No, not singular. My brother Benjamin and Parson Hawkins were close friends for many years. I believe Benjamin helped him in some money affair when they were at college together, and his gratitude is not unnatural, — assuming that gratitude is a great deal more common than it is. But the injunction laid upon the executors —and I am one—is singular. The executors are not to make public the con tents of the will, and Jack is not to be informed of his inheritance—provided we could find him —until a year after the death of the testator." " What a strange provision f' " The parson explains it by saying that every man ought to earn his own living ; that sudden wealth is frequently the worst misfortune that can befall a young man, and he wishes his friend's son to rely on his own exertions for a while, 'in order'—and these are the parson's very words —'that he may learn to estimate riches at their proper value, and support pros perity without arrogance.' All of which is sensible enough, quite in the style of your friend Dr. Johnson, but rather odd on the whole. In deed, the will is as angular as one of the parson's sermons. Jarvis drew it up, but he could not have composed a sentence of it to save him Any way, Jack falls heir to a round tnm —about eighty thousand dollars, not including the bouse and lot in Horseshoe-lane." "And perhaps at this moment he is without bread to eat or a roof to shelter him !" " Most likely. He has not condescended to let his friends know what he has done with him self. But as you said long ago, it will be a great thing for him ; it will teach him self-reliance. I didn't then think he needed any lessons in that branch of science ; but I have altered my opinion. It was cowardly in Jack to strike his colors at the first fire. I was mistaken and disappointed in him. I suppose it is the fellow's pride that has kept him from writing to me." " I am sure something ought to be done about him now, uncle." "If I knew what to do ! I could not tell him of Parson Hawkins' will, if he were here. I don't imagine an advertisement in the papers would be a very tempting bait to Jack. Letters have no affect on him, apparently. When I saw you so unhap— I mean when we got the story of that rascally Nevins, I wrote Jack to come home and take a fresh start; offered to organise a min ing company, make him superintendent, and go into the business in a rational manner; but he never answered my letter, if he got it" " That was very generous of you," said Pru dence, to whom this was news. " I don't like his silence. Why it is two years and a half, going on three yearn. Sometimes, you know, I fancy he has fallen in with that man, and come to harm. The idea may have passed through the parson's mind also, which would account for the surprising codicil he added to the wilL" The subject ef the will and all connected with it was painful to Prudence, but she was instantly curious to know what this surprising codicil was, and said so in that involuntary language which belongs to expressive eyes. Mr. Dent took up one of the solemn looking documents and glanced at the last page, then laid it down, then turned to it again, and re-read a certain passage deliberately, as if to assure himself before he spoke. "In case of John Dent's death," he said, "in { case he dies within the twelve months specified, the property comes to you." " No, no ; it must never come to me !" cried Prudence, starting from the great arm- chair in which she had curled herself. "He must be found ; whether he is told of it or not, he must be found." " I think myself he ought to be looked up. It is ridiculous for him to be roughing it out there —wherever he is—with all this money coming to him in a few months. But it is not clear to me what can be done about it." " Cannot some one be sent to find him ? Joseph Twombly, for instance f' " Yes, Twombly might be sent; and get some buck-shot in that other leg,—his luck. He would go in a second if it was suggested : but Twombly has just secured a good situation in Chicago,—-didn't I mention it to you ?—and I am not sure I should be justified in asking him." Toseph Twombly, ex-knight and capitalist, had bowed gracefully and good-humoredly to fate, instead of throwing up his hands and rending his garments like other people we know of. For many months after his return from El Dorado, the good knight could get nothing to do, and in truth he was not capable of doing much, on account of his wound. He lay idle around Rivermouth, to the no slight embarrassment of Deacon Twombly, who was not prospering in a worldly point of view. Ewe-lambs had become chronic in the deacon's family, and he found himself again banished, as the reader has been informed, to the spare-room in the attic, and a new lamb had come to be fed, even before the little one of the previous season was fairly upon its mottled legs. It was at this time—two weeks before Parson Hawkins' fatal stroke of paralysis, aud while Mr. Dent was urging his I friend Dillingham to consider the Rivennouth proposal,—that a piece of sunny fortune fell to the portion of Joseph Twombly. Mr. Dent was not a man who unbosomed hint- Belf to every chance acquaintance, but he had been particularly communicative with Mr. Dil lingham touching Rivermouth affairs, and had not left untold the history of his nephew's mis fortunes. lam inclined to suspect, however, that Mr. Dent restricted himself to the financial parts of the narrative, and said nothing what ever of the trifling love-passage that had taken place between bis ward and John Dent. It would have been hardly fair to Prudence to speak of that; but he talked frequently of his nephew, all the more frequently, perhaps, because the subject was tabooed at home. It chanced one evening, &r;> the two gentlemen were chatting together in a private parlor at the Astor House, that the conversation turned on Twombly. " I am afraid Joseph is a heavy burden to the deacon, just now," Mr. Dent said. " I wish I could help the fellow ; but everyone is retrench ing on account of the troubles down South, and there seems to be no opening for Joseph." " He appears to be an estimable and faithful young person," Mr. Dillingham replied, " and I should take it as a favor if I might be allowed i to join you in any plan to assist bin. I have no business influence here, but I am confident that a word from me to my Chicago banker* would secure interest for Mr. Twombly there. Suppose I write to them ♦" Mr. Dillingham did write, and Messrs. V Rawlings and Sons were pleased to find a place in their office for a young man so highly spoken of by their esteemed correspondent A few days afterwards, Mr. Joseph Twombly, with a, comfortable cheque in his pocket, was on his way to Chicago. * To recall him now, and send him on a wild | goose chase after John Dent, waa a step not to be taken without consideration, if at all. "He is out of the question at preneut. Per. haps by-and-by, if I fail to obtain any clue to Jack s whereabouts, I may be forced to make us© of Joaeph. What was the name of that banking firm at Salt Lake City which Jack mentioned in his letter ? Look it up, and I will write to those people." " It was Tileson and C 0.," replied Prudence, who had an excellent memory. "And I'll write to Jack also at lied Rock,— the rock on which he split," supplemented Mr. Dent; but his little pleasantry fell cold. Pru dence was not in a mood to encourage jest*, and Mr. Dent withdrew crest-fallen into his serious shelL " Perhaps it would be advisable to drop him a line at San Francisco," he said. " What do you think ?" Mr. Dent went to work en his letters, and Prudence stole off thoughtfully to the small bay window room over the hall door, where she always did her meditating. This business of the will weighed heavily upon her. There wa* something chilling in the reflection that perhaps the dead man had left his money to a dead man. and it would thus fall to her,—an avalanche of clammy gold-pieces slipping through dead men* fingers! She would touch none of it! The idea made her shiver. She was still sitting by the open casement dismayed at the prospect, when Mr. Dent stepped m , out of the door below, a valise in his hand, and * his spring over-coat thrown across one arm. Prudence drew back hastily, and when Mr. Dent looked up at the window, nhe was not visible. The movement had been mechanical on her part, and she was instantly aahumt d of it Of course it wm perfectly proper that her guardian should meet the ltev. Mr. Dillingham in Boston, and conduct him to Rivermouth ; Mr. Dent was in a manner bound to so much courtesy ; but the thought of a Btranger stand ing in the dear old parson's pulpit brought the tears to Prudence's eyes. "It is very uncharitable and unchristian, I know," said Prudenoe, watching her guardian* receding figure, " but I think 1 shall hate the new minister." 