HENRY DUNBAR. [BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET."] James Wentworth gate a long whistle. 'llboaght m much,' te muttered. 'I tfco^htl «wian't ben»i8t*keiir ;,.. . H« went into the ticket-office, wlwre &e; . clwk wassUndingJUttongs* the crowd, mdtibg to take Ms ticket ' ' . ; ' -aW8 nenwoiui wens apcioao aw mm, asu. ioeoheS him on ihfi shoulder. ? \ Sampson WHmot turned and looked him ? foil in the few. He looked, iut iiere wss bo n* of recognitaonui that took. 'Do 70a wat me, ritf' he asked, with rather & BOapicioss glance at the reprobate's shabby dreaa. ' Tea, Mr. WOmot, 1 want to apeak to you. \- Tou can oome into the waiting room with me, after you've taken your ticket.* * \ The clerk stared aghast. The tone Bhabbj lookuu? stranger was almost one of com* mano. ' 1 don't know you, my good sir,' stammer-' «i Sampson ; ' 1 never set eyes upon you before ; and unless you axe a messenger sent after me from the office, you moat be under a mistake. Ton area Btranger tome Sn 'EamnoBtranger, and lam no messenger I' answered the other. ' You've got your ticket t That's all right! Now you can come with ttft. He walked into a waiting room, the half glass doors of which opened out of the office. She room was emoty, for it only wasted five minutes to the starting of the train, and the muuMiiMna haA himnwl rtff- hn ~-1aIta i&fiir; ' seats, James Wentworth took off bis bat, and brushed his rumpled grey hair from his fore head. ' Fat en yonr spectacles, Sampson Wilmot,1' be s»d. 'and look hard at me, and then tell ue if lama stranger to you.' The old clerk obeyed, nervously, fearfully. His tremulous hands could scarcely adjust his spectacles. He looked at the reprobate's face for some moments and said nothing. Bat his breath came, quicker and his face grew very pale. 'Ay,' said James Wentworth, ' leok yonr hardest, and deny me if you can. It will be only wise to deny me ; I'm no credit to any one — least of all to a steady respectable old chap like you !?* ' Joseph !— Joseph I'— gasped the old clerk ; ' is it yon P Is it really my wretched brother F 1 thought you dead, Joseph— i. thought you were dead and gone !' 'And wished it, i dare say']'' the other JLTlRWArAA illH-Afiv ' No Joseph,— bo !'? cried Sampson Wilmot; ' Heaven knows I nerer wished you ill, Heaven knows 1 was always sorry for you, and could make excuses for you even when you sank lowest!' ' That's strange !'' Joseph muttered, with a sneer ?' ' that's very strange ! If yon were . se precums fond of me, how was it that yon stopped in the house of Dunbar and Donbar T If you had had one spark of natural affection for me, you could never have eaten their bread !' Simpson Wilmot shook his head sorrow fully. 1 ' Don's be too hard upon me, Joseph,' he aaid, with mild reproachfolnesa i ' if 1 hadn't stopped at the banking house, your mother might have starved !' Tbe reprobate made no answer to this ; but he turned his face away and sighed. The bell rang for the starting of the train. ' I must go,'1 Sampson cried. ' Give me your address. Joseph, and 1 will write to you.' ' Oh, yss, I dare say I' answered his brother scornfully ; ' no, no, that won't do. I've fonad you, my rich respectable brather, and I'll stick to you. Where are you gaiog t' ' To Southampton.' 'What for?' ' To meet flenry Donbar.' Joseph Wilmot's face grew livid with rage. The change that came over it was so sudden and so awful in its nature, ,that the old clerk started back as if he had seen a ghost ' You are poing to meet him t' said Joseph*, in a hoarse whisper ; ' he is in England thenP' ' No ; but he is expected to arrive almost ?''''ir^-'Vji *f m.j w jvvl ivua iiao nuaw, Joseph P' ' Why do I look like that P' cried the younger man ; ' have you grown to be such a mere machine, snob, a speaking automaton, such a living tool of the men you serve; that all human feeling has perished in yonr breast P Bah ! how should such as yon onderstaod what I feel P Hark ! the bell's ringing—I'll' oome with you.' The train was on the point of starting; the two men hurried out to the platform. ' No, — no,' cried Sampson Wilmot, as his brother stepped after Mm into the carriage ; 'no— no, Joseph, don't come with me,— don't oome with me !' ' I will go with you,' ' But you've no ticket.' ' 1 can get one— or you can get me one, for I've no money— at the first station we stop at.' ? . .. They were seated in a second class railway carriage by this time. The ticket collector, running from carriage to .carriage, was in too great a hurry to discover that the little bit of . pasteboard which Joseph Wilmot exhibited was -only a return ticket to Waudsworth. ' There was a brief scramble, a banging of doors and Babel like confusion of tongues ; and then the engine gave its farewell shriek and rushed . away. . ' . ? , The oldolerk looked very uneasily at bis younger brother's face. The livid pallor had ' passed away, but the strongly marked eyebrows Met in a dark frown, 'Joseph— Joseph !'- aaid Sampson, 'Heaven only knows l'm.glad to see you, after more than thirty years seperation, and any help I . can give yon out of my slender means I'll give freely— I will, indeed, Joseph, for the memory of our dear mother, if not for love of you; and I do, love yon, Joseph— 1 do tore yon, vary dearly still. But I'd rather yon didn't take ?;. this journey with me— I would, indeed. I can't see that any good can oome toit' ' Never you mind what comes it. I want to talk to you. You're a ni«e affectionate brother to wish to shuffle me off directly after ? our first meeting. I want to talk to yon, Sampson Wilmot. And 1 want to see him. 1 know how the world's used me for the last five ana taircy -years ; 1 wane to see bow toe same world— such a just and merciful world as it is— has treated my tempter- and betrayer, Heary Dunbar 1' Sampson Wilmot trembled like a leaf. His health had .been very feeble ever since, the second shock of paralysis— that dire and silent foe, whose invincible band had stricken the old man down as he eat at bis desk, without one moment's warning, His health was feeble and the shock of meeting with bis brother— this poor lost disgraced brother— whom He had five and twenty years believed to be dead, iioil luan almnot. Ann mnftli #iw ltitn Wft* was this all— unutterable terror took possession of him when he thought of a meeting between Joseph WHniot and Henry Dunbar. The old man could remember his brother's words : 'Let him consider it a lucky escape if, when we next meet, he getB off scot free I'' Suasion Wilmot had prayed night and day that «mah a meeting never did take plate, For five and thirtiTyi*rs i| iad bain delayed. Surely it would not ptaMTnow. ' ; The old clerk. looted nervously at hie .h^feerifeoe./ ., ; --.,--. ? .,--. v.'. f : 'Joseph,' he mtV«ttrei»'rd rather »u didn'frgo with me toSoftthaotBton ,? I'd paUier yrfu didn't meet Kr. Dunbar. ¥ou werebauly treated ^cruelly and mnu«tiy,treafeed— nobody' know that better than 1 But it's a I«ng4itne ago, ? Joseph— it's c very, very long - time ago. Bitter feelings dies out ol a man's breiat jaa ;fte years roU1-T— don't they, Joseph? Tiine: heakall old wounds, ana we learn to forgive others as «e hope to be torgiven— don't we, JaaephP1 - ' Iron may,' answered the reprobate, JfHeuud no more, tat sat silent, with J bis smu folded over his breast. He looked etrajght before him- out of the carriage window; but he saw no more of the pleasamt landscape,— -the fair fields of the waving corn, -with scarlet poppies and dark bine corn flowers, bright glimpses of Bttnlit water, and di'tant villages, with g«y church- ' turrets, nestling among trees. He looked out of the carriage window, and seme of earth's pleasaatest pictures «pedbv him, but he saw no more of that ever changing prospect than if he had been looking at a. blank sheet of paper. Sampson Wilmot sat opposite to him, rest less and uneasy, watching ihiB fieroe gloomy countenance. |The clerk took a ticket for his brother at the first station tbe train stopped at. But still Anheur passed {by, and he had not yet spoken. . He had no lore for his brother, The world had hardened him. The consequences of his own sins, falling very heavy upon his head, had embittered his nature. He looked upon the man whom he once loved and trusted as the primary cause of his disgrace and. misery, and this thought influenced hiB opinion of all mankind. *?? ? ? ? He could not believe in the goodness of any man, remembering, as he did, how he had osee trusted Henry Dcuobar. The brothers were alone in the carriage. Sampson watched the gloomy face opposite to him for some time and, and then, with a weary sigh., he -kew his handkerchief ever his tuna and unt hanV in the corner of the carriage. But he Hid not sleep. He ' was agitated and anxious. A dizzy faintness bad seized upon him, and there was a strange buzzing in his ears, and unwonted clotfls before his dim eyes. He tried te speak once or twice, bat it seemed to him as if he was power less to form the words that were in his mind. Then his mind began to grow confused. The hoarse snorting of the engine sounded monotonously in bis ears -. growing louder and louder with erery moment ,? until the noise of it grew hideous and intolerable — a perpetual thunder, deafening and bewildering him. The train was fast approaching Basingstoke, when Joseph Wilmot was suddenly startled from his moody reverie. . * There was an awful cause for that sudden start, that look of horror in the reprobate's face. Ohafibb IV. THE ST&OKS; OF SKITS, Thk old clerk had fallen from his seat, and lay in. a motionless heap at the bottom of the railway carriage. The third stroke of paralysis had come upon him ; inevitable no doubt, long ag» ; but hast ened, it may be, 'by that unlboked for meeting at the Waterloo terminus. Joseph Wilmot knelt beside the stricken man. He was a vagabond and an outcast, and 1 scenes of horror were not new to him. He had seen death under many of its worst aspects, 1 and the grim King of Terrors had little terror 1 for him. He was hardened, steeped in guilt, and callous as to the sufferings of others. The love which he bore for his daughter was, perhaps, the last ray of feeling that yet linger ed in this man's perverted nature. - . ~ But he did all he could, nevertheless, for the unconsoious old man. He loosened 'his cravat, ' unfastened his waistcoat, and felt for tbe I beating of hie heart. [ That heart did beat : very fitfully, as if the clarir'R wmrv until had been makinp feeble struggles to bereleasedjfromits frail tabernacle of clay. 'Better, perhaps, if this should prove, fatal,' Joseph muttered i ' I should go on alone to meet Henry Duntar.'. The train reached Baeingstoke ; Joseph put his head oat of the open window, and called loudly to a porter. The man came quickly, in answer tto that impatient summons. « My. brother is in a fit,' Joseph cried ; ' help me to lift him out of the carriage, and then send some one for a doctor.' The unconscious form was lifted out in the arms of the two strong men. They carried it into the waiting room, and laid it on a sofa. The bell rang, and the Southampton train rushed onward without the two travellers. In another moment the whole station was in commotion. A gentleman had been seized with paralysis, and was dying. The doctor arrived in less than ten minutes. He shook his head, after examining his patient. ? ' It's a bad case,' said he ; ' very bad ; bat we must do our best. Is there anybody with this old gentleman P' ' Yes, sir,' the porter answered, pointing to Joseph ; ' this person is with him.' The country surgeon glanced rather sus piciously at Joseph Wilmot He looked a vaga bond, certainly— every inch a vagabond | a reckless, dare devil scoundrel, at war witn society, and defiant of a world he hated. 'Are von— anv— relation to this pentle man P' the doctor asked, hesitatingly. ?' t es. 1 am his brother.' ' I should recommend his being removed to the nearest hotel, i will send a woman to nurse him. Do yon know if this is the first stroke he has ever had P' ' No, 1 do not.' The surgeon looked more suspicions than ever, after reoeiving this answer. ? ' Strange,' he said, ' that you, who say you are his brother, should not be able to give me information 'upon that point' 'Joseph Wilmot answered with an air of carelessness that was almost contemptuous: ? 'ltis strange,' he said ;'but many stranger things have happened im this world before now. My brother and 1 haven't met for years until we met to-day.' The unconscious man was removed from the railway station to -an inn near at hand— a humble, countrified plaoe, but clean and order ly. Here he was taken to a bedchamber whose oldfashioned latticed windows looked out upon the dusty road. ' * ', The doctor did all that his skill could devise but he could not restore consciousness to the paralysed brain. The soul was gone already. The body lay, a form of motionless and sense' less ciay, unuer tne wmte ooanteapaae; ana Joseph Wilmot, sitting near the foot of the bed, watched it with a gloomy face. .. \- The woman who was to nurse the nek man came by and by, and took her place by the pillow. But there was very little for her to do. 'Is there any hope of his noovering P' Joseph asked eagerly, as the doctor was aboat , toleave|ieToonL; , ? - 1- -?-, .? . -. - ?-??. ?- ' }. t y '1 fear not— 1 fear there is no hope i ??; . -Wmitie^rksonf^i: .'J£T;; ...,-.?. p* 'Very soon, ilhink. 1 do not bolieve th-i-: he' can last more- -than four and twenty '^faJQUrS; ? ? ^ .-. - ?- . .-. ? ? -' ?* — i --. ' The surgeon waited lor a few moments after saying thw, «xpo$itng some exeUmatioa Jof surprise or grief from the dying man's brother Mt there was none ; and with a hasty ' gobd erening/' the medical man -quitted the room; it was ; growing dusk, and ^he twilight shadows upon Joseph Wilmot'a face mide it, in ite Bullen gloom. .darker «?en than it had been in the railway carriage, ? ; ' I'm glad of it, Tm gbw of it,f* he muttered ; ' I Bhall meet Henry Dunbar alone.' The bed chamber in wbiohthe sick man lay opened out of a little sitting room. Sampson's carpet bagand portmanteau had been left- in this sittinfjroom. '?'? Joseph Wflmot searched the .pockets in the clothes that had been taken off his, brother's senseless form. There was some loose silver and a bunoh of keys in the waisooat pocket, and a well worn leather covered memorandum book in the breast pocketos the old fashioned coat. \- Joseph took these things into the sitting room, closed the door between the two apart ments, and then rang .for lights. The chambermaid who brought the candleB asked if he had dined. ' Yes,' he said. ' £ 'dined five hours ago. Bring me some brandy.' 