THE NORTHERN AREAS. I made an early start on Monday from the 'liappy camping grounds' of my young ** 'Bohemian friends,' in order that f.might have 'ample time to see the cultivated part of the Crystal Brook Area, and reach Port Pirie at a reason able hour. I crossed the site of the new Crystal Brook township, crossing thei rail otav -m the western sida. I haA not gone far until I saw the reaping machine at full work. The crops on the Crystal Brook Area appear to be earlier than any of the other crops. Indeed, when I reached Port Pirie I saw good samples of .wheat in bags being delivered at Galloway's store, l'his was a part of the Crystal Brook crop. I feel some hesitation in speaking confidently as to the yield' in the area. The crops sown early on fallow are as a rule very good, but those sown late without fallow ara poor enough, and some of them are wretched. I was told of a farmer who had cleaned up 33 bags from seven acres, which gives within a fraction «of 19 bushels to the acrer but ibis is exceptional. Some say the yield will be 15 bushels all round on the area, and others do not expect more than 12 as the average. I was sorry to learn that the fierce hot winds on Friday night had done considerable damage to the ripe crops at Crystal Brook, in uome cases several bushels to the acre having been blown out. Of some of the crops I saw, I must say there were nearer to 12 bushels than to 35, Probably few things give a traveller through the areas a more striking view of the. enterprise of the people than to see the very large quantity of land, in addition to that already under cultivation, which has been ploughed and fallowed for cultivation next season. South Australia is emphatically a wheat pro ducing 'country, but what she has done in the! past in this, direction is -very small compared with what will be done in the future.. It must be admitted that the growing of. wheat so fax north muat still be regarded in the light of an experiment; bui- the experiment so far has been fairly successful. Last year the crops on the areas were not bo large as they were expected to be ; but neither were they in other parts of the cqlony. The experiment to test the capability of the north country for producing average crops of wheat will now be put to the most rigid test, and if it be moderately successful over a series of years, South Australia will very emphatically be found to lie north of Adelaide — it may be north of Clare. On reaching Port Pirie I was amazed to.. see the extraordinary progress that had been made there. Out of an uncom fortable-swamp an important port has risen as if by magic, and on every hand there were signs of busy activity. The Government have acted wisely towards this rising township, in giving them a railway, in throwing up a fine embank ment to prevent the port being sub merged, and last, though by no means: least, in providing . a v water supply. ' Before the close of the year the water i : will be laid on by pipes from the source atNelshaby — a fine spring at the foot of the 'Flinders Eange, giving a supply of 20 gallons a minute. Nearly a hundred men were at work, tinder the superinten dence of Mr. Seymour, the Waterworks Storekeeper in Adelaide. These works, besides being an inestimable bootfto the residents, will tie reproductive, as a charge will lie made for the water. Last year, on one day,. 800; bullocks were found at the Government dam, where the supply is somewhat limited. The ceremony connected with what was called 4l turning the first tod ' of the rail way is described elsewhere, and I need say nothing further About it here. After the. ceremony, and the banquet I 'drove back to Napperby, where I was indebted to the courteous hospitality.of ;Jtfr. Bran di»; the Messrs. Bowman's Manager, and tiiBianfl=hgaTted wife/gnd-wlxere t alayed two nights. I left my fraontls there early on Wednesday mbrning, and learnt that Napperby was to'be visited in the course of the day by the A*torney-GenBrkj,,the Commissioner of PuBEc Vt'orks, and;^Qp.: Patterson, who intended visiting, under the pilotege of Mr. Brandis, the springs at Nelshaby. My intention was to reach Laiiit^. itMt evening, ipi^Sog' 'in1 irpon; Gladstone by the way; fheii on Thursday to push on for Jamestown j. and return from* Jamestown, ta Georgetown, and thenice home in any way thai prelierite^ itself. j The. road from lfj»ppie*by..'is lihrough . Hughes's Gap, in . the ^Plwderaf Range, a tolerably passable road in good weather. After crossing the -B«nge the entrance to Booyoolee is through agate called , not very euphoniously, or |n the ibest possible taste, .?' Zbrtorits QteteL'. 'trTaXr tarus' is not* just the word, but it is leas coarse than the actual one. On the Boo yoolee Area ' the crops are very fine ; thousands of acres were 'passed waving with rich golden grain, many of the crops evidently showing twenty bushels^ if not more, to the acre. There were paddocks of 160 or 200 S*cres all covered; with beau tiful crops, with not a stalk of wild oats or any other weed among them. Crossing the Eoeky River near to the Bpoypolee Station, which is pleasantly situated, and crossing the main road close to the house, I came upon the thriving little town ship of . . ' , . J Gladstone. It is nicely situated, and when the rail way is brought up to it it will be a town of ho small importance. It was laid out by Mr. Washington Moorhouse, and called after England's greatest statesman. Mr. Moorhouse built a flour mill, around which a number of houses soon clustered. I drove tip to the comfortable hotel kept by Mr. P. Blake,' formerly of Gawler, where I had the satisfaction of meeting a party of gentlemen from Gawler who,; like myself, were 'doing the areas. ' I had met them twice or thrice before in the course of my journey, and I was glad to see them again. We had a comfortable dinner at Blake's, and I dis covered that my friends -were en mute for Jamestown, and thence to the Burra. Very generously they offered to admit me to their travelling fellowship during the remainder of the Journey. By join ing them I should miss seeing Laura, but then I should reach home several days before I could if I went 'on my own hook,' as I had been doing before, so after weighing the pros and cons., I gladly accepted their generous offer, and better travelling-companions no man need wish to have. X dispatched my man and horses back to Georgetown, and cast in my lot with the Gawlerites ; and I found no reason to regret my decision. I missed Laura, it is true, which is said to be the prettiest township on the areas, but in exchange I obtained good fellowship and reached home some days before;! could have done according to my original plan; The prettiest building I saw on the : areas is the Bank at Gladstone ; there is in deed a singular looking chapel at George town, octagonal in shape, and lighted only by a lantern above the roof. It has a rather striking effect, though if the blank walls had been -pierced with win dows it would have been a more effective design. After dinner we started for Jamestown, . passing en route between fine crops, clean and- healthy looking, until we reached ' ' ? ' l ? Caltowie, another thriving township which owes. its recent origin to the settlement of the areas. Three years ago I passed over the ground on which the town now stands, and then it was simply an. old outstatien belonging to Mr. H. Hughes. Now it is a scene of busy industry. The inn is kept by Mr. A. Rheder, who with his good wife made us comfortable during the half hour we stayed. Mr. Munro, of Gawler, has established a sodawater, lemonade, and cordial manufactory in Galtowie, and, I believe, is doing well. It seems to be a curioue place for such an industry. All the land in the Caltowie Area appears of good quality, and the crops are. excellent. Many hundreds, if not thousands, of acres were under wheat, and almost as much land waB fallowed ready for the next season. Belalie. ' .- . ? Three years ago the, present writerj after a run through the. areas, ven tured the opinion that the finest land he had seen north of Clare was at Belalie. I am still of that opinion. Of all the crops I saw during my visit to the North, there was none equal to those of Belalie. This was one, of the original areas de clared in Strangways's Act of- 1868, and most of the land was taken up at £1 an acre. It was early settled, and it has taken the lead in the largeness of the; crops. Last year they were ' excellent, j and this year they are magnificent. I saw- plenty of fields which will give 25 bushels to the acre, and some that will run to 30 bushels. ' On the south-eastern side of the area, after leaving James town, especially, the crops were fine. The soil is a dark chocolate of great depth, and already the few farmers who have planted trees' around their home steads have been very successful. This is .one of. the.. pleasantest. sights, because when a settler goes to the labor and ex pense of planting, it is a sign that he means to make the place his home. Jamestown is the township of the; Belalie area. I must . again, .even! at the risk of being tedious -and egotistical, . refer to my former visit to this place three 'years ago.'. -Then I, drove over from Georgetown and saw- the surveyors' pegs defining the town. That) was all'; there was not the ghost of a building. Our party then encamped on the desolate plain on -which the township now stands, lighted a ~fire, and boiled the kettle, and had tea. Npw there is the largest, and in many respects. the most important, town on the areas. The site has been admirably! selected,' and; the settlersr-^have shown- their faith in its future prosperity Vby gathering there in considerable numbers. It is the centre of an immense agricultural district, -which stretches away on every hand. Our in tention was to stay there all night, and push on for the' Burra next day. There, are two Hotels, both of which seem to be largely patronised ; one is. kept by Mr. Jureit, formerly of the Hotel Europe, and the other by Mr. Edwards, formerly butcher in Hmdley-street. We drove up*-w-the--roTaier,-and-aaketL for aecom modation sfor -j the; -jugH^ ThA ^ood natured landlord told - us it was oat-rf the { qUektidn.' --'eEseiy bed- afiid -'evbry «ifi^;^4 ; almost ;eH|y; b^fird'-ii 'tiw; housj^,; was zic&a;&y;' engaged^; r Somet3iijig: tike 1$ persons turned up 'within Anhour, aH^wantiTig^accommodation. This, was by no means a pleasant look-out, and- two of our parity, went on 'an Exploring exrjedition to ihe other hotel^ Mid brought back the; melancholy intelligence that ii-tpp was quite full,- accommodation having, to.be provided for no less than 40 travellers, ffapjpily Host Jureit -was: ?yteH': suppli6d with firsfc-class provisions,, ad z We had a' comfortable meal,, after whach we went into Committee Ott-ihe situation/ W« could think of nothing better than to rest the Jh6rses until^idhightj, aid then sfeari'for the' Burra; ^This'^aii kot'ia pleasant, prospect , after '?% JLo&g; ^ day's journey already, ,. but it appeared to be \ tiie only course l open to us. A German's resources, however, are il limitible, and our host, when' . he got a fesr jninutes for quiet thought, showed himself: to be a Moltke in strategy and a Bismarck' in decision. He in formed us to our great delight that he thought he could manage to put us up ' if we were not^ very particular.' We had been but too long, to be ' very par ticular,' so we at once closed with his offer and gave up the notion of travelling ^0 more milea by moonlight. Up to after 11 o'clock we were kept in ignorance of Miu.Jureit's arrangements, and -shrewdly suspect he was not very clear about them himself. I took possession of the police trooper's bed, kindly vacated for the oc casion, and two of 'my friends slept on a mattrass on the floor of the same room. The room was not a large one, and we were just a little crowded, but that was better than travelling, over unknown roads on a clouded moonlight night. One of the other members of the party ob tained a sofa, and another made shift with a couple of chairs. We heard that in one not very large parlor there were nine persons littered down. All appeared to be very jolly, however, ..the .good humor and obliging disposition of the landlord holding out in spite of many provocations. ? - ; I turned out about 6 o'clock on Thurs day morning, and had a quiet. walk-round the township, which certainly surprised me. There is a large flour mill, which has been kept constantly at work through the whole year until within the last /week or two, when it was' closed for repairs. A large new boiler was on the ground ready to be erected. There are two chapels of considerable size for the place,, one be longing to the Catholics ,and one to the Wesleyan Methodists. There, is one really handsome general store and some smaller daes, butchers7 and bakers' ^estab- lishments, a blacksmith's and ia saddler's shop, a Bank, and many other buildings of greater or . lesser . importance. The South Australian Carrying Company had four drays, with teams of seven or eight horses each, encamped in the township all night, which made an early start next morning. The people complain rather bitterly about the want of postal and telegraphic communication. The mails run only twice a week, and there is no telegraph wire. This ought to be seen to before the busy season begins, or it will be a serious loss to the inhabitants and the district. They ought to have either the one or the other before the close of the year. The construction of the telegraph line from Gladstone would not cost much, and £1,000 or £1,500 would be well spent on such a necessary work. A meeting on the subject was held on Tuesday evening, when it was resolved to memorialise the Chief Secretary, reminding him of his promise to give the people telegraph facilities. We wish the Chief Secretary, in whose department the Post-Office and Telegraph Office are, would take a run through the areas, and see for himself the pressing needs of the settlers. Oil Thursday morning we started for the Burra, passing between magnificent crops of wheat, exceeding anything I have ever before seen in the colony. And yet I was informed that in .the Mannanarie Area they were still better; I met at Jamestown an . Adelaide merchant Sn'd ; one , of his travellers who had been ' r in \ , this area/ and they assured ; me that they had seen crops which, would' yield 40 bushek to the acre.- 'Agriculture is^tiUnushing out northward, snot; 9 considerable quantity of land has been taken up on Black Rock Plain. We passed the Cahowie head station, travelling through a .grand country, the most of which we were told was already, purchased by the squatters. It seems to $e a great pity that a country which would.support a thousand families should have got into the possession of a few sheep farmers. We do not blame them ; they were simply wise in their generation, DUt the system which allowed this was bad- ? \- When we had passed the Canowie Run the land appeared £b be of a less promis ing character, although in the Hundred of Hallett there is a large quantity fitted ! for agriculture, The Town of Wfllogb leech was our stopping place. It is just midway' between Jamestown and the Burra. Here there is a large and rbomy hotel, which we shbuld th^ does, a good trade.. After ^resting here we pushed oh to- the Buna.:. .: This country-is too. well known to require description here. Ati 6 o'clock we were comfortably seated in ^Orchard's comfortable hotel at Aberde^eii, 'pur rapid run through jfche areas being . brought'to a close. '. We shall reserve.for another occasion some general remarks suggested by the visit. ? j Mr. Holtje, storekeeper, ; met with ahi unfortunate mishap oh t tie Bay-road on Thnrs-' day; states the border Welch of Koyember 28. ' fi.B he was driving home with his wife 'and: Mrs. Kischbieth, he had to pass a number of! drays which had camped on both sides of the! road. A puff of wind caught a tarpaulin; dangling from one ot them, and the flapping: caused the hbrse'to swerve so sharply that all the occo pants of the buggy -were pitched Out. : Both the ladies were considerably injured, olre. Holija'a collar bone being pracked, and Mrs.: Risohbieth'd back braised, while Mr. Holtje' himself had his foot badly bruised. Something ought to be done to 'prevent teamsters camp-; ing on the Bay-toad, The practice is very dangerous in the face of the large traffio there is on the road, ° We ate itifbnned that leyeral; aa'»naps have ojpoorred' Jrom ,. it Ihia Mason atoeady.' ' '''' ?'?'????.-'.?????-'?:' 