PERSONAL IDENTITY. if., ye alluded in our first article to those Ic'ats of identity which depend" more or less "Lyon namely. The claimant of a name, who could trace the, events of the real man's life one by one, could show that he had received he sale education, and had imbibed the tone of the same society, who knew family secrets, and could identify himself to particular persons by recalling a scene in which only themselves had been actors, would undoubtedly come with a very strong case | £6 court. The impostor who has just been convicted in England was so singularly Favoured by circumstances that with a little more caution and industry he might probably have succeeded in baffling the law. He secured the services of several old dependants of the Tichborne family two servants, a drawing master, and a governess; he found a ready dupe in the Dowager Lady Tichborne, and succeeded in deceiving a thoroughly honourable gentleman who had been solicitor to the property. Had he been prudent enough to learn spelling before he corresponded with Lady Tichborne, to ab "train from talking about the estates till he knew about names and localities, in to pick up French as he had once picked up Spanish, the question of his identity might still be an unextinguished fire. Fortunately for society, he committed himself at first by a wild project of drawing money from Lady Tichborne, and from the Sydney bankers, without venturing to England. Hence the first sketch of his im- posture was singularly inartistic. Then, either flushed with the success of obtaining recognition from the dowager, and miscalculating the limits of human credulity, or because Steady application had become impossible to him from his softish habits, he neglected to acquire any knowledge of French. Serjeant Ballantine with great adroitness Jjegan by challenging the attention of the jury to the claimant's ill-spelt and vulgar letters. He justly felt that scarcely any change could seem more unlikely than that one who had Once written as a gentleman, and whose faults had only been such at worst as a well-educated foreigner might make, should suddenly have acquired the style and grammar of bullock-driver There are, indeed, cases which we shall examine more fully presently, where, in consequence of lesion of the brain, there has been a total loss of memory on some subjects. Latin general the knowledge thus lost is what has been recently acquired and whenever it was recovered, it is apt to come back suddenly and completely in its first form. Debarred this argument, it was only possible to suggest that the claimant, never well educated or clever, had gradually degenerated to a state of savage ignorance. But no serious attempt was made to show that instances of this kind were known. It is unfortunate that the question was not thoroughly investigated, for there are no doubt many cases of degraded gentlemen in Australia. It has been our own fortune, within 48 hours of Jiuak travel, to talk with a well-sinker who had been educated as a civil engineer, and with a horsebreaker who had sacrificed the prospect of a commission in the army by running away from home, and to read a manuscript novel by a London medical student who was then a shepherd in the district. In none of these cases was there any difficulty in believing that the man had seen better days. That a man, such as Roger Tichborne was described by the claimant's Counsel-a sulky and drunken cub, whose intellect was below par, and who had learned English as a foreign language, might . acquire some vulgarisms and inaccuracies during a long companionship with blackguards, would certainly seem probable. But we doubt if he could be so completely changed as to write Wapping English. One Brush variation particularly impressed us as Suspicious. Roger Tichborne habitually addressed Lady Tichborne as "mother." The claimant always wrote to bores "mama," thinking it, we presume, the more fashion- able appellation. It was a difficulty of the claimant's case that, whereas his bad English was partly explained away by the sup- position that French was in some sort his mother language, be was now totally ignorant of French. The Pall Mall Gazette, we remember, considered this in itself conclusive, and quoted with approbation the anecdote of a Roman emperor, who, finding in a similar case that the pretender to a nature and property was ignorant of Greek, which the real man had known familiarly, save summary judgment against the claim, Vice venture to think that scarcely any test of real value could be less decisive. "We happen ourselves to know several cases where the mother language has been more or less forgotten, and where an other is spoken in preference. instances where children have spoken French, or German, or Hindostanee up to a certain age, and have then forgotten every word of them, could be produced by the hundred. Roger Tichborne, it is true, talked and thought firm French till he was 17. But after that age he spoke English habitually, and if he had ever found his way to Australia, would unquestionably have spoken English only. Now, we know of a case where a family who had been long resident in Italy, came to reside in an English town for the sake of its public school. The three children, two boys and a girl, between the ages of 14 and 17, talked Italian fluently, and could hardly make themselves understood in English. At the end of two years they scarcely remembered a word of Italian. The peculiar weakness of Arthur Orton's case was not so much that he had forgotten French, as that, having for Rotten it, he remembered Spanish. One of the best points he made was in supplying the word "corrie" (post), which occurred in one of the genuine Tichborne letters, and which Chief Justice Bovill could not decipher. By all known laws of memory, he should have remembered the language which he had learned first and well, longer than that which he had acquired later in life and very imperfectly. On some of hisotherfailuresinmemory live should not be inclined to dwell much. The knowledge of most middle-aged gentlemen about Latin and Greek or Euclid is, we suspect, very hazy. Some we believe thought it incredible that he should have forgotten even the Greek letters. We can , testify ourselves to having forgotten the German alphabet within two years of the 1 June when we had been translating Schiller in class. One or two undoubted pupils of Stoneyhurst showed an ignorance quite as remarkable as the claimant's under cross examination. Nor do we attach much im- Jiortanco to the claimant's forgetfulness of drill. Young officers are apt to leave as little of their duty as they well can, and the genuine Roger Tichborne was by all accounts a very indifferent Soldier. But a man's book-learning is after all 'much less part of himself, even in the veriest hookworm, than his remembrance of his early life, of his relatives, friends, and acquaintance. It is indeed very difficult to determine the limits of memory. The late lady Ashburton used to say, as a child, that she had been present at her father and mother's marriage, and the recollection had to be whipped out of her. On the other hand, wehavokiiownagentlemanwhoassured us that but for the accident of having met an old school-fellow in the last year, he could not have mentioned the name of a single "day in a school where he had been for some years, and of which he had been head when he left. Our informant was a man of perfect veracity, one of Arnold's best pupils, had never suffered from illness that could im- pair the brain, and had led the quiet in eventful life of a country clergyman, taking Wins. And what happens to a healthy and 5 ill-conditioned man cannot be considered impossible or strange in the case of a vicious got. Again, there are certain known though infrequent cases in which an accident affect Jig the brain causes partial loss of memory. Aber crombie mentions an instance in which a gentleman who had been thrown on his head lost all remembrance for a time of his wife and family. Dr. Carpenter mentions a 600 more curious case, in which a girl saved from drowning, after long suspension of animation, had forgotten how to read or to write, and even how to feed herself. In this case the last knowledge returned suddenly, alter many months. in consequence of a violent . Knock to the feelings, which recalled, as if instantaneously, the old sequence of ideas, probably every one has known the somewhat similiar cases of paralytic or very aged people, whose memory seems to return only what Mr been burned into it, as it were, in youth, -rl0 ,.a¥6.ouiselves seers cases where the same families for 10 years was forgotten, and the face familiar for half a century remembered and again, where the yesterday's visit was forgotten, while the mind could disentangle dates and family relationships 60 years back. But even in testing recollections of, child, hood, which are unquestionably the most durable, much must be allowed for the' child's point of view, which measures proportions differently from the man's. The late famous Russian novelist, M. Tour guises, used to give a curious instance of this. When quite a child he was taken to the Tiergarten at Berlin, and had nearly fallen into the bears' pit, when he was caught by the sash and pulled back. Of the danger and escape he had no personal remembrance ; but he well recollected crying bitterly because his new cap had fallen off, and being pacified by the purchase of a straw hat with green ribbons at a neighbouring booth. Let us now test the case of the late claimant by these allowances. First, it must be conceded that if the story of the Osprey had been true it is not impossible that a young man of weak constitution, prone to drink to excess, might have been picked up after three days tossing about, with a brain dis- ordered by excitement, fatigue, sunstroke, and perhaps the drinking of salt water, and that the memory might have remained in abeyance till it was stimulated by some accident recalling old memories, such for instance as the sight of Bogle. But in this case all analogy would lead us to expect that the memory would return altogether; and as a fact, not only was this ground never taken, but the claimant represented himself as retaining his full memory during the whole term of his life in Australia. The claimant's own story of gradual degradation and growing forgetfulness was therefore the more tenable forgery, except that it altogether failed to account for the absurd neglect to communicate with his. family. Then came the curiously suspicious patchwork of rôiT.iniSCCIlCCS. T claimant remembered nothing about his French school, because, speaking only English, he could not pick up information. He knew a little more about Stoneyhurst, though even here, having to deal with gentlemen, he had been obliged to clean his knowledge cautiously and imperfectly. But he was singularly well informed about Roger Tichborne's regimental career, after he had once come to England, and put himself in communication with a few soldiers. He was often at fault about such family matters as are not discussed before servants ; but he knew enough of the actual Roger's history, of his habits and boyish escapades, to deceive many who had no special knowledge. There are few instances of more adroit fraud than his recollections of the walled-up door and changed picture frames, which imposed upon Colonel Lushington, till the first trial showed that the alterations in question were made after the real Roger had left England. It would be curious to know whether the incidents by which he sometimes recalled himself to the memory of honest witnesses had been gleaned from other persons' recollections, or were bad inventions of his own, imposed by sheer audacity upon the credulous country squires. His letter to Lady Tichborne about the Brighton case and the mole, shows that he knew how the mind could assimilate memories. On the whole, although the result of the trial has only been obtained at a most unnecessary expenditure of time and money, it cannot be regarded as altogether unsatisfactory. In the first place, future impostors will bear in mind that they must discard their old selves absolutely before they can hope to personate some one else. And this, given a motive and means for inquiry, is practically impossible. Clumsy as our police machinery is, and deficient as we happily are in the supposed safeguards of passports and local registers, we can check narratives of personal adventure in some very sufficient ways It was fatal to Arthur Orton s case that the Osprey, with its boat load of rescued men, was not mentioned in the entries of the Melbourne Custom house or alluded to in the Melbourne papers, it was almost conclusive of his own identity that he gave names of men with whom he had sailed in other ships under his own name Naturally, he knew nothing of the system in force at the Board of Trade, which enters and preserves the name of every sailor in every ship that bears the Intosh Hag Again he involved himself difficulties by not knowing in what way his supposed regiment had travelled from Ireland to Canterbury , a fact which could be established at once from old order books But had these criteria been wanting he could hardly have convinced a jury, though he might have escaped punishment Admitting, as we are inclined to believe, that there is no one absolute test of idOT1*lty, and that a man's physique manner, and mind may change in the course of 20 years and his memory be impaired, it is still certain that no court governed by ordinary principles of human reason could admit a case to be established where there was doubt in every single particular, above all where immeasurably better (rounds could be shown for identifying the claimant with some one else Mr Scott may have been right in saying that his supposed cousin's culture and manners were not worse than those of some country gentlemen The more important question was whether they were not essentially those of a Wapping butcher A curious point remains It has been suggested already in this journal that the claimant by long acting a part may at last have imposed upon himself There can be no doubt that this is at least possible, and we may picture the man to ourselves, if he ever leaves prison, carrying his bloated form into every public house where he can get credit or find theaters, and proBing lachry closely to be standers on the injustice he has sustained at the hands of the English aristocracy Such a scene would be agoodcoun terpart to the murderer who went copiously at Erskine s eloquence in his behalf, convinced, himself as well as the jury, of his en i the innocence Need we say it would prove nothing Every lunatic asylum has inmates who believe themselves to be something different from what they are-a king, a murderer, or even the Holy Ghost But it is curious to reflect that even a man's full conviction may not always be even plausible proof that he is what he imagines himself to he 