SPORTING NOTES. What with the recent arrivals from Sydney and thote previously fit work, flemtcgtonm the morn- iog is showing signs of the near approach of the cpring racer. Still, with the escep- ' Oi of ihoee bones engaged at Ballamt, the work done is not jet fast enoogh to allow one to form any ©pinion of present form. Means. FOgate's, long', ilomson'a, Harding's, Winch's, and Wei- dock's nags have been doing regular exercise, aa have also the New Zealand eta under charge of Ootfs, and Mr. Dakin'e pur. Diver and Fmato. Mr. Da Meitre baa divided hta string, pact oc cupying his old boxes at Joe Carter's and the others at the Beeeoomse boteL Mr. Isii'c string sa expected now every day, end it will egain be qmitered at Chad will's JUnrel betaU Lunond it expected to arrive with Sir Hercules Botenaen's horse by tbe City of Adelaide, and they will be located at Mr. Muchsli' as also will be Mr. Balm's page, under the charge of Bamasy, who warn shipped this week from Sydney in the Hero. Panbw has Oleaiiie and Planter at Fiemmgton. where also John Henderson, with Mr. Henry PbilHps's and Mr. EL Henty'a horns, have taken op their location. Tbe other westward horses, tuder the charge of Poole, Fwigi— ou, and Hugh Gallagher respectively, s'.U remain at Bsllsrat. It has been ra rocred with an air of authority that Bresk-of Dj is bong trained at Sl a !!»«, mid is another Djd Joan. We have it on the beet authority, however, that Midi is not the ease, and era certify by personal inspection that he was not there oil Ihfi orrss inn nf inn ravnl want ImL night hack. Hatry XothS, with Mr. Bconetfs Addsade horses, » at Fiemington, where also Mr. Rriuc'i jnnngiitf i s an oeesmsnal hteather hot are men generally emit in the pfrk ad- Mninghis house, lb. C. 8. Bicg has a comae of his own, but we hear good smwnli of his string, and that the Darby bocss Handover is nneemmenly welL Mr. EM Jdlell as mnal, m fTtriiir has rinsrrtrd the Greit Geotxe, and having beeasns the homtaes off the Newmarkst hotel, be has his horsm them edd Clfdopa, who looks well, beiig in good work on the training ground. Willaamstowa stably as usual, keeps its movements vary quiet, but we hear that Kong Tom, who looks and goes well, is a goad thing tar Bailout. As ths time draws nearer for the race and the horses go faster in their work, we will of course keep our readais posted up in all particular of training, but at present wa should only otmfaee thai by so doing, as no line ran be drawn from a horse going three quarter speed and finishing up with a mild spurt. His Mel bourns Hunt Ciub must have aertouelj O boded the clerk of tbe weathrr, for they never n«nto be able to geta fiae day for their aoeee, and mat misltnp, however veli planned, tfilrlom result is a pmde. but Sefardsy was no cxeep- raon to the xnle, for althoqgh theea was every posopedt of thine good mom lrr atted»ef tm the VJU.rsoeeouiM was comparatively poor, tho rtand being thi only place that was decently wall &ded;, die ladies, as usual, making that ansfobtly edifies prreenlabls by their bcsaiiiful faces and eecharcf c loilettes. U nfort anatomy, hovmr, the ©fob did not gain much by this, as most were ad- milted on the cords oi members either of the M.ff C. or YA C. The hill woe a misavahle abods for thorn who patrommd it, the keen, cut ting wind arhicb Mew along the face of its liywes extremely nwervaMa. Wi h the cadag heeif, however, no fault oonld he fonadf tat o't hough the Selling hlecpjechsae foil through, end tho Selling Hurdle Baes was reduced to a one- sided ms ch, the first three mom on tho pro grsisme brought good fielde to the port and pro vided exeeUant noniasta. Baaaafotsan «a w #| 11 1 " 11,1 qpqpMmwamaimirtimMi wwwgp amfipw , over brisk, and the member of the nag bad net a ray good time of it, as the winners of ths Hunt Club Gup and tba Open Steeplechase were wesy heavily hacked in tap jwddeek, and itUhoqgh mMw had anuut wn» mpected taewup in the Ji»dle Bstqmd of tbep mnsthsre dad cunsideraMe bslenpm on the mqg aide. Tbe oonme was in qplendid order forgoing, and as mol tha mansgement was first Itoe lujsdtieon wag wssfby of the nsm% #itoe» wbp pmd Ihcir &ie; ebpiipi oonld not IctW & j&fm; Ss 2f Moonrifo, and stripped in sery fine firtflm In flMiagpartaamhe wasa "upbHnn thia sam eitm, and the way m whish bo udl not the| fpr the difom was tw iSSw toair S mid to mdf find fbec Qfimqy, TeoAfe (torjcoOmd hun atlheiSaoee bis crtp mm sodden end complete. Tbe other three ned a greet fight, of is and how Xulhr dorewetod in our report. The winner Wfi» h«My thought of. Hwentformsnoe fa Sydney, where he wasmadep very botfatowfce «tas of each a mimraMs shpaefov that evanhie tmmediato frieoda thought his ehancs of tba for lorn xmnt fohf- Oonndcriag, top, thst ha had online! arrived oM a sea trip, It waa notfobe expsoted that bs would bast soob a field, but thst yon never oaa tail till tbe numbers ge np wae never better exemplified. We wangled to see the Messrs. WSfon xn the pigskin for this taoe, for it gives mnch greater oonfidencs to the nubile when thev ace asntlMasn ride their own horses. Maori, who was greatly fended for this caoe by ths Ballarqt division, end whq, in exjunction with Sheet Anchor for the Opro Steeplechase, was made a hot favourite for the double, never shewed prominently in the race, the pace at which Welshman cot out (he running bring eriden ly too much for a horse of his powers. A splendid lot af eleven hunters went out for the Hunt Club Cup, and More, who, be it remembered, bee before this, although not a winner, given proof of ability in public, was made the favourite in the paddock. His appearance was greatly in hie favour, and he promises to take a high rank in future over the sticks, and to rescue his sire Athos,from oblivion. Jewess, who won the Maiden Steeplechase at Warraamboot last autumn, was also muob fancied, but her looks betokened a good hunter slow and sore, but no racehorse. Cokweus stripped well to ths eye, but he was big, and wants another year or two before he can carry 12»t 8ib with credit to him self. We thought that we had never seen little denary look better. He was well trained end full of animation. Mr. Norman Wilson, who rode him, made a gallant attempt to cut his field down, but the lost half mile told its tale, and the llet 6.b waa too much for the little chesuut wonder to struggle home under, end he bad to be content with a moderate fourth place. Moro eni Colossus watched each other all through, and when Canary collapsed thej raced for the lead. The last fence brought Colossus to grief, and then Block Bess and Sailor chased Moro home. All the three first horses were ridden with great patience and judgment throughout, and al though he did not win, we are inclined to look upon the performance oi 8ailor as the best of the day. He is only four years old, and to run third in such a race under I0it Tib is no mean performance. Although Sbeet Anchor was fiit favourite for the 8:etpechase, both Bagged Jack and First Toes pressed him very dose. The result of tbe race folly confirmed the betting, as will be seen in the report, but it was only Sheet Anchors undeniable gameoess that brought him in tbe victor, aa Begged Jack had the best of it half-way op from tbe distance. Bo we lost his whip at the back of the omrsc and he need his cap ta flog his horse home, and that it served his purpose equally well may be seen ky the result. Owing to the next race falling through, we had a long time to writ before Spitfire wad Albert went out for their match. That it was a most one-sided one was soon evident, for Spitfire gained lengths at eaeh hurdle, and outpaced his opponent into the bargain. Half a mile or so frmn home Albert struck so heavily that be twistod Adderiey'a fog, causing him to faint and foil efij as that Spitfire cantered in alone. The day's spent was over in good time, so thai we all returned to Melbourne before half-past five. Although&ere; wexe several falls, there were no serious mishaps to chronicle, a bruised face to Mr. Inane Henderson, who rode Jewess for the Gap, being the wont ws have beard of. So far as the tataafSSM mMRna fifin finttaBA iw w— SUM MA IMA Mwawawajg raMtane RVMAtv WwftXMBg AIM l«Hy si W £Vy save that Gunter vfll he formidable over hurdles, and Moro likely to take a high position in the steeplechase world. Mr. W. G. Yuille reports baring sold by auction this week the Arab horse Bostoom to Messrs. Brier Brothers, of the Meadows, Bakewoad. This is one of the grandest 'ittie bones imported from India this season, and srill ha a great aeqmsitioa as a sire in tbe Western district. Mr. Yaffle has alsodmosod of private ths well known race mare The Qoaaa, by Axe of Clubs oat of Em- press, to Mr. Ghee. Podge r, of the Darling River, who takes her for breeding purposes. He has also rented the Ancs Arab Haifose to Mr. J. B. Chsnaiifo, of Jiarham station, River Murray, for the stomp The full programme of the Beodigo Jockey Club Spring Mtwtiqg appears in this israe, and a very good oat it is, as in addition to the two big handicaps already entered for, there are events to tot all dames of homes. The HnwHc Race has 100 sots added, and only 2 sots ate charged for entrance, and another 3 aovs for acceptance. The Steeplechase has a similar amount added, with the same onwditiona. On the first day there is tbe Bpsem Handicap, of a mile, a sweep of S sots each, with SO aovs added, which bould attract a liberal entry . and will prove a nice crumb for those who are disappointed in the bfoeeeats. The Ffrxag Stakes, on ths second day, is a similar nes, with the exosptioa that the distance it only thne qinrtars of a mik. For them two fort teem a nommrftim of 2 aovs is exacted, and the sweepstake has to be paid est acceptance. For flaw 'oar mess enirirs bars to be made eith«r with Mr. Bagel in Mel bourne, ot U e wen- taiy, Sandhurst, before 3 gun. Thesday, 20th intt. Acceptances hare to be made at the same lime as for the Sandhurst Onp and Becdige Handicap to the secretary only on the night of genera entry, Wedseiday, (be l£di November. Tbe Maiden Plate asatweeprtafce of Aeovaeech, with W sore added, for which en mlmnee ffo cf 2 mt» i. chafed. On tbe first day there i an ordinary Soiling Bam of 36 so and also a BeBfog Had Baaa. The eanond day eemeenees wnh the Sell 2®"' ">« wjw tfc rjin, hu4ian. il. atwgkcium. ud fen, it« i. > (TOP of ( MT. «dl, io «m id'd, lb. raww. 10 m fawn, piwtS'y'itfbril fSa fSSSSIm Oft «W«b> WJ >P _. jiirirrr r taforiwLand tarinsts having boress engaged ia these wffleleo tta to have e try for pone of tha orinor vacs. The entrias for tbe Keasfegtoo Park opening nyofirrr were made last Wednesday. Wtthlbe empttrt d tbe Hooter/ Stake which is hkriy to follthroogh, tho now plaoe of smusimsot has found fsvour with owners of homes. It will he seen that the proprietor, Mir, Oox, hee not entered any horses of his own, and ws art in formed that it ic his intention to refrain from so doing se long as these meetings take plsos under bis management. It will also be noticed that the quality of tbe competing nags is greatly superior to what is generally to be found at suburban mtffMiff, most of them being well-known per formers. Owing to press of borinem, Mr. Bond has been obliged to define tbe eflue of bandi- capper, but no doabt an effiriant substitute will be found to bring the homes together oo equitable terms. For the Maiden Plate them are seven nomination Neotsfieid and Duffer, tbe steeple chaser, representing the old division. The tbrre- y ear-olds, Hero endjOaet-Off, am both highly- bred animal, end reported fast at the distanoe, bat the most noticeable feature of this raoe is the nomination of three crack two- year-old fillies by Mr. Hurtle Fisher, that gentleman evidently thinking that wee fish are better than nee fish. The Hurdle Race his half a acore of really good performers in it, tbe only one unknown to fame being Harding's Othello. Morris Grifiia has nominated the Sydney bred Shakspeare, and from what we hear this horse only wantsa tittleschooUng to make him take a much higher rank here ot er sticks than be did in bis native land. There are nine for the Kensington Park Handicap, Poodle, Hesperus, Cyclops, and Gloom being about tbe best of them, although all the others have aim proved them selves fast at the distance. The Trot has received ten nominations, including all tbe cracks, aoc amongst them we notice the old bay mare White- foot, who used to be so conspicuous at the Groxton Park races. Iu the event of tbe two gentlemen who bare nominated their horses for the Hunters Stokes agreeing to withdraw, we believe an Open Steeplechase, sritb a liberal amount of added money, will be substituted, but should they decide to hold by their nomination, another race likely to draw will be added to tie programme. How ever, in the four events sow before ut there is ample sport provided for a pleasant afternoon, and we trust to see the public turn up in suf ficienl numbers this day (Saturdsy) w ioduce tits spirited proprietor to give us a few more of these rewxiovrdurtrg the current season He has gone the right way to work in exacting so entianomfoes from owners of horsm, and such liberality deridediy deserves their support. Tbe secretary requests ut to state that all horses nominated for these races will be allowed to have a gallop on the course previous to the meeting on the owners making application to him at his effi or to ths proprietor. The wrigfats forth® Hurdle Race and Steeple- chase st Bxiiorat, and also for tbe Telegraph Stake were declared last week. For the lsst rsee Mr. Bernard has succeeded in putting the six teen bosses entered on such equitable terms that (here should not only be a luge field at the post, bat an exciting contest as welL Considering the short distance of tho rase, however, Mr. Barnard mjgbt wall have adopted a higher standard. Ic fact had the weights been risen just 141b, the handicap would have looked all tbe better. New- bold aim Blue Peter, who are at the top of tbe tree with Set 101b and 8tt Sib respective/, are qaite capable of carrying weight for age at least, and it looks ridkuloms for high-cbss three-year-olds like Stoekbrtdge, The Hook, and Ada to carry less than 8t for each a J . :it . i vfoa. A w« wm mas UK wnouf DOMUaf next week with better opportunities, we will not go farther at present then state that to look for the winner in eoeha crowd is almost as difiUolt a task as to search for a needle in a haystack. Looking over ths weights for the Hurdle Boo we must again express ear surprise at again seeing Rory O'More asked to give weight to Proto who, over the eaaae coarse last aotomn, made each a splendid pmfoi manna. Doob fnl, c oridering his Sydney rurnnag, easnot eomplrinoad if Polka is in anything like her form of two years ago, she wffl be very dangerous. Pisa mistake to 1st horses in light just because they have been for some time oo the sick list. The Idsiaide hots Ail Fis is another animal thai seems to have had great eon sideration shown him, but with these exeeptioos the handicap appears to he s very fair on . The Steeplechase wesgfata are a pusxis. Why should Sbeet Anchor give Horisoo weight ? In the BoJ laiat Grand National, when (he boot wae oo the other 1m to the extent of fifth, and both were fit and watt, they ran se ckwe as could be, and they have not met since. It is ridiculous to penalise a horse so heavily for wincing sueb a xeee as that last Sstonlsy, when he had nothaug of any pretension to oppose him. The same remark applies to Bagged Jack and Doubtful wilt equal force. All Feuse and Nonsense "pr— 1 to us to be the only horses that aea have a ghost of a show with Horixw and to these three the tact should be confined, ffod Horixon been put eu a par with Prodigious, whom he essily best at a difference of IS the handicap would have been a f«ir one, hit we are greatly afraid that th> choree of a good race hu been thrown away by a mstadjus »(bt of the weight, sjm! that it is a mere matter © hseUh for Hotu m. The mtrive far the toe hendieepe and the St Lrger at the Western Boring Cub Meeting were mode fort w«t axd have ffStd re morkobly weli. there befog thirty three nomine the for tb# Hamilton Detrfot Car, lair y-utne for the Raring C%b Haodiosp, and thirteen tor the 8- Lege. Oeicg to the tacouveaxat i reset of the y«ar, host no Melbourne bovee has ein-ioatrd, but Mr iVJbya'i e'ring it »xtmidv :rorg, hiving no tne (has eix hottes in each ha-udtaep. In the Enger we notice two of the get of little Fob, end afoe Mr. h««# 8W>, t by tbe Arab horse Racket. We have hncd n meet Ami about this ret, his owner thinking h%hj of him that he h night Moonshlae, the finnffBunu Arab Imported by Mr Mitchell, for a a nd hers fnurdrrte acta few msec like hia. WeshaH therefore foil forwsd with tome onrMiy to ace haw (foe hslf son afYfce' dsartft , pifom agsiast Or m ggflfi|l|gglM2foNl3£wridhrtgffflhmfiimeei? fitiiilhii Miliili fktoftt MpsStoZfoC rtfiultatotoiwai tttlfotyJidfoSi Omp, allfouewgfost Peek, IV fispdZTjl be fieove.eseh, the winner to snesfoe fbrn fiihi the aseond andfthief the thfsd sMdtfcjS expenens. This wffl hee geed oppevtaortr for S shots of the sister coiosdse irnmmSTvZ eswJCrfoi Jbfioa M«fhMiMao w A strsoctn fnm ttieamnoume csnsfe ana nodoato there wffl boa largs antsy, whish will umke the prises well worth winoiog. -nftiufoi S eors must be mede srith Mr, SevsrTstS Plrinee of Wales hetet, Beurke strath baforng pjn. oo Mnadsy, Ifith October. Tba haadima will be mede by Mr. W. J, Hsmmeirtsy, aodS publisbed on fiSad Oetobsr. Irnsrisiim msim tag 3 sors,, balance of awasp, must be lodged with Mr.Sayer before S pm. oo Moodmr, fiodlfovsm bar, and it is espmesly netified Hud anyone entering in n wrong name wffl fat disgaslifisd. Messes. Hearn sod Harding having withdmwn from ths Kensington Park flaatorpltesflfsehsm. the proprietor has substituted an Opto fftsiph chase of 30 sore, with a sweep of 3 sot for which, as will be seen in our advertising ariuam entries close at A pjn on Tuesday nast. It will also be seen that Messrs. M0uiiccfa, Gsmpbsi'. and Go. will on ths same day sell the right ta (he two booths, one under the standi and tha other inside Mm paddock. The full entries for the Wyodham races ap pear in this issue, and it will be seen these is ample sport provided for a pleasant afternoon. The course eon easily be reached from town by train to Wcrrihee. Syren was scratched for be Melbourne Gup on the 14th September. Mr. J. J. Miller's b g Croppy and Mr. Hicks' Bolivar, having been accidentally omitted from the list of nominations for the Kensington Park Trot, have been added thereto and handicapped. 