HO WtfeiiOBT Bi [?] , ' Lucky feplfe'jou !' said my frien ! IH s left thff||uee tegether/CT KB Jjgcvagaged Hie dissolution vftfofr gggjj /ffijjfcave & #i#ty in jour peg. VfolS 9 to begiu agai JjP HI the facer J W asm, pi Walwyn, upon wo 9 I looked down a ,the 9 t - u ecure teat. fcaiH passion of a man vi:s s < T > jara ' Upon my word/ I said, . 0n H about it. The county will have Mil soon i not be bothered with it. Biitv S gill me next to nothing/ Ml There you go/ saidifordonyx saragek.-i/LN f||i next to nothing ! Ob, yoa lucky diTU ! daresay you won'i spend a couple of handrJV iSi your election. ' 'Abbot seventy-five is the usual ife ? replied ; and upon my word, I think . --3 worth of it in butter, and eggs, ad i saddles of mutton the people send me in IS! of the event/ Ugh!' cried Sardon5x, groaning sgsmxvi, >11 you ought to put down a couple of thousand least, at the Carlton as a thank -offering . . lit perhaps you'd better hand it over to me. for six, at lash You woa't P Hard-hearfwi A M brute, farewell !' Next morning I had a letter from »: fef 1 'Whip:'— ' Dear Waiwxk,— I may tell you, in«xU R'| confidence, that the chief is determined foT&» (A thing everybody had known aboofe a ' 'You're ail right at Cabaant, I suppose. keep your eye on GimbaiL To your - ,ff Israel !' 1 Ta a particular reason for not wishing tala,, 1 town juet then, ana it was with great reluctanea that I ordered my man to pack my thing; meet me at Eustoa for the five o'clook eimu Mil There was no fear of anybody coming foJriij Pl against me ; but I felt that I ought to go don ' to make arrangements. As for G-imb&li;, that s pi absnrd. He'd never dare to do such a thiw 111 Why, my father had been the making of ||1 and to think of his coming forward against mi Ip Pooh ! he wmld be laoghed oat of the coasty. - jAg Hitherto, as Sardonyx had told me, I had beea a lucky feliow. I bad been left an orphan adj #'1 and came into the estate at my majority, wiihaSw - accumulation to start with. I had founds wfi in Parliament waiting for me withont trouhfo <r 111 expense. Certainly I speedily got ridoitijgio. cumulation, and had dipped the estate since ; but I enjoyed rmself considerably in thi : ® interim, and had accumulated a fine fond sf «. y perience. . Penwslyn, my place in "W ales, is not a favocriki l||l residence of mine. It is a damp and glooi&j; M|f house, surrounded by ancestral trees that seenic distil green mould, and is a dozen miles fan lis any wiie e. It is very little changed since uj MS great grandfather's time : the furniture is of fram date, I think, and the rooms are of that period- dark and dull. The hall is the only deceat pha in the house, and is hong with the portraits my ancestors. I .have not much respect or b; 1 ancestors— I believe they were a coarse raffish 1st, and ate and drank a good deal more than ra J|1 good for them or their descendants. But tim 1 are some good portraits. Sir Whipple Waliqn, ; i|l by Vandyke, a man with a peaked beard, id Jjl hair hanging down over his shouldera ; ta i'-a | courfclyjiamter has subdued the glowing, tint in his nose, but there il is, nevertheless — the fsmilj Jig badge. The next is a Lely : Lady Gwenddn ,f| Walwyn, a court beauty of Charles IL's time; J|| decollete, simpering beauty, who first infreduod good looks into our family. Tnen there is Sir 'J||j Peregrine, by Hudson, in a tie wig, blue-vdnl coat, and white'aatin waistcoat, and the glowing red nose, characteristic of (he familys that aafev si one think that Lady. Gwendolen, his mother, vw /||i perhaps a good deal belied. A sweet girl's hot |||| by Sir Joshua, is the charm of toe collection, #! she it was who kicked over the traces so ses foundediy, whose husband was killed in a dud ;! about ber, and who bolted afterwards with thr » . survivor. ; On the whole, X had jost about u sow ; | A 'spend a week in the family vauis as at Penwa ' J I've the greatest possible objeotiou to a plaostid <||j seems to reek of deceased ancestors ; end I sympathise .most earnestly with those Priw® '-Hm fellows, who, they teli mr, rather than ishaMi house in which their parents have died, poll it u&fl; down and build another. g|| I got to Penwalyn next morning at devenorat ||I and sent for my steward, Bowland Evaas, to Wm lives just on the outskirts of the p»rk l fo_-||| queerest-looking fellow yon ever saw. He wosfl :r| a t&U; flufiy hht stack on' the back of hiskosi ||| his eyes are long and narrow, and he genenfy keeps them half-dosed ; he has a hooked aw ||1 and a mouth that is always buttoned op tigbl ||1 into an expression of care and anxiety. Hi > dressed in grey Welsh tweed, and carries is d ©vj hand a voluminous umbrella, in the ethw J, square basket opening with a couple of flap the top. ' ' 111 I was waiting for him in toe busittsi»-w®» M||! little room looking out on toe park, tb®,o»f &1 pleasant room in the boose, as I think, wbi»i generally use when I am at Penwalyn. A tcM as he came in, he deposited his basket on tbewft ; n put his hat on the top of that, and balanced®! .ma umbrella across them. When he had dooej ||1 he came and aoooeted me very warmly. has knewn me -ever since I was the your thumb, and is, I believe, sincerely JH to me. .»> U| ' How do you do, Master Bichard ? Ho. JH they get on in London; eir, and at the house P Indeed, I am very glad to see I have brought yen a few eggs, sir, wad fre h butter, all made at home, sir/ _ . ij|| Thank yeu, Evans. Yes, i'mall righ|» f . 1|| toe Parliament, they're going to dinolwH ' Dear me, Six Birftard'; wbrira pty> a fine Parliament as it was ! Well, moe) , whet shall we do next ?" mP ffflH ' The next thing is a general election. pose/ said I carelessly; 'but we're to d'G dmSir Bichard : wall now, Idon't 9 there is no bounds to the presumption :fl| people.' . JH 'But nobody wonld oppose me m_ v vAH connty ; the thing's impossible, Evans! sH Tis that distressful Gknbsll, sir, . H to foar ; none ether for sura. iJh£ to his folly and aseuranoe. He w?V;adeed chance against you. Sir Bichard ; bok . H fear he means to toy. So I have Wptd fl but I wouldn't have you to go too muc» |HI I say, sir.' . stated H| Ihii coincided very disagreeably wt p |gH Whip had told me, and I was a gooo » ! ij$9 (toYvei fche i0tfllligence. I didn't fear the result Sf Toontoat, but I found myself all of a sudden likfllv to be called upon for a considerable sum of money, and I might look forward for the next Sree months to a constant sojourn at Penwalyn, I nalirened by incessant canvassing and entertam- los all the county side. And I had hoped to I Mre been able to slip away to Italy, where I 1H0 Ruddocks (I was awfully spoony on Hilda I Ruddock then) were going for the winter. I aimball was a retired lawyer, who had made a I -rest fortune (with all kinds of rascality, I've no I Kubt) and settled down in Cadnant, where he I Siilt a house twice as big as any other in the I county. As he was constantly giving dinner I arties and balls, and so on, he had become rather I Dular in the neighbourhood, and he was alwayB 1 P«dv to head a subscription, whether it was for I Ilhsoel or church, er to replace Morris Pugh'e I o that had died of the measles. Such a fellow I s that was no end of a nuisance, always leading I nne into expenses and bothers. Then he was very I gtive as a magistrate ; and as he didn't care about I shooting himself, not knowing the stock of a gun I from the barrel, he was always making capital by I Istting off poachers, and generally bidding for the I aoDlauae of the mob. But I never suspected him I suh treachery as to Bupplant me in my own 1 JTnf Dest thing I could do, as I thought, was to 1 bwd the man io his own den ; it might be that H U this was only idle rumour, and that I wsb die. 1 auietw17 mysolf for nothing at all. It's the best 1 oilicy to be plain and straightforward in these matters. Yes, I'd drive over and see him at once, sod put it to him plain and plump : « Are you B ffong to stand for the county, or is it all a lie I that people are telling about you ?' m Taere was a little difficulty about the convey- 1 M The carriage-horses were at grass, M i0(j i had no saddle horses down here. The nag I that was kept for the use of the house had gone H dead lame, and I should have had to send half a I dozen miles for pOBt horses. Evans kept a trap, I knew and I asked him to drive me over to Rrynooed, Mr. Gimbali's place. He was quite B overpowered with the honour I did him, and went B Off to get ready his trap. B It was about six miles from Peawalyn to B Brjnooed, rather a bad road, but Evans's little B poiy scrambled up and down the hills at a capital B pice. We O9m0 in 9bout aa hour t0 a 8ate B leading into the domain of Bryncoed j there was B no lodge there, and as Evans was driving I jumped B down to open the gate. I was about to swing it B when Evans had driven through, but was B lapped by a hail from behind me. Bi 'Hull" ! young man, hold hard !' The speaker ffi visa young girl, mounted on a handsome black bone, who had just oantered up on the turf. B Ho de do, Evans,' she went on, nodding in a B friendly way to my steward. « You've got your B boy home then, have you ?' B ' Blees the young lady no ! Why this is Sir B Richard, Miss Qimball 1' But she bad cantered B sway without listening to the explanation. What B an extraordinary thiog, sir, to take you for my m do, sir !' B 1 bad observed that she was a very pretty, B piquaute-looking giri, and wondered how it was B that I bad not made her acquaintance before, till Hi remembered that I had not been down for more B than a few days at a time for several years, during B which period Miss Q-imball had no doubt emerged B from the pupa state of short frocks and frilled B trousers. B R is a pretty place, that Bryncoed, built on a B green lawn sloping right down to the brink of the Hcharming estuary of the Tyr; a bright-looking Hmodern house with plenty of light and air about it. Ha little yacht was moored in the river, and a couple |Hof boats were lying on the strand ; the cheerful Stones of a piano echoed from a French window HBopening on the lawn. I heard the sound of voices Band laughter. |B A very cheerful-looking servant opened the door and took my card. He looked more serious Bwhen he returned. Indeed the whole bouse seemed HK&U; at once to have assumed a sadder aspect. The mm disappeared behind a cloud, the music ceased HjjHMdenly, the voices and laughter ; but I was mpm to the omen . BB 'Master's very unwell,' said the man ; ' too ill Hut) see anybody, sir.' B8 ' My business is very important,' I said. ' Who the mistress of the establishment ? I whispered to Evans. B| 'Mrs. Feudergap, bis sister, sir, replied Evans. H| ' lake my card to Mrs. Pendergap, and ask if I can see her.' I was presently shown into a drawing-roem, Hbere Mrs, Pendergap joined me. She was a very pleasant, brisk little brown woman, one of Bthat jolly sort who do all the talking themselves, sud yet don't bore you with their clatter. She BB divined my purpose in a moment. j| 1 About the election isn't it ? Poor Edward, tty brother-— such a disappointment ! Yes ; it's |B?0 He® making a secret about it now. He fully intended to oppose you. Now, poor fellow, his H thoughts are entirely weaned from worldly mat- Bters. She passed her handkerchief lightly over Hhereyes. 3 BB 'Bear me,' I said, quite distressed that I had H| intruded my affairs into this sorrowful house j ' I nad no idea. Is there danger ?' |Ba Immediate j O, no j but these attacks- - W distressing. I daresay he'll see you. I'll go BBad prepare him for your visit. B Ry-and-by I was ushered up into the sick room. " shaded and darkened, and I could barely Uhl man's great hooked nose, Prominent drooping eyelids. He was sur- unded by a battery of physic bottles. His hand J ®ufBide the coverlet, and be took mine in bis WW pressed it feebly. Was - fee yu iQ this way,' I said. I really tha| 8 touohed at the sight of my enemy i trivial,' he whispered, in such eeasons of JHT- ,n®88 1 our little chiieret.ceB of parlies and Bbv »i> a?Pear I'm giad to see you, and shako you . ad. If 10 ever ssid er done anything f sive to you, Walwyn, forgive me.' on ' mention it,' l replied; 4 bygones, and ButerJi 1 t®li you the truth, I heard that ycu to oppose mo for the county. I'm glad 'O w rumour is falsa.' jji » Walwyn,' ho whispered, 'do I seem to be iHbnno!-?- man fc0 PP8e anybody ? I have had Hpontion enough ; I should like to make my Wlth all the world now.' IMbe in" ? very 8atwf»ct«ry Btate of mind to IEh? ' , ,the 8ame tim® the conversation wasn't Jllvely' ftnd 1 was 8l»d to make my B/y0® the siok room. B| t ®u J fek® your luncheon with them,' he said, Bbsl a!!! 0Ut s ' do» ifc wil1 Please me, and I shall mat our reconciliation is sincere.' Btfisafo ®n0Ugh,and glad to have luncheon. iCd woi'j v , d come home from her ride too, was delighted at having treated Sir Biohard Walwyn as the steward's son. We were capital friends direotly, and I felt altogether so comfort able at Bryncoed, that I thought with a shudder of returning to dim Penwalyn, the ghosts, and the family portraits. After lunoheon, a message came down from the siok room : ( Ask Sir Biohard to send for his traps, and stop the night.' Well, I hated the idea of sleeping at Penwalyn so much, that I was tempted to stay j and cer tainly Qimball's was a very jolly house, and every body tried to make me comfortable. Old Evans didn't like it a bit. He sent for me before he started home, and when I went out to speak to him, he pointed gravely to the wheel- traoks on the principal drive. There was oex- tainly a good many of them ; but the doctor, and the parson, and the lawyer, and sympathising inquiries would aooouut for that. 1 Bo you remember, sir, the story of the jackaeB and the lion who was sick ?' ' I don't see how it applies to me, Evans ; poor old Qimball isn't likely to eat me.' 'Well, sir — well indeed, I wish you would come home with me, Sir Bichard.' I wasn't going to be put off a pleasant evening by Evans's nonsense. I believe he'd like me to sit in the xnildle of my hall at Penwalyn and drink strong ale to the sound of the harp, as my forefathers might have done, with the oook and kitchenmaid and Mrs. Bichards, the housekeeper, joining in chorus. Qimball bad a capital oook and excellent wine. Both Miss Qimball and her aunt were good musicians, with beautiful voices, and I spent a moet pleasant evening. Next day we went out in the yacht, had a delightful sail, and lunched en board, and reached home, tired as dogs, just in time to dress for dinner. Oouldn't go home that night either. The best of it was, I felt so secure about the election. Nobody but Qimball could run against me with the shadow of a chance. Qimball I had eafe. I might enjoy myself as I liked for the next few days. Then I might think about business; about getting out my address and making arrangements for the walk over, Next day I went home very reluctantly, I was desperately smitten with Lucy Qimball, and I think I should have made her au offer then and there but for one thing— I couldn't qnite get over her apparent heartlessness. She didn't seem to care a button for her father's illness ; except for a minute, when reminded of it, perhaps she'd put on a grave face, and then she'd be as jolly as ever next moment. Now if she didn't care for her father she wasn't likely to care much for her hus band, after the novelty of the thing was over ; and this consideration ma te me haul off a bit. I bad a horrid bad night at Penwalyn. I dreamt I was buried alive in the family vault, my funeral attended by all the dead Walwyns — all sorts of horrors. Just before daylight I had a dream that a good deal impressed me, it waB so vivid and real. A venerable old man with a long white beard appeared before me ; he had a very angry scowling face, and after looking sternly at me for a few moments, he said> 'Silly boy, what it costs the souls of men to acquire, you fling away for women and trumpery !' There was something so fiery and life like about the old man — I recognised, him at once as my grandfather, whose portrait hangs in the dining-room over the big buffet — that I was involuntarily staggered and affected. I couldn't sleep after that, and rose and dressed and went out into the park. It was a charming morning, the sun had jnst risen, and the sky was filled with pink gauzy vapour, which in constant movement and change parted here and there, revealing purple mountain rangea and glowing peaks and pinnacles of rock. My heart Bmote me when I thought of my neglect of this my ' own county, and my running after foreign gods. I made half a resolution to amend, and take to better ways. J ust at that moment I came to a spot where the road, the principal drive to the house, is cut through a range of rocks, leaving on each side of it a scarped precipitous face. Trees growing from the rocks above unite their branches over the road, the road itself is almost choked with bracken, ferns, and wild weeds, and when you have penetrated this tunnel of greenery, there opens upon yon a pleasant vista of the river valley beyond, with a strip of sea in the distance. Qre&t; was my astonishment to see this charm ing natural grotto defaced by two huge staring placards posted on either hand on the fiaoe of the rock. They were printed in double columns, one side Welsh, the other English. ' To the free and independent Eleotors of the Oennty of Cadnant below that a stirring Badicai programme, and attached to the msnifesto the name of Qeorge Qimball. In considerable agitation I harried on to the house of Evans the steward. On the gable-end of his barn was posted a similar placard. He was coming oat of bis gate as I feached it. 'Evans,' I cried, pointing to the address, ' Evans, what's the meaning of all this ?' ' O, don't you know all about it, Sir Bichard ?' said Evans, looking at me reproachfully. ' Haven't yon been staying at his house all the time that he has been canvassing the connty, and never a word from you against him ? Why, Sir Biohard, half your own tenants have promised him ; for they thought there oould be nothing against them as long as you were so friendly with Mr. Qimball ; and I had no instructions from you, sir.' ' Bat he was ill in bed all the time, my good fellow." ' Ob, sir, then you've been deceived bv him. He's been soouring the county far and near, and everybody said that you were going t o resign in his'favonr.' ' The sooundrel !' I cried, grinding my teeth with rage. Why, one might have been on one's guard against such a ruse among a tribe of savages.' ' Savages or not, sir, everybody says as he's sure to come in.' And he did too. I never could win back the advantage he got in having the start of me. My own side looked sus piciously upon me, and nobody supported me warmly. I made desperate efforts to retrieve my position, and spent money like water ; but ft was all of no use. At the close of the poll the figures were, Qimball 8765, Walwyn 8257 Since then I've been living .abroad. The election cost me six thousand pounds, and that, on the top of other encumbrances, necessitated patting the estate to nurse. As few Lucy Qimball, she married a cotton-prince from Manchester — —and I wish him joy of her. — From the Decem ber number of " Belgravia." A little girl was walking in the cemetery of Pere-la-Ohaise, at Paris, and reading one after another the praises upon the tombs of those who slept beneath, suddenly exclaimed, 1 1 wonder where they buried all the sinners ?' 