THE VOICE IK THE NATIVE OAK. Twelve. years a«o, when I oould faoe High Hiaveirs dpme -with different eyes— In days fuO-flbweied with boon of grace, * And nighte cot eod with Eighs I shaped a fcong in which I strove fIVi slioilfAr fnrf.h 4-hv etonin tit »M Daifc, widowed stsfer of the grove,— Twslve pasted years ago. But Youth?™ then toe young to find ' Those high, authentic syllables Wibse voide is Uke the -wintering wini ; Sy fiuoleflB mountain fells j - ' Nor Jiafl I sinned and suffered then '' T6 that sup«rtative degree.' ' That I should rather«eek than men TVUd fellowship iriththee. ' But he who hears, ttis aiitumn diy, ; Thy more than deep, autumnal Thyme, - Isone wkb»e hair Wrb shot with gTey ' ' ? ?? By Grief instead -of Time. :.-..? v. He has no need, like many a bard, ? , To si&g; imaginary pain, Because he bears, and finds it hard, The punishment of Gain. '' No more lie sees the affluence WJiioU makes the heartof Nature glad ; For he has lost the fine first sense , Of.B^utythatiehad,' r The old&tkght; GodTs happy broete ? - Tya» ?wnt to give,' to grief has grown ; And therefore, Nitfbe of trees, ?? His song is lite thine own. , . ? But I who am that perished son! . Have wasted so these powers of mine, Thit I can never write that whole. ,' 'Pure, perfect speech, of thine. , .Some lord of words auguat, supreme, . The grs-Te,graii4 melody 'demands — The dark translation of thy theme I leave to other hands. ' Yet here, where plovers nightly call ? AcroAsjdim melancholy leas — 1 Where comes by whistling fen and fall ~ ' The moan of far-off eeos — ? ??.?-? A grey old Fancy often sits BeneaU) thy shade, with tired wings, And fills thy strong, strange rhyme by fits With awful utterings. Then times there are when aU*he words Are like the sentences jof one, Shut in by fate from wind and birds, . Andlightof staxsund sun ; ? ? NodsaiUng dryad, buta dark, : ? ?? ? Pream-haunted spirit, doomed ts%e ? Imprisoned, crampt in bands of bark, For aU Eternity. : Y«a, like the speech or one aghast At Immortality in chains, ? .. What time the lordly storm rides past 'With flames and arrowy rains ! Some' wan' Tithohtu of the wood ?White witbLjm^easnrable years, An awful ghost in solitude' ? With moaning moors at d meres. AnH when high thunder smites the bill, And hunts the wild dog to his den, Thy criea; like maledictions, thrill And shriek from glen to glen ! As if afefehtful memory, whipped . -Thy soul for some internal crime That left ^ blasted.blina, and stript, .. A dread to Death and Time. ? ? .^ But when the fair-haired August dies, And flowers wax strong and beautiful, Thy songs ire stately harmonies By wood-lightB green and cooL Most like th'eToice of one who shows Throughjpufferings fierce, in' fine relief, A noble patience and repose— , A digiai^ m gnef . - , . : But, ah! coneepfiini Cade away; ' And still the life that lives in thee The soul of -thy majestip.lay— Bcmoins a mys'tery. ' , ! , ., , , And lie must speak the speech divine, The .language of ,the high-throned lords, WhoMgive'tuat grand old .theme of thins Its sense in faultless words.' ;?.:.,' By hollow iands, and sea-tracts harsh With mil «f the fourfold gait, .. - ' Where sighs the wage and sobs the marsh, StdUw«iltby-waiy.waiJ.1;. { ? . A«a. year byjaar, pne step mil break Xbe deep of far hUI-foloed etimms ; And seek, if only forthy Bake, ' Thvhome »f many dreams. ?- ? 7 ? HBNBY KENDALL. June, 1874. Vegetable life depends *e much '«n vital func tions for its preeervation aB animal life. -But the way trees axe treated ordinarily, in their removals from one location to another, indicates a very Umited knowledge if physiological laws. Plants repose at night like higher, organizations, waking in the sumlight of mom ng, invigorated and refreshed. Through the long, te oioUB months of winter, they sleep profouadly. While the leavos are green and vigorously performing a series pf labours, preparations are made for. a. coming season of oold, ice, snoW, and 'other Influences which reduce the vital force to the lowest point without destroying it. That is ^he best time in the life of a tree for trans planting it. : That busine'w is admirably managed in 'ranee. They -lo.n- think of .waiting for a mere stack to grow into a broad, spreading tree, . No, thayselec: Bpiendidly deyelopad trees, with waving branches, and place /them ' Vflww'thelr grind appearanoe will 1)6 ad OvBB- papssiNG Wool.— Complaints are made oflover-prosangof wool. Auorraspondentin London, says : 'fSome wools have' lately come here that have been squeeaed into a compaot pulp, which when tiibi; ouehly caked and iried, would almost need a pickaxe to epea np, and4 only' for the price, might be a capital substitute for asphalte paving. Boms -friends of ours mention some wools, they had caked in this way, that fetched 2d per lb. less than the same mark realised in. reasonable bales. Jt' is ' possible for Bhipowners^ and captains to bo too greedy in trying to get, an Morduiate number of bales into a ship, and perhaps they are led to this by the ereid ofjhippers in exacting 'a too low freiirht.'^- DuMm Dispatch. ,,. ? ?. , ;? '%.' l- 