LONDOK : July. 9. In tho Fronch Assembly the discussion on tho inlerpollation reforring to the Oomto de Ohatn bord's manifesto- has -boon rosumed. ' ' : The modorato Loft and the extreme Loft combino with the Legitimists. Tho issue is doubtful, and the position of the ' . Ministrv critical. July 10. The Nubia arrived at Gallo on tbo 7th instant. In the 'French Assombly the Legitimist motion has been defoated byn. majority of 299. A subsequent motion re-proclaiming . Mac- : Mahon's powers, and supported by Government, ? was rejected by a majority of'38. It was t hen .resolved by a, majority of 24, -to pass to the Ordnr.of.the day. ?t Although 'this was . a -practical Ministerial success,- the Ministry have tendered thoir resig nation. MacMahon has addressed a message to the Assembly declaring his powers irrevocable, and demanding tlie immediate organisation of those powers The Assembly refused. A motion for dissolution was then proposed. Primitive Methodist New Chuboh, Spring Hill. — To-morrow, services in connection with tho opening of the above church will ? be held, when 'three sermons will bo preached — morn- ing,' by Bev. J. ' Gardiner ; afternoon, by Dr. Hughes; evening, by Bev. J. Buckle. The same number of sermons' will also be preached on the two succeeding Sundays. On Tuesday, the 28th July, the opening soiree will take place. — lea being announcod for half-past six o'clock.. Several ministers and gentlemen may be ex pected to luko part in the meeting. In connec tion with ;the- opening of ' the -church a boiir8etorieet.ures.wlii bo given, -cuujmouuiug on Tuesday July. 14, upon which ' occasion Rev. J.; Gardiner,; will lecture upon the subject — 'The Tower of London and : its Prisoners,' His'1 Honour Judge Lilley having consented to take ;,tko chair. ? The lecture -will begin at7.30 p.m ,;The?collection to be taken at the various services \- .will bo for the benefit of the trust- fund. We have good reason to congratulate the Primitive Methodists on the energy they have displayed in securing the erection of their church in this locality, and upon the good prospoots before; them of success. iu their undertaking'. Testimonial to Rev. Dr. Cani. — Tho nu merous friends of-this gentleman will be pleased to know that he is not to be allowed to leave . the colony — the scene of . his devoted exertions for so., many years— without . taking with; him something more tangible than : their kindly wishes. At a preliminary meeting in St.. Ste phen's schoolroom last night— the Hon. E. O'D. 'M'Devitt in the ohair — it was 'decided to tuke tlio necessary steps to give effect to this- inten- . tion. . -A- general - meeting of Ihet oommittee lie ( announced to be held to-morrow afternoon;:, j ' Rev. T. J. Dilwoeth, — An announce ment is ? made iu another column of two lectures to bo given by this gentleman on Monday. and .Tue's- , day evenings, on the subjeot of the historical relations of Church and State. . Hibernian Society's Ball.— A, grand ball, -*. under tho auspices of this Booiety, and in-; celebration of tho. first anniversary of, the Hibernian Baud, ip announced to take place in the Town Hall, on Monday evening, 20th inst. Loyal Orange Institution op Queens land. — Tho following anniversary services are anuounood : — At tho School of Arts the Rev. Dr. Hughes is to preauh the annivoreary ser mon at II a.m. ; and in the afternoon, at 3, divine sorvioo is to be oonduoted in the Rev. J. Buckle's new oburoh, Spring Hill.:, On Monday - evening thoro is announced an anniversary - ; .celebration, - by. a social meeting, under , the . presidency of the - Right: Worshipful Grand Master. And at Boggo, in the Orango Hall; the annivorsary is to be celebrated by a soiree, at . wbioh. the members are to appear in regalia, j ? Sittings in Insolvency. — The following are ; tho sittings for Monday next, tho 18th July :— .. , :Otto jJokelberg and Aaron Mirls, adjourned third-;' William- Pitman, Peter Martin, Robert . 'HfLofthousa, George Lane, .Abraham' (J; ' Hen .riquos, and Henry E. King, third; Oorneline ' Mortimer, .William Maekean, Edward 8. Smith, ? and William Newton, first; : i ,. The, Hibernian Benefit Society.— The - ' balaiico 'sheet of this Booiety, .brought forward at the late half-yearly meeting is a very, .satis-' .factory one; 'showing 'a credit ; balance of i'£140 follows :-^Inei-jeqlul fund, £1,5.18. ,3d. :; .manage jmout, £63 4s. j,6d. ; : Juneral fund,j£45i7s; ? ; iDbo'i balance ;remaining, .in: the j.handsiof. the \- itreasurer bbiugl£16 9ail7d'.): ini'additlobi to a'sJm ? - of !£22 -10s'; received eidoe. ? ' ; i | ?_ Civil Service Supply Association.— Tlie;- report of this' society, we :fiud; is to be isBuedpir the, 21st: instant, so that the elaborate and ia- - teresting summary whioh appears in a contem- : porary thiB morning probably refers to ,a, Bimilor ' ' association in Adelaide, Melboiirno, ,pr qyldney, ? and any alarm whioh our comme'roial friends -1 -.may - feel at the prospect- of losing: all: their' trade inconsequence ofita progreaBjB tjierefore .premature, '' ; 1 : ; : : '.j I , \- SOUTnEEN AND ? WESTERN Railway. — The ?following. are tho traffio receipts ef this railway for the. week ending July 4 : — Passengers' faroii £397 14s. 6d. ; goods and live stook, £1,134 5s. 6d. ; . parcels and miscellaneous, £56 2s. 5d. ; . total, :£1, 588.2s. 4d. Corresponding week of last year, £1,489 18s. 9d. ; totalgiuoroaae, £98 3s 7d. ' . . Hasblmayer. — -There was a very fair attend ance at the School of ArtB, last night, to witness the astounding fests of this professor of leger demain. The prestige of previous performances was fully maintained ; and no one can witness the magioal, musical, and conversational powers of;'this artist without being amazed, at the vor. .eaiiiity.of tolont displayed in accomplishing so jweli things apparently so incongruous. There : ,was ani afternoon performance this day speoially 'fofjtlie children, and the performance Ibis even* ?ing; , will be the last opportunity afforded the publio of seeing and hoaring a gontleman who has amply justified the enoomiums that preceded and accompanied his visit to Brisbane. ' Queensland Insurance CoMfany. — The attention of shareholders in , this highly flourish- V ing institution is requested to its advertisement announcing tlio annual goneral meeting to bo iheld in tho Chamber of Commerce on Monday afternoon. .. M. Blondin. — This remarkable man, who litis boen astonishing the world any .time the last five and twenty years, promises to give us the opportunity Of seeing hie performances in _ Brisbane shortly. He is to arrive by, the Boo- ™~ ' merang on Saturday next. Queensland Theatre. — It is muoli to the credit of Mr. Morton Tnvores- that, having faith in people's preference for dramatic per formances of a high-, order over such as .appeal only to lower tastes, ho has eodulously pre pDredq succession of the best pieces for perform ance at his theatre, as well as brought together a company of able and painstaking actors. The complaint that burlesque and farce have too exclusively formed the staple ol his entertain ments— scarcely a reasonable oomplaint, con sidering what an admirable selection has been produced, and how capitally Mr. Leopold, Miss Oliver, and their' associates, have brought out th eir rich h urnour — he lias latterly met in the most ..-effective way, by giviug the publio opportunity to witness.dramas of a higher class. The repre sentation of ' Othello' in tho earlier part of .the week was an exqeedingly creditable one, showing that ovon for the highest of all forms of dramatic art, the resources of this company aro fairly adequate. And to the 'Hamlet,' last night, equul or even greater praise is due, this most exacting tragedy being performed iu a manner which would have; done credit to theatreB of much greater pretensions; The lion's share of praise must be given to Mr. TavaroBfor his admirable performance of the Royal Dane. Mauy of this actor's readings . are new and iu most cases are decided improvements on the old readings. The line ' Accept my life ' may be quoted as an instance. But the whole of this impersonation was so uniformly good that it is difficult to point out any particular bits for special notice. The ' Advice to the ployers ' was one of the best things in the play. The so liloquies were equally good, and received their due measure of applause. The meet ing with his father's ghost was a very -picturesque scene, and played with great judg -irnTnl.. Tho ohoraotor of 'Hamlet' is perhaps the most difficult in the whole range of the drama, and a better reading than last night's it would bo difficult to find, even in England. The whole performance was characterised by judgment and refinement, and there was a com i plete absence of anything like: rant — a failing of so many tragedians. Miss Surtees, as was to bo expected, poui'trayed the gentle, grief-Btricken ' Ophelia ' most effectively ; and her mad scene waB' very skilfully , managed, the actress avoiding the numerous dangers incidental to the pni't. ' Mr. .'Clifford, as ' First Player ' was excellent. The ' Ghost ' for the - occa sion had a very ' ' satisfactory'' exponent. Mr. Andrews was ... a capital 'Grave- digger.' . Madame Rolland ; made a very good , ' Queen;' ; : The ' remaining toharaoters ' Laertes,' ' Polonius,' etc., were, on the whole'; very fairly filled. Tho play was well mounted, and the dreBses were, rich and appro priate.:. The tragedy is. to .be repeated to-night, so that the, beBt moans possible is afforded the publio of verifying the correctness of this criti cism, by judging for'tbemBelveB. b ^Special- attention is invited? to the Valuable Freehold Properties to ; be sold oii: Monday at his- Mart by Mr. Simon Fraser.— [Adyt.] ' We are requested by Mr. John Cameron to call attention to' the land sale to be held by him on Monday, July 13, when lie will offer a 38 aore'farm, near' G. arid' 'Sl Grimes' ; 266-aore fa^m at Enoggera waterworks; 34 allotments, 'Gotha, Wiokham, and Leiphhardt streets, :&o.;— .[AdYT.] ; : .- -.'.Gymfib- Mining;— 1 Tho ?Times of Wednes day reports Oh Monday, tbe Gold Commis sioner, on behalf of the Crown, entered upon . and- took.posBossion of the loosed area of the Dawn Company, for non-fulfilment - of - the Commissioner's order to .bale. There are two crushings to report from the Victoria machine. : 114 Tons of . refuse' Btone from No. 1 south Monkland yielded 6 ozs 6 dwts 14 grs (melted). 67;tons,of similar:stuff from No. 6 north Monk -land -produced 3 ozs' 8 dwts. The parcel of blanketings from No. 7 and 8 south Monkland, ' put through Denny's - pulverizer, yielded 24- ozs lidwt 12 grs (melted); The Bachelor Tax in Auckland. — The follewing'are the household and personal taxes .proposed for educational purposes in the new ..Eduoalional . Bill at Auokland :-r-' For every dwelling-house under the annual value of £20 a rate not exceeding £1 per annum ; for ' every . dwelliug-house of an annual value excoeding £20, but not exceeding £50, a rate not exceed ing £2 per annum ; for every dwelling-house of au annual value exceeding £50, but not exceed ing £100, £3 por annum. Andfor evorydwelling 'houBe of an annunl value exceeding £100, a rate not exceeding £4 per annum. Or euch propor tionate parts of said rateB respectively as shall be fixed annually by the board. ' For the pur ? :pose -of makidg. further- provision for raising r.-funds-.to carry out the provisions of the said :iAot;/and; this ^ets, :«n annual rate to be fixed by the board, not exceeding 20s. in any one ; ; year, 'shall, be. levied- upon evory male person of !therogelof two'nty- ono yoars and upwards resid ing withiri'the' province, who shall not be liable ,'io: pay the household rate horeiubofore provided.' :-This ' is followed by a olause erapowerihg the ^superintendent; as in the oase .of the household ;ratp,'. to . appoint a time and place when and where; and a porson to whom this bacholor rate ' shall be payable, and for the suing of defaulters. 'The amounts from the difforont 'sources is esti mated as follows: — 'Household, rate, £16,700; bachelors' tax, £4,500 ; land roveniia, £2,000. : Total, £23,200. From that would have to be '-'deduoted for expenses - in- working the Aot, £1,200.' The bill has passed through com- . mittee, but a strong agitation against it is. being 'got tip'ui the'pr&TOWi; tviiinusl 