I A ' Great Hardship.—An iron steamer. v , A Bolt that canY.be Dbawn.—A ! thunderbolt. A New HampsH^E graveyard contains a tomt&to;&jy;|||ificted to the memory of " thr^^^^K A Man who b^^Hpnext door to a school for ten yearsliays he can see no sense in calling anyone " a gentle man and a scholar." THE Isle of Wight boasts of being able to do one thing which no other place in the world can accomplish— it furnishes mutton from Cowes. < A traveller from Patagonia remarks that the natives are geutle, affable, and sociable, their greatest drawbacks being that they are canni bals. At Evansville, Indiana, recently, a man fell into a ditch on the outskirts of the town, in such a manner that he was unable to extricate himself. A kind hearted pedestrian helped him to I bis feet, and after the thing had been i accomplished, cur hero said," All right —hie—I'll vote for you." The stranger looked at him doubtfully, and wished to know what for " Wha' office ye runnin' for V "1? None at all, was answer. " Not a candidate " ko '> why?" " Why—hie—why ? 'Cause. I don't know as any mnn'd—hie— help 'notlier as you did thout being a candidate!" i ONE summer evening, during a visit to Salem, the late Mr. Peabody was sitting alone by qn open parlor win- . dow. The room, war, lighted, the street without was dark, so that, while I his form was plainly recognisable by 1 anybody passing, he could not see ■ what was outside. A party ot young (men stopped in front of the house, and began to call for " Peabody! i« Peabody I" " George Peabody ! Supposing, very naturally, that the townsmen wished to pay their respects and hear a speech, he came forward, | when a voice rose out of the darkness, i " Say Peabody—hie—give us a thou- | sand dollars—hie." Mr. Peabody shut; the window very suddenly, and dia not make a speech. Twenty or 30 years ago, when missionary enterprise was^ in its infancy among the islands of the boutli Seas, Captain Summers, of the Ameri can navy, anchored, his sloop-of-war off one of the Marquesas. The next morning ho saw a.n American nag floating from the beach, Union down. This excited him fearfully, and he sent off a boat at once to inquire into theMnatter. Presently the boat re typed,'and fraught a grave-looking missionary. The captain s anxiety ran hi<*b. #*What's the trouble out there 1,P- he asked—" quick V' " Wcl!, I am grieved to say, sir, replied the missionary, " that the natives have been interrupting our spiritual exer cises." " What—what was it you said they had been doing?" "It pains me sir, to say that they have been interrupting our spiritual exei ciees. "Man them starboard guns! Stand by, now, to give 'em the w|ple , battery!" exclaimed the captain, ilie astonished missionary hastened; to protest against such rigorous measures,; and finallv succeeded in making the; old tax- understand that the natives, had only been, breaking up a prayer meeting. " Oh, is that all ?" said he; " I thought you meant they'd stopped your grog!" A RESiDEN|fof Sacramento, California, has lattovlj-'gi ven up steamboat travel, and now when he wishes to go to San Franci&co;, he provides tickets by the i-ail ways. His preference foi the latter method of locomotion came about in this wise:—JSot long ago he had occasion to go to the metropolis of the Pacific coast, and accordingly he started for the steamer's landing, with a carpet sack in one hand and a cane in the other, in what he supposed to be ample time. But when he came in sight of the wharf, he observed the boat ap parently swinging "away from her moorings, and, amidst the- shouts and jeers of the bystanders, he brokeinto a frantic run for the landing. The boat was 8ft. or 10ft from the wharf when lie reached the place where he had hoped to find a gang-plank, but noth ing daunted, and trusting to the momentum acquired during the run, he leaped into the air and gained the vessel's deck. Not without accident, however. The carpet bag struck one passenger so voileiitly in the stomach that he doubled up like- ajackknife, and absorbed a whole flask of brandy in getting straightened out, while the cane struck another man in the face with sufficient foi'ce to suddenly induce him to get Jown on his knees to look after his hat. When lie had recovered it, the man who had occasioned all this commotion said to him in a tone of mingled apology and self-gratulation, " Well, I made it!" " Yes, you did," said the sore-headed passenger, " but, you durned old fool, this boat ain't going out, she's coming in." American Notions.—An American gentleman named M'Curthy has arrived at Wellington from San Francisco (says the " Post") bringing three new patent inventions. The first is a gas-stove, the peculiar feature of which is that it generates its own gas, from petroleum or alcohol placed in a resorvoir, and made to pass through a tube in some way, which is the patent secret, in a flame, leaving the tube in the form of gas, which can be graduated to any degree of strength. In the sinali model shown us cold water was brought to the boil in two minutes. There is no unpleasant smell or danger of ex plosion, and the stove, which is eminently portable, can be constructed to any size j at less than half the cost of a kitchen i grate capable of the same work, and its j working expense is only about a halfpenny per hour. The second invention is a small portable filter, which screws on to a water-pipe* and will last practically an unlimited, time, only requiring to be unscrewed and reversed daily. The third is a powder, which, dissolved in kerosene, prevents all risk of explosion or of the lamp-glass cracking. Indeed, the inventor states that a lamp-glass may be dippod in. cold water, and then the utmost strength of the lamp turned on without the slightest chance of the glass cracking. A Detroit gentleman prides himself on his fine fowls, and his neighbour is equally vain of a fine coach dog. The dog worries the life out of the chickenfe. A few days ago the owner of the dog received the following note: 'Friend, you keep dogs; I keep chickens. If my chickens worry your dogs, shoot 'cm.' Some students fixed up a ghost and placed it on a.staircase of the Troy Court House the other night and Tetired and awaited developments. A barrister came along and didn't get frightened. He dis robed it, and now wears a fifteen- dollar pair of pantaloons, a ten-dollar vest, a seven dollar pair of bootB and an eight dollar hat, while oneof'-thestudentBgoes about without a vest, and> another roamr around through the least frequented streets wearing a very ancicnt pair of walkers. To bo or not to be—potatoes or that is the question connected with the Yankee calculator, that if the body of each of the 260,673 persons who died in the United States in 1870 was allowed a full-sized grave, the whole would occupy 202 acres. If they were cremated, the ashes would make excellent manure for about a thousand acros. The more Americans that die and are cremated the better for the restj that is clear. 