DR. QUINN OF BATHURST. 'Thk Roman Catholic Bishop of Batliui-st, Dr. Qiiinn, has followed suit in " Sacred Heart nonsense and idolatry." His pastoral to his clergy and faithful in the "dioce.se" appesu-ed last Aveek, and the mere pei-usal of it must convince every- body Avhose intelligence is not asleep, that the Avorship of the " Sacred Heart " is an absurdity in Christianity, fit only for the .region and times of Babylon, Avherein at first it Avas practised. Di\ Quinn is hard pushed for something to say, yet by a con tinual round of sentences, by many expres- :sions about the church, about the holy Virgin, about that most religious and /glorious nation, "Ei-ance," about the Lsle- of Saints, " Ireland," and about the "incarnation" and the " liypostatical union," he manages to spin out two or three columns of type, which he calls a "pastoral" from an Apostolical Bishop! The Roman Catholics of Bathurst are certainly favoured Avith something spiri tual and Peter-like, in haviirg such a Bishop. But as for the Protestants in that Western country, hoAv is it possible that they can resist the logic and eloquence of this master of sentences, and refrain from returning to the true church, through the. Sacred Heart, under his guidance ! On the contrary, we are satisfied that the Px'otestants need only read the precious pastoral to have new cause for gmtitude that they have another Gospel to feed upon ; and the Roman Catholics there, if they Avould cousidei, as well as read, ought to feel their intelligence insulted by such miserable twaddle, and stand aghast at the discovery that their religion is so Aveak and false oa the very face of it. ' Dr. Quinn says that the " Sacred Heart devotion " is the result of the " incarna tion." He then gives a pictui'e of the " incarn.ation." The Vii-gin is spoken of as "immaculate," and Avaiting for the mystery. He then adds that Avhen she Avas residy, the Deity, with the speed, of the liijhlnimj flash 1" flew from heaven into her " most chaste Avornb I" " This," lie says, " Avas the Holy Ghost coming upon her." The " incarnation " is degraded by such miserable attempts to describe and picture it. It is this drivel Avhich Inis made the thoughtful jxeople of Catholic countries infidels and mockei-s — the notion of the Deity "fldng like lightning" is purely heathen. But Avhen Dr. Quinn has completed his picture about tho " Immaculate Mary " receiving the " lightning," he tells us that the hands of Oesus are sacred, his feet arc sacred, his eyes are sacred, <.fec., &c.;, tiiere- fore his heart is sacred, and therefore it ought to be Avorshipped, and the people of Bathurst ought to devote themselves to the Sacred Heart ! Such logic nearly makes one laugh, only Avhen souls are at stake and religion is slandered, such miserable twaddle fills one Avith indigna tion. If the " heart " is sacred, and is to be Avorshipped, and people are to be devoted to it, bec.ause of the " incarnation," then, on the same grounds, as the fingers, lungs, nails, toes, and hair must be sacred, these also ought to be Avorshipped. We com mend therefoi'e to Dr. Quinn that he should start a " sacred lungs devotion," a " sacred nose societj'," a " sacred hair-curl brotherhood," and a " sacred toe nail sisterhood." The edification Avould be very great. The blessed and immaculate inpther Avould be OA'er joyed to knoAv tliait the " incarnation " had, by a sort of division of labour, enriched the church and blessed the Avorld. The profanity of this is not ours. We are not mocking religion ; but Ave are telling those clerical impostors and sacred monger.s to "cry. aloiid to their gods, foi- tlicy" arc cither' Inxnting or sleeping, or on a journey," .and they need to be Avell ai'Otised before they Avill come " like lightning flash 1" ' We " knmo ho man after the flesh ;" not even "Christ do we knoio after the flesh." He has neither sacred fingers, nor toes, nor hair tor us. He has neither a "sacred heart " nor a sacred lung for us; his incarnation Avas a. gi-eat mystery for. a Avbrthy purpose ; that purpose has long since been fulfilled ; and noAV it is not the incarnation but the atonement and the mercy of Jesus AAdiich the Gospel com mends to the attention of men. He is the SaAUour of sinners because of the shedding of his blood. The priestly device of the sacred heart is a thousand years older than tlie incarnation ; but the Go-spel Avay of SiilA'ation is through the blood of the cross. 