NOMINATION FOR POLWARTH AND SOUTH GEENVILLE. The nomination for: the above constitu ency took placo at the Court-Houae, Colao, on Wednesday, the 18th instant. At 12 o'clock noon the returning- officer, Mr E. Coulston, declared the following porsons as duly nominated:—Mr J. H. Connor, of Geelong; Mr O'Hea, of Melbourne, jour nalist; Mr John Thompson, of Melbourne, merchant. Mr Thompson was no; present. Mr O'Hea addressed the electors assem bled. Ho said the course adopted by the presonb Government respecting constitu tional reform was characterised by modera» tion and justice. The legislative machinery of the colony wanted putting in proper working order. The CbieE Secretary wanted to clear away all obstructions, so that both branches of the Legislature would work together agreeably. The proposed method of reform was ob jected to by some, but the expe rience they had had of the working of the Upper Houbq for the past 15 years showed that it was highly desirouy, Th« present was a' critical juncture; and the electors required to be careful in sending ■ men to Parliament who wore capable of readjusting the legislative machinery. Mr Connor (who was received with marks of approval) said he was glad to see Mel bourne men taking an interest in the wel fare of the electors of Polwaith and South Qrenville. Such was not the case hitherto, aud-he hoped they.would have the pluck to go to the poll. For his own part h9 "would sot have come forward at all if hp had not ( been asked to do so by a large majority of the electors. He wished solely to advance their interests and that of the colony gene rally. (Applause.) He", regretted that Mr Robertson had retired from the contest, as he was possessed of "great .local influence; audit would have properly tested the feeling of the electors. He would have felt proud to heat Mr Robertson, and would have felt it no disgrace if he had been beaten by him ; but he should feel it as a lasting disgrace if he was beaten by either Mr O'Hea: or Mr Thompson. (Crept applause.) No one was more anxious for constitutional reform than he was. If elected as their representative, which he was certain of, it would- be his duty if any seriouB difficulty or dispute arose between the two- Houses, to come before them again, and if they did not agree with his views he would resign. (Cheers:) He had proved in the past that he had the interest of Colac at heart, and that was a guarantee for the future. He was not afraid to contest the election against his two. opponents, even if they were rolled into one, as there was some talk of doing. He thanked them for the' patient hearing they had given. Mr Connor - concluded amidst: loud ap plause,'and it is - evident that the oppo sition candidates ■ have not the ghost of a chance. ' A voto of thanks to the returning officer terminated the proceedings: 