THE MBUS" PAPERS. .. Viotoria has been taught a great moral lesson by tfr trustees of the Ballarat Mechanics' Institute, who, Anting out how awkward it was to sign joint and several promissory notes or guarantees for payment of the money spent in erecting their in ifoftnjfrion, got up an' art- union lottery and thus fairly distributed their difficulties over the entire colony. The gold vases and cups which will find their way to the melting-house long before this day Week Were all right enough in their way, but people $8 iay that the picture business was not "exactly straight. Jt is stated that one of the most valuable of thepiotorial prises was not long since offered, aad vainly offered, for £12. The trustees, however, were more liberal, as whatever they gave for it they valued it at more than twelve times the above amount. They do things better in the tight little island of Tasmania where they fail in mobs of from twenty to thirty at a time, and meet wholesale for the purpose of taking steps againStthat common enemy, the Victorian creditor. A pleasant little story, illustrative of their doings in this regard, ft ipinnking np aad down in the 'bus just now. It ft said that about twenty-five Launceston mer- chants and healers " went" a few days ago, arid met in an hptcjl -there to see what could be done. Of coarse "the man who went in for the biggest niial! Wifreleoted chairman, and after the waiter had brought in the whiskey and water (bey eettled down oomfortably to business. In Teply to some leading questions pat by the smaller fry, the chair man said, " Well, I was thinking of offering so much in the pound," naming a very modest coin, but all the rest immediately cried out, " Why, if you do they will expect at least eighteenpence in the pound from us 1" It is stated, of ooarse by way of a joke, that the chairman was, thus in- dnoed to slightly alter hie proposition, which was then unanimously, agreed to. It is also said, and not a's a lark,' that a Victorian creditor who went over to see abput some £11,000 or £12,000 due to him so far lost his equanimity .that he got iockfed up and fined in the customary pepalfcy lor abusive imguage. L The latest idea with regard to immigration to Viotoria is not a bad one. There are to be no ' more lecturers, but gentlemen and ladies of good address and pleasant conversational parts are to be sent about " cracking wi' the people." I would strongly recommend the Kennedy family for appointment. If our respect for local government is to be measured by the sise of the bills we every now and then bring in with regard to it, it will show that we are very fonow it indeed. If the one at present before Parliament were spread out fairly it would cover a three-hundred-and- twenty acre section and yet ft is said thac no clause has; so far been introduced with a view of providing for the proper performance of their duties by the men appointed to make valuations. What about that perjury clause ? Couldn't it be worked up a bit? At least we think so in the 'bus. The erection of hoardings in our prinoipal streets for the display of posters and handbills has browns a very important branch -of industry in Melbourne. The. proprietors are growing every day more enterprising,' and their terms are of the most liberal difoription. It was only yesterday I isamed in the bus that one oan Jiave a new storey added to his house free of charge, if he only agrees that the shall be twice the usual size, . end allowed to obstruct the thoroughfare about thme times as long '» it does at present. v Mr. Tlgan is beginning to get frightened lest the ' onsnvefouadations erected aomeAfteen years ago fin thepnblic offices, neartheTreasury building, Will be unable fco sustain those three ornate paok- > .ingooaics for designing Which be not very long ago ' obtained the first prise. ,ffi should at once oori eiilt MA Woods onihesribject, arid between them L'tfwiight be able to procure Cehk riftaria of w little ooal tar and long. tSSSmr&fatfs; R - fatuM -di: 1 , A very ourioua aad melancholy case will shortly erop up in one of our law oourts, the parties oon- Mftd being husband and wife, not to speak of the children, of whpm I believe there are at least jalf a aoore. The most remarkable thing about . the affair is the fact that thither Mr. norMrs. ——can guess at the immediate cause of the splits butthey PfitffOfyr ummimqiis as to the compatibility. There never hasbeon any unseenriybiokering, and not even as miioh as aehadow ofviolenoe 1 but there beg earring up between them a coolness wbich neither oaresto conceal. Theesnlt is that ' eaoh is j pretfy (well hrtlwrikon wUhout at all knowing why. The only , difference of any note which ever arose between .them Ufas occasioned by an unhappy knack which She has of hi ling his ; slippers, which he never can find when he requires! them. The softgoodsmen have a string of grievances, whioh, it is muohtofre feared, the hardhearted Ministry will fail to appreciate. A few days ago a deputation of warehousemen waited upon the Premier the Treasurer, and the Gommisioner of Customs to ask that the list of goods to be admitted free of duty under the new tariff should be extended so as to embraoe "articles the present dutieB on which did not materially in fluence the revenue while they were vexatious, and a great restriction on trade.' Amongst the prime subjects of vexation they included all manufactures containing silk, and here they will certainly have the ladies on their side. They considered it very grievous that " antimacassars," velvet pile table-covers, " illusion tulle," furs, flowers, feathers, and other necessaries of life should be subject to taxation; but they more than all else objeoted to the levying of a duty upon those utterly indispensable conditions of the toilette known as " hair nets, pads, and rolls." Ministers promised to let some of the articles in duty free, and to seriously consider the others. Pending this consideration, I would suggest that if the duties on some of the above items do not At present influence the revenue, they might be easily made to do so. Shades of George the Fourth and of the scarcely less immortal Turveydrop, your attention ft reepeotfully directed to the following, which I unceremoniously took from some journal the name of which ! do riot now remember " It ft well- known that the announcement ef births and deaths, are often given in German news papers in a form which sounds strange in English ears. Every one knows, too, that engage ments are published as well, and in much the same form as marriages. In the second sheet, for instance, of every issue of the Cologne Gazette these announcements of engagements may be found throughout the whole year. When en gagement! are broken off this is also at timeB published by one or both of the parties concerned. Bat it is very seldom that an announcement each as the following is found, which is quoted in the Cologne Gazette of the 17th Jane from the Dresdener Journal : — With respect to the announcement whioh I, at the end of last No vember, gave notice of my being engaged to the DowagerBaroness Zoe von Kotzebue I am now obliged to state that this relationship has, at, her desire and to my great regret, been broken off, because she did nob Add in my deportment that gravity which she had a right to expect.— Count Luoxnbb.'" "If you don't oesse wriggling, you tiresome little thing, I will throw you away and piok up another!" So said a young lady in London Punch a few years ago, when endeavonring to impale a troublsome worm upon a hook. Almost as good sport must have been fonnd up-oountry a few days ago, and it is thus described in the local paper 11 Some excitement was caused at Bacchus Marsh on Satnrday evening by the arrival of a young deer, in charge of one of the whippers-in employed by the inembers of the Melbourne Hunt, who, it appears, had been out minting that day, and had chased the deer to within three or four miles of Baoohus Marsh. The poor animal died soon after being placed in the stables attached to the Border inn." Brown bread is generally understood to be exceedingly conducive to good health It is raid to cure many maladies against which Holloway's pills would fall harm lessly as blaok peppercorns or green peas. I don't at all wonder at it, now that I know how it ft made. A few days ago, as I was purchasing some toys to bribe my neighbour's children to keep quiet until I get up, a young lad ran : in covered all over with flpur like a stage ghost wind asked for a shilling doll, saying his father, the baker next door, was just stuck up for bran ! I subsequently learned that the internal arrange ments of the flaxy-haired thing which the lad had run away with were largely made up of sawdust. SIMON. 