FICTION. Cffcom ¿VUi|IUli,, Amerfeaxy. and atber Periodical«.) Aliiî MIHI DAM; ÍVW<I'¡'' '.- ?»?';??'?' ;ÓB," ".'.' " .'.' .rTBDDED YET N0 WIFE. SÏ MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. ;, PARK .III. \- ?';i ^CHAPTER III. Awayíleng;fhe dreariest part of the Essex coast there stood;,and, stands still, a lonely old manor house,ftloBfld/|in from the outer world by funereal trees, and called " The Firs " It was the country noose fit, Sirr Vane Charteris, and had never been visited hy hint in the past twenty years. A gloomy sad gruesome place, Ave miles from the nearest country-neighbour, a squalid fishing, village lying be- low, the long -waves forever breaking npon the «hiDgly¡Bhoie,-aiid. the gaunt, dark firs skirting it, smothering it all. around. The ** Moated Grange" could, hardly bave been a more lonesome and eerie dwelling, nor could 41 Manana" have bewailed her hard lot in being shut np therff much more bitterly than did the Mistress of "The Fits-,? the Widow Galbraith. Mrs. Eleanor-Galbraith waa the only sister of Sir Vane flattens;-and had spent the last nineteen years 'of ter ¡widowhood doing penance at " Tbe Firs."fcWhea' ohe-and-twenty ahehad. thrown her- self away npon a subaltern m the 60th Highlanders, whichflpennüess. young, officer, dying within two years, left his widow to'the cold chanty of her only brother,t/, , ( , Sir Vananad bitterly opposed the imprudent match ; now he comforted Mrs. Galbraith in her weeds and wido^hqpd,1)ythatcynicalaphonsm-asshehadmade ber bed-so she must lie. He was shortly about to contract a matrimonial alliance with the wealthy and beautiful Miss Olivia Lyndith, and a sister m weeds was an additionne did not at all desire m his nuptual «atoblishment, There was "The Firs" if she liked. "TheFira^stoodin need of a mistress to keepit from falling to decay He never meant to go near it himself-if» dismalness always gave him the horrore. If Mrs. Galbraith chose to go and reside at "The Firs," she was entirely welcome, if not Mrs. Galbraith did choose, wrathf ully, and had be- come socially extinct from that hour, Nineteen years had passed, and gray hairs had stolen into her raven locks, and crows-feet impressed themselves under her/eyes. She was forty-one j ears of age, and -waa a handsome likeness of her brother. She was tall arÄftnajestic of stature, she had two blight black ejes, that flashed under straight, thick, black brows, she had a large, well-shaped nose, a large mouth, a massive nnder-jaw, brilliant, white teeth, and a mustache. "Ii Vane had but acted as a brother," Mrs. Gal- braith, was wont bitterly to think, " and allowed me to go, with him. and his wife to Vienna, or even per- mitted, me a few seasons in London, I might have redeemed my first error, and married well. Hand- some young widows are almost certain to marry well a second, time, ii they have the chance." And the years sped on, and she grew gray at " The Firs," awtfeil into flesh. Look at her as she sits at bar solitary midday meal, with the hot September sunshine ailing the long^dark, old-fashioned dining roomT A fine woman, most assuredly, in Bpite~~of the crows-feetc-a çtout. handsome, middle-aged lady, with a clear brain and a firm will. The rattling of wheels on the~3nve without reaches ber ears-a most unusual sound. As she springs up and goes to the window she sees, to her ungovernable surprise, her brother, Sir Vane Charteris. An in- stant more, and the old man who did duty as butler, gardener, and coachman, ushered in the lord of the manor. "Vane!" Mrs. Galbraith could just utter the one word. The baronet advanced with more cordiality than be had ever-displayed toward her, and held out his hand. rz^. "My dear Eleanor, I am-glad to see you again." He drew-ber to bim and kissed her wholesome brown cheek. ""Yes,'very glad,v ¡after so many years ; and looking so nicely, too. ' What! luncheon already!" He mug himself into a chair, and glanced at the .ubstaütfally-^pread table. . ' " Dinner, Sir Vane? Charteris ! I dine at the hour fttwhichpeoplsaf your,"wprld breakfast, Ono_ nearly forgets the usages of civilized life after nineteen years solitude at 'The Firs-P "I hope notJBleanor," answered Sir Vane, coolly, "«al desire you at'once to return to my world, as you call it. I have coma down to remove you from * The Firs' to -my town-house." Mrs. Galbraith gave a gasp. At last ¡-what she had pined for, prayed for, sighed for, during nineteen years, bad come I "Toa have heard of my unfortunate domestic calamityf^ pursued tha baronet, "I allude to my unhappy wife's insanity. I had half-resolved to sell the lease of the Meredan-ebeet house ; but circum- stances have occurred lately that-have caused me to change my .mind. ,1 have been appointed guardian to a young lady,*an heiress, whom I wish to present tosoäety."- - - " Indeed in said Mrs. Galbraith, with her black eyes fixed- on her brother's face. " Lsaw a brief paragraph in the Morning,Post concerning it. A Miss Paulina lisle, formerly the -ward of the late Lord Montalien -is H-jaotr?" "The same; and a very handsome and charming yooBJ? Mdy,'Í assure you, with eighty thousand poona se- her fortune. She will be presented next season by the Duchess of Clanronald, and make her debut, with yourself for chaperone. Meantime, she comes from France in a month, and will go out a great deal, no doubt, in a quiet way, this autumn and winter... The Christmas and hunting season we are to spSBd'-at Montalien Priory. My town-house must be setin order at once, and you shall preside in my wife's place. "Maud shall leave school, and have a gover *"Ton give yourselves considerable trouble for yourjiew ward," said Mrs. Galbraith, who knew that gi+ing himself trouble for anything or anybody was noiharrhrother's weakness. ?" JFÄois this Paulina IdSlelVjOne of .the Sussex Lisle's ?" "Mo; I believe'the father was of Scotch descent." KSbe^S sa. orphan, of course ?" *M5b, no^ithe father lives out in California, but not in the least likely to_ return to England. He was an old friend, of Lord Môntalien's, and intrusted -sKhis heirejs ttf -Uinvwith ' the power to appoint a ^piardianin his stead in the event of his death. I h»te)>eep appointed, and trouble or no, I shall do mylduiy.to this young lady." ,','The,mother'is dead, I supposa F" ífOjfiCojirBe. Can you be ready to return to town witt me tomorrow, Eleanor P" /'Quite ready," said Mrs. Galbraith ; and then whiloj^Uf Vans went to his room she finished her dinner! regarding her plate with a thoughtful frown. " Vane,has changed very greatly," she mused, "or be never would have burdened himself with a ward at all. Is be keeping something back, I wonder ? Has-he- designs upon this Miss Lisle's fortune? Does he expect his wife to die, and that this young heiress will marry bim ?" The baronet and his sister returned to town early next day, and Mrs. Galbraith set to work at once with a zeal and energy that showed she had lost none of her sharp faculties during her nineteen years «xile from the world. She saw to the refurnishing ünd repainting and rehanging of the house and rooms, to the plate, the linen, the liveries, alL Long before the middle of October arrived the house ii Merédan-street, Berkeley Square, was quite ready for the reception of Miss Paulina Lisle, Sir Vane'brought his daughter home, and then started for France, The baronefs daughter waa in her sixteenth year now, small of stature, dark of skin, and with a pale, precocious little face. She bad quite the air and conversation of a grown-up personi'knew a'deal of life and French literature, conkFplay a little, sing a little, draw a li.tle, and dance and talk a great deal. Her aunt and she fraternized at once, drove out in the Park together, and speculated what manner of person this Miss Lisle might be now. » Your father says she is very handsome, Mand," observed Mrs. Galbraith." »Handsome ! oh dear, no, quite a plain young person, .with great eyes, and sandy hair, and the rudest "manners. Quite an uninformed, gawky country girl V Late.in -the evening of a dismal day in early October,-Sir Vane and his ward arrived. It had rained and blown heavily all day long. Miss Lisle had suffered agonies worse than death crossing the Channel, and was as limp, and pallia, and woe-begone an object as can be 'conceived. Mrs. Galbraith shrugged her broad shoulders as she looked at the waa, spiritless face. -*ÀM yon called her handsome, Vane F" she said to bar brother. ' Sir Vasa laughed grimly. "Wait.until to-morrow," was his oracular rá- spenle, as he too, in a used-up state, retired to his toora. Ldrd'Montalleri, who, since tho middle of the pre- vious September, had spent the chief part of his tune in town, chanced to be in (he house He waa ja frequent visitor-. -The house was pleasant, the wines and cook excellent* Mrs. Galbraith a capital hostess and a clever woman, and little Maud, in a year or two, would ne marriageable- Her mother's fortune would be hers, and should Miss Lisle prove obdurate to his suit why it might be as well to win the regards of Mus Charteris. To marry a rich wife he.AWJesolred-rSt. heart he_sas a very raiser, and worshipped gold for gold's sake c^fAJeKîkl^.-sallow, spiritless creature as ever I ÜaWfSiWar MraV Galbraith's contemptuous verdict '^tfipai jetara* to- the drawing-room " There will ^otJ&T;ÏuCb-credit in chaperoning her. I dare say sWwQtimiCrr^'--gala with eighty thousand pounds are pretty sar» to gb off- but half the meo m Lon- don will certainly not lose their senses about her t A»d ay brother tola me ib« was pretty Io " She ivas pretty," said Lord Montalian, " more I than pretty, if I remember right, two years ago. Allan Fane, an artiBt friend of mine, the man who married Di Hauton, you know, nearly went mad about her when she was only a poor little penniless country-girl. Some girls do grow up plain, and I suppose she is one of them. We shall be treated to austere convent airs, no doubt, and have to listen to Monastery Bells and Vesper Hymns, whenever she sits down to the piano." " Come to dinner to-morrow and see," was Mrs. Galbraith's response. And his lordship laughingly promised, and left the house. He did not return to his own elegant bachelor's lodgings in Piccadilly, bat drove aWsy to Gilberts Gardens, and spent the evening very agreeably in the society of a lady whom he called ** Alice," and to whom he did not Bpeak of the return of Paulina Lisle. Lord Montalien, as a privileged friend of the family, came early to the house of Sir Vane Char- teris -the following evening. There was to be a dinner- party, but he was the first of the guests to ar- rive. ' Mrs. Galbraith, in crimson velvet, stately and majestic, received him in the winter drawing-room. Two young ladies were present, one in her simple school-room attire, for Maud did not yet appear in public ; another, tall and slender, in blue silk, with violets in her shining, gold-brown hair. Lord Mon- talien approached her at once with outstretched hand. " As I was the last to say farewell to Miss Paulina Lisle on her departure, so let me be the first to wel- come her back to England." Miss Lisle turned round and gave him her hand, scanning bim with blue-bright eyes. " I beg your pardon, yon were not the last to say farewell to me upon my departure from England," she retorted, and it -was characteristic that her fiist words were a contradiction. "Your brother came after you, Mr. Earlscourt." "Not Mr. Earlscourt now, my dear," smoothly insinuated Mrs. Galbraith. "Lord Montalien." " Oh yes ! I beg your pardon again. The other name was the most familiar." " Then call me by whatever is most familiar," with a long, tender glance, "as so old a friend should." " So old a friend !" Miss Lisle pursed np her bright Eps with the old saucy grace. "Let me see-we met just "three times in our lives before this moment. Now, I shouldn't think three meetings would con- stitute such very old friendship, but, of course, your lordship knows best." She walked away to a distant window, humming a French song. Lord Montalien looked after her, then at Mrs. Galbraith. _ "A sickly, sallow, spiritless creature," he said, quoting her own words of yesterday. "Mrs. Gal- braith, you are one of the cleverest women I know, but don't you think you made ever so slight a mis take'yesterday?" The girl waa lóóBng superbly. The slim form had grown taller and rather fuller, its willowy grace was perfect. The face, perhaps, was a trifle too pale and thin still, but ^he large, brilliant, sapphire eyes, the sparkling white teeth, the saucy, ever-dimpling smiles, and the aureole of bronze hair, would have lit ahy face into beauty. In her nineteenth year, enough of childhood yet lingered to give her a frank confidence, that rarely lasts through later years, Tbe'blue eyes looked you full, brightly, steadily in thB face, the frank Ups told-you-the truth, with all the 'audacity of a child. A lovely girl, in her first youth, with a will and a spirit, and a temper, too, of her own, ready at a moment's notice to do battle for friends or with foes. " A half-tamed filly, with a wicked light in the eyes," thought Lord Montalien. " My dear Mrs. Galbraith, I don't want to discourage you, but your spiritless debutante will give you as much trouble in the future as ever debutante gave cbaperone. That young lady means to have her own way, or know the reason why." "Young ladies with eighty thousand pounds generally do have their own way," the lady answered. "Do you mean to enter the list, my lord? The competition will be brisk. She ÍB a handsome girl, despite yesterday's sea-aickness. Just the sort of girl men lose their heads for most readily. By the By,she has been asking for your scrapegrace brother." Mrs. Galbraith rose to receive some new guest, and Lord Montalien approached the window where Miss Lisle still stood gazing out at the twilit street. She glanced o ver her shoulder and asked bim a ques- tion before he could speak. "My lord, how long is it since you were at Speck haven ?" " A little over a week, Miss Lisle. You mean to visit it soon, I suppose ? By the way, there is quite an old friend of yours stopping at Montalien." " Indeed ! Another old friend, like yourself, whom I have probably seen three times 1" "More than that, Miss Lisle. I allude to Allan Fane." "OhI" said Paulina, and laughed and blushed. " Yes, I saw a good deal ef Mr. Fane at one time. He wanted me to sit for a picture, you know. 31 rs. Fane is there too, I suppose ?" " No, Mr. Fane is alone, Mrs. Fane is in Germany foi* ber health, which is poor. , They meet once or twice a year, I believe, and are always perfectly civil to jeaeh other, but, as a rule, they get on much more happily with two or three hundred, leagues between them. Mrs. Fane grows old and sickly, and is notoriously jealous of her husband." " Poor Mr. Fane ! And your brother, my lord-ia he, too, at Montalien ?" "Yon remember Guy, then? poor Guy 1" " Certainly, I remember Guy. I saw a great deal more of him than I ever did of you ; and two years ts not such'an eternity! And why poor Guy?" "Because-because-you haven't heard then." " Lord Montalien, I only reached England late last night-bow was I to hear anything ? (Nothing very dre&dful; has befallen your brother, I hope ?" " Your interest does him too much honor. He is quite unworthy of it." " Whv, please?" *' Because-my dear Miss Lisle, it is not a pleasant story for me.to tell-for you to hear. Guy has gone to, the bad,'as they say, if you know what that means." " I should think I did-it seems tolerably plain i English. It means, I suppose, he has spent all his money and got into debt." " It means that and more." Lord Montalien answered gloomily ; "itmeans debt, and gambling, and'all sorts of horrors," " Yes. But you are very rich, my lord, and he is your only, brother. I should think his debts would not signify much while you have plenty of money." The dark blood rose up over his lordship's face. I "Miss Lisle, you don'tunderstand,anditis impos- ' sible to explain-to you. Guy has gone to the bad in every Sense of the word. Pray, do not ask me any more." He shifted away from the gaze of the innocent, wonderiDg blue eyes. She did not in the least com- prehend what he wished her to comprehend by his muendoes. Guy gambled and spent his money, she understood just that and no more. . " Well," she said, too highly bred to press an un- welcome subject, " that was" not what I wished to say. Did you hear-was there any news?" She hesitated a little, and a faint flush rose up over her fair face. "Has anything been beard of Alice farren?" The question confounded him, and yet he might have expected it. " Alice Warren," he stammered. " Alice Warren ? Who is she?" " Who is ehe?"Paulina repeated, emphatically; " you did not need to ask that question two years ago, when you admired her so greatly, Lord Mon- talien." "Admired her so greatly 1 Alice Warren 1 Oh, of course, I know now-how stupid I am-you mean the bailiffs daughter, "of course !" - " Yes, I mean the bailiffs daughter. Poor Alice." "There is no news of her that I have heard. It is a very strange thing her running away from home as she did." " Not in the least strange," retorted Paulina, with her customary frankness. " She ran away to be married !" "To be married!" Lord Montalien's face waa startled and pale-arheTepeated-it. " Certainly. She wrote to me the night before she left home. I have the letter yet. She told me she was going tobe married." " Did she tell you to whom?" His heart was beating quick as he asked the ques- tion, though he knew what the answer would be. "No. To some one above her in rank, though, I know. Lord Montalien, don't you suspect it was one of the gentlemen staying at your place last month ?" He had had time to control himself, otherwise the gaze of the large earnest eyes must have discon- certed him horribly. "Miss Lisle, I have thought-I have suspected. She left late in the evening. Have you beard who I travelled up with her to London ?" I " Of conree not. I have heard nothing but what . her own letter tells me, and a few brief lines from Duke Mason, saying she was gone, no one knew where or why. Who went with her up to London ?" "Um Lisle, will you take my arm?-they ara going in to dinner. And will you forgive me if I do -uot answer your question. She was your friend -it is not from my lips you should hear the name of her companion." "Do you mean your brother?" she demanded, abruptly. " I am sorry to say-I do." " Then I don't believe one-word that she ran away to be married to him !" answered Miss Lisle, with calm decision. " She never cared for him, and he never paid her the least attention whatever. He may have gone up with her to London, but I am quite certain your brother is not the man whom she has married." " If she be married !" Lord Montalien said, stung to bitterness by her words. Miss Lisle did not blush one whit. She looked at him with surprised, unshamed eyes-the open, fearless gaze of perfect innocence. "Of course she is married!" she said; "she told me she was going to be. Do you think she would run away to seek her fortune alone in London ? There were'other gentlemen at the Priory, last Sep- tember, beside your brother, I suppose ?" "Three others-Allan Fane, Sir Harry Gordon, and Captain Villiers." "And yourself?" " And myself." She looked at him searchingly a moment-bia face baited her. She turned away, and resumed her dinner with a resolute air. " I shall find out, abe said, quietly ; " I am geing down to Speckhaven the day after to-morrow to spend a week : I shall find out." " Going down to Speckhaven," he echoed, " to spend a week with your old friend Mason, I pre- sume." *. " Yes ; dear old Duke 1 He will be glad to see me. And I shall find out all about Alice Warren." Lord Montalien was by no means allowed to mon- opolize the heroine of the evening. Sir Vane bad in- vited several very eligible unmarried men, and Miss Lisle's beauty and spirited style of conversation had already produced considerable impression. Her manner was simply perfect, a belle of four seasons could not have been more entirely and gracefully at ease. She talked very much better than most youn¿ ladies. Paulina was clever, and had ideas of her own, and it was quite refreshing to some of those men about town to hear her fresh views of people and things. Sbe was charming-that was the uni- versal verdict-beautiful beyond doubt, accom- I plishe'dj and rich. She saug after dinner, and her I riehpvoice astonished her bearers-so full, so sweet. " She is equal to Parti !" was the verdict of more than on» présent, "Itisaiupubsoprano," I Altogether Miss Lisle's first appearance, though her part this evening was a small one, was an entire success. Lord Montalien found himself fascinated in a way he could not understand. She was so un- like the ordinary English Miss he was accustomed to ; she was BO piquant, so sparkling, so brightly handsome and audacious, that she bewildered him. She possessed that spell irresistible in man or woman -the gift of fascination-her joyous laugh, her ringing voice, the bright flash of her eyes, took your heart by storm before you knew it. Miss Lisle had said, in all honesty, that she meant to go down to Speckhaven in two days; but with the best of intentions, the sincerest affection for ber two friends there, two Weeks elapsed before the promised visit was made. London might be. empty to some people, and the season over, but to this young lady, fresh from her twilight convent life, it was the most popidous and I delightful of cities. She went out continually ; and 1 October was veiy near its close when, one frosty evening, Miss Lisle opened the little garden-gate of Duke Mason's, and walked through the open front door. There were changes, many and great, in her- self, but not one here. The roses and geraniums bloomed in perennial freshness, the old cat basked on the hearth, the old order, silence, cleanliness pre- vailed, and Rosanna on her knees was toasting muffins for tea. Two arms went around her neck, and an impetuous kiss, the only kiss poor Rosanna had received since she had said good-bye to her nursling, was pressed upon her withered cheek. Dake came in presently. The firelight shone redly through the room, the lamp burned on the mantel, the table was spread for supper, and a graceful, girlish figure sat on a low stool, fresh and beautiful as a rosebud. Duke stood a second regarding this picture, then advanced with outstretched hand. "Well, Duchess," he said, as'if they had parted two weeks instead of two years before, " you have come back after all." And so " Polly" was home again, but somehow it was not the Polly of old. The fault was not hers ; she strove to be m all things precisely the girl who had left them, but she sat before them a tall young lady, out of their world altogether, with the new dig- nity of dawning womanhood upon her, educated, re- fined, rich, handsome, fairer than ever-but never again little "Polly." Late in the evening of the ensuing day, Mr. Allan Fane, busily at work sin ce early morning, threw down brushes and palette, lit a cigar, and started for his daily, brisk, twilight walk. On this particular even- ing his steps turned shoreward-he strolled along through the lamplit town and down to Speck- haven sands. The Cave was a favourite resort of his, where he could sit, and smoke, and watch the gray, whispering sea, and think, perhaps, of the girl who had first brought bim there. He was think- ing of her now as be advanced along the shingly path, whence she had long ago led bim. The last rays of the-fading daylight Were in-the Cold; gray sky; pale, yellow gleams of wintry brightness lit the west, and there was a ring Of sharpness in the evening air. His steps echoed loudly on the sands, and a quiet figure standing at the entrance of the Cave, watching those pale, yellow gleams, turned at the sound. And ha and Paulina Lisle stood face to face! He turned pale at the sight. He had not dreamed she was in Speckhaven.' He bad been thinking of her, imagining her radiant in her new life, and here she rose up before him like a Spirit in the gloaming! She recognized him immediately, and held out her hand with her frank, bright smile. i " It M Mr. FaneP she cried. ' " The very last per- ' \ son I expected to see ! Lord Montalien mentioned 1 your being at the Priory, too, but I had actually for- I gotten all about it." Yes-the whole story was told in those lightly spoken words-she had "forgotten all about it," and all about him, aa completely as though he had never entered her life. He had loved her as honestly and strongly as an honester and stronger man-he had given her up of his own accord, and he had no right to complain. But the bitter sense of loss was ever there-the brilliant, spirited face haunted him by night and day ! " Well," said Miss Lisle, "you don't look very cor- dial, I must say ? Do you take me for a ghost, or a i mermaid, Mr. Fane ? You see I have been paying visits all day to my old friends ; and this, my seaside grotto, is the last on the list And now I really must go home. Pour Rosanna has a horror of night-dews and night-winds. She takes me to be a fiagile blos- som, that a sharp autumn blast would nip in twain. If you won't say anything else, Mr. Fane, perhaps you will say good-night !" She laughed-Polly's sweet, gay laugh-drew her shawt closer about her, and turned to go. She was very simply dressed, in a dark merino, a soft gray shawl, and a little pork-pie hat, with a scarlet bird's wing. But though he saw her often after in silks and roses, the queen of the ball, never did she look lovelier than at that moment. He spoke with some- thing of an effort-good Heavens, how cold and commonplace the words sounded ! " You will permit me to see you home, Miss Lisle -it will be quite dark before you «re half way, and the town is full of strangers, down for the October meeting." A provoking smile dawned on her face. She had not entirely forgotten- the past, and the temptation to give him a small stab was irrisistible. ¡' I am not the least afraid ; thanks very much, Mr. Fane. And, beside-it is'quite unpardonable of me to say it-I am afraid, but I have beard Mrs. Fane is-jealous ! Do you think Bbe would mind very greatly if I permitted you to escort me home ?" He looked at her-a dark, painful flush rising on bia face. ' " You ara merciless," be said. " You had your revenge two years aeo, on the day you gave me back myling! You might spare me now 1" " The ring you presented the same night to Miss Hautton ! I saw it on her finger when I dined at the Priory. Please don't try to be sentimental, Mr. Pane, I bave grown dreadfully old and wise since that foolish time, and pretty speeches are quite thrown away npon me, I assure you. And you may walk home with me-let us hope Mrs. Fane will never hear it," . Her eyes were laughing wickedly.. Indeed.it was a weakness of this heroine of-mine. ?" She is always- laughing-that Miss' Lisle," an aggrieved admirer had said ; " and the dose of it is, a man doesn't know whether she is laughing with him or «¿him.'* '- ' ' " Pretty speeches .are thrown away upon you, are they ?" said Mr. Fane, as they walked along side by side. " I can believe it-surfeited with tbem as you are1, - Do You know what Madame Rumour says, Miss Lisle ?" ' ' " Very scandalons things, no doubt. What ?" " That you are to be presented next season as my Lady Montalien ?" ^ " Then Rumour tells most unconscionable fibs," an- swered Paulina, carelessly. " I'm not 1" " You never liked Francis Earlscourt,'* "Didn't I?" I " You don't like Lord Montalien." "Don't I?" i " Misa 'Lisle, you _knpw"you don't 1 Tour face tells the story of your likes- and dislikes plainly enough," , " I must be very ungrateful, very unjust, if I do not. lord Montalien ís.most kind, most courteous, and we are all coming down to spend Christmas and the hunting season at the Priory. To speak ill of one's future host in bia absence is a return of hospi- tality not strictly Arabian," " And how 'does London life Buit you ?" " Oh, excessively. I have been out «very Hight since my return, and I don't know the meaning of the word fatigue ; and I look forward to next season . as a child to a holiday. Do you know"-her girlish pleasure shining in her great eyes-" the Duchess of Çlanronald is going to present me ?" " You are to be envied, Miss Lisle. And after one or two brilliant seasons the Miming Pott will an- nounce a brilliant marriage! " 1 He could not help harping on this string. He had lost her, and he loved her now as we do love the things we have forever lost. " Well, yes," said the young lady coolly ; "I hop9 so. Everybody marries, and I suppose I shall after four or five-¿easons, when lam quite-oh, quite an elderly personLof four or five and twenty-some fine old English gentleman who has a great estate. Are you quite alone at the Priory, Mr. Fane? and migbt one ask why you bury yourself alive there ?"__ ' " I am working hard, 'Miss Lisle, and I find in- spiration Ci' the. air of .Speckhaven. Do you recol- lect thV'Ebsamond and Eleanor ?' Yes, I see you do-I am finishing that for the spring exhibition." She looked at him saucily. "And what little country girl have yon chosen for Fair Rosamond now? Please be merciful as you are' strong, Mr. Fane, and don't turn her head with your flatteries." , " I paint my Rosamond from memory-my Elea- nor ia one of the housemaids at the Priory-a tall, black-browed, Roman-nosed young woman. And I am quite alone up in the big, rambling old mansion. Guy was with me during the races, but be baa gone," ' "Ah! Guy Earlscourt 1 Do you know I have never met him yet? and people speak of him as though he were the man in the Iron Mask, or Guy Fawkes, or anything else dreadful. Mrs. Galbraith calls him 'a determent«]/ whatever that may be. Pray, what has that unhappy young man done ?" "Nothing to anyone save himself. You have heard of the road to ruin, I suppose ? Well, he has been going at a gallop along that highway for the last three years. The end must come very soon now. H ¿ia old grand-aunt does not die, and leave him her money, he must, in a few months at the most, send in his papers to sell and fly the country. He is involved beyond redemption. Mrs. Galbraith is quite right-in a marriageable point of view ne is determent»!." " Poor fellow," Paulina said, her eyes softening, " I am sorry! I used to like him very much. He was so handsome." "And is still. I wonder his handsome face has not won him an heiress long ago. It would, I think, if he tried, but he seems to have no time." " If he is ruined, as you say, how does he live ?" " By a well-made betting-book,hy a run of luck at cards, by cleverly-written magazine articles. Once or twice his aunt has paid his debts-he- tells me she has refused to do it again. ' He has gone across to Germany for the autumn races." They had reached the house now, and Rosanna was waiting anxiously m the doorway. Miss Lisle bade bim good-night, and Allan fane strolled home- ward through the sharp October night, thinking well, not of his wife, Sir Vane Charteris esme down for his ward at the expiration of the week, and Paulina went with him very willingly. It was pleasant to see her old friends, no doubt, but life in Duke Mason's house seemed- hopelessly dull to her now. < Is there ever any going back in this world ? Had she never left it she would have grown up there bappy and con- , tent ; now she could no more have taken up the old life than she could have wept burning tears over the sorrows of Amanda Fitzallan. On the night of her return she went to see Ristori in " Mary Stuart." The house was full, the actress magnificent, and Miss Lisle, in pale 'flowing silks ana pearls, looking charmingly. Two or three of her admirers were in the box; and when the first act was nearly over there entered Lord Montalien. His eyes lit as they fell on her, hers gave him the briefest, coldest possible glance. She did not like Lord Montalien-the girl's perceptive faculties were very keen. She knew him to be false, and cruel, smooth and deceitful. The expression of his mouth revolted her, the hard, cold glitter of big eyes made her shrink away. " I hope you found all your friends at Speckhaven quite well," be said to her as the curtain went down. _ . ,J ' I "Quite," «he answered briefly. "All who rt» main." ' i " Ah I you allude of «OUTM-* ' " I allude, of course, to my dearest,friend, Alice Warren. I töld you when I went to Speckhaven I should penetrate the mystery of her flight, and I have failed." There was a satisfied smile just perceptible about bis mouth-gone in an instant. " I feared you would. Her father could tell you nothing." " Nothing that you had not already told me-that your brother travelled with her up to town." " Then Guy is the man. Are you satisfied now that my suspicions are right?" " Would you like me to tell you whom I do sus- pect, my lord ?" " Undoubtedly." She looked at him-full, bright, dauntlesaly, and answered : "You." "Miss Lisle !" ., ,: " My lord, your brother Guy was nef sr the man Alice left home to marry. She never cared foryour brother-she did for you. Guy ¿nay have travelled ' up with her to London-he acknowledges it, indeed, but he had no part in her flight. He went to Mr. Warren's house, and told him so, and the old man believes him. He tells, frankly enough, his share in the business. He met her at the rail- way station, he travelled up with her in the same carriage, and at her request he drove with her to her destination. That destination he refuses to tell-she bound him by promise herself not to do so ; and Mathew Warren does not urge him to reveal it. ' He is bitterly, cruelly angry-he never wishes to heather name-if she came to his door a wedded Wife he [ would not take her in. He will never forgive her I he wilLnot lift a finger to seek her. But I will !" the blue eyes flashing-" I shall find her, and that before long!" " May flask what you mean to do ?" 1 - 'ii shall advertise-I shall employ the best detec- . i fives in London-I will move heaven and earth to find her!" , ? H " Arid when she is found, win she thank you, do you think, for thus forcing her from the privacy Bhe seems to desire?" ' ' " She will forgive me-we loved each other. Lord Mcntàlien, will you tell me the truth, will -you acknowledge you know where she is ?" " Miss Lisle, from any other lips the question would 1 be an insult, I know nothing of, Alice Warren., WheievBr she is, whosoever's wife^he may be, shea' i not mine. Will you not believe, me, when I pledge i you my honour, I speak the truth ?" " , '. She turned from him, and back to the stage, as' the > curtain went up on the next scene. Her face waa set with an .expression new to every one who aaw.har. " lisbali never rest until I know the truth ;. I .will never desist until I discover this secret I shallfiad Alice Warren if she be in England, and the man who promised to make her his wife 1", , (To be continued.J 