The Haunted Lighthouse. (A Complete Tale.) It was Christmas Eve. The old cap- tain looked curiously towards the light- house that the vessel was swiftly near- ing. "Come, Captain James, give us the story you promised— 'The Ghost of the Haunted Lighthouse.' They say you know all about it." "I say," replied the Captain solemnly, to the group of loungers gathered round him on the deck — "I say, many years ago, this very night, I saw there a sight that gave me more of a fright than any- thing I have seen or known, on water or on land; and I believe it is not pos- sible for some poor wronged creatures to rest quiet, be their graves dug on land, or their bones lying on the bottom of the ocean. You shall hear the whole story, gentlemen, and decide about it as you please." "Many years ago this night I was walking in a certain street in yonder port. I had been shipped for Canton, and my vessel was to sail the next day. It was a dark, ugly-looking night, though no rain was then falling. I had been to say good-bye to some of my old friends, and was hurrying through one of the principal streets on the way to my lodging-house, when a group on one of the piers attracted my notice; the time was unusually late. My curiosity being excited, I stood for a moment to see what was going on. Not being able to discover, I went nearer, and saw a party of four about getting into a row- boat that was fastened to the steps that led to the water. Wondering where they were bound that dark night, I stood looking on, till one of the party, turning round, saw me, and instantly came towards me." " 'You are late,' he said, in an angry, hurried way; 'you have kept us wait- ing a quarter of an hour, and might have seriously disturbed our business. Come, hurry on now, there's not a moment to lose." " 'You mistake the person,' I re- plied. 'I know nothing of your move- ments. I was passing by, and merely stopped to see who was starting out this dark night.' "He came near me. " 'I see — I see; your are a sailor, and can doubtless handle an oar? " 'I can', I answered 'if I please to do so.' " 'Come, then, he added; 'I have no time now for explanations. I engaged a man to row us to the light- house this evening; he has failed to keep his engagement. This party is expected there by a certain time. If yon can supply the man's place I will pay you liberally.' " 'Are you coming back to-night?' I asked; 'for I must be on board early in the morning." "You shall return to-night,' he answered, impatiently; 'only hurry now — delay may be dangerous.' "I looked at the dark sky, the boat, and the lighthouse in the distance, and concluded to go. I stepped into the boat, and the party decended. The man who had engaged my services followed me. He held a lantern in one hand. A tall, thin man, and a young man carefully bearing a woman in his arms, completed the party. The woman I could see in the dark; She seemed wrapped from head to foot in a long, dark cloak and hood, that envel- oped her head and features. Uncon- scious she most have been, for she neither moved nor spoke as the boat shot off from the shore. I pulled the oars with my spokesmen, and we moved towards the lighthouse a very silent party." "My curiosity grew stronger every moment. Who was this party moving off at this strange time, and what was this woman's fate who now lay so quietly in that man's arms? "The wind that had been rising now blew fearfully. Great rollers dashed up and down, and flashes of lightning showed the storm would soon be upon us. " 'Row for dear life; get there be- fore the storm bursts,' shouted my oarsman. " I heard a murmur from the tall, thin man, and as the lightning flashed upon him, I saw him repeatedly cross himself; and also saw by his dress that he was a clergyman. " On we danced over the high waves, but there came no sound from the mute figure in the young man's arms. A shudder, that no thunder, lightning, or sweeping wave would cause, crept over me. I might be in the presence of the dead. If she could only speak one word, scream, or stir, I should have been more easy; but silent, deathlike, she lay, while I, impelled by a nameless nervous, dread, plied my oars with increased strength until we reached the light house. "We were evidently expected, for an old man, lantern in hand, was leaning over the front balcony, and behind him in the doorway stood his wife, an old woman. They were looking out for visitors. As we were securing the boat with the chain, a peal of thunder, announced the coming storm. At the moment that the tall young man was getting out of the boat, the sound seemed loud enough to wake the dead. It touched the ear of the insensible, un- conscious woman. She started, her hood fell back; and she must have recognised her companion when con- sciousness returned, for she gave one piercing shriek, more dreadful in its distress than the thunder's voice. It startled and alarmed her companions, for they hurried her up the narrow steps and through the door, which they closed, leaving me outside, with every prospect of being drenched to the skin. "The rain now came pouring down. I stood at first on the top step, and then climbed over into the small balcony, hoping to be more sheltered; but there was no more protection there, and I in- dignantly returned to the door, to which I applied my hands and feet in the strongest manner. I was not wanted within, that was evident, for no notice was taken of my demands for admit- tance; so I added shouts between the pauses of the thunder. Finally I spied a rope hanging just over my head. I seized it, and finding it communicate with the bell overhead, I palled with might and main until the door opened, and one of the men roughly asked what I wanted. " 'Shelter from the pelting rain,' I answered, fiercely. 'You brought me here; I cannot go back, and there is no reason why I shouldn't be protected within.' " 'Certainly, no reason why you should not! Shut the door!' called out the old woman. I obeyed the order, and found my- self in the midst of the strange party. "My presence was embarrassing. I saw that instantly. My companion barred the door after I entered, as if other foes demanded entrance besides the wind and storm. "The clergyman stood, with book in hand, leaning one arm on a low shelf. The old woman sat beside the young girl who had been with us in the boat. I now saw that she was both young and beautiful, but her deep mourning dress made the paleness of her distressed face more pallid. Her eyes were bent on the floor, and her whole attitude sunk and dejected. The young man bent anxiously over her. As I entered, she raised her eyes imploringly to mine, and I involuntarily stepped forward; but my arm was violently seized by the man at the door. He pulled mc back. " 'Hush! whispered he between his set teeth. 'This is no unlawful business. I am that girl's guardian and uncle; that young man is her own cousin. Speak but one word of interference, and you are a lost man!' " A pistol clicked in my ear, and though no coward, I was silent. " 'Daughter,' spoke the clergyman, 'we wish to use no harsh measures, nor would we go against your will. Have yon not been pledged again and again to this young man? Have you not promised this night to become his wife, and why do you now hesitate?' "Oh Heaven!' exclaimed the girl, 'it is too true — it is, alas! too true. " The young man caught her hand passionately, and covered it with kisses. " Is it not true?" he exclaimed, eagerly. " Yes, yes," she returned, excitedly — 'it is true; but how was I brought to this place? You have deceived me. I have been duped, tricked, and by you, Herbert.' She drew her hand away. 'You, Herbert have joined in this de- ception. I shall go mad, I am fran- tic. My brain seems on fire now. My poor, poor mother! I see it all now — I understand it all. Take my money — it is that you want — but let me return to my wronged mother. "What care I for fortune, when love, hope, trust, have all been betrayed and departed? Take it, but take me only to my mother!' "She would have fallen with clasped hands at her lover's feet, but he caught her in his arms and raised her up. She did not resist. Her woman's heart would still have clung there for rest, though faith had flown, as the wounded and bleeding hound crawls to lick the mas- ter's hand that gave the cruel blow. "Come, come!" said the uncle, going towards her — 'there exists no reason why you should not consent immediately. This scene is simply ridiculous. There is no time for such tragedy.' "She turned round and confronted him, then she looked at her lover with blended sorrow and love. " 'There is no time for tragedy!' she repeated, quietly. 'Do you, Herbert, wish this marriage to take place this night under the circumstances?" " 'I do, Mabel,' he answered, without hesitation. " 'Heaven, help us all!' she said, quietly. 'I should like to be alone for a few moments — only a few moments." " 'Certainly! Our friend, Mrs. Rogers, will go above with you. Think it is all right; it will be for the best in the end.' " She made no reply, but followed Mrs. Rogers, who preceded her with the light. As she left the room she turned her face full upon us. " 'You will see how calm and com- posed I can become. I can resist no longer.'' "She waved her hand as she left. Her words made me uneasy. The others were impressed by them, for the uncle said: " 'She always was a creature of strange moods; her father was before her, and she is his only child.' " 'I hope we do not seem very harsh?' asked the young man anxiously. "A moment after Mrs. Rogers re- turned alone. " 'Poor thing!' she muttered, 'let her have her way for a few minutes. Let her alone; I'll go back for her.' " 'Young man,' said the uncle to me, 'the rain is now over. We will shortly return to the city. Until then we'd rather you wait outside.' "He then opened the door, and as there was no alternative I stepped out. The rain, as he said, was nearly over. The few last drippings of the shower came struggling down, but the thunder was growling, and the lightning came in bright flashes. I leaned over the balcony, thinking indignantly of the strange, wicked scheme I had uninten- tionally witnessed, and running over in my mind hopeless plans for rescuing this poor girl from them. "I stood leaning over the balcony, as I said, my eyes resting on the rocks below, upon which the lighthouse was built, when, in a pause between the thunder mutters, a noise above made me turn and look up. A similar balcony projected from the second story of the building; a door or window opened upon it. I had heard it opening, and soon saw plainly the young girl — her head was uncovered — standing on the narrow railing of the balcony, and before I thought or word came to my aid, I heard one long, wild scream, and over she plunged, striking the rocks below with a dull, crashing sound. I strained my eyes striving to pierce through the surging water. I know I saw her white skin, and fancied I saw the gleam of a white arm in the waves. I beat upon the door furiously. Without waiting a second, I pulled the bell-rope des- perately, and when the door was opened fear was stamped upon the face of every one in the group, when I exclaimed: " 'You have driven her to death. She has thrown herself from the balcony, and is now Heaven only knows where!' " The young man leaned against the door in a moment of weak despair. " 'Come!' commanded the uncle, 'to the boat! Perhaps it is better than we imagine.' "We two sprang into the boat, not waiting for the others. Near the spot where she had fallen something attracted my attention. Our horrible search was ended. "With other assistance we succeeded in carrying the body to the lighthouse. A mark on her forehead showed that death had been instan- taneous. " 'She could not have suffered,' said the uncle bitterly. " 'Had she lived she would have suf- fered more,' said I, sternly, looking from one to another of the appalled group. "Preparations were made for return- ing to the city, but I was an obstacle they knew not how to get rid of. The priest and uncle had several whispered consultations. Finally the uncle turned to me: " 'Young man, you have seen to- night what appears to you as mysterious and unjust. If you knew the history and circumstances of this young girl, you would pity her, but exonerate us from all blame. Her death is unfor- tunate, very, for more reasons than one; but we are guiltless. "We now return to the city, but we cannot take you with us.' " 'I had your word,' I said angrily. ' What am I to do? My ship leaves port to-morrow; you have brought me here; how am I to return?' " 'Every vessel going out sends a boat here,' he answered. There will be no difficulty about you gaining your ship; but I give you fair warning, if you insist upon returning with us, the chances of your doing so are against you.' "I knew I was in the power of a bad, determined man. Inwardly raging, but quietly, I said: " 'I will stay here, but we shall see each other again. You shall hear of me, sir.' "He gave no answer, and the boat, with its sad freight, moved slowly off, leaving me with the old couple." " The next day a boat touched at the lighthouse and I gained my ship, and sailed from port to port, and six years passed away before I returned; six years from that very night, my ship came in sight of that same lighthouse; and that's my story, gentlemen. " No, no, Captain! give us the rest. I know there's more," cried one breath- less listener. The Captain shook his head. " 'Better leave it — better leave it, gentlemen.' " 'No, no, the rest — the ghost part,' cried all. " Very well, then," continued the Captain, reluctantly; "but, in my opinion, it's better untold. Six years from that night, as I was coming home, the lighthouse hove in sight. It was a bright moonlight night, and when I saw it, the recollection of my visit there come back distinctly enough; and when we came nearer I leaned my head on my hand and puzzled, as well I might, over that strange night of life. It seemed like a dream, that time and change had obliterated; but there was the place before me, the steps where we landed, the door that I had attacked so vigor- ously. I could not see if the bell-rope still swung before it; but the balcony was there, and I raised my eyes higher; there was the upper balcony, and as I looked, in a moment before my eyes there appeared standing on the railing, in her dark dress, with clasped hands raised towards heaven, just as the lightning had revealed her to me six years before, the figure of that same young girl. "I expected to hear her shrieks echoing in my ear; I heard nothing, but saw her leap frantically from the railing. She did not fall below. There was no splash nor sound as she leaped. She vanished in thin air, it seemed to me, going neither above nor below. "Upon inquiry, I found the old couple, both dead, and no clue have I ever obtained of that night's mystery. They said the place was haunted. Well it might be." 