THE MUFF CRICKET MATCH. Oar readers will have seen advertised for the past few days that on Easter Monday there would be a "Fancy Costume Muff Criok6tl Matoh" on the Oval, and accordingly on Mon day morning the fun commenced. The players represented Salem Soudder (Captain), Clown, Nigger, Claude Melnotte, Wahnott«e? Dromeo,: Matadore, Man-of-Warsman, Dancing Mad, O'Callaghan, and Paul" Pry, on one Bide ; and Mephistophelp* (Captain),. Harlequin, "Saijor, . Marcf Antony,:-J"acfc?', Sheppard, ^TquPh'stdhe,', Prussian; Uhlan, -Admiral, Eob Eoy, Pohceman,* and the Earl of Essex on 'the other. " The' umpires chose the characters of Hamlet's Ghost (?) and: Richard III., as being most suitable to their positions. The match, if suchi it may be called, commenced by the team' captained by Salem Scudder going to the' wickets, the representatives being the Olown and Paul Pry, the latter being soon caught out, but as he objected to retire, another ball was given him,' which took his stumps. • The game was played with such an absence of ad hesion to the laws of the game that it is posi tively Impossible to describe it as a match. The vagaries of - the clowns, the peculiarly insane gambollings of the individual styling himself "Dancing Mad," the- inquisitiveaess of " Paul Pry " together with the misfortunes' which persisted in overtaking the "Policeman" I in his endeavors to keep tbe peace, made up such a scene as we suppose^ was never witnessed before on a South Australian oricket-field. It caused an immense amount of laughter amongst the visitors. There was no doubt that the players intended to make a burlesque of the game, and in this-intention -they perfectly suc ceeded. Our observation leads us to believe that there was a rule that each player should remain in a specified time and then retire, as all were given out in regular order as they went in. It was* "a 'matter'" of* very 1 little moment whether the stumps were down, or the ball caught, if the time was up the batsman had to •retire, and if not, he remained- at the.defence whatever' aocident ' befell his ; wicket.' Of course, in such a game as this, it was a simple matter of impossibility to keep any score. Getting runs seemed to be the lastjthlng necessary, and no one seemed to care whether they were obtained or not. Another peculiar feature in the game was that each man as he came "out went into the fieldj; bo that while those who wielded the willow first had only a field of eleven to contend against, the later batsmen had from 15, to. 20. This, however, all added to the fun,: and'as it was -peculiarly a matter'of taste with anyjieldBman ; whether he stopped the ball or not, it did not so much matter. The get-up. .was, Ton ; the . whple, fair ; but it must be remembered that fancy dresses are: made'for evening .wear, and candle-light will hide a~ good deal ;that the light of the sun exposes. There was a very 'large attendance'on the ground, there being at least 2,000 present; and as the proceeds are to.be devo'ted. towards, the improvement of the Oval, we trust that agoo'dround. sum will beplaced to" the credit of the Association. His Excellency the - "Governor visited the ground: during the = afternoon, and remained a short time ' wit nessing, the game. Schrader's Baud was hi attendance and' played a number of airs. Altogether the affair was a complete success, and caused a vast amount of amusement, every one that we .heard speaking of it expressing himself as perfectly satisfied with his after noon's sport, • ', 