SCROOFER AND fl^HERS. By N. Waltk»»S{kan. ' \ ^ IN FIVE . ' Paht II.—Sceoofik'b Mr. Scrooffir was at tnnesahsentfronrha house for days together. He wa& geotetfljr regarded > as a misanthropical person^. wfa» 'war inn<>netrn.YiiIe: to thai luwmlxltbM of shouting. Grateful clients hadput thte magic question to him, sad -tendered ready Shilling. Obsequious iriltoed'fiM waited for thenaroeaf the lftuw he ww" patronise ; he wasasked to *lte it,0but ' declined the unahacMed-huaiifcy of'free 'drinks. He name of friendship to' takesomething, thafc Bpmeth&g; beheVetsb' soft. He l . been patheticauy importuned hy his admirers to name his wealriheaS;ri»d-shorn '-sxphdSe. Every alluringdrfe&r; irithto the resuoiueaof Bro wnhlll hats, *rom cOckta^tosbandy-giifF, had been ^pfllsdfojr%entatiVely, -fcatlhd vrfiii imperrious^tothe" bhmdiSh^tts. Wit wasnowond^. msrowMiiH taeflfr egreed^turi: he was^ritfcfereed acqrdril^h to the i Jtor ari This betogeo, f the balm ^jpfe] aeeorted itself by,1 curiosity odDOerma driqkingT The ifi nifcely entered the $efte loved eoit^the frerttof his looked tottack tmdsftent that MafArfaaaa senoescB-ttt' phrt^i^te'oi'' *pothe<suy%%dttb«h*t wis) atreeiwtoi " oouldi is** saspkioas place* to keep every possible , itaer that wight hod its way oatsiie con " within the room. Even a hat of Sr. ; et'eis janntaJy bang up as a preventive, tHl it looks as tbougbbis own ghost had been dismembered and pitchforked there, to super vise the operations of a man with & dim This man looks to be one of the pipecfaj-dttgers, only be is so much of an '«T pipeclay-digger that the re is at once pat aside ss deceptive. B* clayed slouching feat is drawn far over his faoe. wnich has smirches of pipeclay on it, too; hue bands are smeared, but be handles the papers in so deft and clerkly a fashion that I he cannot be a digger. He takes documents J and letters from the box., and pats them into 1 a ragged pocket; he extinguishes the light, Snd moves stealthily about the house from one room to the another. He lets himself set by the hack door, and slides away into At soon next day, when the diggers were ia the street, Mr. Ninfer drove in from a Mootfagexcurskm. He put his horse np at the stocks of the red hotel, walked to the attorney's office, and knocked at the door. He knocked go loadly and so persistently, he asked those attracted by the knocking so aaxkraely whether they had seen the attorney, that be communicated alarm by his manner; if not ty words. He returned at intervals that day and the next On the afternoon follow, fag the door was fenced open. Office and rooms looked as usual, but neither Scroofer nor trace of his whereabouts were there. Bcowv&dll; fermented and searched, the police and in coarse of time Scrootefs were taken into custody, and r passed oat of remembrance. Bach limited gossip as the washed-out landlady permitted before her daughter and amongst the matrons sornmnding her cot tage had crystallised into a species of tradi tion that the dedc of courts kept a slave, between whom and hrsmastersfaange scenes that were hiuanning to oar common humanity took place at irregular hours of the night. The constant burning of candles, and the out landish talk, had startled that respectable female same than once, but she became used to the habit, and rested undisturbed when foreign language was at its height within her beat room. She pictured the gende figure of the guileless Hindoo salaaming to the clerk of eouzfa and otherwise yielding to his behests with all the social weakness so vividly por trayetf in iDnstrated nrismonaiy books. She swa ne him a present of a cheap Bible once tar«« bom ta o. »- , and she took a kind of cha ritaUe Christian interest in him, feeling some kind of vague starring working upon be spirit, thatsbe might yet be instrumental fa jdndring him as a brand from the burning. Bet his demeanour might not have carried •ot those preconceived notions had she seen bim a couple of nights after the forcing open of fceroofer* premises. He was luxuriating wu tbematting that was especially Iris, in that silken contemplation of delight which opium gives. The quick movement of the hand to the waist or to vacancy, the dying away and rising of ideas impossible, but present and veal to him—the gorgeous ^phantasies, inter mixed with keen fears and ineffable delights, -exhibited by the wide eyes and pulsating mratrfla. exhibited by sadden starts as from fain to pleasure, bat most of all by the mocking happiness of his face, and mutter fags, and by the complete world that was isolated to him by the influence. To see thoaghts the same rioie the figure of the master sitting beside the cast-off digger's dress he wore an evening or taro before in Scroofer's talent Bouse—tosee him, also,isolatod from afl other soands or thoughts but those suggested by the papers before him—to watch the haggard -weariness of his face, and the sweat and yafa that grew these—you and I should have thought me derk was the slave, and that the master was fas reposing figure with the 'hand* and face of snch a warm bronze, with teeth l&e; the teeth ofhosnds, and liquid eyee ts which there was no fathom or record. What was before Ninfer? Let as read what litis "Some of the older officers believedit—they feared it, and dreamed of it—but the majority tao aecustpamdto trample upon the na »toljitofyoouldnot,oryoald not, believe MHlpfaed flf the enrage necessary for A mutiny.With ray limited experience I tiwt^bfc X could nee fa the lowering and looks signs of the fenumtumbf re . Some of the servants who were : to us became more supple, and their ' changed to fawning, as week fob -eek. This tome was a new source -linear It was one evening when ■an came heme drunken and cruel from whra jdhwtioivsostocio-of ftffjg jfpgfrtif Iwiiiati .at, and aude my life a round of darter ef and faiaeqy—itwaa whenthefirat ' -"5J5Sri5SE^®g IfoigivBine^ that the streets with Mack faces and wOd s me from in dgf; to naaU that toe Heorgeheaniitand ed face paled, for be .; n rdfaTrmdhei on hiss word. I i toe streets': object My!; my. window Off! c2H\ ««e; moonlit; «-f! wwrtngi upright on his horse, soaking to shapetess ness; then gleams on the shining empty saddle. Volley after volley. shoving men running wildly away, some pitching forward like spent rockets, some rinking qiwj down as to rest. Frantic screaming from the Mack throats, and a wild, irregnl&rnish; to flight before the firm, trained sowieis of fetfata «twu>ily marching and firing. As they came nearer I saw that women and children were behind our men, enclosed in a sort of hollow square. I saw ladies in their night-dresses, many of which were stained lei with " " "—J ~r —f hmr etamnftri tUoUj vi w*"v« — the blood of soldiers. They stopped below where 1 was sitting, mid s colonr sexgeant ran no with a cold, menaiew face, that looked like stone (his young wife and child had been killed). He told me hol lowly to come down at once, and in a mmnte I was with the restbareheaded. in the streets. It woaM only pain, me to allude further to whatoccurred daily—to describe the suffering, bravery, and fortitude of the men, and the feathery inspired around the stronghold m which we took refage—how they repelled the attacks of the native troops and kept us tall rescue came. No one ocmld tell me of my fmyhftnd except a boy of 15, who said he saw him hurried off by the retreating sepoys on the first night; he was swept past a tree where the lad was hiding, and be knew him, , be mdd, by his long black beard. I put my | h«nds up to hide my face, red with shame at i the thankfulness that crept into my heart. What oould I do? Some of my dearest fpmik were massacred. India was hateful,: and Mr. William Moore, who knew my; fnendleesness, offered me shelter in his Australian home. That is my story. Is my pnahand dead? Am I free? I ask mreeli fluff questions daily. I have asked_ Mm Moore, who H»m never changed in her sisterly lore to me from that time in India to the present. Come and see her." . i The writing which foQowe is in a largefree i hand, and Ninfer reads cm—" I havegiven, you her story first, mother, because it wm : explain what follows. It wm my proposal of yirmg* fhat «Ji«A the explanation forth. I saw Sim. Moore, and came back with tire write as my wife. Yon hare seen women i with clear Wue eyes, and with yellow Mir . that seemed struck with rich red tmges; but I do not think you ever saw honester or ; tenderer eyes, richer wealth of toess man | here, or a face so noble and sad as as her taoe. 5 it as I write to-night, it sails up in1 the gloom; its with me now._ I sometimes think I am going mad. Do spirits visit earth. Hook up from the white paper, and ahem me, wearing the same refined look as when last her eyes were cm mine. The papers 1 following have been written by me at differ ent times, some long Define there was any shadow of misfortune, you will see hoy shortlived was the happiness I enjoyed. I '"pw'Ttgy Thpmfia'M'nggw lives in a wooden box with two doors, his residence is situated I nearly opposite mine, at Gray's Rush, when the first pOe of his house, was dnren the I worthy gentleman put a spirit level on it, and declared 10 20 of his flock, who had assembled to watch the ceremony, that it ypn flpft Bkshookhsnds ! (A round, and invited them to show their 1 sincerity in the sacred cause that day begun I by subscribing for s verandah and the neces sary r""*- The rev. gentleman speaks from 1 a void in his throat, and offers up extempore nwfw with savage earnestness. He s the most relentless hunter after sm the dinrrfi militant ever possessed. t He prowls after diggers who chop wood | on Sundays, and launches anathemas at I foem with inspired freedom. He walks amongst the highways and hedges, repre sentedhere by baric hutsandcalico tents, to compel people to come to bis gospel feast, and as the entertainer, his prodigality with [ fortf does equal honour to his head and heart. He says that from a chrid he has known the Scriptures; I believe him. Bat he passes ova the plewntor pans of that 1 volume with sorrowful dpairt as to plenary inspua&m.; Mr. Mugger is at his best when Ipimruling timral anathemas. . , " Hit» permitted man to judge his brethren. I should say of Mr. John Seth, the | Gray's Bush tinsmith, thatthefeaturesof the complicated temperament which he has in 1 herited in a general way from humanity are— 1 first alove of beer, and second, a hatoed of Mr. Hugger. Mr. Seth has, of ooaae, minor and Moonduy eharactensoca, such gg in the donooft futon® of aHneafln mining ana the results of deep I «nlan& allied to a sublime faithin his own {■A- hot for the dominant guides of the: timmitfi rive me bottled beer and Mr. ifnppwr, where or whai Mr. Seth imbibed > toeuking fa pale ale I do not pretend to I say- like Mr. Mugger's knpwiedge of the swinfannf, it may nave commenoed at an I S^bat Iteamthat the Mugger soti nothy was developed one 8atarday night whM tire reverend gentleman csUed to torist cm his renouncing toe making of pannikins after 12 o'clock. White gesticuteting mjon the sinfulness of % JETWt soldering iron on the ministers pslm, and thefnxdthereuponbegan. It is impossible tohasard s speculation at thewodringsa , Mr. 8eth'shaarty because he nevaunasbeshis 1 times, and again judging by the mannsr fn toedf*hre * ' ------ him on the apiritiialwsirSfll for toehottom toe aad wlato,'into Aming sides dottedas llStpvv wS? S»w jout im&t; tin ton* jyuMhe nips ; in ben .orapot m sm* mi yjjyppt'. >■ -.! 1 ™1 vto'Twsmkair,uisferihAiAai the topple. IT! he at the pannikins to-Dight. Cuas him, he'll hey to hollar high if he wants hearinV " Scrupulous to take no advantage of his confidence. I say, ' Why not f " * Why not? emphasising himself by bend ing one knee, after the fashion of the pictured nobility, who by a proper use of that simple joint exhibit hereditary ease of manner—' Why not 7" still farther emphasising himself by stretching out a hard black palm, this tame, Hkea lecturer laying down abstract principles—4 Why not T indignantly Bumming up the question as fatuous and altogether imbecile, and for which he holds me, for the tame being, in much contempt. ' Because Mugger is gtrin' to hev a " muffin struggle." and l mean to be heetd in the calico taber nacle es well as him, thafs why. Blast yer throat «nil longs,' thereby those of Mr. Mugger. "' Then I mast wait 7 , "4 No man ever waited on Peter Seth yet This with proper artisan pride. 'He knows his doty, an' does it* pointing to himself, with bin bent artisan thumb, as the embodi ment of artisan ability and faithfulness to those who employ him with doe regard to artisan " And that evening, T am bound to say, the clatter and din of artisan labour rose high above n?wgmp and addresses. Buckets toppled over in «niim rtnnhen, tin sheets rolled thunder, unci the hammer beat as though one of the Cyclops was behind contract time, ninl had engaged Tubal Cain for the night. From oat of the sublime faith which Seth had jn his luck he assured me the rain would wait, and I am free to admit it did. "There is a fear in happiness such as mine. The TTiari who has experienced it knows the jealous dread that underlies the fullness of joy. Would it be of the earth if it were not bo ? From the light on our lives the shadows must Ml somewhere. The shadows from ourselves »«d oar fears, no doubt, bat the shadows nevertheless. Amongst crime and criminals, at the wooden court-house, one hoar; in her presence, with parity and peace, tire next Defending rascaldom wad ing with rascals through the mire of their meanness, trying for a gap of escape—step ping between innocence and guilt, by search ing out the complications of vice and wrong, with emotionless wwninfih wearing the thin veneer of sleek clothes, replacing the uniform of gaols with bloated sin, wearing the thin veneer of contrition pulled over their licen tious feces—with every phase of violence, and lost, and cheating, wearing their several characteristic veneers over their several Mark iiMwes and nastin<m. Him to the home, where the glowing brawn son is chastened, aid the refinement that womanhood creates has grown—and tire happiness and calm, be sides, that womanhood can create more natu rally, more tangibly, more pervadingly than all the refinements that ever grew from their deft; fingers and ingenious fancies in all this wodd. The little solitary cottage, the calm high woman presence, the light of welcomes in ber face and in her form, every shifting light that strikes her yellow hair a light of welcome, every glad gleam of sun that fells upon her; or pari her, or near ber, a gleam of welcome. lights in our rooms dancing on polished chairs, knocking sparkles ont of everything that shines, from parlour to kitchen; glittering on glass and gleaming on tin, all sonny welcomes from herself down. She the creator, and yet the embodiment and ultimate of all the thousand welcomes that lie in our solitary cottage she, my wife. 411 try to write coolly. I try to reconsider it all—meaning by this, I try to believe thatmy impressions today were only caused by the darkening of the shadow from the light that is over me—meaning that the jealous fear for us, which lives with me and underlies the joy, is nothing but a ghost. I try to believe that I am growing morbid. I far to think my self through and pastthefear. Why should the man have well-formed hands ? Why should they particularly attract my attention as such? Why should they accompany and so vividly contrast with bis bloated face and the folds which dissipation has hang from his eyes sod chin, mocking the alteration which formed the contrast ? Why should he speak pure and educated English to mode his tatteredness and his grovelling abject trembling and misery? But why he leer at me with some shade of »»*— in Ids dead eyes? Wire should he belie hiniMif with his hands aneech? Is he to be the outcome of the shadow that hovers about my happiness—a wander ing, fori, drunken wretch, who ia a came to soaety. The usual story by the police is 4 drank and disorderly: this fellow was rliawod with the helpless and hopeless drunkards who fare 'not disorderly, and he stood them shaking as if sbalqnig his■' vitality oat—as hang in some other {dace arid presence when he shook out his vraU pnmoonoed English and his ooqle of vdl turned sentences. Of course, he wardirnuieed with a caution. He tamed to look fall ai ms with his lame fiahy eyes befomcmnaogjha tiirmholif. of ifce court. I saw Ids shadow7 acrom the doorway, fluttering its shadows of tattera on the red gravel like the shadows of fluttering wings. I watched tin * on the stops, and snatched till ff» h«/l 1 and after a pme both \ loom, woethinltt dressed In nwpfHisfcfo dotfaing.> Onthat I watch I saw the door 1 nfahL ftM too BeVa Thorn rimUssdZn wfaSo^ rif sflencpand oitfh mom anxioas1 for ihe llw than "* oneaaeinmyi , .tfpfcrik J in the Indian mutiny, now a vagabond and a wanderer. Do yon begin to know what is the matter of moment I allude to; do yon think yon can understand what it is the vagabond and wanderer haa^ot^to apeak to you of, and of what—eay of whom—he is going to ask you? Growing loader, bat without a particle more of expression eater* ing the filmy eyes, not pausing for an answer, bat hurrying along his lesson—' Vagabond and wanderer though I be, I cannot part with the feelings of a gentleman as I did with my commission, i cannot tin „ cannot throw those instincts away as I did my uniform. I came , _ „reat grief the grief that made me the vagabond and the wanderer I am, only to find that the cause of that grief bad not perished at the hands of sepoys ss I had thought, hot that As was alive and well, living m comfort, while her husband,' striking his breast and glowering at me from his baggy eyes, 'was an outcast, a hopeless outcast* sir; and a miserable vaga bond. I come to ask yon what all this means. I came to ask of yon an aooonnt con cerning my wife, Julia Travels, with whom you are now living in adultery.' "What was I doing? I don't know. I know of no words to describe the feeling with which I regarded the bloated speaker. It t mint was a sent of intense fascination, and yet a fascination that permitted me to think of the cruelties he had been guilty of towards her, that permitted me to think mistily of some means of escape; but rushings of broken some means of escape; thoughts and mad whisperings kept always before me the fact of our bein^ atone. I did not even hear all he said, becanse of the fascination of him and the thought that whispered 'alone,' so that it blotted oat half his words. Alojte swelled to big red idf overgrown capitals before my eyes, and I had him by the throat, whispering, 'Say that again, you miserable wreck, you cowardly hound. Repeat those words again—repeat them. I say; and as sure as there's a God in heaven, I"U crush out the remainder of your wretched life.' '"Don't kill me, dont kffl me; I've a witness here,' muttered the late captain, with the instincts of the gentleman. been too 1 It would have been too late; I should have killed him there with my strong hands had not strode to shadow i larger that stained the greenness. "'The Lord of Hosts has delivered spoke the last coma on the side of the rigl to prevent crime; you are saved.' Hosts has delivered von, ma generally; 'He fights righteous; fife interposed The wreck Tr&vera; tamed to Mugger, and rayhw wc might to him once more for the important waved his hand at him to gut awayhw words and Iris interference, that he might leave the in 'The conversation need not be inter rupted,' went on Travers hurriedly, with the burthen of the unspoken lesson still on him, his face wearing the same desire to travel on to life purpose, his cold eyes nnlighted, and his hands travelling round the dothes after the ghosts of the discarded rags—always the same from the first moment of this interview tOl the last. 'My friend here knows my business with yon ss well as I do, and I go on to say, my mend being witness, that this wandering life has unfitted me for the habits that rait her with whom yon live. He knows, my witness and friend here, that I sought yon in a forgiving spirit,' waving at rite friend again, as at some tool neces sarily present for a purpose, 'in the hope that some arrangement might be arrived at— the means to obtain an asylum, or some kind of home, where I can finish life quietly, without thinking of or seeing either of you again. This is what my friend mid witness here thought reasonable—this fe all I want as a recompense for the vagabond life I have been reduced ta My friend and myself have determined to obtam this, or, failing to obtain it, Hie request shall be preferred in another manner, and in a more public place.' "'If you think I am going to bay the silence of scoundrels rack as you,' I said at last, with a drill fear thrilling and creeping up upon my passion, 'you are mistaken. There lmonemr psasam, yon i is law in vi^mria to deal with conspiracy, and you shall both feel its force before a week fe over: Out of my way,' to the grant Rev. afupflwr He did not move, and almost before he knew he was lying stricken, like a human fungus ss he was. I saw btm wking the » I waT ttm and dust from life face as f walked "Weroade hurried preparations to leave for BrownbllL I had heard of a splendid cbanoe there. I had had a most pre but the chance could not be sored unless our arrival was immediate—Immediate. Our departure must be> hasty, partaking of the character of a flight even, not wfi must get there at once. We weald lose it If we were not there in a couple cf dsys—there was no tame to consider no time to settle detail; I should return and .do ftst Shis char presented must be pefied at any risk, fori dfeacretthetoledhcy^iadoahttoqiridc fortune and uhUl Itmnat be taken ad* vantage of at once-dfc onoe l Incdberendee of the chance and the fortune it earned— Wiiioifnit nmHfasBi of ih* necessity to be away and at Brownhfil without thelOss of an hour or a minute—till tint irigbt inoohe .renctaa and hastry ahd preparation. All _ _ ureaS to nldce ready to . ^ vftftirtunore of vague feats work* ~ ^ ^^afcrirax^qing voice, the; tingatinringola mm •' vwsM &$sM& came again, except tie change, dial Ss alt). fether indescribable by me, which came ai our before she died in my arm* at Brown-hilt. I buried ber, mother, in a group of old sohtar r trees, and in many a still night I am with her at her grave. You knew /alia Barldetgh, who left her family for India with Dr. Toron—the Barkleiglis of Kent My wife was Julia Both, leigh." . . . Then followed a similar writing in colonred ink, written as a memo, on the manuscript "Mary Scroofer, of Kent mother of James. Scroofer, of Brownhxll, died Feb. 4—wife *»d mother in the suae month." "Jaha Barkleigh !*' wbispered Ninfer In agony, as he leaned his face upon his hand, and sat haggard above the papers till day light came. 