MR. FETHERSTONHAUGH'S SERMON. TO THE BD1T0B OF THE ABGCS. Sir,—I am glad to gather from the manful utterances of the Rev. Mr. Fetheratonhaugh, as reported in Saturday's issue, a tendency to drive right at the centre of that which separates earnest men on both sides of the religions question. As long as that doctrine of eternM punishment stares men in the face, there matt ever be a terror of free expression of genuine thoughts. Frequently I have been impressed with your denunciations, Sir, of the so- called intolerance of " orthodoxy"; and from your stand-point it, no doubt, must seem absurd that men should insist so strongly on their views of the Sabbath and of other, matters. But excellence of life is not tbe main end of most modern Christianity. The object is to save souls from hell; and who can wonder at it ? Let us consider the doctrine for a moment. The majoritv of men are walking without forgiveness; and though we are forbidden to decide as to any particular ease, we are tacitly to admit the grave conclusion that the majority of men are damned. This means tbe extreme torture of fire for—not a year, not a thousand years, not ten millions of years—but for eternity. I profess not to believe this ; but pray let no one sneer at a belief held, it is sad to say, by millions of tbeir fellow creatures. Some divines, indeed, say thst they look on the expressions in Scripture as figurative, but add consolingly, " if the figure be so dreadful, how terrible the reality ?" Granting, however, that many sincere men bold the doetrine, is it so hard to conceive why they should recklessly disregard the charges of it. liberality and intolerance, and seek by any means to save a soul? The following lines, which I have found in a hymn-book, Nothing » worth a thought beneath. But how I suy suape the death, That never, never dies £ should not seem poetieal exaggeration to a man who professes to believe this, the most awful' dogma ever propounded. The real marvel is that a smile ever cresses the face of a believer in damnation. See that clergyman who benignly discoorses some bright Sabbath morning en the excellence of the. Christian character, lie wishes to move " by love " as much as possible. " It is true," be- will sigh, " men will, refuse the wondrous mercy of the Creatorbut be does not like to dwelt on the consequences. The congregation separates, and the good man goes home to his dinner 1 A kind of happy animalism possesses men, else how account for this calmness on such a subject? There is a kind of belief which under certain circumstances only will exist. Take that vigorous man who, in the clear sunlight, laughs at ghost stories, : and place him " at noon of night" in the churchyard, and alone—be will tremble. Shall I ; show, by a recent matter of fact, the natural effects of the doctrine if rightly realised? With great pain of mind, I transcribe from the Arytu of February 10, part of an account of a man who 1 killed his three children and then himself. The following are portions of a letter copied . verbatim, written by tbe wretched man, and found on a table in the bouse " To the People of Bung Bong.—Kind Friends,—Thinking it would be best to say a few words about what I am going to do. First, there is nothing I want to live for, so I am going to die. Second, if it be true, as most Christians would have us believe, there are very few adults will ever get to heaven. Perhaps the chances are 1006 to 1. If it be so, I think it a crime to try to bring more into the world or state where tbe odds are so much against them. There is one bright side to this dark picture, that is, all children will go to heaven (so, for love, I am going to send three); as for myself, I expect to go to the same place. Thirdly if nature did not take its course, I feet that my time would be short,and do not want to leave my children." This is enough. Surely here is a ne plus ultra of human tragedy. Yet, look at the matter calmly, and say, granting the premises, is the conclusion so very extravagant ? " Oh," says one, "this man acted both foolishly and wickedly; we should leave the state of the unsaved to an all- wise God ; faith banishes such terrors." Tell me, will your faith alleviate the torments of those you believe to be in eternal buming9? I do not argue the truth or falsehood of the doctrine. The question is. Is the belief held ? Let there be no paltering in the matter. Here is no room for the proprieties. Which of the two deserves more credit after al^ that man who endures to be called bigoted and narrow-minded, for acting out his belief to the extent of his power, or he who, professing to hold this doctrine, yet gains the reputation of large-mindedness and liberality for not alluding to it? I feel convinced that many hesitate to express their true ideas, in the fear that they may possibly be wronp, and that some poor soul may by their misguiding be led to destruction. What I desire is, that the whole matter should be thoroughly sifted by all honest men, for it is clear that at present the doctrine cannot be firmly held, even by those who profess to prove its reasonableness.—I am, &c.;, EARNEST. 