HUNTING. THE MOUNT GAMBIER HOUNDS. BY POST-AND-RAIL. "Lo, their riding is reckless, their courage is high, And, regardless of cropper or spill, Their 'oxen' they rattle, their 'raspers' they fly, At the biggest of timber they will have a shy, And while horses can wag, it is 'Never sav die.' " Monday last was perhaps one of the best days that could have been selected for the opening run of the season, for in addition to the day being a general holiday, it was a very suitable one in respect to the weather itself, and I doubt if a more enjoyable one could have been had, had it been made to order, for "a cloudy sky and a dull morning betoken a hunting day." The run was gene- rally supposed to have been a light one, but to my mind it was quite stiff enough, and I should much like to know, if this be so, where the stiff 'uns are to come from. The throw-off took place at the back of Mr. Blase's paddock ; from thence the line of country selected was across the intervening farms southward—straight as the crow flies to Mr. Hirth's paddock, where a check was made. After a breather of a few minutes the hounds were again laid, on, and took across the farms in a circular direction to Mr. W. Hirth's, where the run ended. There were 14 fences in all, including two 4ft. 3in. doubles, and the distance four miles if a yard. Punctually to time the Huntsman was there with his "spotted beauties," and presently the hunters began to "hurry up," and by a few minutes after 11 a. m. there was a large number of people at the rendez- vous, including, amongst others, some of the most fashionable "turn-out's " of the neigh- bourhood. I was somewhat late in arriving on the scene, and reached there just in time to see the field moving off towards the start- ing point. The Huntsman, riding his trusty Casterton, was accompanied by the Whip, a small party of the name of "Johnston." Scanning my eye over the field I noticed that Mr. Vyner was mounted on the fractious little Darkie, who is settling down to his work and goes steadier than usual; the flying Poppet, ridden by Mr. J. Locke, jun.; Curratum, rather raw as yet, by Mr. C. Newton ; the clever Meteor, by Mr. A. J. Laurie; Mr. J. Tyler was on Stockings, the latter performing very differently to the last time I saw this rider on him ; Mr. B. Davis on Mariner, the latter performing in anything but his best style; Mr. A. Gardiner on a grey, the former wisely pulling off at the check when he found his horse pumped ; and Mr. J. Hughes on The Cid. Penola was represented by Mr. R. L. Simpson, who happened to be in The Mount. He piloted Bluegown, and followed as far as the latter's condition would permit him. The hounds on being uncoupled did not pick up the scent very readily, but after a while they found it and went straight away. The first fence, being a simple one, was got over by all, but the next obstacle or two caused some tailing off. The hounds were now working fairly, and presently a stiffish double hove in sight, the field generally taking a steadier before coming to it. The Huntsman popped into the road and out again, followed by Meteor, Poppet, Darkie, Curratum, and Mariner, all together. The field was thinning out con- siderably, the pace being a fair hunting pace. The hounds (11 couples) had settled down to their work right merrily, and were led in fine style by "Barmaid" and "Tippler," two of the best animals in the pack. Several youngsters were out for the first time, and gave promise of turning out good dogs. Ap- proaching the check several of the ancient pups had dropped astern, which furnished the Whip with ample employment. The field had by this time been thinned out, and the negotiation of the double into the check paddock was confined to a select few the Huntsman, Darkie, Meteor, Poppet, and Curratum ; Mariner, the grey, The Cid, Stockings, Bluegown, &c.;, came up some time afterwards, most of whom entered by the gate. The Whip here evinced a deter- mination to smell the clover, but he was not hurt in consequence. After a few minutes' spell the hounds were again laid on, and this part of the run was seen much better than the first portion of it, as the country traversed led over some beautifully- grassed paddocks which flourish in the neighbourhood of The Mount. Each jump could be seen from the road without difficulty, but nothing eventful occurred during the journey. There were no spills, and the field had become very select. Entering the paddock in which the run ended the Huntsman, Meteor, Curra- tum, Darkie, Poppet, and The Cid were in first, and a few minutes after them came Stockings and Mariner. The first-named three went from beginning to end without mistake; Darkie, a difficult horse to ride, ran round one fence and took Poppet with him, but beyond this contretemps, which however threw neither out of the hunt, both went like "a bird." The hunt was an ex- cellent one ; the pace was good all through, notwithstanding the inferior condition of many of the horses, and as for the pluck of the riders, that was undeniable. The first run of the season must therefore be regarded as a great success, and when next the hounds furnish us with as good sport, may I be there to see. I must not omit; to mention a mishap, which occurred to a young gentleman who was riding a horse with as much white about him almost as Pepper's ghost ! This hap- pened not over the timber, but on the flat, and added another to the many instances of the uncertainty of horseflesh. What added to the mortification of the rider was the damage done to his irreproachable "get-up." I was glad to see, however, that neither man nor horse sustained any injury, as both came up "smiling" afterwards. 