THE SECOND NARRATIVE. f THE OSTLER'S STORY. TOLD BY HIMSELF. Chapter IV. It is now ten years ago, since I gofi my first warning of the great trouble of my life, in the Vision of a Dream. I shall be better able to tell you about it, if you will please suppose yourselves to bo drinking tea along with us in onr little cottage in Cambridgeshire, ten years since. The time was tho close of day; nnd there were three of ue at the table — namely, my inothor ; myself ; and my mother's sister, Mrs. Chance. These two wero Scotchwomen by birth ; and both were widows. There was no other resemblance between them that I can call to mind. Aly mother had lived all her life in England, and had no more of the Scotch brogue in her tongue than I have. Aly aunt Chance had never been out of Scotland until she came to lccep house witli my mother, after her husband's death. And when she opened her lips you heard broad Scotch, I can tell you, if ever you heard it yet ! As it fell out, there was a matter of some consequence in debate among us that evening. It was this : whether I should do well or not to take a loug journey on foot, the next morning. Now the next morning happened to be the day before my birthday ; and tho purpose of my' journey was to offer myself for a situation as groom, at a great house in the neighboring county to ours. The place was reported as likely to fall vacant in about three weeks' time. I was as well fitted to fill it as any other man. In the pros perous days of our family, my father had been manager of a training stable ; and be bad kept mo employed among the horses from my boyhood upward. Please to excuse my troubling you with these small matters. They all fit into my story farther on, as you will soon find out. AI poor mother -was dead against my leaving home on the morrow. "You can never walk all tho way there and all the way back again by to-morrow night," she says. "Tbe end of it will be that you will sleep away from linmo on your birthday. You havo never done that yet, Francis, since your father's death. I don't like your doing it now. Wait a day longer my son — only one day." For my own part, I was weary ef being idle ; and I couldn't abide tho notion of doiny. Even ono night might mako all the difference. Somo other man might take time by the forelock, and got the place. " Consider how long I havo been out of work," I says — "and don't ask me to put off tho journey. I won't fail you, mother. I'll get hack by to-morrow night, if I have to pay my last sixpence for a lift iu a cart." My mother shook her head. "I don't like it Francis — I don't like it !" There was no moving her from that view. We argued aud argued, uutil we were both nt a dead lock. ft ended in our agreeing to refer tho difference between us to my mother's sister, Mrs. Cliancc. While we were trying hard to con vince each other, my aunt Oliance sat rtS dumb as a fish, stirring her tea and thinking her own thoughts. When we made our appeal to her, she seemed as it were to wake lip. "Ye baith refor to my puir judgment S" alio says, in iior broad Scotch. We both answered Yes. Upon that my aunt Chance first cleared the tea- table, and then pulled out from the pocket of lier gown a pack of cards. Don't run away, if you please, with tho notion that this was done lightly, witli a view to amuse my mother and me. Aly aunt Chance seriously believed that she conld look into the future by telling fortunes on the cards. She did nothing herself without first consulting the cards ; and she could give no more serious proof of her interest in my welfare than the proof which she was offering now. I don't say it profanely ; I only mention tho act — tho cards had, iu some incomprehensible way, got themselves jumblotl up together with her religions con victions. You meet with peoplo nowadays who believe in spirits working by way of tables and chairs. On the same principle (if there is any principle in it) my aunt Chance believed in Providence working by the way of the cards. " Whether you are right, Francis, or your neither — whether ye will do weel or ill," the morrow, to go or stay — tho cairds will tell it. Wo aro a' iii tho hands of Providence. The cairds will toll it." Hearing this my mother turned her head aside, with something of a sour look in her face. Her sister's notions about the. cards were little bettor than fiat blasphemy, to her mind. But she kept her opinion to lier- Belf. Aly aunt Chance, to own tbe truth, had inherited, through her Into husband, a pension of thirty pounds a year. This was an important contribution to our house keeping—and we poor relations wero bound to treat her with a certain respect. As for myself — if my poor father never did any thing else for mc before ho fell into diffi culties — he gave mc a good education, and raised me (thank God) above superstitions of all sorts. However, a vory little amused me in those days ; and 1 waited to liavo my fortune told, as patiently as if I believed in it too ! Aly aunt began her hocus-pocus by throw ing out all the cards in the pack under seven. She shutlled the rest, with her left hand, for luck ; and then she gave them to me to cut. " Wi" yer left hand, Francie. Mind that 1 Pet yer trust in Proavidencc — bnt dinna forget that yer luck's in yer left hand !" A long and roundabout shifting of tho cards followed, reducing them in number until there were just fifteen of them left, laid out before my aunt in a half circle. The card which happened to lie outermost, at the right-hand end of tho circle, was, accord- tog to rule in such cases, tho card chosen to represent me. P>y way of being appropriate to my situation as a poor groom out of work, the card was — the King of Diamouds. "I tnk' up the King o' Diamants," says my aunt. "I count seven cairds fra' richt to left ; and 1 humbly ask a blessihg on what follows." Ar_v aunt shut her eyes as if she was saying grace before meat, and held up to me tho seventh card. I called the seventh card — tho Queen of Spades. Aly aunt opened her eyes again in a hurry, nnd cast a sly look my way. "The Queen o' Spades means a daivk woman. Ye'll he thinking in secret, Fran cie, of a dairk woman When a man has beeu out of place for more than three months, his mind isn't troubled much with thiuking of women — light or dark. I was thinking of the groom's Published by special arrangement nub the Author. All rights reserved. J place at the great house ; nnd I tried to say so. Aly aunt Chance wouldn't listen. Slio treated my interruption with contempt, "il oot.toot ! there's tho caird in your hand. If ye're no thinking of her to day, ye'll bo thinking of iior to-morrow. Where's tho harm of thinking of a dairk woman ! I was anco a dairk woman myself, before my hair was grey. Haud yer peace, Francie — and watch the cairds." I watched the cards S3 1 was told. There wcro seven left on the table. Aly mint re moved two from one end of the row and two from the other, and desi'td mo to call tho two outermost of the three cards now loft on the table. 1 called The Acc of Clubs, and the Ten of Diamonds. Aly aunt Chance lifted her eyes to the ceiling with a look of devout gratitude which sorely tried my mother's patience. The Aco of Clubs and the Ten of Diamonds, taken together, signified — first, good news (evidently the news of tho groom's place!); secondly, a journey that lay before me (pointing plainly to my journey to-morrow !) ; thirdly and lastly, a sum of money (probably the groom's wages !) waiting to find its way into my pockets. Haviilg told my fortune in these encouraging terms, my aunt decHned to carry tho experiment any further. "Eh, lad ! it's a clean tempting of Proavidenco to ask nmir o' the cairds then the cairds have tauld us noo. Gao yer ways to-morrow to the great hoosc. A dairk woman will meet ye at the gate ; and slio'll have n hand in getting ye tho groom's place, a' the gratifications and pnirquiaitcs appertaining to the same. And, mabhe, when yer poakct's full o' money, ye'll be forgettin yer aunt Chance, maintaining her ain un blemished widowhood — wi' Proavidencc as- sistin'— on tbratty punds a year !" I promised to remember my aunt Chance (who had the defect, by tho way, of being a terribly greedy person after money) on tho next happy occasion wlion my poor empty pockots were to bo filled at last. This done, I looked at my mother. Sho had agreed to take her sister for umpire between us — and her sister liad given it in my favor. She raised no more objections. Silently, she got on her feet, and kissed mc, and sighed bittorly— and so left the room. Aly aunt Chance shook her head. " I doubt, Francie, yer puir mither has but a heathen uotion of tho vairtue of the cairds !" By daylight the next morning I set forth on my journey. I looked back at the cottage as I opened the garden gate. At ono win dow was my mother, with her handkerchief to her eyes. At the other stood my aunt Cbauco, holding up tho Queen of Spades by way of encouraging me at starting. I waved my hand to both of them in token of faro- well, and stepped out briskly into the road. I t was then the last day of February. Bo pleased to remember, in connection witb this, that tho first of Alarcli was the day, and two o'clock in tbo morning tbe hour of my birth. Chapter V. Now von know how 1 camo to leave home. Tho next thing to toll is what happened on the journey. I reached tlie great house in reasonably good time, considering tlie distance. At tho very first trial of it, tho prophecy of tbo cards turned out to be wrong. The person who met me at tho lodgo gate was not a dark w-oman — in fact, not n woman at all — but a boy. He directed me on the way to the servants' offices ; and there again tbo curds wore all wrong. I encountered not ono woman, but three— nnd not one of tho three was dark. 1 have stated that I iim not superstitious, nnd I havo told tlie truth. But I must own tlmti f did feel a cer tain fluttering at the heart wlion I made my how to the steward, and told liim what business bad brought me to tho house. His answer completed tbo discom fiture of aunt Chance's fortuno-tellinc. Aly ill-luck still pursued me. That very morn ing another man applied for tho groom's place, and liad got it. , 1 swallowed my disappointment as well as I could— and thanked the steward — aud went to the inu iu the village to got tho rest and food which I sorely needed by this time. Before starting on my homeward walk, I made some inquiries at the inn, and fouiul out that 1 might save a few miles 011 my re. turn by following a now road. Famished with full instructions, scx-cral times repeated, as to the various turnings I was to take, I set forth and walked on till the evening with only one stoppnge for bread and chceso. Just as it was gotting towards dark, the rain camo on aud the wind began to rise ; and I found myself, to make matters worse, in a part of the country with which I was entirely unacquainted, though I guessed my- self to be some fifteen milo3 from home. The first house I found to inquire at was a louoly roadside inn, standing on the out skirts of a thick wood. Solitary as the place looked, it was welcome to a lost man, who was also hungry, thirsty, footsore and wet. The landlord was civil and respectable- looking ; nnd the price ho asked for a bed avas reasonable enough. I was grieved to disappoint my mother ; but there was no conveyance to be had, and I could go no farther afoot that night. Aly weariness fairly forced 1110 to stop at the inn. I may say for myself that I am a temporate man. My supper simply consisted of some rashers of bacon, a slice of home-made bread, and a pint of ale, I did not go to bed imme diately after this moderate meal, but sat up with the landlord, talking about my bad prospects aud my long run of ill-luck, and diverging from those topics to the subjects of horse-flesh and racing. Nothing was said either by myself, my host, or the few laborers wlio strayed into tho tap-room, which conld in the slightest decree excite my mind, or set my fancy — which is only a small fancy at tho best of times — playing tricks with my common-sense. At a little after eleven the house was closed. I went round with the landlord, and held the candle while the doors and lower windows wero being secured. I no- ticed with surpriso the strength of the bolts, bars, and iron-sheathed shutters. "You, see, Ave avc rather lonely here," says tho landlord. "We ue\er have had any attempts made to break in yet, hilt it's always as ivell to be 011 the safe side. When nobody is sleeping hero, I am the ouly man in tho house. Aly svifo aud daughter aro timid, and tlio servanc- girl takes after her missusses. Another glass of ale before you turn in — No ! — Well, how such a sober man as you comes to bo out of place is more than I can understand for one. Here's where you're to sleep. You're the only lodger to-night, and 1 think you'll say my missus has done her best to make you comfortable. You're quite sure yon Avon't have another glass of ale — A-ery well. Goodnight." It avas half-past oleA'en by tlie clock iu tho passage as Ave went upstairs to tho bed room. The window looked out 011 the wood at tho back of the house. I locked my door, set my candle on the cheat of drawers, aud wearily got me ready for bed. The bleak wind Avas still blowing, and the solemn surging moan of it in the wood Avas very dreary to hear through the night silence. I felt strangely wakeful. 1 resolved to keep the candle alight until I began to groAv sleepy. The truth is, I Avas not quite myself. I Avas depressed in mind by my disappointment of tbe morning ; nnd 1 was aa-orn out in body by my long walk. BetAveen the tAVO, I own I couldn't face tho prospect of lying aAvake in the darkness, listening to the dismal moan of the wind in the AA'ood. Sleep stole on me before 1 was aware of it ; my eyes closed, and I fell off to rest, with out ha\'ing so much as thought of extinguish ing the candle. Tim next thing that I remember Avas a fai"t shivering that rni thrw. L me from head to foot, and a dreadful sinking pain nt my heart, nuch as T had never felt before. Tbo shiA-cring only disturbed uiy slumbers ; tho pain woko ms instantly. Iu one mo ment I passed from a state of sleep to a state of wakefulness— my oyes Avide open — my mind clear on a Biidden as if by a miracle. Tbn candle had burnt down nearly to tbe last morsel of tal'ow, but the unsnuffed Aviok had jnst fallen off, and the light wan,' for tbo moment, fair anil full. Between the foot of the bed and tbe closed door, I saw a person in my room. The per son was a woman, standing locking at mo with a knife iu her han.'l. : It does no credit to my courage to confess it — but tbe truth is tbo truth. I was struck speechless with terror. There I, lay with my eyes on tho woman ; there tho woman stood (with tho knife in her hand) with her eyes on me. She said not a word as we stared each other in tho face ; hut she moved a little — moved slowly towards tlie left-hand side of the bed. The light fell full on her face. A fair fine woman, with yellowish flaxen hair, and light grey eyes with a droop in the left eyelid. I noticed these things and fixed them in my mind, before shexvasquito round at tho side of the bed. Without Baying a Avord ; with out any change in tho stony stillness of her face ; without any noise following her foot fall, she camo closer and closer ; stopped at the bed- liead, and lifted tlie knife to stab me. I laid my arm over my throat to save it ; but, as I saw tbe blow coming, I thrcAV my hand 'across tlie bed to the right side, and jerked my body over that way, just as the knifo came doAVn like lightning on tlie mat tress, Avitbin a bairsbreadtb of my shoulder. Aly eyes fixed on ber arm and her hand — she gave mc time to look at them as she slowly drew her knifo out of the bod. A white well-shaped arm, with a pretty down lying lightly over the fair skin. A delicate lady's hand, with a pink Hush round the finger-nails. She drew the knife out, and passed back again slowly to the foot of the bed ; she stopped there for a moment looking at mo ; then she camo on xvithout saying a xvord ; without any cbango in tbo stohj' stillness of' her face ; without any noise following her footfall — came on to tho side of the bed where I now la'. Getting near, me, sho lifted tho knifo again, and I drew myself away to the left side. She struck, as before, right into tbe mattress, witli a swift downAvnrd action of her arm ; and she missed mo as boloro by a hairsbreadtli. This time my eyes xvandered frem her to tho knife. It was like the Inrge clasp-knives which laboring men uso to cut their bread and bacon witb. Her delicate little fingers did not hide more than two- thirds of tho handle ; I noticed that it Avas made of buckhorn, clean and. shining as tbo blado was, and looking like iicav. For the second time she drew the knife out of the bed, and suddenly hid it away iu tho wide sleeve of her goxvu. That done, she stopped by tho bedside, xvatching me. For an instaut I saw her staudiug in that position— then the xvick of the spent candle fell over into tho socket. The flame dAvindlcd to a little blue point, and tho room grew dark. A moment, or les3 if possible, passed so— aud then the xvick (lamed up, smokily, for the last time. Aly eyes wero still looking for her over tbo right-side of tho bed when the last flash of light camo. Look as I might I could see nothing. The woman with the knife Avas gone. 1 began to get back to myself again. 1 could feci my heart beating ; I could hear tho xvofnl moaning of the wind in tlio wood ; I could leap up in bed, aud give the alarm before she escaped from tho house. " Mur der! Wake up there ! Murder !" Nobody answered to the alarm. I rose and groped ray way through tho darkness to the door of the- room. By that xvny she must have got in. By that n ay sho.inust have gone out. The door of the room avas fast looked, exactly as I had' left it ongoing to bed! I looked at the window. Tlie Aviudow was fast locked too. For'a moment I stood lost in amazement. Then, hearing a "voice outside, I opened the door. There was tho landlord, coming townrds ine aloug tho passage, Avith his burning candle iu one hand and his gun in the other. "What is iti" he says, looking atmcin no a-ery friendly way. I could only answer him in a Avhispcr. " A woman, with a knifo in her hand. In my room. A fair, yellow- haired xvoman. She jobbed at 1110 Avith the knife, twice over." He lifted liis candle, and looked at me steadily from head to foot. ' "She seems to havo missed you twieo over." " I dodged the knifo ns it came down. It struck the bed each time. Go in, and see.!' Tlie landlord took his candle into tho bed room immediately. In less than a minuto he came out again into the passage in a vio lent passion. "The deA-il fly away with you and your woman Avith tho knife I There isn't a mark in the bed clothes anywhere. What do you mean by coming into a man's place and frightening liis family out of their xvits by a, dream ?" A dream ? The woman who had tried to stab mo, not a living human being like myself? I began to shake and shiver. Tho horrors got hold of rao at the bare thought of it. " I'll leax-e the house," I said. " Better out on the road in the rain and dark, than back again in that room, after Avliat I've seen in it. Lend me the light to get my clothes by, and tell mo xvhat I'm to pay." The landlord led tlio way back with his light into tho bedroom. "Pay?" says he. " You'll find your score on tlio slate when you go doiA-nstairs. I x\ ouldu't havo taken you in for all tbe money you've got about you, if I had known your dreaming, screeching xvays beforehand. Look at tlio bed. Where's the cut of a knife in it? Look at the window — is the lock bursted ? Look at tbe door (which I board j-ou fasten yonr- aelf) — is it broke in ? A murdering xvotnan with a knife in my house ! You ought to bo ashamed of yourself !" Aly eyes followed bis band as it poiutod first to the bed, then to the window, then to the door. There x\\-as no gainsaying it. The bed sheet was as sound as on tlie day it xvas made. Tlie window xx-as fast. The door hung on its hinges as steady as ever. I huddled my clothes on without speaking, Wexventdownstairs together. 1 looked at tho clock in the bar room. The time xx-as twenty minutes past two in the morning. I paid my bill ; and the landlord let me out. The rain had ceased ; but the night xvas dark, and the wind was bleaker than ever. Little did the darkness, or the cold, or the doubt about the way home matter to me. Aly mind was axvay from all these things. Aly miud xvas fixed 011 tho vision in the bed room. What had 1 seen trying to murder mo? The creature of a dream? Or that other creature from that world beyond tho grax-e, whom men call ghost ? I could make nothing of it as I walked along in the night. I had made nothing ot it by midday— when I stood at last, after many times missing my road, on tlio doorstep of home. The Baltarat Courier reports that a little girl named Hodges, residentontheDevonshiro Flat, near Buuinyong, felt into a shallow hoti on Friday morning and xvas drowned. Sho had not been missed more tbon five minute. 