Selected Poetry. THE DOOR BETWEEN. By Laura C. Redden. I know it was thine own, hand that shut it And locked it-but I throw away the key, And so the dour can never more be dpoend 'Tsit stands so grimly betwixt you and me. Tllhough solnetimes I have aInecld that I heard you Pleading and knouking oni the other side, we.uld not answer, lor my heart was sullen, And made so cruel by nly wounded pride. And there are hours when I have knelt beside it, Anigh to death for just one word from you ; Alnd you, in turn, were proud and would not answer Flr anything thlat I culd say or do. And sometimes when I lie 'twixt sleep and waking, I think tile door swings back to let you in ; But when I spring to give you eager welcome, I only icee the ghost of 'wlilt has beon. And often it my sleep my heart is asking, -' Where is the key ? Alas I where is the key ?"" And I anrlse and vainly try to oellen The closed door that is 'twixt you aind me A lady 'out Went,' who was urging some friends to stay to dinner, felt disgusted wlhen her eight your-old ibuy came in and said,' irs eJones says silo ann't snare no bread, andl Mrs Brown aint at Ionie, so I didn't got any Iutter.' 'The friends thought they hald better dtino elsewohere, and the lady thought so ton ; hilt sIhe taltght the boy tlhat the way of thie transgressor is hard before tie evening. 'rThe devouring of ia boy by an alligator is reported by the I'ort lDenison Timues. " On the evening of the tlih iis t., at buy aged abolut 10 years, the son of IMr lttorkr, of Eiurl Creek, was dragged by til alligator into at witerhole :lose to his father's house. It appeirs that this tihy alid his elder brother hull been ongigedd getting pigs into a sty, and tlhat the )ioor l.it whll is gone wenlt to the edge of the water-. bole to wash a green-hito rope, wlhieh they thad been usinl with toe pilg. Whilst lie wast so engaged, his little sister. wiho was sitting on the bank hard by, saw tile alliuator seize the tiby by the lae, nid drag him undelor water. She gave the alarm, but it walt. of course. tooI late ; the brute lihad dragged the boy down to the ottomn, aind nothling more was seen of him for severial days, when it leg and at portion of his clothing floated to the surface." Many petcrsn, besilde sehtolhoys and students. us he le phrase' lie is It In icek,' without thle least. LIen that it is san)pised to liei of it classic origin. It is said that King Auesilaus, being tasked by an tim. bassoalor fromt Etilrus why they had no walls. for Sparta, replied,, ' We hatve.' PIlinting to his mar. s!ulled army. he aild, 'There iro the walls. of Spartt ; every nlnl yop see is it brick.' Whence conies it that, in Clatr's face, The lily only ihas its place ? Is it beranllso the absent ruso Iles gone to paint her husband's nose ?. At a Noew York Sundly-schlool. not long. since, a little boy was crying Ibitterly. The school'mistress, upon inquiry, learned tlhat lie had lost Ilis mother; and she, in sympatlly, remarked to the scholars that no one know what a loss it was until they haid lost a mother. anti that Johnny had good cause for crying. At this moment a little urohin jumnped lup and said, ' Oh. mai'am, you just wait till he gets a step-mother, then you'll hear him cry I' The practice of " sitting upon a man," an it is calleid, universmlly prevails in Persia, and it is not easy to denl with it. Still it may be dealt with; and Sir John M'Neil, a shrerwd old Scotch diplo matfst, who was once nciroeditod to the Persifan Court, contrived to get rid of a Persian who htad to ".sit" upon him by a rather clover device. At the New Year. which is kept as a great festival in Persia, religious mendiennls gonabout, not so muchl asking for ilime, its insisting upon a fixed lunt. They generally lax it foreien ambassador rather highly. ltnd ono of them, a dervish. demanded ain extrava gent sum front Sir John I MNell. Thu Scotch diplo. ilmtist offered to comnnromise with hir for ally reasontale amount, but his offer was refused, and, its lie would not give mnore, the dervish proaclded to "sit" upon him. lIe established himlself in Sir John's garden, just ,before his study window ; and every Inow and tIihen during the aily, and whenover he woke up at nighit. this dervish set up a horrible hllthaloon, anId blew it cracked trullmpot. Sir John, who did not like to liave Ihis rest disturbed in this way, determined to put a stop to the dervish's tricks, and eject him by firce ; but he was solemnly warned by thu Perhi,n authorities tlhat it would he.danger onis to lay lumnli upon the dervishl. ' Get rid of hhnt if yoi call," eaid they, ltugihing, as they are wont toi do at at Minister's perplexity; " but do not touch him." " Very well," said Sir John dryly ; and lie sent for it bricklayer. " Build me it wall round that hIowlinu begugar in my garden," stlid Sir Johll to the bricklttyer, " inid then roof it in."' The dervish looked on composedlly while the wall rose slowly round him, itnd made more noise thal , over ; but, when lie perceived that they really man ait to shut him Ip in the tomb alivl, lihejumped ovor the lowvest part of the wall Iand rutlshed away like a ianlliat!. Sir Jiohn wIas problibly tie only Europoan who ever got Lhe better of it dervish. Th'liie hitt c aul miivu, lofty hile of wlht to do with the interior of Liicster-.tqullaro is tlhat of a gentle nllllf who is Uilli',us to CeIreit on the iresent spilct it lower whiicih shll rival that of. lunh1I, and it tinin a hcicht if 1,500)It. Ile iprplton th:at tile summitsMhall be ieulhucle by IIteu l of aLn hIydraulic lift for the use of thoi, whit aire scant of brea?th, and promises to iholse who reach the top in safety at view of the s(a. talld atll tIhl advanttgeis it fresh air. I ialso propoIses to have rooml whiC ii hll will lJt furnished or un furniishel to nch tas wish to live, beyond thli reachll ift London smoke iand notise. and at rellts varying witll the allitudel chosen. This idea of i giganutie tower has IIlready been atdoipted in Aninrica, iandl at lthe International Exhlibilign, to be held int lhilai delphi?l in 1870, one of the chief features will be a tower a tllousand feet high, to prove to, the world that even in such tlhings tile States can build taller thl.m, the rest of creation. Curious Names.—In the course of my experience I have met with some singular surnames, as, for instance, Godbelieve, Gotobed, Godholt, Godson, Brandywine, Portwine, Beer,Cakebread, and Drink- water. Hell, Heaven, Death—a corruption of the old Norman D'Aeth—Coffin, Allbone, Smallbones, and Graves, Wellbeloved, Allgood, Goodall, Too- good, Goodman, Kind, Dove, Love, Dearlove, and Dearman, Oldham, Youngman, Younghusband, Backham, Middleman, Blackman, Whiteman, Red- man, Greenman, Stiffman, Hardman, Longman, Footman, Cheeseman, Bridgeman, Jackman and Dollman. De Foe has been thought to have invented the name of Crusoe, but there are still Crusoes in England. In the city of Ely there is a market- gardener called Applegarden, and at Basult, near London—where Warwick, "the Last of the Barons," fought and fell—there is a nurseryman named Cutbush. In London there are two firms, respect- ively, Ridley and Latimer, and Flint and Steel. ITInn Ur -ThI slowly starving editor of a paper In Bratleboro, Vermont, drops In poetry as followes- Wit had sweet dreams the other night, When all Iroulnd was still ; We dreanmed we as:it a hosat of folks Pay up their printer's bill. We wish the dream would come to pass, And our empty pockets fill. The Colorado papers are bragging over the wonderfully restorative effects of their climate upon an Ohio ludy, who could not sweep her room at home, but shortly after her arrival in Colorado was able to chase her husbanud a mile with a pitchforb. Passing a Given Polnt.-- A bridal procession in the East End was four hours in passing a given point. That point was a tavern. 