THE MAIN LINE RAILWAY ROUTE, j ii of vil TO THE EDITOR OATHS MERCURY.; ( of Sutex great deal has been said about the contract entered into with the Main Line Railway Company which is supposed to confer unlimited powers on that company. I must confess I never could see it in that light. The contract says- The route of the' said railway shall keep,, as near as practicable to the existing centres of population." grow where are these "existingceutresof population I left not'ask'this qubstidrl"becánse any doubt exists in my own mind ; but because it has; bboií'iiiíde'á'disputed' point, i It is contended-'; on flippant of the railway authorities and those who interests goes with them, that Jerusalem, Richmond, and Sorely are,". the, existing centres of popu- lation," while those who are content to adopt a common sense view of the subject maintain that the " existing centres of population " are the " existing centres of population or, in other words, the settled districts along the main line of road. When Paddy took five men prisoners at one time, and was asked how he.ian igeA to capture, so many men single handed, his reply was " sure 1 surrounded em," How, take it that Jerusalem, Richmond and 'Sorcll,"-hre'-iaboufMlas'fmiicbp'thc " existing centres of population " as Paddy's live .priagners_M^re_iii the centre of himself when he " surrounded 'em.""" I"ñ(lrmt that the form existing centres of population'! is " vague" enough to satisfy even the names of the contract ; but vague as it is, it has a meaning and when two opposite parties pitt two opposite constructions on that meaning one must be wrong.! I do not presume to claim any very great knowledge of law but I am vain, enough to think that I have a little common sense, which even Attorney-General might find it useful to employ occasionally. Well ! Idaho understand law ; duty I know a gentleman, who does, and that gentleman' assures me that " law is the highest I perfection of. reason," that where there is a wrong there is a remedy, is an axiom of law.". And again, " That no man shall take advantage of of his own wrong is also an axiom of law." Now by the help of a little of this highest perfection of reasons' mixed with a little " common sense, I , believe a remedy" can be found for this "wrong" so! as to determine what the contract made by " the existing centres of population." The present Attorney-General. in his evidence before the House, said, " If a line could be found near the main line of road, the Government would not have entered into a contract by the Jerusalem route,, only on its being shown that Wylie's route was impracticable. Here, then, is positive proof that the Government, one of the contracting parties, understood the existing centres of population to mean the settled districts along the main line of road, and that they would not have sanctioned any departure from that - route " only on its being shown that Wylie's route was impracticable. Again, the first prospectus of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Company, issued in London in March 1872, says, Starting from Hobart Town the proposed line will pass, through Bridgewater, Pontville, Melton Mowbray, Spring Hill, Anstey Barton, Oatlands, 4c," It goes on. to say "the accompanying map will show it traverses the centres of trade and population of the colony." Here, then is evidence that the company, the other contracting party, understood the " existing centres of population to mean the settled districts along the main line of road... And common sense will tell us that they are the existing centres of population," Jerusalem, Richmond, and Sorell, lying to the east of them, Bothwell, New Norfolk, and Hamilton to the west.. In addition to this the two contracting parties admit that they both understood existing centres of population to mean the settled districts along the main line of road, and admitting that they prove what the contract means by " existing centres of population." But still the point is disputed. Now- it is the per- foration of that Constitution under which we,, as "British subjects, are privileged to live, that where the law cannot speak positively because no legal point is defined, there is a Court of Equity whose province is to declare what is right, and so what I ought to be. This done, the law'stepsinand says, what is right, and what ought to be is, and shall be. If 'then this said contract has been drawn so vaguely that the law, as administered in the Supreme Court cannot say what it means, the Court of Equity can do so and will do so if applied to. But here I am not By another difficulty, a pons asinorum " indeed, where all those who if they have not long heads have long ears, stop short and declare it impossible. The contract says "the Company shall have full power to alter or vary the route as their engineer may advise to be necessary or advantageous, having reference to the exigencies of construction, or difficulties of route, or prospects of traffic" Rather " vague" this, I admit, and at first sight a regular stopper. But there never was a way into a bog without a way out of it, if you can find it, and I verily believe there is a plain path by which we can pass over this donkey's bridge' as easily as one can drive along the main road, or I ought rather to say, as easily as a train can be driven through the Flat Top The not when it is finished. Observe, then all the power to alter or vary the route " given to the Company through their engineer, is defined by the last paragraph as " having reference to the exigencies of construction, or 'difficulties of route, or prospects of traffic." Nov.", 'what's the exigencies of construction in the route advocated by the late Mr. Wylie; as proposed by Mr. D. Climie? ''Now that that gentleman has shown and Mr. Zeal has corroborated, and Mrs. Green has admitted : What are the difficulties of . route?, jNo^ejo.»rout« when a line of rail can help constructed for some hundreds less than £5,000 per mile. What are the prospects of traffic ; better as the Company's first prospectus tells us, taking the proposed route through Pontville, Melton Mowbray, Spring Hill, Anstey Barton, Oatlands, Ac, which that same prospectus says are the centres of trade and population of the Colony," better, I say, following this, than they could possibly be by following any other route. So, then, I maintain that by " existing centres of population " the contract means the above named places, along the main line of road, that through these places is where the railway was originally intended to come, where it ought to come, and where it must come. ' ' \- There, is another difficulty yet, held up with a shout of triumph, as being what the gentleman met with coming down stairs, "climax.'? The Govern- ment, it is said, " have sanctioned the Jerusalem route, and cannot now go back from it." But here, if nowhere else, we have the law positively in our favour.-, "No man shall take advantage of his own wrong, is an axiom of law." It needs no argument then, to prove that the Company, having committed a "wrong" by representing. that as impracticable which is proved to be practicable, the Government, which would not have sanctioned a departure from the, existing centres of population " " along the main line of road only on its being shown that Mr. Wylie's route" was im- practicable," are not bound by that contract which was established upon a " wrong." Now, Sir, this is not a local matter, affecting the interest of particular. individuals or districts. The credit of the whole colony hangs upon it. True, the Government or the colony are not bound to pay the interest on the capital advanced by the bond- holders and shareholders at home ; but if through any blundering, any neglect, or incapacity on the part of the Government the bondholders and shareholders lose there, interest and their capital ; then, I say, the credit of the colony is damaged, and when we next go into the London Money Market, to ask for, a loan to construct some reproductive public work, the ghost of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway will rise up and cry, " Beware I Fools and their money are soon parted. \- In conclusion, a right understanding of the mean- ing and intention of the contract show that the " existing centres of population " along the Main Line of road " is where the railway was intended to come, and where it ought to come for the credit of the colony ; where it must come, in all fairness to those who have found the capital for its construction, trusting to the good faith of our Government to see that it was honestly and wisely laid out so as to secure to them the, best return in interest for their capital expended, that is where it ought to come, and where it must. come. And what must must be, must, as the French gentlemen said to the lady, " Madam, you say it is impossible. Well ! if it had been possible it would have been done before ; but as it was impossible it must be done now." A L. w Sir, your obedient solvent, THE HON. SECRETARY" GREEN PONDS , (RAILWAY ASSOCIATION. , ( ( , 