THE BAPTIST UNION AT NOT TINGHAM. : ' I From our Specif Correspondent. 1 Tin one of Ahe jprorincial reports of the' Baptist Conference jit Nottifigham a remarkable pecu liaritywasf mentiOn&d.; A Mayoral banqdot given to the delegates'was rioted ^th tiiple^agnB of: acclamation as the first event of thekind in the history of .the denomination. '/ Possibly, rwfceh1 you have heard aJL you* may thinkthat oven etranger incidents happened at Nottinghamin: the Baptistjweekthandining vrithA liveMayor.; Tbemissionaiy meetings whichtookplaoe were .the most zealous and importarifctbat have."been; known in this country Jiorisome years. ■ The; apostolic spirit which broke forth at KetteringI fully 80 years ago :iB:stiU rampant: among the - { successors ofMarshman andGarey. .TheBaptist: Union . session wasy from: first to last, ^ mis-1 sionary demonstration—rather a phenomenon to .observe in the town which. Mr. Bradlaugh, the chief, of. theEnglish atheists,; has honoured by .'claiming to represent it in Parliament. ; At. pre sent Mr. Bradlaugh is edifying, cur Trans atlantic cousins,: and Nottingham did. not miss Him much in Union week..... . i.; .... It was on a damp raw .October night that .the. session opened-with a sermon in Derby-road."Chapel* : ' The- preacher was the. Be v.. J.-Clifford, of.London, and his text was; the blind 'man's vindication Christ against! those whodenied. the. miracle,of opening, his, ByBBtr; jiurem :jb. a. Duureiiuue uuu^^wttb jr« . knownot from whence He is, and. .yet- He .'hath j opened mine.eyei&": Oh.this basis Mr. Clifford' elaborated; a forcible-reply to those who dis parage thenrission and thB work of theSaviour. In.ahomelybut teUingwayhe observed, for the: benefit of Professor Huxley, that there are' other laboratories than those of the South Ken-; singtonMuseum,. and dots of animated jelly and■ invisible bits ofprotoplasm are not the only! verifying phenomena. Next morning (Tues-I -day), the Missionary Conference, which takes j preference of. all- else, commenced Jin: Broad-' street ChapeL It was presided over by a. local] .Alderman and an ex-Mayor,;Mk Viekers,whoj .many years ago had the honour , of : dispensing i .the hospitality of tho towri to Her Majesty, and: thePnnoe Consort.: .He was /very much, upset: at the .very opening of business by a. news, para-1 , graph put into bis hands, which informed • him ■ of the .sudden death of his friend Mr. Paget,: . long known and. esteemed , in; .Parliament .while' member for the Borough. Mr., Paget and his j wife had been on the: rocks at Filey ;one .after-1 noon when a huge wave swept r them away. A' young lady who accompanied them .was rescued,; but .they' were, both drowned. -Though a Dni-; tarian in.Iaith he was highly reBpectedby allj classes in Nottingham. Hissad death was re-: ferred to at the. Conference .with.warmest ex- i pressions of regret. •• •. Alderman -Yickers's address, was .aiueid and .instructive.retrospect-;of missionary, enterprise: in the Baptist.Church. _ It .announced An hLste- j rical.factjof some interest—that the question of! ^foreign missions- had; been first broached1 by! " Carey at a meeting of ,the Northamptonshire Association held' in Nottingham in May) 1792.: This preceded by four or five monthstHe founda-; : tibn of the Baptist Missionary Society at Setter- ■ ihg.; The Bev. G. B. Lewis, of Calcutta, reported1 ^on the present state ef missioh work in" India.; Very unlike seme other 'missionary treasurers whp have beenmaking themselves heard -lately,. ■he spoke of the experience of."the past year as; .encouraging; and as&aring.-;' Contributions had < been larger than ever before,: and there seemed! no.reason to apprehend a decline. 'But there i were less ..favourable., facts—which he; had :to .place. before the.' Conference. The stafP1 of. European missionaries ini Bengal and the' north-w^tern provinces, was -now reduced; to I thirty. Of these nearly; one- half were unequal j to full-duty—eight being at home on sick.leave, and six others requiring to;be furloughed .es soon aB their places could be filled. 7 Inanswerto a question as to what measureswere being taken for raising, missionary rpcruits, Dr. -Underbill .explained. that one . had been .been obtained in India—a student of one of the American Colleges .—and that on the previous night tire Committee had accepted theservices of a.young mm from the Metropolitan Tabernacle. The Birmingham Auxiliary had, in celebration of its jubilee^ resolved, to raise a, special fund <of a thousand pounds for equipping and, sending out Ave new missionaries. At a subsequent stage of the Con ference three young men. were introduced who had. de voted themsel vea to ;miaaon duty and were about.tqprqeeedtotheEast. Twoofthem, Messrs. Pearce agd MeKenna, had .already]: laboured for yeqrs in-India, and real for God's work had induced them to offer tiiemselyesJagain. ], The third, Mr. Pestonji, was a Parsee "bybirth^but had been converted when young and educated for the Presbyterian Church in .Bombay. . Since then he has held aV professorship at King's College^ London. This creditable and lucrative^ position he renounces tor the sake of satisfying, his ^.conscience. as bo the > truth of Baptist principles. - All three of these mis sionaries-elect Addressed the. Conference with greqt acceptance., The valedictory charge to them was delivered by the Venerable Dr. Culross, who spokewith; 'moving fervour of the nobleness and sanctity, of missionary devotion. On the sainenight there was a public meeting, also .on behalf, of missions., - jlore. than two thousand. five hundred people crowded into the Mechanics', HaU, and an-assembly radiant, with interest in the souls,of the:-heathen listened for hours to the eloquence of veterans; like Dr. Brock, Mr. Page of Bengal, Mr. 'Bampsen of Calcutta, &c.; i How thoroughly ,they scanned, and surveyed, and sketched tire great mission field over which-the Baptists, haye spread their spiritual energy. The- 'Chairman,: Alderman Bnrran, of Leeds, -ably defended them against the charge of abusing their,influence!with thp natives for political purposes. They had never, he said, sought to agitate except such foul evils as slavery, and he was proud, to. believe, that Baptist missionaries ; had done, their share in ridding thq West Indies of that diabolical system. Dr. Brock took up this ,vindicatory strain, and toAowed .it put with great-'-effect !:in .demon strating the captiousness mid superficiality of many criticisms passed on mission work. .He averred that "there were. reviewers, and novelists, and editors, of various designations, who were continually saying, that our mis sionaries were not free from the fault "of exag gerating-the truth, and that at a pinch they could even originate the. false. English earls an d English doc tore could go ah over 'Cod's j earth and God's ocean; and then come home and' write, books, and put coronets on the covers, and add to the poor vapid - literary trash already in circulation—trash by. which our "English manli ness was becoming sadly deteriorated, and our English womanliness osadly debased. - English earls, accompanied by their doctors, could visit certain islands, where, as he could state, from the evidence of a gentleman who was on one of the islands, they just stopped long enough to land and to get afloat again; and could- then dare to impugn the missionary -work on the - islands. Such men ought to be rebuked, and he ventured to tell-them that they-were bearing false witness against their;neighbours," The Doctor had it on his mind not merely to rebuke but to refute them. He brought with him a valuable Blue-book. containing official reports on the moral and material progress and condition of India. As -to Indian missions this book testified on authority as under:—"The Protestant missions of India, Burciah, and Ceylon were carried on by 35 Missionary Societies in addition to local agencies, and nov employ the services of 606 foreign, missionaries, of whom 551 are ordained. The entire Presi dency of Bengal, from Calcutta to Peshawur, is well supplied "with missionaries, and they are numerous in the southern portion of the Madras Presidency. In 1852 there were 459 missionaries in India at 320 stations, and in 1872 the number of missionaries were increased to 606, and of stations to 522." And yet, exclaimed the Doctor, we had been told continually that the missionary enterprise was a nine days' wonder— a pestilential exhalation which would presently vanish away—a violent, vulgar outburst of poor beggarly fanaticism, of which there would be nothing heard 10 years hence. Edinburgh reviewers could prognosticate that, For more than an hour Dr. Brock proceeded fishing oat extracts from the Blue- book^ which, as he put them together and interlaced them with his robust style of comment, grew into one of the __ most striking vindications of mission enterprise that this generation has seen. Spare room if you can for a couple more. The first relates to the number of converts :—" In 1852," says the report, " the entire number of Protes tant native converts in India, Burmah, "and Ceylon amounted to 22,400 communicants, in a community of 128,000 native Christians of all ages—taking those who had abandoned the externals of idolatry. In 1872 the communi cants were 78,494, and the converts young and old 318,363. The rural populations have been much more open to their (missionaries') instruc tions, the peasantry of laxge districts hare been less bound by oaste ties, and the aboriginal tribes 1 andcfaeseB m ffifT C6mlnaidt7, b6& in the hills ' and in theplain4;1have embraced Christianity in laree nymbera.7' , ' _ 7-, , ".^ 7 In deten<mhf to'e^eiried-toholiishiiwbf the; missionaries thdJoKoirih^is igfchng testimony:—! /'The missionaries .as a^bpdy know the natives! of India well. They hare pi^arbdhandieds of [ Works suited both 'for schools -and; for. gebei&h; 'circulation' m ;'i,h® "fifteen most prominent j ! languages of " india and in sevewd' othhr dialects.' I They arfeVthe Ssoinpiiors ;;df several ^dictionaries1 and griptaiarsl'' " jTphj: lfeve Wrftten^iinpmftaht' Works on the' natiye classies. and the; system of; philosophy, " and they; havelargely atahnlated: tbegreatinerease of the> imrive-literature pre-> ' pared ' in recent years by educated: gentlemen. j Last year .two valuable works Were ' brought to| coihpletion—the revision of the /Bengah Bible, and the .first publication of the' entire Bible in; Sanskrit. Both were the wofk of the Rev! Dr.; "Wengpr, of the' Baptist 'Mission -in Calcutta.; ^ilie Mission' Institution in Calcutta'still holds a: eonq)kuoUs place ip the system' and means of education generally available iiio the "young: Hihdoosbf that'city. The great prdgress made in roisribnary schoolsandtoe' area Which they ; occupy' will be sebh, from the- fohOwing fact.; They now Contain 80,000 -scholarsmore than \- "did 20 years ago. In'1852 the hcbolars numbered dl;«50;ahdin 'i8fr2:thenumber:was 1*2,952.* ; ' l\v. ; airecnoiiateiy oi jCne visit ae psiaTOAustraua -m d865, when; rechiitdng "after a severe attack of i jMnafipox,, By the way,he is stift far from being 'restored to health, tod. his' Bpeecfiat Notting hap was delivered' under' great physicsal'disad-; vantages.' He. told the meeting "that. "at 1 Sydney - and 'its" neighbdurobbd heJ spent two .months, and' suggested to the brethren there .that "they should form '.a Baptirii 'Misrionary Society, mdependeht pf ' the Mother. Spcietyfin Englandbut they Wbte afraid- to try *''it;; Ah j Auxiliary Society pas," howeVer, fcrmed. -At: "Melbourne, which he nest yirite'd/he also'did all; he could on behalf of. missions,- and the-Victoria Missionary Society was smarted." "At Adelaide, the next stage ih his journey, he was the means; of' .'forming ;Jthe.: South Auktrpian0 Baptist Misnonary'., Society, J and ' he:7" left. " the colonies after ; being. there five' months." 'Mr.JPdge still hopes to returii to India; and" his ■ own devbtipn tp the; Work; wasj unconsciburiy1 expressed in' the touching portrait he 'drew '.of 'a model missionary. ' Now," in this large' gather "ing," 0 Lord -of the, harvest, touch' some young .heart, some large-hearted young man J We want j .men, We. wantmoney; ana if there be any young • 'men who are desirous of going out,'let" them go lis resolution^-'i'will go, 'I will labour, with this . biitT will love the people.* Depend upoiiit, no' young man need" comeJ Who has any dislike to j the natives" of dndia. ' Let him 'also make up his i mind to be a preacher of the' Gospel, to learni the language not only as a' study, but so as to speak it with power." • ' r < : On the Wednesday" night there was a general public meeting in the Mechanics' Bali, at which: ihome questions were to be discussed. - _ The chair ,was occupied . by: a stanch' Birmingham Idberalj Mr, J.G. Wright,; the: Chairman Of the liberal Association, and a foremost sup-: porter -of -Mr. - Bright. . M®n throughout'- the : country who are familiarenoughwith him as .a ■fellow:Badicai Would; have.opeped their eyes in astonishment tohearhim exclaim in hia'opening address (on the present duty of Dissenters, " We have not won all that it is necessary and proper .for. us to win yet,. and I hope that all of UB;who -are here willifeel. that-theire. is.an obligation .upon 'us not ' only to speak qnbehaif> of : the religious' liberties: of • the nation and . stand: man fully for- themselves, but also to take.their part in securing.civil rights tothepeople at large. But I. feel- that with. all . this there mayibea • danger . lest; we - shall reversq .the position of -matters as Dissenters.Though 2 claim te be :a political Dissenter, .yet,, after ..all, -Dissent ds ^nothing if it is not intensely religious. I be .lieve that it js from this .that we shall rderive -all our .power in ..the future. : Never let Ub -place the ^matters ■ concerning - -our , duties, aud privileges: as oitisens in the front op before our joligipus duties mid obligations, as; Nonconfor -mists. . It will - be a sad day when jwe do this." Pursuing" his political survey he commended ;the agricultural laboiirer to (he attjedtion of Baptistpastors. He reminded them thatwhen the .a^c'ultural, movement began " it had a strictly .religious tone aboiit it, but l fancy;that is -some "" lining. ; I' Appeal' to .you, my -friends, /t/wi/itOfltinnl ' ^?«Lll fPkk maita_ Wlu^t decliiung. . ^ r_, living in the .agriculture! districts. The^ move ment has not met with the sympathy frpm the pastors of churohes that it deseiyas, I ;epmmend the thought to you that there isWn.pbiigatipn upon you to discharge your duty tp^nfds those who belong to the poorest class of the commu nity. . If eel that within the next fewyears there will be a great exodus of these people into our ^colonies; mid when looked at from that. aspeclt, 'it becomes doubly obligatory iipon us tb? send them forth with right principles. If you do not do your - duty - -they will - go. te - some distant .colonies with/feelings"of -bitterness "towards-re ligion... If we do our duty towards them we shall send.them" with "kindly feelings; to the bolonie^ .where they, will have no priest .or: parson .or .squire to iqlerferq with .'their: rights 0aud7ir£6 dom,. and ,whlfie able, to (wdreh$,Gjo^Mlqsee men, and rise to the " dignity of truly c^yiKzed ahd independentjinem" ; " . - . Mr.. Wright has. .evidently, escaped, all disturbs ipg :knowl^ge,'pf . ^e! preiitoiency 'agitations whi^ from 'time to time upset '«»dety.Mi certmn latitodes near the South.PoIe... He 'and' thC ^ricultpridlkbourer were:nbt destuipd to Be the chief heroea'of the eyenlng.'.. Tlxat. flfstiiiCribn fell to Dr. Landells, "who achieved it by.a brilliant oration on the ritualistic, tondencies of the 'day. There was, J believe, no formal ' deciaon passed by the Conference on the message of the Vigi lmice Committee inviting co- operation from all friends of Christian truth-against toe ritualistic disturbers of ecclesiastical peace. " Dr. Landells* address was a sufficient answerto Lord §haftosT bury and his friends.. He declared frankly and „ eloquently that the Anglican Church had ;itself... to -thank for. the '.chaos . from which it, how- prayed to be" delivered— " The seed-blot of, all " this," : "said V Dr. landells, f is the Prayer-book . of . the Church of. England, and hence the. difficulty of the evangelical members of that Church dealing with .the ,.Ritualism which is now rampant. They cannot touch a , Ritualistic parson, they cannot 'abolish a Ritualistic "practice, because Ritualism .inthe germ -enters into-nearly all the services of the. Church, and the extreme Ritualists are only giving , a systematic and con sistent, .albeit an artistic, . development to that which has not only an essential but an historical presence there. : To begin with ithe Ordination Service. Doss not the Bishop lay his hand .-upon the head of the kneeling candidate, and; say, -'-Receive, ye the Holy ..Ghost, .for the office and work .of the , ministry^; committed - to toee by the imposition .of :Our .; hands. : Who soever sins ye forgive :they are , foigiren and whosoever sins ye retain they are.retained?"^ And,: as if the Holy Ghost actually :trickled through the .Bishop's fingertips, does mot. the candidate,, however inexperienced,. and silly,: and worthless,'rise from his knees possessed of a power at ithe very thought of which a mortal man might tremble!" The-other offices of the Church are.in harmony with this. Is not the infant in the Baptismal;.Service subject;to the. manipulations of Ritualism as soon as he passes into the priest's -bands'! ' Are not men and women-made to promise on behalf of the un conscious child what no living man is capable of doing for another? ~ And dote not the priest, in virtue of the power with which the Bishop has inyested him, declare the child regenerated and incorporated into Christ's Church? - Nay, more; does he not give God thanks that it has pleased Him to regenerate the child with His Holy. Spirit, to receive him as a child by adoption, and to incorporate him into His Holy Church? Then, as if to prevent all mistake as to the meaning of the words, is not the lisping infant taught to say that his name was given to him by his god fathers and godmothers in his baptism, wherein he was-made a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the Kingdom of God? (Hear, hear.) If when he is older the'child ap proaches the ccmmunion-table, the shadow of Ritualism meets him there. . . . . . Why, even after death has separated the soul from the body, Ritualism lays its clutch on his lifeless remains, for if baptism has been adminis tered the veriest scoundrel that every trod the earth is committed to it in 'sure aind certain hope of a*glorious resurrection while, if bap tism has not beeh administered^ the man, though distinguished by every Christian virtue, is denied the rites and the privilege of Christian burial, and, in so far as the services of the Church is concerned, has to be buried as a dog." The impression produced by this glowing denunciation of Ritualism was so great that next day in Conference a proposal was made to ; send a printed report of it to every clergyman and minister in England. Though no definite resolution was taken, it was understood that special measures of some kind would be em ployed for its dissemination. At the same meeting the Rev. H. Stowell Brown gave an instructive account of his ob sei rations among the American churches last year. He ridiculed the notion which is in dustriously circulated in this country that the Americans are sick of voluntaryism, and would gladly have an established church if they could get it. On the contrary, he declared that voluntaryism had stood the severest tests, and all zealous Christians were growing more attached to it than ever. Thursday was again devoted to domestic topics. " The increase of spiritual life in the churches," and "The spiritual condition of the masses," were the leading subjects at the morning ritting. : At night avariety of services and discuBaohstook ! {>laoe in different parts of the town. Not the east remarkable, though far from being the most orderly, was a Good TSmpIar Conferee, coovntedht Jtansfieki-road Chapeli? Sharpie- j .flections: weret indulged in-on -the ;ebld,;a!tti-' tu'de of^'tte.TJnipn' tb Good ^einplaiy. They; •>iiihy'hate"been-l'dif4dted atthe IYale-J ;dicthry brehkfitstho ewhich the, Mayor, 'Mr.• ,£orster,. had Jnrited nll the jpembeis.-next; ^mbrrnng.1 * This''' mkthttnal ^fhbupn did hot, j 'hdWeve'r, 'sufferfn hny-way frntothe -cold-water; iottutory-rof the preyious night,-, 