THE CLAUS AND REKEL FARE I WELL CONCERTS The resumption of these concerts was welcomed last night at the Town-hall by a large audience. It was not alone the fact that an intelligent community cannot always, when inclined to amusement, rest satisfied with the delights of transformation scenes and the joys that are to be found in "Tippcttywitchct," but the knowledge that only twommeopportunities remained wherein to enjoy the performances of the greatest artist on the violin who has ever been present in this part of the world, induced great numbers of those who have any pretensions to good taste in music to attend. It would not be hazarding toomuchtosaythatmostof those who were present last night will witness the final performance on Saturday night, and doubtless whatever room there will be left on that occasion will be eagerly occupied by those to whom a last appearance has in itself an ill-defined yet powerful attraction. It is gratifying to know that although this highly talented lady came here utterly unknown and unannounced. She has achieved a position by the strength of merit which is not second to any in the opinion of her hearers, and while this must be satisfactory to her, reflects credit on her audience. With the wonderfully stored memory possessed by Mademoiselle Claus, She has always given to us somenoveltyin each of the concerts in which she has appeared since she came here, and in this respect has been much more liberal than others who have occupied public attention to the fullest extent. Her performance last night commenced with Tartini's "Senate du Diablo," a remarkable composition, which we believe was never given before in Melbourne. The reader will like to hear, although he looks upon it as a matter of course, that as soon as Mademoiselle Claus appealed upon the platform her reception was as cordial as it deserved to be between a friendly audience and an artist who had won their unbounded esteem. The queer title of the famous composition which she had chosen demands the short account of it which we subjoin, and in the interests of art we may be permitted to hope that satanic agency may never be productive of anything worse. There appears to be one thing Swifte, to our way of thinking, and it is this, namely, that if the Spirit of Evil in 1713 showed himself to be a very masterly performer, he certainly adopted the antique fashion and grace of a hundred and sixty years ago. If he will condescend to do the same good office to a modern composer, the result will probably show that He has kept pace with the time, and the next "Devil's Sonata" will have a strong suspicion of Alard or of Vieuxtemps or Joachim about it. We leave out the names of Madame Norman Nereda and Jenny Claus as those of unlikely subjects for diabolic influences. The story told by Tartini himself to the astronomer Lalande is given somewhat in this fashion in that savans account of his Italian travels. " One night," he said to me, " I dreamed that I had made a compact with the devil, and that he was entirely at my service. Everything happened as I wished my thoughts were anticipated, and my new domestic even surpassed my desires when he set about their fulfilment. I took it into my head to hand him my violin to hear if he could play me some beautiful melody. But what was my astonish- ment when I heard such a rare and beautiful sonata, and played with such skill and intelligence as I had never in my life heard equalled before. The ravishing pleasure of this surprise nearly choked me, and I awoke. I siezed my violin and tried to recall at least part of what I had just heard -but in vain. This piece which I then composed is certainly the best that I have ever written, and I call it the Devil's Sonata,' but it is so far beneath the music of my dream that I was almost tempted to smash my violin and abandon music for ever." But instead of doing that he clung to the art which he adorned and improved greatly, and especially so in that important branch of it-the management of the bow. The sonata consists of three movements, the Dream (larghetto afternoon), the Ghost, (tempo gusto), and II Trillo del Diavolo (andante scherzo). The Sweetly harmonised passages of the first movement and the torrent of ever-varying notes which go to make up the apparently formless but yet rythmical " dream," in which all sorts of harmonised intervals, from octaves downwards, are constantly appearing with surprising effect, were played with that steady confidence in her own great powers as an executant which fixed the attention of the audience, and prepared them for the most brilliant display of what we may call compound playing-for want of a better word that has ever been witnessed here. The "strike" movement is, as its name implies, distinguished by an almost continuous but always varying shake, which accompanies the notes of the common chord played both in progression and inversion. A bare description in words can give no idea of the effect produced by these means. The violin under this treatment certainly seems like an instrument possessed, and makes the air quiver with the volume of varied sound it produces. As if this grand effort of memory, artistic taste, and manual skill were not enough at the time, the audience cheered the player to such an extent that she returned again with her violin and toned down their enthusiasm with the grave beauty of "Auld Robin Gray." . Mademoiselle Clans's third appearance was in the Mendelssohn trio (the one in D minor for violin, pianoforte, and violoncello, in which Mr. Buddee (piano) and Mr. Montague (violoncello) took part. It was a great treat to listen once more to Mr. Buddee finished and scholarly style of playing, Mr. Montague never was heard to better advantage than on this occasion, and Mdlle. Claus, seated and playing from the printed page for the first time in Melbourne, completed a trio of perfect executants. The fusion of tone and all the artistic gradations of light and shade in this performance were perfect, and the audience applauded it in such a way as rarely happens when compositions of this class are played in a large and mixed assemblage. Mdlle. Claus appeared once more during the evening, and performed star rangement by Alard, of airs from "La Traviata," with all the grace and pathos which the musical reader knows are hers when engaged in the interpretation of music of this kind. We can only devote short space to the rest of the entertainment, which was most ably supported by Signora Tamburini Coy, Miss Christian, and Mr. Armes Beaumont, as vocalists, and by Monsieur Rckel as accompanyist. The recalls were constant, and the encores numerous. There wasnotonoamongst the large audience who came away with any other feelings from this admirable entertainment than those of high esteem for the people engaged in the performance, and of per foot satisfaction at having been present themselves. Mademoiselle Jenny Claus' farewell concert takes place next Saturday night, at the Town-hall. The Murray and Hume Times of Jan. 20 reports that: Between 20 and 30 pack horses, laden with merchandise for the Alpine region, passed through Wodonga on the 19th instant. Since the opening of the railway, the North Gipps Land traffic seems to be settling down to the Border traders." The same journal says that whilst complaints are made in the cities and towns of want of employment, men cannot be procured in the country districts. A few days ago, Mr. Armstrong, contractor for works on the Geelong-road, was searching for labour to enable him to carry out his contract works between Tallangatta Creek and Colac Colac Creek." 