LETTER |0P THE C0ADJUT0K-ARCUB1SH0P. THE following lotter of hi» Grace tho Coadjutor Aro bishop to the faithful of the archdiocese of Sydm regarding tue collection for the " Mission Fund was read in the liomnn Catholic Church throughout tho city on Sunday (yesterday) : Dearly Beloved,-His Grace, our vcncrublo ar belovod Archbishop, has roquosted me to address u appeal to you upon a subject especially dear to h heart-an appeal which ho fools assured will bo mot t all of you, so well docs ho know y our Catholic sjiiri . with a' vc y hearty co-operation, You will remember, thou, many of you tbat when first carno amongst you to help in tho great work < saving souls and building up tho Church of God, pointed to two things which to my mind seemed of cn dinal importance, and to which, in a special manne: I should direct my effort« and endeavour .( enlist your Catholio and genorous support-I mean th building up of bur cathedral and tho education of ou people, I. With regard to tho cathedral, you know that a thiB moment two active and zealous collectors ar engaged in tho laborious duty of gathering funds ii tho suffragan diacoses af Mew South Wales. Am whilst we aro hoartily thankful to them for tho trul apostolic spirit with whioh they have set about thui arduous undertaking, wo aro no less grateful to thor large-minded and truly scli'-saorifioing prelates, who with a love for tho glory of God's House worthy of th great fathers of th« early Church, have willingly, no merely Banotioned the collection being mudo nmongs their pcoplo, but besides »nd beyond this, have gives tho undertaking their must cordial and encouraginj support. Dearly boloved, can wo do loss thnn pray earnest]' that the Fnthur of Light, and the Giver of ali gooi gifts, may, in His lovo of tho generous giver, slice upon these prelates and upon their pcoplo overy bes and choicest benediction? Nor do those new energies which aro making themselves felt abroad, cool w here at home ; on the contrary, they stimulate us ti redouble our exertion* in furthei-anco of our mighty undertaking, which, if laborious in its slow advance, will, when completed, bo a work whioh, we may wei say, will last for aver.' In proportion ns thc callee tions are nando steadily and with perseverance, in pro- portion as thoy are brought to bear upon tho musses ol the people, will stono riso upon stone, will one arel spring into completion, and then anothor, will windon after window of exquisite doHign gradually unfold itself iuto its perfect symmetry ; whilst here a column or a sbaf t, and there a capital will, every day as it goe! by, speak moro articulately- each with its oin especial voice-bf glories which perhaps may never bc wholly seen by us, but which will present thomselvoi to tho admiring gaze of generations that aro to cáseo. Let us, then, dearly bolovoü, lot us, thon, I say, kean our hearts clean, that our Lord muy Mess thc work of our hands ; let us increase our lovo of th« Blessed Sacrament-, that wo may all tho more rejoice in tho glory of God's house; and whilst with lips ol love we praiso and bless our -'eavcnly Father, lut u« generously contribute toward" tho building of a temple worthy »s man eau multo it,^ of His only-begotten Son. Thus, with the Divino aid, wo may hope that the most glorious minister of the southern hemi- sphere, set in tho loveliest spot of one of the most beautiful cities in the world, will, in du« course, grow into its full proportions, and stand n lasting and a worthy monument to the faith, charity, and constancy of the Catholics of New South Wales 1 So far with regard to tho cathedral, II. With regard to education, the most, vital ques- tion of tho prcsont day- upon which depends in a very great measure tho filling of our cathedrals and churches with a truly Catholic pooulo-I hope I hare uot heon wholly idle. Tho Catholio population of any country may be roughly divided into four classes, each of whiub re- quires "education of a special kind-those who uro pre- paring for tho ministry ; those who aro aiming at the nighest culture for tho world ; those who aro content with a good fair college training ; und those who, ! forming tho grout mass of tho population, require to be educated in primary schools. : Of tho first class-those training for tho Church, I i will Bpeak presently. With regard to tho second class those who aro aim- ing nt tho highest culture --you ure iLwuro that I hnvo boen straining every nerve to put tho College of St. John'« in a position to receive and prepare students for their University careor-and'that nlrcndy wo liaron staff of able teachers, soino promising students, and every prospect of increasing numbers. with regard to tho third class-those who Becka fair college training-wo have Saint Mary's, Lyndhurst, where, so fur as I Luve been able to form a judgment,' tho boys mu well taught and well brought up ; whilst tho numbers are steadily increasing, and most pro- bably will continuo to increase through tho attractive influence of tho University, which .will doubtless draw students to that college, ns being ono of tho best sohools of preparation for St. John's, which, iu turn, has tho ona function of fitting young men for taking thnir ilrmrens. Respecting the fourth class-thoso who maleo up tu bulk of our Catholio popul.ii.iuii-the especially love ono» of our blessed Lord-from whose liv» an insigni ileant but rather noisy «cot would snatch tho bread c lifo if it only lind the power-I chilli hare moro to to. you nt another time. SuQlco it herc to say tho already our zealous olergy aro propnring returns for in of an exhaustivo naturo, by means of which, who they liavo boon put in order, tho wholo system of on Catholio education will stand mapped out as it wer before tho eye, so that, defects may bo seen atone« and remedios sugRCstcd ; so that the liucs of a nev system may be traced and mnde ready for adoption in case the tyranny of tho many or tho fow should tn to plungo eur ohlldren into the stifling gulf-stream o j a passing infidelity-a system, I may us well »ny which, if onco accepted and put into working order would do moro towards fashioning strong nuil «turd; children for tho Church, strong iu faith und sturdy ii resolution, thnn any compromise that shallow bim plloity, or transparent subtloty, or »hort-»lgUtci policy could suggest : . But my present anxiety is with regard to cducatior for tho ministry,' " * , . . .Not a fow, of our well-tried and Bolf-saci-lficlni; priests aro becoming groy iu tho service of tho pcoph aud the altar.' Ono'Tlay their piucos will have to ht supplied. And it is for you as well as for us-lt is foi you in your love of> our Divino Master, in. charity tc . yoursolvos as woll ns to your childi en-to do oil that ir you lies to assist in educating labourers' for ' thc vinoyurd. In thu» co-oporntlng, you aro actually assisting our blessed Redeemer in His work of saving lovo.. You aro brlncing Him to tho cars and hearts of tlioao who otherwise might naver hear Ills blessed name I for, " Faith conm'h by hearing, nml hearing by tho word of Christ.'"* To hall upou thu name of Jesus to baliovo in Him, and to hear His word duponds upon tho prusenco of those who aro. sent out in tho midst of mon na ministers of the gospel of salvation, .and dispensers of tho holy mystorics. Truly, it is writ ton.": " Whoever Bhnll call on tho -naine ol' tho Lord shall bo saved."1!" Still, to use thoapnstlo's words, "How shall .they call on Him in whom they have nut believed ? Or how shall.they believo Bimi ol' whom they liavo > not hoard? And how shall they hear without a 1 preaohor f. And how shall they preach unless they be'sont.asit ls.writton : how beautiful aio.tho feet of thom who proaoh tho Gospol of peace, of them that bring glad tidings of good things 1 " t * Eora,xi T;.' .1 Rom, x, IS. 1 Bom. a. 14, IC. Is, Hi, 7. ' "? . , ' ... ...'.'. ?l,'-::r/ ?:. f" -..'?' . I' And i may .otnpliaticAllv.add, how can, thar J' eontfj unloas.theyjb'eveauoated and .trained' BM.t aacrod lovo of God,. and in tho golden maxims of ti priestly life ?';'Aiid how can all this bo accomplish unless tboso whose ministers they will delight to t give freely ofthat which freely thoy have received, ai contribute of their subatauco to tho godly und glorio work of educating them '/ Dearly beloved, never havo you yet failed in yoi generosity to God's spotless Church-to tho spouse c Christ ! Often and often hnvo you stinted yourselvi for her salto, that il" you had to suffer, she in any co; should look beautiful and fresh. I know that to yo never sholl I appeal in vain ; for though I huvo know you but'a short time, still, for all that, I know yo Well. Next Sunday a collection will ba made for til special objoct of tho "Mission Fund:" that is, for tl education nf priests for the archdiocese, and fe defraying tho necessary expenses connected with th I administration of tho Church. Each year a simili collection will be made. And on the Sunday wilie procodos that of tho collection, I shall addre»« yon a I am doing now, and toll you the amount which ead church hius subscribed, how many students are prc paring for tho priesthood, and how tho money eos tributed has tieen employed. Some months ago thcro wore thrcu students prepar ing for the arohdioooso at AU Hallow's Collogo, Dub liti. Lately I have had tho opportunity of adding twi mororo tho number, and also of securing two otho promising young men, who aro pursuing their studio nt St. Ky run's College, Ossory, under tho enlifhtenoi caro of tho loarnod and pious bishop of tho diocosc Thus, wo have nt tho present momont seven student: preparing for our missions. Moy tho Holy Spirit fil their hearts with His sevenfold gift, and make then true disciplos of tho Good Shepherd J With regard to our immediate needs, they aro press ing somowhnt heavily upon us at tho present moment Not to refer to our future, I havo to meet a long Btnnding account with All Hallow's College, ant ought to be in a position to send at once a draft, tc the president for £32(1 Ss od, to meet a bill which- ] am suiTF to say has boon prcsantcd moro than once.. 1 trust that not only shall wo satify this pressing and just demand, but that a fair sum will romain over and above to moat other calls which must necessarily come upon us. - . And whilst we gladly take advantage of tho training given in our seminaries at home, I nm at the samo time firmly convinced that it would ba quito possiblo and very desirablo to educate at least a certain number of our studonts under our own eyos ; to watch tho growth of their vocations; to direct them along tho road of hard work and abnegation ; and to do all that is in our power tu perpctimto a priesthood fitted with the attractive grace of tho Holy Ghost, gifted with divine discretion and apostolic zeal. Indeed, I feel (ho timo is not .far distant when wo shall be blessed with the presence of («eh youths us these within the lofty walls of St. John's. There, whilst cultivating tho faculties *by means of tho University course, they will day by day drink larger draughts of tho deep well of Catholio philosophy, and allow us to wadge the scientific exposition of Catholic theology into their expanding minds ; there, under our own eyes, they will leam that a knowledgo of letters may subservo tho interests of Catholio truth, and that aman muy possibly bc called learned, but that he never can in any possibility bo profound, if ho has not fairly mas- tered thu science ol' the saints. Already, indeed, I have boon cheered by tho spon- taneous and genofous action of one amongst the clergy. He has founded, ar is about to found, a scholarship for tho education of an ccclcslsastical stu- dent nt St. John's. May our Lord bless him for it, and may many others, not only amongst the olergy but among tho laity, follow so worthy an example ! Think of the cathedral and of tho education af our clergy in your generous moments, llemomhor these objects in your wills; leavo bequests to there ends, se fur as you eau seo your way to do so without injustice to other claims ; remember our Lord and the cause of Hi« Saints, sumo of whom oro still living on tho earth, Anyhow, dearly beloved, bo generous next Sundny ¡ let iliis collection, boyond all others-for of all it is tho most important-be a real and an uqualified BUO coss ; let ona church vie with the other in its large- ness of contribution, so that whilst we rniso up a mighty struotino of stone in the contro of our olty, wo may at th« same time bo preparing worthy men to minister to our wants as yhnra go by. If thus you assist in tuning voices to God s praise, in fashioning instruments to His glory, you will have earned a right to turn to them and say in spirit: " Behold now bless yo the Lord, all yo servants of tho Lord, who Btnnd in tho house of tho Lord, in tho courts of tho house of our God. In the night lift up your hands to tho holy plaaos, and bless yo the Lord. May tho Lord out of Sion bless thee, He that made heaven and earth."" I am, dearly beloved, Vrnlr faithful snrvant in flbrist. f ItOGER BEDE VAUGHAN, I Coadiutor-ArchbiBhop. j 