THE THEATRE ROYAL. MB. FATRCI.OUGH AS HAJILET. few students of our premier dramatist ana poet will question the statement that in the whole round of his characters there is no greater Dsvcholoeical raradox — no impersonation which presents more apparently irreconcilable antithesis to the mind of either the private reader or public performer — than his crowning concep tion. Prince Hamlet. Why this should be so, seeing that it is a creation on which the giant intellect of the author has undoubtedly ex pended the greatest care, is a question which has puzzled many who have both carefully and intelligently studied his works. The solution of the en%nm may be in this — that Hamlet being unquestionably the finest and most minutely perfect epitome of a highly gifted human mind, its irreconcilabilities are only the ordinary bewildering anomalies which we so often find in the rsal personages of history, or indeed in contemporary characters of high intellectual standard. Take, for instarce, such a man as Edgar Allan Poe — a man capable of the highest, holiest, and sublimost thoughts, yet grovelling often in the lowest and most degrad ing vices. Who shall unravel the riddle of that unfortunate life? Who ray if he was madman or not, er, if so, where sanity ended and insanity began. Indeed we are not sure but that the life of 'Sweet Will' himself might not help to furnish correlative illustration. There are three ways of reading the character of the Danish Prince. First, by supposing him to have been constantly in a state of melancholy madness provoked to mariical violence by his misfortunes. This view, however, is confuted by Polonius's description of tbe several phases of bis attack. Secondly, that be;ng from his nature predisposed to mental disease, the overwhelming horrors of h''s position hastened the progress of the malady wh?ch was latent in his constitution. The th;rd, and that oftenest adopted in late years by dramatic artists as being most effective for stage representation, and conducing more to make up a harmonious wiiole, is that Hamlet enly assumes the role of a madman as a mask to further his ends, pitting cunning agaipst cunning; and it fs contended that, assuming this standpoint, there is nothing in his actions that would be incongruous in a man constituted as he and placed in similar circumstances. But we must confess it seems to us that thfs argu ument, if carried l'airly to its logical termination, would destroy entirely the noble-minded and coribciertious hero of Shakspeare, and leave in his room a trickster, a liar, and a wanton ruffian. How shall we reconcile the honourable (sane) gentleman with the cruel coward wao conducts the interview with the shrinking Cpheiia — the brutal fellow who, having slain an innocent man, father of the woman he had pro fessed to love, addresses such dishonourable expressions to the poor inanimate clay — with the deliberate liar who thus answers to the justly incensed and heait-broken brother?— ' You needs must have heard how I am punish'd With a sore distraction. What I have done That might your npture, honour, and exception Roughly awake, I here proclaim was madness. Waa't Hamlet wronged, Laertes? Never, Hamlet. If Hamlet from himself be ta'en away, And when he's not himsalf does wrong, Laertes. Then Hamlet does it not; Hamlet denies it. Wto does it, then? His madness. If t be so Hamlet is of the faction that is wronged; Bis madness is poor Hamlet's enemy.' This is the dilemma which presents itself wheu trying to contemplate the character from what may be admitted to be the most artistic point of view. The Hamlet of the author, as we think he conceived him, is a man of noble but complex mind, eratic, and impulsive— a dreamer rather than a doer, yet critically perceptive and philo sophical to a degree. Such a mind would not be at all unlikely to be liable to mental aberra tion if subjected to any severe strain or great 1 nervous shock, and the form assumed by the disease would probably be dementia or inter mit tentmadness, and the man in his Kane momenta would be thoroughly conscious of his misfortune, nnd would have quite sufficient cunning to simu late a deeper degree of insanity to throw others off their guard. We are well aware that in Mr. Montgoineiy'B masterly assumption of this part he took and cleverly maintained the idea of pretended lunacy, biit to do so one or two pas sages have to be omitted where the absurdity seems too maiked, as at the termination of the ghost scene the words to the spirit beneath — ' Ha, ha, boy, say'st thou sj f Art thou there, truepenny ? ? Come on, j on hear this fellow in the cellarage.' and immediately after— ' Well said, old mole; canst work in the earth so fast?' And again, at the end of the play scene, the crazy speech about a forest of feathers, ic, in which even Horatio seems conscious of his friend's infirmity and seeks to humour him. Mr. Pairclough'8 conception of the part in the main agrees with Mr. Montgomery's, though there are some essential differences between them. Of the latter gentleman's performance no further opinion is needed, and of the former's Hamlet as a work of art we have little to say except in the way of sincere commendation and admiration of the genius displayed in its rendi tion. His impersonation is marked by great care and judgment, and is a most intelligent and consistent reading from the ordinary point of view. At times his intense and concentrated passion carried the house by storm. Anon the smoothly modulated tones of his voice soothed the ear whilst enchaining the whole attention. He possesses a most staking counte nance, with wonderful power of facial expres sion. The strong disgust depicted in his features when comparing his father and uncle is the closet scene was something to be remem bered, as was also the great horror at the acci dental killing of Polonius. In fact the acting rll through that scene with his mother was very original and striking, Mr. Fairclough throwing far more feeling into the part than any actor we have hithcrio witnessed. There was a genuine ring of loving pathos imparted to the words, ' Oh throw away the worker part of it, and live the purer with the other half ;' and the action of throwing himself into a chair, and addressing the last words of the scene to his uLcle's picture, gave a uew meaning to ' But worse remains behind.' The thorough prostration of the nervous system assumed at the termination of the first interview with the Ghost, as though the super* natural strength its presence afforded had been suddenly withdrawn on its departure, was as effective as it was true to nature. We also notice several slight alterations for the better Jn the test, as 'being god-kissing carrion,' 'know a hawk from a lurnshaw,'y and *' take arms against a siege of troubles.' By the way, the only part of his performance to which exception might be taken was the celebrated soliloquy, 'To be or not to be,' which was delivered sitting, in a low, rather rapid, and very even tone; in fact, its fault seemed to be that it was perhaps too natural, and lacked the slight exaggeration which is absolutely necessary to give effect on the stasre. The scene with Ophelia was especially good, and was, in accor dance with the idea ^accepted by the cactor, denuded of a great deal of its roughness, and as much tenderness as the words would allow imparted to them. The play scene, too, was remarkable for its graphic portrayal of genuine ppssioo, intense watchfulness, and final triumph. The agony depicted on the face of the dying prince was awfully real, and the last words of the play, ' The rest is silence,' gave a thrill to the hearts of all present One of the most crpable and artistic Hamlets ever seen on the colonial stage is that of the gentleman who now graces the boards of our theatre. At the termination of each act he was called before tbe curtain and received a plentiful shower of bouquets. Miss Bowring's Queen Gertrude was also a grand impersonation. It is a real plea sure to see this gifted lady iu a part suited to her talents; the clear tones of her voice, her tinisatd education, and correct action made the character assume quite a new appearance. Mr. C'aroy was most effective in tho part of the Ghost, aud only caused regret in that he had not mortj to do. The King, by Mr. West; Polonius, oy Mr. Walsh; and Lasrtes, by Mr. Holio.vay, the latter of whom received a call to tue front, were well aud carefully performed, whilst Miss Ansted made quite a hit a3 Ophelia ; in the mad scene especially shu deserved all the applause that was bestoweJ. There was an excellent attendance, crowded to the full in most parts, but even yet there is room for improvement in the dress circle. To night the same play will be repeated, and surely a bumper house may be reckoned on. 