THE NOVELIST, UNG LE S IL A S. Bv J. 8. LE PANI/. XXXIV.-COUSIN MONICA AND UNCID SILAS MEI Cousin Monica, with her hinds upon Mill; shoulders, looked amusedly and kindly in li face. "And," said she, "we must lie very go friends-you funny creature, you and I. I'm i lowed to be tho most souey old woman in Derb Bhire-quite incorrigibly privileged ; an.cl noboc is over affronted with me, so I say th&lSost; shoe ing things constantly." " I'm a bit that way, myself ; and I think," sa poor Milly, making an effort, and growing vei led; sim quito lost her head at that point, ai: was incompetent to ii'iUh the sentiment she lu prefaced. "You think? Now, take my novice, mid nev wait to think, my dear ; talk firat, find think afte wards, that is my way ; though indeed, I can't sa lover think at all. It ia avery cowardly Imbi Our cold-blooded Cousin Maud, there, thinks soim times; but it ia always such a failure that 1 fo give her. I wonder when your little pre-Adnmil butler will return.' He speaks tho language of th Pints and Ancient Britons, I dare say, and yoi father requires a little time to translate him. An< Milly dear, I am very hungry, sr» I wou't wait fe your butler, who would givo me, I suppose, one c tho cakes baked by King Alfred, and some Danis heer in a skull ; but I'll ask you for a little of tim nica bread and butter." With which accordingly Lady Knollys wn quickly supplied, but it did not at all impede he ntteranci. "Do you think, girls, you could be ready t come away with nie, ii' Silas gives leave, in a hour or two ? I should so like to talco you bot! homo with me to Elverston." "How delightful! you darling," cried I em «racing ana kissing her; "for my part, I shouli ho ready in Ave minutes; what do you sa\ Milly?" Poor Milly's wardrobe, I am afraid, was mor portable than.handsome; and she lookedhom bl; nff righted, and whispered in my ear " My beat petticoat is away at the laundress's say in a week. Maud." " What does she say ?" ajkod Lady Knollys "Slie fears she can't bo ready," I answorec dejectedly. "There's a deal of my slops in the wash,1 blurted out poor Milly, staring straight nt Lad; KnMlys " In the name nf wonder, what does my cousii mean ?" asked Lady Kuollys. " Her things have not come home yet from tin laundress," I replied; and at this moment ou wondrous old butler entered to announco to Lad; Kuollys that his master was ready to receive hei whenever she waa disposed to favour him ; am nlao to make polite apologies for Ina hoing com polled, by his state of health, to give lier th trouble of ascending to his room. So Cousin Monica was at tho door in a momonl over her shoulder calling to us, " Come, girls." "Please, notj'et, my lady-you alone; mid hi requests the young ladies will be in the way, ai he will send for thom presently." I bogan to admire poor "Giblets"as the wrecli of a tolerably respectable servant. " Very good ; perhaps it is better we should kiss ana be friends in private first," said Cousin ICnollys, laughing ; and away she went nuder the guidance of the mummy. I had an account of this teie-n-tele afterwards from Lady Kuollys. " When I saw him, my dear," she said, " I could hardly believe my eyes-such white hair-such a white faco-such mad eyes-such a death-liko smile. When I saw him last, his hair wns dark ; ho dressed himself liko a modern Englishuinn; and ho roally preserved a likeness to the full length portrait at Know!, that you fell in love with, you know: but, angels and ministers of . grace ! such a spectre ! I naked myself is it necro mancy, or is it delirium tremens tiiat has reduced, him to this? Anti said ho with that odious smile! that made me fancy myself half insane- . " You seo a change, Monica.' "What a sweet, gentle, insufferable poice ho has Somebody onco told mo about tho tone of a glass iluto that mado some people hysterical to listen to and I was thinking of it all the time. There was always a peculiar quality in his voice." "11 do seo a change, Silas,' 1 said at last; ' and no doubt, so do you in me- a great change.' " 'There has boen time ouoiuli to work a greater than I observe in you since you lust honourod me with a visit,' said he. " I think ho was at his old sarcasms, aud meant that I was tho same impertinent niiux he remem bered long ago, uncorrected by time ; and so I am, und he must not expect compliments from old Monica Knollys. '"lt is a long time, Silas; bul Hint, you know, ia not my fault,' said I. '"Not your fault, my dear-your instinct. Wo aro nil imitative ovoatuves; the groat people ostracised me, and tho small oma followed, Wo aro very li !<e turkeys, wo lui vu ¡?o nundi good p.eu3b and sb much generosity. I.'ortuuo, in a freak, wounded my head, aud the whole brood were upon me, pecking, nnd .you among thou?, dear Monica, i Ic wasn't your fault, only your instinct, so I quite forgive you; but no wonder tl-o peckers wear better than the pocked. You are robust ; and I, -what I am.' '"Now, Silas, I have not como here to quarrel. If we quarrel now, mind, wo can never make it up- wo aro too old, so lot "na forget nil we can, and try to forgive something; and if wo can do I noithoi\ut all events let there be truco botweon us whilo rrtH^hero,' j "'My personal wrongs I can quite forgive, and I do, Heaven knows, from my heart ; but there aro thiugs which ought not to he forgiven. My children liavo been mined by it. I may, by the mercy of Providence, be yet set right in tho world, und .so soon as that time comes, I will romombor, and I will act; but my chil dren-you will seo that wrotched girl, my daughteiv-education, society, all would come too lute-^rny children have been mined Wy it." "'I have not done it;"but I know what yoi menu,'I said. 'Menace litigation whenever yoi have the means; but you forget that Austii placed ynu under promise, when he gav« you tin use of "this house and place, never to disturb rn] title to Elverston. So there is my answer, if yoi mean that.' "'I mean what I mean,' he replied, with his ole smile. '.. " ' You mean, then, said I, ' that for the pleasure of vexing me with litigation, you are willirig tc forfeit your tenure of this house and place.' '"Suppose I did mean precisely that, whj i should I forfeit anything ? My beloved brother, j by his will, has given mo a right to the uso ol j Bartram- IIaugh for my life, and attached nc i absurd condition of the kind you fancy to his gift.' "Silas was in one of his vicious old moods, and liked to menncome. His vindictiveness got the better of his craft ; but ho knows as well as I do that he nevin' could succeed in disturbing the title of my poor dear Harry Knollys ; and I was not at all alarmed by his threats; and 1 told him so, as coolly as I sneak to you now." '"Woll, Monica,' ho said, 'Iliavo weighed you in tho balance, and you ave not found wanting. Fot a moment the old man possessed mo; the thought of my children, of past unkindness, and preterit affliction and disgrace, exasperated me, and I was mad. It was but for a moment-the galvanic spasm of a corpse. Never was breast moro dead than mine to the passions and ambi tions of the world. They are not for white locks like tliesp, nor for a man who for a week in every month, lies ia the gate of death. Will you shake hands ? Here-I do strike a truce ; and I do forget and forgive every thing.' " I don't know what he meant by this scene. I have no idea whether he was acting, orlo'sthis head, or, in fact, why or how it occurred ; but I am glad, darling, that, iinlike myself, I was calm, and that a quarrel has not been forced upon me." "When our turn came and we were summoned to the presence, Uncle Silas was quite as usual ; but Cousin Monica's heigh tenod colour, and the flash of her eyes, phowed plainly that something excit ing and angry had occurred. Uncle Silas commented in his own vein upon the effect of Bartram air and liberty, all he had to offer; and called on me to say how I liked them. And then he called Milly to liim, kissed her ten derly, smiled sadly upon her, and turning to Cou sin Monica, said "This ia my daughter, Milly-oh ! she has been presented to you clown stairs, has she ? You have, no doubt, been interested by her. As I told her Cousin Maud, though I am not yet quite a Sir Tunbelly Clumsy, she is a very finished Miss Hoy den. Ave not you, my poor Milly ? You owe your distinction, my dear, to that line of circuinvalla tion which has, ever since your birth, intercepted all civilization on its way to Bartram. You aro much obliged, Milly, to everybody who, whether naturally or un-naturally, turned a sod in that in visible uut impenetrable work. For your ac complishments'-rather singular than fashionable -you ave indebted, in part, to your cousin, Lady Knollys. Is not she, Monica ? Thank her, Milly." " This is your truce, Silas," said Lady Knollys, with a quiet sharpnöss. " I think, Silas Euthyn, you want to provoke me to speak in a way before these young creatures which we should all regret." " So my badinage excites your temper, Monnie. Think how you would, then, if I had found you by the highway side, mangled by robbers, and' pet my foot upon your throat, and spat in your face. But-stop this. Why have I said this; simply to emphasize my forgiveness. See, girls, Lady Knollys and I, cousins long estranged, forget and forgivo the past, and join hands over its buried injuries." " Well, be it so ; only let us have done with ironies and covert taunts." And with these words their hands were joined ; and Unelo Silas, after he had released hers, patted and fondled it with his, laughing icily and very low all tho time. " I wish so much, dear Monica," he said, when thin pioce of silent by play was over, " that I could ask you to stay to-night ; but absolutely I h"ve hot a bed to offer, aud even if I had, I fear my suit would hardly prevail." Then came Lady Knollys' invitation for Milly and me. Ho was very much obliged; he smiled over it n great deal, meditating. I thought he was puzzled ; and amid his smiles, his wild eyesscannd Cousin Monica's frank face once or twice suspi ciously. Thero was a difficulty-au undefined difficulty about letting us go that clay ; but on a future one -soon-very soon-he would be most happy. Well, there was an end of that little project, for to-day at least ; and Cousin Monica was too well bred to urgo it beyond a certain point. " Milly, my dear, will you put on your hat and show mo the grounds about tho houso ? May she, Silas ? I should like to renew my acquaintance." " You'll soo them sadly neglected, Monnio, A poor man's pleasure grounds must rely on Nature and trust to lier for effects. Where there is fine timber, however, and abundance of slope, and rock and hollow, wo sometimos gain in picturesqueness what wu loso by negluet in luxury." Then, us Cousin Monica said she would cross the grounds by a path, and meet her carriage at a point to which we would accompany her, and so make her way home, she took leave of Uncle Silas ; a ceremony whereac-without, I thought, much zeal at either side-a kiss took place. "Mow, girls!" said Cousin Knollys, when we were fairly in motion over the grass, "what do you say-will be Jot you come-ves or no ? I can't say, but I think, denr,"-this to Milly--" ho ought to let you seo a littlo moro of the world than appears among the glens aud bushes oE Bartram. Very pretty they aro, like yourself ; but very wild and very little seen. Where is your brother, Milly ; is not ho older than you ?" " Ï don't know where ; and he ia older by six years and n bit." By-and-hy, when Milly was gesticulating to frighten some herons by tho river's bank into tho air, Cousin Monica said confidentially to nie " He has run away, I'm told-I wish I .could boliovo it-aud enlisted in a regiment going to India, perhf^ps the beet thing for him. Did ytm see him here before his judicious self-banish ment?" , . . ?.. / "No." " Well, 1 suppose you have had no loss. Doctor Bryerly says from all he can learn he is a very bad young'man. And now tell me, dear, is Silas kind to you ?" u Yes, always gentle, just as you saw him to-day but we don't see a great deal of him-very little, in fact." "And how do you like your life and the people ? she asked. "My life, very well; and the people, pretty well. There's au old woman we don't like, old Wynt, she is cross and mysterious, and tells untruths; but I don't think she is dis honest-so Mary Quince says-and that, you know, is a point ; and there is a family, father and daughter, called Hawkes, who live in the Wind mill Wood, who aro perfect savage», though my uncle says they don't mean it; but they are very disagreeable, rude people; and except them we see very little of the servants or other people. But there has been a mysterious visit, some one came late at night, and remained for some days, though Milly and I never saw them, and Mary Quince saw a chaise at the side-door at two o'clock at night." Cousin Monica was so highly interested at this that she arrested her walk and stood facing me, with her hand on my arm, questioning and listen ing, and lost, ns it seemed, in dismal conjecture. " It is not pleasant, you know," I said. "No, it is not pleasant," said Lady Knollys, very gloomily. And just then Milly joined us, shouting to us to look at. the herons flying ; so Cousin Monica did, and smiled and nodded in thanks to Milly, and was again silent and thoughtful as we walked on. "You are to come to me, mind, both of yoli, girls," she said, abruptly ; " you shall. I'll mannge it." When silence returned, and Milly ran away once more to try whether the old gray trout was visible in the still waterunder the bridge., and Cousin Monica said to me in a low tone, looking hard at me "You've not seen anything to frighten you, Maud ? Don't look so alarmed, dear," she added with a little laugh, which was not very merry however. " I don't mean frighten in any awful sense-in fact, I did not mean frighten at all. I meant I can't exactly express it-anything to vex or make you uncomfortable, have you?" " No, I can't say I have, except that room in which Mr. Cliarke was found dead." " Oil ! you saw that, did you ?-I should like to see it so much. Your bedroom is not near it?" " Oh, no ; on the floor beneath, and looking to the front. And Doctor Bryerly talked a little to june, and there seemed to be something on his mind more than he chose to tell me ; so that for some time after I saw him I really was, as you say, frightened ; but, except that, I really have had no cause. And what was in your mind when you asked me ?" "Well, you know, Maud, you are afraid of ghosts, banditti, and everything ; and I wished to know whether you were uncomfortable, and what your particular bogle was just now-that, I assure you, was all; and I know," she continued, sud denly changing her light tone and manner, for one of pointed entreaty, "what Doctor Bryerly said; and I implore of you, Maud, to think of'it seriously, and when you come to me, you shall do so with the intention of remaining at Elverston." "Now, Cousin Monica, is this fair? you and Doctor Bryerly both talk in the same awful way to me : and, I assure you, you don't know how nervous I am sometimes, and yet you won't, either of you, say what you mean. Now, Monica, dear cousin, won't you tell me ?" "You see, dear, it is so lonely; it's a strange place, and lie so odd. I don't like the place, and I don't like him. I've tried, but I can't, and I think I never shall. He may be a very-what was it that good little silly curate at Knowl used to call him-a very advanced Christian-that is it, and I hope he is ; but if he is only what he used to be, his utter seclusion from society removes the only check, except personal fear-and he never had much of that- upon a very bad man. And you must know, my dear Maud, what a prize you are, and what an immense trust it is-" Suddenly Cousin Monica stopped short, and looked at me as if she had gone too far. "But you know, Silas may be very good now, although he was wild and selfish in his young days. Indeed I don't know what to make of him ; but I am sure when you have thought it over, you will agree with me and Doctor Bryerly, that you must not stay here." It was vain trying to induce my cousin to be more explicit. " I hopo to see you at Elverston in a very few days. I will shame Silas into letting you come. I don't like his reluctance." " But don't you think he must know that Milly would require some little outfit before her visit." "Well, I can't say. I hopo that is all; but be it what it may, I'll make him let you come, and immediately too." After sho hud gone, 1 experienced a repetition of those undefined doubts, which had tortured me for some time after my conversation with Doctor Bryerly. I had truly said, however, I was well enough contented with my mode of life here, for I had been trained at Knöwl tö a solitudè Very nearly aB profound. 