CiESARISM AND ULTRAMONTANISM. (From theS.^M. Herald.) Under the above heading a close controversy has been carried on in the pages of the Contemporary Review, between Archbishop Mauning and' Mr. James Fitzjames Stephen, and which we have reason to believe has been followed' with no little interest by a large circle of readers. It originated in the great German antagonism between the Government of the new Teutonic empire and that old spiritual empire of which the Pontiff is the head. The Archbishop of Westminster, who did not cease to feel as an Englishman when lie joined the Church of Rome, was grieved at heart to see so many of his countrymen misled by what he considered the perversion of fact and argument with which the German case was represented to the British public in the daily press. In a brochure entitled " Csesarism and Ultramontanism," he set himself to prove to Englishmen that Bismark was wrong, and that the persecuted priests were right, and he sought to do this by showing that these men were martyrs for a principle which had been recognised by every Protestant Church, namely—that in matters of faith and conscience the Church was a higher authority than the State. He went on to maintain that the revelation of Christianity had withdrawn the whole province of faith and conscience from the Civil power, and entrusted it to the jurisdiction of the Church, which, as compared with civil jurisdiction, was both separate and supreme. From this he deduced the fact that the civil Government in Germany was guilty of usurpation, of going beyond its province, and was essentially unchristian in ignoring a principle identified with Christianity itself. He contended that the Church, and the Church alone, could determine what was the sphere of faith and morals, because these limits are a part of the revelation to the Church, while the State has received no revelation. Mr. Stephen set himself to combat this claim and the argument on which it was founded. The Archbishop rejoined. Mr. Stephen, nothing loth, and apparently full of confidence, produced his surrejoinder. The Archbishop followed with a rebutter, and therewith for the present the case is closed. The controversy would be interesting to people of literary tastes were it only as an intellectual tournament. . The combatants are not badly matched. The Archbishop has long been known as an accomplished scholar and a learned divine, to which he adds the additional charm that he writes as a gentleman and a Christian. Mr. Stephen is one of a stock prolific in men of talent. He has had thfe admirable training of an English barrister, has won his spurs in the legal forum, and has superadded Indian to English experience. His courage is quite equal to his capacity. He measured himself quite lately against a no less redoubtable antagonist than Mr. John Stuart Mill, and attacked that philosopher's theory of utilitarianism in a series of papers in the Pall Mall Gazette, which were afterwards republished as a volume. He has now faced round to the opposite quarter, and after trying to demolish the great high-priest of secularism, he is offering battle to a highpriest of ultramontanism. Mr.: Mill did not live to answer his antagonist, though the task has been performed by several of the philosopher's friends, but Dr. Manning is able to appear in person. Of the two intellectual gladiators the ecclesiastic has a greater delicacy, polish, and address; the lawyer has the greater strength, boldness, and sweep of arm. In fact, the contest reminds one of those encounters sometimes seen at an assaut d'arm.es where the bayonet is pitted against the broadsword. The one deals the heavier blows, the other gives the sharper pricks. It is not only, however, as a feat of intellectual arms that this controversy demands attention; the matter of it is of profound and pressing interest. There is not a civilised State in the world which is not at the present time distracted by it. The warfare happens just now to be more intense in Germany than elsewhere, but it is being carried on with more or less vigour wherever the Roman Catholic Church is represented. The argument, therefore, is one which every enlightened Christian ought to ponder, and on which he ought to try to come to some definite conclusion. Like all discussions of the kind, it is of course, encumbered with a great deal of byplay, but the essential points of the argument may be briefly summarised as follows : The claim to universal spiritual sovereignty is, says Mr. Stephen, so enormous that it ought to be demonstrated beyond the possibility of a reasonable doubt, whereaB as a matter of fact, every element of which it is made up is more or less open to doubt. Ho argues that the Archbishop should not only first have established on a basis of moral certainty the divine revelation of the facts of the creed, but he should prove further that Jesus Christ established a Church with the constitution and powers which the Archbishop claims for his Church, and then that his Church is the Church so established. To this the Archbishop rqiiies that Mr. Stephen has changed the is»u>j, and has not fought the question oil the ground tuknn up in his pamphlet. His object, he explains in his first publication, was not to prove the truth of the Christian revelation, but to prove to . those who accepted that revelation that it embodied A principle, which was the principle of ultramontanism. He declined to be shifted from off that ground, and argued that Mr. Stephen's refusal to meet him within that circle was equivaleut to a confession that there he could only expect defeat. For himself he refused to be drawn away from his position. He denied that the onu6 of proving the truth of Christianity rested on him. Christianity is " in possession," and the onus of disproving its right to be where it- is must rest with its assailants. He was content to direct his argument to Christian men, and he was prepared to go even further, and fortify his position by extracts exclusively from Protes- • tant writers. He then proceeds to make a number of extracts from Protestant authorities to prove the special position he is called upon to maintain, which, in hiB own words, is this: — " This is Ultraraontanism—ihe essence of which is that the Church' being a divine institution, and by divine assistance infallible, is within its own sphere, independent of all civil powers; and as the guardian and interpreter of the divine law is the proper judge of men and of nations in all things touching that law in - faith or morals." He contends that his quotations prove that both in the Church of England and in the Church of Scotland, there were authoritative declarations in the amplest terms as to " the separate existence of the spiritual power, its independence, its direct authority derived from its own head, its supremacy within its own sphere over the Civil State and its rulers, its exclusive power to make spiritual laws, to pronounce spiritual judgments, to elect and ordain its own ministers in absolute independence of all persons and powers in the Civil State, and its right to invoke the secular arm, to enforce by civil process the discipline and the judgments in which it admits neither of appeal nor review." Leaving the Established Churches he claims the Free Eirk of Scotland as a still stronger witness to the principle of spiritual independency and supremacy, the assertion of that principle having been the very ground and ba sis ot secession. As to the Nonconformists of all classes, he says that for the one principle of spiritual independence and liberty of conscience they suffered every form of contumely and privation galling to upright and honourable men. He sums up his review of the Protestant witness on the subject as follows—" TJltramontanistr. consists first in the separation of the two powers (spiritual and civil) and vesting them i i different persons; secondly, in claiming for the Church the sole right to define doctrines cf faith and morals; and thirdly, to fix the limits of its own jurisdiction in that sphere. I affirm that these three principles are held by Anglicans, by Presbyterians, by Noncor.formists of every name, and further that they are of the substance of Christianity; that no man can deny any on'e of them without denying the office, and even the existence of the Christian Church, or without affirming the preposterous and monstrous doctrine that the revelation of divine truth is to be judged and disposed of by Royal mandates, legislative enactments and civil tribunals, which is * * * * a denial of revelation altogether. I therefore affirm that every Christian who believes that Christianity is a divine revelation must f.lso believe that divine revelation is independent of all civil authorities, and is dependent upon the authority of God alone, whether that divine authority make itself known by its own action in the isolated consciencB of each individual man, or in the assembly of each Christian sect, or in the congregation of a presbytery, or by the act of an episcopate, or by the voice of the visible head of the Universal Church. The forms indeed are different; the principle is one and the same. * * * The answer we ought to obey God rather i;han man carries the whole claim of divine authority." To this article Mr. Stephen replied the following month. After complaining that the Archbishop had rushed in to attack him before he had completed his exposition, he goes on to make short work of all the quotations, by saying that they are nothing to the point, and retorting on the Archbishop the accusation of having changed the issue. His own argument he said was one not of opinions, but of facts, and his antagonist wanted to make it one of opinions. It mattered not to him what divines had said or written, and no amount of quotation from their works would make a thing different from what it was. The Archbishop claimed for his Church spiritual supre macy over all countries in virtue of an asserted fact, namely—that there was a Church in existence which had been divinely established, which was in possession of a divine revelation, which was consequently infallible, and which, in virtue of its superhuman authority, was above all human institutions. Mr. Stephen's desire was to pin his antagonist who made these assertions down to the proof of them, and he was not going to be put off with a number of quotations which merely went to' show that certain Churches, lawyers, convocations, presbyteries, bishops, and authors had expressed opinions which implied their belief in these facts. No amount of opinion, and no duration of that opinion, proved anything, otherwise Islamism or Buddhism might be proved to be true. As to Christianity being "in possession," Mr. Stephen wan not at all disposed to admit it, considering the immense amount of avowed and unavowed infidelity which penetrates nominal Christendom. But apart from that he refuses to accept a rule of law which is simply one of practical expediency and convenience, aj a rule of logic. A Church that claims submission in virtue of certain principles is bound to prove those principles, and not to ask other people to disprove them. It is nothing to the purpose to say that multitudes profess a belie): in these principles, because on that ground Buddhism would be established as the most probable of religious systems. Adhering stoutly to the position he thus assumes, he contends that the Archbishop not only has not proved, his assertions, but has shown a total incapacity to appreciate the kind of defence he ought to have made, and even the meaning of proof and evidence. Then he contends that the Archbishop ignores or forgets notorious facts, namely, that confessions of faith are not treated by Protestants as infallible expositions—that the members of the Established Church of Scotland do not believe in the divine right of Presbytery, and that the Westminster confession itself distinctly says that the purest Churches under heaven are subject both to admixture and error. As to the Church of England, he presses on the Archbishop Ms own admission that there was in it a large latitudinarian and rationalistic section which refused its spiritual office and authority. He then goes on to argue that Dr. Manning has changed his ground, inasmuch as'he had at first argued that the Church was infallible, admitting that if it were not so "obedience to it might be the worst of bondage," md, when asked to prove it, quotes from Churches none of which claim infallibility, and sorae of which expressly and in terms disclaim it. He then hits the Archbishop very hard by asking him how, if the Dissenters who suffered for liberty of conscience were contending for the same principle which i3 the essence of ultramontanism, it came to pass that the whole policy of the Roman Catholic Church for three hundred and fifty years had been to crush those who were martyrs for their principles. If, as the Archbishop says, the forms v.-ere different as between Roman Catholics and Nonconformists, but the principle was one and the same—how came it that an infallible Clhurch prosecuted the most bloody wars, the most hideous massacres, the most unrelenting cruel persecutions, by which the world has been disgraced, simply to prevail on a point of form over those with whom it was one in principle ? Having so far endeavoured to dispose of the Archbishop'6 argument, Mr. Stephen goes on to develop his own constructive argument in favour of the right of the State. To do this, he starts from a practical ground and adopts the modern scientific method. Let us begin, he says, with facts. Meu aggregate themselves into societies of different kinds and for different purposes. These societies frame laws. These laws are backed up by certain sanctions, and are enforced by sovereign powers. These five terms —sovereignty, law, duty, right, sanction— denote relations which form the skeleton of all human societies. Every Church is one of such societies. The Roman Catholic is one and has its owr. constitution and sovereign. It may happen, and does happen, that a man may belong to more than one of such societies, and their comm.inds may come into conflict. In suchacase, he must disobey one or the other, and must suffer—or at leastrisk—the penalty of disobedience. If asked which of the two he ought to diso'oej-, he must look at his life from its highest point of view, and estimate the value of the laws of each society, and the worth of their separate sanctions. He must ask which of the two sorts of institutions is the better, the healthier, the wiser, and he says boldly that when forced to put this question, as. between Church and State, when forced to answer the question which of the two has most of a hold upon the principles upon which every good government, whether ecclesiastical or lay, must recognise and depend upon, he prefers States to Churches, and that for the fdlowing reasons :—They are more honest than Churches. The objects at which they aim are more rational. The means of which they dispose are better in every respect. Their .'.tading men are, as a rule, abler and wiser than, the leading men in Churches. The results which they produce admit ot being from; time to time tested by visible results. They have in every way less nonsense about them." He .irgues that men have at their command no better mode of getting at the truth than by free discussion amongst their wisest and beat. Conclusions thus arrived at may be wrong, and may require amendment from time to time, or even reversal, but they are the best that can be got under the circum- stances, and they are always open to be checked by their application to facts and by criticism. The clergy are simply members of a profession, and they are less likely to come to a sound conclusion than laymen becanse the latter live in ahealthier atmosphere, and are exposed to fewer illusions. Nations, as human societies, must use the powers which they do in fact possess at their own discretion, and on their own responsibility in regard to every question which comes before them, whether it be political, religious or scientific, and they must not allow themselves to be overruled by clerical instructions in any matter whatever. The test of. the suitability of their laws is not clerical opinion, but their conformity with the permanent principles of human nature and society—principles which are antecedent to, and independent of, all laws whatever. The Archbishop's paper which follows next in course, is in no respect whatever a reply to Mr. Stephen. In fact he accepts that gentleman's argument as a further and ample confirmation of bis own position, namely, that the independence an 1 supremacy of the Christian Church cannot be denied without denying revelation. He turned aside, therefore, from Mr. Stephen, and after noticing a short criticism in the Spectator, and stating that supremacy in matters of faith, and not infallibility, is all that is necessary for his present thesis, and that the claim of this supremacy is universal in all Christian bodies and sects, he says that the real contest is between Christianity and anti-Christianity, and not between Christians of different sects. He then goes on to complete his general argument—that is to say, having proved to his satisfaction that there was a Church founded with the authority he has described, he seeks to prove that his is that Church. No particular logical interest attaches to this argument. Given the conclusion in the major premiss, and there is no difficulty in educing it. Given an infal lible Church as a superhuman organ for re ceiving and communicating a revelation, and it is easy to show that there cannot be at the same time several contradictory revelations in force ; and if there is to be a choice between different Churches, it is easy to raise a presumption in favour of the largest, the oldest, and the most continuous. The real interest of this aigument to the Protestant readers to whom the Archbishop mainly addresses himself is this,—that, if they allow him to assume that they believe what he says they believe, he will land them by an irresistible logical process iu his own ultramontane domain, and as such a conclusion would be quite repugnant to their traditions and their convietions, they will be forced to go back over the ground and try and find the point at which they ought to have parted eompany with him. He of course says there is no such point—that in virtue of their belief in Christianity they are bound to be believers in ultramontanism. He half hesitates to press this argument, and he does put it as mildly and inoffensively as he can, because his wish is not to offend, but to claim as allies all bodies of Protestant Christians. But then he wants their alliance for the purpose of coercing the State into submission to the Church, and if they decline to agree to that he challenges them to show how they can refuse Ultramontanism without refusing Christianity. He does not profess to have argued with the secularists, but he doeB profess to have argued with all Christians. He has not sought to convince the former—he thinks he ought to have convinced the latter. He concludes in these words: " No man can deny the premises of my argument without denying the foundations of Christianity: no man can admit the premises and deny that the Falck laws are barefaced persecution, without incoherence of reason. The only consistent and logical antagonists are Christianity and anti- Christianism. They are face to face now, and God will judge our cause." This is as far as the controversy has hitherto gone. "Whether it will be continued between these two writers we know not. That it will be continued between others in thousands of pes is as certain as that the sun shines in heaven, for it is one of the great controversies of the age. Sorae few remarks on the dispute as we have briefly summarised it, we must reserve for another article. II. Those of our readers who have closely followed the course of the argument between Archbishop Manning and Mr. James Fitzjames Stephen, and who have been watching anxiously to see which of the two may be considered to have achieved a decisive victory, will hardly have failed to notice that with respect to the principal question raised in the first instance, they have scarcely crossed swords at all. There was plenty of skirmishing, and as to some minor positions there was fair fighting, but the real quarrel between them was left undecided, not having been fought out on common ground. The question whether a man could be a Christian and yet not an ultramontane is not the centre of their argument. On this point their mutual attack and defence more resembled an artillery duel than anything else. Each man entrenched himself in his own position, defied his antagonist to dislodge him, and contented himself with long shots that did more or less damage to the opposing bastions. The two men in fact, in the mould of their thought, and in the cast of their arguments, represent not only two contrasted linos of politics and theology, but those two conflicting systems of philosophy which at the present day are struggling for the mastery. Mr. Stephen represents the experience school. He takes his stand on the solid ground of fact and experience. He begins with what we see and know and have daily conviction of. He starts with man as he is, with his gregaious habits. In the regular scientific style he takes note of his social tendencies, and of his associative instincts. He observes that men cluster into societies for different purposes, and round the centre of gravity of different instincts. For civil purposes they form themselves into States. Under the play of the religious instinct they form themselves into religious communities. As all these operations take place in virtue of divinely ordained laws, and for divinely ordained purposes, each of these societies is equally entitled to be called divine, and each from the human point of view is equally described as human. Thus the State is just as divine an institution as the Church, and the Church is just as secular an institution as the State. As the stream can never rise higher than the fountain, so neither Church nor State can ever transcend its origin; neither can become more superhuman than the other, and neither less divine. If they come into conflict, their conflicts must be adjusted by a reference to the principles which called them both into being. The Archbishop represents the opposite school of philosophy. He does not start from experience, but from transcendental metaphysico-theological conceptions and phrases. His datum is a divine revelation, and a Church which is a superhuman organ as the transmitting medium of tbat revelation. His argument is deductive where the other argument is inductive, and all his reasonings really flow out of the definitions of the words with which he starts. Deny him the use of those words, and you take the tools out of his hands. Blunt those tools and turn their edge, and you spoil his handiwork. \- The two men, therefore, start from opposite points of the compass, and approach the question from opposite sides. Mr. Stephen is of the earth, earthy, and all his arguments are mundane. He affects nothing . more than .plain common sense, suitable for a work-ardsy man in a work a-day world. The Archbishop borrows his armoury from heaven, and flashes his weapons from out of a vague celestial halo, brilliant to look at, but unsubstantial to the touch. It follows from this that Mr. Stephen's argument, able as it is, fails to give assistance to those whom the Archbishop has most harassed. He is strong enough on his own ground. He says to the Archbishop, " I meet your challenge with another. I will be an ultramontane when you have proved to my satisfaction your divine revelation to your superhuman Church. I am prepared to argue the question out with you as a matter of history and criticism, if you are prepared to take the issue on that ground, and I will certainly never yield to such pretensions till you prove them." The Archbishop replies, " I am certainly not going to prove them. Life is too short, and I have other more important work on hand. I am sorry for secularists, and sad at heart about them, ;but my present business is not with them but with honest Protestant Christians, to whom I wish to make it clear that the persecution of the Catholics is the persecution of Christianity—that we and they are really in the same boat, and that the controversy of the age is not between ourselves but between our common faith and its assailants." Air. Stephen does not apparently care to argue this particular question. It is only very briefly an d f very incidentally that he at all touches upon it. He is too well content with his position to trouble himself with a cause which is apparently r.ot his own. He leaves the Protestant Christian to his" own resources, to settle the matter on the basis of Christianity as best he may. Yet it is probable that nine out of ten of those who have read these papers with interest, belong to that very class to whom the lawyer gives so little help. Secularists as a rule aie so satisfied with their own philosophy, and treat all ecclesiastical argument with such serene contempt, that they do not bother themselves about it. The ultramontanes, on the other hand, are so content to repose on the infallibility of their own guides, so perfectly assured that the opposite party must inevitably be in the wrong, that discussion, so far as their own needs is concerned, is superfluous. But there is a middle class between these two extremes that is trained to desire a reason for the faith that is in it, and this is the particular class to which the Archbishop makes his strong appeal. He labours hard to seduce or force them into accompanying him, and Mr. Stephen has not argued the question, at least to any important extent, from exactly their point of view. He has shown how he himself can answer the Archbishop, but he has not shown the average Protestant Christian how he is to answer him. It is probable tbat the appeal which his Grace of Westminster has made to those outside the circle of his own Church, but whom he allows to be fellow Christians, will prove a very wholesome stimulant to-.many minds. It will set them thinking as to whether the reasoning addressed to them is sound—whether the conclusions arrived at are welcome, and, if not, whether the premises are to be contested. It is probable enough that there are many Protestants who do not thoroughly undei stand their own principles, and to such it will be a benefit to be forced to consider them and to put them in a clear light. In this review, which they will undertake as citizens, as much as Christians, seeing that the controversy concerns them in both capacities, they may be led to noticc that the distinction which the Archbishop shows between the province of secular things, and which distinction he is perpetually pressing against his antagonists, is, on his showing, a distinction without a difference. It has the air, no doubt, of being condescending and gracious to say to the State, " Within certain limits you are supreme, but the moment you come within the circle of faith and conscience you are trespassing on the domain of the Church." Yet when we come to inquire into the real value of this concession we find that it melts into thin air. Is it idle to talk about the Church's supremacy when we find that the Church itself is the authority for those limits, and can contract and expand them at pleasure. Everything ordered and enjoined by the Church becomes a matter Oi faith or conscience, and it is obvious that there is nothing in the whole range of human belief and action which may not be so enjoined. Is it a question connected with primary education ? The Church speaks, and the faithful find it a matter of conscience. Is it a question of a Catholic University versus "Godless colleges?" Is it a matter of faith and conscience. Is it a question of the validity of marriages or of divorce ? It is a matter of faith and conscience. Is it a question of national or international policy as at present in Germany and Italy ? It is a matter of faith and conscience. Nay, is it a question of the election of a member of Parliament? From the moment one candidate is denounced at the altar and another recommended, the act of voting becomes a matter of faith and conscience. If the Church only can define the limits of the State because it only can define the limits of the Church, the former has no separate status and no separate authority. It is simply a subordinate and derivative institution—a sort of vige-royalty with general powers within a limited range, and which may at any time be cancelled or compressed ; or in other words a sub-department of the Church, or the Church in its secular administration. With more, therefore, than the regal assumption of Louis, Dr. Manning represents the Church as saying " L'etat, e'ett moi." In this view of the case, therefore, it is idle to attempt any determination of the limits of the respective authority of the supreme and the authority of the subordinate power. It would be a waste of time to reason with Dr. Manning as to what rights the State ought to have, and the only point left to argue with him in this respect is as to whether he is right in this fundamental assumption tbat it is for the Church only to determine where the rights of the State should begin and where they should end. From the ultramontane point of view the civil and ecclesiastical jurisdictions are not like two circles which intersect each other having an area common to both, and each of them a segment not belonging to the other, but they are like two concentric circles in which the smaller is included in the-larger. Further, in following the line of argument, and testiDg its logical concatenation, it is of the utmost importance to notice that the appeal the Archbishop makes to the non-Romish churches is only valid in so far forth as he virtually recognises the supremacy of conscience. Let it be noted that his real and avowed object in making this appeal is first to conciliate the sympathy of these outside churches—to show them that "the Archbishop of Posen is a martyr to the same principle as that for which all Protestant Churches have contended ; and secondly, to convince them that, as ultramontanism embodies a fundamental principle which Protestants have themselves identified with Christianity, there is no alternative between rejecting the former and rejecting the latter. If he has succeeded in his argument, he has put every Protestant Christian on the horns af a dilemma, and compelled him in consistency to abandon an untenable middle position—either to go forward to ultramontanism or to draw back from the belief in Christianity. This would be a very serious dilemma for the whole of Protestant Christendom, if it were a real one. But is it a real dilemma? When the Archbishop appeals to the fact that Protestants have always upheld the principle that we should obey God rather than man, he appeals practically to the Protestant assertion of the supremacy of conscience or the right of private judgment—to a principle, the assertion of which has brought more good and noble men to premature and cruel deaths than any other since Christendom had a history. Against this very principle the ultramontane Church has waged incessant war, and its history is disfigured by the persecutions with which it has sought to exterminate it. How is it possible for ultramontanism to rest firmly on the basis of a principle on which it would allow no other Churches to rest? Christianity is thus held up as suicidal—planting a dagger in its owu heart. If it was right in the non-Romish Churches to obey God rather than men, why have they been anathematised ? And if it was wrong in them to follow the dictates of what they thought the revealed will of God, why can it be more right for the Archbishop of Posen to do the same? More right that is on the Protestant hypothesis—for it is on this hypothesis that the Archbishop has apparently condescended to argue the question. He exissly 'says that the Nonconformists and the noman Catholics held the same principle and differed only on a point of torm. But the principle which the Nonconformists held to the death was the liberty of conscience. Is it in virtue of this principle that the Archbishop calls upon ill Protestants to become ultramontanes if they would be consistent Christians ? It is quite obvious that it is nothing of the kind, as the larger part of his argument consists of showing them that they have recognised an external authority to which they are bound to submit. It may be said, " How is it that so obvious an inconsistency—one that so completely vitiates the argument—could have escaped the Archbishop's notice? " The answer is, because it is latent, not patent. It. is not on the surface of the argument, but it lies at its very core. He is too logical to magnify elaborately the supremacy of conscience (he only mentions the phrase " liberty of conscience " once, where he is almost obliged to do it), and then immediately to subordinate the conscience to the Church. Yet this is practically the feat which, under the disguise of an ingenious rhetoric, he performs. The fallacy that is at the bottom of his reasoning is what logicians term the fallacy of the ambiguous middle term. An all-important word, the pivot upon which the argument turns, is a word with two meanings, an image with two faces, and which is turned at one time one way and at another the other ; and in proportion to the address with which this semi-revolution is managed, the delusion escapes detection. The word "Church" is the one that plays the important part in the Archbishop's argument. It is used at one time in a Protestant sense, at another in the Catholic sense, and what is predicated of it in the one signification is transferred to it in the other. To the Protestint the " Church " is " a congregation of faithful men," each mau having his individual responsibilities, each man having separate spiritual individuality, each man being " a temple of the Holy Ghost." The ultimate atom of the Church, so to speak, is the individual man, and no aggregation of such atom destroys that individuality, or does more than establish the consequences that necessarily flow from that gregation. The Spirit is with the Church in no other sense than as it is with the Ijiembers of the Church, and spiritual revelations have been to individuals. They accept the Scriptures as given through individuals, and to be interpreted by individuals with the aid of the same inspiring Spirit. In the Catholic sense, as expounded by Dr. Manning, the Church is a mystical body, inhabited by the Spirit of truth, constituted to be the channel and organ of that truth; the union of the Spirit with this body is a Divine act analogous to the "hypostatic union, whereby the two natures of God and man are eternally united in one person, so as to constitute one moral person, and so that in the Church the perfections of the Holy Spirit become the endowments of the mystical body. When, therefore, Dr. Manning appeals to the Anglicans, Presbyterians, Free Churchmen, and Nonconformists, whom he challenges as his witnesses and claims as his allies, under the penalty of their recanting Christianity itself, if they refuse to go with him, and when he asks them, " Do you not believe that the Spirit is with the Church, and that in virtue of that union it is the duty of the Christian to obey the revealed will of God rather than the commandments of man," the answer would be, "Yes, but we believe that the Spirit is with the Church in the sense that it is With the individual members of the Church, and it is this that establishes their individual responsibility." As long as they hold to this sense, Dr. Manning is unable to carry them off. hut if they will concede his sense, that the Church, as a spiritual entity, is a superhuman organ of revelation, and possesses that revelation in a way in,which no individual ever did or ever could possess it, then all the rest of fcis argument may follow easily enough. Absolut; submission to the cne sole representative on earth cf Diving authority would be the only proper attitude. All that would remain to the individual would be to exercise his judgment as to where and how the human aspect of the Church is constituted, where, and when, and how it was to be considered as having authoritatively spoken, and what was to he taken as the proper interpretation of its authoritative utterances. But except within the range of these inquiries, within which, however, there is a good deal of scope for the exercise of private judgment, ihe authority of the Church would be practically supreme. Admit the Archbishop's premiss, and his conclusion follows; but his premiss is not admitted by the non-Romish Churches in the sense in which he proceeds to apdy it. It is scarcely necessary to say that in these columns we are not discussing the question as between the Protestant and Catholic ideas of the Church, or attempting, to decide between them. We are merely drawing attention to the fact of the distinction, as fundamental to the estimation of the Archbishop's argument, and showing that while the non-recognition of it is his apparent strength and his real weakness, the sturdy insistance on it is the mode in which he will be answered. It is easy, of course, to quote from Protestant authorities passages referring to the Church in its totality, bi:t no such references undermine the fundamental position that revelation is to the individual direct, and not through priests or spiritual corporations. The intense individualism of Protestanism is one of its special characteristics, and to ignore it in an appeal to Protestants, was to leave the part of Hamlet out of the play. The conception of the Church as something more thar the body of believers— as something specially superhuman and semidivine, and as in that capacity the only infallible medium of revelation—is not a fundamental doctrine with Protestants, who hold their Scriptures as coming, not through such a medium, but through the "holy men who spake as they were moved." We conclude, therefore, that the Archbishop's argument will not prove potent with the class to whom he has addressed it, and for the purposes for which he intends it. He has not compelled them to go with him to the Tery end of his conclusion, or else to part eompany with Christian principles to which they have hitherto been warmly attached, and retire to the frigid shades of secularism. The Protestant secession wc-uld have been absolutely unjustifiable and inconsistent except as the assertion of the principle that each individual Christian had in matters of faith and conscience the right of private judgment. So long as it adheres to that principle it can never be claimed as an ally to the opposing principle that in matters of faith and conscience it is bound to recognise the orders of the Church as a spiritual corporation; and the non-Romish citizen is therefore, as a citizen, consistently free to act in secular matters according to his judgment and conscience withont submitting either himself or his State to the control of any Church authority. NOVACAMBRIA. 