The Railway Time Table has been Rinsed again. The mail trains to the South and West will leave Sydney at 5.15 p.m., and till arrive at Goulburn at 1.20 a.m., and at £el*n at 3 a.m. The return tram from Goul Sn will start half an hour later than at ©resent, and from Raglan twenty minutes later- . , , Three of the prisoners sentenced to death for rape at the recent sitting of the P tral Qrimiual Court have had their sentences commuted. Pyne and Evans, the perpetrators of the Fort Maequar'e outrage have been sentenced each to seven years hard labour, the first two vears in irons. Desmond, who violated his owu step-daughter, has been sentenced to im prisonment for life. The City Coroner held an inquest on Tuesday last upon the body of the unfortunate vouth who died from injuries accidentally received, while engas^.i .-.i: Ins work, at the foundry of Messrs. R is ] a- d Company, on Monday. The jury r i.i c-l verdict Lo the effect that he died iio . nj n »s accidentally received. We undert' S i -,- K- was a jouth of great p.o^.- , ' '? 's cemed by his employers. A confiii* -i i-i i -i ? 'i ioi, mimed John Williams, i« !-- - ll ^ '??? is i^'l, on Friday last. The'J' - ? 1 ?-!?'- t- uiid that death had been c a & \- -- i - ? .i nil enlargement of the heart. The Goulburn voluuti ers having put the whole country in a ferment and alinosc upset a snrong ministry by their determination to get. lid of Captain Rossi, have written to the com maudment to ask if they may. re-instal him. They have been well, snubbed, for .their, folly, and serve them tight;. A few more exhibitions of their complete incapacity for their voluntary profession, suA the best thine; the Government could do would be to send them to the right abouts. The country is beginning to think so already. The Eight Hour demonstration took place on Monday afc Manly Beach. Over two thousand persons were pre seat. The picnic would have been in every way a. great success but for the presence of several gangs of forties, who con trived to find their way bbere and misbehaved themselves in their best style. The ^demonstra tion occupied considerably more than the ortho dox eight hours which ifc was meant to honour. Messrs. Moore, Henderson, aud Bow cher. entertained their employees' at luncheon on Thursday last;. On their return from Olon tarf. where. the luncheon took place, one of their unfortunate workmen fell overboard, and was only saved by the gallantry and presence of mind of a Mr. Buchanan. Of course, ifc is unneces sary to say, that this was not Mr. D. Buchanan, M.L.A. '?'.'' Cricket. — Albert v. . War wicks — TMrtean Cup Match. — These two clubs met on Saturday to contest the above match, and so far as it has gone, affairs, appear prefcfcyequal. The Alberts won the toss and went in first, Thompson making83, Oliver 23, and F. Spofforth 14, the innings finishing for a total of 87 runs. . Banner man bowled very well, getting 6 wickets for 29 runs. The Warwioks have made 73 runs with the loss of 7 wickets, C. Kellick 23, Sheridan 13, and Oatley (not out) 15. Another match— East Sydney v. Oai.-lton — This match, was commenced on Saturday last, in the Domain, when some of the young East Sydney's treated their opponents to a leather hunt. East Sydney made 149 in their 'first innings — Hinchey'44, Leathes (not ont) 38, in which were two splendid leg hits for five each, aud'C. Gregory 21, being the principal scorers, The G&v;\ tons had totted up 28 for the loss of four wickets, when the stumps were drawn. D. Gregory bowled exceedingly well. '* here was a Little case of some interest before their Honors the Supreme Judges, sitting in Banco, on Tuesday lasb Mr. Little, of Mud gee, engaged a barmaid in Sydney, and took her west. The barmaid and Mrs. Little couldn't agree, although there was only a Little to quarre about One night Mr, Little took the barmaid by the neck (be pub his hand, not his arm, round it,) and pushed her oub of the house, and on to her -rnees. For this he was convicted by the Mudgee magistrates of an aggravated assault. His lawyer thought ifc was only a common assault, and appealed to the Supreme Court. The Judges disagreed. Our own opinion, for which we don't charge six and eightpence, is, that ifc was neither an aggravated nor a common assault, bub a very MKcpmunon on.3, and we think less than ever of Little. The Kiama Ghost, or one of his respec table family has turned. up at Mudgee. An apparition, says the Western Post, as of a man clothed in a white garment appeared to a couple of youths fishing ou the banks of the river — one of whom was anaboriginal — and frightened them out or their wits. 