MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT. THE Municipal elections generally this year afford some gratifying symptoms. They evince very plainly that our population is not so indifferent to the proper management of local affairs as it has been diligently represented. All that is wanted is time to allow municipal institutions to develop themselves, for their success to be as complete in Tasmania as in other countries. Given a fair opportunity for experience and knowledge to be acquired, and we shall have the colony represented by a complete network of self-governing districts, transacting their own local affairs in a business like way, with no more fuss and contention than, are necessary to purify the atmosphere, and at a cost which will satisfy every reasonable expectation. And then the functions of Parliament will become reduced in such a mauuer as must rescue its character from what it bas been sunk to—little better than a paltry vestry or road board, but without the salutary restraints which keep them in check. It has often' been asked how it comes in Tasmania that so much difficulty is found in obtaining fit men to go into the Legislature 1 Doubtless to some extent the question is answered by the fact that the colony is not so rich as its neighbors in men who have leisure to devote to public duties. But the hindrances are not wholly from that cause. Pitting men do exist in failproportion, hut they are repelled by a demand of several months' service, for the most part in unmitigated waste, upon questions which properly belong to the respective districts interested, but which are used as the stock-in- trade of mere political jugglers, men who have no better conception of how to govern than by wheedling and circumventing. Even : irrespective of disdain for a position in which they fear being duped on one hand, and are chilled in their endeavors to infuse a different tone on the other, the nature of the engrossing question will not admit of tliatf kind of discussion which attracts superior men. In one word, — so long as Parliament is made a Municipal Cor poration for the whole colony, so long will it bear no higher character than belongs to such a body, and so long also will the districts .have their special work ill done, and be exposed to all the chances of Parliamentary log-rolling and Executive corruption. And it is because we flatter ourselves that this is being daily more and more felt and acknowledged to be the case, that we regard the new interest in the Municipal elections as most gratifying, Seeming apathy in previous years has been presumed upon by those whose tactics would be most served by the extinction of all local vitality in the colony ; and in the last session of Parliament nothing was so manifest on the part of the present Administration as design to grasp every fragment of patronage and power, and concentrate administration in a bureau in Hobart Town: Openly and also insidiously, this movement -was made, and it was carried out in Bismarckian style where the intervention of Parliament could be escaped. We need but recall the attempt to deprive the Municipal Councils of the control of the local police, introduced as it was in a dastardly spirit that begged immunity from the conditions of responsible government. It must be obviousthat the surest method of strangling Municipal freedom is to leave only the ghosts of Municipal Councils, for ghosts only would remain if all important functions were taken from these bodies. Then what was the radical principle of the Public Works scheme i No one was found to argue that special help was not necessary in some districts to facilitate the development of their capabilities, nor even that the whole colony was not interested in that development. But what waR not necessary was that the Ministerial scheme should put every aided or every hungry district completely under the thumb of Ministers, to be recompensed with a smaller or larger subsidy just as they gave less or more effective support by their representatives in Parliament to keep Ministers in their places.- The scheme was a huge bribe to be got at last from the pockets of the people to be bribed,— a bribe, to them to surrender themselves to the liberality of the Government which was to become all in all. ' And in the same spirit of engrossment we saw bodies swept out of existence which, with all their defects, had never been half so defective as the Executive in the management of the various benevolent institutions of the colony supported from public funds; indicating characteristically what also would have been the fate of our Municipal bodies, could they as easily have been got rid of. But will Mr Kennerley and his colleagues carry out the menace of renewing in 1875 the baffled attempt of 1874? Will they persist in the project of emasculating the municipal bodies and then wiping them out of existence altogether % We incline to think they will now hesitate, and for this reason.:—To one principle we believe they never will be found untrue :—and it is pleasant to do justice to an enemy 1—they never will fail knowingly in loyalty to the supreme principle of avoiding a risk of loss and place. The fine instincts of the Attorney-General would recoil from the task of drafting a bill to suppress local self government, if he only perceived that the wind blew adversely to a policy of this kind. Wisdom, as defined by Bacon, is of various kinds, including " wisdom for one's self," in which particular kind no one can have ever discovered Mr Giblin to be deficient. 