DIOCESE OF TASMANIA. '.', „;,' , , : :. During- the Synod, which met on 9th Feb., the Eev. J. Burrowes rose arid asked the president whether an article which appeared in the Christian Witness on January 24, purporting to be the copy of a confirmation card issued under the sanction of the bishop, was a genuine copy of that card or not. The following is the article alluded to, which we give at length on account of its extreme importance as an exhibition of advanced doctrine : — ? ' CONFIRMATION CARD. When, some months ago, a Confirmation-card, circulated with the sanction of Bishop Bromby and bearing his signature, was brought under public notice, it was stated that the extracts from it, then published, were incorrect and garbled. A true copy having been un expectedly placed in our hands within the last few days, we now publish it entire, that our readers may judge for themselves. It is as folloWS I— .: V ;;?: : Memorial of Confirmation and First Communion At the Church of St. John the Baptist. Name v A.B. Prepared for Confirmation by the Rev. H. B. Bromby. Confirmed on the Friday in Whitsuntide, June 2, 1871. By Me, C.H.Tasmania. Whenever I look at this card I will remember and renew the three solemn Confirmation- vows— -Bepentance, Faith, and Obedience ; and I will remember and cherish anew the Gift of the Holy Ghost, then given me at the laying on of the Bishop's hands. [Acts viii. 17.] Prayer. — 0 Blessed Jesu ! send Thy Holy Spirit to renew in me daily His manifold Gifts. ' [Isai. xi. 2.] AT THE TIME OF CONFIRMATION , Keep very quiet, and try to think only of the Holy Spirit. -Kneel down as j much as possible, and use the prayers which axe, printed at. the back of this card before Service, Make the answer 'I do,' clearly and distinctly. When the Bishop's hands test on your head, say in your heart the Prayer he is using. When you get to your place kneel down and pray- — . 0 Holy Spirit ; confirm all good habits in me, -and destroy the power of evil in me. Confirm me in faith, in hope, and in love to Thee. My body is now Thy Temple — keep it pure from wilful sin. . Spend the rest of the day as much as possible by yourself, and in thankful prayer :but take care not to be dull and gloomy : religion should show itself to be bright and cheerful. Never Forget This Day ! ??-?'' It is a Turning Point in Your Life. ?-??????; a ! Heaven May Depend Upon the Use You Make of It! ? ? v. Eeceived my First ) The Eev. H.B. Bromby, ? : ^ ; - Communion from J Trinity Sunday.. , ? : . Be sure that you do not ever come to Holy Communion with any wilful sin in your heart. If you are not sure,, and want help and guidance, go to your pastor for advice (Heb. xiii. 17), and the benefit ? of absolution (St. John xx. 23.) : ' Having thus prepared yourself with special self-examination (1 Cor. xi. 28) come as often as you can to the blessed Sacrament. Never forget to come to communion at Christmas, Easter, and Whit Sunday. Eemember ! those who are not ready to receive the Holy Communion are not ready to die ; and death may come at any moment (St. John vi. 53.) You need not puzzle 'yourself with asking how Christ is present in His Holy Sacrament. In a heavenly and spiritual manner, the bread and wine, after being consecrated, are to the faithful receiver 'verily and indeed' the body and blood of Christ.; Jesus tells us so himself (St. Mark xiv. 22, 2i ; St. John vi. 55) and St. Paul tells us so (1 Cor. x. 16), therefore believe it, and act upon your belief. Do not be so ungrateful to our dear Lord as to refuse His dying request, ' Do this in remembrance of Me?' At the moment of receiving the Holy Sacrament of Christ's body and blood, say in your heart, - 0 Lamb of God, that taketli away the sins of the world, Have mercy upon mo, grant me- Thy peace. Do afterwards as I have advised you after Confirmation. Try to bring some special request each time you thus ' ' shew, i.e., plead, the Lord's death' (1 Cor. xi. 26), whether it be a blessing you need for yourself or others, or a temptation to be overcome. Sometimes, when you cannot actually receive the Blessed Sacrament, yet stay through the whole Communion Service, praying earnestly. We ought never to turn away from that service which our Lord him self ordained. ? Thanksgiving Hymn after Communion. Jesus ! gentlest Saviour, God of might and power, . Thou, Thyself, art dwelling in us at this hour : ' ' Nature cannot hold Thee, Heaven is all too strait ' f For Thine endless glory and Thy royal state ; , , v ? Out beyond the shining of the furthest star s f , Thou art ever stretching1 infinitelv far. , *- _» 'i- : Yet the hearts of children hold what worlds cannot, , ,lWI/ ; , ?;...;. And the God . of wonders loves the lowly spot ; c ... t As men to their gardens go to, seek sweet flowers, ' \ r J ' l' ' In our hearts dear Jesus seeks them at all hours. ' f''v-.'~' ^ Jesus ! gentlest Saviour, Thou art in us now ; ' ' f - 'f r 1 Fill us full of goodness till our hearts o'erfiow. ?? : '??;?? Pray the prayer within us that to Heaven shall rise, * ' -' Sing the song that angels sing beyond the skies ; -? ? 'i ?, Multiply our graces, chiefly Love and Pear, - And, dear Lord, the chief est, grace to persevere ; ' , '. - . O ! how can we thank Thee for a gift like this, . (/ Gift that truly maketh. Heaven's eternal bliss. Amen, 