CHAPTER XX. ON THE SEA. They had been at sea three days, and Edith in her wrapper and pretty hood was sitting on deck in the large easy chair her busband had bought in Liver- pool for this very purpose. Every possible comfort which ingenuity could devise and money pay for he had procurad for her in order to make the voyage her first, as he supposed-bearable. The largest, most commodious stateroom in the ship was hers, with a smaller one communicating with it, so that she need not feel too much confined to one locality, and when all this did not prevail to avert the evils of seasickness, he and Norah nursed her assiduously, until she was able to be lifted in her husband's streng arms and carried upon deck, where, with the fresh summer breeze blowing in her face, she felt her strength coming back, and thoroughly enjoyed the blue expanse of sky above, and the deep, dark waters beneath, which now were smooth and quiet as a river of glass. The colonel was never sick, and walked the planks from first to last as firmly and steadily as a general at the head of his' troops ; but alas for poor Godfrey. During the voyage out he had been perfectly well, even in a storm, and boasted much of his ability to keep so. " You have only .to exercise your will a little, and you can keep well enough," he said, with a certain sniff of contempt for the weaker ones who are never seen from pon to port "Pluck is all j ou need to keep j ou straight, even when chairs and tables, and shovels and tongs ore dancing a cotillon, and raising j Ned generally " This was Godfrey's opinion, when in his clean, light summer suit ne stepped airily on board and gave his hand to Bob Macpherson, even then grow- ing pale about the Ups and unsteady in his feet But when tbey had been out a few hours, and that great lurch came, and the waves broke over the deck, and splashed Godfrey's clean pants, and dashed the salt spray in his face, he, too, began to turn white, and feet, as he expressed it, as if the ends of his toes were coming up through his stomach to piy his throat a visit, and when the toes had reached theie and shows signs of gung still further, the brave joung mon succumbed to his fate, and with the exclamation " By George, I'm going to vomit," he suddenly disappeared from view, and went headlong into the room where poor Bob had lain from the first, caring little whether his perfumed hair was parted in the middle or not, or his elaborate n ght shirt buttoned before or behind Personal appearance was nothing there in that stateroom where the two young men lay, one ra the upper, one in the under berth, and both too sick for more exertion than to groan, when a swell, heavier than usual, nearly sent them rolling on the floor Regularly each morning Dan went m to see how it fared with them, offering chicken broth and coffee, bidding them "keep up their courage and have a little pluck, it was nothing to what it would be " To these consolatory remarks Bob offered no re- sponse He was too nearly crushed to speak, and afraid, withal, to do stf, as the least movement raised a tornado in his stomach, but Godfrey was more demonstrative, and having plunged into bed in his boots, which he had succeeded in getting off and had beside him, he hurled one at the head of poor Dan, who adroitlj dodged it and then grauouslj adjusted the spittoon, knowing it would be needed after such exertion And it was I " Talk to me of pluck '" Godfrey said, between the upheavmgs which nearly burst his throat, ' I believe my soul I'm throwing up my pluck ' ' and then he lay back upon his pillow, white, quivering and subdued, and took a swallow of the brotb and declared it was made of dishwater, and bade Dan clear out and never show himself there again Regularly, too, twice flach daj, the colonel visited his son, and mude set speeches to him, and bade him try to dress himself and get on deck, where the air would soon restore him " Mrs Schuyler is there, and nearly well, and she was as bid as you, and worse, for she could not flounce as jon do A little effort of the will is all that is necessary to set you on 3 our legs " Unconsciously, he was quoting Godfrey's oven words, and poor Bob ventured ahttle cbnckle,"which he paid for afterward, while Godfrey wished there was no such commandment as the third, so that he might free his mind and bid the governor hush up with his effort of the will ' And how, these days, had it fared with little Gertie, the second-class pissenger, whose state-room was small and close and hot, for the window h id been closed and fastened since the water came in with a dash and wet the little hard bed Poor Gertie, how the ship tumbled and rolled and tossed, and how she tossed and rolled and tumbled with it, and clutched at everything in her reach, with a feel- ing that they were tipping over and she was stand- ing on her head" And how the cold clammy sweat stood on ber face and hands, and the dreadful, death-like faintness crept from her feet through every nerve, as, with fenrful contortions, her stomach tried in vam to relieve itself, and she fell back, panting and helpless, upon tbe hard, scant pillow. It was horrible, and the poor child wished so much that she could die, or that the ship would stop for just one minute, only one minute, and give her time to breathe, even though it were the fetid air which almost stifled her, and made her long so for the bedge-rows and fields of dear old England, nowsofarawaj But Gertie did not die and the vessel did not stop, and the window was not opened She was merely second-class, and it waa not worth any one's while to open and shut windows just when she wanted, and though Miry Rogers did all she could for her sick child, and brought her many things to tempt her appetite, Gertie turned from them ill and sobbed piteouslj, "I am so sick-so sick Will we ever be there ? Is ever} bod j sick, and are all the rooms as close and hot and small J Where is the pretty lady, Mrs Schuyler? I wish she'd come and Bee me I think I shall be better Would you dare ask 1 er?" Mrs. Rogers did not know whether she dared or not She would see, she said, and when that after- noon she saw Edith on deck, looking so bright and well, she ventured upon some trivial remirk ae the cousin ot Norah, and finally spoke of her little girl, who was suffering BO much " Ob, yes, Gertie Westbrooke I remember now. She was to go with us, and you are Mrs Rogers, Norah's cousin, and the little girl is very sick and uncomfortable, I am so sorry for her I know just how it feels Can I do anj thing for her p" M irj hesitated, and then said ' She has felt interested in j ou since the day j ou were married She was there" " \es, and threw me the pretty bouquet," Edith taid uid \iarj continued "She talks a great deal of 3 ou, and thinks now if you could come and see her it would do her good , but, ma'am, I told how it wasn't likely you would or could do that Our room is very small and close, the pillows are so hard and poor " " I do not believe I can go now, I am hardly strong enough," Edith said, " but I will come soma day^ if she does not get well, and now carry her this soft, warm shawl, it will answer for a pillow I do not need it at all, and Norah shall take her some oranges and wine " Mary demurred at the shawl, but Edith insisted, and remembered the oranges and wine, which so re- freshed the child that she slept soundly that night for three or four hours with Edith's shawl for a pillow, anda dream of Edith m her heart The next daj she was Uett»r, ana Mary took the shawl back to Edith, who was again on deck, with her husband standing beside her " Poor thing," Edith said, kindly " I am glad she 13 better. Tell her I'll come and see her when I can, and as soon as she is able to be moved I'll bave her brought up into my little state-room I do not need it at all, and it must be dreadful there with the win- dow shut and the air so close and confined " She glanced at her husband, whose brows wera nearly together, and whose whole face was overcast " Who is this woman and who is the child you purpose moving into our stateroom p" he asked, stiffly, when Mary was gone, and Edith replied by telling him what she knew of Gertie Westbrooke and her mother Colonel Scbuyler could reproach Edith for seeming cold and proud towards the Lyles, to whom he felt that he owed something, but be was far from wishing her to treat people like Mary Kogers with any show of familiarity. There his pride came in strongly, and he said to her at once : " You can send the child any delicacy you choose, and I will see that her window is opened so that Bhe can have air, but she must not be brought to our state- room , and if she slept on j our shawl, as it seems to she has, I desire you to give it to her altogether. You surely will never wear it again p Norah " And he turned to their maid, who stood near " Take this shawl to your cousin's child and tell her Mrs. Schuyler sent it, and wishes her to keep it.'' Norah looked wondenngly at him, while Edith blushed painfully, but neither eaid a word, and after Norah was gone with the shawl Colonel Schuyler continued " I do not wish to distress j ou, my dear, or to interfere with your actions unnecessarilj, but I think it just as well not to have too much to do with the lower class unless, as m the case of the Lyles, we are under obligations to them. And as this Rogers'child is nothing to us, you are not called upon to visit her or treat her as an equal She will soon recover Such people alwaj s do I'll go now and speak about the window " He felt uncomfortable and wished to get awaj, for he did not quite like the grieved look in Edith's eyes, or the pained expression of her face Edith herself could not tell why bia words hurt her as they did, or why she felt so interested in the sick girl whom she had as yet ntver seen distinctly But she was interested m her, and though she did not visit her as she had intended doing, she sent her many delicacies and a pillow from her extra state room, and felt almost as much pleased as Marj Rogers her- self when she heard at last that she was better Poor Gertie had been very sick, and her bright colour wie all gone, and her round cheeks looked thin and wan, when at last she was able to sit on deck in a part of the vessel to which, as second class, she had a right. Very carefully Mary dressed benn her pretty, dark chintz wrapper, with its facings of pink, and then folding Edith's shawl about her, car- ried |ier on deck, and propping her up with pillows and cushions made ber as comfortable as she could Mary had not demurred at all at the gift of the shawl, and greatly to Norah's disgust had accepted it almost as a right. " I'm thinking she would not take it quite so easy if she knew it was his pride which sent it to her," Norah said to herself, but Mary did not know, and Gertie was delighted with the gift, and wondered how the lady could be so generous, when it must have cost at least three pounds, and wondered, too, ' why she was so kind to her, a poor little girl whom she had never seen. Though pale and thin with marks of suffering on ber faC9 and in her soft blue eyes, Gertie was pretty still, and made a very attractive picture as she sat in her quiet corner with a book, whose pages she was turning listlessly and trying to read a little, when she heard footsteps approaching her and a voice ex- claimed : "Hallo, Bob, by George if there isn't 'La Soeur,' looking like a little ghost ; here, this way ;" and Godfrey Schuyler, who was also better and able to be up, came quickly to her side, followed by Robert Macpherson, who moved more slowly and showed more signs of weakness than the active, restless Godfrey. Robert Macpherson had seen and talked with Gertie at her lodgings near Oakwood, and had asked her to sit for her picture, and she had said she would, and a day had been appointed for the sitting, when Mary Rogers interfered and refused in toto, and kept her ¿mid so close that neither Robert nor God frev saw her aaam except in her aunt's companj or through the window of her room Godfrej, indeed, had only spoken to her once, and that when she sat in the door eating blackberries, her lips and pretty fingers stained with the juice, and her bright hair falling about her face. Mia Rogers bad come upon him then just as he was going to make some flattering speech, and called her little gill awaj , and he had not seen her since until now, when he esteemed it a great piece of luck to stumble thus upon her with the dragon out of sight Gertie knew him, and a pleased smile broke over her face and shone in her eyes, when he stopped before her and asked if she had been sick, and how she liked the feeling of it She did not like it at all, and she and Godfrey grew very social and sympathetic as they compared notes, he gorag far ahead of her, of course, inasmuch as he did not hesitate to draw upon his imagination when necessary , while she adhered stnctly to the truth, saying only that she felt at times as if she were standing on her head, while he averred that he did stand on his head until he was black in the face She did not believe him, but she laughed merrily at his droll sajings, and their acquaintance was progressing rapidlj when he asked wh it she was reiding, and stooped down beside her to see the title page I I Godfrey was very fond of girls, little girls espe- cially, and this one had interested him greatly from the time he first saw her in the cab on Caledoma Btreet, and pbw, as he bent his face so close to hers that his brown curls touched her auburn hair, and he felt her breath on his cheek, he could not resist the temptation, but snatched a kiss from her parted lips ere she was aware of his intention Though rather small of stature, Gertie was twelve years old, and very womanly in some respects, and at this liberty all her instincts of modesty and pro- priety awoke within her, and while the hot tears glittered in her eyes, which flashed angrily upon the offender, she said " You stop ! You musn't ' You shan't ! You have no business to kiss me, Mr Godfrey, and I am very indignant V She wiped her Ups two or three times, while God- frey, who considered it ft good joke, and was vastly amused at her rage, said to her " Why oughtn't 1 to kiss a pretty girl like you when I And her all alone ?" " Because 1 am alone," Gertie replied, with a very wise Bhake of the head " Becau'e men like you shouldn't kiss girls like me whom they don't like " "But I do like you immensely," Godfrey said, " and think you the prettiest girl I ever saw." " Hush '" Gertie rejoined, with all the dignity of a woman of twenty " You shall not talk to me, and you wouldn't either if I was somebody else " " Who, for instance ?" Godfrey asked, and looking bim steadily in the face, with her clear honest eyes, Gertie said "Mr Godfrey, honor bright, if I were one of your sisters, would you bave done it ?" "Certainly, I hive a right to kiss my sister," God- frey said, and Gertie continued " I don't mean that I mean if you were somebody else and I was one of your sisters " " Still wr >ng,' Gjdfrey said, " for even if I were somebody else and you my sister 1 would kiss you many times " He would not understand, and Gertie glanced appealtngly at Robert Macpherson, who had been listening languidly, while with an artist's interest he attentivelj studied the little face which so puzzled and attracted him As he met her glance he carne a step nearer to her, and said " Let me tell you how to put it Suppose you are my sister p ' " You are a gentleman bom ?" Gertie asked, while the young man colored to the roots of his hair, and answered faintly " les I believe I am " " Well then," and she turned again to Godfrey, ' suppose I was his sister and j ou were yourself, and you found me a sick, tued little girl, sitting by mjself, would you have dared to kiss me then p" There was in her manner so much sweetness and dignity withal that languid Bob roused in her behalf, and said " If he did I'd knock him down," while Godfrey, wholly driven to bay, answered humbly " No, Miss Gertie, I would not, and I beg your pardon, and assure you I meant no harm, but really you looked so pretty, so piguanie-" " You must not tell me that either," Gertie said " I'm glad if you think me pretty, and glad to have you like me, but you musn't tell me so It's very bad, for Auntie Rogers said so She says youxg men like you never talk to girls like me for good, and I must not let you " " What kind of a girl are you, pray ?" Godfrey asked, feeling more and more amused and interested with this quaint little creature, who replied " I am poor, and have not any relatives except a grandmother, and I don't know where she is But mj mother was a lady, auntie says, and I once lived m a big house with servant», and auntie was my nurse I don't know where it was or why I left it when my motliei died Auntie does not tell me, and she is so kind, and I have forty pounds a year of my own, and may be I shall learn a trade, or teach school in America, and some time marry respectable, but I'm not the kind of a girl for a man like you to kiss and talk to." ' Gertie, you are a brick !" came emphatically from the amused Godfrey, who felt a great desire to kiss the full red lips again in his admiration of the child But he dared not do it Indeed, there was some- thing about her which inspired him with a respect such as be had never before felt for a girl, and, as he told Robert Macpherson m confidence, he wanted to crawl into his boots when, after his assertion that she was a brick, she lifted her eyes so wondermgly, and said " I'm a what ? ' " A brick," he answered, " don't you know what that is'' " Yes, I know it in its place but I don't know what you mean when you give the name to me Nothing bad, I hope " " Certainly not, it's a compliment I called you so because 1 like you and think yon smart-clever, you English would say,I suppose.' And Godfrey began to shake down his pants, and stand first one one foot and then upon the other, in his perplexity how te appear well m the mind of this little girl, who was so young, and innocent, and honest, and yet so old in some things ' That's slang, isn't it ?" Gertie asked And he replied " Yes, I suppose it would be called so, but it is very expressive Don't you like slang " No, I do not, and I don't see why nice people like you should use it so much " " Do I use it so much ?" Godfrey asked. And the girl replied " I heard you once at Oakwood, when you did not know I was there in the kitchen, say ' by George,'and ' by Jove,' three times right along, and you called your father the ' governor,' and one of the maids said she supposed it was Yankee slang " Godfrey's face was Bcarlet at this reproof, which he knew be merited, and for a moment he did not know what to say. Soon rallying, however, he said, good- naturedly " I guess I am rather given to slang-the girls at home nag me about it all the time, and I do it to tease them , but I'll quit it now, by Jo-I beg your pardon I did not know I was so given to it, and I will reform, by George 1 There ! that was to finish up" And Godfrey laughed heartily at himself, while Gertie, too, joined in the laugh, and thought how handsome he was, and what white even teeth he had, and hoped he was not angry with her So when he said to her next " Gertie, if I really try to reform, and quit my slang, will you pi omise to like me a little * ' she answered, quickly " Yes, and I like you now-some, you know-though I did not like you to stare at me so when I was m the cab at Mrs. Barrett's gate, but when 1 saw you in church at ths wedding I thought you very nice, and kept on thinking so until you kissed me just now, when I was very angry for a little while, but I'm over it now, and you'll never kisB me again ' That was a fixed fact m her mind, but Godfrey was not so sure of it, and he said to her, seriously " Gertie, I am sure you are very good and gene» rous, and I really mean to reform, and I want you to promise me one thing, You aie going to Hamp- stead, I believe ?" Yes, Gertie supposed she was, "but," she added, " I shall not see you, of course " " Why not?" he asked, and she replied " Why, don't you know ? You are rich and we are poor You live in the great house, and we are your tenants, that is, I believe auntie is to rent a cottage of your father, if it is not too high We can- not give much, for auntie lost her shares in the bank last summer, and now she must do fluting and clear- starching and sewing for our living, as she will not touch my forty pounds, that she saj s is for my edu- cation, and I do so want to learn music. We can live on most nothing, only the rent takes money Will it be very much '" "No, not much," Godfrey replied, a sudden thought flashing into his mind upon which he re- solved to net, but not tdl he had made his compact with Gertie " You did not let me finish," he said ; " I want to make a bargain with you, which is this : I am to re- form, and you are to tell me from time to time if I am improving, and when you really think I am a perfect gentleman, you are to let me kiss you again. Is it a fair bargain ?" Gertie considered a moment, and then said, with the utmost gravity : " Ye-es-J. don't believe there they would be any harm in it, inasmuch as you did it for pay." "Then it is a bargain, and I begin from this minute to be a gentleman," Godfrey cried, with a tremendous shake of his pants, but his zeal was a little dampened by Gertie's next remark. " It may be a long time, Mr. Godfrey, and I'll be grown up, and then it would not be proper at all." Here Robert Macpherson burst into a loud laugh, and exclaimed ; " Better give it up, Schuyler, the child is too rauch for you." But Godfrey was not inclined to give it up, and said : " A bargain is a bargain, Miss Gertie, and I shall claim my reward if it is not until you area hundred. How old are you, little one ?" " Twelve, going on thirteen. How old are you ?" " Eighteen, going on nineteen," was Godfrey's answer, and as he just then saw his. father in a distant part of tbe vessel, he touched his hat to the girl with as much respect as if sfle had been a princess, instead of a nobody, whose adopted mother took in fluting for a living, and walked away to set in train the plan he had in hie mind for benefiting Gertie Westbrooke. She interested him greatly, not only with her sweetness anu oeauty, Dut witn ner tearless, quaint manner of talking to him, and the perfect simplicity she manifested in «very thing she said. He knew she was not Mary Rogers' child, and that might, perhaps, have had its effect upon him, and made him esteem her more highly, though he did not stop to analyze the nature of his interest in her. He only knew he was interested, and wished to do her good and joining his father, he said : ' " By the way, father, have you decided which house you will rent to Mrs. Rogers ?" " Rent to whom ?" Colonel Schuyler asked. " Who is Mrs. Rogers ?" He had. forgotten her for the moment, but when Godfrey explained that she was N/orah's cousin, and foBter-moiher to the little girl whom he must have noticed if she had come in bia way, he remembered that something had been said about her having one of bis cottages, but he had not decided which one. Why, what did it matter to Godfrey ? " It matters this," Godfrey said. "Yon know my house, which you gave me for my own, and let me rent and see to. Perry wrote me a few day» before I we sailed that the tenant had left it suddenly, and I there was no one in it. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to let it to Mrs. Rogers." " Certainly, let it to her if you like," the colonel said, pleased to see in his son what he thought a business proclivity, and a wish to make the most of his property. He little guessed that it was Godfrey's interest in Gertie which prompted his son to wish to see her in his own cottage, the best by far of all the houses known as the Schuyler tenements. It was not new, like many of them, but it was very commodious and pretty, with a wealth of vinea creeping over the porch, a rose tree near the door, from which Edith herself had once plucked the sweet blossoms, and twined them in her hair, for Godfrey's cottage was the very house where Mrs. Fordham once lived, and from which poor Abelard Lyle waa carried to the grave. And Gertie Westbrooke was going there, and Godfrey was already thinking how, as soon as he had reached New York, he would telegraph to Perry to have the house cleaned throughout and put in perfect repair for his new tenants. Meantime Robert Macpherson WAS puzxling .him- self over Gertie's lace and ita resemblance to another. " How can they be so like, and yet nothing to each other ?" he said ; and once, when an opportunity occurred, he questioned the child closely with regard to her antecedents, but elicited little more informa- tion than she had already given Godfrey in his hearing. ' "She was Gertie Westbrooke, horn in London, January-, l8-. She had lived for a while in a big house, with her mother, whom she could not remem- ber, and who died wheffshe was two years old, and then a new mother came, who was very bad and i cross, and Mary Rogers, her nurse, took her away, I and had been so good to her ever since." " And your father ?" Robert asked. ' " Where is he f Do you never see him ?" " He was bad and cross, too, and drank too much wine," Gertie said ¡ " and auntie »ays he's dead, too ; and I guess 1 hain't any relatives now, but a grand- mother, and I don't know where she ia. I beard Auntie tell a woman once that I had a history stranger than a story book, but when I usked her about it abe looked cross, and bade me never listen, and said if there was any thing I ought to know, she would surely tell me. Sometimes when I see such grand people, I think, maybe, I am one of them, for I feel just as they act, and could act just like them, if I tried." "Maybe you are a princess in disguise," Robert said, laying his hand kindly on the bright flowing hair. " Gertie, do you know you are the very image of the only sister I ever had ? Dorothea was the name, but I called her Dora, and loved her so much." " And Bhe died ? " Gertie said, guessing the fact from the tremor in the young man's voice and the moisture in his eyes. " Yes, she died, and I have no picture of her, and that is why I wanted you to sit for me. You are so much like her. Maybe if you tell your aunt the reason she will allow it when we reach America. I am going to Hampstead, too, for a time, to visit Mr. Godfrey. Will you speak to her about it ? " Gertie promised that she would, and kept her word ; and Mrs. Rogers said she would see, which Gertie took as an affirmative reply, and reported to the young man, telling him, too, that auntie had forbidden her to talk much with him ; and telling Godfrey, too, that he must not come where she wal so much, for auntie did not like it and said it waa " no good." I "And I didn't tell her, either, that you kiajed me, for if I bad, she would have been angry, and maybe shut me up in that close, dark state-room berth ; but you are never to do it again." 1 "No, not till you say you think me a perfect gentleman ; then I shall claim my reward," Godfreyl said, laughingly, and as Mary Rogers appeared in' view, with the look of a termagant on her face, hei turned his back on Gertie, and pretended to be very intent upon a sail just appearing in the distant' horizon. 11 