Varieties Josh Biluinqs says : — ' I could never find the meaning of the word 'collide' in Webster. But riding the other day.on the !New York Cen tral Eailway, I saw it all. It is tbe attempt of two tra ins to pass each other on a single track. If I remeaiber coirectly, it was a shocking failure ' ' So you are going to keep house P' asked -an inquisitive maiden of a bride. ' Yes/' said 'she. ' Going to have a giil, I suppose.' ' I really don't know,' was the blushing reply' ' whether it will be a girl or a boy.' Batheh Pebsonaxi. — A well known Yankee criminal lawyer, who prides himself upon his skill in cross-examining a witness, had an odd looking1 genius upon whom to operate. The witness was a shoemaker. ' You say, sir, tliat the prisoner is a thief ? ' ' Yes, sir ; 'cause why, she confessed it.' And yet also swear ehe bound shoes for you su.fcsequen.fc to the confession ?' ' I do sir.' ' Then,' giv ingia sagacious look at the court, 'are we to understand that you employ dishonest people to workjfor you. even after their rascalities are known ?' ' Of course ; how else could 1^ get assistance from a lawyer ?' Give a Ma:? a Chance — A wide-awake minister, who found his congregation going to to sleen one Sunday, before he had fairly com menced, suddenly exelained, ' Brethern, this isn't fair ; it isn't giving a man half a chance. Wait till I get along, and then, if I ain't worth listening to, go to sleep ; but don't before T get commenced; give a. man a chance ' An old minister enforced the necessity of difference 0: opinion by argument : — ' New, if every body had bsea of my opinion, they would all have wanted my old woman.' One of the deacons, who sat jast behind him, responded : ' Yes, and if everybody was of my opinion, nobody would have her' A soldieb on trial for habitual drunkeness was addressed by the magistrate . — ' Prisoner, you have just heard the charge of habitual drunkenness; what have you to say in defence ?' — 'Notbiag, please your honour^ bat habitual thirst.' ' ' Sally, I've a sweetheart — such a nice young man ! He's ia a profession !' ?? Oh, Jemima! don't use such wicked words.' 'It ain't a wicked word at all, Sally — it's a business.' 'Business, Jemima; what busi ness ?' ' Guess, Sally, what it is. It begins 'with H-' ' I know, Jemima — it's a hofficer.' ' No, ifc ain't, though : it's somebbiag much better than an horsifer.' 'Then it's a hoian re merchant — that's ifc, Jemima ! ' ' Oh, you hateful thing — to think of anything so -wulgar ! He's a hoctioneer.' Josh Bilit^gs on Phe aching. — ' I always adv.'sa short sermons, especially on a hot Sunday. If a minister kaufc strike ile ia boreiag 43 minutes, he haz either got a poor gimbiet, or else he iz boreing in the rong place.' A Wicked editor says, afc church some people sometimes clasp their hands so closely ia prayer time, that they are unable to get them open when, the contribution box goes round. A Deep Ijake. — A land speculator in America, iu describing a lake on an estate in. Cumberland County, says, it is so clear, and so deep, that by looking into it you can see them making tea ia China. lixE. Sha\7 SrEWAEr, at the Bath Church. Congress, told tbe story of a Scottish minister who had taken more toddy than iu these days would be considered right, and whom his friends had attempted to frighten by dressing up one of their number as a ghost. The worthy minister, however, instead of being alarmed, put this question to ths spectre, — ' Hech, sirs, aud is this tlie general resurrectiou. or are yo nae but a kind o' a bogle boiie a danderio' aboot?' 