TIIE MYSTERIOUS TRAVELLER. From English Society. I war Rented in a comfortablo compartment in a first-class railway enrriago at Londoti Bridge Railway Station ono 24th December. Tho weather was horribly cold, and tho wind was very high. My thoughts were far away down tho line— forty miles down, to Ncttleton, where I was going to spend my Christmas holidays with my undo Arthur Bluchcr, a few cousins, and Bessio Nolan. Giving a shilling to the guard, I requested him to lock the door, and I was. left to my cigar, my ovcoiog paper, my Bradshaw, and my Bossio. As wo slowly glided out of tho station, I was some what surprised to sco a tall, lank, whitc-fnced gentleman walk up to my carriago.door— which I paid tho guard to lock— open it, step in, ftrid tafeo his soat opposite mo. Ho was a most peculiar- looking individual. IBs face was very . long and ?minfiily white; his oyo was bright and restless lis hands, encased in black kid gloves, bad tbo appearanco of possessing a good deal of bono ; bis legs were awkwardly long; and to add to his eccentricity, his head was quite bald, and shono like a plain whito billiard ball. On ontcring tho enrriago ho bowed to me, ami after carefully gazing round him, smiled— such a smile — and taking out a black covered book, coiled himself up iu a corner and buried hiroFclf in its contents. This strango bciog puzzled mo considerably. What could ho bo? Perhaps a doctor. No — his nppcnranco would terrify any norvons patient A lawyer? Possibly air escaped lunatic, more propably. I determined to speak to him, for though I was not a coward, I did not like tho, man. There was something unearthly about him ; for now and then ho would put down his book, gaze onjho lamp abovo bim, and laugh quietly, thcifflxibg his eyes on mo for a second, would relnpso into.n smile and continuo his reading. "Do you object to smoking?" I asked— I own with nn cfiort. Ho took no notico of me. I repeated tho gucstton ; but injicu of replying he twisted himself into an easier position, and went on with the black bound book. I must havo soon fallen into a dozo, but bow loog I slept I havo littlo idea. Wheu I awoke I folt tho carriage oscillating violently, and to my horror and surprise, my companion had gonol Yes, I was alone in the enrriago. In another moment tho airwas filled with shrieks of agony nod yells of despair, the escape of steam, and tho crushing of wood. My enrriago shook audrgroancd, and then tottered over on its sido down tho em bankment; but, luckily for mo, I was, with the exception of a few bruises, unhurt. Oh, what a sight was before me 1 Tho 555 train from London hadrunintp a goods train, and lay before mo a wreck. Womon, children and men, were buried under tho debris; wbilo somo like mo had escaped without a scratch. We rendered all tho assistance that lay in our power to tho poor creatures ; and it was not until tho 6un hnd risen on Christmas morning that wo got sufficient hands together to olear tho line. Twehty-fivo pCoplo were killed in this awful accident, and over thirty severely injured. The nows of tho disaster had reached Ncttleton somo hours previous to my arrival ; and when I had briofiy narrated tho painful facts of tho ease, I asked leave to go to my room, fooling perfectly unablo to take pnrt in' tho Christmas morry mak ings, I was glad enough to throw myself ou the bod. I was no bolicvor in ghosts ; and yet what was tho moaning of that man's mysterious en trance at London Bridge, and his still more mys- tcrtous disappearance? Was it fancy? Certainly not. Could it havo been a warning of tbo coming danger ? I could not answer mysolf, but continued to ponder and argue. Tho fow days' leisure that I had allowed myself went quickly onough, and my NctUoton visit wos soon a thing of tho past, and I was onco again hard at work in tho Inu. Tho long year possod away, and Christmas camo Again. I was, ns usual, to spend my fow days' holiday at Ncttleton ; mid I found myself oiido . moro.in-n firRt-class rCarriaeo--. by., myself, on tho 24th December ; ' The whistlo was sounded, the engine shrieked/ tho train moved, tho door opened, and ho entered tho carringo, smiled in tho same deathlike manner as ho had smiled twelve months ago, took his scat, produced, the black bonk, and read in siloncc. I do not think 1 was very much surprised at seeing him, for ho had been in my "mind's oyo" all tho year ; but a cold perspiration camo over roe: I felt a sinking at my heart and n burning pain flow to my head. " M an— if man you bo—" I said, fixing my eyes on tho figure, 11 If you havo como to worn mo of any coming danger, speak to mo, 1 mo bravo enough to hoar tho worst." Ho lifted his eyes from his book, yawned, closed tho vblumo, nnd settled himself to sleep. "No," 1 1 cried, " you shall not ovado . my question ; you? must answer mo. What will happon ? Why nro you hero ? ' IIo roused himsolf, nnd looked nt mp with asroiloupon his hard lips; ho then tookToutn small pocket-book and wrote on a pogc, which ho tore off and handed mo, thoso words, " Wo shall moot to-night." I read tho five words over and- over again .bnt could not fathom their meaning. I was painfully certain, in my own mind, that Romo other terrible calamity of somo kind or othor would Iinpjien before long, as that I read tho writing on tho pioco of paper I hold in my' hnnd. I kept my oyes fixed on him for somo tiruo ; but nature ot longth ruled, and I fell asleep — not into a sound slumber, but into a troubled fretful series of dozes of nn tinrcfresbing feverish character. ' I was aroused by tho train slackening speed j and on looking out of th'o window, found wo had arrived at Ncttleton junction, and I was only thooccupnnt ofthocarriago. Hastily gathering my traps together, I got out of the haunted carriage, and enquired of a porter ifmy undo had sunt over any conveyance for mo. os, there was a dog-cart. Before leaving the station I asked tho station-mastor if bo was sure that the train from which I had alighted was tho express from town. "Yes, sir," was his answer, " through from London Bridge," What . an awful ride I had on that dark Christmas-ovo 1 At ovcry turn of tho road I. thought wa'should bo ovorturncd; whenever tbo horstf improved his paco, I made up my mind that ho had bolted ; but id spite of my fears, wo arrived safe at Ncttleton IIoue, and received a hearty welcome, as oftyore. -Altogroea that I was far from woll; tho boy/ said my auut, "you look as pslons though you'd seeu a ghost." I stnmmcled out sotnothing about tho closoncss of London,.- and went upstairs to dross for dinner. . 'How I got through the meal, I have very littlo idea. Bessie must havo thought mo very stupid ; for I made fow remarks, and answered her ques tions in monosyllables. There was to bo a dance, ns usual, in tbo ovoniog, and I was Engaged, of course, to Bessio for tho oponing quadrillo; but I mado so many foolish blunders, and, 09 my 'sweet heart told mo looked so very uuwell, that I had to leave off. " Como into this room, dear," Bessio said ; " it is far cooler there, nnd more quiet." Wo cutcred. I started back with a look of horror on my faco ; for there, by tho roautlosholf, stood my mysterious railway companion with a glass of sherry in his hand. " Bessie," I Raid earnestly, " como away, come away, for heaven's sako l" " Why, whatovcr is tho matter, Charley ? You look so terribly frightened," she said. But I heeded her cot; for I could not think of anything hut tho phantom before inc. Ho ap proached, with that cursed stnilo upon his face, and held out his hand. Bessie looked up laughingly at his faco, and said, "Charlie, won't you shako hands with Doctor iiiutoD t'1 " Who — who is ho?" " Why, Doctor Liotou, tho deaf nod dumb gentleman." For a.momcnt my brain whirled round, and I can remember but indistinctly what immediately followed. 1 saw Bessio making signs with her fingers,' aud the Doctor replying to her jq tho I same manner. This was what I learned io calmer moments. Tho Doctor was deaf and dumb, nud a soason ticket holder on tbo lino; and as bo could not always make tho porters understand him, ho wos allowed a private key. He lived at a littlo vlllago some fivo miles from tho London side of Ncttleton, and tho managers of tho lino stopped tho 555 for him out of courtesy. So my ghost vanished with the explanation. I. shook him warmly by tbo hand, and with tho assistance of my Bossio, Informed him .of my doubts and fears, nt which ho laughed heartily. My spirits soon returned, and by tho tirao tho last danco iyas announced, no one was happier than myself. Bessio and I were married tho following Christmas, and conspicuous among our guests was my " First-lass Ghost." A BtmmNQ Mountain.— We (Tamworth Ex> amuier) havo been informed by a party residing at Springs, on tho Attunga Road, about fourtoon miles from town, that a most unoxpoctod pheno menon occurred lost week in that neighbourhood. It appears that the rango of mountains in that -direction worked themselves Into a combustiblo 'condition, and exploded with a violenco that Btartlcd tho settlers for miles around. Tho first report was not unliko tho dischnrgo of a hoavy ordnance, aftor which was omitted stnoko and debris, which was scattered for a considerable distanco in all directions. The smoko was so denso that it completely obscured every object— mountains, trees, and houses— and lasted for a considerable tiroo. Tho mountains iu this neigh, bourhood nro largoly composed. of limestono, nud it is thought by 6omo persons that it Is to this wo may attribute tbo explosion) . Case of Asiatic Cholera— Both Dr. Eicbler and Dr. Wright are of opinion tlmt tbocharactcris- tics of tho illness of Mr. James Jessott, lato land- lord of tho Naval Brigndo Ilotol, Essex-street and Gcornc-stroot North, referred to in a paragraph in the Herald , wcro thoso which are noticed in at tacks of what is known ns Asiatic cholera. JcfscU, being of a delicate constitution, was but ill-fitted to withstand tho violouco of tho seizure. Ho was quite woll until about 10 o'clock on Thursday night, and was dond about 4 o'clock on Friday morning. Dr. Eichior is of opinion that tbo attack was brought on by eating heartily on tbo Thurs day ovooing of cucumber salad with beer. Fon tiie Ladies.— Savo tho tea loaves for a fow days, then steep in a tin pail or pan for half tin hour ; strain through a siovo and uso tbo tea to wash all varnished paint. It requires very littlo 1 elbow polish, as tho tea acts as a dotcrgent, elennsing tho paint of its impurities, nnd making tho varnish equal to now. It cloars window-snshes and oibcloths, indeed any varnished surfaco is ira- proved by application. It washes window panes and mirrors much bettor than water, and is ex- collent for clcaosing blaok-walnut picture and looking-glass frames. It will not do to wash uu- varnished paint with it. Whiting is unequalled for cleaning whito paint Take a small quantity on a damp flannel, rub lightly ovor tho surfaco, and you will he surprised at its effect. JCiss me.— A vory funny incldont occured a fow days since at a certain store in a western city, It is too good to bo lost Ono of our composers has written a pretty song entitled " Kiss Mo." A vory pretty, blushing maid, having beard of tho song, and thinking sho would get it, stopped into tho music store to mako a purchase. . Ono of tho clerks, a modest young man stopped up to wait on her. Tho yonng lady throw back her veil, sayiog " I want Rock Mo to Sleep.' " Tho clerk got her tho song and put it before her. " Now," said tho young lady, " I want tho " Wandering Refugee." " Yes ma'am," said tho clerk, bowing, and in a fow minutes ho. produced tho Refugee. "Now, ' Kiss mo/ " said tbo young lady, of courso mean ing the song above-mentioned. Tho poor clerk's eyes popped fire almost as ho looked at tho young lady in utter astonishment, for bo was not awaro of tho fact that a song of that name had bcou pub- "5 Wh-f-whnt-did-you shy, Miss ? Kiss me, said she. "I can't do It; I novor kissed a young lady in my life," said tho clerk. And about that timo a veil dropped, a young lady left in a hurry, tho clork felt sick, and tho doalcr lost tho sale of somo music. Gentlemanly Proceedings.— A rather pretty opisodo (says tho Cattlemaino. Representative) occurred during tho sittings of tho Court of Potty Sessions on Friday morning. It was when tho caso of Schofiold v. Spccdio bad boon barely gono into, and before ovidonco for. tho dofonce was heard, thnt the Bench, through tho Mayor, abruptly announced « Verdict for tho plaintiff for a pound/ Mr. Mernfioid for tho defendant, indignantly ob jected to this exparto method of administering justice, and domanded tlmt bis client should bo heard. Tho Bench complied, but after hearing Mr. Spocuio adhered to tho dociaion already an nounced, Mr. Burnett, J. P., observing with somo asperity, 'It comes to tho same thing aftor nil. You were taking it so quietly .with Mr. Paynter that we thought you wore agreeable. It is a pity that instead of wasting tho time, you do not attend to matters before Court. Our time is valuable.' Mr. Mcrrifiold : ' I wish your timo were more valuablo— I wish it were fifty times as valuabio, nnd then perhaps you'd get through tho cases quickor, instead of wasting tho timo of the court whispering and talking/ Mr. Burnett ; 'Who do you alludo to, Mr. Mcrrifield P Mr. Merrifiold : ' To you, or apy ono c)so on tbo Boncb who wastes time. When you talk about my wasting tho timo of tho Court—/ Mr. Burnett : 'Woll I will repeat it, and say so still/ Mcrri fiold : ' Nover mind, there aro thoso horo who won't bolicvo you/ Mr. Burnett thereupon got up from his scat aud quitted tbo Bonch, Mr. Mcrri fiold remarking that it was a good riddanco. Treatment of Sonsthokb.— During tho present smtry weather thcro might possibly bo instarfccs In which the proper treatment of tho above malady might prove advantageous. Tho Mel!»ouriio Argut says With tho intonso heat of tho weather cases of sunstroke will bo frequent, and the best-method of treating such cases, when modical adviee and assistauco aro not immediately at hand, is given In the second number of the "Medical Notes apd Queries, a new medical work very favourably spoken of. Whenever aporson is seized with severe pains m tho head, aftor oxitosuro to tho sun, and , exhibit signs of an aberration of intellect, ho may safely bo supposod to bo labouring under tliia dis- easo. In that caso, tho person should, if out of doore, bo removed to tho nearest nbady spot, and dealt with there. "Let tho nock bo uncovered, the head bo gently raised, and thon trust entirely to dashing cofo water upon the head and chest. Above all things, no bleeding." If in tho bouse, but not within reach of medical advice or assistance, the treatment should bo tbo same. " To bleed a person,? says the writer from whom we havo quoted above, "struck down by sunstroke, in all probability is to kill him. ' Persovere with tho cold water until consciousness is quite restored. Do not be dis heartened. Use tho water frcoly, especially ovor tho chest, loUing it fall in a full stream from a foot or two in height. If death is tho result, in spito of everything, you havo tho consolation of knowing that tuo best lias been dono. But do not readily despair, for we have seen recovery take placo after tho growing insensibility bad apparently settled down into tho last repose of death. Bo not misled by the symptoms, which may Seem to ho those of apoplexy, and on no account permit a drop of blood to bo drawn." IVbcro tho symptoms ore not absoluto prostration, but severo pains in tho head, and aberration of intellect, tho patient should bo closely watched, lest ho mako nn attempt upon his own life. In all cases, moreover, modical advico and assistance should bo secured nt tho earliest possible moment, even supposing tho pationt to show signs of improvement, for tbeso cihcs are al ways critical, and require tho utmost of care. Just the Difference.— Tho following ad- ycrtiscmcnt appeared rccoutly iu u New York journal — It must havo been written by a philo. sopher or a first-class joker : " If tho party who took a fancy to my overcoat was influenced by tho inclomcncy of tho woathor, all right: but If by commercial considerations I am ready to ucgiotalo for its return." Hoi.lowav's Ointment and Pills.— Tho finest remodios in tbo world for bad logs, old wounds, sores, nnd ulcors. If used according to directions given with them thoro is no wound, bad leg, or ulcorntts Roro, howovor obstinato or long standing, but will yield to their healing and curativo properties. Numbers of persons who havo been patients in several of tho largo hospitals under tho care of eminent surgeons, without deriving tho slightest benefit, havo boon thoroughly cured by Holloway's Ointment nnd Pills. For grandular swellings, tumours, scurvy, and diseases of tho akin there is no medicine that can bo uqpd with so salutary an effect In fact, in tho woratfonns of discaso, depen dent upon the condition of tho blood, thoso medicines, used conjointly, aro irresistible.— Advt. Takino a Seidlttz Powder.— A woman's first remedy for a slight hoadacbo in tho morning isn scidiitz powdor. It suggests itsolf to hor miud as invariably as a man thinks of soda-water Besides this, thoro is a pleasant oxcitomcnt about taking ono that captivates her fancy, and Is as much of au inducement as tho desired euro. Taking a paper of each kind, sho lays tbo edge of a knifo atfross ono of thorn to dlvido It equally, and pushes a part to ono sido. Than sho takdk a littlo more from tho right sido and adds to tho left, to get a more perfect division, part of which sho scrapes back again to tho right. Aftor a few more oscillations of tho knifo, sbo feels satisfied of get- ting just half, and repeats tho oporatiou on tho other powder. Then putting tho halves in two tumblers, sho concludes to tnko tho full doso, and omptics tho rest from tho papers and adds n littlo- water to each goblet. Sho stirs ono gloss till tho whitooess of tho powder disappoars In tho liquid and " repeats history " with tuo othor, by which timo tbo powder in tho first glass has settled to tho bottom, when sltp takes a spoon in each hand nnd goes for both nt onco. Now tbo oxcitomcnt comes on npacc, and sho makes preparation for celerity of movement. Pouring ono mixture into tho othor, sho gives two or thrco fiorco stirs with a spoon till tho 'fluid bubbles over tbo brim, when she starts tbo goblet for hor mouth, which is in readiness, holdiog her breath in tho meanwhile. Slopping over a third of it on tho way, hernoso first gets tho beoefit, and tho littlo that enters by the proper orifico strangles her so that she is obliged to withdraw for coughing. By this timo tho cffervcsconco has ontirely ceased, and she drains tho " stale, flat, and unprofitable " dregs with a disgusted countenance, ana says "she don't bollove it will do ber any good." If anything could discncbaDt ono with tho eqx, it is 4bo grimace of n fair ono aftor taking such a potion ; but tho smile on hor lip aud tho tear in hor oyo always restores woman's enchantment and man's thraldom.— Ttfusviue Herald. A Matrimonial Character— Counsel (to witness) : " Now, Bir, what is tho charaotor of tuo plaintiff in this suit ?"— Witness t " Her character is slightly matrimonial."— Counsel : " What do you mean by a slightly matrimonial character?"— Witness : " She's been married sovco times." At Cargo, recently, a man named Michael Flan- again, aftor galloping a horse got off, procured a stiok, and while ho had a foot in the Btirrup to re mount struck, the borso. The animal kicked up, and throw Flanagan ovor its back, on his head. His skntl being fractured, death onsiiod. Flanagan was of intemperate habits, and twenty minutes pre viously to tho accident had been refused drink by a publican. 