GEELONG EAST. MB G. T. BELCHEBS CANDIDATURB. A meeting of gentlemen who signed the requisition to Mr Belcher was held at the Victoria Hotel yesterday afternoon, when there were present—Messrs C. Andrews. James Scott, W. Pardey, Steedman,' Goombe, Couvcs, Meakm, John C'arr B iU.' Laogborne, Asche, Sommers, Traill" Jones, A. Levy, and T. A. Sidders. Mr Andrews, who was voted to the chair stated they were aware when first the re quisition asking Mr Belcher to come for ward for Geelong Bast was presented thev were not so fully aware of his political views as perhaps they were at present oeveral of his friends had therefore thought it advisable to ask him to put his opinions in writing, when they could advise him ou them, 'ibis he bad done, and he would read the document to them. It would then be competent for any gentleman, if those views did not coincide with his to withdraw his name from the requisition. He then read his reply to the requisition, as follows:— • T°«'(f,enUemenrrm>Qing the Requisition. Gentlemen,—■Understanding; tram tho deputation which waited upon me at the town Hall on Saturday last that it is your wish I should submit, in writing, opinion on the subjects then discussed, with the view to your considering whether mv political sentiments are in accord with yoar own, i wUlingly comply with so reasonable a request, and because this course will serve to remove cause for misunderstanding in the future. It is my own wish to be dis tinctly understood in this respect befors you commit yourselves to a piedge of sup port in my candidature at the comin„ clel tion, should you still wish me to eome E<LWtaGeoTong.° °£ ^ " With respect to the future fiscal polio, of the country, I unreservedly announce myself Freetrudo in princiDle T Hit that so-called •• ProtccLn." t'so fart6 it has had a trial has failed to realise tb, (ar t)T^°DA °f i,U 8uiJP°rte". and, but t iii fT resources of the countrv fett teCtS T°Uld ha78 been more seriously that °0l0Dy has Progressed, but H w mn^i ln BpltB of ttdvijrse influences. How much greater would have been It, dB7? °pmenfc d our ports been made frea to the commerce of the world ? Protection to ho just should be universal in its apnlica tion, and if all interests were protected alike, the result would be obvious ! "Pro •:m«°n ' 8ta,id a great English statesman, means robbing somebody 1' e i'!i! aat of Taion that tkis question (although, considered by the maoa DB settled) will force itself upon the cSers! V ent atno diataut day for with the fact before us, that the traders in ourhtefh ony are actually underselling our Melbourne merchants at the border we will be compelled to assimilate onr tariff nki reBtrtiJct1jv6 °uo of New South Wales, and should I be returned yonr re presentative, any movement in this direc tion would have my cordial support. .Pp0f -Hous0 is certainly open to reform. A variety of ways might be sue gested whereby it could be brought to wofk more in unison with the Assembly • but I look upon the Council as a safety valve to secure the country against hasty legislation, and as necessary for the good working of the Constitution under which we are go verned. 6 I am in favor of a well organised system of immigration, whereby a suitable class of labor would be brought to our shores, believing that without a healthy and continuous influr thereof no new coun try can make material progress. £ am opposed to the existing Edncation Act, whereby religious instruction is vir tual y banished from our State schools, and would wish a modification in this respect based upon a denominational system. I _ ' £ disagree with the provisions of the | Permissive Bill, as introduced by Mr Casey during the past session, as I consider the power of coercion there contained should ' not bo given to a majority. i - No community cbd, in my opinion, be made what teetotallers would have it be by Act -of Parliament. The great evil of drunkenness is no doubt too prevalent in our midst, but it must be restrained by other | means. Thepaesingof thebill intolawwould materially interfere with the rights of pro i S!^yVan,d serve t0 do incalculable mischief. btdl, I admit our present licensing system I requires considerable amendment, and I j would advocate such alterations in the pre sent law as would ensure the issue of licenses to men of known good character, and, thereby clear off a number of grog shanties which at the present time disvraca many towns in the colony. ° i "?aym0n.t °° members (under certain conditions) is a necessary evil: its abolition | might possibly prevent many able men j from coming forward as representatives, | but a plan might be adopted providing a certain daily allowance to members should be paid whilst Parliament was in session, 1 lor every days actual attendance, and a fine inflicted of double the amount for every day s absence, without leave or valid excuse. Such a plan, I believe, works well at ths present time in New Zealand. " There are other BubjectB of minor im portance to which I need not now refer, bat I will do so at the proper time, if necessary. ' "I have endeavored with 'no uncertain sound to place you in possession of mr .convictions on some important matters of I P? interest, and am well aware the tooa I of1 my address will array against me two powerful interests, the Protectionists and Teetotallers, which united might return or reject any candidate j v but, gentlemen, I would not obtain the honor you would con fer upon me by entering Parliament under false colors, or secure votes by a trimming policy. Bather'would-I hold to my own convictions, and'take (under the circum stances) an honorable position at the bottom of the poll. J leave the matter in your hands, \- ?l' Hf-er weighing the pros and com, you think I should contest the election, mT services are at your disposal. I Iwould take no part in canvassing the ^ constituency, nor solicit a single vote from | any elector. . "Iam, , " Gentlemen, " Tour obedient servant, ■ "G. F. Belcheb." Gbamber of Commerce, Gee long, 80th January, 1874. Mr John Carr remarked tfiat, haying heard the ideas enunciated by Air Belcher, he endorsed every word. He had known Mr Belcher for 20 years, and believed every 'word in that address was truthful and cor rect. He might differ with Mr Belcher in some of his views, but he was sure that gentleman would not sacrifice his opinion to please anyone. They all knew Mr Belcher: his interests were identified with those of the town ; he was a man of pro bity and integrity, and a good citizen; and they therefore knew, if they sent him to represent them in the Assembly, he wnuld do all in his power to promote the interest' of Geelong. He always had done so, and ever wonld ; and no man they could eeai was more worthy of their esteem or more capable to carry out measures for then advancement. Mr Pardey having announced himself ai : a rank freetrader, remarked it was for that meeting to consider what chance a free trader would stand of being elected in Ens' Geelong. For himself, he would be glad to see Mr Belcher elected, as he would act independently, and not try to secure bille" for the bulk of his sons, as some of "tit representatives had done, but he was satis fied that a freetrader in a protection!* town like Geelong would not stand tbe ghost of a chance of being returned, he therefore advised Mr Belcber should bid* bis time until these protectionists had bs enough of it; he knew of some already who had had enoogh. (.Mr Meakin—Question-! He repeated, protection was fast losing a' sway, and again he advised they should no bring Mr Belcher forward, but elect some* body less conscientious, who wonld promised everything to everybody. . Air Aleakin replied, that if be held the same opinions as Air Pardey, if he were i freetrader, he would say to Air Belches come forward, and would do all he could V get him returned, and not be frightened i what anybody might say or do. -But a9Jf was a protectionist, and saw that » Belcher would not stand a chance, & would say to him, "Do not come for ward at present." He was one cunvassed lor signatures to the sition, but at that time he was not aware that Mr Belcher was a freetraddj »nd did not know it until tb« d»y i*'** tbe requisition was presented, when he was surprised to hear the Mayor state he was a freetrader. As he agreed with Mr Belcher in other things he had remarked that he looked upon the fiscal policy of the country as settled for some time to come, except as regarded the intercolonial question. In bis opinion, protection had been the salvation of the colony, and he considered it must be . continued for some time to come to nur ture our industries. He believed, if free trade were adopted, it would be one of the greatest calamities that could befall the country. He had been baited about bis wish to support Mr Belcher, a freetrader, and bad asked him if he was prepared to allow protection to remain the law of the land, hut he had replied that on tbe very first opportunity, if tbe question of freetrade \- or protection arose, be would support free trade, this being the case he would advise ' Mr Belcher not to come forward, as he knew the feeling of the town was such that he did not think he would haTe the slightest chance of success. As a man and a gentleman there was nobody in the town he had a greater respect for, and he would I surely be returned bat for his freetrade ideas, and it was on that point aloue he ' would advise bim not to stand. Mr Jones remarked from what he bad heard outside it would he a great injustice ] on the part of the requisitionists if they did anything at all at that meeting to induce Mr Belcher to stand. He agreed with some of Mr Belcher's opinions and differed with others; as a man and as a gentleman he would like to see him returned, and at | some future time if he was asked to J come forward he would probably be re turned, but as it stood then if he I came forward he would receive such a sickener that nothing would induce him ■ ever to stand again. As one who signed the requisition, he should vote for Mr Bel cher. He thonght it the dnty of all who had signed to do so. If they had gone i blindfaced to work in asking Mr Belcher tocome forward before they were acquainted with his political opinions it was their fault, but he maintained, having given their pro mise, they must keep it; but it really would be an act of madness to induce him to | stand at the present time, as he would be placed as—he preferred to be rather than sacrifice his honor—at the bottom of the list. In conclusion, he remarked there was not j a man in the country he would sooner see in Parliament than Mr Belcher. Mr E. M. Langhorne said although he did not agree in the policy of freetrade, he I was fully convinced that Mr Belcher, though a freetrader, would be a better representative than either of those now representing us. Mr Belcher was so deeply interested in our local manufactures that it would be absnrd to think he would advocate that which would so much injure i his own interests, which he would do if) he advocated a system of indiscriminate freetrade; he would soon see this to be against his own interests. (Mr Meakin— And that of others, too ) With respect to j his views on the Permissive Bill, he could not go with Mr Belcher there, as he ! thonght a Permissive Bill absolutely neces sary, but perhaps Mr Belcher could pro pose a better method to put down intoxi cating liquors. (Mr Levy—Put them down his throat. Laughter.) Mr Belcher's Tiews[on education would receive his sup port, and that of the body he represented, j he meant the Catholics, who were strongly opposed to the system of secular education, I and he was sure on the day of election Mr i Belcher would receive the Catholic vote, and that would give him a lift. Mr Meakin would like to ask Mr Lang horne if he was in a position to guarantee the Catholic vote ? Mr Langhorne replied he was not yet, hut he felt confident no mau yet in the field had that interest, nor was it likely one would come forward to take it away from Mr Belcher. The Chairman said he hoped those present would express their opioions fully and unreservedly, and was soriy Mr Belcbec was obliged to be at other meet ings, as it would be a delicate task to have to give him the opinion of the meeting if I they did not all speak out. He knew by a ' conversation he had had with Mr Belcher | on the previons day, that to a great extent he would be guided by tbe expression of I opinion at that meeting, and it would there fore be undesirable for them to express an opinion they did not feel tolerably certain they could carry out, after the; straight forward and honorable manner Mr I Belcher had spoken out, they should give htm the most straightforward and honorable advice. In some opinions he differed with Mr Belcher, but then one conld not get everything one wanted, and he had often been obliged to support can didates and swallow some things he did not I believe in. He considered Mr . Belcher's views on freetrade were ultra, that he had gone further than there was any necessity for him to go, as the question of freetrade and protection had been settled for some ! time to come, except the question of inter colonial freetrade, which would easily be arranged. In the last paragraph of bis address Mr Belcher intimated he did not intend to take any active part in the elec- ! tion—that was to say, he did not intend to solicit a vote or take any of those steps I candidates generally deemed necessary to secure their return. He intended solely to depend on those who brought him forward, and if they believed he had no prospect of 1 success it was for them to say so. | Mr J. Carr thought the position Mr ' Belcher had taken was the right one, and 1 if the gentlemen who signed the requisi tion did their duty they would support j him. 1 Mr Hoare said, after the straightforward manly way in which Mr Belcher had ex pressed his opinions, it would be a breach of faith on tbe part of the requisitionists if I they induced him to come forward, know ing he had not the slightest chance of beiDg I elected. From the very first Mr Belcher had assured them he was not desirous of standing, and it was only at their argent solicitations he had been induced to come [ forward. He said to tbem—" I rely upon you," and it was for them not to place him I in a false position, which it appeared some wanted to do. It appeared to him impos sible that the question of freetrade could ! be avoided during the next Parliament. I The freetraders were now organising them aelveB, and intended to make a fight for it, and he asked them to watch and not be led away into voting for a freetrader. Mr Couves said if the last speaker had been there from the first he would have ] flgen there was no disposition oa the part of the meeting to lead Mr Belcher astray, as | almost everyone who had spoken had said I it was not .a wise policy to bring him for- < ward at the present time. Having signed j the requisition to Mr Belcher, he deemed [ that it would only be just if he were to vote for him, and he should do so if he | came forward, but he thought the feeling of that meeting was that Mr Belcher I should be advised to retire, and he for one i should advise him to do so. Mr Belcher | had spoken out fairly and straightfor wardly, but he (the speaker) had con versed with a number of the electors, i and these, although they esteemed him as a man would not vote for him as a free trader. Probably the time might come I when Geelong would turn round from I protection to freetrade, but this would not I be in their time. When thev looked round ' at the manufactures which had been esta blished by protection, it was quite sufficient I to show that that was the grandest doctrine I ever brought forward in this colony. Mr Ascbe, who laughingly said he was not a voter, as he had pmitted to pay his rates in time, remarked that he hoped Mr Belcher would be returned as he was a man of influence and position, and Dot one who I was to be bandied about by any one ; be Was not a man to be bought, and as for the question of freetrade or protection, he | thought that settled, and although he hgd ] no vote he would do his utmost to get Mr Belcher returned. Mr Sommers said that several gentlemen of influence who could not attend that meeting had expressed a hope that Mr Belcher would be induced to come forward, and had promised to do everything in their ( power to get him returned. Mr Sidders made some similar remarks, and ' Mr Conves was very sorry those gentle- I pen eoald not see their way clear to attend J that meeting, as on it lay the onus of bringing out Mr Belcher, or of advising him "to retire, he did not seethe slightest chance of his being returned, and he should be very sorry to see him placed in the humiliating position of a defeated candidate. Mr Meakin remarked there appeared to be but one opinion as to Mr Belcher's fit ness, but on the one question of freetrade and protection he did not think Mr Belcher would be returned, and as a friend he W nil say to him, " Do not stand." Mr Pardey moved—" That it is the opinion of this meeting Mr Belcher should be advised not to stand." Seconded by Mr Jones, Mr Pardey remarking " he was too honest for them." Mr Asche said that was the reason why he should come forward. Mr Carr moved as an amendment, " That Mr Belcher be advised to. hold a public meeting of the electors and gain an expres sion of opinion from them." Mr Meakin could assure them Mr Bel cher had no wi«h to stand, and would he perfectly satisfied to take the advice of his committee. He (Mr Meakin) had fully teste 1 thefeeliDgof the electors, and it was against him coming forward. Mr Sander seconded the amendment. ■ Mr Pardey said if Mr J 'elcher could be induced to hold such a meeting he would withdraw his motion, but he did not wish to see him made a fool of and the laughing stock of the country. The Cbairmau said he preferred the re solution and amendment should stand as they were, and on putting them to the meeting, there were 8 for the amendment, and 7 for the resolution. Mr Couves called attention to the fact that votes at public meetings were not to be depended upon, and instanced the last election for Geelong Bast, when there were so many candidates, and when every can didate got a vote of confidence at every meeting. ... ;• . Mr Asche thought it an extraordinary thing that Messrs Pardey, Couves, and Meakin should have asked Mr Belcher to come forward before they knew his views. Mr Meakin replied that Mr Belcher was not forward yet ,* he bad placed the matter in the hands of his committee. The pro ceedings then terminated. 