CREMATION. [COMMUNICATED I Certain professing Christians and others have, in Europe, and also at this side of the world, lately made an attempt to revive the heathen practice of burning the bodies of the dead. As the part of journalists is to be iu the vanguard of real progress, and to be a bulwark against hurtful changes, we propose, briefly, to consider this subject. Some may think the matter not worth while discussing, as there is so little apparent probability of the change obtaining. True, to a certain extent, very slight indeed is the chance of the few scientists without religion who are at the head of this movement forcing their innovation upon any Christian nation; but still it may be well to prepare for even distant danger. To dress the corpse decently in burial clothes and deposit it reverently in the ground, there to await the ' resurrection of the body,' has always been the practice of Christians. The Jews used the same custom. Afc least we now have one good precedent. The Saviour was so buried, and so the custom is sanctified to us. How do we know that by overcoming j our natural distaste, and adopting this process of incineration, we might not be blindly overriding an instinct which has had its origin in more than mere animal feeling and affection 1 Natural law is founded on Divine law. The decay of the body by corruption into its constituent elements is the natural law in this case. There is something exceed ingly revolting in the idea of dis posing of our dead by fire, revolting both to religious feeling and natural instinct. And this repulsion is not an unaccount able prejudice in a Christian, but is founded on the reverence which we feel called upon to pay towards thai flesh which by baptism has been called to a kinship with the Sacred Humanity of the Redeemer. Cremation has never been practised by any Christian nation. On the other hand, many idolatrous peoples have used the custom, and even now somt Pagan tribes in India and elsewhere burn their dead. At least the burden of prod lies with those who would make th- change. No reasons approaching sufli ciency have yet been adduced, and, as we believe, never can be. Danger to tin public health from the present mode o burial is the principal argument brought forward in favour of cremation. There is not, and never has been, a country so tbickly populated as not to leave plenty of room to lay to rest in their natural forms the bodies of those who have gone before. Even great cities like Lonl don, Paris, and Vienna, if they cannot bury their dead close at hand, still may easily maintain cemeteries of the present kind at a distance in the country. Those of the mourners who could not afford the time or money to accompany the remains of their relatives or friends to a distant grave, could deliver the corpse to a clergy, man, or to a public official even, if need were, at the railway station. Better this at least, than to watch the chimney of a public bakehouse of the dead belching forth in smoke and vapour the volatill particles of a dead friend's body — minoled with the fumes from others, the batchVor the day. Bufc there is no necessity for these far distant burial grounds. The monster cities may easily, if public health demands it, select a suitable place, and bury their dead, as did the early Chris tians, in the catacombs. Many could thus be interred in a small space of ground and danger to public health avoided. * Greater decency, refinement, and econo my, too, are reasons urged in support of cremation. Decency ! Should we not shrink from cutting off the legs, arms, and. head of a corpse, in order to stow it away in a smaller coffin, more easily and economically? Why then should we splinter the bones of a departed brother into ten thousand fragments by fire to pack in an urn, and grill the flesh out of sight as we might a dead horse or bullock ? Refinement ! What a poor vanity to try to save from temporary corruption that which is ' sown in corruption ' to ' rise in incorruption.' And this corruption, being out of sight, does not at least offend our senses, as would the violence done to the corpse by cremation. Otherwise than in large cities there could not be even suggested the first and most important of these reasons, i.e., the necessity for cremation with regard to the public health. As for economy, the very heathens themselves do not grudge ex pense in burying their dead in what they consider a proper manner. We read in the newspapers lately that the Chinese in California send back to China the bodies of their deceased countrymen at a cost of more than a year's savings for each one so sent. Shall we, therefore, violate Christian tradition for greed of the sum to be saved between the cost of burial and the cost of cremation ? — we, who know that the body ot a Christian has been a ' temple of the Holy Ghost ' ? It is a more poetic way, say the advocates of cremation. It might as well be said that we should ship off, as a 'more poetic way,' the remains of those who have gone before us to be buried in mid ocean, where no rough clods of clay' should press upon their forms, and where the murmuring billows should be a per petual dirge. And so on : many plans might be devised as ' more poetical.' Out upon such sickly sentimentality. The essence, aim, and chief end of Poetry is Truth, and in the great Text Book of Truth we read that the body of our first parent was made from the slime of the earth; why then should we hesitate to return to the earth, unchanged by any fanciful art, that which was made from it i Finally, we have the sanction of a consecrated usage and the approval of both our natural and religious instincts in sup port of the present Christian burial. The very idea of cremation of the dead is sug gestive of heathenism, and infidelity. First an anti-Christian practice concerning the inanimate body, which still was made in the likeness of God, and then the pre cepts of infidelity and paganism for the living. ? — | The Catholic Bishop op Sandhurst. : — An iutcresting reminiscence of the earlier j career of the Rev. Canou M'Guire, who has been ? ijjpointed Catholic Bishop of Sam; hurst, has j huen '.':ven to no. As ourrraders are aware, Vr. j Fortune, President of All Hallows College, Dub- | in, waa originally appointed io the new see, but , failiog health compelled him to decline, ine j Rev. Canon M'Guire acted si3?chaplain to some j f l;lic forces in the Crimea, and it was there j ohab fcbe incident referred to occurred. He was , .-tandine upon the deck of one of the transports j he:i lying in Balaclava Lay, when a sailor tell -»erboard. The Rev. gentleman immediately -prana into the water, and pneceedod in saviug ??ho man, who briug an indifferent swimmer, .va* ai the point of drowning. — Wa9'ja W-MW j Evpre?*. ' 