TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. A NEW NOVEL. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET," "HENRY DUNBAR," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author, MISS BRADDON.] CHAPTER XXXIV— "SO FAIR A FORM LODGED NOT A MIND SO ILL." Sylvia had been married six months. February, the weariest month in a cold, cheerless winter, was dragging slowly to its dismal end. Bitter gusts of north east winds shook the casements of Perriam Place. The leafless trees in the long avenue tossed their ragged branches as in the writhing of despair, as if they ejacu- lated hopelessly, "When is warmer weather coming ? When are we going to bud ?" Only the cedar stood up grimly stern, and defied the north-easter. Very dreary had been that long winter to Lady Perriam. After the half-dozen dinner parties given in her honor at the Manor Houses, Granges, and Towers within fifteen miles of Perriam Place, there had been no further gaiety of any kind. Even her solitary airings in the yellow chariot had been curtailed by the inclemency of the Weather ; there had been nothing for her to do but walk about the spacious old house, with its vast, empty, useless rooms, and speculate what it might have been under a different master. "If fortune had given Edmund and me such a house, with Sir Aubrey's wealth, how delightful we would have made it. We could have filled these dismal corridors with pleasant people, and made that vault-like dining-room brilliant with light and fire, and bright eyes and jewels, and splendid dresses. Every day would have brought some new pleasure." This was the drift of Sylvia's fancies very often as she paced the long music room — which knew, not the sound of music — on wet afternoons when there was not one gleam of brightness in the leaden sky, hardly a glimmer of hope in her own life. She had thought to taste all the plea- sures of the world as Sir Aubrey's wife. With the baronet newly subjugated, and at her feet, it had seemed such an easy thing to rule him. She had hoped for a slave, and she had found a master ; a stricter master than her father, for be- neath his sway she had been able to do pretty much as she pleased, so long as she administered to all Ms wants and gave him a well- cooked dinner. With Sir Aubrey for her master, she had her own way in hardly anything. He was not unkind to her, and that made her bondage seem all the worse. She had no ground for complaint. Against that smooth tyranny, rebellion was almost impossible. He forbade this, he advised that, but he was always suavity itself. He narrowed her life into so small a circle that a squirrel in a cage might have known as much of liberty. Friends or acquaintance she had none ; for the county people who had been willing to take her by the hand had all fallen away, receiving no encouragement to be civil. That severe winter tried Sir Aubrey's somewhat feeble constitution. He had a good deal of illness, and the stately gentleman who had seemed such a model of old- fashioned gallantry that warm summer afternoon in Mr. Hopling's or chard, was restless, fretful, and peevish when afflicted with influenza, or a mild attack of bronchitis. At these times Sir Aubrey preferred the ministrations of Jean Chaplain to those of his young wife, yet expected that Sylvia should spend a good deal of her time in the sick room, and liked her to read the political articles and foreign correspondence in the Times for his edification. She performed all her duties with a tolerable grace, but weariness was in her heart nevertheless. But if Sir Aubrey's society was at times a burden almost too heavy for impatient youth to bear, Mordred Perriam's dul- ness was still harder to be endured. He was a more fatiguing companion than his brother, inasmuch as he talked a great deal more. He was fond of talking, and the chief deprivation of his life hitherto had been the lack of listeners. He found Sylvia courteously attentive to his dis- course. She did not wish to be rude to her husband's brother ; and he at once seized upon her as the long-desired listener. He had just sense enough to perceive her intelligence, and he told himself that his dryasdust discourse would expand and improve her mind. "You are not like ordinary young women; my dear," he said, when Sylvia confessed her desire to learn Latin, and to know something of the classic writers, "You can take an interest in great sub- jects." Day after day, evening after evening, he twaddled on in the same dry, dull way, shedding no ray of light; from his own intellect upon the pages he pored over, and whose contents it was his delight to recapitulate. He was always finding little, bits in his daily studies which, he thought would interest her, and the little bits were usually the dullest passages in the prosings of some third- rate philosopher — the tritest axioms of morality inflated into importance by gran- diloquent language. When the baronet was confined to his room, which happened often during that doleful winter, Mordred Perriam and Sylvia took their meal tete-a- tete the gloomy dining-room. The mild old book- worm would even desert his beloved kitchen garden to take his constitutional in Sylvia's company, shambling up and down the Italian garden, never ceasing from that even flow of prosinessa. There were moments when Lady Perriam was wicked enough to wish him a sharer in that tranquil silence which ruled among the rest of his race in that hallowed ground below the terrace. Mordred's health was very little better than his brother's, but being a person of secondary importance, the household took less notice of his ailments. He grumbled a little about himself from time to time ; complained of pains here and twitches there ; now pointed to his chest, and now to his head; but received little more attention from any one than if he had been some piece of household machinery slightly out of order. "I know I shall die suddenly when my time comes," he said to Lady Perriam. "It may be many years hence —" "I dare say it will," returned Sylvia, with an involuntary sigh. "Or it may be much sooner than any one expects : but I feel a conviction that I shall go off without a moment's warn- ing. There are a great many cases on record of a prevision as to the manner of their death. I have my prevision. So many twitches and. spasms as I suffer must have some significance. It may be that my heart is wrong, or the seat of disease may be in the brain. When you consider the delicate functions which the spinal marrow has to perform in relation to the cerebral matter, you can hardly wonder that the brain is apt to get out of order. When you look at the heart as a complicated pumping apparatus which is never permitted to rest, and not subject to repair, you cannot wonder that the machinery is liable to collapse. I have received warning from both directions, and I am prepared for the worst.' "Mere fancy, I daresay, Mr. Perriam," said Sylvia, with the serenity that springs from indifference. "No, my dear, it is not fancy. But I am prepared for the worst. I have made my will." "Indeed," murmured Sylvia, with a shade more interest. She thought it just possible that Mordred intended to reward her endurance of his dulness by the be- quest of his worldly substance. "Yes. I bequeath my library — nearly five thousand volumes of solid and in- structive literature—to the Mechanics' Institute in Monkhampton. I also be- queath my estate, now yielding two hundred pounds per annum, but likely to improve with the lapse of years, to trustees, for the benefit of the same in- stitution. They will build a wing for the reception of the books, they will from time to time, as funds accrue, collect other books, always of a like character. They will furthermore employ a librarian for the care of th: aforesaid books and any further collection, as heretofore mentioned, at a salary, of fifty pounds per annum. Mordred was quoting verbatim from the will, a document which he kept in his own possession, and perused fre- quently with enjoyment. "I have sometimes thought, he added, graciously, "that such a situation would suit a man of studious habits, like your favor." Christmas had been in no wise different from other seasons. at Perriam. There was some customary dole given to the poor, but this was done unobtrusively through the hands of the housekeeper, so that the blessings of the recipients reached not Sir Aubrey's ears. Christmas Day seemed an extra Sunday in the week, and that was all. It was now two months after Christmas, and Sir Aubrey had been more or less ailing all the time. The Monkhampton surgeon who attended him declared there was no cause for alarm. The severe weather had been trying ; Sir Aubrey was a little out of sots, and so on ; but with the coming of spring he would doubtless be himself again. Lady Per- riam must not feel, uneasy. This Mr. Stimpson, the surgeon, an elderly man who enjoyed high, repute in Monkhampton, said to Lady Perriam her- self, in a cheery confidential tone. "There is no danger, then ?" asked Lady Perriam, in a thoughtful tone. "None whatever ; a temporary derange- ment of the system, nothing more." "I am glad to hear that," said Sylvia, almost mechanically. "I have some times thought that Sir Aubrey must be seriously ill. His memory seems to fail him a little, now and then. He repeats things two or three times, and does not seem to know that he has said them before." Mr. Stimpson looked a little grave at this, but speedily recovered himself. It is a doctor's duty to ha cheerful. He brings to bear an amiable gaiety, by way of contrast to the gloom of sick-beds and incurable diseases. Sylvia sat alone, absorbed in deepest thought for some time after the doctor had left her. Sometimes, out of this ill- ness of Sir Aubrey's, piercing th: doleful shadows of the sickroom, there had arisen, pale with distance, the star of an unholy hope. What if the end were nearer than she ever deemed possible ? What if her husband were doomed to die ere very long, and leave her free to marry Edmund Standen? In her young life Death had been, as yet, a stranger. She could not think of that dreadful presence calmly as some to whom the fatal visitant has grown a familiar guest. She thought, with a shudder, of the dark gulf, the mysterious impenetrable grave, which lay between her and liberty. Sir Aubrey Had been a tyrant, but at the worst an unconscious despot. He had never been intentionally unkind. He had tried to shape the young, bright life to fit his own dull even exists- ence, had stifled all the natural aspira- tions of joy-loving youth, had made Sylvia's days a burden to her ; yet, after his own fashion he had been kind. It seemed almost impossible that she should wish for his death. "I do not wish him dead," she said to herself, when that possible release pre- sented itself like a hope, but, if he dies, I shall win my love back—my first and only love. I will make him forgive me, though I have sinned against him so deeply. I will make him trust me again, although I have been so false. I know that I have power to win him back." — — — CHAPTER XXXV.—STRICKEN DOWN. In the first day of March Sir Aubrey left his room. He was now pronounced well enough to spend a few hours in the saloon dail, and even to take atshori drive in the yellow chariot on a sunny day, when the wind was in a genial quarter. He was very glad to avail himself of these privileges, and made haste to abandon his invalid habits dressed him- self as carefully as ever, and re- appeared with that gracious and patrician aspect which made him look like one of Van- dyke's portraits in modern costume. He thanked Sylvia courteously, for her attention to him during his illness, and was kinder than usual to her, forbearing to criticise her conduct in trifles, and to lecture. "My dear," he said, "I have given you no present since I put my mother's diamond keeper upon your finger. It belonged to her mother's mother, you know, and has a higher value from as- sociation than from the worth of the stones, which are of purest water, but small." Sylvia gave a little regretful sigh. She had once supposed that diamond hoop to be the forerunner or a shower of gifts, plenteous as that golden rain which de- scended on Danae. "I have not given you jewels, Sylvia, partly because I do not care to see a woman bedizened with precious stones, but more because I do not wish to be as- sociated in your mind with rich gifts. When I am dead and gone ; you will be rich—rich enough to be the match for some adventurer, should you be so foolish as to marry again." Here upon Sir Aubrey opened an oval morocco case, in which reposed on black velvet a necklace of single diamonds, each as large as a prize pea. Th! silver setting was so light as to be hardly visible. The necklace seemed a circlet of liquid light. Sylvia's eyes sparkled, she gave a gasp of mingled surprise and delight. "How lovely !" she exclaimed. "It is yours, my love," answered the baronet, in his placid way. "I bought that necklace for a duke's daughter, but death stole my promised bride— I give it' now to my true and kind wife." Lady Perriam, not easily melted burst into a flood of tears. "God keep me true to you, in thought as in deed," she cried passionately. "But I am not worthy of your kindness." "You have been my patient nurse, my faithful companion," answered Sir Aubrey, gently. ''Dry your tears, my dear. A diamond necklace is not a thing to cry about." "I am very proud of your gift, it is more splendid than anything I ever dreamed of. But it is your kindness that touches me," said Sylvia. She remembered how mean she had thought him because he had doled her out a small allowance of pocket-money ; how she had ascribed the dreariness of her life to his desire to save expenditure; and, behold, he threw a gift worth ever so many thousands of pounds into her lap, as carelessly as if it had been a handful of summer blossoms. "When shall I wear these diamonds ?" she asked herself or rather enquired of Destiny— as she clasped the necklace around her throat before the glass in her dressing-room. ''Perhaps, if Sir Aubrey is inclined to be indulgent, he will take me to London this year, and let me see the world. It is hard to have wealth, and jewels, and a title, and youth, and good looks, and yet to be buried alive at Perriam Place." The next day was the brightest of the new year, but Sir Aubrey protested against the yellow chariot when Mr. Stimpson, who was still in attendance, recommended a quiet drive. "I detest being shut up in a coach,'' he said. "I'd rather take a little walk in the garden with Lady Perriam." "So be it, then," replied the doctor, who wished to make his regimen agree- able to so profitable a patient. "I don't know that a walk mightn't be better than a drive. Only be sure you don't fatigue yourself. Just a gentle stroll up and down that delightful terrace, with Lady Perriam's arm for a support." It was about three o'clock in the after- noon when Sir Aubrey and his wife went out for this promenade. A bright, tranquil, spring-like afternoon, only the gentlest west wind faintly stirring the evergreens, a calm blue sky, with fleecy clouds, and a gentle sunshine upon the landscape. There had been much rant lately, and the pastures looked emerald bright against the dark arable lands, while here and there the first tinge of green showed faintly on the southward fronting hedge- rows. "A beautiful world, my dear," said Sir Aubrey, as he surveyed the varied pros- pect. "I have seen a good deal of it, but I have found nothing so good as Perriam." "Perriam is very nice," replied Sylvia, meekly ; "but you will show me a little more of the world some day, won't you, Sir Aubrey ?" "Yes, my love, we will travel a little more by-and- by, when I am stronger. I wish your life to be happy. I fear you have had rather a dull winter ; but then happily you are not used to society." "No," answered Sylvia, "perhaps that's why I long for it more than other people." "True," the unknown is ever delight- ful. You remember what Pope says : 'Man never is, but always to be blessed.'' "I hate Pope," replied Sylvia, impa- tiently, upon which Sir Aubrey gave her a brief lecture on the folly of hating a poet whose philosophy is as correct as versification is brilliant. The effort appeared to exhaust him, for he drooped a little on his second peram- bulation of the terrace. "I am not so strong as I fancied my- self this morning," he said, "I feel a little shaky in spite of the support of your arm. I'll go back to the house after this walk." They lingered a little for Sir Aubrey to rest on the spot where they had stood when he asked Sylvia to be his wife. Sir Aubrey looked down at the little green churchyard with a dreamy gaze. The very spirit of tranquillity pervaded the scene. The gray old church tower, with its quaint corbels and water spouts and varied tints of moss and lichen, stood out clearly defined against the clear cold sky. Death wore its softest aspect in that placid valley. Mild as the atmosphere was, the in- valid shivered. "I'll go in doors, my love," he said ; "I am not strong enough for walking yet." They went back to the house, Sir Au- brey leaning a little on Sylvia's arm, and sighing once or twice during the journey, as if it were rather a troublesome business. The invalid returned to his easy chair by the fire in the saloon, where Sylvia gave him his book, a volume of the "Spectator," whose leaves he turned listlessly now and then, reading a page here and there, and smiling faintly at the familiar passages. She arranged the little table by his chair, on which he kept a book or two, the day's newspapers, and a glass of weak sherry and water, and then prepared to take her place on the opposite side of the hearth where it was her wont to beguile the slow hours, with fancy work. Novels, and, indeed, modern light literature of all kinds, Sir Aubrey set his face against ; thus woman's favorite amusement was, in a manner, forbidden to Lady Perriam. But the baronet begged his wife to enjoy the afternoon sunshine. "Finish your walk my dear," he said graciously, "you can come back to me when you are tired of the terrace ; I am always glad to have you near me, but you have been too long a prisoner." Sylvia obeyed. She was very tired of that spacious saloon, with its unchanging splendor— chairs and tables always in the same position—no variety, no look of life or movement. She was glad to be alone with her own thoughts, which of late had taken shapes that disturbed and per- plexed her. Sir Aubrey's unsettled health gave rise to agitating conjectures. She knew very well that there was guilt in many of these meditations, these visions of a possible future ; but she had never acquired the habit of ruling her own thoughts ; she let them drift as they would, and the image which oftenest filled her mind was the image of one whom it was the first duty of her life to forget. She walked to and fro for about an hour, and was beginning to think of re- turning to her post by the fireside and her duties of nurse and comforter, when she heard a distant step on the gravel walk, firm, light and quick—a step that reminded her of Edmund Standen's. She knew that the step could hardly be his Mr. Standen's presence in that place scarcely came within the limits of the possible ; yet the sound set her heart beating vehement, so weak was that undisciplined heart. She walked towards the other end of the terrace, and saw the well-known figure of Mr. Bain, the lawyer. He had been away from Monkhampton for nearly a month, in the south of France, with his ailing wife, whom the doctors had ordered to the shores of the Mediterranean, as her sole chance of surviving the severe winter. Difficult was it was for Shadrach Bain to leave business, he had performed his duty as a husband, escorted his wife to Cannes, and stayed with her until her health had been in some measure re- established. Monkhampton had been loud in his praises for this domestic loyalty, though some among his clients had grumbled a little at the loss of their astute adviser. It had been no small relief to Sylvia to escape the searching gaze of those keen eyes. From the very beginning of her acquaintance with Shadrach Bain, Sylvia had felt that there was a man who was in the habit of looking deeper than the sur- face of things, and that she had need to guard her secret thoughts against his watch- fulness. He had always been courteous to her ; nay, had evinced the most profound respect by his every word and action. Yet, knowing no more of him than that he was a good man of business, and a trusted agent of Sir Aubrey's, she felt an undefinable fear of his influence. Or, in a word, she fancied that he knew her. He approached her with his usual grave politeness — not ceremonious — but gravely respectful. "Good afternoon, Lady Perriam. I have been with Sir Aubrey. He has been kind enough to ask me to to stay to dinner— and as the dew is falling, he suggested that I should request you to come in doors." "There is no dew yet awhile," an- swered Sylvia, somewhat impatiently. Sir Aubrey had a tiresome way of ordering her about thorough the medium of Mr. Bain. "I shall walk a little longer." "May I be your companion during that time ?" asked Mr. Bain. "I have no objection," replied Sylvia, coldly. She would have given a great deal to keep Mr. Bain for ever outside the gates of Perriam—yet subservient as he appeared, she felt that he was just the kind of man that would make her pay dearly for anything like incivility. "Your permission sounds almost like an interdict," said the agent, "yet I will venture to remain. Sir Aubrey must have been very ill while I was in France." "Not worse than he has been several times this winter." "Indeed ? Yet I see so marked a change in him. I don't know how to de- scribe it, but it struck me at the first glance, and I was pained to perceive it." "Do you think he is dangerously ill ?" asked Sylvia, turning upon with a quick, bright light in her eyes. "No, Lady Pierriam. I do not think there is much danger of your being left a widow yet awhile," answered Mr. Bain, with inscrutable gravity. "You really frighten me with your talk about a change in Sir Aubrey. I can see no change myself—and Mr. Stimpson says he is improving daily—that there is nothing is wanted but the warm weather to make him quite well and strong again." "I am glad Mr. Stimpson is so hope- ful. The change wich struck me so pain- fully was perhaps more in Sir Aubrey's manner than his appearance—there was an altered tone—a feebler manner—an in- decision about everything he said. I was talking to him nearly an hour About busi- ness, and I had plenty of time to observe him. In a word, he is not the man that I left less than a month ago." Sylvia was silent. She remembered her own discovery of Sir Aubrey's un- certain memory—that almost childish habit of repeating his speeches. Did death come thus in this slow decline of the faculties ? Sir Aubrey was by no means an old man. It was not time for memory to grow dim—for sight to fail— for hearing to grow faint. "Let us go back to the house," said Lady Perriam. "If once Sir Aubrey gets the idea of dew into his head he will fidget himself till I am indoors." "You have reason to be proud of such thoughtfulness on his part," remarked Mr. Bain. "It's very kind— but rather tiresome," returned Sylvia, who was more candid with Mr. Bain in trifles than with other people having that inward conviction that he could see through small artifices. She went back to the saloon before going up stairs to dress for dinner—went back dutifully, to see if her husband had any further need of her attendance. Though there had been a still soft gray light in the Italian garden, here in the saloon reined deepest dusk. So much of the waning day was excluded by the ample draperies of those seven tall windows. The seven windows looked white and wan in the twilight like seven tall ghosts. The fire had burned low, and only shed its ruddy glow in the region of the hearth. Lady Perriam stood by the door look- ing in, Mr. Bain standing just behind her. Sir Aubrey sat with his arm hanging loosely across the arm of the chair, his head lying back against the cushions, an open book at his feet. He had fallen asleep, no doubt. "I won't disturb him," said Sylvia ! "Mr. Stimpson said rest was of great importance." "I think I'd better replenish, the fire," suggested Mr. Bain. "It will go out directly if it isn't attended to." Mr. Bain knelt down, and put a couple of dry logs gently on the ashes. The dry wood began to sputter and crackle imme- diately. An ornamental brass screen, wide and tall, guarded the invalid from these flying sparks of burning wood. The recumbent figure never stirred. The agent still on his knees, looked round at his employers. The dry log burst into a sudden blaze which lighted all the room, and shone full upon Sir Aubrey's face. The quick, startled look at that face; and the agent sprang to his feet, and pulled the bell rope. A bell rang in the distant office with a loud shrill peal that sounded through the house. The agent bent over that motion- less figure, loosened the neck- cloth, raised the head, all quietly enough, Lady Perriam looking on all the while, with unutterable terror in her colorless face. She had rushed to the hearth when Mr. Bain rang the bell. "Do you think he is dead she asked, in an awful whisper. "No, I can fell the beating of his heart. Send a messenger to Mr Stimp- son on on the fastest horse in the stables," continued Mr. Bain to the servant who appeared in answer to the that loud summons. If Mr. Stimpson is out, when e gets to Monkhampton, let him fetch Dr. Car- dross—if he's out, let him go on to Mr. Byfield. He must ride for his life, mind, and not lose a minute in getting off. And let another messenger—John Bates, he is a sharp fellow—go to Dr. Tapsall, of Hedingham. Sir Aubrey has an attack —I fear paralysis. Tell some one to fetch Chapelain." Chapelain, the valet, had heard that shrill peal of the bell, and was by his master's side before the other servant had left left room. There was no time lost. Mr. Bain and the valet laid Sir Aubrey on a sofa, in the most comfortable posi- tion they could, place him in, and this done, there was little more to do than wait the coming of medical aid. Perriam Place stood midway between Monkhamp- ton and Hedingham. Either way the messenger would have three miles to ride, the doctor three miles to come. "There's no hope of anybody being here under an hour," said Mr. Bain, who had been wonderfully, self-possessed throughout. Lady Perriam sat like a statue, and was hardly less white than the sculptor's veinless marble. Her eyes along moved, and they kept wandering restlessly from yonder prostrate form upon the sofa to the anxious faces of the agent and valet. "Is there any danger ? she asked, always referring to that one, last, awful hazard of death. See had wished her husband dead, but the wish had been but a vague thought. She shrank appalled from the realization of that half- formed desire. There is something peculiarly awful in a wicked wish, being gratified almost as soon as it is formed. It is like the dread interposition of Satan. "A first attack is rarely fatal," an- swered Mr. Bain, as calmly ; as if he had been a physician of long practice. "There is every reason to hope that Sir Aubrey may be quite restored in a few days. But it is rather alarming while it lasts." "Alarming ?" echoed Lady Perriam, "It is horrible. Is he quite insensible do you think ?" "I am not sure. He seems half asleep. "I'm afraid this arm is paralysed. It hangs so helplessly." "And it is so cold,' said the valet, who was on his knees by the sofa, chafing the lifeless hand. The dreary hours of waiting wore on, Sylvia sitting silent and unobtrusive, Mr. Bain and the valet doing what little they could, yet afraid to much lest they should do the wrong thing. The ticking of the clock on the chimney-piece had an awful sound in that mournful stillness. The wood ashes fell lightly on the hearth. Sir Aubrey's troubled breating (sic) was pain- fully audible. By-and-bye, after half an hour's wait- ing which had seemed half a day the watchers, they were startled by a feeble, half articulate sounds. They came from the pale lips of Aubrey, who was striving painfully for speech. When he did speak, after that laborious effort, his voice was dull and hollow. So might Lazarus have have spoken he came out of the cavern at his Master's bidding, To Sylvia those strange tones sounded like the the voice of the re-arisen dead. "Have I been asleep ?" asked Sir Aubrey, in imperfectly formed syllables, as if in awful mockery of the child's first efforts to shape, the words he hears from others. "Yes, Sir Aubrey." "Very long ?" "For some time." The dim grey eyes looked wonderingly about. "Why, is it dark, already? Why don't they light ^htifee-lamps-?5' 6; "We thought this .subdued light waa better for you, Sir Hfegyi''', : ?'?* - "Better for me ! I'm not an invalid— I don't mean to be an invalid any more,' mumbled the baronet^ 'always -with the. same effort, the same uncertain articu lation. They did their best to prevent his talking much or exciting himself ; but, in trying to raise himself presently, he discovered that one side of his body was powerless. "What is this ?" he asked, more dis tinctly than he had spoken before, as if an awful fear gave force to his accents. "I can't move ; 3'Ve lost- the; ja^e of. one side. What does..ijb mean?'' : ;; _' Neither the agent .nor the valet an swered this anxious question. . i £hey looked at each-otfeer ^ou^btfujly.; ~ The valet murmured, some soothing: sjjebch in his own tongue. -, -, , ??[?_ ???-,,. \ . p r "I know what ;it means,'' said Sir Aubrey, "it is paralysis, the one disease I have dreaded ever since I saw my. grandfather wheeled about Perriam in a Bath chair, with his head hanging on one side, when I was a little boy. . And yet .-I hardly thought it ; . weuld *eize ihe. £ thought Mordred /night be stricken ; he has always, been a weak, ailing. creature. I never thought. I should be the one. (To be continued.) 