SAMlONG TIIALLIGATO1S. (From 4o Bells,.) I A.It now going to Ielato an advoliture (writoes an olticer in ll Amoricai slrmty) which I 1had whilo tlr Goenefal iBanks in theo Red Iivor campign, which proved so disastrous to us adso noearly cost moe my lifeo, I would do ahltost anything for tho Union; butt cavon forbid that I sholild over again have to g on anothler expedli tion tnto that dolectablo country, in which it is a wondor that alliof us did not meet the fate of tho gunboats, and romainu stuck ii the mud until thistimoe. It was while on an.inupward nmarch, that os nioght I, oand tlhreothors, were capturoed by a band of guerilla) while on detached duty. Our captors c?aioe upon us unaware?s, for the nighit was so dark that you could not so a1 hand placed within a foot of yor face. Tho notice I lhad of their approacl was a lhand laidd upon my shoulder, and then, of course, resistancs was usoless, It was tho same with my companions, oxcept one, who discharged his ritle to give the alarm, and cahlo nearz gettiug a bullet througlh Iris head in rotuil, Our captors:did. not nuiobor moro than dozen; and'fidiiig that thiyaccomplished all that thoy coild hope to f as tho camlp wvasarousodthoe uickly mad off, talkingus along, u nwiliuig captive s as ;ou can in gino,. Ut theors was no holp for it, and for two or threoe hours wo pushed on, and at last found ourselvOes standing beforo an old cabin oroctod in tho heart of ono of the numorous swamps that aro to be found iln that region in all directions,. In this hut wo weoro hold capntivoes for throee days, " during whlich wo learnod that thle party whlo hiad captureod us were otly a rovinog band, whLose objoect was to..phlnder all they could from Fodorals, and to annoy them as much as possiblo by oapturing pickets inoexposod situations,. Their hoecl quartors were always like the present, in some almost inacossibls swamp ivloro it would beo impossible.for a pursu. ing party to follow unless they weroe well acquaintod with the way, M[ost of the time theoro were but two loft to guard us, the rest being off on their work of rapins, in which they did not soom to be very suo. cossful-at least, in tho way of prisonors as,dsuring the throo days weo were in thle huttnonoe weore addod to our nmnbor,though weo learneod from their convoersation that the army had not loft tlho noighbourhood ; and this fatot gaves is hops that we milght offset our oscapo and,ioin our forces bofore tlosy ,vero roeady to move on, helo fourtlh nighlt of our eaptivlty came un dlar'k and stormny,. It had rained steadily throughl thle day, but, with tloth applroach of night; tlo torreonts camo down with. in orceased.vlolonco, During thIo day, we had plineod to moako our escapo that night bou now we woro foearful thlat,.wo-?-ohuld not bo aiblo to msikoe tle Attemnpt, The storm woe woro afra.ld; whild keeoop tletom allt i?asllo thoe citblih tiir tho rsain camse down tlrougloyts iroo? itn ovory dirootion. We Ji!r?iodci to tleir disousslonio pf thle propriety of going outt ht nighli, tando it last, to our sNatisfacttion, tley decidtled to go, T[It rhos that aotold as leaoder soomto to posses but littlo authority, as nto lossbt? 0 fourrefusod to go, anld htel eod pooerless to foroce thest to do so7Wht dos'sess gathrodtl tlollh about us, they set out but, to our dismay weo found that o n guardt was doubled, and tho prospoot of urrolahsg tihoe Union otutposts that nighlit was aythl but fIlattoring, Still wo did not dspai but kIoptup ' our 00courag, dettoermn tt llnak iur oscapo if It was pos sible, 'Iho mton oheapled al ugo quantity of wood upon thIo sioeldorihtg lire t atd tlto olaoens tlat thad boon well-nlgl snothlered by thoe graot dropoth[ ast cato sourliug down liko a toiroillt, spoo'tog tIl) agahs, lhowvisglthot ansdl l'it'roth about te cabini . Ont of. thol' luoonber nlow produooed I pack ofloasdAs, atd ,0oon they wore ongtgoed in a gano of blufo totld lth e noho telioy mados over it Iwo ilmlost ,olnooloh:to dlrown thl warrFih5 -of tho #)ioynlntl wth~lout, " The rain proved too much for the fire ;agai, and, as the dry weood was now ex hausted, they were obliged to la by the cards; .od, beforo a great wluhile, they stretchel tlcmsele upon the earth thait composed the flooyf the lhut, in such a manner that wecould inot approachl the dloor without stepincg over thci plostrato bodies. Evidently no watch was to be kept over us that i?ght, as they did not imagine that we wuld atltemlpt to escape from a spot th /even they could not easily leave in tie darkness. Still, one of them might, lceo awake; and, if lhe did, our chanc of escapLe would be small indeed. '\ An hour wcut by, and still they lay motionless upon toc earth, giving no sign that they were conscious of anything that was passing ab6ut them. Thie ire they kindled was fa.4t going out. Only a few sullen red embers would now anid then open their sleepy eyds for a moment as a gust of wind came rolliiig down upon themu, caII ing shadows' to flit about the well of the cabin like giant ghosts stalking about. We listened in tly, and in the lipauses of the rain couldllhear the deep breathing of the sleepers. Some 'of them, at least, were uneonsciounof what wlas passing about theni, iid now wVcss our time. With the utlntmost caution we rose to our feet, and I took thie first steliptowards the dloor and liberty. Our caltorsstirrednot, and again I advanded, nov close upon one of the sleeping men. His deep breathing showed that I hadnlothingto fear from hin. No tlhing risked, nothiilg gained, I tlhougght anmldi lightly stoppeel over him, followed close by my conmpanlions. The others were passed over tliesame. Not one moved, iand I pushed openthe door of the hut, iand thie storm and liberty were before us. A gust.of wind and rain rushed in upon the sleeoping men, adthel nearuest one stir red. and[ muttered something, though we .could not catch the words. HIastily we closed the doornd sprmang away, taking our course as Icfar.IIs we could deterniiie in the direction our army lay. Still we lnew not tlhat our course was was right. The darknese was ko dense that we lhad al most to foeelourwayleforous. The groumld was marshy, and it was as muche as we coold do to find a foothloldqin the yielding earth. More tlhan once wessnk to our middle in mud and-water, aun only escaped a horri ble death by the assistane we were enabled to render each other.' We made the be of our way, hearing allsortsof sounds csoingoutof the darklness that encomlpassed ubout. Sometimes wo imagiined that we cld hear the shouts of foomen close upon uswhen it was only the trumpet-like wail ofls tempest howlimg amid the trees. Sudenly the rain ceaserl A moment after, ans tlroughl a rift in the clouds the moon senilown a flood of light that was almost bli[ig. The next mo-. boent the darkcness s, if possible, more dense than before ; t we were thankful for the light we had received, for it showed before us a broad crole inito which we should have most iassuredly tumbled ]hadil not the moon shown her face the moment sledid. Here we were brought to a standstill. Coss.tlhlis we must if we weore to keep onl but howwas it tb h1?donel I was thIe oely :one of our lparty tbhatould swim, and I did ndt relish-thoe, idei.t ofplunmging into thIe dark, turbid stroeamn'ofore me, wlhere per haclps, beneath its surtce were hiddlen half a dozon hlnyo alligatorf, who would ha]ive taken me in as comnplotoly as I hald ever been before ic my hfe. Again the moon light streamdd out through a rift in the clouds and we saw down the stream a little distance, that a large tfee was .lyilg half submerged one end restifigbnzthe baiikcand the other on a littleislnd inthe creek about two.thirds of the way across. Here was a chmicee to cross a portion of the stream, and lerhliaps the other might be fordablb.\Webhurlied down to the buiilc and tile foremost of my comnpauionsdashed acrosss.. laneed sto be last, and as I sorang from ?fid tree it moved from its icl andc boeanl to move down thestreanm, Smade a gra% at one of the branches, but it proved to be a dry one, and snapped olf, leaving a piece in my hand about five foot ii length. I little thought it at that moment, but that stick saved our livoea. The to floated away, and I hiasteed across tlh slaid to where my eompanions were. gazi.g on the water ?ni blank dis may, Tlioeroeam on this side was deeooper than that a hald already crossed; uand thoro wnis no friendly log to serve us as a bridge. We woroceaught in a trap from which there seeoomed.no pissiblo chance of escape, ald at aiiny moment our pursuers might come.lupon us lhdl they discovered our escape, for the anion was shinings brightly, and the cloudsevoro fast rolling away, , \ w"Boys I" xoelaimed on0?f my comradeso in a st.utld tone, " the 'crook is rising eovery moment, and oiurismn d is beooming esmIller,' And he was right. Thie waoter that had faUon was fast runninginto the oreok, and in a very short time the island upon whlich we stood would be entirely sibmor. god, "Goiood heaven l-boys, look hero I" ox claimed another of my comrades as he pointed into the edge of the water, 'We fdllowod tIhe direction of his hlaud, and saw what at filrst I thought wis a log floating on the water, but a second look told me that it was thl back of a hugo alli. gato o *oi ils hao ewhetr men woro fallingall~boutno'; ?t I niver oxporln. csd the feollg of or that I did when I saw the monstr mailwgards the little spot of mud u? i owhli . stood, Tho creookl was risiofast, ofsenemed to us, than over water d bofoo ; anld in twenty minutes it would be oltireoly awallowed uli, and' tlhere was that terrible mbnstoer restly for destruatiou-'and we had nothing to* dofolendl iirsolvos with, xoept our bare fainds and thoe brai~li of the trooe thiet I had .saivedl as~lhe trunk floated a, a3y w. must ~1i'to the land orhbo food fo that monist," I exainiieod, as .I moved to the opplosi e polnt frona where the nmouster was still s?ible, "]it we ccnicot swi I" i xilaimid my comlnlnioas ii a brei , " But you mnust lyou bost, I'1 heole youn a41 I. can, , is (lic oinly lhopo u aid.I wovent out to 'dthe deop water, '.ii heard a loud spshliug before mo, uandi I spraing backwards, but noct ammoment tIoo soon, for thoro befor? mis, with its hugeo laws. soxtecded, wli another alliga. te' Wo road our e El spair in eauch otheor's faces, as we retras~cd to thle oly grounud thirt now relnainoil uncovered, theoro to wait the onslbaught of our onomleos, which thIe groauiig nolbo that arose oicsithler ide told us were moImorous,. 'The bruioch of thi' treeoo I had not relinquishied; ald i iow I trid its stre.ngth, aud, to miy grelat joff, I fo?nlld tllhat it; was stout alld scound cl xe pt ait the extreme osd wuhere it 'had brokoe friom the 'troe, ucn that it was cejabloe cadminihstehring a good blow if rgtlyglvei T'hce aliiy monster whlom woe lcl fit oen orawled towards il5. itS hIjuU iottl hitoiodl?, , iai hi itf two sure of beiug filled by oneo of lis. When so clar that 1 could nalmost haveo touched the nmonster by reachling out my lhand, i. raised my clulb and broulght it down, with all the force I was caliable of exerting, upon the creptile's head. With the action, 1 sprang backward, btit not a momelllntllttoo soo : for it. brought its tail ldown, witlh a snap like the report of a pistol, upon tlh very spot I had stood, and lad I not have vacated my post, I. should not have been Ihere telling this story. The monster seemed stunned somewhat' by the blow I had given it and, after a minlute or two, wriggled a snLrt distance, und sselemed conteunt toWatchl us. One of mly comrades had taken the club from nme but instead of giving a blow, received one on the armn fromn the monster's tail thit sent it powerless to h]is side. Anotlher picked up the club, iand succceeded in giv ing uch a blow, that the reptile was glad to slip into deep water. In this wvay tihe night and the conflict vwent ; andul wlhen tlo light of morning came, we hbad done battle with at least a score of the monsters, and some of themn a half-dozen times over. It was indeed a battle for life. The water, contrairy to our expectations, had rlot risen so as to cover tlhe entiro surface ; and'there was a spot about ton feet square, which gave us a lirm foothold that we could not have obtained in thle mud and water. With the first dawn of light, we dis covered a large tree mnoving slowly down the creek; and, to our joy, we saw it was floating crosswise of tile stream, anud if it slid not change its position, musI t strike the island, and the further bank over the narrowest Cexpanse of water. You can imnagine with what interest we watched the treeoo, which seemed sent by Providene to leffect our ldeliverance from a terrible deatlh by the huge-jawed monsters which sur rounded us. So slow, that sometimes it seemed as if did not move at all,csnamo thei ark of our deliverance. As' it neared us, the reptiles aboveasnlkbonesaithl the surface, so as to allow it to pass over thems, only to reappear the moment it hIad gone by. Thie roots of the tree caught on the shore, thie topll swung round, uand for ia moment we thought it would inot stop, but sweep us into the water. Fortunately, we were mis taken, for the branches caught in the mud and became stationary. A bridge was built over our Rod Sea, on which we could cross. Hastily we bouos dled over it, expecting every moment tllat slimy monsters would start up and drag us off; but our fears were groundless, as none appeared till we were safely over. Then ono dark hsead rose close to tle shore, snd, as a parting salute, I sent my club at it, with what result I did enot stop to see. We wandlered Qn, until noon, whens we emerged upon a plantation, and came across a negro, who had s nsotion to see somethisug of tlhe world, and who conducted us safely to the Union lines, having escaped with whole slkins from both rebels and alliga. tors. 