[?] Vision 1. As soon as the Members of the Legislative Assem bly had put their tongues away for the season, Mr. Punch retired to his ancestral halls; then, burying himself in his awful and mysterious den, he called for a bowl of his own peculiar spirit, and began to ladle it lazily down his Quilp-like throat. As the ambrosial liquor diffused itself through the l\wp that flows through his godlike veins, the divine Punch nodded with sable eyebrows, the gray locks trembled on his poll, and the room shook with his snores. He sleDt. and as he slumbered. ovXog 'Ol >Eipog—& baneful dream — sped down from the starry skies and stood at the side of the sofa on which he snored. Suddenly, Mr. Punch felt himself being whirled through space like a cannon-ball. The moon was setting behind the Blue Mountains, and by her light he could see that he was reclining in his state china bowl, and could every now and then catch a glimpse of Toby's shoulders working up and down like the cranks in a paddle-wheeler. " This is my Hegira, thought the Illustrious Humourist. "I feel like Venus sailing through the air on her dove-drawn chariot; like Dr. Paustus when he was whisked over the chimney-pots by Me- phistopheles, like Dante when he rode down to Malebolge on the back of the ' fell monster with the sharp tail,' like" — here Mr. Punch stopped short, for a yell of "Breakers ahead!" came from Toby, and the jagged peaks of the Blue Mountains leaped up against the moon. The Punch bowl lurched heavily to port : — the next minute there was a crash, and Mr. P. found himself comfortably seated upon a lump of ice that was lying on one of the mountain-tops. He fixed his eye intently on the moon — a gaunt skeleton-like figure was sharply outlined against her disc. A low muttering came from the bristly lips of the spectre; then a dismal wail: "I am the Solitary One ! I am the Ishmael of Debate — Parkes's Martyr No. I. — the Illawarra Ghost !" He then calmed down a little and said that he had retired to this secluded cloud-capped peak for the Christmas Recess. It was, he remarked, a highly cheerful and delightfully solitary spot. He felt like Ruskin's little brown fly on the side of the Alpine precipice ; and if he only had two or three such congenial companions as Timon of Athens, Dio genes, Apemantus, Manfred, "and old Dave Buchanan, his happiness would be complete. He said, 'further, that although on his first arrival he had been slightly incommoded by the bandi coots, spiders, snakes, and other lively and high-spirited animals that seemed anxious to claim kindred with him, he had found a very easy method of getting rid of them by reciting aloud one of those masterpieces of eloquence and logic with which he used to delight the House in days gone by. When he had concluded his argument, (he told Mr. P.) there wasn't a mosquito left alive within a mile of him — none survived the first attack. He was now rehearsing the part of Manfred among the Alps, and he would thank Mr. Punch to run away and let him alone. Next year he intended to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of Religion and Morality, and another entitled the Compulsory Bristles Act, making it illegal for anybody to shave himself with any other instrument than a pair of scissors or an iron hoop. And then, with a howl of unutterable woe, the spectral figure vanished in the darkness. Again, Mr. Punch found himself flying through the clouds : this time on the back of Toby. A strain of unearthly melody rose into the air. Toby howled dismally, and sank, overpowered, to the ground. They found themselves in the midst of the forest primae val. Gum trees stood around them, writhing in agony, their trunks trembling, their leaves quivering, the dew drippiing like per spiration from their boughs, their withered limbs pressed tightly into their ears. A white- bearded bard, with a nose like a reaping- hook, was thrumming a lute. " Orpheus, with his lute, made trees, and the mountain tops that freeze, bow them selves as he did sing," said the weird musician. "Iam Orpheus : " Orfee aux En- fers.' I am setting my Land Bill, and David's ' Deceased Wife's Sister's Bill' to music ; i but the trees don't seem to i like it, somehow. I am 1 Parkes's martyr, No. 2. j Good evening " — and the old i gentleman vanished. Mr. Punch was careering along over the tree-tops again. A ter rific explosion resounded through the air. "Gulgong !" said Toby " That's Buchanan making a speech," and they came to ground once more. "Where are my questions? Whither have my resolutions gone? Where is my 'Mining Bill?' and my 'Deceased Wife's Sister's Bill ?' " growled out a harsh voice, near where they were standing ; and, in an instant, Bombastes Furioso was at their side. ; " I am Parkes's martyr, No. 3," said ; Bombastes. "We're a band of ; brothers : there's Bill, and Jack, and : little Tom ; and then there's me, I Davy. We want to get the govern- ; ment of the country into our own hands, if we can : we'd manage it ; gloriously." He then informed Mr. P. that he i intended, next year, to introduce a | Bill rendering it compulsory upon I every man to marry his great-great- grandmother, and to obtain a divorce within a week after the solemnization of the nuptials. " This is a very funny dream," said Mr. Punch, to himself. — 