ALL SAINTS' CHURCH, WOOLLAHRA. On Saturday afternoon, the chief stone of All Saints' Church, Woollahra, was laid by the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, in the presence of a large number of clergy of the diocese and a congregation of nearly 1000 persins. The weather was all that could be desired, the day baincr beautifully fine. We understand that the erection of this church will be mainly due to the liberality of Mr. Henry Mort, who has contributed the munificent sum of £3000 towards the building. The sacred edifioe will oocupy an elevated position on a large allotment fronting the eastern side of Ocean-street. Standing on the rising ground at the back of the land, the foundation-stone is 14 feet above the level of the street; and when complete the spire of the church 'mil rise to an altitude of 2u0 feet. Its pinnacle will be higher than that of any other church or building in the colony. The position of the church being about equi- distant from St. Mark's at Darling Point on the right front, and St. Matthias' at Paddington on the left front, and a considerable distance from both, it will have a large parish, rapidly increasing in population, in Woollahra. All Saints' Church is to be in the " Geometrical Deco- rated" style, and to consist of nave and aisle, chancel, caoranum, organ chamber, vestries, porches, and tower built of the sandstone of tho neighbourhood. The total outside is to be 160 feet, and the total width outeide ?0 ieet. The nave and its aisles are to be 79 feet long and 64 feet wide ; the chancel and apse, SO feet by 26 feet ; the height of the walls of the clerestory, 36 feet. The tower is to stand at the west end, and open into the nave by a lofty arch. Above is to be a spire of stone, to rise to a height of 185 feet. When complete, the building is to provide seats for 700 persons. At present, it is intended to build only the ?mm® J?'* k®** nave, to afford aocommsdation for general appearance of the designs Bhows a trauaing resembling St. Philip's, except that there is a spire instead of a tower. Mr. E. T. Blacket is the archi tect, and Messrs. Kirkham and Slater are the builders. J~ extract price for the first portion of the building amounts to about £5000. Towards this, as we have said, laiA Mort has contributed £3000. The sum of £436 was SolL HP°n 'ie foundation etone as voluntary offerings on caturday. _ Some ot the fittings of the church have also *een furnished. The Eev. H. W. Mort, son of Mr. H. «. to be the minister. The church is expected to be unea occupation in twelve months. ^oniony the Bishop, with many of the ..Si a diocese and the choir of St. Mark's Church, seinbledat the 'Woollahra Council Chambers. Having v they walked in procession to the site * JS? _ urcl1 .immediately opposite, and took up their Entii??8 Iiear foundation-stone. Among the congrega a; *^o stood around were Sir Alfred and Lady Stephen, u.J' uhain and Lady Manning, Mrs. Barker, Mr. H. C«,™^\?£ward Knox» Mr. T. S. Mort ; the Hon. J. a ? 1116 Hon- A. Campbell, M.L.C. ; the .B& M*L C- ' 4116 Hoa- J- G- L. Innes, Attoraey Bnr-.o« ' ¥*? Watson, M.L.A. ; Mr. Benjamin W. G. Laidley, Mr. H. E. A. Allan, Mr. Mr 1 Mr. Christopher Rolleston, Mr. M. E. Murnin, T- Bucket, Mr. P. N. Trebeck, Mr. £. W. E mS* ¥*? M- H- Stephen, Mr. W. W. Stephen, Mr. Mr. C. J. Manning, Mr. J. Plummer, the nunilJv^f ®®Uoway, Mr. J . E. Street. There was a large ?jw of ladies in the assemblage, side w^° officiated in the ceremony by the j-;„v Bishop were the Revs. Canon Stephen and Kevs. Messrs. H. W. Mort, T. Kemmis, S. £ &SS;C'B,TCave- ^ Elder, T.Hayden, T. Unwin,E. V ®anuert W. J. Gunther, T. Horton, E. SvnSni V;,. ' Moreton, Wood, and the Revs. Messrs. lev i11 (°f Queensland), J. C. Oorlette, and Stan TWr; v 0 ^resen* in the congregation. nithop and clergy having entered the enclosure, the service began shortly after 3 o'clock by the singing of the hymn, ' The Church's one foundation,' the choir being led by the organist, Mr. C. H. Wood. Several prayers were then offered, after which the 132nd Pea'm was chanted, j The lesson from 1 CorinthianB iii. to verse xviii., was read by the Rev. T. Kemmis. A prayer and several collects were read, when the hymn was sung beginning, ' Who are these like stars appearing.' Mr. Edward Knox then stepped forward, and read the following from a scroll, ' Woollahra, to the glory of God, and in praise of all saints, the fonndation stone of this church was laid by the Bight Rev. Frederic Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan ot New South Wales, and Primate of Australia and Tasmania, on the 15th day of August, in the year of our Lord 1874, being the 38th year of the reign of her Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland. Trustees Henry Mort, Edward Knox, William George Lindley, Esqs. Architect — E. T. Blacket. Builders — R. Kirkham and W. Slater. The scroll was then placed in a bottle, which was deposited by Mr. Knox within the cavity beneath the stone. A handsome silver trowel and myall wood mallet, from the atelier of Messrs. Flavelle, Brothers, and bearing appropriate inscriptions, were pre sented to the Bishop. He then proceeded to lay the etone, pronouncing these words, ' I lay this as the foundation . stone of a church to be built in this place, to be nimed 4 All Saints' Church,' in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The hymn was then sung beginning, ' Christ is our comer stone,' and some other prayers were offered. The Bishop of Sydney then addressed the congregation as follows:— My dear friends, my reverend brethren of the clergy, and my dear Christian friends of the laity, — It is with great satisfaction that I am permitted to address a few words to you on this very deeply interesting occasion. Although the frequency of these occasions might possibly have led ue to expect some diminution in the interest dis played at the time of laying the first stone of a church, yet no one can seriously contemplate all that is done in a transaction which brings us eo near to God, and which is fraught with so many and important consequences, without being deeply touched. He must feel that in a matter of this nature it is for eternity and for immortal souls, for the honour of God, for the extension of the Redeemer's kingdom that we are met together this day. And, more over, it does commonly happen that there are some peculiar drcum stances attending these occasions whioh make them of more than ordinary interest, to some, at least — the immediate friends and relations of him who is to be the pastor, and all who take an interest in the promotion of the Redeemer's kingdom in oonnection with our beloved Church. At all events we do right to hallow this occasion by that expression of our dependence upon God, and our desire for the Divine favour which is the true meaning of our prayer and of our praise. We are met to-day to lay the first stone of a new church. I have said that this is not an uncommon event amongst us. Nevertheless, I add again, tLat he who reflects that in connection with this event there is all the responsibility and anxiety of the Christian ministry, will feel deeply moved, will feel that upon the character of this ministry, doubtless, the future well-being of immortal souls does very greatly depend. I am myself, in the contemplation of that ministry, often overwhelmed and tempted to ask with the apostle ' whe j is sufficient for these things ? '. And I can well imagine j that my dear young friend, who is here to-day the most J deeply interested -speqtator on this occasion, when he i considers all the responsibility that conies upon him, may say as Jacob did, as he awoke to consciousness that he had been in the very presence of Jehovah, ' how dreadful is this place.' How fearfully, how full of holy awe and j reverence, should we not approach a transaction of this , character when we remember that the destinies of un- 'j numbered persons will be more or less affected by the ] consequence of the service ef this day. Well, therefore, ] nay we pray, as we bave prayed) that tbe Spirit whioh rested upon the Apo.-Ales of old, the bpirit of holiness and fidelity, the spirit of knowledge and of love, and the spirit of holy union which should connect all the saints of God together, may rest upon him and upon the church of which he is pastor, and the congregation which will be assembled within these walls. Assuredly whilst we pray that God may thus bless us, it becomcs us thus to give thanks to Him — it becomes us to offer praisei to Him, especially that He has put it into the hearts of His faithful people in this colony to erect a house of prayer to His honour, and to build a place to God where the pure word shall be faith fully preached, and the sacraments duly administered. There are many paintui contrasts not far from U9. I was reading only to-day an account which a clergyman gives us with respect to his reception in Noumea in New Caledonia, whither he had proceeded in the expectation that the English residents might probably welcome his services as a pastor of their own Church, and provide him with a suitable maintenance. The record of his brief visit there is in many respects most painful. Disappointment he met with which had been foretold by one of his prudent coun sellors. But the condition of society whioh he describes— the utter moral degradation into which the colony has sunk, and which is rapidly embracing within its dread grasp the English residents there— is most painful to read of and to dwell upon— an island V Where every prospect pleases, And only man is vile,' aid very vile. I say that we have great reason to bless God that he has put it into the hearts of his servants to permit us to take part in such a service as the one in which we are now engaged. This is the last day of the week ; and this is the thud time this week that I have been engaged in a service of a somewhat similar character. _ On the first day of the week I opened the church at Gerringong, which was built in substitution of a wooden structure that was destroyed by a hush fire. It is a substantial stone building, and 1 need scarcely say that its character is creditable, because the design was furnished by our excellent friend of excellent taste, Mr. Blacket, and it was given gratuitously. On the occasion of the opening the congregation was so large that it had to assemble without the walls of the church ; and I understand from my friend _ Mr. Barnier, who was there at a weekday service, that a still larger assemblage appeared around its walls on Wednesday last. Many of those who are present to-day contributed towards that building, for the pastor waB often fain to solicit the help of friends in Sydney; and he did not solicit in vain. In the middle of the week I was invited to preside at a parochial meeting, the object of which was to provide free and enlarged accom modation in the somewhat ancient church of St. Peter's, Cook's River. That church was, for all its past purposes, one of suitable design ; but it does not, at present, offer to a spectator or worshipper a very decorous appearance. It has a number of square pews. _ It Baid, in its dignity, as it were, to the wave of population that was approaching it — ' Thus far shall thou come, and no further.' But the population came, and the pastor, assisted by his congrega tion, is providing additional and free accommodation for the people of Ms charge. At a meeting which was held for the purpose, one-half the cost was subscribed in the room. This is the third occasion, and I need not say that it is not the least interesting of the three — the commencement of the building of a new_ church, to supply the apparent and obvious necessities of an increasing population. I have already said that on this occasion there are circumstances which give special interest to the cere mony. Assuredly, in this colony, the times with respect to church building are reaching a new era. They have very greatly changed since the days of Government aid ? Government work — since the days when, under the first chaplain, Mr. Johnson, the Government servants were com pelled to build a church, which they afterwards set fire to in order that they might not be compelled to worship in it How tiiv Tolwrtuy aty that ww given M eapene^ Government assistance which for znany years was larg^'y granted. For the last twenty yean not (me single penny of Government money has been given towards the erection of a new church. And yet I am within the mark when I say that within those twenty years 200 churches have been built in that part of the oolony of . New South Wales which comprises the dioceses of Sydney, Goulburn, and Bathnrat. Then, again, we have comie -to this point; . A new principle appears amongst us in the erection of this church— and it is one that has the sanction of custom and legislation— namely, the erection of a church by a private individual having some personal interest in the matter — but that personal interest so directed as that it shall serve tbe greatest and highest purposes for which a church can be built. The lordof the manor in England, building and endowing the church, has the advowson. The law of England gives to trustees who build, and to a certain extent endowed a church, the right ®f presentation. It may be for ever or for a limited term, or for a number of lives. We have adopted that principle ; and on thiB occasion, in conformity with the law of the Church of England in this colony, as laid down by our own dioceBan t-ynod, the presentation is given to him who does practically build this church by providing by much the largest portion of that which is necessary towards its erection. 1 say this marks a new era in our church building. A third generation has succeeded to the two that have passed. And to one of that third generation this inheritance of a church is offored. I fervently pray that it will be regarded by him and by all who in the course of ages may succeed him, as a trust— as a trust given tohim by Cwt — held by him in tbe cause of Christ and for the salvation of immortal souls, through the preaching of that Word that maketh wise unto salvation through Je»us Christ. I hope also that both he, and any who may succeed him, will receive it as a trust in connection with the Church of England. That Church is passing through some trials, and may possibly be engaged in some conflict. But hap pily in this colony we live been preserved from divisions and dissensions— none at least that mutual understanding and forbearance did not enable us to overcome and outlive. It has been my earnest desire in the government of the Church in this colony to preserve purity and peace. For | thirty years of my ministerial life I enjoyed the friendship and the confidence of one who, when the history of the Church of England is fully written, will be recorded as [ .one of the best and wisest of our prelates — Archbishop Sumner. Upon his appointment to the primacy of all England, her Majesty was pleased to say, as he presented himself to do homage, that his appoint mtnt had been made for the sake of the peace of the Church. In the spirit in which he ministered and ruled it haB been my earnest desire to .minister to the Church in this colony, and to rule with the authority of a shepherd and pastor amongst my clergy. And I would repeat here what I have already said on a more formal occasion, that it is my earnest hope and desire thit we shall have preserved amongst us that pnre and simple form of ritual which has been the custom of the Church in this diocese. And I say this becauso it is obvious to all that we are not likely to err on the side of defect. The danger is rather that of excess in matters of ritual. The taste and tone of the public and of the ecclesiastical mind have been towards ornamentation, towards the increase of musical services, and towards all that externally gratifies the sesthetical taste of some. And I am afraid it is occasionally forgotten that such gratifica tion is accompanied with pain to others ; and that although it may be to those who enjoy that kind of service devo tional, yet to others it must be the reverse, if indeed it is not diBtasteful to them. I ask therefore of God continually, and 1 ask my dear young friend, the future minister of this church, to join with me, and with the clergy around us, who are of one mind with me upon this subject, in endeavouring to preserve amongst us that pure and spiri tual worship which it should be the object of everyone who ministers in the congregation to lead, to strengthen, and to quicken. I pray that there may ever be hearty, earnest services here, and that they m«y be the services of the con gregation, understood by them, joined in by them, and thus that the worship of the whole congregation shall be with the understanding and with the spirit. I pray that, what ever may be the ordinances administered here, the same blessed spirit of God, whose aid we invoke, may rest upon him and upon them : and that the word of Christ from his lipB may be so fully and faithfully proclaimed that here after he shall be able to present as his crown of rejoicing, his true glory, those who have been called out of unheli ness, and out of sin to the holy happy service of the heavehly Redeemer. I feel bound to add that the very 1-irge portion contributed towards building this church by Mr. Mort will not by any means be found suflicient to accomplish all that is desired. He concluded by stating that Mr. Edward Knox, the honorary treasurer, would be happy to receive contributions towards the building fund. The choir and congregation sang very effectively the hymn commencing ' Onward Christian soldiers,' and the service was concluded with the benediction. A Practical Joke No Joke. — An amnsing instance of the ' biter bitten ' is recorded by the Tomut correspondent of the Gundagai Times :— One night in June last, one James Madigan, in company with some other person, went to the residence of Dr. Windrum, called him out of bed, and informed him that the Rev. Mr. Jones, the minister of the Church of England, was seriously ill and immediately required his professional services. Madigan then decamped, and the doctor proceeded to the parsonage, but when he arrived there he found the place enveloped in darkness, and concluding that a practical joke had been played upon him, he returned home to rest. He afterwards applied to Madigan for his fee, which was refused, and he then brought an action against him to recover the Bum of £1 Is. for professional attendance. The case was clearly proved, and the defendant was mulct in the sum of £1 16s. for professional services and costs of Ceurt, which, we should think, will assist materially in preventing him from practising any such foolish practical jokes in future, and also be a warning to others. The Bench, in giving a verdict for the plaintiff, tendered some wholesome advice to the defendant, which probably he will remember for a very long period. A Kangaroo attacked by Eagle Hawks. — The Queenslander states that an interesting scene of eagle hawks attacking a young kangaroo was witnessed on the Downs recently. Emerging from the bed of a creek, the spectator observed, at the distance of a hundred yards or so, several eagle hawks fluttering from the lower branches of the trees to the ground in an excited sort of way, and soon discovered that they were busy around something which was in motion. CautiouBly approaching nearer, the object of their attention turned out to be a young kangaroo — a joey about nine months old. Some half-a-dozen eagle hawks were on the ground beside him, ever and anon making feints of attacking with their beaks. Others were seated on the branches just over head, now and then sailing off and 6wooping past, brushing him with their wings. Their object shortly appeared, as he was soared into flight, when a hot pursuit at onoe commenced. The hawks appeared to prefer attacking their intended prey while in motion, as they wheeled overhead and made swooping dashes at him, beating hiB head with their pinions, and clawing at him as they darted by. A very short course of this work satisfied the kangaroo, which soon came to a halt at the foot «f a tree, the eagle hawks settling beside and over him as before. They now appeared to have disoovered the presence of the human intruder, and an evident scout, after a few preliminary circlingB, came sailing directly towards him, while numbers hitherto un seen arose in the air from the trees around. On his cautiously approaching the kangaroo he counted no less than nineteen eagle hawks at one time, but by the time he tmfl got near the prey only two or three remained on view, the rest having sailed away out of sight. The joey appeared stupified, probably with the buffeting he had got, ana took no notice of the approach of the observer within two or three yards. A little time, however, seemed to clear his faculties eomowhat, and he hopped away vigor ously for a hundred yards or so. As soon as he put himself in motion, the eagle hawks at hand recommenced their tac tics ef pursuit, and others began to appear as specks in th© sky, rapidly making their way afresh to the scene of action. When last seen, poor joey was crouching hopelessly beside * the bole of a tree, with his persecutors gathered around Un as at first. He had received little apparent damage. No wound was noticed, but the fur was stripped from one small patch on his back. The plan of the eagle hawks was evi dently a patient, intermittent attack till they should have exhausted the strength of their victim, when their beaka would coon tear hie life out, ALL SAINTS' CHURCH, WOOLLAHRA. 