LEN'NARD BLAIR. BY JAMES GRANT. OCHAPTER XXX. -IN the happiness that awaited him after Mr. Vere's .departure, Lennard's compunctions for the sudden sale of his old place were .soothed, or almost forgotten. Mr. Vero had gone for a doubtful time. Travice Oleat wood was absent, none knew precisely where; visitors who had been expected at Blairavon wore sending apologies; and thus Lennard Blair and Hesbia were left entirely to themselves. Hesbis, who felt bored in the great old house, had proposed to have several guests for a few weeks before return ing to Liverpool. "Poor, widowed Lady Foster and her little boy Frank," of course, and some of the married officers from the nearest barrack, and their wives, whom Flora.Cheyne would help her to entertain; but the issue of these invitations, even for the short period proposed, Mr. Vero had, for the first time, forbidden, hinting at the ne cessity of retrenchment, much to the aston ishment of Hesbia, and it would have beeoon to her intense disgust had she not had Len nard Blair with whgm to fill up her spare time. "But retrenchment," she would repeat; "why, what on earth can papa mean ? " " He has perhaps a husband -in view for you," said Flora Cheyne, laughing. "A husband for me! Well, Isuppose something of the kind is necessary in the :end-to marry and to pay one's debts; but •I can always get one without papa's aid, I hope." Heebia was past girlhood in experience .certainly, but would a time ever come when the vague but bright dreams of that happy period-if the flirt ever had them-with all the secret thoughts and emotions inspired by love would be absorbed and interwoven with her maturer state of existence? -Some of the county ladies- " awfully county ladies," as Hesbia called them, shrugged their shoulders and lifted up their eyes in protest and astonishment at her .being left alone in the great house without a matron. Hesbia had somewhere an aunt whom she might have invited; but she was -at variance with the spinster in question, and would brook no control; so she was thus, and from the other contingencies alone, and for a brief period, her own mis .tress. The censorious resented this, and re marked-" her only companions were the .Cheynes-and they are motherless girls," added the less good-natured.' -::The evening of the second day after Mr. Vere had gone, saw Heshia and Leonnard seated in the beautiful little boudoir which opened off the great drawing-room at Blair avon. He had arrived to escort her to the -Haughe, as she preferred walking, the even ing was so fine, and the carriage would come for her after supper; and now she was attired in one of her most accurate toilettes, for with Hesbia her gloves, cuffs, skirts, and anything, even to her brass-heeled Balmo rals, were each and all a careful study that made a charming but certainly showy whole; and as she felt assured that the fustrated meeting at the stile would be recurred to, and that the conversation might certainly take a very remarkable turn, there was something almost of nervousness imparted to her usually very nonchalant bearing. .'"Lennard though he had never seen her looking so brilliant and handsome, for there was a flush on her cheek, and a coquettish smile in her bright hnzel eyes; but he felt a secret emotion of intense annoyance, for while hat in hand, awaiting her appearance in:the drawing-room, he found no less than two envelopes addressed to her in the hand writing of Sir Cullender Orowdy. They had been posted from London within a week, and lay tossed carelessly among stray cartes de visite, invitation notes, and other litter in the card-basket. What had been the con tents or purportof those two letters, written within a week of each other, as the post marks showed ? and what had been her answers ? \- Lennard had observed that whenever he spoke warningly or slightingly-*which he always did with reluctance-of this dubious personage that she invariably evaded to re ply to, or skilfully changed the subject. Well-this might be natural enough, as he was involved in several private schemes and speculations with her father. Re shrunk from speaking of him now. They were setting forth considerably before the hour in which they were due by invitation at the Haughs, and Lennard had promised himself a delightful and critical interview, the me mory of which might never be forgotten. S"How silent and empty the old house seems now," said he, as they issued from the conservatory-door into the sunny lawn. "But while you are at Oakwoodlee, I shall not weary so much as I should have done had you gone with papa.". "You flatter me," said he, as he lightly touched her arm, forher reply was encourag ing. "I never do so, Mr. Blair; but ennui I may feel nevertheless-one can't read novels for ever, and even Mudie's box ere long be comes a profound bore. A girl at school, I used to count the days till vacation-time ; so here, I have been wont to count the days as if they were those of exile." "Exile-Miss Vere?" "Yes-you know I always hate the oountry." "' Why? " S"It bores me by its intense monotony. I am never so happy here as when I have friends with me from home-I mean, of course, from Liverpool, for then we have so many topics in common to talk of-faces and places we know; houses we mutually visit; our partners at the last ball; the last con cert; who are engaged and who jilted. But when summer is past, to be left as I am just now in an evening by my dressing-room fire, with my back-hsaii loose, listening to the broken English of Savonetto, staring at the embers while the wind sighs round that great, gloomy old house, is dreary indeed. But I crave your pardon-I quite forgot that the gloomy old house was once yours." While she had been running on thus, Lennard had drawn her arm through his, retaining her hand for a time with a tender and lingering pressure, as he looked into her eyes, while their footsteps were bent, in voluntarily as it seemed, towards a secluded part of the lawn, where a narrow pathway threaded the copsewood. "You were at the stile, Heebia, on that fatal evening when-when-" Lennard began. "You suffered sb fearfully ?-yes; I kept our-our appointment," she replied in faint voice. "You had something particular to tell me ?" " What I had to tell you then, I search my heart in vain for fitting words to tell you now." Leonard paused, for his emotion was deep, and never before had been a more fitting opportunity to bring matters to a crisis with Hesbia, who fully expected what shie was to hear, for she leaned heavily on tis arm, over which her tightly- gloved hands were clasped, while she looked up into his eyes with a half timid but wholly loving expression, and then, blushing, drooped her eyelids. Then as doubt gave way to certainty that she loved him-loved him at last-there came a rush of rapture over every nerve and fibre of Lennard's frame-a wild careering of the blood through all his pulses, and he grow giddy with joy as he pressed her to his breast, and showered unresisted kisses on her brow, and eyes, and lips-on her hair and on her hands, while he poured into her ears the old, old story that was first whis pered among the roses that bloomed inEden. For a time they lingered in the shady wood, hand in hand, with eyes bent lovingly on eyes. In those of Hesbia there could be read a kind of expression which seemed to announce that she was overcome, conquered. at last, but did not quite like to own it; after a time even that idea appeared to pass away, and love only lit them up-those beautiful, arch, and winning eyes. Hesbia Vere had been a flirt all her life, and when flirts are really stricken with the tender passion, they are said to suffer more than quieter girls. Be that as it may, Res bia reclined with her face on Lennard's breast, completely overcome for a time, while lie, between intervals of silence-mute elo quonce indeed-uttered broken sentences expressive of the love he had ever treasured for her in his heart, and told of the compa rative poverty that had fettered his tongue, that he knew her father's alleged colossal wealth, and suspected his ambitious desires and views regarding her future ; but that to withstand the passion that preyed upon him was impossible; and alike was it impossible for him to leave home for a vague period, perhaps for over, without the avowal which he now made; and much more to the same purpose said Lennard, with pauses between \- pauses that were filled up very pleasantly however. Oumpared with his deep, full, passionate earnestness now, how strange and heartless seemed the half bantering style he had used in times past at Liverpool, and which we can only describe as a dangler's fashion of making game when he dared not make love to Hesbia! All that was over and gone; they seemed to know and understand each other fully now; and as they progressed through the coppice, solemn and tender vows weore inter changed under the grand old trees which had heard the same love whispers from buried generations of men and women-for the summers of many centuries had seen the foliage bloom on the slopes of Blairavon the same Blairavon that might once again be Lennard's home; for did not its mistress love him, had she not accepted his love? So he might yet die under the same roof where he had first seen the light. It was a great triumph, slowly, but successfully and most unseltishly brought to pass ! In the delight of the time he forgot all about lands or wealth ; he remembered only thrit he war with Hesbia, and that she loved him-loved him at last. It was a soft evening in autumn, among the earliest of August; the rich harvest fields of West Lothian were laden with bearded grain that waved beneath the wind like the billows of a golden sea. No sound was near the loitering lovers but the voices of the birds and the rustle of the leaves, while the amber sunset poured aslant be tween the branches of a long forest vista, which was terminated in the distance by the picturesque little village of Blairavon, its red-tiled cottages with whitewashed walls peoeping through masses of brilliant green ery, and clustering round the steep knoll that was crowned by the parish church. Was it any wonder that hours passed on while the shadows of mountain and wood deepened and lengthened, that the last rays of sunlight faded from the highest hill top, and darkness crept upward from the low places of the landscape, and that the invita tion to the Haughs was forgotten, or re membered suddenly, only to be considered a dreadful bore ? But the tumult of their thoughts had to be stifled, their glances to be studied, and faces modelled to an air of well-bred indiffer ence, and all their nerves to be sclmed down and attuned to spend a quiet evening-after making shallow apologies of mistaking the way, or the time--in a quiet family circle, to endure the dawdling by the piano, a stupid and silent rubber at whist, or Mr. Cheyne dis cussing the points of his bhnters, and the prospects of the grouse and blackcock shoot ing-while their minds woere full of all that hied passed in yonder greenwood shade, where the dew and darkness now lay deep on flower and tree. Slowly passed the evening; but the butler announced " Miss Vero's carriage" in due time, and again the lovers were alone. The harvest-moon was shedding a flood of yellow light over all the scenery now; the spreading oaks that bordered the way seemned in the dew as if gemmed with crystals; the groeat green hills towered into the blue sky in silence and distance far away; but Lennard and IHesbia took heed neither of the scenery nor of the time. Hanrd in hand, and cheek to cheek, they sat whispering a renewal of their vows sgain and again, while' the softly cushioned and well-hung carriage rolled on; and they were only roused from their delicious trance by the valet banging down the steps and opening the door-most startling and uniwelcome sounds to them. Hesbiil set down Lennard at the wicket in the hedge that led to Oikkwoodlee, and then he lingered in the moonlight till the last sound of her carriager.wheels had died away; and she was driven home to ponder over all he had said, over all she had pro mised, and to convince herself that she was irrevocably in love, and engaged faithfully at last ! HIow intolerably lonely, dark, silent, and ghostly the old horuse eemored to-night; but lthat period would soon pass, and sihe knew wIhere and wiean she was to meet Leaouard again on the morrow. CIIAPTR XXXI. i "Some one has written that 'every exist ence is prosaic;' but surely oura here is not so, Hesbia," said Lennard, "here in this ovely country, amnng thnse green woods, where we may wandor at will, and build our airy castles fashioned out of daydreams, and made radiant within by love-- the old fabrice that cost so little-and yet, at times, so much." "Yes; if never realized !" replied lHea bia, sighing. They were again in the autnmn woods, rambling hand in hand, and talking in soft whispers of thermelves and their feture. It was impossible to shut their eyes to the faot that no small amoant of tact and diplomacy would be requisite to undermine the influence of the baronet and others perhaps. Though such fears came as an alloy to their happi ness, neither as yet gave them utterance ; and they strove to dream on, and salter thlemsnlves to glide on the current to which they had committed their fate. Yet it was strange and sad, and terrible to think that they were communing there under the old oak tree, their fales flushed in the evening sunshino-alone in that beautiful solitude-Hesbia's tears of joy falling on Lennard's cheek as they reclined against each other lovingly, their lips meeting ever and anon, his hand pressing hers to his breast, or straying with fatuous fondness among the soft tresses of her rich brown hair, and saill for all that, they might be governed by influence bh yond themselves, and a day might come when they would be nought unto each other, when they would separate and pass through life perhaps as strangers I This secret dread made Leonard clhng more to Hesbia, and feel more anxious about the sequel of their new position. They were engaged now; it was the joyous period of looking forward to greater and more Iastingjoy, yet it had that alloy already men tioned, and Lennard at times felt bonscious that he might as easily make the river Avon run up a hill as win the consent of Mr. V're; and yet with Heshia he was as successful as tile most enthusiastic lover could desire. Was it possible that there was a hidden virtue in the proprietary of the Charter Steon, after all ? Laughinginn his joy as hie asked himself the quletion, it almost seemed as if its reten tion was a tIedge from destiny, that with Heabia he might yet regain all bis family-had lost I Though somewhat artificial by nature and edtoarion, it was difficllt for Hesbia Vere to wander with Lennard Blair over the grounds that had once belonged to his family and now to hers, and without interest to listen to his voice, which wns a very winning ono, as he rold her of the legends and suaperstitions memories that haunted each local feature, such as usually hover alout every rook and wood, mondlith and tumulus in Scotland. There were the old green mounds of tihe Roman camp at Kaims, where three heautifrul women attired in green, with golden hair and glittering girdles, met some hunters, who, after a long day's sport in Srrathbroo, the ad jacent valley of Badgers, had slain.a bunk and were merrily preparing a supper in tihe woods. The fair visitors shared their wine and venison, and spent what seemed a night in gaiety and dancing in the moonbeams; but when morning came and they snddenly dis. appeared, a year and a day were found to have elapsed-a year and a day in Fairyland; the bones of the book, bleached white and bare, lay deep among the rich grass aud the leaves of lest autumn. The doublets of the bewildered huntsmen were tattered and rotten; their boots mouldy, end their knives and arquebusses were each a mass of rust; and like he of the Sliepy Hollow, they had each a long heard,while more than one stately tree that had spread its branches over their rustic fete, lay prostrate with age and rotting in the mountain burn. And weird and strange were other stories that Elsie could tell of the old silvermine in the Bathgate hills, where ancient miner- squat little men with conical red caps and beards that hung below their knees-worked a' nights in the ancient levels, and minted un counted coin; of kelpies who lured belated travellers, and witches whose spells wrought evil to their enemies; of Ringy Rattles, the oaain-fiend; of ghost-haunted hotses; of voices that carns from the old dule-tree of Blairavon, and little people in green that were wont to dance in the ring that was trace able round the Charter Stone. On yonder bill was the ruin of a hut wherein Steinie's father had found an old woman-a reputed witch-labouring in vain to extract from her leog a bullet he had fired at what he conceived to be a mountain-hare flitting past him. Nor was the house of Blairavon without a ghostly tenant, for it had been said at times that the figure of a tall young man wearing the costume of George II's reign--the little triangular cooked hat and powdered bobwig, the heavily-cuffed coat aind small sword-was seen, in the evening generally of the let of May, to linger among the trees of the avenue; but his form, which was always distinct at a distance, gradually faded out or melted away on the appronae of the bewildered spectator. Even the railway whistle had failed to scare away this un pleasant personage, who was averred to be a Cheyne of the Ftanghs, who, on the occasion wuen Admiral Vernon took Portobello, had greatly distinguished himself there, and led a body of seamen and mariners in the attack on the Iron COr tle. 'Theroe h slow, swrrd in hand, a Spanish cavalier of prodigious stature, whom previously he had thrice encountered on the high seas, ard thrice fought withlout avail till the muzzles of their lower deck guns were in the water. Orn hirs return, laden with Spaiinish doubloons, Captarin Oheyne was married "to Mrs. Betty Blair, spinstaer, with a fortune of £10,000," as the Oalediolnian Mercury records, according to the fashion of the times. " Married; but there the alliance ended, ere it was well begun;" said Lennard, when he told his story to Hehbia; "for on their wedding-dtay, when dinner was served up in the great dining- room, and all wore making merry in the presence of the bride and bridegroom (for it was not the custom then for the newly-wedded to run off per rail to hide their blushes and their whereabouts), a servant entered and whispered to Captain Ohoyneo that a goutleman was awaiting him below, one who craved ar audience. "'A gentleman-at this time!' exclaimed the captain. " ' it oreignar-a seaman apparently,' thle servant said; ' very tall and very dark complexioned, wearing a peculiar dress, and having a half-healed wound in his "'Show him in, and sot a chair and cover for him at the table.' "But the servant said that the stranger I declined to enter the house, and was waiting in the enti-ance-hall. On hearing all this, the captain changed colour visibly; and though a jovial, ranting, roaring British seaman, who took his grog always double shotted, with two glasses instead of one, appeared sorely disconcerted ; but he kissed his bride's hand, excused himself to the company, and descended to the front door, through which he was seen to pass, and thence slowly down the avenue in close and earnest, some said angry, conversation with the dark stranger, who wore a Spanish doublot and toledo of enormous length. An hour elapsed and he did not return; two hours succeeded, and his friends began to look blankly and inquiringly into each other's faces, for fears of a duel or other outrage began to suggest themselves. The bride be. came terrified, and her apprehensions soon developed those of the wedding guests, for evening was now at hand. " With lighted torches, armed with swords and pistols, and accompanied by dogs, they sallied forth to bheat the woods and search the grounds, for at the lodge-gate the keeper affirmed that no one had passed forth from the avenue that day; but the woods were beaten and the fields were searched in vain, for of Captain ChOyne not a trace was ever found. Years rolled on, and though the bride lived to see the days of Waterloo, she never heard tidings of the handsome young husband, who was so mysteriously borne away, as it was thought, by the unquiet spirit of the Spaniard whom he had slain at the storming of Portobello. "Is it not strange, Hesbia (and you will smile when I say so), that Beltane day, as we call it, has been an unlucky epoch for our family, and so we have never been with out our fears or superstitions concerning it. On that day my grandfather sank under the wounds he had received long before at Villiers-on-Orouche; on that day, as you know, my father died; and on that day my uncle Leonard was drowned in yonder loch." " Good heavens, you are most unlucky and mysterious people," said Hesbia, laugh ing; " and one must be courageous indeed to marry among you!" Even while suffering from his lameness, which was gradually passing away (after his "accident," as he named it), and though the future was involved in clouds, how rosy seemed the life of sweet intimacy he was leading now with Heshia Vere I "Papa has yet to be told," she would say, thoughtfully, from time to time; and who was to take courage and do it? Lennard or herself. 0, it must be Leonard, of course. How she wished it all over, and that she knew the best or the worst. There would be a storm, and assuredly she dreaded it, for Hesbia, to do her justice, both loved and feared her only parent, though she knew that he was grasping and selfish to the last degree. They had arranged all their programme for the future; that, on returning to Liver pool, Lennard was to trust in Heaven and his own eloquence for moving her father's heart and gaining his consent; and that per haps ere winter they should be married-even the day was vaguely hinted at-on his re turn from South America. Travice was still absent, and now was the favourable opportunity for searching his rooms and obtaining, if possible, distinct trace of the crime he had committed; and, moreover, in their moments of tender con fidence, occasions were not wanting to Len nard for mentioning his strong suspicions to Hesbia; but she looked so bright and beau tiful, and they were so happy, that he was loth to cast a blight over her by wounding her self-esteem and making her blush yet more for so near a kinsman, and Feverley approved of his silence; so the days passed on, and Lennard never told her how nearly he had died by the hand of Travice Cheat wood. He had written to Mr. Dabohick, thanking him for the information, or hint, so warily conveyed in his letter, adding that he meant to act upon it when a fitting period came; at the same time he begged the lawyer for the seke of the Versa to say nothing of what he suspected-a useless request perhaps, so far as the instinctively and professionally wary little man was con cerned. And so, before other events began to transpire, a whole week had slipped away -a week which we can only describe as being one of joy. OLmAPTEI XXXII. From their pleasant dreams they were aroused to the necessity for action, when letters came from Mr. Vere. "Dearest Leonard, our week of joy-as you name it- is fairly over now, and we must return to the realities of our former existence," said'Hesbia one evening, as he met her at the accustomed trysting- place, the stile on the path to Craigellon. "By a letter I have just received from papa, it ap pears that my cousin Travice will arrive here to-night or to- morrow to take me with him to Liverpool. Blairavon is to be immedi ately shut up, and the.plate counted; the drawing-room to be given over to brown holland and lavender, to solitude and the spiders. 'Tell Mr. Blair, if you see him,' adds papa, 'that as soon as lie can travel we expect to see him in the alley. Change of air, even to this place, will completely restore him.' " Lennard was grieved, but not much startled, as he had daily expocted some such summons; to Liverpool he knew they must inevitably return era their ultimate fate was deolded. It would be but the beginning of an end, and better oommence it to- morrow than at a later period. He was nearly well and strong enough to accompany her; but in the society of 'Travice Oheawood-seven for the brief period of a railway journey- that was not to be tolerated, or even thought of. "OCheatwood here again !" hlie muttered, while his brows became Iknit and his eyes sparkled, for there was no time to be lost in getting into his rooms at the manor-house, and maklting a search there for anything that might corroborate the suspicions caused by thie hint fronm Mr. Dabchick. "Again ?" repeated Hesbia, looking up at him archly from under hier hat and feathers; " and why not again, Lsnnard ? You are surely not jealous of poor Tra vite?" "I am jealous of no one now, Hesbia," i he replied, caressingly. "YYou lhad a quarrel about cards or some thing, I know; but all that was made up, was it not ?" " It was pardoned, Kesbia-not forgot Sten; btbt he, to be hero once more i " " Do not be angry with my cousin," urged Heobia, passing a hand caressingly round Lennurd's arm; " tho poor fellow is only his own enemy-a species of rolling atone that gathers no moss." " And no he eooms to make your father's house his home now ?" "Never when we are in Liverpool, but temporarily while we are in the country. At present he has no other home." "And seeoom incapable of making him self one, or of gaining reputable friends either." "You are very severe, Lennard," said Hesbia, demurely; " and did I not love you very much, I should quarrel with you now-" " Qiarrol about him ? " "Yea, about anything; that I might have the pleasure of making it up again with you." "Liston to me, Hesbia," said Leonard, taking both her hands in his-tightly and softly gloved little hands they were-and gazing into her face with a tenderness and an earnestness that were not unmixed with anger concerning the secret he had kept so long; and then, briefly and rapidly, he told tier of all he had suspected; of the two silent shots ; of the peculiar bullets that had been found in the body of his dog and in his own limb; of the cuff and sleeve-link he had found; together with the important infor mation he had received by a letter-he did not immediately say from whom, nor did she inquire-that Travico Cheatwood posses sed an air-gun (an illegal weapon); and that jealousy, animosity, and dread of a final exposure concerning his foul play at cards had doubtless driven him to use it. They were, as yet, both in ignorance of how Heebia's somewhat outrd but enigmati cal letter had been tampered with, taken from the hands of its custodian, Buttons, read, and so fully understood that it led Travice, on the night in question, to lie in secret like an assassin, waiting for Lennard; but as the latter unfolded all this web, Hesbia could only weep amid all her in dignation and shame (for the conduct of Travicoe inspired both), on finding that her worst suspicione-she had not been without them-were now confirmed and realized ! "And this weapon-the air-gun-is, you say, in his room ?" "Is or was. Certainly, Mr. Dabehick saw it there," replied Lennard, a little dog gedly. " 0," said Heahia, with something of dis dain, " ho was your informant ? " " Why should I conceal it ?-yes." " Come home with me; we shall summon the houseltkeeper and make a search." "Thanks, Heshia-you speak my very wishes; but I fear'our scrutiny may be in vain; your cousin would surely not be such a simple blockhead as to leave openly, or lying about, the means of committing a crime, which filled all the county with wonder, and excited such ia spirit of in quiry." '! Come with me at all events-come with me this instant, and we shall see ! " she ex claimed passionately, as she passed her handkerchief over liher eyes, which sparkled with tears, while her cheek flushed with ex citement; " what will papa say, or think, or do, when he learns that you have suffered all this at our hands-at the hands of one of our family, and suffered it in silence, too! " "It wao for your sake, dearest Heshia." " My darling Leonnard-my dear, good, amiahle pot-I shall love you more than ever! . " But do not distress yourself-all is over now, and I am well again, though I could not exactly vault over a five-barred gate yet; but the good time, even for that, is coming." "And now to examine Travice's rooms," resumed Hosihia, who in her eagerness almost ran till they reached Blairavon House, where the servants, under the diroe tign of the solemn and pompous butler and the bustling housekeeper, were carefully closing and securing windows and shutters, taking up carpets and down curtains and hangings, reversing pictures and shrouding statues, glass shades, and so forth, in linen covers, so that already the great drawing room, when doubly reflected in its opposite mirrors, seemed a long and silent perspective of ghostly grotesqueries. Summoning the housokeepeer, Hesbia de sired to "conduct Mr. Blair to Mr. Cheat wood's rooms, as there was a gun-no, a pipe-a book, or something there which he wished to obtain before they were finally shut up;" and while the domestic curtseyed and withdrew, with Leonard, Hesbia threw aside her hat and gloves, and resolving to make a most accurate search the moment he was gone, seated herself on a sofa in the dismantled drawing-room, and throw open i window, that the evening breeze might cool her flashed cheek, for the aroma of the lavender branches strewn about so plentifully by the housekeeper, was somewhat oppres sive. Her mind was full of exciting thoughts- of grief, of shame, and bitter indignation against Travice, who had sm nearly brought scandal upon her and her father; and these sentiments were not un mixed with a hope that this outrage, if pri vately proved and brought home to the perpetrator, might be successfully used as a lever power, when Lennord urged their suit, and sought a consent to their marriage. All was still in the great mansion; she could hear only the beating of her heart and the hbuzz of the flies in the vast apace of the stately room; and without, in the calm of the evening, all was intensely quiet. No sound brore the stillness but the cawing of the sable rooks in the autumn woods, and the distant clatter of a long train of carts, passing from the mains of Kima, heavily laden withll what she was wont to call her " papa's black diamonds." She was reat loess; shie looked at her watch; ten minutes liad elapsed, and Leonnard had not rejoined lher; what had he found-what was he about-and why lhad shite not gone too? Her ouriosity became too great for endurance, so she hastened towards the rooms which she knew had beeoon assigned to her cousin, traversing a long and antique corridor, through the deeply-ombayed windows of which the sunlight fell in flakes of golden light, while on the lozogo:le panes the leaves of the clustoring ivy, and those of the loftier trees, were rustling with a sound that was dreary enough when heard in the nights of winter. Lennard had not vet left the quarters of his late rival, for now that he wase in them he felt all the awkwardness of hiris position as a stranger, and the impossibility of ful filling the object of his visit, as he dared Snot broeak open lookfa6t plaoes, arid yet where else would that probably be for which he was seeking ? So he followed the house keeper with vogue but restless eyes, as she showed him through Mr. Cheatwood's bed chamber, dressing-room, and bath-closet. How well Leonuard remembered the first, for when in infancy it had been his nursery, and there had he often nestled and cowered in his little crib at night, when the winter blasts rumbled in the great hollow chimneys, and when the hail and ivy leaven clattered on the corridor windows, while he feared the spectres that filled the stories of the servants and the peasantry. Captain Cheyne, per haps, returning from Elfland in his red coat and bob-wig, or Ringy Rattles, the chain fiend, whose red-hot links swooping through the air could overtake and enfold even tihe swiftest horseman; or the kelpie who lured Uncle Lonnard into the loch, and many other desperate hobgoblins unknown to those who live in an atmosphere of gas. Though altered and modernized, it was the same room in many respects, and the massive stone fire-place, with its Scoto-Italian mould ings, was quite unchanged. Its adjuncts and appurtenances were more luxurious and splendid than tastefulor elegant; but pipes of all sorts and sizes, cartoes-d- vieite of opera-dancers, old cards, racing calendars, odd numbers of Punch, Bell's Life, and so forth, littered the mantelpiece and console, while brilliant French crayon heads of some what languid and dishevelled beauties were hung on the walls in slender maplewood frames. "Now, sir, do you see what you want, please-a book or pipe I think Miss Vero said?" urged the housekeeper, who grew somewhat perplexed by the dreamy air of Leonard: lihe had entirely forgot her pre sence, and now that he was actually in the apartments of Travico Oheatwood, continued to survey with a bewildered and irresolute eye the suite of Elizabethan furniture, the elaborate bed with its stately canopy ond hangings of coral-coloured damask, the handsome dwarf and French wardrobes with mirror panels, the cheval glasses which had so often reflected the accurate and fashionable toilettes of the absent desperado, the writing-table-a miracle of carving antd his luxurious easy-chair; but where the deuce was he to look for the air-gun? Not in the chest of drawers or wardrobes, most of which were locked, and which he had no right (though the best of excuses) for opening; and no such implement or weapon was to be soon among the rods, sticks, billiard-cuoes, umbrellas, and hunt ing-whips which littered a corner of the bath-closet. "I see nothing like that which Dabehiek has mentioned in his letter," said he to Hee bia, who now joined them. "I hope to Heaven he may have been mistaken," said she. " He had his own reasons for disliking Travice, apart from the card squabble." And in her anxiety, quite forgetting how much her speech convoyed to Lennard, and that the " reasons" referred to must have been jealousy of Travice when he first came to Blairavon, she proceeded with great energy to pull out and push in several of the drwere which were left unlocked. Some were empty, others' contained some articles of clothing only; but she was nervous, ex cited ; and after tossing them vaguely about, began to survey the apartments with a sharper scrutiny than Lsnnard. " When or bow was this injury done; and so clumsily repaired too.?" sie asked, point ing to a portion of the wainscot skirting of the dressing-closet, which had evidently been roughly removed'and roplacod, and to con coal which the window-hangings had been disposed so awkwardly that her foot caught them. The housekoeepr'ahbook her head; she had never observed the damage before; but a moulded piece of the wainscot, some four feet in length, had evidently been forced off and restored ii a'very :inworkmanlike man ner; and now, all .unused. to excitement, very much was that portly .dame astonished (and such a story it would be to relate in the servants' hall !) when she saw Mr. Lehnnard Blair make a' dash at the wood with the poker, and, after. wrenching it. off, utter a cry of fierce satisfaction ! For there, con coaled by the fluor-skirting of the room, he found the identical object' of his search-a double-barrelled iron tube, the air-gun, with a package of its bullets marked AA on the back of each, conical in form, plugged with wood and precisely like the two in his pocket-book, which we may add exactly suited the bore of thie inner barrel. And that more completoe ovidence might not be wanting, there too Illy the cuff of flue linen .,dged with dark needlework, 'and having two Indian gold coins as a link, exactly cor responding with those found by. Lennard with the frayed fragment in the hedge. In fact Travice, on discovering that the had lost one on that eventful night, had been wary enough to conceal the other with the instru ment of his crime, in the very place where thanks to the sharpness of Heebia's eyo Lennard found them now ! Being ignorant of all this cause for excitement, the house keeper's usually stolid visage seemed to ex pand and grow round with wonder. 'Most fatal proofs ! most fatal proofs I " exclaimed Hesbia, clasping her hands. "So, so-you see now that the ' trail of the serpent' is complete I " " 0, how you have suffered at his bands, my poor, dear Leonnard '' said Hesbia, for getting the housekeeper, whose eyes opened very wide indeed; " how shall we ever con vince my poor deluded papa of the extreme guilt of which his nephew is capable?" " Were the ecoundrel here, face to face with me,"-Leunuard was beginning furi ously, when " Hollo; what's up ! -by Jove !" exclaimed a voice close by, and they found themoselves confronted by Travice Oheatwood, whom an imprecation escaped, sworn bitterly and huskily through his clenched teeth. At his back stood Mademoiselle Savonette, whom a laudable curiosity bad drawn hither, her dark French eyes glittering with gratified malice, for she especially disliked him, and seemed to take in the whole situa tion. Ho was looking very pale, and hIis attire was in disorder; ie was minus hat and gloves; his cravat and collar were torn and awry, nod his whole appearance bore the stronigest traces of his having been on gaged is a recent souffi. Yet though a strange expression of spite and rage mingled ' with that of terror in his asallow face resider ing his green eyes almost white, he mustered courage to say, " What is the moeainng of all tllis, Hesbia; and why the 'devil do I find this fellow in my room, and knooking Smy traps about-;eh ?" ?~esbia surveyed him with a very mingled epreeession of face; but slhame was more proe -dominant there than pity. He was again * about to blusteor, but the moment hl igeo foll ,upon the weapon which was in the hand of Leonnard, who had kept it partly concealed, lest there might be an attempt to wrest it from him, a deadlier paleness spread over his face, and he reeled against the wall like a drunken man. Notwithstanding all his constitutionsl insolence, there was not, perhaps, within the three seas of Britain, a more complete moral coward than Travico Chnatwoodw ! On this occasion his asp ,ct was pitiable, and it so happened that he had greater and more im mediate cause for terror than' even the present discovery and probable vengeance of Lennard Blair. " Treacherous and malevolent scoundrel! " exclaimed the latter in a low voice of con centratod passion, while his eyes, dark, honest, and indignant, seemed to glare into those of Oheatwood-literally flashing death and terror into his soul: " thankl your cousin that her presence alone prevents me from beating you to the earth with this, your own infamous weapon; and thank her further, that for her sake alone, I do not send you to pick oakum for life, by handing you over, as you deserve, to the nearest police magis trate! " Then he added in a hurried whisper to Hesbia-" after this complete discovery, I cannot trust myself in his presence longer, lest some terrible sceone onsuo,-thus you must permit me to withdraw. I shall leave smy card here to-morrow," said he to the housekeeper-in short he scarcely kneow what to saR-" and f I can be of any cornice in this hurry and confusion, command me. If you, my good woman, are ever called upon to state on oath the discovery of this evening, it is to be hoped that you will remember all the details !" "Lor, sir: yes, sir," replied the poor woman, looking utterly and miserably mystified. Then, gently touching the hand of Flesbin and whispering "to-morrow at the stile," he left the house, carrying with him all the proofs of the guilt of Oheatwood, who never made the least attempt to recover his pro perty. But there was no meeting at the stile on the morrow. (To be contirt!ud.) 