WONDERFCL-IF TRUE. ; The Fortnightly Jievimo cbntui.nB n'ntnrt-, ling nrticlo ou tho ovidencp of Spiritualism, written by Mr. A; R. Walfaco, thja naturalist. Mr. Wallace concludes ns follows : — ? I .' ' 'Tlio obj'oclion will liero inevitably bo rundo : 'TJieso wonderful things uJwnys hnppen in) America. When they occur in England it will bo time enough to inquire into them.' (Singularly onough,' after this nrtiuln- -was in . preijB, tho final tost was obtained, which demonstrated' iho occur rence of uirnilar phenomena- in I^ondon.. A' nlioit Btatomont may, 'therefore, bo intorenting for thoso who cannot digimt American evidence.; For sotnn; years £ young ludy, Miss -Floronco ' Cnok, -hna uxhibitod vornarkablp lucdiiimsliip, -which latterly culminated in tho production of an entire female form.. purporting to bo . t ???-' '?: ???-...????? ;?-. : spiritual, and which ; appeared barefooted andj in white [flowing robes wliileijshe lay entranced, in dark clothing'and securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent: room; NotWithsfanding that tests of an! appar ently conclusive character were employed,' many visitors, Spiritualists as well as sceprtics, got 'the impression that all was not as; it should be ; owing in part to the resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, ; and also to the fact that the two coulU not Le seen at the same time. Some -supposed that ': Miss C. was j an im postor \yho managed to conceal, a white robe' about her (although , she. was often searched),- and who,, although she ' was securely tied with tapes and sealed, was ublej to get oat of her bonds, dress and undress herself,, and get into them! again, all in- the darkj and in so complete and skilful a manner, as .to defy detectiorl. Others though that the spirit released her, provided her with a white dress, arid sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that f there was something wrong led one : gentleman — an ardent Spiritualist — to seize: the supposed spirit and endeavour to hold | it/ in the I. hope that some I other pei-sdn' would- open the cabinet door and see if MisS'Cook was really- there. [' This was, j unfortunately, not done ; but the greai resemblance of the being he; seized to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escape from him, {Convinced this gentlemen that it was. Missj Cook herself, though the rest of the company, a few minutes afterwards, | found her Hound and. sealed just as she had been left jin hour.: before. To' determine the question conclusively, experiments; have been| made within the last few weeks by two scientific men. Mr. C P. Yarley, F.E.S., the eminent electrician, made use of a [galvanic battery and cable testing .apparatus, and passed a current through Miss [Cook's body (by. fastening sovereigns soldered: to wires to her arms). The ap paratus was so delicate that iany move-' ment| whatever was instantly indicated, while! it. was impossible for the young lady Itof dress and act as a ghost without breaking the circuit. Yet under these conditions the spirit;form did appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote,] and touched several persons ;. and thisj hap pened, be it remembered, not i'n the medium's own, house, but in .that i of a privatej gentleman in the west end of London! For nearly an hour the circuit was never broken, and at the .conclusion Miss iCpok was found -in a deep trance. Sincej _this remarkable experiment! Mr. Wm. Grookes, F.RS., has o'htained, if passible, still more satisfactory) evi dencei' I He contrived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this; was allowed Jto go into the dark room, accompanied by the spirit^ and there saw and felt Miss Cook, dressol in black velvet, lying in' a trance on the 'floor, while the spirit-form, in whitef robes, [ stood close beside her. During ithe evening this spirit-' ' \had been, .for nearly an hour, walkings --jNlk- ing with the company ; and Mr., CrooKeoJ~ by permission clasped the figure' in his arms,; and found it to be; apparently, a real living woman, just as the sceptical gentlemen had done. Yet this figure is not that of Miss Cook, nor of any other human being, since it 'appeared and dis appeared- in Mr. Crookes' own ' house as completely as in, that of the medium herself. The full statements of Messrs. Varley and. Crookes, with a mass of interesting'- detail on tlie subjec, appeared in the Spiritualist newspaper in -March and 'April last ; and they serve to. show 'that whatever, marvels occur in America can be reproduced hero, arid that men of .scie.nce are pot, precluded from investiga ing these phenomena with scientific instruments and (by scientific methods; The- Ixdun ] Famine. — ^The Mansion House; Fiindfor the relief of the sufferers by the disastrous famine in Bengalj.and Behar; now amounts, to . more than £110,p0b. A; Contribution in the shape of three large bales of calico reached-the funds] last week, as did likewise' a small collection; of British coins and medals, for which i a purchaser is wanted. At Man-: ohester subscribtions to the amount, of ^10,500 have -been received:' . .'?'?. *Th4 Duke of Con-naught.— The Queen has been, pleased to direct. letters patent to be {passed under the Great Seal. oil the' 'United Kingdom of' Great Britain and Ireland, to1' bear date May 2-4, granting unto Her 'Sfajesty's tluriJjSon, His Koyal Highrtess .Prince ArthurWilliami Patrick Albert, K.G., K.T., K.P., and the heirs' male ot Ins body lawfully begotton, the dignities of Earl of Sussex and Duke of Connaught anil bf.Strathearn. This title ia not quite new in 'the royal family. According to the Peerages of Lodge: and Burke, Prince William Hejiry, a younger brother of George III., was created in 1764 puke of .Gloucester and also 'Earl of Connaught ' ; and these titles passed to his son, the second duke of that crea tion, but! became extinct at his death'in tho year 1834.: It' is also not true that tho present is even tho second instance of ono of the royal family being directly connected, with tho sister kingdom by an. Irish title; for example, the. Prince of Wnlea! isi Earl of Dublin, . as was i his graudBithur, the Dukp of Kent jthoilate and riresent Dnkes of Cumbeland havo always i enjoyed = the title of 'Karls of 'Armagh;! the jjate Duke of Cambridge wus '. created Earl of Tip[-eniry, and : his son, tilie present duke, Rtill holds that; earldom ; tho Ejuko of Edinburgh is Eilrl, of Ulster; the Into Duke of Sussex' was' also Baron Arklow, in the county of Wicklbw; . and the Duke of Clarence, iiftorwhrds Kirig^William IV. j was created Earl -of i Munater in . 1789... Probably otlior1 |exnm[iles ? of Iriali titles conferred on royat personages could also /be ' dia covei'oU'by tho careful antiquary. - ?- : 