' THE SPRING HANDICAPS. -. By Beacon. "Wo arc now rapidly approaching the com- : meiifcerhent of the racing season. Those birds., of omen, the bookmakers, have already,, taken their departure for the seat of war, in the hope of balancing their books; and' starting the season with a bird in hand.' As yofc they have -had none the best of it, for undoubtedly 'the horses of superior quality , . and. good standing have been \- selected and backed by the public, . yet' - . it ' is ' quite possible' that: the" usual and proverbial hick of the riDg will pull them through,- as it has often done be fore; - When, first ' the Hawkesbury Grand weights .were declared I made my selection, of horses from the card before me, com-, mcncing with Dagwortb, whom I observed ; it was/quite. impossible to leave out, not-; withstanding lais great weight. At that' time I was in a- fearful minority, the general \ fcolLiag .,J),einjj' that he' had not .the ghost ed .chance.- But his Btable thought very' differently,' for they backed him reso- lutqljr" to '.Win the.'race," and- if there has! not bcqn "any very large sum .invested upon , him, - it; can at, least' be said that he has been! backed for as mnoh as any thing ih the race. Oh'the -best authority I have it that he never wah bettei1, though I have read contrary opin- ' ' ioiijfwhere heis spoken of as looking very much too 'ligh t. " " Jthjit; he is lighter than usual I aim npt'in'a'position 'to gainsay. But when the', stable aver ' that he is a better horse' ' thancyer he .was in his life, I must confess, that they arein the best position' to judgeof his .improvement and progression. Such being! the case1 it is only reasonable to expect him to'ttin a very forward horse, ana. one can hardly, In' the face of such facts, do less than asfei 'him a place. That he is one of the best; hoscs'the. colony has ever produced his peHcrmahceh.of last season fully bear out1; yet 1 ,c.anuo)t'.3hut my eyes to the disadvaiw tage heds undfr with the four-year- olds, and nothing less than the qualities of a Barb can : hope successfully to effect the overthrow of tho 'best of the division of that year. In some qhartefs Stanhope1 is looked upon as pro- 'bableof landingtbe fielders, though up to the pfeseht time there has been' no marked demurigtratio'n 'on the part of his stable. From tHe firsfc I did hot hesitate to pass over Gqldsbrough, as I did not think this would he. his ., dart.; and from the operations in, favor j of . . his stable companion, Rose d'AmOur, . I am more than ever persuaded- that he will not see Hawkesbury. Wo-vhave had many and variousjaocounts ' «f '-'the-cqndition-.'of the Rose. She ha3 not \- altogether satisfied some of the touts, though ' some good judges pronounce her 'extremely -fit.. Her running in the Autumn showed her a'greatly improved filly, and if she has mended' at all upon that form she cannot be ' htherwi.se ;tb"ah a, thorn in the side of her opponents, It is admitted that when fit and -well she is a racehorse of the first order, and as l think the relief of weight is bound to operate in-her favor, she must be a formida ble-animal under 7st. 51b., and we know -that her Able, mentor lias a knack of RtiHdihg his korsesf up to compass two miles. ' When riot herself last year she only bowed i supqrxqr, condition opposed to.heratthe time, and yet she was nearly always returned ina place, qf honor. Could I believe the Rose to.be thoroughly herself, I should not hesi tate.' ! to- award her this, race without surrounding my Opinion, with any provisions. . As'it is, I can scarcely see what is to be pre- f erred to. her'. Westminster in his seclusion i at NeTVcastle is' very difficult to gauge. My own . iinpressicn is that- he is a good hoi-se. He has already proved himself a fast horse, hut of; his .staying powers I am not so ...decided, : . Should his friends rally round i him atthe last. moment it would be unwise v to treat-bim- too h'ghtly. Speculation seems so'eptifcly. to have given way to Syren, that . it; would be almost folly to question the judgmept of the stable, and I can scarcely rtHmk. slie, would have been selected as the: .- champion o.tlie vice-regal party had they . not some :good;:reason for changing their allegiance.; Jt is.said that she was always! Speculation's master, therefore, if she is fit, they are wise in saving her no longer, for the fickle sex- cannot be conditioned at; will,' and it is better to' accept a race with them when the oppor tunity promises well than linger in the hope of pulling off a more valuable prize. But though she has her partisans, they appear to me to lack a thorough confi dence, unless, as perhaps is the case, they . arc afraid of making their investments too long before the race, Stirling has not yet been operated upon, and I have seen advices in authentic quaiters stating that he will not be quite as they could wish him on this occasion. His present weight and past performances, however, no one can shut their eyes to, and the substitution of his stable companion, Surbiton, in the betting, fails to have any effect on my opinion of the merits of this handsome son of old Sultana. Master M'Gratb, some lime back, lost a portion of one hoof, and has been eased in his work accordingly, so will probably be too much below par to avail himself of the light burden imposed upon him. . Of the Victorians, Ella is likely to play second fiddle to Champagne, . but she is scarcely as forward as she should he. Present appearances point to Dagworth, Rose d'Amour, or Syren, Hawkesbury has quite put the Metro politan Stakes in the shade. ' Never was; there Icsb doing on this event at this period of the year. Nothing seems to find any especial favoritism if I except Hcratio, who, up to. the present time, is the only animal backed' with any degree of. reliance. He is the favorite out and out, and his name has been more frequently taken in doubles, trebles and singles than any other six in the race. Should Dagworth show any superior form in tie Grand Handicap his price will become alarmingly short, fail ing an absolute, win. Should he secure a place m an honestly run race, it cannot but harden Horatio in his present position. Like his illustrious stable companion he is said to havcmadewonderfulprogresssincelastsecson; and as his' chief supporters are not composed of metal with more than a modicum of alloy in them, it is quite unlikely that they will stoop to hedge any of their investments. They stand well and will see it out,; having firm faith in tho merits of their protege. Next to him, Mr. TaiPs horses are. held in' most dread, the most popular being The Arrow. At one time Rose d'Amour looked likely to. take second honors in the betting, bat the penalty she would incur should she win at Hawkes- bury has retarded her rise in the market; while should she fall beneath the prowess of Dagworth ' her chance of beating. Horatio will look even more remote. ' For. these rea- ' sons would-he backers ' are held in check. Again, the fact of. Syren being appointed to carry the stable money at Richmond leaves a doubt as to Speculation's ."ability to take her place here. Foodie hasjeome with some force of latej but somehow or other the pub lic do not give willing credence to the sale and' purchase, and the sticklers for perform ances do not rate his Kyneton' victories as anything very high. We certainly have no guide to authorise us in saying that he is a two miler, . which many maintain he has no pretensions to. Be this how. it may, he' lias great pace, which nobody can deny. Fitzyattendon has been so recently reported amiss that doubts arc entertained of his reaching the culminating point of con dition for -the Metropolitan, otherwise he might reasonably have been expected to have taken a leading position in -the betting market ; and the friends of Jthe: Prophet who were at . first dazzled, by his light ' weight, seem somewhat luke warm in tnein , support now. But of late hopes and expectations have been Taised in the Moonee Ponds stable, the hurdleracc horse Rory O'More being thought to Lave more than an outside chance. As a rule cross-country horses do net find much favor with the public when pitted against the cracks of the fiat. Yet there is no denying that Rory is a very superior horse of his order. In the list below him, nothing at present is very highly esteemed, and! I do not expect any demonstration to be made this side of Hawkesbury, whatever may be done after wards. Equally with the Metropolitan iB the Melbourne Cup a dead letter. If Horatio exercises undisputed sway in the. former, so does Goldsbrough. in the latter. This pair have been incorporated in all the double and treble events of the spring, and the pair cannot fail to be a bad sequence to the Hawkesbury winner, should that place be filled by any of the leading favorites for the first handicap. Dagworth, King of the Ring, Lapidist, Fugleman and The Diver have all been backed at outside prices on the strength of their rising in the market, but none can be said to occupy the position of favorites. Kingsborough is the choice forthe Hawkes bury Guineas, and it is generally thought that he will carry the . spots on the day. Still;-, many who follow him for this, event. refuse to believe in him over the Derby -distance. If he has given no evidence of his staying qualities, his pace caBnot, be disputed, ana over a mile course, allowing for all improve ment in those opposed to him, ' he must be hard to vanquish. Llama is a speedy filly, and if Gaslight should be in her best form she must- ran forward. But if the stable are satisfied to rest on Kingsborough I should be content to stand to him also. 