I ; WONDERFUL; IP TRUE. THK Fortnightly Jleview contains a startling article on tho evidence of. Spiritualism, written by Mr. A. lt. Wallace, tho naturalist. Mr. Wallace concludes as fo lows : "Tho objection will hore inevitably bo made : 'These wonderful things always -happen in America. When they occur in England it will bu timo enough to inquire into them.' Singularly enough, niter thin article was in the press, the iiual test was obtained, which demonstrated tho occur- rence of similar phenomena in hondón. A short statoment may, therefore, bo interesting for thoso who cannot digest American evidence. For som« years a young lady, Miss Florence Cook, has exhibited remarkable lucdiuinship, which latterly culminated in the production of an entire fornido form purporting to be spiritual, and which appeared barefooted and in white flowing robes while she lay entranced, in dark clothing and securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacout room. Notliwithstanding that tests of an apparently con- clusive character were employed, many visitors, Spiritualists as well ns sceptics, got the impression that all was not as it should be; owing in part to tlie resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also to tile fact that tho two could not . be seen at the same time. Some supposed that Miss C. was an impostor who managed to conceal' n white robe about her '(although she was of toa searched), and who, although she was securely tied with tapes and sealed, waa able to gel out of her bonds, dress and undress herself, ana got into, them again, all in tho dork, and in so complete and skilful a manner, as to defy detection. Othors thought thnt the spirit released her, provided her with a white dress, and sent her forth to personato a ghost. Tho belief that there was. something wrong lod one gentleman-an ardent : Spiritualist-to seize the supposed spirit and endeavour to hold it, in tho hope that some other person would open tho cabinet door and see if Miss Cook was really there. This was,unfortunately, not done ; but the great re- semblance of tho being he seized to Miss Cook,, its perfect solidity, and tho vigorous struggles it made to escape .from'.him, convinced this gentle-. man that it was Miss Cook herself, although the rest" of the company, a few 'minutes afterwords,, found her bound and sealed just ns she had been left' an hour before To determine tho question conclusively, experiments have been runde within tho last few weeks by two scientific men. Mr. C. F, Varley, F.R.S., the eminent electrician, made use of a galvanic battery and cable testing ap- paratus, and passed a current through Mies Cook's body (by . fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to her arms). The apparatus was so delicate that any movement whatever was instantly in- dicated," while it was impossible for the young lady to dress and net as a ghost without breaking the circuit. Yet tinder those conditions the spirit-form did appear, exhibited its arms, spoko, -;. ote, und touched several persons; and this hap- pened, bo it remembered, not in the medium's own house, hut in that of a private gentleman in the west end of London. For nearly an hour the circuit was never broken, mid at' tho conclusion Miss Cook was found in a deep trance.' Since this remarkable experiment Mr. Wm. Crookes, F.R.S., has obtained, if possible, still more satisfactory evidence. He contrived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into tho dark room, accompanied by the spirit, and thero saw and felt Miss Cookr dressed in black velvet, lying in a trance on the lloor, while:' tho spirit- Form, in white robes, stood close beside- her. During the evening this spirit- form had been, for nearly on hour, walking and talking with ; tho company; and Mr. Crookes,-by permission,, clasped the figure in his arms, und found it to be, ' apparently, a real living woman, just as tho seep- , tfcal gentleman had done. Yet this figure is hot that of Miss Cook, nor of auy other human being, since it appeared and disappeared in Mr.Crookes's own house ns completely as in,that of the medium , herself. .The full statements of Messrs. Vnrloy and , Crookes, with a niass of interesting detail on the » subject, appeared in th a'pirituahst nowspaper in March and April last; and they serve to show that whatever marvels occur in America can be repro- duced hore, and that men of science aro not pre cltrded from investigating those phenomena with scientific instruments «nd by scientific methods. l'ENniTir.-A case of somo local importance, extending in its investigation ovor severnl days, WUK concluded on Mouday, îllth ultimo. Mr. Dempsey, of this town, claimed to bo entitled to tho possession of and tho right to largo .heaps of; bluo . metal boulders lying on the hod of tho Ncpeou Uiver, which aro pur- chased and tisod hy tho Municipal Council of Sydney for strcot purposes, and ovor willoh ho had exercised acts of Ownership. Mr. J. Tv Ky uh, alf o a resident, conceiving that Mr. Dempsey had no legal claim to thu boulders, employed men to, and did, re- move, largo quantities, ' whorcupon thoy wore . summonod to tho police court, hero hofore a ' fnll bench of magistrates for stealing tho stone. For the complainant, evidenco was givon by tho production of documents mid otherwise, to show that tho boulders waru included in lana comprised in grants from tho Crown, and that com dainaut -;n3 , possessed ol' saino, muí so fur n prima Jude ease iras established. Thc defendant having applied for on ad- journment to a subsequent day, Mr. itutUr, from tho Surveyor-General's ellice, was called fer tho defence, and prodnocd the original survey of the several granta of land running in tho direotion of tho river, and maps on whioh it appeared that, tlitro WIIB a kind of roBorvo. marked as " Tho bcd of tho river, frequently flooded, and showing that tho northern boundary of tho grunt ?,. iu question, und undor whioh Mr. Dempsey claimed, was tho bed ol' tho rivor; consequently that tho bod of the river was not included in tho grant. A Ilcensod surveyor was also ealled for tho defence, who had i e oontly surveyed and measured thc land in tho grant, and proved, to whnt.oxtont.lho northern boundary therein went, namely, to tlio hod of; tho river, and no further. Tlio.llcnuh ultimately dismissed tho. ouse, thus leaving all-parties to their rospootivo civil remedios. Mr. W. Kotiert ',for complMnant,' MK T. Hellyer for tho' d&font; 't. Othor coses, between' tho . samo parties, arising uiit of tho abovudisputes, woro thoruiipou with- drawn, with a viowto'soino utniinblo arrarigoiiiont. Corrcspuiulcnt. À Btudonf at a votorinnry collogr'ng asked, " If a brakou-windod hm'sl? wera brought to you to euro, what would you ad visa V" promptly lxpfiod, "To soil him aa soon ns posuible." , ' In a pool across a road in tho county of Tipporary is «tuck up'a polo, having ail' "'to it aboard with till« inscription i " Toko uotiu tat when tho water is over thin boui'd tho J'ond ls ii iHSuble " . . ' > At'àn èxainlnatioïi ol'tho College ol Surgeons a can- didato wan asked hy Abernethy, " ',,-vt would you do if à man waa blown up hy poi- "Wait till ho enniä down itpain," ho coolly rb; 'True,"replied Abernethy j " and uiippono I wer. . ..- you for such < un;impertinent reply, what muscle» ?. ¡id I put in mo- tion? ."Tho flexors and extensors of my arin, Xor I .should knock you down immediately." Tho camliilulB roaelvod hin diploma. ': - ¡i', . p.uiu,,dhiiiig ono day at un ordinaryt was seated next , toja person of a most voraelou'a disposition,.and ohisorv injr bini to eut a very larga jileco of bread, whioh bu laid , by his pluto ngidnsfc tho bringing up of dinner, the wit ' took it up aijd protsndcd to ont-a piooo off ¡it, This ¡ won quickly noticed by'tho, other, who told him. inja vory' abrupt manner, that it wna hin bread. " I ask pardon,',', said Quin, in hi» usniil dcllborato way, " I really, took it for tho loaf ' . 