WHAT DOES GERMANY MEAN ? The military manoeuvres on l.lio Continent, .(says the Broad Arrow) have oiicc more fixed ?attention on the stupendous preparations for ?war by which ''no period is distinguished beyond all others in historical mamory. Dia .T guise the facViis Vo may under the highsound ing terms Vised to express purely defensive ,?neasurea *0f nroparation. it is still a fact tlmk j .EuropQ i3 boing transformed into one vast *a!'P, and that, in round numbers, some six wi. lions of the boat manhood of tlie leading ?' x'owora of Europe aro withdrawn from pro ductive industry to prepare for some unforseen and deadly contingonoy. The question is wbero . ' and whence this contingency may arise, arid it is only when wo try to answer this question ?that the real difficulty of tho problem presents ..itself. ,v , 1 1 is nest to impossible bo focus the scattered j intelligence on tliis subject, which makes every* ; where one universal twilight of mistruot, and ...atno single point burns witli sufficient clearness to indicate immcdiato danger. In our seavoh for a path out of this labyrinth, we soem to 1 ! .. 'wander .in the half-green light of n. trbpical forest, where no object is distinctly seen, nnd fflie stems and lianas of the primeval forest, ' .femod in 'fantastio forVr; 3, assume t.ho most iportentous shapes. At one moment a distant mound is heard, which has the same effect, on j ' -tweak nervos fts a sudden thunder-crash, and ithe next instant a stealthy movement in the ? ; fbush closo at hand makes the hail- of the Jimid stand on end. Those whd fiaVo ' KHftn longest accustomed to (hi? political ?.twilight 'feel no better tifguri'iico ;llian tlie j ^merest novice *in its b--piat,hs. ' Men who are .ifomilior at tho embassies can-tell no more than. ,..,:l'ho manipulator of Router's telegrams or the ...speculative writer of a leading article in his j ?dingy -garret. Baron von Molrowscratch shrugs ' Ills shoulders when you ask him what Ire thinks j ? state of Europe, and if you poraisfc, only | wanders away into common places, and thinks ' ?it all very eod. France cannot fight ; Ger many does not want to 'fight ; Austria will not move in her fine strategic position until she is ab- I ?solut-ely compelled; Italy has enough to do to hold . , .her own ; aud Russia has more to gain by ?watching events than by precipitating them. ^Something like this is ths'oum of all that can 'be said on, the subject by those who ought to be the best informed, and it is precisely because Jtliis is the ?case, while notwithstanding all the ! Powers ^stand ready armed against eome common and ilVtinderatood danger, that tlie sildation ?is ! ?dangerous. ' 5n the meanwhile it is certain thei-4 is a smouldering centre of disturbance in France, ' though the fire has not yet broken into flame, and that Germany is ready, though slio is not , 'desirous to renew the (conflict. Englishmen and 'Other calm observers who have mixed much in 1 society will toll you that war is tho otie ' persevering study of men who, all- the timo -have 'coly peaceful tendencies. The univer ' 'saHty of the conscription, and 'the certainty of , .feeing found in the ranks at some time or ? ? other, has this for its necessary consequence' in. uuoo ui a people who, wnen liiey nave to dp ; anything, be it what it Vuay, apply all their, energies to the doing of it well aud thoroughly. 1 The young soldier Witli a commission in tts'6 re ?serve may Va a clerk in a merchant's or a banker's ?office; but knowing that he' must one . day serve with the colours, 'ao applies himself' with bb much dilligence to learning the art of .. j. . war as if it were the means by which ho meant ?' to live and to acquire distinction. There is not ' a day that he does not learn something, not a : week or a month that would not show his ?: 0. marked progress. It is possible ho mn.v stand ; in the ranks in the honr of dagger, and there?: (?.: .??;?' .f°re- being a German, and not an English Volunteer, or a French mis- officier, he will pre , . ; y T pare for liis part as if ho wero a born soldier. The result is that a German, with oil his ' 'modesty, speaks of his readiness to renew the 7 ''struggle, without boasting, but without excite-:. ?Ment or fear. Come the hour when it may,' it . 'will find him ready, and I10 will lay down tho pen and take up the rausket with as much smtjf Jroid as he would join liis companions over a .' ? -? 'v v; -social glass and a pipe in the evening. War has ? Secome a part of his business, and the study of wariB pursued in a business-like manner by tlie ?' most business-like of mankind. The attitudo. : of the great German nation must be considered ms a real danger for lEXiropo', when we find how: St irritates France. As Professor Edgar Q.uinet pointed out after Sadowa, France is constantly : menaced by a nation, in arms, and a nation whoso soldiers follow their schoolmasters, . : . . beaded by Goethe and Sohiller. Already the v passive haB changed into the aolive form of warfare, as between Protestantism and Roman' Catholicism ; and at the present instanty owing' to the policy of Prince Bismarck, there ore Bix bishops in prison, and large masses of the popu , lation cursing between their teeth the very ' mumo of Protestanism. An impartial visitor, , ? ' : .~v?ho should have stood at once in three such, towns as Coblentz, Dtisseldorf, and Cologne ?on the 4th instant, would have been strangely impressed by the spectacle of this antagonism, as shown by the wild eutbusiasm of: the Pro , ' fostant population on tho anniversary of their ?: Ereafc, victory, and the sullen silence of the ? v Koman Cat, holies. This feeling is undoubtedly - 'a 'source of danger when added to tho' inter- ' ... national causes of strife between Germarivand Franco, us it encourages the hope of alliances' which would never have been thought of if the ' conflict with the Papacy had not boon precipi-. tated by the policy of Prineo Bismarck. Latterly; ' ., the situation of Spain has been thought likely t.o precipitate the moment of danger, and it is there, in fact, that the struggle is actually in progress between modern ideas and 1 the anti quated olaims of absolutist pretenders to tho divine right of governmont. But Spain ceases . to be a source of immediate danger to; the. ? peace of 'Europe at the instant wlion Germany,. . ocoscb to be aggressive, and it is diflioult to. 1.:' believe that anything boyond a gentle hint is:, meant by the presonce of German gunboats on . the coast of Spain. It is not to bo supposed', that Germany is willing at the present moment to challenge the naval power of France ; in a , , quarrel, too, which would unite the Roman Catholio States in a general league against the' . , ascendency of Protestantism in Central Europe. In thiB direction there are 6igns that the Bis .1 marckian policy has failed in its aim, and if this ? ? BUBpioion be well-founded, thevirtualrecognition , of Don Carlos by the Emperor of , Russia has * ?,. sorved,. perhaps, as the provocative oause of the ?? 'overtures made by the Cabinet of Berlin , to, the . King of Denmark. Nothing can bo mbre^ ' dangerous, all things considered, than thiB per-;i petual gamo of political ' beggar niy neigh : : i bour';.' for' the exoitoment ihoreaBeB- as it ; 1 proceeds, and the last trump card may cause' ? : ? ? the players, to fly at each other's throats; ' It'1 ? -cannot be expected, for example, that Russia ... ,.would,eve:rcon8ont:to see the key of tho Baltic ' handed over, to the restored Empiro of Germany ? any more than she would allow Austria to picket , ' , ^ tho road to Constantihoplo. ' , '???? We ( Spectator ) cannot think that Go^many ' tis wise in attempting to alarm Europe on many , i , sidos. When Europe hears that tho sqr^wV'is^ ' 1 '?'????'?being applied not merely to terrify Jesuit's 'and' .. ;. Romanist bishops in Franco and Prussia, but to ? 0! f make a helplesB and Protestant Power like Den- ; ^. ' '?mark painfully conaoious of her impotence, and r.-.^ J whcn Russia is bo startled by tho growth of ?' German power that she actually' oncouragos the. claims of a pretender who would strengthen'' tho continental influence of n poworfiil'jpnd;; / ,, .. : dreaded rival to the accommodating Church of ? ? ?j Russia, tho whole West of Europe not unriatu- ' rally grows uneasy, and begins to think that the \--.-'? ory against the Pope has booti Sortething ot a .pretence ; for combinations the ultimateiend .of,; ? ruoO which will be. to place the Continent at the feet s */i,t j.pf Germany, and of thp hard kernel of^ermany-- , ?K-'imii ' ; ' :: '' ??' : ? '? j\vl — Prussia. And tho anxiety felt is ronsonablo. Tho' treatment 'of Denmark is almost a test-onse of tho real attitude of tlio now Empire. No one can pretend that Denmark is to bo foarod. No one can pretend that, she is tho oreaturo of a stronger Power than herself. But it is appa rently no part of Prince Bismarck's statesman ship to appease in this way the anxieties of Europe; Sch'eswig is tho bait by which ho hopes apparently to get all Donmark into his trap. Indeed, probably ho cannot understand how d. smull Stato, so insigniflcant in power whilo bIio stands alone, nnd which might become so efficient as tho Duval arm of Germany, can bo so dog-in-the-ma'ngerish as to refuso lior navy to Gormany, when sho cannot really have tho advantage of it for herself. But whatPrinco Bismarck does not understand, most of the other Powers of Europe, siriall and groat, pro bably do understand perfeotly. And they know that insubordination to Gormany is not free dom, but ono of tho most galling of moral and political chains ; that no task master is more oppressive than ouo who is both intelligent and domineei'ing'— Umt that which Frede^c'K ,|)0 Greftt was to his officer*; Germany is'fast be coming to her largo political family, and would gladly be to all Europe, if Europe would but acquiesce in her martiuetish tutorial rule. It is no wonder that the screw put upon Denmark alarms Europe. It is in a double sense a drftci&l; instance of the significance tif G erman tisi;Bn» ? dancy' undol- Ji6r ftreⅈ't fe'tatosmon. The cross on Denmark ss a signpost to Europe. ' ; ' j&gWy; Germany (says the Graphic) still ? feols a little restless at', the.; mute- reproach of of- liov huhible neighbour; That inconvenient Fifth Article of the Treaty of . Praguo. still ! comes 'at times 'a ghost to 'trouble,' joy.'',, Oircumstanc'es, it is(trt^ haV'fl greatly cliaiiged; ' possibly from tile' S'rs't :thero wus some, niental reservation as to'tho oxact execution of its con-' dltions ; it may oven' be plausibly urged, that Danish claims still go too far, and that tliore^s, no ready method of deciding, to tho sati'sfactipn of both , where' Donmark shall end ani'Ger maijy begin. n' Yet theBO at best are. scanty reasons for withholding all, or for Applying the strictest letter of tho law, where generous con- ' ciliation would bo tho nobler part. What wonder,' then, if speculation takes wild flights ?. Possibly there is not a word of truth in t|io story of an Austrian journal that the last offer of .coin{.romlao was lo. take l-e'n'mark bodily into .theempiM. Certainly, to bo vast an appo tito, one KifigTe't the more would hardly be too la'r^o ^ morsel. And Gormany, alroady proud o? her young navy, might' welcome a schemo which would nearly doublo her marine at'a stroke, and make the Baltic a German lake. ..... Yet Europe can hardly be at rest to ?long as it is even believed that such a policy can be perpetuated, aud Germany might tread her neighbours a useful lesson by doing ' an act of justice to Dotifftark, oVen though her own children grumble'A A little at the sacrifice. Fais 'te'tjiie in (inia is after all the wisest part for nations no less than individuals. Aris's Birmingham Gazette says : — Dark and threatening olouds appear to overhang the Con tinent. A statesman of Jiord Granville's calibre would probably tt the present moment say, as the Hofclo earl once said on the eve of a tremen dous conflict, that there is 'not a speck as big B3 a man's hand ' to ho Been on the polilicul horizon of. Europe.., We have 110 desire to alarm, and we have little ambition to prophccyj but wo cannot overlook event*; Mid circum stances, and situations; whioh give reason for the 'gravest apprehensions. In his caipacity as Foreigii Soci'etary, Lord Granville assured Par-'1 liatnent a few days before France declared war against Prussia that the attitudo of forei»u Power.* towards each other waB perfectly peace- - ful. : We do rot believe that Lord Derby would apeuk in such confident and sanguine terms at -the ..present time. 1 .-? ; - . That; Holland is doomed. to become part of. the German Empire we-havb little doubt ';-beoaiise^ the Dutch, be sides being near neighbours; : are byi race and .language closely allied to the 'German nation. Hollund,! with all her rich iidlohieS, is o prizo which any empire' may covet. Germaiiy, when sh'e anneios Holland, will, not only have fertile colonics in distant parts' of the globe; but she will linVe fine fleets which , will secure for her the position of a great inaritimo Power. In all probability, the coming Btrugglo in Europe . will ? arise from ? the jealousy of : rival powers when ? Germany takes the next stop for the aggran- ' disement of her new Empire; ' 