SWESLIY AN CIIURCII. The Rev.' Mlr Williams preached in the evening from St.: Mark, 12th chap. 15th verse, "Shall we give or shall we not give ?" . lie said that people were called i upon fromn time to time to aid certain I causes and institutions; the questionof the a text was therefore frequently debated. This was right. Men should try to give 'wisely, especially when it was remembered that the Bible never 'spoke of possessors I of wealth as its absolute and irresponsible t owners, but as stewards of the riches they I cpjoyed. There were two points on which they might go astray, 1st. theyniight'give 1 to unworthy objects; 2nd, they nught t withhold from a worthy cause. A cause I was now. before them; should they give or not to this? lIe believed the hospital to J be an eminently Christian institution, and that it directly appealed to our Christianity itself. He proposed to follow three lines of thought to show this: 1.--Christlnnity recognised and taught as no other religion d did, .the value of0'a' human being.' "i'his "was. taught all through the Bible, 'but brought intogrander prominence in the yew Testament. Let theti To'ok iatthe' red Indian's disregard of human life, or tehe African's thirst for blood, and it would be clear that a low estimate was set on .man by them. This was not explained by their want of civilization. The Chinese were not savages, yet the widespread prac tice of infanticide proved that a human' being, as such, had little value in 'their eyes. The Hindoos were still higher.in polish and refinement, yet the exposure of Infants on " Guiga's sacred stream," and other facts, proved that human life was not so sacred a thing to them as we reckon it. Christ taught the value of a man. Ilis. words asserted it from his quaint question, " How much is anman better than a sheep ?" to his great cry of forgiveness and prayer on the cross, " Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do I" lBut the greatest proof of the high esti mate he set on man'is the 'fact that he cameto die in his stead.' And now we behold God the Father, Son, ahd HIoly Ghost, combining to save man from rmun. What a magnificent acknowledgiment of the worth of humdnityl' This .Wts the very .grandest testimbny' to the value of. 1 man that ever commanded the attention of an observer, and challenged the wonder of, tie world. In Christian lands, therefore,' human life is sacred, the law threw its strong arm even round the infint and shielded it from wrong and violence. 1 Christianity shaped itself into the guardian I of human rights, human liberty, and human life. Let them go to a hospital I ward and see those patients in pain and weariness extreme. You say they are very sick and weak; yes, but they are men, they are human beings, as such they are more precious than thousands of gold and silver. They must be cared for. As hospitals recog nized very practically the value of manhood m he regarded them as essenitially Christian institutions, and hence'not only worthy'of support but demanding it," basing their 1 demnand -on the spirit and teaching of Christianity. A second fact which our religion taught was the brotherhood; of man. It declared that God made of one flesh all the nations of men that dwell on earth. Every.one in- human form was our, brother;?iotr: sister, as the case might be. Of wideracope thantmcre kinship; or even" nationality, these, bonds of frateinity cn" girdled the earth and embraced time whole ruce. On some "an 'Indian or African sun has burnt," others dwell among the. perpetual whiteness of Greenland's snows. Still they are brethren; and" ate our brethrcn. From .this point a most im pressive view of mankind inight be taken. The idea was a prominent one of Christia nity, and- would be seen to be such when' from all the world' men came to the throne of the Eternal; and with a clear-realisation of their relationship to the common Parent, cried " Our Father who art in heaven.' The Hospital was a brotherly institution. It recognised4 this fraternity, mind sou'ght' to perform the duties suggested by it. All the patients in the Hospital were their brethren and sisters, hence had claims on them. The charity provided medical and surgical attendance;' food;, nurses, and everything that even brotherly love could suggest. It appealed, then, to this great Christian principle, and said-" In the name of that religion which energetically asserts tlbifraternity of ritan, help us to carry out this work." ie' was confident such an appeal would be honored. III. Christianity was sympathetic, actively so. It taught love to God and to' man; it linked the- two strongly, inseparably to gether. No man coull le a Christian without loving his fellow men. "If a man ay ' I love God' and hate his brother, he 9 a liar,":is the teaching of the Bible. Love was sympathetic. They saw that in their fatmlly circles. They sympathised with each other because of the love which united them-if that love were destroyed they killed sympathy outright. The Hos pital appepledt further to this love of man, which was an essential part of Christianity. The example of Christ moved to liberality° He was, the central figure of our faith. IIe taught religion, but he lived it also. He was the perfect Pattern, without deficiency or superfluity. Christianity had been filly lived up to, once.at any rate,-its moving springs had free play and inter play in at least one life. Let them look at Jesus of Nazareth. IHe moved to and fro among the people, and was sensitive to every cry of suffenng sent up by the human heart, whether wraug forth by mental or bodily anguish. lie healed all manner of sickness and dis ease. The devils heard with fear but bowed in obedience. The leprous scales vanished, the dry palms grew moist, and the blood coursed with delicious coolness through the veins when he said " Be thou clean.' Death itself swung back its'mas sive portal and ungrasped the soul com mitted to its keeping when the Lord of life and death commanded., And it was with no niggardly hand he scattered the blessings of healing on the people. This was our example. We could not heal the sick thus, but the.principle was the same; we should render the help we have power to give, " Failing to do that we neglected a most evident Christian duty. It had been said that "the hospital is an inven tion of Christian philanthropy.' The active charity of the fourth century forced into the Greek language 'a word for which Paganism had had no occasion." This was true-this charity was peculiarly Christian and essentially Christian. Pagan ism said " Let the sick perish, let the old be put out-of the way." Christianity said "No, let them be cared for." With which did they agree? It seemed to him that the very spirit of Christianity breathed in and through the whole hospital system. Shall we give or shall we not give? lie thought the answer was not difficult. Seeing that this charity, recognised these three great facts, which are so essentially Christian, and sought to discharge the duties suggested by those facts and arising fiora them, he believed every steward of a certain part of wealth, large or small, was by that very tenure of stewardship, and by his very faith in Christ, logically and morally bound to help. 