WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. The Sydney District Meeting commenced its annual sitting in the Wesleyan Church, York-street, on Wednes day, the 21st instant. There were present the Bev. J. H. Fletcher, President of the Conference, in the chair ; from York- street, Bevs. G. Woolnough, M.A. and B. W. Yanderkiste; Woollahra, Bev. G. Hunt; Chippendale, Bevs. J. Oram, F. Firth, J. B. Portrey, and C. Creed; Bourke-street. Rev. J. A. Nolan ? NADtran. Hot. fi. Martin ; Waverley, Bev. G. Olden ; Balmain, Bev. R. Sellers ; St. LeonaraB, Bev. J. G. Middleton ; Ashfield, Bev. W. J. Davis ; Parramatta, Revs. J. B. Waterhouse, (secretary of the Conference) and W. E. Bourne ; Wind sor, Bev. S. Wilkinson; Lower Hawkesbury, Bev. J. Somerville ; Penrith, Bev. A. Swift; Camden, Bev. E. J. Bodd; Wollongong, Bev. W.Moore; Kioma, Bev. W. J. Brown ; Shoalhaven, Bev. J. W. Dawson ; Ulladulla, Rev. G. Pickering; Moruya, Bev. J. Phillips; Bombala, Bev. W. Glaeson. The meeting was opened by the President, who gave out the hymn 289, commencing ' God of my life, whose gracious power.' The Bev. J. B. Waterhouse read the 85th Psalm. The Bevs S. Wilkinson and W. Moore offered prayer. The Bev. J. B. Waterhouse was unanimously elected secretary, and requested the Bev. E. J. Bodd to beoome assistant-secretary. Dispensations -i absence were granted to the Bevs. W. Schofield, J. Watkin, F. Fawcett, and J. V. Dunne, who were, for various reasons, unable to be present. It was also stated that the Bev. B. Chapman, the missionary secretary, was absent from Sydney on a visit to the South Sea Islands^ as a deputation from the Con ference. The hours of sitting were fixed as follows: — From 10 a.m. to 12.45 p.m., and from 2.15 to 4.45 p.m. It will be seen from the names and residences given above that the Sydney district is large, and contains all the circuits from Windsor and Lower Hawkesbury in the north, to Bombala in the south. There are four other dis tricts in this colony — the Bathurst, Maitland, Armidale and Grafton, and Goulburn. Each of these districts is now holding its annual meeting. Ab soon as the secretary was eleoted, and the hours of sitting fixed, it was stated that there were two candidates fer the ministry. Arrangements were made for their theo logical examination and trial sermons. Each ef the candi dates will have to preach before three of the ministers, who will report to the District Meeting. It was also resolved that the usage of the English Conference should be followed, and that the candidates should be required to pass a medical examination. It is impossible too highly to estimate the importance of the moral and religious character of those who are set apart as teachers and examples of the Gospel of Christ. With a view to securing this in the case of every Wesleyan minister, a question is asked in every district meeting with regard to every minister in that district. The question relates to the moral and religious character, religious belief, discharge of duty, and competence for ministerial work. From the President downwards, no one is exempt from this examination. There was no objection raised to any minister. There are only two probationers in this district— the Bev. J. B. 'Portrey, who has been four years in the ministry, and the Bev. W. Glasson, who is just finishing hiB third year. Mr. Portrey, who presents himself for final examination, will have to pass an examination in Liddon's Divinity of our Lord, Jackson's Institutions of Christianity, Butler's Analogy, part £L ; Burton's History of die Christian Church. In Greek, the Epistle to the Hebrews. Mr. Glasson will be required to be emnined in Fletcher's Checks, Wesley on Original Sin ; Weatcott on The Canon of the New Testament, Howe's Living Temple, Butler's Analogy. In former years each district has made its own arrange ments for conducting the examination of the probationers under its authority. This year the case is different The Sydney Conference of J anuary, 1874, appointed an examining committee for all the probationers in New South Wales and Queensland. This committee is constituted as follows : — The President and Secretary of Conference, the Missionary Secretary, the Clerical Secretary of the .Church Sustenta tion and Extension Society, and the Superintendents of the Sydney and Parramatta Circuits. The committee met some two months ago, and drew up examination papers, which have been sent to all the districts. As soon as the papers are returned the committee will draw up its report to be presented to the next Conference. The advantages of of this plan is that it creates a uniform standard throughout the conference. The Bevs. G. Woolnough, M.A., and B. Sellers, brought up a revised list of appointments for Sunday next. Allth eir suggestions were accepted. I The President read a letter from the editor of the Eerald, requesting the meeting to appoint one of its members to supply that paper with a report of the pro ceedings, or to allow the presence of a reporter. The dis trict meeting appointed the Bev. C. Olden as reporter. Bev. W. Fidler's Funeral Sermon. The Eev. W. Fidler's funeral sermon was preached in the York- street ehurch on Tuesday evening by the Rev. President of tho Conference. The church was quite full in every part It was a most impressive service. The pulpit, communion rail, orchestra, and the whole front of the gallery were draped in black. The hymns chosen were most appropriate, breathing as they did a spirit of holv triumph over death. The President of the Con ference was in complete sympathy with his work, and preached a most edifying and eloquent sermon from Hebrews chap.xi., verse 13, ' These all died in faith.' Mr. Fidler's death has left a great gap. His loss is deeply lamcntpH. He has left many friends behind, both within and without his own section of the Church. The President of the Conference and the Bev. G. Hunt have consented to supply an obituary notice of the late Bevs. W. Fidler and G. H. Holmes. When these notioes are presented to the District Meeting, we shall have a mournful pleasure in reporting the expressions of regret that we are sure will be made by the members of the District Meeting. . Thursday, October 22. — The President took the chair at 10 o'clock. The secretary read a portion of Scripture, and the Bev. W. Moore offered prayer. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The Bev. B. Portrey presented himself for a viva voce examination in systematio theology. The examination oocofcued nearly all the morning fitting.. At its close, the Bev. G. Hurst seemed anxious to break a lance with the president on the critical meaning of the - Greek in a passage quoted during the examination. The President ex pressed himself as quite prepared to discuss the question, and prove his acceptance of the passage, but that this was not the time. If Mr. Hurst would prepare a paper on the point he would be very happy to find time to discuss it The book lists of Messrs. Portrey and Glasson were handed in. These lists showed that each of the pro bationers had been diligent readers during the year. The papers yet to be handed in will give evidence as to whether they have been students during the same time. In the after noon, after the usual devotional exercises, the resolutions of which notice had previously been given were discussed. As these are recommendations to Conference, it is not usual to publish them at this stage. We may, however, name them : — The Waverley and Ashfield quarterly meetings recommended lay agency in the Conference; the Rev. F. Firth proposed a reoommendation relating to Sunday schools ; the Bev. G. Woolnough, Al.A., called attention to the desirability of an alteration in the time of changing stewards ; the Bev. G. Hurst moved a reoommendation relating to local preachers. The meeting , was closed with prayer. Friday Morning, October 23.— On Friday and Saturday the Financial District Meeting was held. In addition to the ministers there were present the following laymen Messrs. James, Medway, Dowsett, M'Keown, Henson, Hunt, John Graham, sen., John Graham, jun., Fallick, Gorman, and Burall. The usual devotional exer cises were engaged in, prayer being offered by the Bev. G. Pickering. At the financial meeting all the finances in connection with the Connectional Fund, ohurch building. &c.;, came under review. In reference to the state of church property, it waB resolved to recommend that the property schedules be sent in at an earlier date than at present, in order to give the district secretaries time to prepare their report for the annual district meetings. The erection of a wooden ehurch in Cleveland- street, in the Bourks-street circuit, and of a brick church at Smithfield, in the Parra matta circuit, was reported. There is a church in course of erection at Stanmore, in the Newtown circuit, te cost £1800. A large ehurch at Paddington, in the Waverley ciicuit, is about to be commenoed at an estimated cost of £35C0. Income and expenditure of the Chureh Sustentation and Extension Society, passed under review. The following grants were recom mended for 1875 :— To various circuits, £425 ; to churches— Stanmore, £300; William- street, £200 ; Paddington, £@00 ; Bombala, £25: total to churches, £1125. The Children's Fund and. Worr.-aut Ministers' Fund were inquired into. In the matter of the Children's Fund the secretary of the district read a series of resolutions that had been compiled by the general treasurers, who reside in Melbourne. These resolutions proposed very great changes in the working of .the fund. The district meeting could not recommend the Conference to adopt these alterations. Report or the Sydney Lay Mission. — During the year the agent of the society, has been labouring in the York-street, Chippendale, and Bourke-street circuits, under the direction of the committee, which has met monthly. This eommittee is composed of the ministers of the city circuits and an equal number of lay gentlemen; but, with two or three exceptions, the operations of the society have been confined to those con nected with the circuits in which Mr. Cuisford has been employed. Three months ago a sub- committee was appointed to review the work done, in order to ascer tain whether the results were such as to justify the con tinuance of the mission. The report of the sub-committee showed that 'the mission is greatly needed, and that the agent, under many dis , advantages and also much prejudice, had done work which must otherwise have been left undone, to the detri ment of our Churoh in this city. Upwards of 2380 families have been vifcited, of whicli a considerable number were once connected with the Wesleyan Church, but com paratively lost, to us, Many ef these (eighty-four) have been persuaded to again attend our services, and nine persons have been led to join the Church through the in strumentality of the lay missionary. Two females have been rescued from a life of infamy and taken to the Refuge, and several families in distress have been relieved. Fifty-four services have been held in the Soup Kitchen and other places with some evidences of success. The journal of Mr. Cuisford also shows that speciaLvisits have been made to sixty sick persons, and that in two or three oases the dying have been led to feel their position as sinners, and also to trust in Christ alone for salvation. It is impossible to tabulate all the work done in connection with a city mission, and the results also are frequently unrecorded ; but the committee, at one of its recent meet ings, and after hearing the report of the sub-committee referred to, expressed its satisfaction with the known results, and its conviction of the desirability of not only continuing the mission, but of making it more efficient, if possible. The expenditure has been considerably in advance of the income ; and at the present time about £50 is owing to the treasurer. The committee proposed some time ago that the quarterly meetings of the circuits in which the agent labours be requested to allow an annual collection to be made, and an annual tea and public meeting to be held, in behalf of the mission. _ This has been agreed to, and the arrangement carried out in the Chippendale circuit. When the York -street and Bourke-street circuits have made the promised collections and held the meetings, it is hoped thrt the amount required to carry on the mission will be forthcoming.' A conversation took place, in which Messrs. Moore, Woolnough, Waterhouse, and others took part. All the members of the meeting appeared to think very highly of the work being done by the Lay Mission Society. The Bev. J. Oram moved, and the Bev. W. Moore seconded, the following re solution, — 'That the report now read be received and adopted, and that this meeting views the mission as having , great importance in rel ation to the extension of the work of God in this city, and earnestly commends it to the cordial sympathy and liberal support of the members of the Wesleyan Church.' The resolution was unanimously carried. The President pronounced the benediction. Monday, October 26. — The usual devotional exercises were engaged in. The Rev. R._ Sellors offered . prayer. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and signed. Mr. G. M'lntOEh and Mr. Ebenezer Fox were examined as candidates for the ministry. Each of them gave an ac count of his conversion to God, and the reasons why he believed himself to be called by the Holy Ghost to preach the Gospel. They were then, subjected to a searching examination in the doctrines they would be expected to preach in case of their acceptance by the Conference. Both the candidates were recommended to the ensuing Conference. Mr. M'lnfcpBh's case is some what unusual, as he is married. As our reason for only receiving single men as candidates for the ministry is entirely financial, the District Meeting recommended Mr. M'lntosh upon hearing that he is in possession of private means. It should be remembered that these cases are still tub judice , and will be finally adjudicated upon at the coming Conference. Mr. M'lntosh preached on Thursday evening last, at Newtown, in the presence of the Bevs. Davis, Martin, and Firth. Mr. Fox preached his trial ser mon on the same evening, at Chippendale, in the presence of the Revs. Oram, Moore, and Bodd. These trial sermons were reported upon in the district meeting before the votes were taken. After the decision of the meeting was arrived at the candidates were called in and addressed in an im pressive and kind manner by the President, who concluded by calling upon the Bev. R. Sellors to pray. The meeting then dealt with the case of Mr. Portrey. His final trial sermon had been preached at Glebe Road, on Thursday last, before the Bevs. Waterhouse, Pickering, and Phillips, who brought up their report. The meeting unanimously ecommended the Bev. J . B. Portrey to be received^ in to fulr connection at the ext Conference. The meeting cloBed with prayer. Tuesday, October 27. — The meeting was opened with devotional exercises, in which the Bev. E. J. Bodd offered prayer. A conversation took place on several minor matters, and the meeting proceeded to the order of the day, viz., the obituary notices of the late Bevs. W. Fidler and G. H. Holmes. The Bev. the President read the notice of the death of the Bev. W. Fidler. It was a most suitable tribute to the memory of the departed. The obituary notioe was accepted on the motion of Mr. Moore, and seconded by Mr. Oram. — The Bev. G. Hurst read an obituary notice of the late Bev. G. H. Holmes. Mr. Fletcher rea a short statement bearing directly on the distinctive features of Mr. Holmes's power. Mr. Hurst would prefer that the former brief notioe be aooepted. Mr, Holmes' ? friends felt ihat.all had been, said that they wished to^e said. Notwithstanding Mr. Hurst's statement, Mr. Weolnongh proposed, and Mr. Nolan seconded, a resolu tion j.roviding the insertion of Mr. Fletcher's emendation. The Bev. J. Oram was appointed ministerial representa tive to the Distribution Committee. Mr. J. Weame, MX. A., and Major J. Black, from Kiama, were appointed the lay representatives to the same committee. Thanks to the friends who have so ''kindly entertained the ministers from a distance ; to the Bev. the President, for hia ability and kindness in the chair; to the Bev. J. B. Waterhouse, the secretary, and Bev. B. J. Bodd, assistant secretary, for their arduotu work; te Drs. MufStt and O'Reilly, for their kindness in examining the candidates for the ministry ; and to the Bev. C. Qlden, for reporting the proceedings for insertion in the Sydney Morning Eerald. — The minutes were read and signed, and wita prayer and praise the Sydney District meeting of 1874; came to a close. The President's Tea. — Tuesday, October 27. — The Wesleyan ministers in and around Sydney meet once a month for prayer. At their last meeting, amongst ther things that were suggested as likely to lead to good results, the Bev. J. H. Fletcher expressed a strong desire that during the annual district meeting he should invite the laymen of the Sydney Circuits to tea with him. The difficulty arose as to where the line should be drawn. To take in all would hare been to swell the numbers so largely as to render the project impracticable. It was decided therefore to invito all stewards, local preachers, class leaders, both male and female; and the superintendents end secretaries of Sunday-schools. Thus all classes of Christian workers would have their representatives. The Bevs. Oram. Woolnough, Firth, and Nolan were ap pointed a committee to issue cards of invitation and make arrangements. The tea took place in the Chippendale school on Tuesday night. It was a great success ; and, while highly gratifying to all present, it must have been, specially so to its projector. There were more than one hundred present ; had all of the office-bearers been in vited there would have been more than a thousand. For obvious reasons it was a representative meeting. The tea, which was excellent, was altogether the least important part of the matter. _ 