THE OPERA. LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR. The performance of this opera last night was most satisfactory as far as regards the efforts of most of the principal singers. While thus hinting that some parts were better done than others, we may as well dispose of the choral work by saying that it was efficiently rendered by the large number of well- trained people to whose share that part of the general representation is allotted. The orchestra, too, requires notice on this occasion for the generally successful rendering of the instrumental music and the support given to the Singers but there were also points about this part of the performance which may not be overlooked, because as a rule the doings 7-21 the opera-band give few chances for fault ' Unding. We notice the absence of the " bassoon " ; the instrument is one of unique "quality, and cannot well be spared. It would be well therefore that the place should not be suffered to be vacant, unless there be well understood reasons for its being so. We were not informed why the greater part of the flute solo which precedes the first entry of the prima donna was left out, Mr. Creed Royal always gains great applause when he plays this little bit in its entirety, and we regret that he did not give it fully last night. One word more and we have done with the instrumental players. We would like to know why the artist who controls the utterances of the drums should give those invaluable musical instruments a self-assertive and defiant tap or two just a second before he might play upon them to the satisfaction of his audience, his own delight, the direction of his conductor, and the warm approval of the ghost of Denis zetta. This readiness of attack is probably an idiosyncrasy with the player, but the drums that he admonishes with his drumsticks, and those other drums that the audience bring with them attached to their 'eaTS, would all of them be better treated if he would observe "time" with no more ex attitude than the merely mechanical me tronometer. Speaking of Signora Palmieri, Mr. Beaumont, and Signor Colin let us say that the first-named was good in the representation also gave of the part of the heroine. She would have been all the better if she had followed the exact text, and had not made it necessary now and then by dropping a bar, for the conductor to whip his men together to keep pace with her. The beauty of Signora Palmieri voice and the high style of her vocal execution, were amply recognised by her audience, and she was frequently recalled to receive the special marks of favour which take the form of bouquets and that applause which is directed to the one amongst many singers. Mr. Beaumont, as Edgardo, has made a great improvement in his manner since the last time he played the part. At that time he seemed as if he had only learned it, and he shows now that he is beginning to master it. Signor Coliva, as Enrico, was in grand condition of voice and beyond this we need not go to describe the effect produced upon his audience by this well-known and much-admired singer, The performance last night was witnessed by His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen and the members of their family, and suite. The same favour will be given to this evening's entertainment, consisting of "II Trovatore" and "Pipcle." The advertised programme appears in another column. Intending visitors will do well to bear in mind that the opera to-night commences at half-past 7 o'clock. ? 