)6dd: totes? Bt a Bohemian. Messes. CoUiIeb and Company's scheme for. constructing a railway from Dalby to the Gulf of Carpentaria on condition of receiving the fee simple of half the land alqhg tlie lino which wil* bb Improved by the work, and keeping t)ie rail wajr Into the bargain— is notboing reoeived by the public with that enthusiasm which its promoters anticipated.' They regard it as a new reading of fche old pr'oTerb — Messrs. Collier want to . ' keep ? kh'eir bake and eat' it' at the aame time. and this sobeme of theirs would accomplish that tli'ffioult task. They would get well paid for the railway by the land itljey would receive — and they would still have the railway 'as. their jOwn private property to make What profit they could by it. .A be. flighted v and.,..unapp»'eoiative public say that thiB. is the garao.of ' Heads I win, tails you loie' 'On a gigantic .scale; ? Some critics go even further and say, ' We don't want tliis big rail way all in a hurry— even thoiigh the oountry got it in exohange for the land aBked for.' They contend that to construct it in the time specified would disorganize the whole labour of the oolonf arid inun date \ti with a class of immigrants that we do not waqt. These people have the notion that if we.,want such a railway it ought to be made itage by stage as we find it necessary, and they argue that by such a process although the progress of the' colony may Be slower, it' will be much surer. Say that the first link bf the proposed line-^f rom Dalby to Rotna — should bo couBtruoted aBastart and see how. that works j then carry it on another stage whon our meanB would permit, and a further stage as settlement ? progressed, feeling our way to. the Gulf gradually. Dreadfully humdrum, isn't it? Even those who are taoat favourable; to the -through line to UiB Gulf at once, say that the undertaking ought to be put up far competition, and not Hfthdjd Over to Messrs. Collier and Ob. on their own terms to make what they call out of it ? because they will either have tb sell their chance to a larger company or float a big com pany to complete the work. One way or other, there isagooddeal of cold water being thrown on the proposal* and it is more than probable that you and I will not live to travel along that line to the gulf. Suoh a dreadful want of enterprise ataong Queensland people! ' Capi talists '?hardly'stand o ghost of a' chance in any speculation here. - See what a splendid harvest the -« capitalists'' reaped in Sydney a year or two Bgo by floating mining companies, while up in Queensland We if' they made a quarter of a million by suoh speculations it was the very outside. ' i ? There1 will be weeping and :' wailing 'ana1 gnashing of teeth on the Darling, Downs aboil I; the result of the land cases in the Supreme ' Court this -week. Of course there is another chance or two, as the cases can be tried again a time or two, and in going to law you never can tell how you will come out of it ; the law points and the teohiiioal gins and pitfalls all along being of tenfold more effect in bringing about a deci sion than the mere merits of the case. In faot, law ha? been brought to that perfection now tbat the simpler and clearer your case may be, and the more justioe and equity you have on your eide^-the more likely you are to lose in the end- if your opponent has plenty of money and secures the 'services of clever attorneys and bar risters. Still the oause of truth and justice does sometimes prevail— even in our Supreme Court, anditisdisheartening to have first blojd drawn, at your ownjexpense. I should feelgreat sympathy , for Davenport especially, in thiB mater, if I could once satisfy tnyielf that' it is right to break or evade any existing law, so long bb you make a good use ofthe advantage obtained bysuchbreaoh. Davenport wanted' more- land than the law allowed him to take.n{5,;ie 'got the extra land he wanted, and has been turning it to excellent use— setting a splendid example to all farmers ? and cultivators on the Downs. Why oannot we adopt that fine old maxim— 'the end sano t'fies the means'— that would settle the whole of these disputed eeleotions in the most satis factory manner, without reft rence either to the letter or the spirit of the law. If a man has made good use of the land, give him a title to it, no. matter how he obtained it. If he hasn't ma4B609^ UBe of it, take the land from him, on that eimpln ground alone. 'It has been often said by way of reproach that olergymen are no business men. This is a mistake, as was proved this week with respeot to the proposal to them to devote a Sun day to the hospital, and make collections at the close . of the services in aid of ? the funds of that institution.- The parsons saw at a : glance h.w by taot and discretion this arrangement could be turned to account. They now get tiokets of admission for any deserviug'! case to which they oall the attention of the committee— bnt they want to secure the further luxury of exercising more influenoe and confer ring more favours upon a select nambor of their parishioners by having tickets beforehand to give to whomsoever they please without their right to do so being called in question. They .also want to get paid for visiting the sick at the Hoapital— ao they generously offered to make collections at their ohurob.es in aid of the funds of the Hospital— providing they were allowed to retain half the proceeds 'for religious minisr trationa' at that institution, and had tiokets for the' other half at the same rate as private sub scribers obtain them. I call that a really smart and business-like proposal. There was no beat ing about the bush | no expression of sympathy . for- destitute '.and suffering strangers, who in tbeirsore need, have to Beek. that asylum ; no appreciation of the objeots for which the institution was established and to realise whioh the oommittee are striving with might and main j no. mawkish sentimentality nor affeota tion— not a bit of it— just a plain business proposal. lam sorry the Hospital Committee oould not see their way to accepting this pro posal, because it is not often that our parsons como.oufc 8O;Btrong. There seems to be a dead set made in this eolony against every effort to raise the 'sacerdotal office in the Churoh of England to its true elevation and influence. Never mind, better luok next time. A; correspondent writes me Intelligence of a pew. grievance. He soys that Apjohn can walk into a baker's, butcher's, or grocer's Bhop, and if ' he finds their scales out of balance or their weights below the standard ho can '- pull them1' ?-that is his vulgar expression— whioh, being interpreted into Queen's English, means, that he can summon them before the Magistrates in Petty Session, and jf he prove the faot, can get them find for a clean breaoh'-of the law. Yet the, drapers — so my correspondent assorts — can givo as abort measure as they pleaBe, and no law: oan touch them. I don't understand the Question myself; but niy informant, who is a family man, says that, although the drd'pe™ are compelled by law to Have a proper yard me'aeuife marked onthoiroouritor there is no law or regula tion abouf'stretohing/'apd in measuring off flan' nel or other olastio material they take advantage of this omission ' by stretching suoh material so as to make fivo yards out of four, and then they have the conso'ienco to measure tlieir thumb rIbo into every yard by the counter measure— and drapers and drapers' assistants have thumbs from an inoh and a half to two iuohes broad. The result is that if you go' to a draper's shop for four yards of any elastic material you will not get it unless you pay for five and a half yards; 1 dare say my correspondent is right I don't know of nay own knowledge, but it seems, only fair that if Apjoliri is at liberty, to 'pull' the grocers; butchers, and bakers/ lie ought to be able td ' keep, liis eye ' on the' drapers. . . ? . And speaking of the drapers, reminds mo of the ' Early Olo'ing' controversy. ,1 think this could be settled very amicably by a simple arrangement. The talk about arlizans, labourer!, and country people not being able to get their drapery purchases completed until late on Saturday night isalt 'bunkum.' Labourers and artizmis could, and would,' mako their pur chases earlier in the day if they knew the Bhops would bo closed in tlie evening ; and country people do not, as a rule, Btay in town after dark — the state of the roads rendering it unsafe to venture npon suoh an indulgence. .My plan is to fix upon a certain reasonable hour for sending away the majority of the assistants each night and allow the shop to remain open after that for an honr or so's 'graoe,' for ' oases of emer gency j' one-half or one-third of the employe's taking it turn and turn about to stop tho extra time.. The inveterate late Bhoppers would Boon be cured of their bad habit by this process, as they would not bo able to be. Berved in a hurry, and would Boon find out how much better it was to shop earlier:1 The ' principals' in the draperyestab lishments would not by this regulation offend good customers, nor be in danger of losing a obance sale through smaller establishments remaining open after the regular hour for oloBing, and the 'assistants' would have no just ground of Complaint about late hours. There is no man ner of.doubt that thij dlintate is too enervating to enable either young men or youn^ women to x preserve their health and stand, behind ,. a draper's or a grocer's counter as many, hours' per day as they could with impunity in the oiu country, and there is no necessity for any thing ofthe kind out here. The publio of Queens land adopt Emmerson's sensible advice and ' leave hurry to slaves.' t obargd nothing for my suggestion, but I am sure it is practicable, and if the master drapers would only agree among themselves to adopt it, we should hear no more about the ' early closing' grievanoe. 