At Her Mercy. BR THE AUTHOR or 1 ' LOSTSIRMASSIKGBBRD," " A PSBTBOT TrBASPBE, " The right ct pobHsltiiig "At Her Heny" in South Aimtxali* Imb tewtarobaied by the I*i«pr>«ton of this paper. ~ CHAPTER XLIII. AN HISTORCAL ERROR. "Two gentlemen to see you, Sir," said the servant, entering the study at The Cedars. "Mr. De Coucy and" —— "Show them in, show them, in," cried Mr. Hulet impatiently, putting aside his newspaper, "my dear De Coney"—— The words of welcome died on his lips, for close behind that well-tried friend hobbled John —Lord Dirleton. " To what am I indebted for the honour of this visit enquired Mr. Hulet stiffly. He had not forgotten the insult put upon him in that, very room, and his pale cheek flushed with anger at the sight of him. "To my friend and relative's sense of justice," answered Mr. De Coney. " Yes, yes, that's right—and to my Jack," added His Lordship, in what he flattered himself was a lower key. Mr. Hulet motioned them, to chairs. "Thank you, yes, I'll sit down," said the old Lord ; "glad to do it, Sir. (Wouldn't have done it the last time for £1,000, though ; not a bit of it.) I am come here— and an infernally disagreeable thing it is to do—to acknowledge myself in the wrong, Mr. Hulet. When I told you two years ago that you were looking to hook my Jack because he was a good fish for your niece, I committed a great impertinence both to that young lady and yourself. I can't say more—and never before said half so much to any man ; no, by gad." "You have said quite enough, Lord Dirleton," answered the other courteously. "If you bad known my niece, such a statement indeed would have been unpardonable ; but being ignorant of her character—and I may add of mine, though that is of less consequence— and judging her by ordinary standards, the idea was natural enough." "I must tell her myself, though," was the unexpected reply; "wouldn't miss seeing her on any account. Upstairs, isn't she ?" "She is in the drawing-room, I believe," answered Mr. Hulet coldly, for His Lordship's thinkings aloud" were by no means less objectionable in his eyes from the fact that they were evidently involuntary ; "she is, however, far from well to-day, and scarcely fit to receive company." "Lord Dirleton's visit here is as much on her account as on your own, my dear Hulet," urged Mr. De Coucy gently. "Yes, by gad," assented His Lordship, "and more too. Never should have come near the house but for her and Jack. You have received very scurvy treatment, Mr. Hulet, at my nephew's hands, though indeed he was quite unaware of the wrong he was committing. All his wife's fault, confound her; for my part I never liked the girl." "He has made most ample apology and amends, Lord Dirleton, and nothing more needs to be said upon that matter;" and Mr. Huet glanced uneasily from His Lordship towards Mr. De Coucy. "Oh, De Coucy knows all about it," continued the old Lord, interpreting his look aright ; "Jack and I have no secrets from him. Knows about how the screw was put on you—a most infernal shame—and what you really did that got you under her thumb. Foolish of you, very ; all resulting from obstinacy of disposition—disinclination to own yourself in the wrong (throw one's wife into the sea rather than do it ; umph, strong measure). Still, you suffered for it beyond all reason. What a life you most have led; worn me to fiddle-strings, I'm sure. You should have grasped your nettle. Throttled Judith; by gad I would. As it is, the sting is left in my poor nephew. Yes, Sir, he's a broken man. Listen to me, Mr. Hulet," continued the old Lord, in pleading tones, "for I love the lad, and cannot afford to lose him. The idea of the fraud to which he was a party—although as innocent of it as De Coucy here or myself—preys on his mind incessantly ; the idea of you and your niece having been ruined in order to fill his pockets is intolerable to him ; no reparation, no amends, can lay that ghost. He looks like a ghost himself, Sir. Think of that ; Think of that; such a fine handsome fellow as he was, and all his spirits sunk to zero." "I am sorry to hear this, Lord Dirleton, for I have a genuine regard for your nephew. Still I do not see how his case is to be remedied." "Well, yes, there's one way; that is what I am come about. (Dull old gentleman, very.) Jack loves this niece of yours still, Sir, and yet is profoundedly conscious of having offended her—by marrying the other, you know—past pardon. Very fanciful of him you'll say, but so it is. Now what I have come about is to gain her forgiveness—that will be a cordial to my Jack, I know." "I will guarantee that my niece will grant him that," answered Mr. Hulet ; "she loves him, even now, far too well to refuse it; but I cannot permit of your seeing her in person, Lord Dirleton, and conversing with her upon the subject of your nephew. It would only (if I read her feelings aright) awaken memories that are most painful, or perhaps even hopes that can have no possible fulfilment." "Why no fulfilmen ?" enquired Mr. De Coucy eagerly. "For a reason that Lord Dirleton has expressed, I understand, pretty forcibly," replied Mr. Hulet coldly. "He has passed his word, it seems, that his nephew shall never have his consent—and without it I am quite sure my niece will never be Mrs. Heyton—to marry into a Regicide's family. Now one of my forefathers, I own"—here he pointed to his respected ancestor above the chimney piece—''had the honour to cut King Charles the First's head off. 'What 1 did I am not ashamed of,' were his gallant words, and if it were to do again I would do it.' And I am proud to say that I inherit his sentiments." "Here you must permit me to say a few words," interposed Mr. De Coucy, producing from his pocket some old papers and pamphlets, "because, you see, this being an antiquarian question, is in my line, and I have given a good deal of attention to it. You may perhaps have forgetten (sic)—for the circumstance occurred when you were in great trouble upon more than one account— that I called at Cliff Cottage on one occasion for the express purpose of seeing you upon this subject ; but, as it unfortunately happened, too late to accomplish the object I had in view; that was no less than to remove if possible the objection of my friend and relative to your niece's marriage, founded as it was upon the part played in the national drama by our friend in yonder picture." "He is not my friend," murmured the old Lord sturdily ; "the murderous bloody villain." "Nay, nay," protested Mr. De Coucy ; "that is certainly not the case, as I have had the pleasure to prove to you. The fact is, my dear Hulet, there has been an historical error here. Your esteemed ancestor may have had all the will in the world to cut King Charles's head off ; would have done it, I have no doubt, gratuitously"Think of that;— "For a hundred pounds and preferment in the army," interpolated Lord Dirleton. "That is what his enemies said, my Lord. It is quite possible, and for the sake of our host here, I am most ready to believe it—that his ancestor would have cut the King's head off as soon as looked at him, and free, gratis, for nothing—only as a matter of fact he didn't do it.' "Didn't do it ?" ejaculated Mr. Hulet, "that is ridiculous. Why, I have had him over my chimneypiece for forty years, quarrelled with my brother-in-law, separated from my only sister, and been at daggers drawn with all my neighbours, just because he did do it. Read that scroll, Sir, that runs round it, 'What I did I am not ashamed of, and if it were to do again, I would do it.'" "Those words were imputed to him, my dear Sir, it is true, but he denied on his trial that he ever uttered them. He never had the opportunity of distinguishing him- self in the way that you imagine. The operation so graphically represented in that picture was performed by the common hangman, who indeed confessed as much. 'God forgive me,' he said (it was after the other folks had got the upper hand, you know), 'I did it, and I got forty half-crowns for my pains.' " "But this is monstrous, De Coucy ; my unhappy ancestor was tried for this very offence, and found guilty—you will find it in the State trials." "Yes ; but you will also find that he was pardoned after all on the ground of insufficient evidence, not to mention that he himself swore like a trooper (you know he was a trooper) that he had no more to do with the matter than the Archbishop of Canterbury." "Did my ancestor say that ? Did he really show the white feather ?" enquired Mr. Hulet, greatly agitated. "Then I must have been dreadfully mistaken in him all along." "That is certainly what he said of all the witnesses to his identity. Now if you'll just give your attention to these pamphlets, I'll prove to you without a shadow of doubt, as I have already proved to Lord—— By-the-by, where is Lord Dirleton ?" "He is here," answered the old Lord, coming into the room, with Evy leaning on his arm, "and in very excellent company. Seeing you both so immersed in antiquarianism, and for my own part preferring youth and beauty, I thought I would join the young lady in the drawing-room. 'My dear,' said I, 'I am come from my poor Jack, who can't live without you. In point of fact, he is on the high road to the tomb.' So we all are, you know, only I hope there are a few milestones to be yet passed on the way before he gets to his journey's end. Your niece, Mr. Hulet, has not the cruelty to kill a young fellow, though she has severely wounded an old one." Here His Lordship pressed his hand upon his heart and bowed profoundly. It was like a scene in a fine old comedy. Dr. Burne in the doorway was rubbing his hands, as a family physician might well do over the fruitful prospects of the house of Heyton. Mr. De Coney, with his papers and pamphlets, might have stood for the family lawyer, had he not here stepped forward and placed upon Evy's finger a ring which we have seen before, with the crest of her future husband engraved on it. "I told you once, Miss Evy, that I should give you this on your marriage day ; but since my cousin, the Captain, is so far away, I place it here in proxy for him, a sign of your betrothal—and a very pretty engaged ring upon your pretty hand it looks." Covered with blushes and confusion, Evy looked up to thank him, then turned to her beloved uncle to receive from him the congratulations which his happy smile had already ensured to her. and which she valued more than all. But at that moment Mr. Angelo Hulet was otherwise engaged ; he had climbed upon a chair, and was gravely occupied in turning the picture of his no longer revered ancestor with his face to the wall. "I was right in principle, my dear," explained he to his astonished niece, as he folded her in his arms, "I'll go to the stake on that ; but as to that fellow in the frock and vizard, there has been historical error," CHAPTER XLIV. CONCLUSION. Captain John Heyton did not return from the German Baths by those short stages and in that leisurely manner which invalids generally affect. He travelled by express trains, a quick steamer, and where steam was wanting, as fast as posthorses could carry him. It was not, however, without some feeling of confusion and shame that he got out at The Cedars instead of the Park—only imagine how that news flew like wildfire over combustible Dunwich — and was ushered into Evy's presence. His uncle had written to him, indeed, to tell him he was forgiven; but he was conscious his conduct towards her—the extreme rapidity with which he had transferred his hand, if not his heart, to another— was deserving of the gravest censure. He had absolutely no excuse to offer for it. Without being a student of human nature, instinct told him a woman would see none in the resentful pique which had turned his disappointed passion to another object ; and very wisely, without an attempt at justification, he threw himself on Evy's mercy— which, as it happened, was into her arms. Do not let us, as Mr. Angelo Hulet was so unfortunate as to do, intrude upon them at so inopportune a moment. "I gave you a quarter of an hour," explained he plaintively, "and thought all that sort of thing would have been over." His experience of life had given but a narrow limit to the duration of affection in such cases, and probably, therefore, to its demonstration. But the old man had a hearty welcome for them both. Nor did it ever fail him. He has not lost his darling, for the second Mrs. Heyton lives but a few minutes' walk from him at the Hall, and Dirleton Park is no longer a place forbad to him. He does not consider himBelf to lie under any obligation to its owner when he visits it to see his niece; and, indeed, Lord Dirleton and himself, considering that they have not a characteristic in common, except an inflexible obstinacy, are really on very good terms. One great bond between them is the affection they both bear for Evy. "I love your niece, Sir," confessed the old Lord on one occasion, " almost as well as Jack—nay, almost as well as Jack loves her, and, by gad, how I hated the other." There is no one, when he has the gout, who ventures to come within twenty feet of him except "that ministering angel," as he calls her, whose delicate fingers he even trusts to put the rag dipped in soda on his the to soothe its torments. It having been brought to his ears, I know not through what chaunel, that Mrs. Colville had said something to Evy's discredit in connection with the past, he taxed her with it; and on that unfortunate lady's failing to explain the matter so satisfactorily as was to be wished, he called her such a name as it is impossible to repeat, and which offended her so excessively that she vowed she would never set foot in the Hall again ; and she had to be asked to dinner there before she did. She had long ago, however, in common with the rest of the Dunwich gossips, abjured all her old opinions with respect to the mistress ef Dirleton Park, in whose position sot the slightest "incongruity "is now discernible. Even indirect ; connection with the house of Heyton works such wonders with these excellent folks that Mr. Angelo Hulet is a demigod among them, and to revive against him any such foolish scandal as once found such ready acceptance, would he held a blasphemy. As to the Coroner's inquest—down Balcombe way—it is generally understood that the Jury coupled with their verdict the expression of their respectful sympathy with the widower in his regretted bereavement. What, however, such people think or say, is now but of small account with either Evy or her uncle. The good opinion of those friends whom they retained m their adversity, and which alone is valuable to then, they still retain. To Evy's wedding, which, for more than one reason, and also at her own particular request, took place very quietly at The Cedars, in addition to Lord Dirleton's relatives (including, of course, excellent Mr. De Coucy), the Sector and his wife, and Dr. Burne, were invited Mr. and Mrs. Hodlin Barmby, and Mrs. General Storks. These last are also often guests at Dirleton Park, to which Evy has carte blanche from the old Lord to ask whomsoever she pleases. Lucullus Mansion, under its mistress's new system of management, has proved so excellent speculation that she has recovered out of it her husband's fortune, and parted with the goodwill to a Limited Company, under whose sway the food and wine are said to be as abominable as ever. He keeps his hunters (but not his racehorses), and much to their common advantage, she still keeps the purse. Years have gone by, as the inmates of the nursery at the Park abundantly testify, and yet Mrs. Storks does not look a day older than when we made her acquaintance at Balcombe. Every Christmas she visits her old friend, and finds her a "companion" as gentle and unspoilt as she could possibly have expected her to be, when she offered her a salary to fill that situation, and to "make the tea and arrange the flowers." She stood sponsor to the son and heir of Dirleton (Mr. De Coucy and Mr. Mellish being the other sponsors), and is a sort of fairy godmother (with endless gifts) to all the rest, It is said, however, that the men are afraid of her, and that she will at last succumb to the importunities of Mr. Paragon, who has asked her in marriage about four times. I can scarcely believe this, but he was positively invited to the Park during the last hunting season while Mrs. Storks was staying there ; and it is certain Mrs. Heyton did not ask "Jack" to do so on her own account. In her beloved husband she has, she imagines, secured a Paragon already. And indeed, though something too much of a centaur for the taste of some persons, he is a most excellent and faithful fellow, and knows how to appreciate the prize that has fallen to him from that matrimonial lottery from which he once so rashly snatched a blank. THE END. — — — NEW ZEALAND POLITICS.—Looking at tbe generally slow character of the New Zealand politicians, it has supprised (sic) many people that Mr. Vogel's far-seeing policy should have so long been pursued without opposition. There is at last a note of discord eounded by Mr. Waterhouse, though he has not yet succeeded in surrounding himself with a party. In his speech in the Council upon the Address in Reply he said:—"His Excellency's Speech contained nothing. During the recess Ministers had been fêted, and the Premier had been banqueted, and important negotiations had been carried on with the heads of provinces, resulting in large sums of money being promised to various provinces. There would be a great fight this session on a subject of which no mention was made in the Speech, as to provincial bor- rowing. In the matter of immigration he considered the policy of the present Government dangerous in the extreme, and that the Ministry had broken through constitutional limits last year, when £250,000 was voted for the introduce tion of 12,500 immigrants rip to the end of 1874, As soon as Mr. Vogel took over the Immigration Department 35,000 immigrants were ordered at a cost of over £700,000. Besides the introduction of immigrants, every one required to be housed, and for the first 12 months demanded labour instead of supplying it. In a very short time he believed that a crash must come, and he believed it was very close. Prosperity of the colony was not owing to public works, but to three causes—1. Rise in value of natural products. 2\. Confidence established thereby. 3. The public works policy giving appearances of prosperity, however deceptive. Bank returns showed that the people of the colony were owing £10 per head, and a tightness was already observable in the money market. There would be no fall in the revenue, hut great stoppage in private revenue of every kind. He thought the Polynesian scheme a problem." Of the objectionable policy a West Coast correspondent of a contemporary says :—"There is one thing certain—the policy, whether false or not, has done more, and is doing more, to develop the resources of the West Coast than any other previous one. Scarcely a day pastes but what some vessel arrives from Wellington or Lyttelton, by either Greymouth or Hokitika, with consignments of waterpipes for the various water races in course of building, or material for the Brunner Railway, among which was the first locomotive seen on the West Coast, which arrived the other day by the Kennedy." THE LANDS TITLES OFFICE.—The paragraph in Saturday's Register stating that it was probable that Mr. Gawler, one of the Solicitors under the Real Property Act, would shortly proceed to England to advise the counsel to the Government in the case of Palmer v. Andrews, seems to have been at any rate premature. Mr. Gawler requests us to mention that "he is not aware that there is any probability of his going to England as mentioned, and that he was not the authority for the statement." THE RICHEST MAN IN THE WORLD.—An English paper mentions that the richest man in the world is said to be Mr. Jones, the owner of a silver mine in Nevada, and a member of the Senate. He draws £50,000 monthly from his mine, and the recent discovery of a new mine will double this enormous income. MARAVILLA COCOA-—TAYLOR BROTHERS (the largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for purity—fine Aroma, Sanative, Nutritive, and Sustaining power; Easiness ot Digestion, and especially high delicious flavour* One trial will establish it as a favourite beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a sooth- Lig refreshment after a late evening. N.B. Caution,—" MARAVILLA" is a registered Trade Mark, MARAVILLA COCOA—The Globe says, "TAYLOR BROTHERS' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others, for invalids and dyspeptics we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinions, vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, &o.;, &e.; HOMŒPATHIC COCOA—This original preparation, which has attained such a world- wide reputation, is manufactured by TATLOR BBOTHERS, under the ablest homœopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine hs an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by TAYLOR BROTHERS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tinlined packets only by Storekeepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick-lane London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 