? I MONDAY, MAY l8, 1874. THE debt on the City Sewerage Fund is £374,699. Of this amount, £200,000 was incurred by the Government during the time of the City Commissioners, and the entire debt is secured on the sewerage works and revenues of the city. The works themselves are a very doubtful security for so large an amount. A statement handed in to the Solect Committee on the Working of Municipalities shows in regard to tne Sewerage Account, that there is due to the Got eminent (exclusive of interest) £200,000 ; that the debentures issued by the Corporation of Sjdney amount to £162,800, and that there was at that time a bank over- draft of £13,899, which-less £2000 in the Sinking lund-made up the total debt of £374,699. The evidence does not contain in- formation concerning the payment of interest on the £200,000 previously mentioned, and which was authorised to be borrowed under the regime of tne Commissioners, but it appears that the interest paid by the Corporation on its, debentures and overdraJt amounts to upwards of £10,000 a-jear. The interest on the entire 1 sewerage debt at the rate of 5 per cent, would be between eighteen and ninoteen thousand pounds per annum ! i What has the City Corporation to show as a centra account? The witnesses examined afford additional evidence that the Bysteni of sewerage ? begun by the Commis-ioners and extended by the Corporation is, as a sanitary measure, a gigantic inif-tnke-based on the .assumption that the barbour was designed by Providence to 'be converted into a city cess- pit-and that, financially, it is an immense failure. ,ln regard to the extension of the faulty system of sewerage by the Corporation, it is suited that further expenditure was necessary to completo the balance of the work com- menced by the City Commissioners, and " for the preservation of tho public health " it was found necessary " to construct sewers in other parts of the city besides those reached^ by .the works of the Commissioners." This process of extension has boon carried on by, a system df ' borrowing, irrespective of tho impossibility of obtaining a return to pay interest and working' expenses. In connection with the assertion that' the sewerage has been extended for the purpose' of preserung'the public health, the fol- lowing statements given in evidence before the I street committee ought also to Be borne in I mind :-. ' . " iMr. MACINTOSH informed the committee that unless alterations were made in the sowers, some of the most important portions on the harbour would soon be filled up with the debris from the higher lands, of the city. Ile added : " From the general plan for the , «owerage of the north-eastern portion of the city, adopted by the Uoternment before the Muni- cipal Council of Sjdney was in existence, the whole of the sewage of the city is conveyed into the harbour at different points ; not only filling up the portions of the harbour into which the main sewers empty themselves, but alt-o creating an intolerable nuisance, so much; so that at the outlet of the different sowers round the harbour, the stench is1 most terrible arid has been the cause of almost constant com- plaint ; and this brings'mo' to the second reason why I conceive a change to be imperatively necessary,, and it is this: If our present s)stern of" sewerage be continued there is very great danger that Borne pestilence will break out in the city in a^very few years' time,' from'the accumulation of the filth at the out- lets of the sewers. .There it so small a rise in Ihp tide in Sydney harbour-only some four or five feet-that there is no strong current to scpur the harbour and carry the offensive matter away.to sea. "Thus the sewitgo nutter .»eitles down 5n close proximity to the outlets of the sewers, silting up the bays and becom- ing a fruitful source of disease in the future." '1 he only remedy he can1 see ia the 'adoption ofjan, entirely new,system.of sewerage. *t He vajs that, for years past, " frequent "complaints haye been made as to the effect of the sewage matter upon the water and upjn'ithe atmos- phere." The general effect ol' this evidence is .that the 'sewers aro injurious to the public health, and thfit a large sum of money t-pent'in their' construction has been' worse (han wasted. - ,'r , Mr. BRADRiDOE.'the City Surveyor, states, that'in his opjnion^tho .present system of sewerage is highly objectionable, both as re- gards, the health of the citizens and the damage whjich. is done to the harbour. He -says : ", Badjismells arise from the gases which are exhaled from the sew age matter in the water, and {hey are disseminated over the city, ac- cording to the direction of the prevailing wind. There is a verj small quantity of sewage matter discharged into Rushcutters' Bay, for instance, but when the tide is out and the wind is blow- ing from that direction I am obliged to put my handkerchief over my face as I go along, the smell which arises from the head of the bay being so offenste. If the smell is so bad there, where there is scarcely any drainage intf) the bay, it must be a great deal worse in ttho8e thickly populated parts of the city «\h<jro the sewage flows directly into the nmjbour. * * * Down at the Circular Qulty, where the Manly Beach steamers start fiom, when the paddle-wheels of the vessels s ii; up the water the stench which arises is intolerable. I have had to move off from the A. S. N. Co.'s wharf from the same cause, the' smell there" is so very bad. In other places where there is a sewer, the same dis iigrjeeable odour arises. To mo it is not simply offensive, but it affects my health." There ia some other evidence of a like kind showing hat the public sewers are a public nuisance ; that they rolieve one portion of the city at j the expense of other portions, and that the injury they are inflicting upon the harbour is too serious to be i ignored. But bad as are the sewerage arrangements, regarded from a sanitary point of Siew, it l8 shown that the financial aspect of the question is equally deplorable. Although the total debt on the sewerage account is £374,699, during tho year 1872 the amount actually received as sewerage rates was unly £1358 ! In 1871 the amount received was £2568. In 1870 the amount received was £4219. In 1869 it was £4397. The gradual i ailing off during the four years referred to is t xplained by the fact that it became more gene lally known that the Council had not power to tnforce the payment of the rates. But in the early part of 1872 instructions were given by the Corporation to recover by process of law. Am action was brought into the District Court for that purpose, and it was defended. The decision of the Judge was adverse to the" Corporation, and there was no appeal. Pre tiously to this there had been considerable demur to the payment of sewerage rates by those who did pay them; but the effect of this decision was to stop payment altogether ! The Town Clerk told the committee that the i ates from the first had been paid voluntarily, us the Council had never been in a position to i ecover them except by an expensive legal pro- cess.- The case, therefore, stands thus: Debt, £374,699; income, nil; chirges on the i-ewerage fund for office expenses and cleansing of sewers, between £1500 and . £1600 per annum ! And yet it is said that " the Council are continually laying down new sewers by the ¡¡?sue of debentures !" In view of the foregoing evidence it is not exaggeration to say tbat the sewerage works ure a gigantic mistake regarded from a sanitary point of view, and that, as a financial scheme, they are an immense failure. THERE is no object for which the people of these colonies submit to taxation more cheer- fully than Education. The educated desire to i-ee the institution of goed schools and teachers in every district of the colony as a material ¡iuarantee for the safety of existing institutions und future progress. The uneducated desire it fiom a feeling that their way upward is blocked without it. No better evidence of sincerity is to.be found..than in,,i,he. annual ; reports furnished' by the several' Boards jand Councils of Education, and the votes annually' given by the Colonial Parliaments. Thus we observe that every able-bodied man in Queens land is taxed for instruction at the rate of two pounds sterling, and in this colony at the rate of one pound four shillings. The sum is not very great in itself, but as compared with other things it is. It does not seem to bo much for a man in receipt of good wages to give to the came of older and progress- for tho main- tenance of a state of thin?« peculiarly favour able to the de\ clopinent of his own industry which is really ihe effect of schooling in our towns and country districts» It is generaly acknowledged that less would be domanded for police, und gaols, and magistrates, if, more Vas expended in teaching people to read : but until recently people havo prefeuod to bo at the trouble of hunting down and strangling the offspring of ignorance, than to light* up the land and allow no haunt to the foul propa- gator. How long this, old world method .would havo continued ' had hot America preached a new faith, it is impbssiblo to say ; but America's noble solicitude for the instruc- tion of her sons has proved contagious-the example has spread far and wido-and though she still stands unrivalled in what are called self-sacrifices for national education, but are no more self-sacrifices than nil expenditures for the inciense of the commonweal h, the dis- tance between her and her copyists is lessening. It may be many jears before the traveller shall behold in the old countries of Europe the marvellous provision for, the Schooling of the children which strikes him in the United Stales, ,but, the light is spreading, and {he schoolmaster is coming to be regarded as one ,of the economic forces of the world. Under the old forms of despotism the common people might know too much for the security of the d) nasty; under the new they may know too ¡little -for'ita Bafety. What is the con ' elusion as to the shock of war between France'and Germany? Had the presence ol the Bchoolmaster in Germany no part in the tiiumph of that country? Can the humiliation of'France bo attributed in no degreo to his absence there ? Was it a small advantage to the invader to know tho goography of France better than the French ? .Education is no more the amusement of the sentimental and benevo ltijt; it is a recognised auxiliary of militar) power. " Providence favours " no more " the biggest battalion," but the keenest wilted and ltussia, when she .cpmes to throw her untutored hordesiupon the South and West, will find her path' barred,as,by'the sword of light winch withstood the Prophet in th'e^pass to the Hains of Moah. . > '< ' I In'the United States tthe training of the }onng is a necessity of State poli.y-not on the ground that the .State should consider and make provision for the ultimate destiny of man, for that it has nothing to do with, Cabinet Mi-isters being .not ministers of, religion, hut on the ground that education is as ¡ necessary in, a democratic State as the standing army called into existence by its internal differences. It is of little consequence, the American believes, how many people aro admiited to the suffrage so long as they can he reljed on to vote intelligently, upon proper reflection and information. If the people are not educated before . they are entrusted Nitfi political power, there caí he no! assurance for the continuance of the institutions that are planted During the political contests which followed the termina tion of the war, the most intensely radical ticction of New Englanders were exceedinglj solicitous respecting the education of former daves, we are told. They knew perfectly well that if these ignorant blacks were allowed to govern, fresh as they came from the cotton held and the sugar brake, great an.l wide- spread must he the mischief which would ms'ue. Hence the demand for confisca- tion of Southern lands, for the purpose of creating funds where«ith to found an- endivv schools. The admission to political priv.lege of ¡four millions of scarcely civilized voters was a violation of the creed of Massachusetts, that every man must be able to read and write before he is allowed to cast his ballot ; but the nation was then obliged to choose what was, thought to be the least of two evils, and since have not ceased in their attempts to enlighten the} African darkness. Of the importance attached politically in England and France to instruction the follow- ing! savings will speak:-" Teach the people to read," sajs the French Minister of Public . Instruction, " and ,}bu have only to place the right sort of books in their hands to work wonders ; teach them to count, and they will count the cost of a revolution." For his own country, Mr. Cn vn__« SIT/AET PAKK_:J- said, in an address on Na- tional Education in England, " Teach the working man to read, and let lum choose his! own books ; teach him to count, und he may count the cost of a strike." T,he political importance of education is as well understood in these coloiies as it is id America, and if the schoolhouse does not accompany the humpy so unvaryingly as it docB in the settlements of that vast countiy, it is because the apparatus is somewhat new and stiff; it is from no misunderstanding of the eflects of education in fitting the people to do thiir duly as citizens, to maintuin order, and curb vice. i 'One of the earliest'motions tabled in the pre- sent Legislative Assembly in Queensland had reference to the subject of Primary Education. Mr." PALMER, when in office, expressed his con- viction that it should not be a Government question, and now he is unburdened with office he can devote his entire attention to it. His bill for amending the Education Act provides for a free, secular, and compulsorj education, but allows the continuance of non-vested schools. Mr. LILLEY had introduced a some- what similar measure in the previous Parlia- ment, and pushed it on to a second reading, when it was abandoned, on the ground that the question had better be carried to the constituencies along with some others. The same bill is now taken up by Mr. GRIFFITHS, who will find some difficulty in getting the consent of the Anglican and Roman Catholic Churches to it. Like Mr. PALMER'S, it provides for compulsory education, but prohibits grants from being made to new non-vested schools, and sweeps away those now in existence at the close of 1876. The acqui- sition, als-o, of non- vested school proper!) by the Board is arranged for. If a battle must be fought upon this ground, it is as well, perhaps, now as later ; but the prospect renders the fate of the measure at least doubtful. With respect to Mr. PALMER'S proposition, it may be observed that free education is by him considered the logical accompaniment of com- pulsory education, which in England it is not. Considerable diffeience of opinion prevails as to compulsion. It certainly is not retmired where the parents are* desirous for their children to attend school, and their children not disinclined togo; and certainly it would be absurd, until schools or schoolmasters are \vithin travelling diîtônce-which'as1 yet they are not, either in Qúeensláñdor ÎÎèw South vValet. Those who I argue against compulsion in these colonies are, ' therefore, not without a show of reason. SürRMiE COURT-Business This Dty - Jury Court Stylo« ? Koys, pnrt hoard, Slo.tb.iin v ?Wiint, Abbott v Kitlmnn, 1 horno andotliorsv ThomV Bunco Court Murplij \ Vaux, pnrt hoard, Mullens v Crnw ft rd, nfsesament Rutter v Euther, Newman v. Bank of Now South Wale«. CHURCH OF ENGLAND, SURRY HIILS- In rcbrunrj lml, ut n public meeting presided ovor by tho Bishop of Sydney,itwns resolved lo Uko îmmediato stop! to próvido church accommodation for that pirtion of Surry Hills which has Church-street for its centre, and wh>re a [ik-co oí land, ooeupj iup a commanding position, for a church, school nuil ¡iiiioiiii^u hu bien soonrod A worMng oonitiiilUo WSB nppuiulc>d, nnd tho result bus bien that n largo mim of money Ima bean raised, mid a contract entered into for tho eroo tiin of ii school church of lirgo nccommoditicn On Siitutday niteinoon tho foundation stone was laid by the liicbop of bjdne) m thu ptesoncu ot n largo nnmbor of «lirons,including the Very Rev Dean Cowper Rev Canon« King and Stephen, Rev J D Brennan, Rev Dr Barry Rev Mr Moreton, and Rev Mr Taylor Ino prayo« at pointed for Ibo oociiMon li i\ lug bei n otrcrcd and portion« of scriptnro read Mr Frederick Phillips, (tho lion s-oro tnry) road tho content« of a docuinont, BOtting forlh tho oitcunmtAiiccs under vhioh tho church was erected and which MHB then phtod beneath tho foundation «tone, together with n copy of tho Hemli MiiJmpiir A trowel and mallet having boen pro to tod to tho Bihhop, ho thin dulj lind Iho atono. Buying -" I hy this nu tho found ition and corner stono or it sehool church to bo built in this plico in tho n ino of tho I ather, and of tim faon, and of tho Holy Ghost A hj mu was sung, and other v1")"* othied after which tho liishop addressed tho tuBCinblago Ho sud that tho oocnton, though an oidmnry ono, waa fraught with \ory importaut con- sequences to man} in tho community, and to many who should hvo after the) had rnssxl «way It was In such a building as this would bo that tho Gospel wts first pionchid in Europe It was in ii Email building of a tem- porär} eh muter, i robabl) np»n to the roof, in whioh tho Apostlo I'uul i reached by Ihn n\ or aido at l'hilippi They would ob'orvo that this I uildtng wu-s krmod a Behool home It Svouldbo a substantial si rueturo, but it wai lutond-d that hereafter it should gue placo to a church, porlmpj with tow'er and spires In tho meantime tho word of God would bo preached in this building, and thoprnyors of thoir boloved chun li otlcrcd, praj or» sutli na John \\\ ealey «poko of wlion ho baid that thtro MHB no Litany in tho world that would compare in iii Scriptural character with tho Liturg) of tho Church of England, and of which Robert Hall said that it stood in the foro fr nt of uninspired compositions lhat tho word of God would bo faithfull) proaohed thoro nono of them would ba\ o an) doubt who wore aoqu tinted with tlia eiert) man, tho Rev Mr Brennan A* to the future, while thoro vvero no doubt some dark clouds in tho sphoro of tho Church of England, at homo, thoro Moro miin\ thing« upon which tho) bud gruit roason to oon (.mtulato themselves nnd thank God Ho boliovod that there wns novor a ponod in tho historv of tho world in *blohthero woro so mnu\ good men engaged in doing ci od as there wore now , nnd assured!) tho Church of hngliind had ita charo of theso men 1 hore no\ or was a timo m which thoio woro moro av ulablo moans for ira piirtiDg i-piritual blessings to thoir fcllowmon than woro at nuik at this moment, and he thought tho Church of england might claim n shire of theso means Ho behoved that tho spirit of dovoteduoss, tbo «pint of love to God and to tho souls of men, was at Murk throughout tho whoio Church, and ho did not limit his remarks to tho Church of lingi ind which, in com panton with what was the ciso at ibis period of tho last eintun, constituted one of the most ni irvolloui changes that mankind had witnessed At tho nauio time (hero remained something to bo ncoomplishad, boforo tho Church of England could reclaim its prominent position as » portion of that reformed Church which had been the glory of Christ m tho portions of tho world in which it hid been placed Lot it bo admitted that there was somothing to bo removed Why tho finest ships that were e\ cr built must occasionally bo brought tutu a (In dock to be examined and cleaned Uoubtlofs souiu of thom had roid of tho wondorful incrus- tations nnd other retarding ni iteruila that had been found adhering lo tho sides of ono of tho most noblo ves-mls now in their harbour Bul it waa nu easy work to clear tho «nip of thiMi inciiuibrantes, and if at tho procont tuno alter three hundred jeaia lhere ha\o certain orrora orept ni, and there «ero iirlwn priclieca adhering to tho I hurrh of longland which tho Reformation had loft cloar, whi thin let tho Arohbiabop of Canterbury como forward willi his bill, and let the tait) second the oflbrta which his Grace was alum to make, and then when tho good ship of tho Church of England wna restored to its former condition of punt), and cleansed from all incuiubrances and incrustations which had ad bored to it, astUicdly it would proceed on its oourse nth fresh and happy \igour and still carry forward ho blessings of the Gospel to the pcoiJo Ho had great anson to teliovo that tb ro was a clango in tho stttoof I ublic feeling gmp|nl)) m England Ino membors of tho C1 uich of B-ngland, lilso Englishmen gononll), woro very oil rant and gruit forbt iraneo had been exercised tow irds i lioso w bom tin y belio\ ed to bo in orror Tho Church had boino a great de'al, but it hod borno as much as it waa liku!) Io bear , and tho timo was at band wbon tho I ci | lo of tho Church of Lngland, alivo to tho dan- gerous conspiru) OIL, m ¿mg against Evangelical religion, would anso nnd require that whatever was owl should be ut nwii), and that tho Church of England should not bo aricatured b) that miserable mutation of Popory called Kita ílhin Well would it bo \ bon this took ptaco, for m urcdl) Ritualism was a great roproach and ovil in the Church of England It was one of tho reasons for which bilp was withheld from it, ono of tho causes of froquont di\ lhion and ono of tho st tnduig reproaches against tho Church b^ thoao who wished its overthrow Ho must say fur hmi'-elf that, if ho did not bolievo that tho Church IOUIU bo reliovod from thero ovil«, ho should take very little interest lu tho extension of tho Church of England II is faith w as notât all shiken, for ho boho ed that it would please God to hear the devout prayers of His people lo mate tho Church «gun mo glory and praise of tho «oild This puticitlar eilort hid his most cor- dial sjiiipiitliv, and ho congratulated thoso spcct illv interested in the success of their offûrts Ihe building -would cist ¿1100, and it would sont lol) adults One third of the sittings would bo froo Ho iiustid that a cunsidci lble addition would bo mado to the means at tho dispos il of the committee A collection wai (lien mude, and amounted to £oG Hie Bishop closed tho proceedings with prav er ind the benediction The nsw new building will be 75 feet long by 35 feet wide, and 30 feet high from the floor to tho ridge, with one porch, and two side porches, as entrances The foundations will bo of stone, tho walls of brick and the roof shingled, in one span, tied with ribs which will Fine as rupports for tas tube lights Ihe front of the building in Church-street, will bo ornamonted with bricks arranged in varied colours, in bends and arches, with ehiselfed stone corbels, finials, and ribbon und shield, with imino of school and } ear uf erection in ineised letters picked out m colour, the minn gable to bo finished with motal terminal lho windows, sixteen in number, aro to bo filled vvith diamond leaded eiti irne« and ventilating tubes oro to be built at intervals in tho walls Mr Alexander Graham, of Redfern, is tho builder, the contrict price being £830, w ithout tho fittings It is prohibió that the Sitings fencing, eve , will involve another expenditure of £300 The archi- tect is Mr Albert Bond, city architect, Bell's chambers It is expected the building will be completed in three or four mouths time ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL. -Mr. Jacob has siven notice of tho following new clause to be inserted in the Electoral Act Amendment Bill :-" No person who shall havo taken the benefit of any Act for tho îelief of insolvent debtors »hall, until ho has obtained s curtificato of discharge under tho said Act, or until his ' estate has been duly released from séquestration, bo capable of voting for the election of a mombor of tho Legislativo ABBembly, and any porson voting contrary to ihiB enaotment shall bo liublo, on summary conviction beforo two Justices, to a penalty not exceeding Ave pounds." EVEN-HANDED JUSTICE,-The old story of the lawyer swallowing tho oyster and giving tho litigants a shell each was forcibly brought to the remembranco of thoso who were present at tho conclusion of a caso hoard boforo tho Goulburn magistrntos on Friday, whon tho clerk of Íletty servions held out his right hand to receive a ton shil ings lino with costs from ono disputant, while manipu- lating vi ith his loft hand a simili<\- amount paid by thootior litigious individual. Somo next-door neighbours (observes Um eVorer/ir»« Jrgus) hud quarrelled, and, after »wordy warf aro, each ono rusli-d to Court to complaiu of baa lunguogo used by the other. The Bench, viewing the matter aa a caso of "six of one and hiilf-a- do/en of tho other," lined them both aliko, and with lighter pockets they left the Court, tesolved that, if not ablo to live upon moro neighbourly lenns, they would at all events rofraln ia future from seeking magisterial assistance to sottio their dit-putes. PEOPLE'S CONCEKT.-These concerts, whick ore now voi y extensively patronibed, aro gaining more »ad moro in popular favour with every week. On Sall«-*)' lust there was a very extensive programme, in which Messri. Andrew Fairfax, Jackson, Pearson, Hannan snd others, and Me i-diiHics Caldwell and Gray, and Misses Lea and May took tait. The ehnir was occupied by Mr. J. Woiirao, ÎI.L.A, Mr. James Walt,c_, M.L.A., being also on the platform. The hall vi as very well filled by an audience who very fully appreciated tho entertainment provided. THE CAKAIIDINIS.-The operatic and ballad comer!« ot tho School of Arti continue to bo patronised by lnii.!< audit nées. Tho Carandinis themselvc-wore always nble- tu induce good attendances of tho publio whonovor thoy ehof-e to appear at ono or other of our concert halls. But the entertainment« they havo lately been giving, and will eontiMlctogive for a short seuson, aro very loiioh mor« divon-Hit- than those given on former visits. IM ebai ming s-ongs and concerted pieces of Maajuao Cnraiidini and her acconiplUhed daughters do no1 now form the only attraction. But wo havo sketch» of ehiiracterby Mr. G. Cotterell, a very clevor imperson- ator. Bis protean performance- in tho melodraiM or " Tim Scheol for Sentiment," and the mt-meric stone*, in which ho impersonates bjth operator and potioat, woro intmsoly omusing and dexterously accompli«»-. . £» vocalist» Madamo and the Nu-sos Carandmi aro al»0**.*0^ well-known in Sv dncv to require much to be said fn weir maine-,'On Saturif.ry oveainz their pingrngprov^fw'^n«. of bppWe ; tho''concerted'pieces especially^oing <»«». lint ; i.nd fevcral reappearances boforo tho audionco hsa w bo made in response lo tho encore*. The singing ot nu. Henry Goidon W.B also much admired. lVo'iJBEáy,77,On .Friday,,...night last, about J-j o'clock,'Timothy Tiernoy, .".waiter in Mr. P. B. Larkin'«' employment, WOB on IU'B way home, nnd when at Gipps stroot, near tho Polico Barracks, ho was assaulted by threo men, knocked down and rendered insensible. On recover- ing-ho found ho had boon robbed of his purso and'seven shillings. Tierney had his head cut in several places and his arms, legs, and bank woro bruised. A NUMIIER of gentlemen, residents of Cook- town, mo about organising a prospecting expedition to search for coal. A sum of monoy has boen subsuribod, und a party of fivo men will shortly bo sent out with in- structions io thoroughly prospeot tho ' ranges and gullios in tho neighbourhood. Tho uharf ha", presented a very dcpolale iippcaronco for the last few days, owing to tho departure of the shipping ; tho Arakoon nnd tho Hannah Bloomfield being tho only vessels alongside All tho goods which Vieri» on tho wharf aro now romovod, oxcopt some timber and storcB recently landed. Thora is a total absence of tho bustle obscrvablo lately, and tho fow stragglors knocking «bout form a Mmng contrast to tho number of people alwaj-B on the wharf about a week ago. FATAL ACCIDENT TO A NEW ARRIVAL.-The Hamilton Spectator reports n fatal accident to a young gentleman mimed M'Gill, who broko both legs through a fall from his horao near Curnmut, nnd died on Thursday night from lothjaw. The deceased was only twenty-fonr years of ago, and bud bron in the colony only a fow months. Mr. M'Gill's parents resido at Innorlothan, in Peeblessbire, whero his father is a manufacturer. Tun ENDEAVOUR RIVER.-We have files from Cooktown to the 2nd instant. Tho Courier gives tho fol- lowing with respect to the Palmer diggings:-At tho present time thiru is little or no nowa direct from tho tolmer. The lntcst speaks well of tho nowly found reefs. Men havo ceased coming bick from tho Palmer in droves, from vi hieb vie infer that, as tho weathor has moderated, miners can get .to work again ; and, as wo hear but fow complaints with regard to tho golel-gotting, wo aro inclined lo think that thoFo uro doing fairly who aro now on tho field. During the past week largo numbers have been houily leaving Cooktown on route-foi1 tho Palmor ; so much so that the town now presents a somowhat deserted appear aneo compared with the past few weeks. Tho geno rol feeling among the miners who have boon on tho field is that tho Palmer will eventually turn out right. Wo have hoard tho opinions of practical mon, and thoy say, provided provisions could bo obtained at n roason ablo rate, miners will dowell as long ns tho fiold is not evonudied. I ho escott left Cooktown in tho early part of tho week, under clmrgo of Mr. Inspector Clohesy. Wo believe tho Government havo mado a mistake in charging Is. Cd. per ounco for the carriage of gold, and think that, tho miners will rcceivo tho fact with disfavour. People hero boliovo that tho general duluess which haï recently prevailed among the mining community will tako a ohango for tho botter, and wo trust that wo shall bo onablod tb abromóle a much healthier slate of things in tho course of a few weeks when tho miners " tako heart of grace " and consign their trcat-uro to iho caro of Inspoctor Clohosy. Wo , havo received tho following communication from our correspondent :-" Lowor Camp, Palmor, April 20. We wero just congratulating oursolvos on tho disappearance of tho wet season, when the weather again changed and damped our prospects as well Bs our shirts. Work was being curried on in a muoh inoré energetic monner than previously, when tho rivor cunio dov\n and pul ti stop to it. Tho roturns, as far as I eon seo, uro nothing to warrant such a rush as has set in. Tho average lind per week does not exceed ono ounce, aud tho prico of rations (when procurable) is high ; for instance, flour Is. Gd., sugar 2s,'tea fls. There aro llvocamps on tho river ; tim first you mo-1 Coming fr m Lower Town is tho oldest, and there Mr. St. Ge-orgo resides, who, by-tho-way, I must tell you is very much liked. Mr. Pyfo (his assis- tant) residcB some ÚU miles up tho river. Owing to this wet wenthcr all communication between hero and tho uppor oanipshas been »topped, co that I om unable to Bay whother anything fror-h has been opened or not, but I feel' pretty certain that somo-good finds will tako placo now that tho ravines aro workable I shall koop you botter posted up with the nowB in future. I hoar tho mail is about to be run,; The health in general is good, a fow onsen of dysentory aro all 1 havo met with. I must abruptly close this as the niailis leaving." A DEMONSTRATIVE CLIENT.-An amusing in- cident occurred in the Goulburn Polico Court on Thursday («vye tbo SotiUurjt Argus) when a legal practitioner was subjected to nn indignity consequent on tho advice ho had given to his client. '1 he learned gentleman was defending an oxcitablo member of tho fair sex, nnd wns -Bo repeatedly iniorrupt-d by her in his explanation of the circumstance« of tho case that ho at length sat down, and told tho lady to show to tho Bench herself the mannor in which Bhohad boen treated. This Bhn accordingly proceeded to do, and in demonstrating the conduct of ono of the vvitnossos for the* prosecution, seized hold of her udvocata, and in spito of remonstrance dragged him forcibly from his chair, an escapo from being landed on tho ground in an nndigniflod position -being only otlbctod by his grasping (irmly tho' edgo of tho table fronting him. Fortunately for tho attorney neither blows nor kioka formed any part of the .ircumstances baiug represented, for had thoy dono' so it Is" most probable that tho lady would in hor exoitcment havo fully oomplctcd the demonstration. SINGULAR ACCIDENT - The Bega Gazette re- ports that Mrs. S. Thicknesse, of Bembooks, met with a serious accident in a peculiar manner, on Friday last. Mrs. Thicknesse went out for a walk with some children, and coming to a clump of dead wattles not far from Mr. Power's house, she tried to pull down a piece of stick which was lodged in one of the trees. The very slight effort used as sufficient to cause one of the trees to break off short at the roots; the tree fell on Mrs Thicknesse, and pinned her to the ground. The children gave the alarm, and Messrsl. Power and J. Kiss ran and extracted Mrs. Thicknesse from her position, and carried her home, when it was found that a shoulder and leg were dislocated, and it is feared the latter is broken. SEVEN DAYS WITHOUT FOOD.-A correspon- dent in the Gawler Ranges has sent the following to the South Australian Register :-" On April 15, as Mr. R. Lockwood, of Warrow, was going to water his sheep, he was somewhat startled at the sight of a gaunt, tall, emaciated figure of a man, whom at first sight he knew to be lost. The poor fellow, who gesticulated vehemently and spoke incoherently, had been wandering about with- out a morsel of food for seven days. He would un- doubtedly have perished had not Providence directed him to water, and during the whole seven days he was never without falling in with that precious boon. As soon as his strength would permit he was taken to a camp, and such nourishment was administered as the place could afford. The man, who was in the last stage of exhaustion, rallied, and is now speedily recovering." THE DARLING RIVER.-The following is an ex- tract from a private letter recoived in Adelaide and d«ted Avoca Station, Wentworth, May 3 :-" The Darling is riBing hero at tho rate of ona inch per diem in consequenco of a fresh caused hy heavy rains at, Bourke. The river is now railing both-thoro and at Wilcannia, but tho flood water is at its height near Menindio, and is likely to continuo to rise in this locality for somo time. The squatters aro in hopes of getting their wool down ox pcditioUBly this season owing to tho great increaso in tho number of boats plying on the Darling. This his arisen chiefly! from, tho diversion to a considerable extent of water trufllc; caused by tho now railway to Albury, that formerly existed on tho, Upper Murray botweon that place ana Echuca-tho vessels trading ou that lino having removed to our river. Tho' lam' ing is proceeding with uniformly ' satisfactory results. We havo not had any rain for nearly a month, and the country wants badly tho refreshing .«howers. Grasshopper have mudo their appearance, but, recent cold nights havo nlmot-t ridded us of the post. Labour is senrce, teamsters, tank-sinkers, nud wiro-foncors being in special request. Good wages may be oarnod by competent men." A NOVEL CASE.-A case of importance (says tho Jlatlaráf Evening I'osf) to the JewiBh fraternity was heard at tho Town Court, which excited no little interest. Tho proceedings wiro taken by Bonior-constablo M'Gann against a member of tbo Hebrew persuasion, named David Book, a coidwiiiner, resident in Main-streot, for huving exercised his calling on the Sabbath day, nnd were laid under a .very old Act, passed, in 1670, during tho roign ot Chailcs IL, cap. 7 of 29th Car. II. The offenoo was . clearly proved; but Mr. Dyto, who was on tho Bench, con- sidered that defendant, who observed the Jowish Sabbath, should not bo punished for non-observance of the Christian one. Mr. Gaunt remarked that tho law was clear on tho point that the " Sabbath, usually called Sunday," should bo obforved, and fined the defendant 5s., and js. costs. Mr. .Dyto objected thereto. Mr. Gaunt : The punishment in England, in default of fino, is oonHnoment in the stocks. Mr. D.vto: As I read the Act, the penalty cannot bo re- covered. Mr. Gaunt : Yes, it can, uudur tho Justices* Statute NAMES, OÏ PLACES IN TASMANIA.-A corre- spondent of tbo Hobart Toten Mercury asks whother the aborigines or the Europeans named certain places in Tas nioDlii. When, on tho 23rd November, 1811, Govern ir Slaoquario went down from Sydney in the armed fonder Liidy Nelson, to p.iy his first otllcial visit to that colony, which was then, and continued up to 3rd Dccembor, 1825, a dependency of New r-outh Wales, his Excellency wont »cross the îslond, accompanied by his lady and their nephovv, the A.D.C., and Mr. Evans, tho Survoyor ueneral, and their routo is marked by tho names of himself nnd his nativo place ; his wife and her nativo place, and a Ft) of noted places in the Bible, a copy of which tho stanch old Presbyterian always carried in tho breast pocket of his PI"*' ",~^cnCfl yia have Jericho and Jerusalem, bocauso noar rlat Topped Rill ne you go from Jerusalem to Jericho li? W"8 Bu mmc^ ^and of bushrangers, amongst whom (BB he of old did in going down from ono place to tho othor) unarmed travellers vvcro suro to full. Wo havo Macquario ftrcot, river, -plains,' harbour, and mount ; and Lachlan lliver, and township (his Christian ñamo was Lachlan). Wo havo Elizabeth (his wife's name) rivor, town, mount, aE»*irfet. Wo have Campbell Town, his native pUco. »nil'Perth, his native plnce. - . . REV. MR.'ZILLMAN*S LE_TtiRE.^In the report in the Herald oi tho lecture delivered in St. Barnabas' fcchoolriHuu, Glebe. ' a " tho Pld Catholic party in Ger- many, -wo 'are desired to state' that "thosrf who weiro itïCOnmîJn,catid *"cro " Prills " arid not " bishops " of 1 A i1 i ic Churcu m Germany; and that when sus- pended they wero supported by their respectivo Govern- ments and not by that of Prussia alono. 