AGRICULTURAL NOTES. If other indications of advauc««® were wanting, the fact that an A& tural Society has been established on North Coast, and that it is about to < its first exhibition, would furniB i s ^ cient evidence of the progress going i that part of the colony. u .® , Agricultural Association fron) large area of country, extendi'a _. ver t Port Sorell on the east o , ® nfoi-tu- Leven on the west, ana pea nately ' the distance to be jj in sending articles for exhiui practically greatly increaseo > tire character of the roads, or tne ^ , absence. Yet everything ^"fweta beginning, and if the P} one f* £ their encounter difficulties unkno^^^dit successors, the greater wUU>e tsli0* to which they are entitled. l» e j ield * of the Devon Associationi mU { o r 0» the Don, in premises kmdly ^ s occasion by Messrs « J£ Henrv, on Wednesday, ^"Jfltfi ^ tries "must be made not 27th. We bavfi AorJ^rt;.?. -coa^ance ffin6 weather ipr, farmers. ,Rainhas in fallen oyer an .extensive area, but ^flias been followed by fright, stinriy V' ' Frosts are still very Sight. Tlie Western Agricultural Society's iituwn show took place on Wednesday. Considering the season it was pretty d, but that is not such a description gq°wc should like to give of exhibitions of fhis sort. The entries are riot sufficiently numerous to attract the general public, j thja again reacts upon the entries, 1 producers will not incur the trouble and expense of exhibiting with the prosect of but few visitors. Local shows nre very well in their way, but they are ' 0t likely to do much good. In consequence of the rain the Morven Show has been postponed till Wednesday next. hi passing through our most productive agricultural districts anyone at all conversant with the system of high farming n'ursued in the old country must be struck with the small quantity of stock in proportion to the area tilled. And yet the rearing an d fattening of stock, under judicious management,is indispensable to profitable farming- The New York Tribuite cWes the history of a farmer in America £ho has kept sheep with great success. He went as a soldier, and in his travels observed somewhere how valuable sheep were for renewing worn-out soils. At the close of the war he returned to his farm, which was a very poor one, and purchased thirteen ewes, ail that he was able to buy. He put them in a small field of briers and weeds, which they soon destroyed, and he fed them on bran and meal. In the winter !ie sheltered them, well feeding them with hay, and in spring he had thirteen fine laiiibs. Saving the manure, he sowed the old brier patch with corn, and harvested a fine crop. All his spare time was devoted to caring for his sheep. The next spring he had more lambs ; lie was able to plant more com. Then came more lambs. Then he sowed clover, and grew turnips ; and now, as the result of such small be- • ginnings, he has several hundred of fine young sheep, free from disease, bringing 111 2000 dollars a year, while his farm has become extremely fertile, ajidhe is a wellto-do man. Referring to the New South Wales Agricultural Society's annual exhibition, which opened at Sydney on 13th instant, and se®ms to have been a great success, The Town and Country Journal says that in no previous year has the wool attracted so little attention. For the 72 exhibits, by 1G exhibitors, about 16 prizes were awarded, a good proportion coming to Tasmania as follows:—Incolonial. Class I., greasy clothing, six fleeces rams', unskirted ; there was considerable competition between Gibson (Tasmania), Currie ("Victoria), Fisher (Adelaide), Olive and Hamilton (Collarov, N.S.W.), and Loder and Letlibridge (also N.S.W.) ; the prize being carried off by C. B. Fisher (Ade- laide), Mr Gibson (Tasmania^, second. Open to all—Greasy combing, 6 fleeces rams', unskirted : 0. B. Fisher, prize; J. Gibson, honorable mention. Greasy clothing, 6 fleeces ewes', unskirted : J. Gibson, prize. Washed combing; prize, silver medal, bale of not less than 2001bs. net, containing not more than 100 fleeces of ewes', skirted : J. Gibson, prize. Some little time ago we described a plough with a revolving mould-board that had been designed across the Straits. We observe that this, or a similar plough, is now at work in Queensland, on the plantation of Mr Pinwell, Albert River. merit of this plough consists in its alleged ability to clear itself in sticky land. The clopng with weeds and earth that impedes the work of ordinary ploughs is overcome. It is engaged at present in turning under surface -vegetation four feet m height, and this it is said to accomplish effectually. It claims to run a aorse lighter than the ordinary plough, and is also fitted with a revolving coul- J ^instant letters patent were L ^ ^ R^ert Hall, of East Colmll; ' f °l. an inv ention of improve- " machinery for cleansing wool, by «h eh the dirty wool supplied! one end K ^r par f us » tu ™ed out clean and more „tv ^ Tt consists ° f <® m^ prehmmary scouring tanks, in which e ™ 0l „la washed by means of a T and an Stating fork, , iEr the -wool'through the » a ° d fevers it within the range U e^V° r , k ' which • Kfts "an jeeted tn i weeper,' where it issub- C a Of .Clean hot water. C L S 1 * 1S - ^vered into another when'Z mt °, ^ataijiipg.,cold and l/JIi^ „T w ° o 1 » again submerged, ^atl er ;,\ de - r by two ' sete of revolving foA tlienm er u m 8 «<«ession.. Another dined crePn^ ? n to .?«other .endless inby cold ' it w ahowpred upoi between T^ u a afterwarde deliverei out m l J T * ^rej-which sque^l Pressed w 0 0 i J ^ ® ^ allow th4 falL on another endless clwmber ^ Ju-\ aite -diying tlle W w M ST] 1 ?re 80 W g e d f f i f UBtil it h Z L w , f l° m one to t-hfep^ •Has travelled overthe whole a^es,, jvhenitJs. dfipBBited .in a TiMkel or otlief According to the Gippsityul Times, stock .in that part of Victoria, are eufferingextensively from eating the poison plant lobelia. Confirmatory of the advantages of early sowing, for which we have long contended, we extract from the Melbourne Leader the following remarks on the last Victorian harvest:—Another matter worthy of note iB what our correspondents say relative to the time of sowing. In about eight cases out of ten the remark is met with, "the grain injured by the .heat." Again, we have "Early sown wheat the best crop," " Late sown wheat the worst crop," " Early sown wheat good," " Early sown crops best," and so on. The deduction to be drawn from tliis is, that not only is early sowing good as a general rule, but it is likely that it would have been particularly so in the late harvest. The failure or non-failure of the late wheat crop hinged upon a matter of some three weeks' time. Had the crop been three weeks more forward it would have been past the critical stage at which the sudden heat caught it, shrivelling the half-filled ear. Not only does the necessity for early sowing apply to wheat, but also to oats, according to several reports, of which this is a good representation :—" Early sown wheat good ; late sown bad and blighted. Early oats good; late bad." In nearly all the reports admission is made of an exhaus- tive mode of treatment having been pursued that no soils, however rich, could be expected to stand ; and the general idea conveyed is that the present' condition of things in our old districts in regard to grain-growing is not attributable so much to climatic suitability as to the bad system, or rather want of system, on the part of the farmers. The steam plough (we learn from the same authority) which was introduced into the colony by Messrs. H. P. Welch and Co., and tried a few years ago at the Model Farm, bids fair to be the implement' required on the large area of new land being prepared this season for wheat. The character of these lands being open level flats, without a stone or obstruction of any kind, is . peculialy suited for steam culture. A contract of 400 acres has been entered into with Mr W. J. Winter, on whose Stanhope Station, near Rushworth, a preliminary trial of the plough has been attended with the most satisfactory results. The ground, which is sticky loam and stiff clay, has been turned up to a depth of twelve inches with ease. A public trial of the machine was to be given at Stanhope on Thursday last. Jersey, though only a small island, is celebrated for the quantity and excellence of its butter. One custom prevails which might with advantage be adopted generally. The milk is drawn into jug-shaped cans, the opening being about four inches in diameter; tliis is covered with a cloth strainer tied on so loosely that it sags down several inches into the neck of the can. In the bottom of this bag there ,is laid a shell to receive the force of the stream as it is drawn from the teat. The milk flows over the shell and soaks through the cloth. This is certainly the most cleanly manner of milking that could be devised. The wet cloth prevents'any foul odour of,, the stable from reaching the mass of the milk, and any hair or dirt from the udder is at once held back, instead of remaining in the milk until it is carried to the dairy, to be strained. The cloths are easily kept clean and aired, and the system is in all respects a simple and commendable one. The "Irish-.Beetroot Sugar Company, Limited," have -just issued their prospectus, with a proposed capital of £35,000. The company proposes to rent an estate of about 600 acres, which could produce onethird of the required roots. They propose to pay for roots at the rate of 15s per ton delivered at the factory, and though sugar-beetroot cannot be grown to a .size like common mangel wurzel, yet when it is considered that often 40 tons to the acre of the latter is produced in Ireland, it would not be overrating to •(take a medium growth of 20 tons of sugar-b^et on .the same space of ground, which would yield £12 to the acre, a price in cowiection with .other facilities that would : ,remunerate the farmer. ; The estateiemg'iin the environs of Mallow, it ja one'.of the '.most '.oligible• that could, be selected.Besides railway communication indiffetent directions to move,.both raw material and manufactured goods, it. is also a district where dairies abound, and where the refuse of the root would haife the best chance of a ready market within a. reasonable distance, i The raw sugar-beet contains, say 11 per cent, of wigaiyof which in the process about 8 per cent, isextraptpd, leaving 3 per cent, in the refuse; but as the raw beet contains 82 {tor'cent; of ! water, whereas the refuse, by pressing, £>nly contains 25 percent, of ' aster, at/rfpUowa £he refuse ,is ,com-, ij^ed<)fnfiftrly,fpur,timesitlie o/ngin^lsolidjpattpr., \- The/r^Ens^pM^g, & W® jtiere.w no Kbju^tflbn in tiaying that,. a ^rjjpsijfa. l^^.'/fa^^.V^'kM'iiins in ja^nu-feiTnented ttatejIit is more t ,' n i " u" . suitable'fodd, less subject; to'waste, more palatable, and in every respect equal if not superior to the original root for both milk and flesh ,meat. To work 12,000 tons of roots the produce of 600 acres, will require 140 laborers, some of them skilled Belgians. Regarding what is the most fertilising crop to grow upon worn out lauds, ex- P e ™nents instituted by Doctors Weiske and Werner on the experimental farm at Proskau, >n Germany, prove that red clover stands pre-eminent both in quantity and quality of fertilisers. The yield from one acre left four and a half tons of vegetable matter, containing 193 lb. of nitrogen, or eight times as much nitrogen, four times as much potash, and six times as much phosphoric acid as wheat Tliis is estimated as heing potash sufficient to produce seventy-three bushels of wheat, phosphoric acid sufficient for 114 bushels, and nitrogen enough for 110 bushels. These figures sufficiently demonstrate the value of red clover as a pasture to be sown as a rotation on soils that have been severely taxed by the growing of cereals. Red clover, apart from this, exercises a good effect by striking its roots deep into the subsoil, and so promoting aeration. It is supposed that the supply of nitrogen is drawn by this plant almost wholly from the atmosphere, little or any of the elements of its constitution being drawn from the soil. The celebrated imported ram, " The Old Silesiau," (says the Sydney Tomi and Country Journal) once the property of Mr E. K. Gcx, which was the foundation of the strain embodied in the 2-nick aud full-eared Broombee flocks, died at Mr G. Davidson's, Murrungundy station, a few days ago, of sheer old age. His first price was £150. The Australian and New Zealand wools were extremely small in stocks at Boston in February. Port Phillip in grease was quoted 50c. to G5c. or 2s Id to 2s 3Jd per lb. for choice sorts ; New Zealand 48c. to 53c., or 2s to 2s 'Jl,d. per lb. choice, and both sorts at 45c. "to 48c., or Is lOid to 2s per lb. in ordinary condition. " The direct shipment of this season's wool from Australia and New Zealand had not then arrived, but there was a tolerably fair supply of California in the Boston market-, with good stocks in San Francisco. For choice, long, light, free fleeces of the California autumn clip, George F. Moore and Co., of Boston, quote—27c. to 32c., or 13id to lOd per lb., and for burry and slightly burry 20c. to 27c., or lOd to 13£d per lb., according to condition. The Sydney Morning Herald of the 16th inst. says :—By the steamer City of Melbourne, there was a consignment of wellbred merino sheep from San Francisco, which turned out to be scabby. They were not allowed to land, as the prohibition is still in force against stock from countries outside the Australian colonies. They are now under surveillance on board a hulk in Johnston's Bay, where their owner has placed them, and where arrangements are being made for dressing them, to prevent any possible risk of the disease spreading. It is somewhat remarkable that on the afternoon of the day on which these sheep were found to be infected, the chief inspector received a note from Messrs. Mort and Co., enclosing a letter from a correspondent of Mr T. S. Mort in San Francisco, warning him of the risk there was of scab being introduced by Californian sheep. Mr A. Macleod, of Bairdsdale, Gipps Land, reports a yield of 15,2921b. net of hops from his garden this season, of rather lesB than seven acres. These were sold at Is 6d per lb. OTTTBEEAK OP CHOLERA AT BOTSNOS A TOES.—Respecting the outbreak of cholera in Buenos Ayres, a New York paper of the 21st February says :—By the arrival of a steamer to-day from Bio de Janeiro, news is received that Asiatic cholera is raging at Buenos Ayres with intensity, claiming from 40 to 60 victims per day. The total number of deaths amounts thus far to 307. 50,000 persons had abandoned their homes in the city to seek refuge in the open country. The President of the Republic had also fled the city-for a healthier residence on the island of Carapacsay. This act of Sarmienio isunfavorably oQifon&pted; upon by the press." GOID , MINING.—A patent has been granted in Victoria to Messrs James Cosmo Newberry, George Henry Frederick Ulrich, and . Henry Yorke Lyell JBrown for an improved method of extracting gpld'frorii auriferous antirnony, ores, antimopial /popagtytinds, and.' antimonial mixtures.'' "The ores are: fnsbd with metallic antimony, so that gold becomes alloyed with the antimony. The alloys falls to the bottom of the material under -treatment, from whence it can be renpved. ,.When the alloy is sufficiently rich", jn goT4 th-ie^two metals sickSeparated by oxidizing the aqtii^ony mthe ordinary way.' LUMINOUS FUNGI.—Several species of luminous fungible to be met with in the forests of this inland, some of which re exceedingly brilliant and beautiful. A few months back we mentioned a group that we met with, one evening on the West Tamar road, between the residences of W. B arnes and John Thomson, Esqrs. One of these plants was as large as a cheeseplate, and a piece of about onefourth emitted suflicient light to read by. A rather droll adventure arising from tliis singular peculiarity is narrated by the Gipps Land Times. Mr Inspector Kabat and three mounted policemen were out one night searching for a bushranger. Observing a light in the bush at some distance from the road, they thought they saw the camp fire of the man they were after, aud made for the spot with cautious haste, each man dismounting at a reasonable distance,and proceeding most carefully on foot, revolver in hand. To say that the party were thoroughly disgusted when it discovered that the light that had allured them from the path was caused by a fungus falls far short of describing the feelings experienced by the gentlemen in blue. EXTRAORUWABY PIGEON- MATCH.—The long talked of challenge match between Mr Henry T. Turner and Mr John Wilmott, of flying a pigeon each from the tenth mile stone, on the Launceston road, took place this morning. Previous to starting from the distance place, it was arranged that the birds should be let loose at exactly nine a.m., and about that time a large concourse of people had assembled at the-convincing ground in Murray-street to congratulate the winner, no matter who he might be. The speed, of each bird being well known, a great number of heads could be seen stretching up towards the clouds in anxious expectation of seeing the birds coming home. At about seven and a half minutes after nine the hirds were seen coming at a terrific speed, and at exactly eight minutes past nine Mr Turner's bird was trapped, carried a distance on horseback about 200 yards, and won the match by about 20 seconds.. It is really something wonderful that a distance of ten miles could be accomplished in such a short time.—Tribune of Wednesday. MORTALITY AMONG CHILDREN. —At a meeting in connection with the Hospital for Sick Children H.R.H. the Prince of Wales remarked upon the Registrar-General's return, showing the large percentage of deaths among children. There is no doubt much illness would be alleviated if the external application of Mrs Johnson's American Soothing Syrup was used in teething. None genuine without the name of "Barclay & Sons, Farringdon Street," is on the stamp. Sold by all chemists. Agent—Mr Spicer, Launceston. ' 