JOE BLINKS' DRAG-, AND WHAT WAS IN IT. "NOT know Joe. Blinks ! and so long as you've been on the road," too: well, I am astonished, at you !" The utterer of the above exclamation was a portly and rather tall man, with a jolly, good-humoured face, but displaying that shrewd, kind expression which always characterizes the thorough " business man." His cheeks were bronzed and weatherbeaten : his nose was ruddy and blooming-whether arising from external exposure to winter storms without, or to the more potent and subtile influence bf whisky toddy from within, it would be impertinent here to discuss. His big body was carelessly thrown, half lying and half sitting, on one of those wooden chairs with round backs, familiar to smoke-rooms and bachelors' studies ; while his long legs were crossed, and his slippered feet rested upon the fender, exposed to the full blaze of a very tolerable fire. The person addressed was a thin grey haired man, who sat in another round- backed chair on one side of his. companion. The ? scene of the interview was the commercial room" of the " Bagpipes Inn," in the town ! of Muddlepool, of which they were, however, not the sole occupants. On the other side of the fire, in a venerable chair, studded with huge brass nails, was huddled a grunting, puffing piece of humanity; with a neck like that of a bull, and two legs which looked like those of an elephant in trousers j a couple of dumpy arms, and a stomach to match his unwieldly limbs. It was the landlord him- self. Seated on two or three other chairs drawn at a reasonable distance from the fire, and ensconced behind volumes of smoke, into which ever and anon a glass of toddy would disappear, were sundry other commercial travellers ; I say other because there could be no doubt as to the avocations of the two first mentioned individuals. All in the room, indeed, were neither more or less than " Commercial Travellers" or " Commercial Ambassadors," as I have heard them called "Bagmen," as they used to be styled-except mine host before mentioned, and the drunken old doctor in the far corner fast asleep, with his head upon the table. " Not heard of Joe Blinks !" repeated the jolly-looking man already introduced to the reader, with an expression of mingled wonder and contempt. "I couldn't have believed it." "I knowed him well," said the landlord, jerking out his words in short puffs like those emitted by a steam-engine. " Stopped here many and many a time has Joe Blinks." "They tell a pretty rammish tale about a scrape he got into once-don't they, sir ?" asked a one-eyed man who was reading the railway time-table as well as he could through his own clouds of smoke. " I should rayther think they did," replied our jolly friend, launching a well-aimed kick at an obstructive piece of coal on the fire which sent in answer a host of sparks up the wide chimney. «' "What was the story ? let me see," mused a young "envoy" loudly, dressed in the moat extreme fashion of the day, and with a dawning moustache, not advanced beyond the state of bristledom, under which a short meerschaum Bent forth fumes of more than dubious fragrance. As the words of this juvenile speaker seemed to intimate that he was fishing for information, while unwilling to admit his ignorance of Mr. Joseph Blinks' adventures, the bagman in front of the fire, looking at him with pity for his benighted condition, .said, " Well, I'll tell you, if the other gentle- men don't object. Joe Blinks' was a friend of mine, and a very jolly fellow was Joe, I can tell you, » A murmur of assent ran round the room, and thelandlordsnortedout abass accompani- ment of " Hear hear." " I never knew a chap in my life as could stand as much whisky, take as many orders, drive as many miles, and make love to as many girls in a day as Joe Blinks could." "Well," continued he, cutting another piece of lemon toflavour the glass of toddy standing" beside him, "Joe Blinks' when he was travel- ing for Baxter and Skinner, in the old country, in the fancy line, you know-used to do Wales a good 'bit ; and as it was his opinion thut there was more profit to be got in out of- the-way little places, that no one in parti- cular visited, than the big towns into which every traveller poked his nose, he used to get into wonderfully strange positions, and the strangest scrapes you ever heard of. Joe had a sort of drag or dog-cart, with a receptacle behind much too large for his pat- terns, though they took up a good deal of room too ; this receptacle at the back would hold two couples of dogs easily ; it opefted behind, and had a sort of catch that fastened it, not a loch mind ! It was very convenient to stow away Joes patterns, and his luggage, and whatever presents he might fancy to take home with him. The drag itself was not a handsome affair, but it. had a couple of large wheels, and could gi> over the ground in fine style when Joe's mare was in the proper humour. He had won thc machine in a raffle, and had inaugurated its possession' with a liberal sprinkling of whisky and gin toddy, and so he had a great respect and love for the queer second-hand affiir, far more than his friends and fellow travellers were willing to pay for it. One winter's night when the rain, and lin il, and wind combined together had pioduced a result not altogether comfortable tn any out-side traveller, Joe was sitting on his box seat, behind his little black mare, on the road from thevillageof Pont-y-what-d'ye call-it to the town of Llan-dash-it, or something like it ; it doesn't much matter though what its ugly name was, as far as the tale is concerned. Ic rained 'cats and dogs,' with a vengeance, But notwithstanding all the hindrance in un wet and wind, Joe's black mare, jogged patiently on, far more patient than Joe himself; who, I am afraid, swore at the weather and his business a great deal more ' than he ought to have done. One thing h uvever he made up his mind to do, and that was to replenish his interior at the very fi: st convenient place he came to. After some three hours hard fighting with the wind and rain, they came suddenly upon a M uttered village of low white-washed stone houses, situated at a short distance fiom which was a comfortable looking inn. Theie was an ugly bit of road between it and ti e village and Joe went picking his way along with the greatest caution ; but just as he arrived at the end of the lane the animal shied suddenly and darted nearly across the mad, all but pitching her master off his perch. Ji.e turned round suddenly to see the cause \- ut' his mare's fright, and caught sight of two figures leaning against the bank. '' Now foi it' thought he, and prepared himself foi mtack : but the great cloud just slipping quietly from before the face of the moon at ihig time showed to him- plainly that the figures were merely those of a tall, soldier- like man and a pretty little female figure, round whose waist the man's arm was passed, both evidently paying too much attention tc < ich other to take notice rf Joe or his drag. 1'.--lieved at once from his fears, and angry both with himself and with his mare foi being frightened at such a trifle, he plied the v. iiip vigorouslyand dashed on up to the door, He did not devote much time to the inspect- ion of the inn ; he threw down the reins, and louted 'Ostler' at the top of his voice : unrolling himself from his wet wrapper as he did so, and descending from the drag. While taking his grog, Joe had been fasting sheep's eyes at the young barmaid who attended him, and discovered it was the t ame girl he had seen in the lane a few minutes before ; and when he arose to look after his horse's welfare, and got to the inn «loor he again saw her and the tall man ir conversation standing on the other side, of the horse-road. 'I shan't,' Joe heard the girl say in reply to some request or other of the tall man's, ' ] shan't, and you can do as you like.' 'Very well, we Bhall see,' was the reply of the man, in a fierce tone, as he walked away into the darkness under the trees on the other side of the road. ' Good night,' called the girl after him | saucily, as she moved away towards the stables. The man, however, returned no answer to this salutation. 'Oh! a lover's quarrel,' thought Joe, and he quickened his pace, so as to come up with the damsel. No sooner had he done this than, like an impudent bagman as he ! was, he threw his arm round her waist, and , succeeded in snatching a kiss, at which theft I the barmaid gave a scream, but it wasn't at I all an angry scream ; on the contrary, a slight laughing tone lurked beneath it which seemed I to say, ' If you do that again, why. I won't hate you. ' So thought Joe at least, for he repeated the offence, and continued to hold her by the waist, though she laughed, and struggled, and twisted, and ran from one side of the road to the other, in her striving to disengage herself. Well, how Joe managed it, I don't know ; but he talked her over so well, that they soon become quite good friends, and they walked together towards the stable in a very pleasant and familiar kind of manner. By the time the stable was reached Joe had so far explained matters to her satisfac- tion, that she good naturedly submitted to another kiss before he turned in to see after the mare. After seeing that the animal waB enjoying her corn, and feeling in the cavern- ous recess at the back of the drag to dis- cover whether his patterns were quite safe, Joe returned to the inn ostensibly to enjoy another drop or two of toddy, but in reality to see the girl again. On arriving at the warm fireside again, and taking his seat, Joe heard the fat land- lady making some sharp inquiries of another servant about the whereabouts of a certain ' Mary,' whom our friend rightly enough conjectured to be the pretty barmaid herself. At last, when half-past ten had fairly turned, and Mary did not put in an appear- ance our traveller started to his feet, buttoned up his coat and prepared to leave. Paying no attention to sundry warnings about the danger of the road, he ordered the drag round, had his parting glass, and afterwards wrapped himself well up in his dried rug and departed from the friendly warmth oi the Gargoylean Arms into the dreary mountain road. He had not gone very far before he saw a flash, heard the report of a pistol, and fell something whizz by his ear. In a great fright, Joe laid the whip on to his devoted mare's back as hard as bc could, and crouching down to avoid anj further shot, dashed on at headlong speec for a good two miles. When the mare slackened her pace, Joe did not feel himself quite so comfortable ai he wished, though he had put such a lengtl of road between himself and the danger He found there was a curious sensation o impending peril creeping over him, agains which all the toddy he had imbibed was o no avail. The night was overcast again the wind, too, was raging and tearing alon: over the mountain-tops and through th bare boughs of the trees, and mournfull howling through the narrow glens, as i waining him of coming danger. Joe was getting more and more nervous but at what he could not guess ; without an known cause for dread, yet he actually tren: bled. It seemed as if some evil presence wt xoith him-was on his shoulders, was iidin along with him in the drag ; he turned roun once or twice, in a cold sweat, half expectin to See somehideous objeetseated on the backe his vehicle, mocking him with a ghastly grir In vain he tried to shake off the feeling ; 1 made a frantic attempt to sing, and wofull failed; his own voice soundingin theloneline! about him so strangely only served tofrighte him the more ; and he kept' fancying th¡ strange voices were whispering at his ea: All his old nursery stories of demons an goblins, all he had read or heard of spectre! ghosts, banshees or wraiths .came uppermoi in his mind, and he never had, that h remembered, felt so utterly woe-begon timid, and miserable in the course oí his lif But,even the most tedious journeys, persevered in long enough, come to enc and so Joe at last, to his vast delight, sa before him the lights of the town he sou gi for, and presently after was dashing up tl main street, which was almost deserted, whr the lights in the upper windows showed th¡ the world of the little town was going to its res The door of the 'Leek Hotel' was reacher and then all Joe's fears were over, and tl instant he alighted from his drag he felt as a weight had been suddenly lifted from h mind, and his timidity and nervousness we thrown back to the winds that were howlir behind him. 'Bring in the baggage,' he calle out to the boots, who stood waiting at the doi under the great archway of the inn, and 1 then made his way into the commercial roor. He had scarcely got into that warm snugger and was engaged in stripping off his upp coat when be heard a piercing female shrie and immediately after another in a diffère key, followed by one or two -male exclam tions of horror. What could be the matte Joe had made a step towards the door order to see what had occasioned the stran sounds, when it was suddenly flung ope and he found himself seized by the throat the iron grip of the bony ostler. To be concluded next issue. 