" ' < ' A'NUT1 FOR SPIRITUALISTS. (New .York Times.) i iiAftdr .a lappa of twenty-four years, Kociiesier -ipromiaos to- become once - more a . centre' -df at- ."traction1 to -invdstigators- of spiritnal pheno mena/1 In ' l849 whkt is known as _modern nwiMit-ivaliam m'riv fed 88ld t6 ll&VO; llfld llti Chifif start in that' hist orib dity. ; The Fox sisters, after having ". ta.iked " the spirit of a ipurdqred pedIar,Trciiri'! the malarious atmosphere of a collar at Hydeaville, Arcadia township, Wayne cou'nty, N'ew-'Ybrki proceeded to Rochester, ae tlioy asserted,, by spiritnal advice, and opened " public seapices at'Corintbiau Hall: A committee, of lespeotable ditizenB were appointed to inquire- as" to the nature of certain noises which were heard by the. /audience/' and; a report was .rondored.to tbe.offeet that, although a thorough- '"inquiry-had been instituted, it had been found impossible to discover the source of the noiseB. This wqe.accspted/by thousands of .-persons at the time as proof positive that tbe spirits of the- j. departed. might, under favourable conditions, .-turn to!eartli- eud do unlimited table-turning, , stamping,"-" and. bell-ringing. Ihe Foxes, \- having .-thus cunningly acquired a reputation . .for'wdnderfol " mediumship," were enabled to t nv'ieit theprincipal cities iu the country, and to: draw a considerable amount of gold into their: piirsep. '' " A few years subsequently, mysterious : "'ribises were- heard at a house in the vicinity of, Rochester, but they were soon forgotten, the: " cu'ribaity arid astonishment produced by the Foxes.- elsewhere having: proved the greater; j attractipu.. But now that the frames of thqse. "'girls" has been , so tliorougbly eclipsed by sotber/". mediums," the American spiritunlislB may find it profitable to make .use of some " manifestations " which are said to be at pre sent-in- full operation at the residenoe of Mrs < GaScoigne,- in the townsland of Chili; within a short distance of Corinthian Hall. We have it I'ori the'authority of the Roohaster Union, that Mrs Gascoigne, "with her family, consisting of herself; her aoii, twelve years of age, end several Bmaller.childreD, have been driven to the very brink of despair by the nightly ooourrenoe of .. the riiost-terrible noises, during many months." ' L3 ; Some years ago it appears that the mysterious 'jmririsibii-at Chili beeanie the property of a per son, the initial of whose name has only beou published by the Union. He made it his reai- "deride; "aii'd, 'for a reason which Has not been i expiairi'e'd', took Mrs Gascoigne into' his, service Vas. housekeeper.' -In this oapacity she bontinued ' down to about five or six riioiiths ago, when Mr A! died,- leaving her in possession of his effects; Fot afew nights after Ilia demise,/' the etilluess of death reigned." /i Scarcely, an entire week -iha'd 'passed, - however, when Mrs : GaBCoigiie'a repose was disturbed by " the familiar- foot-; et'eps"' of -the' deceased; . At first, she, of coarse,' Ihbugiit it was'faiicy, and tried to compose her-; self to sleep/butit'was ho use. She distinctly heard tha creaking of the door of the room -'.w.hich .hadi formerly been occupied by A., and 'presently she was sjtili further a|arfned .by the bed-alats, which seeiried to yield to the pressure of a human body. Then she heard what seemed to her liko sounds that would be produced by a . -person 'ennged in -the aot of putting on tight boots. Aseoon ob tbe last stamp' waa given to the mao:ifeBla.tidna wore more varied. The chairs and tabids' in' /thp - parlour were tossed about rather freely ,' arid at certaih'.iriteryals " a single ' /whistle,' "of an rippivr'ently liumari yqigeshril „and- distinot," was lioard by every- person in thq house.-, Mrs Gascoigne adds, that night after ' night a little dog that had belonged to the de;- ceased' rdsppiide to. tlie whistle in tlie most eaeft mariner, but never givea evidence of seeing any thing; To these singular pranks, doubtless lest '.they, should: become monotonous, the " ghost!" very of (en adds the more exciting one ofenhtphirig the bed-covering, with lightning quickness, from tlie almost paralyzed body of tlie twelve-year old Gasepigne. Four uietij neiglibours! Of ' tlie Gaaooignes/ it cqems, have repeatedly rinderjaVen to solve the .nyateryl '-Orief.'UiequVrir.riUtqspiUiyely'that aforni; which in every respect resembled Mr A. in tbd ' flasHpoh' .o'rie:pcd(isiori;pii8aed before bim aa he ."lay upon' a Ipuhge. He immediately jumped -'';Bp,;ialid had just'begun tb -gropribrid a numbef .'"of 'questions, when j the spectre, -if Buch' it were, /Spd'nAisaprieared." Mrs Gaacbjgneremaiiia ill /Ihe hquae py the ad'rice pf' oqurisei; for the p'nrr \- ..pojip of . inaki i) g good. her. qlaim to it iu law \- iCtjierwiae,-'. she declares .she ivou|d prefer.. to gather her oliiidren arotipd hpr, -and jakb Bheltet .-tin a biirn: i : < ; .-/ / i ' - ' I d'i Surely faotB liko these cannot -be allowed to go uninvestigated. ' The pedlar's depressed -"Spirit in-' ithi Arcadian ' o'ellar, - as material for !(aii-'"'exqitdment," jvas as' ; ii'dthing' compared /'with' the ifhisti'es, oldthesrsnatcbings, slid1 boot- f prill'iiigs of tiiis Chili/ghost''' " 1'he oppbjiluiiity /affordetl fora revival at Rpo|iestbrpf the sceriel Jof ibi9Jis decidedly ieinptiug," arid we shall b| .-.yeryninaoh suiprised i it is not taken afivpiitage -ilbf.;ii-Mprtoyer, ij would, he dojng a .kindly .iiservioe./to-a -muclkaffiicted-: family to.relieYe it :;:6f . the: -presence- of ,one of the moat trying of "annoyances;:--:----/.! > ie-Ur.T -i-.-v-.-'.; :t ' jjLt— ' ; " >v ' - - ) .i'l-iiaa - Bride, ".who said.- -'.'-/No, '/. at the ll-vALTARiOni -Sunday, as the Rev. Mr Gorman, '-'of'theUnitfed Brethren- Ghuroh in' York, Faj ''"ivasJ conducting the services -at 'the Union Church, Yockumtown, York County,' tho sexton ''/hkridbd /hi'tri' a ri'dtq After the sei-mori wap '-''dbinplbtbd the rairilstei! arindurided.he had thp 'pieaaure o/slating" tli'at a couple in the coiigregal- \- lion desired to be united in the holy bonds of rautrimpny, and tbat the candidates should im'- mediatply /present -Ihqriiselves. There was ji considerable flutter -in the assemb|iigie— every ujrc ovfiiiug uiuuuu iu oov wuioi After- some delay a fine and buoyant couple came marching npihe aisle to the altar. The . reverend gentleman immediately ' proceeded 1 with the ce'roindny, ' arid (be groom answered proniptly, " Yes, I will but, to the disinajr \- und ristonishmon't of the'olsrgyman and audience 3iiWheti.'iticame,to .the bride's turn she answered 'just ns promptly, "No, -"I -will not," an(l emiiingly. left tho oliureh all alono, leaving the : liaif;rahrr'ied man in a quandary what to do. " Such/is life."— 'B.dtiplpre'Suri. ..Singing to Cows.— Cows aro eooiable, and un- t deiBtand inoro tlian ivo suppose. Tlio way I came in, . ,pp;sessipn of this bit of knowledge, Tim and I use'd- to bing to oup cows. .-Thoy knew vory quick when Wo _ mjiangod fromono tono to another. We tried tjiem repeatedly. / When -we sang sober church hyrilup, .,. ."|hey,vwonid'lop their cars down, look serious, and \- chew their cud very slowly, reminding me— not iro v- .cr'ence .meditated — of nice old ladies in church, -listening-to-tho -words- of -tho- preachcr, -yet all the . time munching clover. Tiion we'd change to aonjio »quiokair,- " Yankee Doodle," or the like, and thcy / would shake tlieir heads, open their/eyes, blink at i us, as muek'ns to -say,? "Stop,, don't you know we / are tho deacon's c0w8?"But when wo would stop ori- s tirely, every cow would turn' lidr head, as if asking \- us to go on with our singing. If if wiis pleasant, we | generally, sang together, through the entire -milkinjg. ( Llove dear -animals that add so much to onr eopi- \- fnrt. 'Do vs. will vou not lie kind to the 1 daw ? f —Canada Farinor, [?] 