vol CLE OF THE PULPIT. logs upon tho subject has its place bore. At tho Catholio Apostolic Chnroh, Carlton, the Rev. Mr. Whltostono diseoursod upon the "Unity of tho Spirit." The Christian nimrnli eonsieted of thoso who had been baptised. Dipping in water brouBni s anoue regeneration and thu gift of the Holy Spirit, If done according to the rites of the Catholio Apostolio Church. But it would qot dc to vary in tho slightest from that partioalar proooBs, as the Christian Church must bo of one accord nnd one mind, or they couldnot bo baptised into ono Spirit. The dissensions in tho Churoh of Christ were so glnrlogtbat no two preaohere could bo found to enuncia the samo dootrino, and tho only way to ob tain unity was to havo apostles. Some evangelical proaohers said that thoy did n see anything in apoatlee moro that! i a y other office- bearers in tho Church of ChriBt, ' hut that was a groat miatake. and that was ono of tho principal reasons why tho Churoh had been In darkness so long ; but how the apostles aro como, being in tho Apostolio Chnroh, Carlton, and ChriBt consequently is : nigh at hand, at tho vory door. When Christ loft tho world 1800 years ago He said ho would como back vory shortly. Now, ho hadn't. Why? Because Ho could not. Why oould Ho not? Beoauso the churoh was so wioked and fonl and adulterous, that if Ho hod oomo thoro. would havo been no- body ready for Him. For forty years, ho (Mr Whitostono) had preaohod to thorn to bo >'< ono in tho Spirit, but thoy seemod as far from unity as over. Let them howaro lot Christ should oomo unawares and shut the . j a au».. La irtff. nnhaido where thore is weeping and wailing and gnashing of tooth At St. John's Churoh, last evening, Mr. Torronoo proaobod on tho words, Bleseod aro tho moroiful," with speoial reference to tho Society for tho Provontion of Cruelty to Animals. Ho oommoaood by replying to some of tho atrioturoB which appeared on tho pulpit in tho Press, observing that though Christ: never spoke without a parable tho pulpit was not tho place to tell atonos in ; its mission was to save sonls. Ho went on to say that at tho bar o! Christ tho unmor- olfnl man would find no morcy ; and dwelt upon tho fact that In this, as in all Christian countries, oruelty to animals was particularly rife, instancing the soenos to bo witnessed in our streets and markets in proof of tho un- influential character of tho Gospel on men b Jovea and conduct. Humanity ought to pe tho spontaneous aontiment of Christian civiliz ation. Lot the oommunity rise as one man to 8uppreBB cruelty to anlmala, and the thing would be done. „ . r. At the Lonsdale street Baptist Church, the Rev John Turner preached in tho morning from John ix. 16,17. Mr, Turner divided hiB subject undor two heads— 1st. Tho speaker, as advocate and high priest of tho oliurch of God. 2nd. What It is to obtain oredontials of possession of salvation, and ovidonce o£ interest in Cbriet. "Another Comforter Some say no Holy Spirit till after our Lord a ascension ; but wo find in all tho Baored writings Balvation mado known by moans of tho Holy Spirit. Some oall B im agent ; but we know that Ho Is God, one of tho three Bttbalstenoies in Deity. Wo may call an angal an agent, that would be an appropriate term. Tho disciples wore liko unto uo (in our younger stages), subjects of the Holy Spirit s teaching, and yot nnablo to recognise tho Holy Spirit, by whom they wore taught ; although thoy cDjoyod our Lord's presence on earth. " Another comfortor, that ho may abide with you for evor." " Yonr body is tho tomple of tho Holy Ghost." No separation, he never departa ; hence wo know that the final perseverance of tho Saints is a Bettlea matter. We onoe thought our safety de pended on our prayers, and exertions, noi knowing that tho Holy Spirn nan wrougui, w us, and wo wore consequently interested in , all that belongs to Christ. From Press to Pnlpit, men are told that thoy oan recoive tho Holy Spirit if thoy liko ; whoreas in our text it is clearly stated that the world . cannot receive him, Tho infallablo creden tial that wo receive in duo timo is tho writing by Him of HiB law in our minds. Some of na (liko the Disciples) have looked aronnd and thought it a pfty that othors wore not in tho enjoyment of the same emotions as ourselves. Tho speaker said that ho had warned many that they . WOre busying themselves nB to the vineyards of othors, whila their own was not kept. "As thou hast given Him power overall flesh, that Ho. should give eternal life to as r, many as thou heat given Him.1 This is the limit " When Ho is como, Ho will convince tho world of sin," Something definite hero intended, thore must bo therefore a world within the world, and this is tho only in- torprotation by whioh wo oan make tho ScriptureB harmonise. These doctrines ot truth aro and must evor be unpopular, and thoso that enunoiato them will be persecuted ; this forms part oi tho crosB that wo carry daily, whioh cross is Inseparably con nected with dieclpleBbip. " Convince tho world of sin." He oonvinoos tho soul thathe Is a fool. No sinner over had faith in Christ who has not by HIb Spirit beon convinced that he by nature is Irrevocably lost, and that thoro is no salvation but by « ' Jesus Christ. Tho oonvictod sinner foara God's judgmont, of whioh anxiety of mind tho more profosBOr knows nothing. We hear l j i uthn'Rihln Uftinrr tupnod a uruaf uc»i nuuuv r inside out," evidently by those who have not received tho SpUit of Truth, In due time tho soul Boes' that ChriBt has borno tho indignation for him, and that therefore he will join tho ranks to whom will bo ad dressed "Como ye blessed of my Father, Inherit the kingdom," &o.; "I will pray tho Father that Ho shall give yon another Com forter." Because wo havo oontondod for this mode of address wo havo been wrpngly u charged with donylng tho Holy Ghost; but we have contended for, and worshippod ono glorious Jehovah. _, , Tho Rev. J. Martin preaohod on Sunday night from tho words, "Remember Lota wife," Tho oause of Lot abiding at Sodom ; was rather solfish and mercenary, because ho sought thoro a better run for bis shoep, bo ! that ho would make moro money by them. Tho city in whioh ho dwelt was a cause of .. annoyance, not only to man, but to God; and He, thorofore, bolng. lu groat anger, Intended to destroy It. Lot and his wife received instructions how thnt God was in a passion; and departed from thoir homo. Lot headed the procession, next oame the daughters, while Mra. Lot brought up the rear. The throe first ones kept their eyea fixed on things before them, while the last- named, who Boomed to havo forgotten to say :i good-bye to Bomoono, or to havo left J'-' something, kopt looking backward; and mat ' as Bhe had, probably, nearly roaohod the v 1 ' boundary of the land whioh was destroyed, \aho was ovortaken. Tho probability is that ; the destructive clement originated In some , near volcano, and that somo saline matter or bitumen had settled and orystalllsod upon Lot's wife, giving hor tho appearance „£ a lump of salt. However, tho faots remain the same, she was salted beoauso ' t she had not suifioiont decision of character, while tho othors wore so decided that thoy .. ; did novor tnrn round, and thorofore did not obsorvo tho fato whioh hod oomo to poor Mrs. Lot. The rov. gsntloman urged upon bio hearers tho necessity of being dooided in \-- thoir characters, for to tnem -wore addressed ; ' the words, 1 1 Romembor Lot s wite. At Trinity Churoh, yesterday morning, , Mr. Wollaston took for his text. Revelations xxil. 17. Ho said that over, rinoo the re formation, God had ohosen toe British people .i-i - aa the guardians of tho faith, and sdara- , bearers of tho , flag of rolWouB liberty ; ,i: . "bestowing on them great and exceptional £ ' privileges .-while nU other notions had boon li . doomed' to live and dieto.nttoriignorsnoe f ,) -, , rr I. the gospel end would perish everlMtfogijV He who has aooess to the written word of SJStfKK1 SSii "ttojwsi- is too often a mere assent of tho unUutBiaiiu: lng and brings forth no frnit. Tho mere fsot of thinking or saying you beliovo Is of no avail ; and repentanoo is often doooptivo. Obedience Is tho ono thing needful ; not to tho Dooatogue, hut to tho two commandments of Christ. Mon may obsorvo all tho ton com mandments and yet porish. Selfishness is tho universal asid potential sin of fallen humanity; and tho world is at enmity with God. Wo must love our neighbor bettor than ourselves, or our caso in hopeless, Preskhts ahd Novelties at "The Gift Dfvot " It civca ua much x>loasuro t-o draw tbo attontion of our readers to the matcbloss variety of boautiful Fancy Goods at tho atovo establishment. Bvor to tho foro with oil thnt is novel and pretty, "The Gift Depot, 51 Bourko street oast, has long won, ana suBtainod an onviablo popularity for sup plying tho most elegant and snitablo articlos for presents. Selections may bo mado with tho croatcst caso. celerity aud Batisiaction, uooxcol- font and convoniont is the system of display. Beautiful Ornaments nnd Nick-nacks are hero in profusion. A now stook oi Tricks, Gamos, and Pozzies aro also to hand, and should bo par ticularly accoptablo at this Boison. A vory Drottv sample of handiwork is oxhibiteu in goods mado of Dorbyshiro spar. This beautiful stono rosombloa marblo, it is of variod huo. and must do scon to be appreciated. A novelty u also shown in Carved Bono Nick-naoks, with Minia ture Viows of Molbourno, from 6d. each. Also, a variety of vorv novel Fanov Goods o£ satm wood and ornamontwl with views of Molbourno. Tho Molbourno Card Baskot, containing 16 Viows. orico 2s. Cd. Also tho Molbourno Son- 7onir, with 16 Viows, price Is. Gc. and &. 6d. aro published at The Gift Depot, and can bo posted to Europo for 2d. Not only will thoBO bo accoptablo as Souvouirs o£ our adopted land but thoy possess tha additional obarm ol utility. Altogotber wo can confidently recom mend a visit to all who; want to possoss tha latest thing." 