RnTTTCT /TP. A "NTT •^T.T?nT7AXT TO THE EDITOB. 1 Sib,—To me it seems a remarkable fact that a member of Parliament can do what., ever he pleases to snit his own views or the interests of others and still find men who 'will profess to have the interest of their district at heart ready to stand up and advocate his claims to re-election—Mr Cunningham to wit. I will ask o question—Is there an elector in our district who is forgetful of the way in whioh Mr C. acted to the late Ministry? and I will ask the electors to remember one thing—that is, if they send back Mr Cun ningham, they are sending a prop to that Ministry which according to the rights and justices of a free people never should have been in office. I will ask my fellow electors to remember the way in which that Minis*, try obtained possession of the Ministerial benches, and also to remember that Mr Cunningham is one who assisted in that nefarious plot. Why hesitate about tell-, ing Mr Cunningham what you mean? Do you mean to strengthen the hands of Mr Casey to enact somo more M'Cagh antics' and deprive the honest, though poor, selector of the land which, according to our laws and land regulations, are his ? Sir, I am lost in astonishment when I see men from whom I would expect indopenda ence, toady to Mr Cunningham or any other man of like stamp. For my part I cannot see that Mr Cunningham has the ghost of ii chance, except indeed by mistake, feeling as I do that no man will so far forget his interest and tho Western District generally as to vote for him. Can any elector profess to be, ignorant of the fact that Mr Cunningham was an active agent in displacing the only Ministry that good could be expected from to country districts. Now is the time to remember those things to such men. If the electors are true to their own interest tbey can protect them selves from the Melbourne clique by only electing such' men as they have confidence in, who will not sell them as Messrs Cun ningham and Garratt bavo done. Sir, I consider it nothing moro or less than downright insult to an intelligent people to say as Mr Cunningham does, namely:— I bavo been at your beck and call; I bavo attended to your wants (mean ing some little back-door influence) but he forgets to add, "I have sold you before I oonld boast of this mirage." Are the people of South Grant to be gulled by such statements ? I hope not. I hope that the people of South Grant will shbw to such men a3 Cunningham that they can under stand honest and upright representation, and can punish false and fair-faced traitors, by making him take a lowly position on the polling-day.— -Iam, &c;,, ' '■ • Leigh Boas. 8tb, l§74j 