Love's Treason B* THS AUTHOR OT *-rHK REBEL PBWATEKB. Chapter TiXX. THE PEOPHECT. ? 1 m listening to you, Don Jose de Mala testa,' sne said, seating herself on an ottoman, and drawing the enawl around her, for her drees, torn and disordered, was scarcely decent, 'ijnteeek not to deceive me— 1 know much more than you suppose.' ? . . , . ' 1 -wonder -*nat she does know P1 thought Don Jose. ' '. . For, be it observed, there had beeu no time for Bosco to relate all that had occrnr-d, or even the greater part of it. . . ' i f yon have been rudely treated, it has been against my wish-against my positive orders even.' ' Ah!' «vied6iulia, 'then you acknowledge tiiatiyoa were the inBtigator of this villainous outrageP' . . Don Jose bowed, and wa6 about to speafc when there came a cannon-shot, followed by the roar of a broadside at bo great distance. ? * The sound somehow carried consolation— hope, even, to her heart. ' All is not lost ; that noble Bingusnman nas spoken the trnth, and will save me yet. The battle begins again. 'Scoundrel!'' she cried, aloud, 'death by the garotte is too good for you ; you should be seat to South America, and there suffer the punishment which is, I am told, reserved for the most infamoris of criminals. Ton should be attached by the feet to wild cattle, and these sent galloping over the pampas ; your wretched boo\\. should thus find its way to Satan.' 'By St. Antonio, this is going too far!' cried Don Jose, staVtme to his feet ; ' 1 bid vAn Unnrp hnvr vnn lnRmt me!11 'I insult you! ' It is as impossible to .insult you as it is to inBiilt the vilest reptile that crawls ! It is possible to kill, to crush yon, as it is the reptile, and that is all !' He grew pale from rage; bnt putting con Straint on his passions, he moodily seated him self .again. 'Proceed; 1 await until your tirade is finished.' 'fiTinished! 1 feel as though 1 should never tire, of expressing scorn and loathing of you— of defying you to the utmost J1' 'Beware ! you are in my power !'? ''.For the present— but not for long,' she replied, still in the same bold, defiant manner ; ? 'the day of reckoning— the day oi vengeance has arrived. Hark to the cannon F' Again the sound of guns was heard, and it was /certain that the action was commencing again in earnest. Don Jose began to grow impatient. ; ?f i. must put an end to this,' he thought i ' Ah, bab ; you think that unfortunate little , steamer astern will save you.' : ' I think and know that the Avenger, Cap- ' tain Edward Blake, a noble-hearted English- ' man, is the appointed instrument under Pro- 1 vidence to rescue me and bring you to an ? Acbount. Ah, believe me, Don Jose, a stern -vengeance will be exacted for this outrage on j the daughter of the llarqnis d' Almaviras.' He started violently when he beard her men tion the name of the Avenger and Captain ' ^h^cnows more than 1 supposed,' he said to himself ; 'but an end must be made to this, and at once. I must see to the destruc tion of this accursed ship and the death of all her crew.' ''Ipur words are but as the idle wind. The Vendetta alone is more than a match for the Avenger.' ' * 'Then why did the Vendetta flee in terror before the nobler vessel ? No, Don J ose, I tell you that the Avenger, commanded by Captain Blake, and manned by an English crew, will defeat both your vessel and that of the ruffian Bosco. It is not the first time, if I remember history aright, that English ships and English men have proved victorious against greater odds!' ? ? And now, for tue nrst time, a teeling ot | . doubt of alarm eveu. took possession of him. J 'By heavens ! it might be as she says,' he I thought, and his cheek paled. ' But, no ; it is impossible. I will bring this interview quickly j to an end; then go on deck, order my ship to] be steered alongside this inBolem Avenger, and | sink her with abroadside.'-' ? ? i 'fcenorita,' he said, forcing an appearance of ease and. comfort he was far from feeling, *' what you say is pure . nonsense. . Vhis buccaneer of an Englishman has not a ghost of k chance. In an hour's time, Captain Blake, who you think is going .to rescue you, will be. hanging from the yard-arm by the neck.' . ? Giulia smiled scornfully.- ' ??? ' Don Jose Malatesta,' she said in the same stem, unfaltering voice,, 'it will not matter, 1 tell you, you go to your death— ere the sun reaches the meridian you will be a corpse !' 'With a cry, half of terror, half of rage, be rushed on deck, far more troubled in mind than was his prisoner. ' Chapter, LXXI. SHE HAS 8TBTCK HER FLAG, When Don Jose reacted the ?deck, pale, and witji a strange wild look, in his eyes, the sound of .a. salvo of guns broke on his 'ears;' looking to port he beheld the Avengerjon the larboard quarter of- the Vendetta, and was just in time to observe the white smoke of this last broaiside. ' . ? . ??? ????_ ' Seems to we; my lord,' remarked Captain Gonzalveu, ?' that ' Black [' Bosco had got his work to do with the Englishman. I bave been - watching,,the fight. Hhe is ooming too close quarters,{and delivers her fire' with; excellent precision and quickness; they' stand well to \- Char gaha, and work them well, theae English.'*' ' . . ??/?: ?'? '?/Carrambo; cried Don Jose, 'yon do not mean to say that Bosco is -get-ting the worst of it?' : ?- ? --; . : ' -..;? '? I think so,' replied the captain, coolly; ?' the splinters have been flying in fine style, and moreover the Vendetta bas been, on fire once.1' .-.'????: ' Ah, carrago; there she goes again. A moment or] -wo before, a shell '.from the Avenger, had hulled the Vendettaand exploded and was qnickiy followed by. flame and smoke, leaping from the hatchway. ' By all the saints ;' cried Don Jose. ' we must go to his assistance. We must sink this cursed Englishman.'' ' We must be quick about it, then.' replied Captain Oonzalves, ' for, on my faith and honour, the .Vendetta -will be a wreck if the ?RnoliHViman teens ud bis fire thus.' Don Jose resolved to bear down to the assistance of Bosco, and, favAired by the battle-smoke, and the mist, creep up alongside the Avenger unperceired, and deliver a tre mendous broadside at close quarters. This plan was at {once acted upon, and the -captain gave the necessary orders,' It really seemed quite feasible, for at a little distance the vessels so hotly engaged were completely hidden by smoke. The fire,: too, had slackened on both sides, perhaps, the captain suggested, because the -combatants could not see each other, or per haps because tbe cannon had got too hot to be loaded with safety. Be that &s;]it may, the Maritana, under full steam, proceeded to make a half cir.de round the stern of the two vessels thus hotly engaged nearly broadside to broadside. And then the Maritana, at half speed, crept tip so as to take up a position outside the Avenger and deliver a broadside with deadly effect The Avenger would then be between two fires. ' ? As the Maritana. after making a wide sweep astern, steamed up on the part quarter of the Avenger, the roar of battle whiph had. grown faint again swelled ;np. and once mor-- volumes of smoke gashed from the bul warks of the two vessels, and jets of flame, and the nnt-to-be-seen but deadly missiles—burst ing shells scatteriug death, fire, and, ruin aronud; round shot, crashing their way through plank.'bulwark, and beam; and the nmnWrnm P-rane. biff bullets of iron, , wluca, striking the head of tue body, caused almost certain death, and a Kinb, the loss of it, if the shock to the system did not prove fatal. '?Bobco dies bard,' remarked Don Joses captain quietly ; ' bo will fight to the last ' There was at this moment agajn a tempor ary lull in the fight, and it was possible to converse without Bhouting at the ;top of the voice. ? ' ? , . ' «v hat, then, cried Don Jose, who was in a state of wild excitement, 'Bosei will be beaten by that accursed r nglishman !' ' He is beaten. His ship has been on fire, three times, and I guess be has great difficulty in keeping toe names uuaer at m. -a- 4u»i «^» ! of an hour ago the Englishman had the best : of him, firing tbriceto hiR twice. 8ovr the ! Avenger fires in the ra.tio of more than two to one. Ah! but they stand to their guns well, these English. 1 wished you had taken my advice, tny lord, and, in anjisiportant aftair of this Triad, shipped a crew all iSnglish or American.' - ? ',-Bah'!1' replied Don Jose, who hated the English; 'Spaniards are as good seamen, as brave and more intelligent than these stupid, islanders. But is it not time to open fire?*' asked Don Jose, impatiently; 'it is folly to look idly on while that accursed vessel is sink ing the Vendetta.' 'Asyoa'pleaie, my lord,' replied the cap tain, and then he passed the word forward to man the starboard battery.' ' AH ready wiib the guns ?' cried Captain Gonzalves; after waiting half a minuted ' All ready. ' The guns of the Mavi tana then belohed forth fireJand smoke, round shot and grape. ^ For some half a minute after the broadside wais delivered, it was not possible to ascertain ; the effect, for all three vessels were pretty well ' enveloped in a canopy of smoke. | This soon began to1 cleav off, drifting lazily i away to leeward. . ! An^exciamatiiin broke from the captain of ; the Maritana. j \- ' Wh*t. is it captaiu ? ' asked Don Jose. ' 'By all thesaints, it is over— it is finished! '| 'What is finished?' ] ' Look there!' replied the captain, pointing - to the mizenpeak of the Avenger, ? where a moment or two previously the British flag flouted. , „ , ' She has strnck her flag.' said Gonzalves, ' but we must be cautious, there may be some treachery in this. I cannot understand her striking after receiving only one broadside from as. It is not like the English.'1 Captain Gonzalves was right, and Don Jose, looking to where he ported, saw the British Anaipn ntme slowlv down from the proud position it had hitherto held. i 'Cease firing,' cried Captain Gonzalves; ' the enemy has struck.-' '?'?'?; ' I ' No, no,' shouted Don Jose, ' fire away— ; load with round shot, and sink the accursed English buccaneer.' Then to the captain— 'Are y»u mad— do you not understand that the Avenger must be' sunk, and every soul on board perish ? Fire away at her notwithstand ing she has struck.' The Avenger waB now seen to be backing astern, and thus coming towards the Mari tana. As she did so, sue delivered a broadside at the Vendetta, and a cheer which immediately afterwards rang out from her crew told that this last discharge b«d been effective. 'Queer behaviour for a ship that has sur | rendered,' remarked Captain Gonzalves, ' I I guess we'll have trouble with this fellow yet.' 