" BETWEEN A JEW AND A UNITARIAN." One of the very unwise sayings to which Bishop Barker has given utterance during his recent school campaign in the Southern districts, is this oiie, that he would rather be found lighting shoulder to shoulder with Roman Catholics " than be pilloried > between a Jew and a Unitarian." What led him to use such a mixed figure nobody can tell. At least, the League, wliose position and influence he wishes to destroy, never proposed that he should be pilloried between anybody. Although he is willing to fight " shoulder to siioulder " with Dr. Vaughan and Folding, we scarcely think that he would like to be pilloried even between these two. The thought of being 'pilloried" between two any things or any bodies, is not pleasant ; and, possibly. Dr. Barker chose the figure for this very reason, to excite the odium associated with the figure that that odium might be trans ferred by the unthinking hearer to the principles of the League. If this was so, it was grossly unfair j and we throw it back with this very plain and honest question, — Would Dr. Barker submit likea martyr to be pilloried at all 1 We shall therefore leave out of the question the unpleasant figure by sub stituting another, " Would not Dr. Barker prefer to travel in a buggy over the beautiful hills of Kiama between a Jew \- and a U nitarian, than be jnlloried between ' JJrs. v aughan and Folding v — and now we . go on to deal with the substantial meaning. It is this. Dr. Barker would rather side with the Romanists in their school demands than side with the Jews and Unitarians in theii-s. If Dr. Barker did not mean this, he meant nothing, and his figure was a trifle ; and because we insist that this is his meaning, we reply, in a word, that it was a most unwise and ill-considered utteiunce, which he might to recall at his earliest convenience, tbit his people and others who look up to him as desei- ving of honor may not lose confidence in him. We shall give our reasons- for saying that vje would prefer the very opposite of thb choice. We state it distinctly that we would rather side with the Jews and Unitarians in their school demands than with the Roman Catholic hierarchy in theirs. The reasons affe very 'few arid plain. The claims of the Roman Catholic hierarchy are these — " that they shall have their own denominational schools maintained at the public expense | and that they shall have the utmost liberty to teach in those schools their own religion to every child in it." Now, Dr. Barker sides with them in all this. That he may have his denominational schools, in which he shall teach the Protestant religion to all the children attending themj unless the parents object, he will give to the Roman ists what they demand, viz., that they shall teach all the errors of Popery, its idolatries and its blasphemies, its anti-social and anti-British principles, to all the children . attending their schools, unless the parents in any case distinctly object. How Dr. Barker can accede to such a policy as this we cannot understand. How he can bargain that the State shall support truth and error we cannot understand. How he can advocate that it is the State's duty to do so, is a perfect mystery to us. Yet, unquestionably he does so ; for he asserts that the State should uphold the present Public Schools' Act which provides that Protestant and Catholic schools shall be maintainod at the public expense, to the tune of two-thirds of the entire cost, the one. to teach what Dr. Bax'ker calls truth, -and, the other to teach what the same Dr. Barker denounces as "dangerous deceits and soul-destroying error." Now, the League arid we ourselves, are totally opposed to these claims, as irrational -and wrong. If Dr. Barker, on the principle of an ta-blished Church, rind maintain- .tfiat it is the dirty of the State tb uphold, and propagate the truth, yievQ to demand that the State should support Protestant schools and Protestant truth alone, we could perfectly understand and respect the principle, however impnicticabe it would be ; but the principle which he has avowed, that it is the duty of the State to support his schools in which the truth is taught and the Bible read, and to support ''also Dr. Vaughan's schools, in which Mariolatiy and Devilry are so eflfectually taught that the children rise up a. separate people in the midst of the people, is so totally absurd and contradictory, that we own our inability to comprehend it. Our principle and that of the League is simply this—" That the State shall teach nothing in which the Protestants and Romanists disagree. Tlie common principles of religion and morality alone shall appear in the books. The State shall not know the differences between these two parties, but teach only what is common to both." Dr. Vaughan and Dr. Barker are opposed to this, and stand "shoulder to shoulder" in insisting that denominational schools must be maintained, in which the most contra dictory dogmas shall be taught to the children. But now, what do, Jews and Unitarians demand on this school question ? So far as can be known, while the Jews accept the support of one denominational school, they are willing to accept of Fublic schools. But meanwhile they are denominationalists, and therefore on the side of the Bishop ! Yet, we know quite well, from all tliat the Jews have ever .said or done, they would rrnanimously accept the j.resent Public Schools' Act, and would send their children to Public Schools— at least those who cannot pay for a higher edimition — approve of at least half of the Scripture lessons books, and are willing to withdraw their children when the New Testament lessons are being read. Then, what do the Unitarians want ? It is perfectly cer tain that they all prefer the Public schools, and the present Public Schools' Act, with denominationalism abolished, and they are toild7i(j to accept the Scripture lessons, both Old and JVew Testament, without altera tion. Well, here now are the two sets of facts with which we have to deal in making a choice of sides. The Jews and Unitarians accept the Public schools, with their Scripture lessons, and the abolition of denominational schools ; but the Roman Catholics denounce the Public schools,, threaten the excommunication of parents who send their children to them, and terrify the children who go with spiritual ghosts and thunder ; and while at present they pretend to advocate the existence of things as they are, it is solely for the purpose of destroying the Public schools and fostering their own denominational ism. Which side, then, will the thought ful and candid Protestant prefer 1 We reason the question by confining it to the school claims- of these two opposing parties. But if Dr. Barker wanted the question carried further j if, for example, he wanted to say that he would prefer the Roman Catholics as Christians to Jews and Unitarians as not Christians, we will distinctly say that we again take , the opposite side to his choice. It has yet , to be proved that- Romanism is Christianity. It has yet to be proved that it is everi a corrupt form of Christianity. It has yet to be proved that the Romish Church is a Christum Church at all. For our part,: we are prepared to deny it, and prove that Romanism is as far from Christianity as, Judaism or Unitarianism is; nay, that Romanism has the worst parts of Judaism and Unitarianism mixed up with a good deal of Paganism -to boot ; and while this is so, Romanism is far more dangerous to the liberties and jnivileges of our Govern ment and State than Judaism and Uni tarianism put together. Judaism and Unitarianism can never imperil the liberties of the country ; they can never threaten the power of the State ; they can never endanger the Crown or the Throne ; they can never countenance sedition and foreign supremacy ; but every one knows, despite the cunning disclaimers of Dr. Manning and Dr. Vaughan, that the essence of Romanism is Ultramontanisra, and that the essence of Ultramontanism is the total extinction of modern liberty. We appeal, then, to the colony as to the choice which ought to be made by all truly Protestant people 1 We give Dr. Barker the side which he has chosen ; but we take our own, and we think that oui's is the only safe and honoi'able one. In our notes we noticed last week the fact that in the Camden and Cobbetty i district, the leading Protestants paid court to the Romish Archbishop when he was i visiting there for; the purpose of advancing the interests of the RomisK Church. The mutter deserves to be noticed again. Of course, the gentleman concerned will say that they have a right to show their hospitality to any stranger — especially a distinguished one — when and where and how they please. "Their houses are their own, their wine and cake and dr'awing- rooms are their own, their friendship is their own, and their rnoney is their own, and, if they please to honor the Coadjutor, and pass an hour with him and exchange cards, is it necessary that they should ask jthe Proitestant Standard's permission, and consult the bigotry of the ultra Protest- rints'' This, no doirbt, looks very well ; but it is very paltry, and quite untrue in the sense in which it is put. Gentlemen who are known in a district as the " lead ing people who are the churchwardens alnd patrons of that district j who are generally looked up to as the intelligent and deserving and influential ; and who, in fact, would think themselves very ill- treated if they were to be ignored or even denied as the leading Protestants of the district, have 7io right to act upon their own whims and caprices, and misrepresent the cause with which they are known or thought to be identified. We say that it is dishonest and treacherous. They may say that it is " charitable " and friendly j but we say that it is rrntrue and disgrace- firl. Is it really right — is it charitable — is it loyalty to principle — to recognize in this way the representative of a system which the persons referred to aro supposed to protest against 1 It carirrot be denied that the Coadjutor roo-s recognised as the repre sentative of the Romish Church. It can not be denied that he accepted the court paid him iir no other sense than as a recognition of his church. But are "lead ing Protestants" thbs to hob nob with Popish bishops, and other Protestants to stand by and approve or be silent ? Or is their finding fault to be sneered at as bigotry, in the face of the fact that the bigotry is all on the other side? No doubt, Dr. Vaughan is very much pleased. He thinks he- is doing a stroke- with the " upper classes." He is proud that his "old family " and "English birth," and "armor ial arms" have such attractions for the small aristocracy of Botany Bay and the cow-pastures ; but let us ask the question, liow would he feel or speak were his lead ing people in any district to flutter round Bishop Barker in some of his visits, bid him to their table. n.nrl aRh him tnr the 7 — honor of an exchange of cards i We know what he would say. He would tell plainly his "leading people" that they were truant to their principles and misrepre senting their church. He would tell them distinctly that they were countenarrcing what they had declared to be untrue ; but, of course, he likes, though an Englishman, the "Irish reciprocity" — all on the one side ! " St. Andrew's Benevolent Society " received a very handsome donation from the " Kennedy Family " in the shape of a " benefit," on Monday night last. The society referred to wsis established three or four years ago for the purpose of aiding the few Scotch people to be form d in Sydney, or passing through it, who are in rreed, aird who deserve assistance. Charac teristically the Scotch are a proud arrd , self- reliant people. They are not accustomed to beg. They would rather suffer tlian go' begging as other people whom we could name do. If they fall' into difficuities they would rather starve than go "making a poor mouth " to everybody. Heirce many of them, when they fall into diflicul- ties, or wherr they come to S3'dney 'sick, when they arrive in straitened circumTi stances, and cannot go to the ordinary places for charity, need such a kind hafid as this society can render them, at once giving." them the temporary assistance which is required, and covering them from the pauperization from which the Scot so instinctively shrinks. We know of cases in which the society has rendered good service. It works its way in quietrress and secrecy, and several have escajred through the timely assistance rendered from their tenrporary want, arrd the general public has been irone the wiser. The Kennedy Family, who may be said for the time being to represent the Scottish feeling and nationality in Sydney, gene rously took up the claims of this society on Monday night last. Their singing the " guid auld songs o' Scotland " is not a mere profession with them. They have a deep interest in the feeling which those sonp express. They claim kin with their " kintra folk " wherever they go. It was but necessary therefore for the President and Committee of the St. Andrew's Spciet' to make known to them the claim and object of their association to secure the I heartfelt co-operation of the family, i The ' public generously responded to the call; and the large sum of I was the- result of the evening's entertainment. The Government have, got themselves into trouble with their dissolution. They must have forgotten that at the end of this year .the Stamp Act runs out ; and as the - revenue arising from this source is a principal item in the Treasurer's budget, . how corrld they deliberately purpose to sacrifice it or risk it by their dissolution, stroke ?i XI 00,000 cannot be thrown away so recklessly as this. They must have forgotten the fact when they an nounced so boldly, and for the purpose of overawirrg or influencing the House, that if the motion of Mr. Combes were agreed ; to, they would consider it as equivalent to a vote of censru-e. The vote came quickly, and as quickly came the fulfilment of the threat — the dissolution of the House ; but all the while it never seems to have dawned rrpon any one, that as a new Parliament could not come together within this year, the XI 00,000 woitld slip away. We. say the X100,000; for although it may be said that a new House may come together in February, when the Act may be renewed, it will be found that there will be the greatest unwillingness on the r part of a rrew House, to jrass an Act renewing the Stamp duties. - Here then is a fine prospect for the country. Suppose that the Ministry win in their appeal to the country, can they count upon the new Hou.se approving of their blunder in allowing the Act to lapse ? And suppose that they fail in their appeal, will not new Ministry be placed in the most difficult position coming into office with so large a sum swept out of their hands by the negligence of their predecessors ? The revenue may be, as Mr. Lloyd states, in a. most flourishing condition. It may be that in his birdget speech he congratirlated the members on the flowing tide of pros perity now being experienced; but he corrnted on the continuance of the Stamp drrties. Things will be very much changed if that income be lost. We think that the action of tire Ministry was so far a hhinchv and a serious blunder ; for had the Government met the House and stated that they had resolved on a dissolu tion, and asked that the Stamp Act be contirrued by a resolirtion in one day, of the Hoirse, until April next, we have no dorrbt that the thing would have been OT/-| Oivttl'klTr luuucu. hi wic uxlu sitting, uirtil then. Birt, of coirrse, the Government did not wish to have a dis cussion ; they did not wish to meet the House after the vote ; inconvenient re marks might have been made by the members ; hence, we think, the rash act of dissohrtion, which is fr-aught with con sequences of far more consequerrce to the country than any rrncomifortable flagella tion which the Government might have received at the hands of the members. Wo shall see how Mr. Parkes will steer his wa.y past the slioals amoirg which he has brought his vessel. There ought to be some way of jJuttiirg a stop to those false irominations of candi- , dates for seats in the Municipal Council which disgrace every election of city Aldermen. The dodge is a mean arrd yery dastardly one. Of course the objecl; is to confuse and mislead the electors. But anything clearly having this object ought to be held to be illegal. A ballot is appointed that the elector rnay have the fullest freedom in his exercise of the franchise. Persons are appointed to act as returiring officers and clerks and scruti- - neers, that nothing may disturb or mislead . the elector in recording his vote. But. here, beforehand, is a base falsehood per petrated by some one, for the obvious purpose of making the votes of the electors in vain. At the last moment, and with out the knowledge and consent of the per sons whose names are tampered with, some political partizan and sneak goes up to tho Town Clerk with a nomination paper, nominating some one who is not a candi date. Take, for example, the case which happened on Tuesday last in the election, for Cook Ward. Mr. John Davies was properly a candidate, and was properly nominated ; but, in order that the nroro. careless or ignorant electors might throw-j,. away their votes and make the election! practically in vain, consequently abusing ' - our civic privilege and turning our free institutions into a farce, some wortlilessl' , and unprincipled persons nominated t\vo, other per.sons of the name of Davis, and neither of thenn a candidate-, and theh when those persons ' whose names were thus unlawfully used, denied , ,tha,t they were candidates, yet still -their, names, appeared on the ballot papers and so far helped to bamboozle the voters. Now, ought not jio be allowed. It ought not to be possible. In the amended City Council Act, which will be proposed in next Parliament, a clause should be in serted to prohibit such fraudulent attem>ts to defeat the purpose of an election, lit fact, the persons who would resort to such a tardly procedure ought to be dis franchised for a term of years. Purity of election cannot exist when such wicked ness as this can be openly peipetrated. The dodge may fail, as fail it always should; but the sin against the' State is still all the same. We hope no Protestant had a hand in the business. .We trust that it was done by those whose names appear, the sound and spelling of which show that they belong to the breed of Plinns, .Flarteys, and Finnigans, to whom falsehood is sweeter and more serviceable than truth. We pHblish in another column a few reliable statistics on crime and criminals in Scotland. We gave in our article last week some of the proofs that if there was a large amount of vice in Scotland it is Irish and Bomish vice. Popish immigra tion into Scotland is enormous. In their own "blessed country" the Irish people know the rags and poverty of their priest rule. They seek better fields among the heretics. They seek food and work and freedom where the power of the priest is somewhat modified. Hence they flock after the industry and shelter of Scotland. But they bring with them their ignorance and crime. And so, when Scotland is made to embrace in its criminal statistics the crime of this enormous Irish Papist im migration, it is clear that Scottish morality is made to appear very low. Yes, but look at the figures which the returns give us — " one-third of the or-ime and criminals of Scotland are the crime and criminah of the Romish Church." Of the whole people in Scotland the Bomanists areone- eleventh; but the crime and criminals produced by that eleventh are one-third ! If the Papists produced crime and criminals according to the ratio of the other sects, the number of Romish prisoner's would be 2920 ; but the actual number is 10,740 ! If the cost of Popery to the country were accordingto the number of Papists through out Scotland, the amount cliai'geable for Popish crime and criminals would be .£75,482; but- the actual amount which Popish crime and criminals cost' the country is £277,029 ! Is not this fearful 1 Such is the fruit of Popery. And not only this, but the worst crimes and the most fearful criminals in Scotland, belong to the Irish Bomanists ! 