T/TBOnOBrorTflBQWYJBtS.}'' Tbe belli iwer, chiming orttte JattmtMnta it Mnt to luten to, «na ww *?»?***« W» «»S5 I jftd old recollections. Th« aaUtarylamp thatW been bnmisg aarHer m the evening was ironed down, and the moon was shilling foil io at the window »iear to which I was. reclining. The bells were sweet, yet plaintive— «o at least I imagined, and wen therefore more in hansonv with the tern. pleiion «f my own fancies. OonasTnimHjr a -merry sound would make itself beard above tlie rest, tut onjy for a moment ; and, as & biil ashamed of its boisteroosness, would aa suddenly subdue its tones again to the level of its neighbors. Now, I confess to ajpeouliar affection for the music of church bells. - They have a strange sooth ing influence whioh 1 cannot resist. Their sound* are full of far-off memories, which insinuate them selves into the recesses of feelinc, 000 hardly knows whence or how, and I suppose no one is quite proof against their subtle influence ; and when listened to at midnight, and especially the midnight hour of the old year, when the sensibilities are rendered pecur liarly susoeptibte ' By thick coming fancies,' their charm is greatly enhanced. High up hi the air the sounds seem to burnt away from mil local trammels, and float out on the breeze far and wide, ringing out their common, unselfish p«sn. Just now, jiowcver, it was not a pam they «ang, but a psalm, soft and tender— plaintive, at times, u the notes of a funeral dirge ; and such indeed it was— the requiem of the old year. And then the notes changed. The lie! Is, all at once, sent forth sack- a clamour of merry sounds, as if animated by an «n cintrolable spirit of rejoicing. All my sombre cogitations woie at once put to rout, and half un consciously 1 murmured to myself — ' ttiug out the old, ring iu the new.' Bat how selfish, I thought. Is that the way to discuss an old friend whom we shall never see again, t ) tell him to his face that we are glad to get nd of him ? ' Oh, we don't mind it,' said a voice at my elbow. I started up from my recumbent position, for I was not aware that I had uttered my thoughts aloud, or that there was a second tierson present to hear if E had ; but to my great surprise, on looking round, a. strange personage was seated in the arm-chair at my side, and without giving me time to utter the interrogation that was on my lip, the visitor con^ tinned, 'Ko, we don't mind it at all, because we know they don't mean it.' ' Don't meau what!' I ventured to ask, without the slightest idea whom I was talking to. ' Oh ! tbey don't mean to be selfish, or to hurt one's feelings. Tennyson, with his line words, just means the same as that other fellow with, his tough, unpolished lines — 1 There's a good time eotniug boys ; Wait a little longer.' ?So you sec it's not the old year that they wish to slight, but tbe new year that they give a welcome to. And that is just the way -the world wags, aa glorious old Will puts it, and so-it mast continue to wng, I suppose. 1 1 is an inexorable law of necessity that the old must give place to the new, and its perfectly fair, perfectly fair ; we have had our turn, aud its only right that others should have theirs.' My strange guest was evidently inclined to be somewhat garrulous, so I thought I would just humor lijm ' So that's what the merry bcllis mean, is it,' I t-aid ; 'they think the good time is coming ' ' That's just it,' was tbr reply. ' Ht-j 5 in likfi the sphinx (hat tkccMtni used to tiUt ni-ont; it I'diLWs itself at certain iirriods, or at lea*! makes s. pretence 01 doing to, and the nciv year is one of tbu.se periods. U'i a patient thing is this hope — more patient than paricnoc itself.' Ndw, thought I, he is getting a little mystified, f or / wa,s certainty, but 1 said uotiuDg. la the aame ur. moved strain be went on. ' I have heard some of our faniUv say they have bean going ou in this fashion— talking about the good time— for ages, and every new year, as it has hopped upon the stage, has plumed its feathers, as if it were the fortunate one that would have the honor of ushering it in, aud those cackling bells are just as silly as the test of them.' I Who ' the rest of them ' were, whether bell* or ' I something else, I was at a loss to- know, but I felt I rather ruffled that he should apply such a term as I ' cackling ' to my favorite bells. So 1 said, some j what snappishly, ' But don't you think we are very near the good time now ? Just look at the groat things we have been doing lately— look at the signs [ of the limes.' ' Sad, very ead,' was the reply. 'Sad ! Why, there never was such an age as this ; it's a wonderfnl age, a marvellous age. Our forefathers and foremotbers were dreadfully slow coaches compared to their illustrious progeny ; all very well in their way and for those tiinas. But sad times, indeed ! Why, look at our modern in stitutions, social and political, our liberty, and tbe bold spii it of enquiry that is abroad. The present age does not accept traditions as principles ; insti tutions are not now venerated simply because of their antiquity. No, we have got beyond all that kind of tiling,' 1 said, worming op; ' Not so fast young man, not bo fast. 'AlHBnot gold that glitters.' This spirit of republicanism that you arc so proud of— like theoldGenii— is s- terrible thing when it is fairly let loose. Already it is tear ing away the old altars as if tbo old 'vandals had cmtif to life again, and if your eyes were not blinded by your own dust you would see that mere caprice is often mistaken for progress. Look upon and be proud of the noble projects and the great and mag uanitnons spirits of tho age, but don't mistake the stupendous shams fur what they are not. Charla tanism can be brilliant as well as the real tiling. The good time is certainly coming, but don't suppose that all the signs of the timed are helping ft on. Your true poet is your true prophet, pointing out in his own beautiful sentiments the sure tokens of it» advent: — ' ' Ring out the old, ring in the neiv, King out the false, ring in. the true. King out a slowly dying cause, An J ancient forms of party strife ; Ring in the nobler modes of life, With sweeter manners, purer laws. King out old shapes of foul disease ; Ring out the narrowing lust of gold z Ring out the thousand wars of old ; Ring in the thousand years of poaoe. Ring in the valiant man and tree,' The larger heart, the kindlier hand ;. Ring out the darkness of the land, Ring in the Christ that ia to be.' ' 80 spake the Ghost of the Old Year. 