KELIGIOUS ..RECEPTION AT HOBART TOWN. ....... ™,igu The reception of 'a young lady as a novice, or; the ceremony of taking the white veil, was per .» ' formed at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday (says' the Mercury) in the presence of alarge -congrega-j tion. The novice-elect was Miss Ahastasia Mary) ? Boylson, the sister of a young lady who was; received into the Presentation Convent, Lauu-: ceston, some months ago. ; Miss Boylson: now! takes the name in religion of Sister Mary Francis; de Sales. The celebrant yesterday was his; 'Lordship the Bishop, assisted by the Rev C r. Woods as deacon, and Rev. P. R ? Hennebry; as sub-deacon. The Rev. D: F. X*. BeechinoV ?.'the master .of ceremonies. The whole, of tfhe' clergy .attending the Synod were present, and 'took part in the proc e lings/ The 'angels' i were Miss : Jane Boyl on and Miss ? Teresa Boylsoii (si-ters of , .the -: novice-elect), Miss Bridget Flann gan, and Miss Margaret Trelogan. The nans and .novices of the convent were also present in the sanctuary . The church presented -a very beautiful appearance : the altar was decorated; profusely with flowers and lighted tapers; and as above it is the . 'magnificent stained glass window, the whole scene at that side of the building w-js exceedingly 'luminous -and handsome.^ ' Thesanctuary also had under \- gone several; improvements, -and was specially prepared for the important. event. Precisely at 11 o'clock the procession came from the Cathedral, headed by the cross-bearer, : and followed by twelve altar-boys, wearing ;? soutane and-cottas, and proceeded slowly to the sanctuary, Immediately after came 'the clergy, walking two and . two, . and also wearing soutane and cottas. 'Then 'came . the. thurifer and aoolytesj master ?of ceremonies, deacon and sub-deacon, and the Bishop attired in full pontificals, wear ing the precious mitre, and carrying the pastoral staff in his hand. In the meantime the choir sang the hymn ' A Olor. Virg.' ' Then the pro i cession of nuns entered, headed by the cross , bearer (one of the young lady boarders .at the convent), and followed by the so-called 1 'angels,'.. 'the novices andpr. fessed nuns, and the Mother Superior and Mother Assistant with the n- 1 vice- elect walking between them. The novice was very beautifully attired in bridal array — a dress of white tarletan, a wreath of jessa mine and orange blossom, with a white tulle veil attached, a bouquet of orange blossm on her fcreaft, and another bouquet at her waist, with gold earrings and otli-r rich ornaments. The clergy took up their jjosition round the altar, and the nuns in the sanctuary, with the novice elect kneeling in front. After some prayers, the Rev. M. J. Beechi nor, of Campbell Town, was conducted from the sacristy to ihe Bishop, who was now seated near the sanctuaiv, and having received a blessing, he ascended the pulpit and delivered au address from the words found in the 19th chapter of St. Matthew, 29th verse, ' And every one that .'hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lauds, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred fold and shall possess life everlasting.'1 The rev. gent etnau remarked that at the Synod he fead met priests who, twenty years ago or more, ?with manly courage and self-denial, left home and country, and this city, and went forth to posts of peril, but of honour. He had listened with profound respect to the words of wisdom, ?which had fallen from these men of God,' and iiad beeu edified by the perfect unanimity, the gentlemanly forbearance, and the sincere affec tion which had existed between the clergy at the Synod, from their beloved Bishop down to the humblest minister. He thought that out . side the Church no grander spectacle of perfect nninimity could have been witnessed than at the Synod which had cosed that day. Addressing the novice elect he said that the religious life she embraced would make her the spouse of the Great Being of all good, and would raise her Infinitely higher than those around her in the world. How would that religion accomplish that work in her ? She would be led from the midst of the Babylon *of the world and sur rounded by an impregnable fortress. It would lead her to reject and despise the mammoth. of Iniquity, to seek holy solitude undistracted by the cares and anxieties of the world, when she would be able to hold conversation with her God on the mo3t important subjects that could occupy the mind of man. Friendship with the world was neccessarily enmity with God. Another means used in order to accomplish that work was her poverty. The reverend gentleman alliule I to the humble origin of the Church, which being the Church of God, was the Church oE the poor. In the midst of her poverty, he did, the Church would stand firm as a rock. Another mea is by which the religious life would m.-ike her the spouse of Jesus w«s her virginity. After elucidating this point, the reverend preacher urged the novice elect to persevere to the end, to live in peace and charity with her Bisters in religion and with her beloved Superior, to advance with courage in the holy life she was S;o embrace, and she would receive her reward &b; last. At the termination of the service, the Bishop and his attendants stood near the 'grate,' in S:de which the nuns were, assembled, and after Knne preliminaries, the usual form of religion was gone through, the novice elect replying to the Bishop's questio s catego ically. The novice- eleut then left the church and retired, and the habit which sh.-. was to wear Was blessed. After some prayers the novice elect presented herself, attired in the holy habit ' guimp ' and veil, but without a. cincture, having in her hand a wax candle lighted. At iier entrance into the church, the chanters com menced the hymn, ' ' Qua est istu. ' The Bishop blessed the novice, and the remainder of the raligious dress with wLich she was to be clothed. The Lady Superior then raised the novice, Hxrht had up to this tin e been kneeling, and the Mobher Assistant presented the cincture with fiflRHHHHRHHHHH the rest of the dress to. the Superioress who placed it . on the novice, while the Bishop repeated, the following prayer in Latin :— . ' When ,',thoti wert younger, , thou didst gird ohyself and didst walk ' where thou wonldst ; but when 'thou shalt be old another shall gird; bhee. In the name of the , Father, and of the ; Son, and- of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' After; receiving the cincture the novic select knelt, ?? and the Lady Superior gaye her the ? blessed. | veil, while the other veil was withdrawn by^ the' assistant^ the Bishop saying in Latin i-^Reeeive j the white veil, the emblem: of inward, /purity, j that thou mayest follow trie Lamb wi houtf stain, 'and may est walk with Him in white. In the name of the Father, aud of the Son, and; of the Holy Ghost. ,; -Amen.'' .,.;, ..?-. ' . .??,,-?. , While ...the Lady Superior put on the cloaks fit ..the novice, the Bishop pronounced the benediction. ':- '' ? : ' ' ; The' novice- then ?: took, in her hand the wax ' candle, and wasjsprinkled by the Bishop: with holy water, .receiving the .name,, Mary Francis de Sales The beautiful refain, Ilegnurn Mundi, was then sung by one of the riuiis,' arid replied to by the choir. :i'' ':- .?,-: ! ???? . ,Tiie,Fm ; Creator. -was. then intoiied by the. Bishop, , and at. the termination of ,; some .prayers, i the novice 'was sprinkled with holy water . The1 hymn' being finished, the clergy arid 'relic/ienses rose 'and ' turned to the altar, ithe novice still ?remaining prostrate, and the Bishop. pronounced the .prayer said on such occasions. ... - . . . ; The novice then retired between the rev. Mother and the Mother Assistant, while the choir sang the hymn, DeusMisereatur. ' At the termination of the ceremony, the Pontifical Benediction of the Most Holy Sacra ? ment was given by the Bishop, assisted by; the Revs. 0. P. Woods arid P. R. Hennehr'y. discontinuing work. Telegrams from Melbourne giving the movement countenance and support were read by the secretary, and were announced with great applause. It was quite evident i.-orn bhe tone of the meeting that the workmen would remain on strike until the masters had withdrawn their notice, an I it appeared to be the prevailing opinion that it was the employ ers' intention to deprive their rneri of the eight hour system In the nieantin'e the men con tiaue on strike, and it appears that no steps have been taken as yet to settle the dispute. ' 