Odd Notes. BY A BOHEMIAN. PALMER has heard that a bell was rung when the Speaker was about to take the voices for the second reading of Stephens' Land Bill, but some one got hold of the wire, so that the sound did not reach the Refreshment-room, and the bQI was read without a division. This is playing a desperate game. This is straining the Con stitution with a vengeance. But the fact is that there are people within the four walls of that Parliament now who are capable of anything— from pttch-and-toss to manslaughter. I should like to know who did it, though—and it ought to be known. Select Committees have been ap pointed to enquire into and report upon less important questions. I once read a very logical and ingenious treatise on what a different world this would have been now if Napoleon Bonaparte had only drowned himself in the Seine, or taken poison, as he was very near doing once when he he was a penniless lieutenant of Artillery. I am satisfied that a much more thrilling narra tive could be written, showing what might be the consequences of holding the wire so that the division-bell could not be heard in the Refresh ment-rootn of our Legislative Assembly when an important question had to be decided. How the members of the Opposition, getting their brandy and-soda and cigars, never dreaming of danger, went on sipping and smoking, stroking and sipping, talking of pure merinos, RambouiHeta, Herefords, shorthorns, or what not—while the enemies of their country were in an adjoining room, riveting fetters on them which it would take generations to get off again. How, through this one fatal oversight, the colony drifted slowly, but rarely, to the Prince of the Powers of the Air, and became the prey of free selectors, cockatoo farmers, pumpkin squatters, and other horrible plagues ; and how but if I go on, the picture will be too harrowing. Burely enough has been said to fully justify Mr. Palmer's earnest avowal that something ought to be done to prevent that bell-wire from being tampered with for the future. A searching enquiry ought also to be instituted to discover the perpetrator of this daring outrage on the rights and privi leges of Parliament. The attempt which is being made to fasten the deed upon the caterer to the Refreshment-room is a dastardly and puerile pretext for shielding the real criminal. It is an insult to common sense to suppose that the caterer, on the mere chance of selling a few more paltry bottles of soda- water, a few " sensations " of brandy, and a dozen or so of cigars, would run the risk of ruining the colony by holding on to the wire while the division- bell was ringing. Equally improbable is it that a messenger of the House, holding rabidly-strong party political views, would dare to commit such a deed, in the hope of seeing his opinions carried into effect. It is all very well to say that members should not go lounging in the Refreshment-room, smoking, gossiping, and brandy-and-sodaing, in the crisis «f an important debate—those who say so only display their ignorance of parlia mentary duties and requirements. It has been mathematically, physiologically, and metaphysi cally demonstrated that a man must contain a certain number of inches of brandy before he can perform his parliamentary duties in an efficient and respectable manner; and when ever the quantity falls below the proper level, a fresh supply must be taken in before anything else can be attended to. If you don't believe me, ask the Premier, or Palmer, or Miles, or the Attorney- General, or the Colonial Treasurer, or any member in the House who has distinguished himself. A member of Parliament must also smoke, or what was the reason for building a smok ing-room f No; the only practicable scheme for rooting out this dangerous practice of rendering the division-bell inaudible in the Refreshment room is to find out the culprit, crucify him, and devise a still more horrible punishment for the man who is caught at the same game in future. I daresay it is very wicked to envy another man his happiness, and I try not to do it, but Satan gets the better of me sometimes ; he has done s* this week. I envy the happiness of Mr. Pile, solicitor, of Sydney, and late Secretary to the Sugar-loaf Tin-mining Company. You will find in "y^ur QHtendaitder that Mr. Pile held four hundred and odd Bhares in that company, and a sixpenny call was made after he had lost confidence in the concern, so he did not pay his sixpences—£l2 2s. they amounted to. The directors did not worry him for the money—they let him run on for more than two years without paying that £12 2s. The articles of associatioa for that company provide that if any member does not "down with the dust" after proper notice, he shall forfeit a penny per day on each share he holds until it is convenient for him to square up. Mr. Pile was allowed to run on until his fines and the sixpenny call amounted to £562 11s., and the directors decided not to allow him to squander any more money in that sort of way, so they "pulled him" for the amount in the Supreme Court, and got their verdict. Still Mr. Pile had some legal doubts about the correct ness of the decision, and he got the case argued again in Banco this week, and the previous judgment was confirmed. He must pay that £562 11s. and the costs of two lawsuits in the Supreme Court. He has no longer any mis givings about it His doubts are all resolved ; everything has been made clear to him, and he is now, I venture to say, enjoying a sweet serenity, a calm tranquility that it is given to but fewin this world to enjoy. I don't know Mr. Pile myself—l wish I did. I should like to drop in upon him now, and have a chat over the thing. I should like to have his views on tin-mining companies generally—as far as his experience has gone— and the Sugarloaf Company in particular. It would no doubt be interesting, and could not fail to be edifying, to know what conclusions he has arrived at respecting the promoters and directors of such companies, and whether the articles of association of the Sugarloaf Company are not as near perfection as it is reasonable to expect such things to be in this sublunary sphere. I think they most decidedly are, but should like to have my opinion confirmed by the deep study and practical experience of a man who has devoted so much attention to them as Mr. Pile must have done. I think very highly of pro moters and directors of Queensland tin mining companies. I have reason for it, and should be guilty of base ingratitude not to acknowledge it. Through the instrumentality of these companies, a great grief, which weighed me down for a long time, was removed altogether, and my Borrow was turned into joy. The fact is that there were several people about, against whom I had grudges which I could devise no means of paying off until tin mining companies came in; then I picked and picked until I found out the two rottenest companies in the market, took a few shares in each, and persuaded these enemies of mine that these were only a first instalment, and that I was going to take a lot more, and become a millionaire. They swallowed the bait at once, and went in heavily for shares there and then, before they were all taken up. I let them do it, and Baid I would have to buy up at a premium. Since then, there have been several calls in these two companies, but there never was the ghost of a chance of a dividend. I pay my little calls with placid satisfaction, because I know how bad" it makes them feel to pay theirs. One or two of them, like Mr. Pile, are refusing to pay the last two calls. I must get copies of the articles of association, and see whether they contain that admirable provision for a penny ]>er day fine on every share in arrcar—if they do, my joy will be complete. The fact is tliat mining companies generally, and especially the way in which a large majority of them are managed, tire worthy of attentive study. They bring out in clear and bold relief certain phases of human nature, which, in this highly artificial age, have scarcely any i<coj>e for developing themselves inside the law. Above all, they afford oi>i>ortunities to many enterprising and intelligent men to make money in various ways, and keep themselves and their families in respectable and even affluent circumstances, when but for such comjwniea, they would have to take to burglary, highway robbery, or some other dis reputable calling. I think I have mentioned before the admirable scheme of getting up a company in Sydney, to work a Queensland mine, with a good proportion of Queensland capital, having the directory in Sydney and the office of. the company, and making all the business pass through that office. Our Companies Act Bays such companies mutt have an office within the colony, open a certain number of hours every weekday ; but nobody, except timid people, takes any notice of thu Act. There are a number of companies which have only dummy offices, and others that do not pretend even to hare an office. If they are hard pushed, which is very unlikely, they can get some good-natured member of the Assembly to bring in a bill to incorporate the company—the bill passes a* a matter of course, and then they are all right. They need not have an office in the colony, they can compel every Queensland shareholder to fork out a guinea for a power-of-attorney to somebody iv Sydney to do their business for them in connection with the company; all the stamp duty, fees, and what not, go into Sydney pockets ; and above all, if the affairs of the company go crooked, as they are pretty certain to do, or the directors make mis takes in their own favor, as directors are apt to do—why there are no assets here to levy upon, and no danger of the directors getting into any trouble. I don't want to weary you, my dear sir or madam, else I could give you some very striking illustrations of the advantages of this system. The world is not half so hard- hearted and censorious as some folks make believe. On the contrary, people generally are exceedingly charitable and disposed to think the best of everybody who is caught tripping, so long as the tripping only iuj ures or inconveniences others whom they have a dulike to. But this amiable quality is never displayed so magnanimously to private as to public offenders. When a Govern ment officer gets under a cloud he has such a host of sympathisers that he cannot refrain from playing the rdt of the martyr, however great or palpable may have been hi> offence. The reason of this no doubt is that public money or public property is different from private property. Private property belongs to somebody in par ticular; public property belongs to anybody who can get it. To appropriate private property without the knowledge and consent of the owner is called stealing, and the practice is held to be reprehensible ; to appropriate public property is only to get a trifle more perhaps than your fair share of what really belongs to you as much as it does to anybody else in the world. There is a wide difference, you perceive, between the two. This makes people so charitably disposed to wards the lucky dogs who "get a slant" on the public estate. And when some prying, potter ing, morbidly conscientious Minister or subordi nate head of a department finds it out and stops the "little game" it is done for political pur poses solely, and the sufferer is being punished for holding certain popular but unpalatable political opinions— at any rate, that is the general impression on the minds of those people who take the trouble to think about it at aIL 