SCOTCH NAVIGATION V. COMMON-SENSE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &c.;, FAIR PLAY AND NO FAVOR. SIR,—True temperance advocates abstain from all in jurious driks, and are reasonable in their advocacy. No true friend of the teetotal cause, if he would reflect, would, advocate any law interference to sup- port truth. Truth only - needs enforcing by moral suasion. This is self- evident and : self-supporting, and this is truth. It a'man never takes the first "glass he ' will never be a drunkard. This was the starting point i of .teetotalism by a few. working-men. They asked for ho law to help them; theirs was fair play and no favor. One dog one hull. Like the Gospel, it had hot many rulers or great men on its side; and yet by its; plain simple truth it, has planted its--flag -east,' west, north, and south, with'a very small, amount of cash,to help it,-;.. If this be ah argument against tee totalism, surely it is_au argument against the Gospel., With wealth, learning, ministers trained in colleges to advocate it, missioners to. every, part or nearly of the inhabited globe, backed, by. popes, bishops, the good, the great of all ages, has it, I ask, converted the world or brought the millennium as yet? Whilst teetotalism has, scarcely had. its'fifty years, the Gospel has had above its 1800 years. How stands that argument, as to law being- better* than moral suasion ? I deny it. If you get a Liquor Law moral suasion has. to. obtain it, and‘.when got, moral suasion has to carry its bantlingcn its back, so . 'moral suasion will have to be both its parent to beget it, and the jackass to carry it, or.it will never be able to move or live, ■ Now we have moral suasion, a law we have to catch,, and if a bird in the hand is worth two. in the bush, the moral suasion has the best of it so far. Now, what law will they have, and what are to be the pains and penalties for breaking it ?Are there* to be fines ? ,If so, we have them already. We have, tried the stocks and the drunkards cloak. The Homans had a law that if a Homan.was a drunkard the law considered him as a. dead man, ;and appointed execu tors to manage his.property for his wife and family, and Homan brothers when kissing, their- sisters were held harmless by law for stabbing them to .death :if they smelt of drink.... But to end this nonsense, I ask, and ask it j seriously,. if -it is . possible to 1 make* a law stronger or more powerful than , a divine law, a natural ora moral law? Blackstone states that there are four laws: a divine, which, like its author, is eter nal and unalterable; natural law, thou sholt do thyself no harm; a moral law, thou shalt not' injure others. These agree in one. A legal enactment may be the law of man, and opposed to the first three that agree, and yet be legal. Did not God give our first parents a divine law? Was not- death lb be the penalty of its breach? Yet Satan came with moral suasions, and did not mau break the law? ’Tis just as possible to make Christians by Acts of Parliament as to make them sober by law, or shoot them dead with blank car tridges. Let teetotalism stick to the old plan. It did go well, but by one wiseacre or another your aim is divided. Spend your-money in advocacy instead of trying to get a Liquor Law, teetotalism will .'then flourishagain. Don't be like thelazy waggoneriniEsop’s Fables, but remember God helps them that help them selves. If you must have a law, have free trade iu drill!;, and no protection by law; then you light the candle at both ends, and "the evil of which you complain will eat itself out. The profit of the traffic would be so small that few (it any) would follow it. It is anything but a pleasant traffic, but while;pro tected by law it shows that law makers consider it would give up the ghost without protection. How many were sent out* here for poaching or shooting a hare or a pheasant ? Yet here, where every man can carry his gun and shoot, few if any of them ever' think of _ taking a gun iu hand. When sheep-stealing was punished by death, there was scarcely a quarter sessions at home but someone was hanged, now we scarcely hear of its occurrence. To conclude, the man who would advocate a liquor law, to stop drunk enness ought to be made to show his ticket of leave from the Yarra Bend; I think if you will feel under his coat you will find his straight waistcoat, and if so, deliver him over to the, first policeman you find for not reporting himself at,the police-office.- 