EUROPE EXPECTZdANT. We cannot think that Germany is wise in attempting to alarm Europe on many sides. When Europe hears that the screw is being applied not merely to terrify Jesuits and Romanist bishops in France and Prussia, but to make.a helpless and Protestant Power like Denmark painfully conscious of her impotence, and when" Russia is so startled by the growth of German power that she actually encourages the claims of a pretender who would strengthen the continental influence of a powerful and dreaded rival to the ac commodating Church of Russia, the whole West of Europe not unnaturally grows uneasy, and begins to think'that the cry against the Pope has been some thing of a pretence for combinations the ultimate end of which will be to place the Continent at the feet of Ger many, and of the hard kernel of Ger many-Prussia. And the anxiety felt is reasonable. Tlietreatment of Den mark is almost a test case of the real attitude of the new .Empire. No one can pretend that Denmark is to be feared. No one can pretend that she is the creature' of a stronger'. Power than herself. But it is apparently no part of Prince Bismarck's statesmanship to appease in this way the anxieties of Europe. Schleswig is .the- bait by which he hopes apparently to get all Denmark into his trap. Indeed, pro bably he cannot understand how a small State, so insignificant in power. while she stands alone, and which might become so efficient as the naval arm of Germany, can be so dog-in-the-manger ish as to refuso her navy to Germany, when she cannot really have the ad vantage of it for, herself. But what Prince Bismarck does not understand, most of the other Powers of Europe, small and great, probably do under stand perfectly. And they know that insubordination to Germany' is not free dom, bitt one of the most galling..of moral and political chains ; that no task master is more oppressive than one wh6 is both intelligent' and domineer ing-that that which Frederick the Great was to his officers, Gernmany is fast becoming to her large political family, and would gladly be to all Europe, if Europe would but acquiesce in her martinetish tutorial rule. It is no wvonder that the screw put upon Denmark alarms Europe, It is in a' double sense a crucial instanice of the significance of German ascendency under her present statesmen. The cross on Denmark is a sign-post to Europe.-Spectator. fMighty Germany still feels a little restless at the mute reproach of her humble neighbour. That inconvenient Fifth Article of the Treaty of Prague still comes at times "a ghost to trouble joy." Circumstances, it is true, have greatly changed : possibly from the first there was some mental reservation as to the exact execution of its conditions; it may even be plausibly urged -that Danish claims still go too far, and that there is no ready method of deciding, to the satisfaction of both,' where Den mark shall end and. Germany begin. Yet these at best are scanty reasons for withholding all, or for applying the strictest letter of the law, where gene rous conciliation would be the nobler part. What wonder then if speculation takes wild iflightsl Possibly, there is niot a word 6f truth in' the story of an Austrian' joirnal that the last offer of compromise was to takeDenmark bodily into the Empire. Certainly, to so vast an appetite, one Kinglet the more would hardly be too large a morsel. And Gei many,-already proud of her young navy,' might welcome a. scheme which would 'nearly double her marine at a stroke, and make the Baltic a German lake. Yet Europe can hardly:be at rest so long as it is even believed that suchc a policy can be perpetrated, and : Germany might read her. neight; bours a useful lesson by doing an act of; justice to Denmark, even though her own children' grumbled a little at the' sacrifice. Fais ce qua tu dols is after all the wisest ptrt for nations no ,less than individuals.-Graphic. Dark and ,threatening clouds appear to overhang theContinent. A states man of' Iord Granville's calibre would probably at the present moment say, as the noble earl once said on the eve of a t;remendous conflict, thait thiere is "not a spck as big as, a mai's hand" to be seen on the political horizon of Europe. We have no desire to. alarm, and we have little aetbition to prophecy, but we cannot overlook events, and circum stances; and situations, which give rea son for the gravest, apprehensions. 'In his'capacity as Foreign! Secretary, Ijord Granville assured Parliament a few days before France declared war against Prussia .that the attitude .of foreign Powers towards each other' was .per fectly peaceful We do not' believe that Lord Derbry would speak 'in such confident. and stinguine terms at the present time........That Holland is doomed to become part of the German Empire we have little doubt; because the Dutch, besides being near neigh bours,, are by race and language closely allied to' the German nation. Holland, withL all her rich colonies, is a prize which any empire may covet. Ger many, when she annexes Holland, :ivill not only have fertile colonies in distant parts of the globe, but she will have :fine fleets which will secure for her the position of a great maritime 'Power. Tn all probability, th6i: con?ing' struggle in Europe will arise from the jal'ousy of rival Powers when ;Germany take's ·the next step for aggrandizement of her new Empire.-A-Aris's Birmingham Ga selle. 