Thc Place of Mind in Nature and Intuition in Man.?A Lecture. (From the Contemporary Itcciciv.) but art, was dox lay. nail vero Uer [nen 5 on and ame v its aent irger fish irger * * * great nong hole I'hen slier Brian ands, 3 ask itual en?" cnect like idem' rland That tho universe wo soo around us was not nlwavs thom, is so little disputed, thai every philosophy and every faith undertakes to tell how it cunio to Ik*. They nil assume, ns tho theatre or their problem, tho field of space whore all objects lie, ami tho tracie of timo wheru events havo readied tho .Now. Hut into these they carry, to nhl thuin in representing tho origin of things, such Interpreting conceptions ns mav l>o most familiar to tho knowledge or fancv of their agu; first, tho tint of Almighty Will, which ferule thu void ho filled, bo that tho light, kindled, and the water* swayed, and tho earth stood fast beneath tho vault of sky ;*noxt, when tho sway of poetry and force, had yielded to tho inventive arts, tho idea of a contriving and adapting power, build ing and balancing tho world* to go smoothly and keep time together, and stocking them with self-moving and sensitive machines; and now, since physiology has got to tho front, tho analogy of the seed or germ, in itself tho least of things, yoi bo prolific that, with history Jong enough, it will bo as spawn upon tho waters, and till every waste with tim creatures as they are. Tho nruva leneo of thia newest metaphor betrays itself in tho cur rout language: of science : wo now " vv/atd" what wo used to " tuX-e to pita*;" wo u dteefapt" tho theory which we used to '* construct;" we treat tho system of the world as an "organism." rather than a " mechanism;" we search each of its members to see, not what it is for, but what it is from : and tho doctrine of Evolution only applies tho image of indefinite growth of the greater out of tho less, till from some datum invisible to tho microscope arises a teeming universe. *'"' - In dealing with these three conceptions,—of Creation, Construction, Evolution,—there is one thing on which religion insists— viz., that Mind it JIM, (nut ruin foe aw ; and wliatovor tho process lie, ls its process, moving towards congenial ends. Let this bo granted, and it matters not by what path of method thc Divine Thought advances, or how 1oh£ it is upon tlio road. Whether it noshes into realisation, Uko lightning out of night; or fabricates, liku a Demiurge, through a producing season, ami thou beholds tho perfect work ; or is for ever think- ing hilo lifo tlio thouglit* of Iwauty and tho love of good; whether it willa it* materials out of nothing, or finds them ready, mid disposes of them from without; or throws them around as it« own manifestation, ami from within shapes ite own pnrpopo into blossom,?makes no difference that can lie fatal to human piety. Timo counts for nothing with tho Eternal; ami though it should apjvenr that tho system of the world and tho ranks of being arose, not by a start of crystallisation, but, liko tho grass or tho forest, by silent and seasonal gradations, as true a worship may bo paid to the Indwelling Clod who makes matter itself traiiBimrent with spiritual meanings, and breathes before na In tho pulses of nature, awl ap- peals to wa in the sorrow*'Of mon,' ns to tho pre-existing l)eitv who, from an infinite loneliness, suddenly became tho .Maker of all. Nay, if tho poet nlwwy* looks upon tho world through a suppliant oyo, craving to meet hi* own ideal and commune with it alive ; if prayer is evora "feeling after Him to find Him," tho fervor ami tho joy of both must bo best sustained, if they aro conscious not only of tho stillness of His presence, but of tho move- ment of His thought, and never quit the dato of UIr creative moments. In tlio idea, therefore, of a gradual unfolding of thu creative plan, and the maturing of it by rules of growth, them is nothing necessarily prejudicial to piety; and so long as tho Divine Mimi is left in un dis- til Hied supremacy, as tho living All In all, tho belief may uvon foster a larger, calmer, tentUirur devotion, than tho conceptions which it supersedes. [Jut it fe Hallie to a special illusion, which tho others by their coarsely eeita mtitig lines manage to escape. Taking all tho causation of the world into the interior, instead of setting it to operate from without, it feouw to dispense with God, ami to lodge tho power of indefinite development in tho first seeds of tilings; and tlio apprehension seizes us, that as the oak will raise itself whoa thu acorn am] tile element* aro given, so from itu germs might thu iud verso emerge, though nothing Divine were there. Tho howls no doubt were on tho field; hut who can say whether ever "a Mower went forth to wnvT So long as yon plant tho Supreme Cause at a dfetauoo from His own oil'ects, and assign to him a space or a time whore nothing else can be, tho conception of that separate and solitary existence, however farren, is secure. Hut in proportion uh you think of Him as never in an empty field, waiting for a future beginning of activity, as you lot Him mingle with tlio elements and blond with the natural lifo of things, them is a seeming danger lust His light should dfeiippoar behind the opaque material veil, mid ills Kpirt be quenched amid tho shadows of inexorable haw. This danger haunts our time- The doctrine of Evolution, setting itself to show how, tho greatest things may be brought out of the least, fills us with fear whether per- haps Mind may not be last instead of first, tho hatched and full-fledged forms of tho protoplasmic egg ; whether at tho outset anything was there but tho raw rudiments of matter and force ; whether tho hierarchy of organised beings in not duo to progressive differentiation of struc- ture, and resolvable into splitting and agglutination of cells; whether tho intellect of man is more than blind instinct grown self-conscious, and shaping its beliefs by defining its own shadows: whether tho Moral sense is not simply a trained acceptance of rules worked out by human interests, an inherited record of the utilities; so that Design in Nature, Security in the Intuitions of Reason, Divine Obligation in the law of Conscience, may all be an illusory semblance, a glory from tho later and ideal days thrown back upon the beginning, in a golden sunset flings its light across tho sky, and, as it sinks, dresses up the East again with borrowed splendor. This doubt which besets the whole intellectual religion of our time, assumes that we must measure every nature. in its beginnings ; admit nothing to belong to its essence except what is found in it then ; and deny its reports of itself, no far as they depart from that original standard. It takes two forms, according as tho doctrine of Evolution is applied to Man himself, or to tho outward universe. In tho former case, it infuses distrust into our self-know- ledge, weakens our subjective religion or native faith in tho intuitions of thought and conscience, and tempts us to imagine that tho higher they are, tho further are they from any assured solidity of base. In the latter case, it weakens our objective religion, suggests that there is no originating Mind, and that tho divine look of tho world is but tho latest phase of its finished surface, in- stead of tho incandescence of its inmost heart. Let us first glance at the theory of HUMAN evolution,and the moral illusions it is apt to foster. I. Under the name of tho " Experience Philosophy," this theory has long been applied to tho mind of the individual: and has produced not a few admirable analyses of the formation of language and the tissue of thought; nor is there any legitimate objection to it, except so far as its simplifications are overstrained and cannot be made good. It undertakes, with a minimum of initial capacity, to account for the maximum of hu- man genius and character : give it only tho sensible plea- sures and pains, the spontaneous muscular activity, and the law by which associated mental phenomena cling together ; and out of these elements it will weave before your eyes tho whole texture of tho perfect inner life, be it the patterned story of imagination, the delicate web of the affections, or the seamless robe of moral purity. The outfit is that of the animal; tho product but "a little lower than tho angel." All tho higher endowments,— our apprehension of truth, our consciousness of duty, our self- sacrifice pity, our religious reverence,—are in this view merely transformed sensations; the disinterested impulses are refinements spun out of the coarse fibre of self-love; the subtlest intellectual ideas are but elabo- rated perceptions of sight or touch; and tho sense of Right, only interest or fear under a disguise. If this be so, how will tho discovery affect our natural trust in tho intimations of our supreme faculties? Does it not dis charge as dreams their most assured revelations? By in tuition of Reason we believe in tho law of Causality, in the infinitude of Space, in the relations of Number, in the reality of au outside world, in all the fundamental conceptions of Science ; but here are they, one and all, recalled to the standard of Sense, which they seem to transcend, and emptied of any meaning beyond. By vision of Imagination we see an ideal beauty unfolding many a person and many a scene, and appealing to us as a pathetic light gleaming from within ; but here we find it all resolved into curvature of lines and adjustments of color. By inspiration of Conscience we learn that our sin is the defiance of a Divine authority, and, though hid from every human eye, drives us into a wilderness of Exile,—for " tho wicked fleeth, though no man pur sueth ;" but here we are told that the ultimate elements of good and evil are our own pleasures and pains, from which the moral sanction selects as its specialty the ap- probation and disapprobation of our fellow-men. Thus all the independent values which our higher faculties had claimed for their natnral affections and beliefs are dissi- pated as fallacious; they are all based upon a sentient measure of worth which lies at tho bottom; they are like paper money, refined contrivances representative of tho ultimate gold of pleasure, but, where not interchangeable with this, intrinsically worthless. And so tho feeling almost inevitably spreads, that we are dupes of our own characteristic capacities ; that tho loftier air into which they lift us is a tinted and distorting medium, and shows us glories that are not there ; that the idea of an eternal Fount of beauty, truth, and goodness, behind the pleas ingness, and concinnity of phenomena, is an illusion ; and that the tendency, irresistible as it is, to cling to this idea as something higher than its denial, is but a part of the romance. Is this scepticism imaginary? Let anyone, in studying tho modern writers of this school, compare tho solid, manly, sensible way in which they deal with everything on tho physiological and sensa- tional level, with their manner towards all tho convic- tions and sentiments usually recognised as tho supreme lights of our nature; the tone now of forbearing in- dulgence, now of sickly appreciation, often of hardly concealed contempt, that is heard beneath the interminable conjectural analyses of Moral and Religious affections ; and he will feel the difference between tho honor that is paid to truth, and the constrained patience towards what other men revere. By a recent extension, the theory of Evolution has been applied to the whole natural history of our race; amd tho resources of Habit, already serviceable in ex- plaining tho aptitudes of individuals, have been turned, to account on the larger scale of successive generations, transmitting by inheritance tho acquisitions hitherto made good. In the training of a nature, tho world thus becomes a permanent school, the interruption of death is virtually abolished, and life is laid open to continuous progress. By this immense gain of power, it is supposed, all the differences which separate Man from other ani- mals maybe accounted for as gradual attainments ; and many an intuition of the mind, too immediate and self evident to he a product of personal experience, may yield to analysis as a more protracted growth, and stand as the compend of ages of gathering feeling and condens- ing thought. Among creatures that herd together for common safety, each one learns to read the looks of anger or of good-will in its neighbours, and discovers what of arti nro tin fe ring with ii play u rallv i told tl huvti Bomotl Hid of the dence caso t justify of the humai stiuct, histor' thu i botwo' nothit prloril tho la< moro not of must from < in the to dlsi vague plea v llitelh your i illusii bufon turitj orach anim: learn drud chant nothi and t that, not ii itself oleuu lo do tho h not i it is that brings upon him the one or other; and in- sensibly he forms to himself a rule for avoiding the dis pleasure and conciliating the favor in which he has so large an interest. This rudimentary experience imprints and records itself in the nervous organisation, and de- scends to ulterior generations ah an original and instinc- tive recoil from what offends, and an impulse towards what gratifies the feeling of tho tribe; ho that tho lesson needs not be gone over again; but tho offspring, taking up his education where tho parent left off, accumulatetf his feeling, quickens life mental execution, and hands down fresh contributions to what at last emerges as a Moral Sense. In this way, it fe contended, the Conscience is a hoarded fund of tradi- tionary pressures of utility, gntdmtUy eflhclngthe primi- tive vestiges of fear, timi disitensing itself with an afflu- ence of disinterested sympathy. And the religious con- sciousness that visits the soul in its remorse, of an in- visible Witness and Judge who condemns tho sin, comes, we are told, from the deification of public opinion, or tho fancy that some dead hero's ghost still watches over the conduct of his clan. This vast enlargement of the doctrine of Evolution, while increasing its power, and removing it from the reach of accurate tests, alters neither its principle nor its practical effect It undertakes to exhibit tho highest and the greatest in our nature as ulterior phenomena of the lowest and the least. And it usually treats as a supersti- tion our natural reverence for the rational, moral, and religious intuitions as sources of independent insight and ultimate authority; and, in order to estimate them, translate them back into short-hand expressions of sen- sible experience and social utility. Nor can we wonder at this scepticism. If tlio only reality at bottom of tho tkuiso of duty is fear and submission' te opinion, what- ever it carries in lt that transcends this ground, and per- suades us of an Obligation in which fear and opinion have no voice, is an ideal addition got up within us by causes which produce in us all sorts of psychological fig- ments. If the only facts that lie in our Idea of Space, are a set of feelings in tho muscles and the skin and tho eye, thou whatever beliefs it Involves which these cannot verify are naturally discredited, and treated as curiosities of artificial manufacture. If our human characteristic* are throughout tho developed Instincts of the brute, dif- fering only in degree, thuit tho moment they present us with intuitions which are distinct in kind, they begin to play us false ; and those who see through tho cheat natu- rally warn us against them. And so we are constantly told that our highest attributes are only the lower that have lost their memory, and mistake themselves for something else. lt i* not my present intention to call In nnestion either of these varieties of evolution. Inadequate ns tho evi- dence of them both nppenr» to lw, 1 will suppose their case to lw made out: and still, 1 submit, it does not justify the sceptical estimate which it habitually foster* of the intellectual, moral, and religion* intuition* of tho human mind. Ker, (1.) Though animal sensation, with il* connected in- stinct, should be tho raw material of our whole mental history, it is not on that account entitled ta nmmnx alt that conux tt/ter it, and stand as tho boundary-lino between fact and dream, Initweon terra jinna and "airy, nothing." That which is first in Timo has no necessary priority of muk In tho scale of truth ami reality ; mal tho later-found may well bo tho greater existence and the moro assured. If it is a development of Faculty, and not of incapacity, which tho theory provides, thu process must advance us into now light, aud not withdraw ua from clearer light behind : and wo havo reason to confide in tho freshest gleams and inmost vision* of to-day, and to discard whatever quenches and eonfiikes thom in tho vague and turbid beginnings of the Past. With what plea will you exhort mu, " If you would rid yourself of intellectual mysteries, como with us, and seo tho stulf your thought fe made of ;/if you would stand free of Ideal illusions, count with us the medullary wavus that have run together into tho llood-tidu of what you will your consciences if you would shake oil' superstition, look at tho way tu which tho image of dead mon will hang about the fancy of a savage, or tho iwrsonifimtloti of au ab- stract quality impose on tlio ignorance of simple times?" ls our wisdom to bu gathered by going back to tho ago before our oi'ioi-s? And instead of consulting the ma- turity of thought, aro wo to peer lute its cradle and seek oracle* in it* infant erie*? If the last appual be to tho animal elements of experience, wo can learn only by un- learning; aud hy ehuttlng one after another of the hun- dred Ideal eyes of the finished intellect.; we shall have a chance of seeing and feeling things as they aro. If nothing is to ho deemed true but; what thu pro-hmmiu nw, then all the science* must lie Illusory; with the suicidal result that, with them, thi* doctrine of Evolu i must vanish too. Or if, stopping short of thi* ex- ile dlbtrust of tho acquired intuition*, you make a ro -atlon in favor of'tho now visions of tho intellect, what.right can you show for discharging those of tho iclenco? Tho tacit assumption therefore that you up- set a super-sensual belief by tracing tho history of it* :rgeuce among sensible conditions, fe a groundless prejudice. (?J.) Further, tho question to lw determined may bo presented aa a problem in physiology, to bo rosolved by corresponding rules: What fe the /inicf/on of certain parts of our human coUHLitution?namely, tho Henson inti tho Monti Faculty ? Xow His a recognised principle that, in estimating function, yon must study tho organ, tot in its rudimentary condition, befom it hus disengaged iteolf from adjacent admixture* and Hung ott' tho foreign elements, but in its perfect or di fie rei ilia ted state, so a* to do lt* own work mid nothing oise. In order to give Ibo idea uf a timo-piecotoonowlio had it not, you would not (tend him to ono of tho curious mcdhuvul clocks which could play ii tune and fire a gilli, and announce tho sunrise, and mark the tidiv, aud report twenty mis- cellaneous thing* beside*; but to the modern eh milo- meter, simple and complete, that, telling only tho moment, tell* It perfectly. Aud iu natural organisations, to learn thu capabilities and pro- ject of any structure, you would not resort to thu embryo whom lt ls forming but not working : you would wait till lt was born into tho full prcsuncu nf the elements with which it had to deal: not till then could you sou how they played upon It, and what iva* its response to them. In conformity with this rule, whither would you betake yourself, if yon want lo measuru tho intrinsic competency of our intellectual faculty, and determine what it* very nature gi vu* it te know? Would you take counsel of tho nurse who held you "when you Unit opened your eyes to tho light,"* or otherwise *tudy "Hie first consciousness in any infant," " before thu timo when memory coi niue u ces, *'f and disregard everything " subso suquuut to tho first beginning* of intellectual li fe?" J On tho contrary, you would avoid that soft inchoate pro mfeo of nature, only nominally feu'n, where tho very structure* of ite finer work havo not yet set Into their distinctive consistency and form; aud would Indi) your peace till the facultv is awake amt on lt* feet, mid can clearly tell you what lt see* far iteolf, and what, it mnkos out at second limul : just as, to gauge thu lunar light, you must have patience white tho thin cruscout grows, and wait till the full orb fe there. Still less can you take tho report of the Moral Faculty from tho confessions nf tho cradle, or from thu quarrel* and nlleutlons of the aitu*: thu eoudition* being not yet preHout for thu bare conception of a moral problem. Thu most that can lie asked of an intuition is, that lt shall keep pace with Mm case* a* they arise, and Ito on tho spot when it Es wanted; and if yon would know what provision our nature hold* for dealing with its Duty and interpreting it* guilt, yon must go info thu thick of lt* moral life, and hld It tell you what lt sue* front tho swaying tide* of temptation and of victory. Tlio "purity" ot intuitions is not " pristine," but ultimate : cleared at length from acci- dental and Irrelevant dilutions, and with essence defi- nitely crystallised, they realise and exhibit tho Idea that lav at tho heart of all their tentatives, and constitute* their truth. Am I told that it is hopelus* at so Into nn hour te selenite what fe au indigenous gift from what fe implanted by education? I reply, lt no doubt, require*, but it will not bailie, the hand or skilled nmilysl* : it isa difficulty which, in other casu*, wo find it. not imposable tn overcome; foi Mi*.** <-?*.¦ iiwitmllr in*tinute and ntloo tious, strictly original aud natural, timi, uuiKu nu nifin and play no putt till our maturer your*, yet which aro readily distinguished from tho product* of artificial culture If, to find tho functions of our higher faculties, wu must look to their Inst stage and not to their first, we at mice recover and justify tho ideal conception* which tho expositors of Evolution are neetistenied to-disparage n» romance. For among these functions nm present certain Intuitive Iwllufs?for the Iteason, in Divine Causality ? for tho Conscience, in Divine Authority ; together blend- ing lute the knowledge of a Supremo nud JIulv JUfiul Those august appmheiision* we not tho Illusion*, but thu disci rising into thuin, fe born into thing* than any other hoing conscious of it* transcendent a thom trust* am indued thu growth of ages, froi vfeibly.dropiwd upon tlio field of time, bo it not without hand ; there wa* a Saw that went forth te realms force,; materi and rn hauwti' Mind, Tot doman mattel you ut mid in and te coiulit pagati onler, limits the at< what t tho Chi it may of the nmy t' but l>e not ad etornii outfit Direct i tho wi give Ii gum a foch ir water and tl timm* Uutw will, I tfiw o than i found on tin of po hen en iingh fhotu: plant fellini anil t and r of fo beter and i ntl ni matt* cal cl sou IV ltutl there once tube* ntltled to deck nie*, of Man ; who, by ion) of the Universe of sm earth, and is made . ultimate realities. If uds in tk* of what d in e dis- unite id do *th to- ward* t tho . the the Intimi, ni tho nor tte *>taud of the penvti il, and ll. Wo tum now to tho Second Form,of doubt raised by tho doctrine of Evolution ; un il ur which it weaken* our objective trust in an originating Mind. A naturalist who to bis own satisfaction has traced tho pedigree of tho human intellect, conscience, and religion, to Asuidiiiu skin-bags sticking to tho sea-sidu rock*, i* not likely to arrest thu genealogy there, nt a stage militia fitted bi nerve a* a starting point of derivative liebig. Or, if his own retreat should go no further, other* will take up tho regressive race, and,soon passing tho near and easy Hue Into tho vegetable kingdom, will work through its province* to it* lichen-spotted edge ; and, after per luip* one shrinking look, will daru tho leap into tho dead realm beyond, anil bring home tho parentage of al) to tho primitive elements of "matter and force." To give effect te this extension over the universe nt hugo of tho theory of Involution, tho scientific imagination of out day ha* long boen meditating its projected book of (Je'nesfe, mhUhih already thrown out it* special chapter* hom aud there ; and though the scune* of thu drama uh a .whole nie not yet arranged, thu general plan I* clear; that the bueretian mutliod is thu true one ; that nothing arise* fora piir]Mj*u, butonlyfromaiiowor; UiatiioIHvinoActer therefore fe required, but only atoms extended, resisting shaiw, with sphere* of mutual attraction and repulsion ; that, with those i.nmWtebogin with,a growth will follow of iteolf by which tho mtwium will bu reached ; and that thu* far thu chief aud Intent thing it ba* done is tho ap- parition of Mind in the human nico and civilisation in human society, conferring iq hui man thu melancholy privilege of being, ho far a* hu knows, nt thu summit of tho universe. Thu ulalu supixnt of this doctrine is found in two arguments, supplied res]iectivu)y by physical science aud by natural history ; each of which we will pa** under re- view. , i. Tho funnel* relies on tho new sci on tl fie conception of thu Unih/ of J<>mv. When Newton established tho com- position of Light In life treatise on Optics, and tho law of Gravitation iii bl* Principia, hu conceived himself to lie treating of two supanite power* of nature, laitweon which, (puck ns ho wa* to seize unoxiHJoted relation*, ho dreamt of no interchange. Vet now lt ls understood that when collisions occur of bodies gravitating on opjHwite linc*, tho momenta that scum to bo killed simply burst into light ami heat.. When Priestley'* oxjierimenta de- tected thu most iimmrtent eheuilcal element on the ono hand, and the fundamental electrical law* on tho other, Ito seemed to move on path* of research that had no con- tact. ' Vet in the next gcnenitJon, chemical compound* weie resolved by electricity; which again turn* up In ex- change for magnetism, and can pa** into motion, heit, and light. To hoc the transmigration of natural agency, trace .only through a few of it* link* tho effect of tho sunshine on tho tropic kui*. So far a* it wann* the mas* nf water*, either directly or through the Hoorchod shore* that they wash,' it stir* them into shifting layers and cur- rent*, and create* utfrhiniirtil power, lint it also re- moves tho superficial film ; and thu* farsjMjnife iteolf, not in raising thu temperature, but in changing the form from liquid to vajwr, and so altering tho *]>ooifie gravity a* te transfer what ww* on tho deep to the lovel of tho mountain top*, lt I* tho Pacific that climb* ami crowns tho Andes, ruKiimiiig on thu way thu liquid state lu the shape of cloud*, and a* it Kettle* crystallising lute solid snow and Ice. Tho original set of solar ray* have now played their j ki rt, mid made their asea]** elsewhere. Dat them is sunshine among thu glacier* too, which soon begin* to msolve thu knot thulium Ikjcii tied, and restore what ha* been ftelen. lt xvi* free the water* that havo 1>coii locked up, ami let* their gravitation have lt* ptay upon their flow. A* they dash through ravines, or Huger in thu plains, they steal into tho root* ut gnu* ami tree, and, hy the tribute uhich they leave, \ninii bite tho new elintH of vital force. And If they glide by tho homestead* of industry, and luise tho food of ii civilised iKiople, who can deny that they contribute not only to thu organic but te tito wm tal lift), aud so have run thu whole circuit from tho lowest te the highest phase of j vower? That the return back may lw traced from thu highest to tho lowest, ia hhown by every effort of thought and will; which, through the medium of fieivoii* energy, in ono direction sets in action thu lever* of tho limb*, and in another work* the laboratory of tho organic lifo, aud form* new chemical compounds, of which some are reserve*! for use, while other* pas* Jute the afr jw w.-wte. Still further: nil doubt of identity in the force which mask* itnulf In those various sliapti* is said te l>e removed by tho test of direct measurement lutero and after thu chango. The heating of a pound of water hy one degree ha* it* exact meei inn i cul equivalent ;g and a given stem of elevated temiKjraturo will overcome tho same weights, whether nppfied directly to lift them, or tu ni wi fihd into a thur * 31111'* Examination of II amil ten, 3rd edition, p. 172. 1 Ibid. J Ibid,).. HJO. fi Viz., the fall of 772)1*. through a foot See Mr. Joule** Experiment* in Grove'* Correlation of Physical Force*,!!. 34. 5th edition. luoclectric current au na to perform its task by deputy. Tho inference ilmwn from tlio phcuoiuoiin of which these .ire samples is no leta than this : that each kimi of foivo is convertible into any other, mid undergoes neither gain nor loss u*iou tlio way; so that thu Mini total re- mains for evor tho Kimo, ami is only cliUerentlv repre- sented nu tho proportions chango amongst tho tiltlercnt fornw of life, and liotweon tho organic mut tlio inorganic realms. Ilonco arises tho argument tlmt, in having ana force, you have riitually «»; and that, assuming only material atoms a* doirositorios of mechanical resistance ami momentum, yon eau supply a universe with an ex- haustive kosniogouy, ami dispense with tho presence of Mimi, except as ono of ita phenomena. To tent thin argument, let ns grant tho data which are demanded, and imagine the lirininrdinUpaco charged with matter, in molecules or lu masses, in motion or rest, aa you may prefer. Put it under tho law of gravitation, nml invest it with what varieties you please of density and form. Tim* constituted, it perfectly fnltlls all the conditions you havo asked; it presses, it moves, it pio pagatcs and distributes itiipulso, is liable to acceleration and retardation, ami exhibit*, nil tho phenomena with which any treatise on .Mechanics can properly deal. In onlor, however, to keep the problem clear within ita limits, let us havo it In the simplest form, and conceive the atoms to lw all of yulti; then, I would fain learn by what step tho hypothesis propoMw to olleel ita y. ul forces and their itiuiiuicrnhlo results. Unit agosto roach hy tho friction and compression o]i|sjsito estjihlisl must th tho com uiultipli theatre hut the eordlngl till thu i clay, it }H)unds, And th organist cipto oil intricnti "eolupi of wastt tho cl, it may . ., .... of the materials at ita disisisal; and ila metal ._ may thus have ita solid, liquid, aud gaseous provinces ; but lioyuiid those varieties, italiomogoneolis particles can- not advance tho history ono hair's breadth thrungli an eternity, lt is not true, then, that tho conditions whicl: give tho first typo of force snlHco to piomota lt to tin second ; and in miler to start tho world on ita chemical career, you must enlarge its capital and present lt with an tin outlltof luteroociimit* constituents. Try, thuroforu, tho Director such a gift; liing Into tho pro-existing collidion thu whole list ol' recognised eloiuoiit-ir.v substances, and give leave to their affinities to work; wo immediately gain an Immense aeceslon to our materials for tho arelii tectnro lind resonm's for the changes, of tho world?tho water and the air, the Kilts of thu ocean, ami tho carthy or rocky compounds that compose the crust of tho ginini, ami the variable states of magnetism and heat, which timm' tho combinations iutoslnw though constant uhango. Hut with nil yntirunlHl'goiiioiit nf data, turn thcuiasvou will, at tho end of every passage which they explore, 'tho rfour 0/ life is closed against thoniHtlll: anil though moro than once it has Ijoon pmoluimcd that a way has lawn found through, it has proved that tho living thing was on tho wrong sldo to is-giii willi, lt ls not tine, there- fore, that, from the two earlier stages of force, thu ascent wm bo made to tho vital lovel ; tho ethereal fire yet m mallm in-Heaven; mid philosophy has not stretched forth tho rromethcan arm that can bring lt down.. And if, once moro, we make you a present of this third phase of power, and plnco nt your disposal all that ls contained beneath and within the Hom of tho world, still vnuv problem is no easier than before; you cannot take a single stop towards tho deduction of sensation and thought: neither at thu upper limit do the highest plants (tho exogous) transcend themselves aud ovor titilunco Into animal existence; nor nt. the lower, giopo aa you may among tho sea-woods and sponges, omi you per- suade tho spornles of the ono to dovelopo into tho other, lt is again not. true, therefore, that, in virtue of the con- vertibility of force, tho possession of any ls tho posses- sion of tho wholu : wo give you all the forms but ono ; and that ono looks calmly down on your busy evolutions, and remains inaccessible, ls, then, thu tiaiisiuigration of forces altogether au illusion!' Hy no means; hut before ono can exchange with another, Ixith i,tiu/ lie thor: and to turn their cnulvuloncu into a universal fnriutitu, it/I must bo thero. With only ono kind of elemenhiry mattor, there eau ho no chemistry ; with only tho chemi- cal clement* mid their laws, no lifo; with only vital re- sources, as iu tho vegetable world, no ticgiuutug of mimi, llutlcl Thought and Will with their unod it lona once ho there, ami tiley will appropriate vital power; as lifo, once In possession, will ply tho alembics and tho test tub? of it* organic laboratory: ami chemical allliilty ls no nioner on the Hold than lt plays Ita game aiming tho cohesions of siuiplegravitatlon. ilonco lt ls impossible to work the theory of KvoluUnn upwards from tho bot- tom. If all force Is to bo conceived as tine, its typo must he looked for in the highest and u)i.cniiiproheutl*iug term ; ami 3liud must he conceived as thero, ami a* divesting itself of some speciality at each slop of ll* descent to n lower stmlunl of law, till represented at. tile btise mulei- tho guise of simple Dynamic*, (lr, if von retain tho forces ill their plurality, thou you niust rtHKin.ir thuin all aniongyour data, and confess', willi one of tho greiitest living expositors of tho pbenoinetia of Development, thal- unless among your primordial olo nielits you scatter already tho germs of 31 ind as wull us thu inferior elements, tho Involution eau never be wrought, out. | Mut surely a thuory which ls content, simply lo assume in tile gerin whatever it bas to turn nut full-grown, throws un vory brilliant light on tho genesis of tho Universe. ii. 'The second and principal Klippert of thu doutrlliu under review ls found 111 tho realm or uulural history, ami in that province of lt which I* occupied by Hrh:,, Intuit*. Hero, it isKii.1, in tho field nf observation nearest, to us, wo have evidence of a power ill each iiattiru to push itself and gain ground, a* agalustall nature* less favombly constituted. There la left open lo ll a certain range of possible variation froui tho type of ita present individuals, ol' which It may avail Itself lu any direellnii tlmt. univ fortify its position ; and oven if i'la own in stlneta illd not seize at once thu line of greatest strength, still, out nf Ita several lelllnllvus, all the feublu romlll* would fall to win a footing, and only thu residuary sue cesse* would milleu gotnl their ground. The lll-oipiippod troops of rivar possibilities being always routed, how- ever often they return, tho woll- nrmeil ahum aro seen upon tho llehl, anti tho world fittest. ' Ju«tln? out resin ting lo u designing caro, disposing of it from without; and itsduvelopmeiit ls an experimental eseapu from ptist weakness, not ii pru- coiicuivud aim al a fiitoro perfection, I havo neither ability nor wish to urllhihui the particu- lar indications of lids law, drawn with au admlrahlu pulluiiccuml breadth of icseiireh, from every department of animated nature. Tl.gh the logical structure of the proof does not seem lo mo parlioiiliiiiv solid, and tho disproportion Itotwoon the evidence ami thu conclusion is " lecessity so enormous lui to carry us no further Ulan discussion of an hypothesis, vet, for our present pur :, tito thesis may pass ii* If established; and mu- bo directed only to Its boai-lugs, should it ground, only pn ell dally d their et: to them interest or by t Itself Ul forms; thu nat winmiri balance states tl of lifu sion: ii dynami hu self-i Tho* of this the lui! in any coming tlful, a is it m of all ' what I whencL nutt It i living i pro-nrr jar/ire, still in mumu) growin moistet ?iluniii and d llilillsll refract ready iimlrci oapabl bu villi (lo ba behlin In a tl Ito trim (1.) Thi ace nml pleased In, sof I ntf.v which has been thu birth iiporlal :1 master, tinuiietili crown mid universal nvvay. Hut lui us mil doeob selves wilh'moro abstract wolli* and abbreviations, as ir they could reform a world or uyun farm a sheep-walk. Cuuijicliliim is not, Uko a priinlllvu function of nature, au independent and original power, willoh can of Itself doauvthing ; the terni only describe* a curtain Intensify- ing nf power already there ; making Ibu dlll'orouco, under particular conditions, between function Intent mut func- tion exorcised, lt may, thuroforo, linn thu less into the moro ; and it ls roneouublu to attribute to itali iiimnlnil to known and seemed cheeta ; hut liol now and unknown ollects, for which else thero ls no provision, lt gives hut a partial and superficial account of thu ph willoh lt ba* concern; of thulr dogri iucideiicu here or Ibero; of theil' now teristles it pro-supposes, cruse, 'l'ti that cause, tho sider what must bu ti{*in tb mil does not supply, l, let us turn. Lot uh i field, Isifore competitloi (2.) It cannot act except in tho presence of some i>n**i liilitj/n/H tullis «r iriirte. A slrugglu ont of relative Will i liattii lill ut ¦tlier: -.If in cst of Tho exact jvutod liethur . thur p. 17 ... ..ivantage Implies that a.relative udvaut-igu ii grasp?that thole isa prize of promotion ollored for tho contest. The rivalry of beings cager for lt is hut an Instrument for mnkiiitf lite lieut o/f/m**/*/ and only when Hung into the midst of an Indeterminate variety of alter- native conditions can it lind any scope. When it got* there and falls to work, what does il help us to account for? Il, accounts certainly for the triumph and mirrirnr »/,/'» o;' Uti: kilo; but not for thero Wai/u. Mite lu me- riti: ' (lii't.ti, thu slow anti tho swift u]hiii tho saiuu course, it makes it clear that the race will lin lo tho swift; hut it does not provide tho fleeter fuel by willoh the standard of speed ls raised. Nay moro, oven for tho pre- valence of tho butter ("or fitter to live") it would not account, except on tho assumption that whatever is litttic ls utrmn/t-r too; and a universe In which tht* rule holds already Indicates Its divine constitution, ami is purvaded by au ideal power uiitipproacbed by lim forces of nueesslty. Thus the law of *' Hutmill selection," in- stead of dispensing with anlorior eaUH-iUoM and tumbling tho animal raccH to bu their own I'rovldoitce ami do all their own work, distinctly testifies to a constitution of tho world pre-arranged for progress, externally spread with large choice of conditions, aud with interim) provi- sion* for seizing anti realising tho bent. On such n world, rich ill 0|kjii po'sibllities, of uuiillty, strength, all'eotioll, intellect, anil character, they aro planted and sot free ; charged with Instincts eagerly urging them to noemi! the preferable line of each allernativo ; amt ills-swing them* solve*, by thu very condition* or cuillllhiiitm, into a natural h'lenirohy, ill which tho worthiest to livo uro in tho ascendant, and tho siuudurd of lifo ls for over rising. What can look moro liko tho fluid of a directing Will intent uiK.ii tho good? indeed, thu dootrilio of "natural selection" owes a largo part of Ita vortslmllltudo to ita skilful imitation ur tho conditions anti method nf l-'ree will ;? the Indeterminate varieties of -s'ssihlo movement; tiio presentation of these before a selective power; the determination of tho problem by fitness for preference ; ?all these are features that would Mungilli lesa to thu administration of a presiding Mind; and that,instead ur resorting tor the last solution lo this high arbitrament, men or science Hhonlil suppose it to Ito blindly rougbtoilt hy the competing creatures, as If they w'ero'rttrpmiiiu, te ono or the marvels which thc professional ?Intellect, whatever its department, more orien exhibit* thtili ex- plains. (:l.) Hut, lieroru competition rmi uiiso, thurn must Iki, iHJsIdes tho Helli i,r favorable iKissibillly, «*»ii*it ur lil stine! to lay hold or lt* opportunities. Moro it is that we touch the real dynamics or ovulation, which rivalry am only bring tri a somewhat higher pitch. Hero, it must he admitted, thero I* at work a genuine principle of progression, thu limit* of. wlilidi it Isdllllciilt to fix. livery being which I* so far Individuated a* to l« a min l-ato centre of sensation amt of thu balancing iietivu s'mntJinelty, itt endowed with nsclf-UHsulllnglsiwor, capa- ble, on tho field already Kiip'KMil, nf Winning a self ndvancilig power. Undcrita u'sjiiitinu, thuru I* no doubt increasing differentiation or structure and icflncliiuut or ruiietion may lie expected to umergu : nor ls there any rea- son, except such as tho ruetsor natural history iiinyim*«*so, why this process should lw arrested at the Isiundaries of tho sjieeics recognised in our present classifications. Pos- sibly, if the slow increment* or complexity in thu organ* of sentient, laings on tho ginini weru all ntnp*icd out lsjfore us. the whole teeming multitude* now -icopling thu lund, the waters, ami thu air, might lie seen l-lulliitiiig from a common centre iu lines of various divergency, anil however remote their existing relations, might group themselves us one family. Tho s|iecu)ative critic must hore grant without stint all that thu scheme of duveloji meiit can ask: and wo must leave it tn the naturalist aud physiologist to break up tho picture Into Hcctions, if they must, lint then, 117,^ must ho grunt lt? lloeniise hero, having enwsed the margin of animal Ufo, wu have, In lt* germ of feeling wi idea, not merely a persistent but a self-promoting force, aldo to tum to account whatever is bobin* it; tho mental power, oven In Its rudiment*, doini Hating Hie vital, ami constraining it to weave a finer or- ganism ; and, for that end, to amend Ita application of tho chemical rorees, mid mnku them liettor economise their command of mechanical force. Observe, however, that, if hero we meet with a truly fruitful agency, cn|Mi lilo of accomplishing dilllcult feats of new combination mid delicatu erpillibrlum, wo meet with it ttertjlnt; and tho moment we full hack from the Uno of sentient life, amt quit the scene of this eager, aggressive, and com -Mdtltig jsiwer, we i*art colu*>auy with all principle of jiro It tiler int'' K»K econ in K lliu thu Int eo Mr. Iryslcal * Kee Grove't Correlation p. HS, Cth edition t I/otzo's MikrokosmuB, 1). v. Kau. 2, Hand li. 33, Beipj.. , ' res.; anil consequently lose the tendency to that ill.. leasing complexity of structure amislihtluty of combilla* ai which distinguish tho organic from tho inorganic! nmpoimils. Ilelow tho level of life, thora Is no room '"''he operutl.f "natural selection." It* nineo isl here occupied hy another principle, for which no snell, renders of constructive adaptation can he claimed;? I nean, tho dynamic rnlo of Jclimi m the Um of Ituiit rt ?Winirr;?v. rule, tho working of willoh is quito in tho Pltosite direction. l-*or evidently it goo* against 'tha stablishineiit or unstahlo comlitionsof eqiiilihriiim, nnd mist therefore bo tho enemy rather than the patron o£ ho complex ingredient*, the precarious tissues, mid tho nultipleil relations, of sentient l*idics ; and on its own. hoatro must provent tho ponnaiiunt formation of any mt thu simpler unions among tho material aleuie-iU Ac ordlngly, all tho great enduring masses that form anti 111 the architecture of inorganic nature, Its liniantonoanil ilay, Ita oxide* anil *alta, ita water and air, are c«in sunnis, or a Mixture, of few anti direct constituents, inti tho liniment that life retreats and surrenders,tho ii-gauisni it has built and hold, tho same antagonist prill ipto ontor* on -Kisscssion, and seta to work to destroy tho ntrieato structure of "proximate principles" with thole 'compound mtllcnts." With lifo anil mimi therefore hei-e begins, whether by modified tillinitioior by removal if wa*to, a ffu.imit against these lower powers, carrying ho beiug np to a greater or less height upon tho wing; mt willi lifo lt unds, leaving him then lo the perpetual limitation that completes the loftiest Hight upon tho ¦numil. Within tlio limit*, of hoi- Physics and Chemistry ilium, Xntiini discloses no principle of progression, hut inly provisions for periodicity; and out of this realm, vitliout further resources, shu could never rise. Tile downward tendency which sets in with nnv rolaxn ion of thu dlll'oroiitiat.iug forces of lifo is evinced, not inly in thu extreme caso of dissolution in death, hut iit ho well-known rolapsu of organs which hnvo been nrtlu.-' ¦lally developed into exceptional perfection back Into .heir earlier stuhl, when relieved of tho strain and left o themselves. Under tho teusiun of a directing mental ntorest, whether supplied by the animal's own instinct*. ir by tho controlling caro of man, tho organism yield* tsolf Ul lie moulded into inorespeelal nntl highly-fliilahcil 'onus; and ll series of ascending variations -withdrawn ;.be miture fruin its original ,,r llrst-kiiowu typo. Hut ivherevor we can lift the tension oil', thu too skilful lialaticoptrivCB unstable, ami tho law of reversion rein-' rtiitea tho simpler conditions. Only on tho higher lovel*; if life ile wo timi ti self-working principle of progress sion: and, till wo reach them, development wanta ita. itynaluiea: ami, though there may bo ovo'ution, it cannot bo self-evolution. These consideration* appear tonio to break tho hack: of this formidable nrgutuuiit in thu middle ; alni to show thu impossibility of dispulislug with thu presence of Minti in any scene of ascending bein'', where tho little la be- coming great, ami thu deail alive, aud tho shapeless Ircau tirul, ami thu sentient mom], and tho uioral spiritual. Is it not in truth a strange cholcu, to set up " /iWifh'oit," or all thingii, iib tho negation or /'iiiyin.« pru- dlsposlng what is to como? l-'or what tines tho won! mean; ami whencu ls lt burrowell V lt means, to unfold from within; nutt It is taken flinn thu history of thu seed or embryo of. living natures. And what is the seed, hut u casket o£ pro-arranged futurities, with its whole contour* juvm nivfii-c, settled to be what they aw by rorerence to owls still in the dlstanco? ir a grain or wheat bo folded lu a. uuiiiiiny-eliith and put into a catacoinb, lt* germ,; for. growing anil lt* albumen for feeding sleep side hy aide, and never find each other out. Hut no sooner docH it drop, thousand* of year* after, on 'tho warm and moistened Hold, than their mutual piny begins, and tho piilillillo rises anti lives upon its store till lt is able to win., ita own nialiilenaneo from the ground. Not only am itu two parts Ihoreforo relative to each other, but iiotli am relative lo conditions lying lu aniither dupartincut of tho world,?the clouds, tho atmosphere, tho soil; in thu ab- sence of which they remain barrell ami funclioulCHS:? aud f/it's rroni a Cause thal has nu seusu ot relation I.Thu human ear, moulded in tho silent, matrix or nature, i« formed with a nerve susceptible lo ono Inlhuuico altino, mal Umtali absent ono, the iiiiihihition*"of a medium into whieh lt. is not yoi born ; ami, iu anticipation of thu whole musical scillu with till its harmonics, furnishes ItaelE with a inlonisrnplo grand plano of jltlDO stretehod strings, each himI** lo i-o*|ionil to a illll'eivnt lind definite uunilwr of aerial vlrbratlons ;?and (/n's, from ti Cuusotbat never meant lo bring together thu inner organ alni the outer medium, now hidden flinn each other I The eye, shaped In tito dark, setcctanli exclusive sensibility to luovumoiitii propagated from distant skies ; anti so weave* its tissues, ami dispose* itu contents, and hangs it* curtains, anti adlusls Us riingu ot motion, as to moot every exigency ot refraction and dispersion of Hie untiled light, and lw ready to paint lu Itu interior the wholo perspective of tho undreamed world wilhoijl:?and Hid, limn a Cause in- capable or having nu end ill view I Surely, nothing can bu unlived Hitit. 1* not Him Involved ; and ir thero ho anything which not only earlies n definite future lu it, but has tho wholo riitionii/,; of Ita present constitution, grounded In that f illino, lt is the embryo, whence, by a strange lltitunr,.till*denial nf final cause* has chosen to hollow il* numil. Not moro certainly ls the statue, that has yet to be, already -mtunUiilly oniitiitni.il in the pru i.cepllou and sketches nf the artist, than thu stately freuot' tito next century III Ute heeeh-iuasl that droll* lipou thu ground; or tlio whole ellis* of Hillls, If you. give them a coniinon descent, In the eggs to whlch-yoil illilawa lo go Isiok as Unit; or the entire system of mauro in any germinal coll or other proliilo mhuiiittili whuueo you suppose ita nrgiinistn to havu been brought out-, 'r.vnlntlou anil I'rospoetion are Inseparable conceptions', (lo liaek us you will, and try to propel tho iiinvenienlfnini behind Instead of drawing lt from before, development Ina llannilo direction tomi rds Ibo reullsalioii of adiiiul naiit schciuuof uscunillng icliiliuus, is the sway or an overruling end. To taku away thu ideal basis' of Nature, vol, construe it by tho analogy of oigtmlo growth, nil! ho 'rm- over roll au a contradiction. 11 ls lo put out the eyes; or tho Past, in onler to show us with what (ottilie preci- sion, amid distracting path* and over chasms bridged by a hair, lt select* lt* way Into tito Kuturu. K the lllvlno Idea will not ret ito at tho bidding ot ourspcc.iilatlvu science, but rutaius ita place, il is natu- ral to ask, what I* ita rulatlon to tho Holies ot so-callett l''orces In thu world t* Hut the question is too largo anti deep lo ho answcicit hero, hot lt sulllce to say, that there need not ho tiny onri'itlitig or these forces by thu Will of dil, so thal the siipeinatiirul should disturb tho liattinii; tirany nut>iileii\niluiilnt thuin, so that llestiotlhl lill up their delieleueles. Hutlier I* Ill's tlltiiight relaleil to theiii, us, in Alan, thu mental foico is related to all behm' it; turning thuin nil to account foi.*. Ideal ends, anil sustaining thu higher , equili- brium which ' olso would lapse Into lower form*. >'?.ile. vol, eiiiiivaletit.lv. might w'o Hiiy, those sup- posed forces, whleli aro only our idioiieou,,,, inu.,,.^. Lion of elasso* of perceived phenonieJia, aro bat vuiietJet* of Ills Will, the rules and methods of Ills iletermiiiato ami legislated agency, lu which, lo keep raith with tho universe td1 beings, Ho abnegates all chango ; but Imyontt, which, In Hi* traiisecinlent relation* with dependent anil rosis.nsible ininti*, Ile bas left a glorious margin fur tho free spiritual lire, open lo the sacredness ot 1'orsoiial Communion and tho liu-iu of growing similitude. 