(icttqitl Jntcllintc, Says the Australasian: — Amongst the series of farewell speeches delivered by Mr. Du Cane, the Governor of Tasmania, that delivered on the oc casion of the recent agricultural show at Long? ford holds a good place, on account of. the good sense combined with geniality with which it was pervaded. The way in which sound advice was mingled with pleasantry and enforced with anecdote, made it a model of an agricultural society dinner speech. There was a touch of huinorous pathos in the passage in which Mr. Due Cane estimated the effect or no effept that was produced by all the sage counsel he had giyen on agricultural subjects for some years past. He said : — " Moliere was asked one day by Louis XIV. what use he made of his physician, and he replied, ' We converse together ; lie prescribes f or ine ; I never follow his pres criptions ; and — I recover.' And, gentlemen, I .am not sure that this has not been very much the 'case in reference to my prescriptions on Tas- manian farming." Further on he observed : — "Tlie fact is, that the small settler seems in general to regard his land much as the Irishman did his adversary, whom lie had floored, and was pummelling into as he lay on the ground. 'Sure, then,' he said, when expostulated with for hitting a mail when he was down, ' don't I re member tlie trouble it took me to get him down,' and at the poor wretch he went again, till liis enemy Avas left Avithout a kick in him, And so the small farmer appears to remember the trouble he has had in getting his land doAvn, and haAnng got it down he keeps it doAvn, and pum mels it unmercifully with Avheat crop after Avheat- crop till it has finally destroyed its repro- ductive poAvers." Mr. Du Cane remarked, in conclusion, on the question of good and bad fanning — "In poy experience I have knoAvn many farmers come to grief from sheer bad fanning, and especially from farming, or trying to jfarin, too mucli land for their capital. But I have never knoAvn a farmer fail by fariping alone who started Avith sufficient capital at his back, and farmed Avitli practical skill, intel ligence, and energy." The speech was received Avitli great interest throughout, and possibly some, of the sensible adA'ice it gaye to fanners and farmers' societies may be productive of more effect in the future than his Excellency- feared his addresses had in the uiarcli of other years." A .correspondent of the Times , who writes from Debr;ee,,on the Sone, and .calls himself a canal engineer, .states Avitli unusual force a problem which is already perplexing the GoArern- ment ,of India, the rapid increase of population produced by our rule. He points out that the native is compelled by custom to marry early, and by religion to leaAre sons ; that he cares for little but food, and that he Avill not emigrate. The people, consequently, multiply fast, till there are counties in Bengal Avith more than 500 to the square mile, and there is no sign that the process is diminishing in pace. Formerly Avar, pestilence, and famine thinned out the people, hut Ave have prohibited war, Ave resist p.estilenc.e — unsuccessfully though, as the history of Burd- Avan sIioavs — and Ave have this year defeated famine. Increasing food by irrigation only in creases the mouths ;tp eat it, and of manu factures in any form extensive enough to enable the people to import food there is littie chance. The consequence of this growth of demand, without any expansion of culturable area, is a gradual rise in the price of food, which makes the times .seem, hard to the -people, and creates an.impression that the foreigners -misgOAmrn, or everything Avould not he so dear. The Avriter has no solution to offer, and .only states liis problem to excite thought. It is one to Avhich there is, Ave believe, no direct ansAver except this, — -that.though India has no manufactures, she has neAV cultures: that the old cultures pay better ; that she can import food, as the Govern ment importations show, and that by the time the need is sore she, aauII be rich enough to do so. Mr. Turnbull, a coiiATert to Sir Henry Thomp son's vieAvs on cremation, brought forward a motion at a meeting of the Town Improvement Commissioners of West Hartlepool, for the adoption, in .the. sanitary interests of the place, of the practice of burning the dead. But before the .Commissioners assembled, two hundred Avorncn, mostly of the Avorking-class, got up an extempore indignation meeting to protest against the expected motion, and .saluted Mr. Turnbull Avlien be arri\'ed Avitli cries of " Burn him !" " Whip him into a tar-barrel !"' " Give us Christian burial !" " Let hiin taste cremation first !" — nor did this rather liA'ely deputation withdraAV till the Chairman of tlie Commission ers had assured the insurrectionary Avomen that the Commission had no sort of power to adopt Mr. Turnbull's proposal. Even then the 200 Avaitcd outside until they Avere SAvelled into a croAvd of 2000 and saluted Mr. Turnbull on his departure, after his unsecondcd motion had dropped to the ground, Avith tremendous hoot- ings. Science certainly takes much less pains to understand the people, than to servo them. It might liaAre known, by remembering the popular horror of post-mortem examinations, that pro posals to liasten nature in fhe process of de stroying even the already mouldering image of our nearest and dearest, Avould he receiAred Avith a start of horror. -To burn the body of a living enemy Avould always seem more decent and natural to a mob than to burn that of a dead friend. The Danish Slesvigers appear to be in a bad Avay. The bitterest complaints are made of the grievances to Avliich tliey are subjected by tlie German Government in SlesAng, by Avhich Danes appear to be ordered into exile without even a pretext assigned or assignable ; and Avhen Den mark complains, she is calmly told by the semi official Spener Gazette of Berlin that " the time is passed Avhen small States can pretend to folloAv ' an independent policy of their own ; Denmark Avill be obliged to submit herself to the changes which have supervened." A pleasant hearing this for Holland and Belgium, or eArcn for Switzerland ! Further, they are told that the Treaty of Prague, by which it Avas agreed that a portion of North Slesvig should be ceded to Denmark, is a dead-letter, and that they haAre more to gain from the generosity of Germany than from appeal to any .treaty on the score of contract. But if they remain silent and do not complain, the Germans point to their silence as a proof that they are satisfied. If thus, either Avay, they get nothing but cuffs, they may as Avell have the satisfaction of letting Europe knoAV hoAV badly they are treated. Certainly in the one region Avhere Prussia had a chance of shoAving the magnanimity of true poAver, Avith out risk to its solidity, she has seemed to care only to convince the Avorld that her heel is -lica a- v- -and her temper hard. The folloAving description of the Avonderf ul trotting performance of Goldsmith Maid, Ave take from the New York Times : — " On the last day of the meeting at Buffalo, Goldsmith Maid, the greatest of all the famous horses Avhose achievements are recorded in trotting history, came out and beat her own record of 2 minutes 16 seconds by half a second. It has been given out by all the daily press that this performance at Buffalo Avas made with the as sistance of a running mate. This is a mistake. The Maid Avent in single harness, hut a running horse accompanied her. At Rochester, on the second day of the meeting, in the Free For All Purse, Doble decided that here on this neAV track he Avould push the Maid for more glory. It Avas a grand sight, as the Maid, on the second heat, strained every nerve, and shot onward to beat her own unparalleled time. Doble sat like a rock, steady and firm, guiding the lightning stepper on her Avondrous path. The thousands of spectators held their breath, as like a Avhirl- Ayind.she came on up jhe stretch and shot under the \vire. A moment of anxious Avaiting, and when the judges marked up 2 min. 14J sec., such a shout rent the air as never before was heard. So this paragon of trotting loAvers the record steadily, covering herself with laurel victories over time, making this, her last season upon the. American turf, one unsurpassed and uncom- parable. The trio of fleet-footed coursers noAV stand : Goldsmith Maid, 2 min. 14J sees. ; Oc cident, 2 min. 15f sees. ; and Lula, 2 min. 16f .sees. A private Act of Parliament, as mrwieldy in dimensions as the person to Avhose misdeeds it oAves its origin, Avas passed during last session, and has now been .printed by the Queen's Printer's. Its object is to authorise the raising of money on the security of the Tichbome and Doughty estates, to discharge the costs of the defence against the Claimant. The settlement of the estates, \vhicli commences nearly seventy years ago, is strict, and, of course, no proA'ision Avas made for the supply of ready money that was required to repel the audacious attacks of Arthur Qrton. Whtm the rights of the infant heir Avere 'attacked, the trustees had no option but to fight, and from the collapse "of their as sailant they had no pecuniary recompense to expect. No indemnity Avas to be recovered from the Claimant -when his mask of good_biith and hre,eding was strip t pff, and he Avas discoATered to be the Wapping butcher after all. But the task of proving this cost the Tichbome family a sum .of more'than £90,000, as was ascertained and settled by the Court of Chancery a feAv months ago — not to speak of the immense sum Avhich the GoA-ernment had afterwards to expend in bringing the .imposter to justice. The ex penses are to be raised out of the value of the estates by trustees appointed under the Act, and it cannot be .denied that the charge laid upon this family by the daring aggressions of Orton is a heaAry one. It sIioavs. indeed, that Jevery one A\rho .owns property is still exposed to the chances of private Avar in its defence, and if the aggressor be a penniless adA'enturer, the loss may be serious, and even .crushing. People Avith great estates .ought decidedly to be eager laAv-rel'onners. A special correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph thus describes the latest conceit Avhich has sprung up in Brighton : — " In order to establish a reputation for wealth noAvadays, it is necessary to be tlie OAvner of a ca\'e. A mansion is all yery Avell, but the possession of a caAre im mediately stamps the OAvner as a person of im portance. The eaves at Brighton are in the cliff, and approached only from the shore, and the fancy is to furnish these rude holes Avith costly, magnificent pianos, settees, gas, f urnitiire, books, and nick- nacks, which bring their aid to make the cave.s into delightful smoking-rooms ; and being admitted into this gostliness and glitter, straight from the melancholy beach at night, brings up recollections of many an Araoian Night's Entertainment. Aladdin, Morgiana, the Forty Thieves, all come trooping into Brighton iioav that the .caves Inwe come into fashion. And no mean hospitality is exercised in them. A worse evening might be spent than in the cave snioking-ro.oms, listening to stories which a vizier might have loved, and Avhich Avould not haAre disgraced a one-eyed calender ; or in a caAre drawing- room, Avhilst Scheherazade sings loAre music, or Balrobadour discourses im promptus by Chopin. The man avIio does pos sess a Brighton cave is as much sought after as the happy owner -of the Thames villa on Sun days in the season, and it is said that the rever sion of such properties is eagerly damanded. The history of Brighton Avould not be complete Avithout some allusion to its underground exist ence. No doubt the idea Avill be further de- areloped Avhen fashion turns its steps toAvards Brighton in the autumn. John Leech, in the, old flays, would have illustrated for us some of the freaks of the Sussex mermaids." It is not only indiAuduals avIio haAre suddenly increased in prosperity, and have suddenly gone doAvn into nothingness ; there are cities of Avhich the same can be said. Such a one is Pithole City, Pa. Within one month of the first house this city had a telegraph office, and an hotel costing the owners 80,000 dollars. In one month there Avas a daily paper established, and in the uext a theatre ; in another month another theatre, and then an academy of music. In six months there Avere - seventy-four hotels aud boarding houses ; in the seA-enth month the city had reached its highest prosperity. It then. had 15,000 inhabitants, elaborate Avator-works, a city rhall and an extensive city GoA-ernment. Then occurred tlie completion of a labour-saving enterprise — the so-called Miller Farm Pipe Line — by which the petroleum aawis sent off inde pendent of the labouring population. : At once 4000 persons Avere thrown out of employment, Avhile two thousand horses became useless ; this Avas the death blow to Pithole City. At once the hotels, theatres, and the telegraph office were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, Avhilst almost every one packed up his trunk and moved out. Only nine families re mained out of a population of 15,000 souls, while tiic iiiiiro.-ut from Pithole and Olebpolis runs only one train a day, consisting of a loco-' motive and a single car, which is usually empty. They still hope against hope for that unfortun ate city, Avhich, in onty seA-en months, Avas born, full groAvn, got sick, and died. Undoubtedly this is a case unparalleled in history, modern or ancient ; neither Egypt nor Greece can giA-e ex amples of such rapid changes as Pithole City has undergone.— -Boston Times. 