WARATAH. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. The- anniversary services in connection -with this Chnich commenced on Sunday, March 1st. Services were preached by the Bov. J. Penman, in the morning, afternoon, and evening, to very large congregation*. The rey. gentleman preachcdwith great earnestness, and was listened to with marked attention. Baring been an in habitant of 'Waratah from his youth, and hav ing received his call to the ministry from this place, .his addresses on each occasion possessed additional attraction to his hearers. Mr. Pen man has been stationed at Goulburn, where he has been labouring very successfully, and in the usual distribution of ministers in circuit, he ?will officiate next in Waterloo, near Sydney. He has received a very cordial reception in this township. Un Monday evening, a tea meeting Wai held in the Church, and was a great success. After the tea a public meeting was held, tho Church being filled with a very attentive audi ence. A great degres of earnestness appeared to characterise the proceedings. On the plat form were the Revs. J. H. Daish, W. Smith, J. Penman, and It. M'Keown ; Messrs. C. Fletcher and D. M'Michael, &o.; The choir sang very affectively between tho addresses. Alderman M'Michael was unanimously voted to tho chair. The Chairman, after expressing the pleasure he felt at being called upon to presido on tho occasion, said that .all prosent ought to feel thankful to God for the great success which had attended the chnrch at Waratah. (Hear, hear.) Many had been brought from a state of sin and ignorance to a knowledge of the truth. They ought also to bo thankful that thoy had boen kept together as a Church, and that thoy were still increasing in number. Again, they should be thankful — and ho had no doubt they were— to see thoir young friend, the Rev. Mr. Ponman, amongst them. It was through the instrumentality of this Church that he was brought to know God, and to flee from tho wrath to come. Ho (Sir. Ponman) had already done mueh good in the cause of God, and would, he hoped, yet do more. (Hear, hear.) Ho would not detain them with a speech, as there was much to be done that evening, but call upon the Rev. W. Smith to read the financial state ment. The Rev. Mr. Smith would not keen them long, as he know there were some eloquent spooches to follow, but givo thorn a written speech, namely, the following balance-sheet : — Balance Sheet fob thb Puihitivx Methodist cuubch, wabatah. Income for tho year 1873, as follows : — FB0CEBD3 OF LAST AKXIVEBSABY. Sunday collection ? £3 10 Colleotion after ten ? 18 0 Result of tea ? 3 9 5 Donation*— Mr. T. Hibbord . . ..100 J. Webster . . ..100 D. M'Miohaal .. ..100 — Simpson .. ,.100 J. EusneU .. .. 0 10 0 D. Wobster . . ..050 — Penman .. . . 0 10 0 A. Payne . . ..0100 T. Jones .. ..050 A. Charlton .. ..100 Various small sums , . 0 18 0 Recoived for pow rents .... ..900 Chapel colleotion ? 10 0 Total ? £26 5 6 EXPENDITURE. Balance duo to treasurer ? £13 11 3 Paid for tea ? 2 10 0 Printing .. .. .. .. 0 14 0 Insurance ? 0 10 8 Boom for tea ? 0 6 0 Interest to Mr. Uout . . . . 8 0 0 Oil, and cloaning church , . SCO Interest on bill at batik . , 17 7 Interest to Mr. Dent . . . . 8 0 0 Oil, and cleaning ohurch . , 19 0 £41 14 6 Balance due to treasurer ., ..£15 9 0 Besides this balance duo to the treasurer, there was also a debt of £30* and also £200 in the church, making in all a liability of nearly £250 ; now tho committee wanted the result of this anniversary to be to tho credit of the church, about £50. He thought this could bo done, and if so, they would do very well. He trusted that all would do what they could, and that thoy would work harmoniously together in tho cause of Christ in this world, and ultimately ''?en their earthly sun should set, that they -Id all rise in tho Divine likeness, i The Rev. Mr. Daish said that some people «vcre born orators, but he was not ; yet ho felt ?very thankful to have a position in God's church ?? nt all.. It. was a privilege to be able to work with God's people. It was also a great source of joy to know that the great work of God was always advancing and always would advance; it was not in thn power of earth and hell com bined to prevent it— God's great purpose would finally bo accomplished. This purpose he had trusted in a great measuro to His church; it was the duty of tho church to make God's purposes known, wherever it was found in tho earth, and^ to drive out spiritual darkness from its faao.,.^ was the duty and privilege of the church -^ uge this power delegated to it, and thug-jj- ;ate man anOring him to a position of 'diit honor and happiness. Little Hjftfehiireh sometimes thought of human ag^ anfl mgtrumentality, G°4. * oou'e 'S&noToJ; advance as it ought until the ChM^*awoko t0 a d and penetrat ing sense,,(£ her du(. to her risen and giorifiod '?''''AfiHoar. hear). Whonthis took DlaceZion wo-vJcj arjso and shake hcrsolf from the dust, and . .-iend forth that light and influonce which it was her privilege to hold. Then would bo roalised the various predictions in God's word, and great would bo tho ingathering of souls into tho fold of God. (Applause.) Oh, if thoy only had the game faith in religious matters and exercised it, as thoy did in thoso of tho world, how differently how earnestly would professing Christians live. In conclusion, he felt thankful tha- he belonged to one great branch of the Methodist family, and trusted that it would soon pleaso Almighty God to send a revival amongst them, and he hopod that all present would say from their hearts, Amen, Amen. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Ponman — who, on rising, was very warmly received — said that there were three thing! thatpleasedhim that evening moreparticu larly. The first 'was meeting' his old friend — thir -worthy chairman — whose words had ofton encouraged him in times past, and with whom he bad often experienced such glorious times of refreshing in days gone by. (Hear, hear.) Then ho felt glad to meet so many of his old friends before him, whose prayers had been such a help to him, and whoso good wishes had fol lowed him wherever be went. (Applause.) And thirdly, he was glad to be there himself. (Re. nowed applause.) He could not toll them how dear Waratah was to him ; although not a native of that place, nor yet of the colony, yet ho felt that ho loved the land of his adoption as dearly, as fervently, as any of tho sons of toil who wore born in it. (Hoar, hear.) He conld not forget, 1 nor cease to love the land of his birth— tho bonny hills of Scotland — but, also, he remembered that here was the spot in which he had -first found the Saviour, and first formed Christian friend ships and associations, which he hoped would last as long as lifo continued. He loved all his dear friends and brothers in Christ in this placo as dearly now as evor he did, and hoped the game feeling would bo ever in his heart. Ho had much that he could say to them all, but he ?? would speak now of the duty of the church ; he ofton thought, with sorrow, of tho negligence that has too often been manifested by ' it in the performance of its duties. He meant tho '-. universal churoh of Christ — not any particular denomination of Christians. If they did not im mediately behold tho fruits of their labour they were not to consider their labours in vain ; but, at the same time, he believed they ought to hare greater faith in God, and look for greater ard immediate results. Of all the meetings that evor he had attended, none had been moro pow erful than thoso formerly held in this church. Souls had thcro been lifted out of tho horrible pit, and out of .the miroy clay. What God had done in bygone days, He would do again. (Hear, hear.) If the brothers aud sisters of that ohurch would only tnako the salvation of souls the real object of their care, tho windows of heaven would be uplifted, and blessings would be showered down upon them, and hundreds of souls would be abundantly fed. (Applause.) He would now touch upon tho text given out by Mr. Smith, namely, the £50. He would like to bo able to placo his finger upon the norve that went from the heart to the pocket ; if that could bo done, the pockets would soon fly open for tho collectors to put their hands in and help them selves, and the £50 would soon be obtained. ? In conclusion, he would ask his dear friends to try and live consistently. Tho world was still say ing, ' See, how these Christians live.' The un converted were watching them, and so were the holy angels, and he implored them to be consis tent. His soul burned when he thought of the number of souls that were still unconverted in this place. Tho rev. gentleman resumed his scat amidst loud applause. The Chairman spoke of tho little diffbrenco that had onco existed amongst various sections of tho Protestant Church, but he felt thankful that now they were gradually breaking up, or melting away, and he hoped tho time would soon como when all would see eye to oyd, and there would be ono universal Church of God. He then introduced tho Rov. Mr. McKcown to the meeting. Tho Rov. Mr. McEcown (Wesloyan) folt very glad to be with thorn, but also felt at great dis advantage after the proceeding speakers, who had each led tho meeting, to believe that some good speeches were to follow. Ho was afraid if they expected ono from him thoy would bo dis appointed ; but he would do his bost. Ono of the most interesting meetings ho had been at since ho came to Waratah, was the Primitive Metho dist anniversary meeting, twelve months ago. (Hear, hear.) There was ono band of unity which held thorn all together in earth and in heaven — that was the love of Jesus. There was manifestly ono thing that had been done by the church in Waratab, of which they ought to be glad — the conversion, of Brother Ponman, and his call to tho ministry, ought to make them thankful to Almighty God. In that they saw the power of God exemplified — a power which spread itself through unknown lands, and bo felt throughout all eternity. (Hear.) This ought to encoragc thorn to go on. They lived in eventful times. It was true they were all members of the great Methodist family, but it would not do for them to rest upon the laurels of their fathers. They must show the world that the same spirit which animated their forefathers animated them in tho great work which had to bo accomplished for Christ, and for the world. Methodism had become a great power on tho earth. At tho Irish Methodist Conference, held not long ago ,it was stated thut Methodists were the largest body of Protestant Christians in tho whole world; and tho statement has not been contradicted.. (Applause.) Who would nave foreseen tnis 150 years ago ? This showed what God had wrought, and could still work on this oarth. Another matter had been directly brougt boforo them— that was tho financial stato of tho church. No doubt this was an important matter, but if they had really spiritual power and life burning amongst them, there would never be any fear for financial mutter*. (Hear, hear.) What thoy gave should be given for the lovo of God, and when they worked, it should bo for the Saviour's sake. Jllnd thoy all yielded themselves up as living sacrifices to God ? He would ask them in all love what effect tho preachiug and exhortation they had received and heard during the past year had had upon them ? Had they surrendered themselves to God? Had they come nearer to that experience of peace which was promised to all. Tho great characteristic of a Christian was, that ho tried to do all ho could for ono who had douo so much for him. It .was unhappily, nothing to some professing Christians, that God Almighty called upon them to work, nothing that tho voices of many-tongued humanity continually cried aloud for help. They were idle from tho beginning, and would bo idle till the end. This idleness in the church was like a deadly serpent gradually entwining them in its folds and gradu ally destroying them j or if they wore ultimately saved, it would bo with a terrible awakening, and as it were by the skin of their teeth. On the othor hand, if all did their best, how differ ent would be the result. Through their perse verance and industrious, consistent christioy, life, joy and peace — the peace of God wou'^'B0 conferred on many, aud truo hoppinosw -wo'u*i j uo brought into many and maw ??fc'o'h'ristiau home. May God grant it, for. \\\ie Saviour's sake. (Ap plause.) Mr. CV- Fletcher (from Sydney), then ad dled the meeting. He alluded to the pre 'Tious sppakers having prefaced their speeches with an apology, and suggested tho use of a pair of scissors in future to cut such apologies off. With regard to some speeehes at tea meetings, it had been said that the character of the audi ence might be taken from the speeches that were usually made. If that were' the case, the pre sent congregation must be of a very energetic character indeed, for all tho previous speeches had been such. (Hear, hoar,) Ho also alluded to tho question of finance. One speaker got up for tho express purpose of introducing it, but ho had no sooner touched upon it than ho sat down again. (Laughter.) The second soon passed it over, and the next did likewise Ho thought, howover, the financial question was a very im portant one. The organisation of God's church had boon so constituted by Him, that this was one of tho verj essential items in it, and in every church there ought to bo ono man or more, thoroughly acquainted with the conduct of finan cial matters, and who possessed a happy knack of getting the finances in. The associations of finance ought to bo mixed in their hearts with the joy of the Lord, which was their strength. It was part of tho means towards the great end of the church, andought to be considered as such. Some one had once said to him, ' I suppose you havo been to one of thoso ' skylarking' tea meetings.' This was far from an appropriate epithet to use. The word skylarking usually meant that rough, disorderly kind of horseplay indulged in by those who know no hotter, or did not practice it. Tho carrion crow was a better emblem for such than tho skylark, who was con tinually soaring towards tho heavens above, who built its nest, it was true, on tho ground, but whose song was heard long after it was out of sight, nearer and nearer to heaven's gate. Such ought to be the aim of all Christians, to be eventually rising like tho lark, nearer and nearer to heaven. Let them be strong in tho Lord and in the power of his might, and then they would have confidence, comfort, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Let tho skylark bo their emblem, not tho carrion crow. (Applause.) The Rev. W. Smith then stated that tho col loction made during the services, and on that evening had reached about £43. (Applause.) On the motion of the Rev. W. Smith, seconded by Rev. J. Penman, a vote of thanks was ne cordod to the ladies by acclamation. The same compliment was paid to tho Rev. W. McKoown, and to Mr. C. Fletcher, for their attendance, and to the chairman, for presiding that evening. The Doxology was then sung, after which the Rev. J. Penman pronounced tho benediction, and tho meeting closed. Hakjjijby Gold Mining Company. — Tho re port of tho meeting of the shareholders, will appear in our next. Jt arrived too late for inser tion in this issue. 