OPENING CEREMONIES AT THE CHURCH OF HOLY TRINITY, WESTBURY. [By our Launceston Correspondent.] To the Roman Catholics of Westbury and its district is due the credit of having erected one of the largest and most handsome places of worship in the colony, and the solemn opening of this sacred edifice by the Most Rev. Bishop Murphy, took placo on Wednesday, the 20th mat, when morning and evening services were poiformed with most imposing ceremonies Unfortunately tho weather was anything but favourable Rain fell in toi rents on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning up till about nine o'clock, and the weather con tmued gloomy and threatening during the wholo day, hav nig the effect of deterring a large number of would be visitors from Launceston and other long distances Notw ithstanding this drawback however the attendance was \ery laige, the spacious elan eli being »eli tilled ¡it both services Before detailing the day s ceremonies a descrip tion of the church and of the preliminary cfiorts of its pastor aud congregation, which havo been crowned with such gratifying success, must of necessity pro\ e interesting to a large class of your readers Hie church has been elected by contri buttons, and to the willing aid generally given, and the continuous and unflagging ¡»cal of the pastor, the Rev James Hogan, the happy result so speedily achieved has boen mainly due 1 he liuilduie has been erected from the design of H Hunter, Esq , architect, of Hobart lowti, and occupies a pleasant and central cite m the ton n of Westbury, at the junction of William street with the main road 1 ho style is plain Gothic The nave is seventy six feet high by thirty one feet tinco niclio«, and there aro two transepts, each twontj three feet by fourteen feet The chancel is twenty six feet by tw enty three feet, sacusty, eighteen feet by foin teen, tower entrance, nine feet hy nine , baptistry, tun . feet by ten, lobby, ten feet hy ten feot and the 1 approaches to organ gallery, ten feet by ten feet Hie organ gallery, which is at the w est end, extends the whole width of the navo, and is twelve feet wide and twelve feet from the main floor, and is lighted by a magnificent oriel window, in tho centie of which is ii i uprescntatiou of our Diviuo Lord, surrounded hy a repicsentation of tho Pelican m the \\\ llderneBS, tho Cross mid Heart, the Cross with the Hammer and Nails, the Cross with the Cuele of I horns, with t s R I , a representation of tho undivided gai ment of Christ, the lamp of faith, and the Lamb lins window »as executed by Mtssrs Uno and ferguson, glass stainers mid vvoikers ni ^lass, of Melbourne, and is most beautifully and artistically finished It is the gift of Daniel Burko Esq , the much respected Warden of Westbury Hie approaches to tho church ure from a flight of stops through tho tower on tho north vv est sido, there being another entrance nt the west olid In addition to these, there is also a private entrance to the sicristy ou the south side Hie walls ate built of squared rubble, varied with ironstone, m irregiilui courses, with frcestono dressings, thus giving u light and graceful appearance to the building lho freestnno for tho building WUB prooured in tile district The nave is lighted by hv e doublo lighted wuidiws, and tho Inbtristy nnd approaches to the oigan gallery hy a single light llicso aio inadu of cathedral glass, with ruby stained glass borders Hie transepts are lighted with threo single lights of similar construction to those m tho nave, and in addition b> two hau laoiiie oriel window s of stained ¿hiss, containing various enibliunatical subjects The one on the north, fronting the main mad, ia the gift of Mr Wm Diguou.ahbeial donor to the church funds, and for many years sub inspector of police at Westbury, who has »mee left for America, and who, on the occasion of his departure, made this liberal presentation to the church The windon Consists of a representation of the three persons of the blessed Tnnity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost The southern window represents the sister virtues, Faith, Hope, and Charity, and the cost of this window was defrayed by collections made by Mr Stewart The transept roofs are supported by moulded Gothic arches, resting on freestone pillars The chancel is approached fiom the nave by a flight of three stope, extending the whole width of the navo The chancel arch is of dressed, deeply moulded freestone, supported on octagon freestone pillars with bases i he chancel arch, on the chancel floor, is twenty feet vvido and thirty five feet in length The platfoim is raised from steps from the chancel floor, and on this the altar is placed Hie altar of the old church will be used, till one more suitable to the new church can bo furnished when the rcredos will extend the whola width of the chancel The church is lighted with three windows the cost end window being the gift of Mr. .T. Barber and his family,, now of Launces- ton, and who, on ii recent -visit to England, ordered this beautiful mid costly work, and furnished it to the Rev. Mr. Hogan, this being only one of Mr. Barber's many liberal acts during his connec- tion with the district. The embellishment of the glass of this window represents the nativity of our Lord, His crucifixion and resurrection ; with beauti- fully and artistically enriched borders. This work was executed by Coutts and Son, of London, and is a genuine work of art, unexcelled, and, perhaps, unequalled in the colony. The others are two stained glass windows with two lights. The one | represents St. Patrick and St. Bridget. The second . is a representation of the annunciation, and is the , joint gift of Mrs. William Smith, of Westbury, and , the Very Rev. W. J. Dunne, Vicar-General, j These windows were oxecutcd in Melbourne, by i Messrs. Urie aud Ferguson, and, .as works of , , colonial art, are well worthy of inspection. All the ¡ lead-lights were made by Messrs. Howard and Son, I of Launceston, and are creditably finished. The j whole of the roofs ore opened timber roofs, the main ! roof is constructed with framed, wrought and chnmpered Oregon pine, springing from freestone corbels, every alternate one being half principals, the intermediate rafters being of colonial blackwood. The height of the main roof to the apex is fifty-one feet, and it is in contemplation to stain the pine and varnish the whole, when there aro funds in hand, and this will communicate to the interior of the roof a very handsome appearance The whole of the roofs aro slated, and on the apices of all the gables are ornamental crosses of freestone. The height of the walls is twenty-five feet, and the distance to the top of the roof fifty feet. The tower is at present only carried up part of its height, and it is temporarily covered in. The tower and spire, when finished according to plan, will be seventy-one feet from the floor line, and the spire will be then, as intended, an octagon spire, resting on a square base. The altar rail is of oak of Gothic design, and made by Cox and Son, London. The foundation was buiit os a separate contract, and the foundation stone was laid by tho Most Rev ! Bishop Murphy some three j ears ago Davern and j Sons were the contractors for the whole of the rubble masonry, Cronly and Anderson for the free stone, and the erection of the roof was contracted for by Mr Ford, of Launceston The doors, floors, aud internal fittings were executed by Roe and Son, builders, of Hagley, who have given gi eat satisfoc tion in carrying out their poi tiou of the work The scats are open, made of colonial blackwood, and from the design of H Hunter, Esq , the aichiteet The vi hole of the stained glass w indows weie giv on to the church by friends, and some of the other windows also, and the names of the donors are inscribed under each Hie building altogether re fleets great credit upon all concerned, and, as will be seen from the foregoing description, is one of the largest and most handsome m tho colony Preparations for to day's opening ceremonies had been for some time in piogioss, and the indefati fable and much respected pastor of tho district, the ¡ev las Hogan, has for some time post been un remitting in his oxeitions to make to day's pro ccediugs an unqualified success lu these efforts he has been ably seconded, not only by his own con gregation, but by members of many l'i o testant chinches, both at Westbury and Launceston, and other northern districts, whete he is everywhoio highly esteemed For some time past orchestral and choral rehearsals of the music to ho performed hav e been held at the show room of Mr George Hubbard s Boston Music Wai chouse, in Launceston, vvlncii room Mr Hubbaid has, m a most liberal manuel, lighted with gas, placed it the disposal of the pel formers free of chai gc A singular instance of the good feeling c\hibitcd to Tathei Hogan by tho momheis of other denominations, is furnished in the fact that the ellon which i endered such excellent music at Wednesday s ceiemomes was mainly com posed of the chons of Pi o test ant chinches, those of 6t Paul s, JYinit}, and St John's be ng represented, besides several of the dissenting chinches This ebon has for some weeks been in practico, and I under tho guidanco of Mr T H Mclv j n as musical conductoi, achieved great proficicncj, Mr T Sharp acting as leader of the orchestra, and filling the position to tho entile satisfaction of all At range meats for cniivojing visitors were made by the piovision of special trims both fioin Launceston and Doloiaino, a laige tttendance being confidently anticipated, but owing, as before stated, to the inclement vicithci, these facilities for trinsit viere not vcrj largolj availed of Tho pioginmino of the morning service consisted of the solemn opening of the church bj the Loi d Bishop and the celebration of Solemn High Mass (Coi am Ponli/ice), the choir pel foi ming timing the service Mo/arts Iwelfth Moss and othei selections The service was commenced precisely at 11 o'clock, the church at that hour being well filled. The Bishop had arrived from Hobart Town on the previous day, and numerous other members of the clergy arrived by train on the day of opening. The- solemn ceremony of opening tho chinch was performed by the Bishop. The dcncons of the Throne were the Very Rev. Dean O'connell, of Sydney, and the Rev". M. Keoghnn, of Oatlands. The Very Rev. W. J. Dunne, V. G., acted ns assistant priest, wearing cope and biretta, and the Rev. D. F. X. Deccbinor, of St. Mary's, Hobart Town, as Master of the Ceremonies at the Throne. Round the Throne of his Lordship tho Bishop weie mitre, crozier, book, and bugie bearers. The Rev. E. Welsh, of Westbury, was the celebrant of the High Mass ; the Rev. J. J. M'Kerwin acted as deacon ; and the Rev. J. Feehan, of Launceston, as sub-denoon ; the Rev. J. Kelsh, of New Norfolk, being Master of Ceremonies of tho Mass. In the sanctuary were seated tho Rev. Dean Butler, D.D., of Launceston, tho Rev. M. J. Boechinor, of Campbell Town, the llov. J. Noone, of Torquay, tho Rev. J. Houlahan, of Circular Head, and the Jlov. J. Hogan, pastor of the church and district. The morning's ceremonies commenced hy the Bishop and clergy forming in procession at the house of the Rev. Jas. Hogan, tho orchestra rendering "Lift up your Head" (from Handel's Messiah) pi ¡or to thoir entering the Church. Tho procession went round the outside of the building, and consisted of acolytes wearing cassocks mid cottas, together with the bofore inciitioued clergy in surplices, soutaus, and bhetta». Then carno the "assistants of'the Bishop followed by His Lordship, who woro a superb Roman co| o and precious mitre, and boro the pastoral staff in his hand. As the procession went round the chinch the clergy chnuntcd the MUerere and othor psalms and prayers prescribed for the occasion. Having made the round of the Church, the procession entered, the choir intoning tho Litany of the Saints, to which the assembled clergy mado the responses. After blessing the High Altar, His Lordship tho Bishop proceeded round the interior in procession with tho clergy with similar coremnny to that adopted outside. Tho ceremony of blessing the C'lunch concluded, Solomii High Mass was com- menced about 12 o'clock, the orchestra and choir per- forming portions of Mozart's Twelfth Ma<<8 during its progress. After thoGospel.thoRev. Julian E. Tenison Woods delivered a very eloquent and imprcBsivo sermon, at tho conclusion of which, his Lordship the Bishop addressed a few words to tho congrega- tion, exhorting them to be steadfast and persevere in the good work they had undertaken, and ex- pressing the gratification ho had experienced in dedicating their beautiful church to God. The church was in every way worthy of admiration, as wore also tho exertions of the people aud their zealous pastor, to whom all honour was duo for bringing to posB a work in every way worthy of their glorious religion. Tho Bishop also expressed hia thanks to the memhors of other denominations for the aid they had given, and concluded hy ox pressing a hope that the congregation would continuo ni the good work they had commenced by quickly paying off the debt on tho church. Mr. Tilomas Sharp, leader of the orchestra, then gave a voluntary on the organ during tho collection, which was taken up by members of tho clergy. The mass was thou continued to tho end. Beside the pieces already mentioned as having been performed by choir and orchestra, Mr. F. ferguson sang Ven i minite npirila in an excellant mininer, being accompanied on the violin and organ. At the conclusion of the morning service tho Hallelujah chorus from the Meiutiah was given by tho orchestra mid chorus. The collection at tho morning ceremonies amounted to nearly £300. At the conclusion of the morning ceremony, the choir, orchestra, nnd sovoral niombors of the con- gregation sat down to a dinner provided at Smith's Horriodalo Inn. The Rev. leather Hogan occupied the chair, and Mr. Daniel Burke, Warden of West- bury, noted ns vice-chairman. JiiBtico having been done to tho very excellent repast provided, the toasts of the choir, tho subscribers to the church, the pastor, and others, woro proposed, mid duly re- sponded to, mid tho proceedings closed just before tile departure, of tho livo o'clock train for Laun- ceston, when soveral of tho clergy and most of tho visitors returned to town. lu the evening another sorvico took place, when the ceremony consisted of the solemn Pontifical benediction of tho Most Holy Sacrament, given hy the Bishop, a number of the olorey being in attendance, ns in tho morning. The church, as in tho morning, was well filled, and tho Rev. J. E, Tenison Woods again delivered a very eloquont and impressive sermon. The Litany of the Blessed Virgin and Tantum Ergo were performed. A collection was made during the evening, resulting in another large addition to the funds to pay off the debton the church. 