NEWS AND NOTES. The R.M.S. Golcohda was at Glenelg, South Aus tralia, at 530 a.m. on Saturday She passed the Otway at ten o’clock last night, and will probably reach the Bay at nine o’clock this morning. A full telegraphic .summary--of- the -English news will' be found' in' ranotherdpart:. of the" .paper, r; Pressure: on- our; space, -compels us to hold over oar usual leading articles. We icerphy telegram thaty the Durham brings the full account of the attempt, to assassinate Prince Bis- i inarch; and'ikappears that there were a l .number of ‘’"The w.ouhhhs'assasfein .whs a .member of several religious societies, - ’ ' " •T AT meeting'of 'the committee' thevßaljkWt/.Turl Club.was held ph Saturday, ho'take'Jiht6.c6hs}der.etwn' matter*.in connection: with-the proposed.art union, 'The secretary read correspondence as follows;—From, .the Attorney-General, dated ICth September, request-,- ing to be furnished with a catalogue dr description of, the'prizes ttf,'be;offered-7;,Tothiß'the. secretary on I7th'66^s6l^l6^that ‘as : thd'committed ha 4 pc£ met the list bad not been completed, but when it was , it would be furnished to the Attorney-General. On the ISthn September the Attorney-General replied, stating;--that • SSv had understood the works of art" were in"; existence, and in posses sion of the/-/’.promoters of the lottery, but finding from-the secretary’s letter of thqSlZfo.mst; that" 'such .was /ndt the case, his (the;; Attorhey>' General's) communication of sth Septemberr-wherein he statcd'liis intention of not prohibiting the lottery,- ■/—would be of .no avail, as it was in contravention.of the Act. N0. : ;2651'-’--,Some strong bpmiona\werefox;- pressed:by members of-.the committee with reference to the action*bf the "Attorney-General as unworthy of his position, and a very equivocal way of getting rid of' a responsibility be ■had~incnrred,"“by hls“letter-of sth September. It was ultimately resolved*-however,, to delay further action in connection'Witlf ’the lottery until-arraugements could-bs -made for foe- purchase of works of art, in ordersthat .the AttQrney-.Geperal may have no further cause of complaint.- -A--letter was also submitted from Mr J. Walker, enclosing cheque, and requesting that the disqualification of the Marquis of'Lornelmight be removed and the (horse allowed'.to, run. The secretary was instructed to return the cheque, and inform Mr Walker" that they could not receive the.entfy -how/but the matteriwduld -be' con sidered at the next meeting of the committee, ,- : . ; It was generally believed in .Melbourne on Saturday that the steamer Durham had .made , the passage in forty-seven days, and much" wonder* was" expressed at the shortness of the time. It was, however, known to those who look the trouble to enquire that “ someone bad blundered,!’ and that the actual time occupied in the passage was fifty-four days,, The. (Champion : Ploughing Match, with;, the-. other events, which will take place ,on;Wednesdaj next, near the Dowling Forest* Racecourse,'will, there can scareely.be. a doubt/ prove most’attractive; The entries for* thb different classes were'received at the- Royal hotel on Saturday./ The'cbntesl for the cham pionship will take place in Class A, which is open. to : all comers,, with single-furrow.,ploughs, and-the. prizes, are:—First, 50 Wvs,/.with,.the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society’s' gold medal added; second, 30 sovs; third, 20 sovs; fourth, 10 sovs; fifth, 6 sova; .sixth, 3 sovs; Forty-seven entries for '.this class were received on Saturday, and the following localities send each one representative, viz.;—Beaufort, Coburg, Both well Springs,-;Haddpn, '.Miners’ Rest, Mount : Arnpiles, Terrick Tefrick (Eehuca); Geelong, Smeaton, ■Campbollfield, Northcote, Dookie South, Sorell (Tas-. manta)," Clarence Plains (Tasmania); Biinglefap, Cixrng-* ham, Chepstowe, Woodstock, Stockyard Hill, Ballarat, Bundoora/.Rochfort,’ Gisbourne, Moorabool Creek/a'hd Colac. .The follojying- placea will be represented by, two,; ploughmen from each*— Glendaruel, Windermere, Learmontb, Burrumbeet, Hobart Town, Barrabool Hills* Launceston, Ascot, Oxley, Lianecoorie, and-- ’Bungowannah, N.S.W. The colors of the rosettes to be worn by_ the ploughmen are—Victoria, blue; Tas mania,’red; New/ ( South /Wales, green./ j The /judges . wilt wear white rosettes, and the stewards red, white," and blue rosettes.- -Class>B is open to all comers’with double-furrow ploughs v ‘ The, prizes .are. as follow: ‘Firet/*2O/s6vs; secdnd/.IS 'spy's; third/ 10 sovs; /fourth,, 5 sovs;’fifth*, 3 . sovs. ‘ / There" are‘./twelve' entries for, this class. In Class C, open for youths/under eighteen' years of age, the prizes are;—First, 6 sovs, with a silver medal added" (the* gift’of "‘•Mr’ Simon /Oaddeh, Alfredton,’ Ballarat); second, .;5.,- sovs;‘third,-,-4 sovs; fourth, 3 sovs; fifth, 2 sovs;- sixth,' 1 sov. There are mne-'entriesih this class. -'Every/accommodatiohwill'- be provided "bn ; the ground; for 'the' Convenience of ‘the public. Trains will convey .visitors .to the match;-, stopping., near vthe . racecourse; coaches,.,will ; deaya. - Cobb’s office, and go right up.to.tbe locality./ A,card, will be published bn,the ground containing of the competitors, the" colors worn," the" districts they represent, .the names of. the 'makers , of the ploughs used, and;the number of- foo/drawihg for : places'., On ] the .'fpUpwing;- day (Thursday) the ■ Burrumbeet and, Windermere annual "ploughing: match, will take place, on the farm oh Mr James Mitchell; Windermere, about eight miles from Ballarat. _The entries for the four classes will be made on the ground,., . .. ~,,/. , , , The’weathef oh Saturday and Sunday wasboisteri ous, cold, and wet. Hail-and rain’storms were fre quent, the rainfall being heavy.- -T). A man called German Charley was admitted to the Creswick _ Hospital. on Saturday, having met with serious injury through a fall of earth whilst working in a drive at Sulky Gully. At the City. Police- court on. Saturday, a man pained Edward Chanco, was/charged* with; having; solicited alms in the street. He was let off with a caution. At . the Town Police-court two, drunkards were .dealt with in the ordinary way.V // '/. ~///'/ '/ A'prisoner named Antcliffe, one- of the ■ gang em ployed/ m'wcfrking ahtheTlbffinical Gardens,'/refused; when up there bn Friday affornbon/tb, obey the orders of Mr Young,'one of the warders. 'Antcliffe had to be handcuffed and taken back' to the gaol, and on Satur day forehqpri'Mr Gaunt, the visiting justice,- sentenced him. to fourteen days’ imprisonment in addition’to the sentence he is now serving. •_/ ■/•-- - v ’ 1 The name of the Rev.,J. A. ,H. Ingham, of the, Geelong Wesleyan in connection/with ; a charge of. alleged;-plagiarism. Oh Sunday, the 13th Inst.,-the reverend" gentleman preached in Lydiard street Wesleyan Church, and .two, young ;inen took -notes ; of .the. sermon;; which theyi allege was one of Tidiuage’s, the text being the 36 th chap.„ of Jeremiah and 23rd verse. The matter ,will) be brought before the district meeting shortly-. Mr Ingham denies that/he. has plagiarised" anyone. A man named James Sl'lhtosh, aged 47, employed at No. 2 shaft of the Perseverance T Compdny,:waB-ad-'. mitted: to/ , the. /District’.Hospital ’ early-bn Saturday morning, with a bruised hip", caused by a piece of clay falling upon him from-the top; of/tho drive in.whicb be was working, . , . : i . Our’Smythesdale correspondent Writes;—“Atthe Smythesdale Police-court on Saturday, 19th Septem ber, before Mr John Keith, J.P., sis Chinese,'three of whom were on remand from the, previous evemhg, were charged bn an""ii)Tormatrou'"tb bind to the peace, laid by,James Ah Yen,.formerly Chineseinterpreter at Smythesdale. Mr" Stediaan. appeared for the de fence., The jmosecutqr ..stated that/ hp. was stopping* at the Haddoti" Chinese Cimp.at preseiit, and that on Thursday, four of the prisoners came to him and by intimidating lauguage caused" "him' to’ go',with them" to the Chinese Camp at Smythesdale; also that' he was compelled through fear ' to'sign an "acknowledgment to pay £lB, which .the Chtocsa had, been obliged to pay in consequence of a’ prosecution for gambling; He had- also, been " very..roughly »ueed. Constable/ O’Shaughnessy’s evidence stated that when James Ah Yen came to' lay the information-he was; covered with dirt,;hia,hah y/as smashediu, and there was a lump on the side of his head. The constable also .stated that,the police had privateinformation .tqthe, effect tbat’thc Chinese at the camp cherished a deadly/ hatred.agqinst the, interpreter, ithijikingj that he had given information in the gambling case, but their sus picion -Was/unfounded.;' =The offenders were bound to. the pieaee for three months "in a -personal security of; £2O irich’and-two -Bureties-of' £lO, l with 10s costs in each case. So far the interpreter has got/protection; but one part of the "ayse/.was left in a very urisatisfac, tory state. One of the Chinese witnesses' for the defence- - stated that- he ’’saw 1 thef "interpreter about a week ago, or a little" more, going into a "cookahop ia the Smythesdale’ Chihege/Camp, and’also heard bis voice in,the shop, whHe "the, interpreter protests that he was not there at all, nor had heeo there for .two or three months previous. Constable ’ O’Shaugbnessy ■also said that be did not believe that the interpreter was in the camp, i’represented/By: th/e;witneEs, The matter is, one "wniolj. dpmanda investigation,.and.Mr ’Superintend^ntiHill. should take thVcase ih hahd'rfhd have it thoroughly-investigated, - "as to allow such a edge to pass unnoticed could not fail to have a very iujuriqus effect not only upon the -morals pi the Chinese in the district, but also upon those of Euro peans.’* - - -The Wesleyan Chronicle has.au article condemnatory of the Ballarat and all other -lotteries, the writer being - candid enough to iriefode "'church hazards'.in the. general index, ri- ' ' • ■ - The annual meeting of the Ballarat Auxiliary of the "Wesleyan Australasian,; Missionary-; ,Society., -will--take; place this evening at seven o’clock in' the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church. Addresses will’he delivered’by’ several reverend, gentlemen.. A letter from the .Rev., Joseph. Dare, undated, ap pears in the Wesleymi Chroniele, 'giying an account of bis .voyage’from Sydney, " and touching at the - Fiji" group'. 1 ,; Th' a* footnote the editor says:-(—“Mf : Dare/ ipreached in,San,l?rauciscp,;and created quite a sehsa-: 1 tion by his. sermon. •-Some,’stay.was: made- in; Utabi among the Mormons. He visited Baltimore (where he was the guest of the Rey. T; Guard, D,D.), Chicago, New and.-yarious other cities .and towns, of, interest:' '"At Troy,’ ha ■ was -’ present’ at’ 'the hatiobal-' 1 camp meeting at Rqqn.d, take, , His sermon, before this great Methodist’gathering' ib ,, thq3 reported in the Troy Whig: —‘ The event~jof the m e .etibgjyas an exceedingly masterly sermon by,the,Rey.,J?rJ}are, pf., Melbourne, ’ Australia;- i ; The , text- was : from Matt. - xxviii.riJ 9 i— ‘ The Father-and th/e Son,; and Holy; ‘Ghost.’ The first half the dlßedurae was explanatory " of the doe trine of the Trinity, It was a wonderful sermon. At..its close all. the people.flajd “Amen,”, and sang “Arise my soul, arise J”’ ‘ Dr ’ Pare, as he is styled above, left New York for England on ’ 18th Jply.—Jfp. W.C." - All the { 'pictote:Vhwers aH the Jbttqry,- db; f not grumble. The BaUan correspopdept of the Batchus l/Mqnh. Express sayB:=v“Tlje:;MeibQacneTJl , P. would 'try to make us believe that the Ballarat Art Union' jWaa.-a gqniple.te swindle, andithatitho prizes. drawnifor„ Svere utterly valueless. That such are not the facts .can be verified by the inhabitants of this township by ftheir only paying " arvisit ' to/; fir /where the sixth prize is on view. The subject is “ 4 (Ball in the Tyrolw J ’ I ,B i m^gt^ To ‘comment on this most extraordinary and wonder ful specimen of the abilities of the artist would to me be a difficult matter. Bat those who'are competent judges of these matters ought to go anclsee for them selves. I heard that Mr Blake was offered £l3O for it before'removing it from the wall.” ? 2 £«• following notices of motion, will pp called On:—By Councillor M'Dowall— That prisori'laber badiscoatinued, aridthat ittfuture all-such workjbe done! by "contract.”. J, By. Councillor Howard—“ That the .(.city , baths-bo let by tender.” J3jr Councillor Caherr“ That, aa.jthe'duties v pb.,tlia.Jcity-, engineer are'considerably, lightened ih-bonßequieuce'of the cleansing of the streets:being lefby contract, this council do now take into consideration the advisability of’callinguponTiim to“pe'rTdrm'extfa"du£ies l 'at" present r performed by/otherj officers; of this" council."/ i ) v J T The Bale; < of the Avoca Company’s i plant Unci ffiebbld comprising thu cottage/V &fc.;/-was ' commenced on Thursday (says Saturday’s Free Press), and die! not finish until yesterday (Friday), at one o’clock. Every thing was sold. There were few bidders for the plant, which was put up in separate lots, those in attendance being dealers in mining machinery from Ballarat. The only excitement produced by the sale was the item of the freehold property, which was offered at per acre. It was started at £3 and ran up by Mr Buhlert to £5 7s ;6d, and withdrawn. Subsequently, ' we learn, it was bought by Mr Bickerton (legal manager Melbourne and Avoca Company), two shares, and the following one share each;—Messrs Snell, Sheehan, Potten, Hen derson, Miles, and Jas. .Wise (auctioneer), for £BOO. The sale altogether,wi[l (realise about jthe same Offered for the lot when put updo auction at'Ballorat about four months since, viz., £4300.. The company’s debt to, the .BlankofNew-. So.utfi...\Vale3 is .said-tp.be nearly'£soos7 ' v ' ' ’ .»»/<**,. i-. ■ At the'meeting of the Farmers’ Club en Saturday, Mr W. Scott, of Bald Hills/'read'-a very interesting paper on “ The Growth and Consumption of Mangold Wiirtzel,” containing a great-deal of useful informa tion. - In our advertising columns will be found the pro gramme. of jtha concert to be giyen at the Mechanics’, Institute wtmndjhtqame ArabeilaiGoddiird; will perform for the first time in Ballarat. Madame Goddard will play, as a solo. on the pianoforte, one of Beethoven’s Sonatas (op.. 2G)/Andante and variations, minuetto and trip, funerpjlj march, allegro vivace, finale; a caprice Jules Sivrii; and an an; arrangement” of Scotch airs, by Briasac. These, in; themselves, should prove sufficient attraction to true lovers of music, but, in- addition, Mrs Smytho, Mrs Cutter, and Mr Lamble will sing various songs and concerted pieces. We understand that the tickets are being /.eagerly .'sought :for,h and: that there is--.no doubt that .the .entertainment,.wilt he as attractive as its'merits; should .make it. Every arrangement pps sible will be made, for the comfort of. the audience) and rip pains wiU Jbe spared to ensure a. corhplete suc-‘ cess. Those who have' not heani Madame'Goddard, and can appreciate really perfect pianoforte-plriying without ad captandum efforts, may safely expect a treat such as they have not had before in this colony. ■ On Friday night at Albury, was II feet ; above summer'level*'-- t }fi' The. Gazette.appoints JphnFarkin,.Charles,Naples,; WilliamThistlethwaite, John’-Leishmau, and. James Bunyari to be trustees of the’landj set‘apart-for agri cultural i society., purposes;at-Spring 'Hill; .William, -/Davies/in the foomi.of E.’Williams, deceased,‘to be; a' trusteed thc-land - set apart" ‘for. experimental farm' purposesat Smeatbm ’ Referring to the Purhamrifeamer; wh6se arriyal is mentioned ih ; purl'Melbourrie" letter; the''iTci;aZd hays: : —“ It may be’'observed'' that at 'her launching the Durham was christenedtby'Mias .GCrtrude Wigram,, .daughter of Mr Money; Wigram j eldest brother of.;the; family. ■ .The vesselds:barque;rigged/and ; has; -been placed under the' command;'of' Captain' Frederick Anderson, late of the' favorite 'ship' the Yorkshire, be longing to the'same firm. ( Captain Anderson, it may be remarked, has been in the service of , Messrs Money Wigram and Son fora/peripdpf.pyer, thirty years, and has brought a great many colonists to these shores.” The, Qeilong Adixrliscr. says that Mr Bray’h'j lucky, lottery ticket had'been' refused by other applicants at; the s office..’, Bray, took what came .first, and. hence his luck. - • ; , r-. The nomination of Mr W. Brazenor for two entries to-the Ballarat Coursing Club St. Leger Stake has been added, with the consent of the,previous nomina tors, the same fiaving been'receivedAfter the clbse of the entries. .Tiie, Argus'? Walhmla. correspondent writes (under) date Of the lfith instant:—“ News reached here today of a'ricli J find;in the Golden; Key,Company’s : claim ,at Donnelly,’ACfeekj suddenly doubling the, mariet>valuej 'of;the company's shares, and that the Bismarck.Comt pany at the same place had a short crushing of 89 f tons of stone,.which yielded 188 oz-C dwt-of retorted gold. From this a dividend of at least'ls per !o,oootli share is, expected. r AU the.wpodsplitters in the neighj. borhood 'iue on strike for higher prices,'arid tliougli several meetings have been held, no satisfactory result has as yet been arrived at. The.men’s denjands being, most.reasonable, the movement', is.favorably,received) by the general public in our 'neighborhood. . The num ber of men on strike is about 80. 1 ’ 1 -' ' ’ “> > £ Thedunes Cemetery trustees met on. Friday. even-: mg last, when the .secretary reported 11 interments, 1 for the’past'month; for the ’edrresporiding period in previous year, 5.; Tho.income for theiinouth was £ll ss. • . Accounts amountirigto £8 18s lid ■ were passed for pay merit, leaving a credit balance' Of £21,11s 2 and.);; f - Special half-yearly; services .were held on’ Sunday.at the'Daivsbri street’ Congregational Church,-by the Rev. W. Moss, of- .Melbourne/., At.both services there were pretty /large/' congregations., . The, collections ambunt-to ; abbut‘£lo.r J ", - : : The AVtury Banntr reports an, inquest on Sainson Phillips, a seaman,'aged 85.' He was, in the inutiny at the.Nore.; • ~,i. ~ ■ Mr Charles Lascelles took, his benefit: at -the-Me-- chanics’ Institute on Saturday evening, and although there was a fair attendance;, it,was not so . good as the merit of the performance deserved. The first portion of the programme consisted, of .the. opera, di; aimera. “ Uu Ballo in Miischera,” in which the full company appeared. Miss Lydia Hbwarde/ as Amelia,'' was very pleasing and sang her part with great 1 teste, while the same may be said of Mdile Andre Novaro as the page, who had a part well suited to-her capacity. Mdile Solange was also very effective as Ulrio. Both ladies were heartily applaude ■was in exellent voice, and 'gave the part of Resiato with great credit, while . Messrs Florence, Biddle, and rßattray wers also- very successful, the latter gentle jnan) being,' heard to: advantage';..in .tbe .celebrated “ Shergo “.arid the finale, ' Lascelles •• in; placing tile musical' gems of this opera.,before ;tha: publio/wos ’equally successful : as : with ; his' ! pfevi6fis ;: effofts, and 1 re ceived the warm applause of the audience. Mr Rattray sang “The Village" Blacksmith" very spiritedly, after, which Miss, Lydja Howards , gave auoflfer example "of "her versatility'by'appearing'"fbr the,;first,tune.in, a ppv/, serio-comic..song “Slilitary. Style,!’ accompanying herself on the side-dram. and a very-good drummer she; was, too, her performance being encored loudly; ' Mr Cazaly sang'l’Largb!. al’| Factptrim " from the.“ Barber of. Seville ” with good expressible,, end • with koine .degree pf /merit,! for,./which, he was applauded, wlfije Mr Florence was-equally; good in the ballad “Happyhe thy, dreams.” The performance concluded’with’ the ‘charming little (operetta “-TheTlose of Adverse,"with'seenery,dresses) and effects.; Tlris.was doubtless.the treat: of the even ing, and was excellently -performed.- Mr Lascelles made a splendid representative of Pierre, and it is not too much to say that |’e -has made it' all the author wished for in this buffo character. The Mdlles Solauge and Andre •-NoVaro - are 'excellerifc-iii oorijib operetta, and as, Alphonse and Fleurette respectively they did full.justice to, tfieif parts;: Mdile .Andre was'quite ut ' home.in', her part, arid the hyiplay,between her arid Pierre was thoroughly humo.ronp, while the scenes’be-, .tween. Pierre and tibia; cpbblpri' kept the: /house in, a continual roar pfilaughter, -The)eriteftairi-' 'rijent was .one ■ pi the best .that; has yet been put, on. the stage of the Mechanics’ Institute, but as Mr Lascelles contemplates a stay of another month, the public will no doubt have (Bore opportunities of ap preciating this gentleman’s talents as a musical stage During the'’evening,-.MessrsF.- Ml Bade, and the stagejxnd pre sented JJj Lascelles with a' gold watch and chain. Mr.vGlaxtpai said tij.e,gift had bean subscribed.for by, the committee and a/uumhee-pf geritlemeri ai a‘ slight, tribute of‘respect to Mr Lascelles,’apidJas; sqpe-iecom-v pease for thd trouble and pains he had taken to'ffiake the Fine Art Exhibition concerts so successful, and as Mr Lascelles intended to taka’ thp Mechanics’ hall for anotheKmj>nthr»he,(thfi r speakcrj ! was sqr f tJjg.tgy ; ery J one with* wKom'MrLascffifes was'acquairited Uad'offiy one wish, that he would -be as successful in his enter prise as fie) deserved to be. Mr Lascelles briefly thanked the dqnpta, fbf the .present, : ,aha;said ; that , the; short time he) had a most) delightful one to him, and was glad he hpd imcmyjjEnepds)'.' M?) would: say,(too/ that hU relatfonSj wffili' tiie ppirimjt^ l , f)i been most amicable and pleasant, apd h G thf 3re f° ro; appreciated, the pressnt kind pft mbrP'Msffij" '- l! ThpJHbernicop nyerj at -hfllh. the aftcrabori arid evening perffirriiarides on Saturday, apd the entertainment went off in the usual satisfac tory manner. To-night is. the,.benefit of Miss Kato De Lacy, and from the pqpularity of that young lady in Ballarat, we may expect Aa. Mri'O- efjtfj&eQ-; 'Jbpuse on -the occasion; ,jO is.-:.. 'I proyd, - ' ..the residence of Mr James M’intbsli, J.P., oil the Ist instant, in aid of the debt cn.tbo.Preabyterian Church at Miners’ Rest, arid as a number of ladies apd geijtie men from Ballarat-jkindly yplunteered their smrvices, everything: went 'off with -Tjhe.-’greatest eclat. The thanks to Mr M’lntosh tor his efforts in making every thing pass off so successfully, and are happy to state that the total proceeds amount, to, oyer £2O. The entries for the Bfflarat Tuff'Club spring meet-, ing will close tojinoiTowi evening o’clock, at the Royal hotel.? .'V ~.Ci 'fsT : J. is,:we‘- regret to learn, still very unwell and confined to bis bed. J-V‘ .4 ■Voters, lists for the-Woady .Yaloak Division are lying' for inspection atthoofiice of the registrar, Mr A. W. jCro,we. ; ’ The-Buninyong IT.P.Sr’demphatration is announced' to take place on the last Wednesday ! in October. , : ,EbenezaLGhuroh.CQngregatioiL meet this evening at ~ eight o’clock. . , , -i The Rev; J. Potter, 8.A., will deliver a lecture to .morrow-evening,,.in -the Christ -Church-school-r00m..-. The Ballarat City Minstrels , meet kto-night at the -Gamp hotel.- - ; 