SPIRITUALISM. " (London Daily News.) As to the evidences of Spiritualism, we own to an almost entire indifference as to their accuniulation. Certainly a man must 'be childishly ignorant dofhuman nature if he supposes that any amount of testimony directed simply against the honesty of certain performances by this or that niedium'could.have the slightest effect in convincing Spiritualists. One might as well 'suppose that. the'superstitious terror of an old-fashioned believer in ghosts could"have been cured'by the discovery that one particular goblin was only Tom, the ploughboy, wi'apped in a white sheet. We fear the belief in Spiritualism must be relegated to one of'the neutralized ter iitories in the human mind which Professor Tynidall described or suggested-the Wonder-land of our, intellectual and emotional constitution, where Reason must not expect to find her laws acknowledged, and' where Science's writ does not run. :We are only sorry that some such 'idea as this did not find favour with 'scientific aid practical men long ago. It might still 'have preserved for us the dear, delightful,'romantic old ghosts. Why were not the ghosts placed under the pro tection of' this neutral principle in time, and guaranteed, like Belgium or Switzer land; against encroachment and conquest ? The most practical man will hardly say that they were not more gracefuil: and in teresting companions of our twilights and moonlights than the superstitions which have'been allowed to come to their place. The. ghbosts ideserve' fully as noble and pathetic a'lament as Schiller has given to the Godsof Greece.' We behaved'shabbily to those old and picturesque comrpanions those-vcnerable shadows which, even if they were sometimes, rniligned and sometimes terrible, were often lovely. andwere never vulgar,., Over their;orthography no sus picion ever hung, and' no, Manchester manufactured stuff was ever cut from the white folds of their. majestic garments. But we all looked on and allowed then to be swept away by the hesom of the practi cal, as if they, were a .colony ,of, old spiders in the corners of an. unoccupied house. We all pretended even to have no faith in them or liking for them, vain of our supposed scientific manhood, with the pitiful vanity of some raw youth who affects a lofty and manly contempt for the tart for which his mouth is watering all the while. Now that they. are all gone, and the places that were once theirs are swept and garnished, let us see what we have gained. The congress of Spiritual ists and the Newcastle sJance may supply the information, and seeing what the human mind is we are rather slow to urge that science should bestir itself even about the Spiritualists. For aught we know. there might be something still worse to come if we got rid of these. Diogenes, when .he saw two or three half-starved mice nibbling at his wretched crumbs, ob served that man could never get so low as to be without parasites. Perhaps he can never get so high as to be without super-. natural hangers-on., If so, why not put up with what we have ? In place of the Nereids and Dryads we got the ghosts, and in place of the, ghosts we have " the spirits." " Let us be warned this time and learn the wisdom of content. Even "the spirits" are not perhaps the lowest grade of excursionists who might come this way. 