THE DREAD SECRET. (From an English Magazine.) in ever Had the bright blossoms of hope been showered around a betrothal of more promise than that of Mande Livingston. Her " accepted" was both a man and a gentleman in the strictest meaning of the term. Beauty, too, had endowed both ; she with rippling tresses of the deepest auburn; eyes so very blue that a shadow changed them almost to hazel, and puz zled the beholder ; a complexion of the purest white, through which the tell-tale blood curdled in roseate blushes ; nose as daintily carved as ever sculptor dreamed ; and a small mouth whose coral-cleft lips revealed a line of regular and dazzling white pearls within. And yet there was an expression about those little lips that betokened a firm will if the heart should ever be called upon to battle for the light; an expression such as has carried heroes through the whirlwind of battle, and made martyrs die triumphantly and with songs of rejoicing at the faggot-surrounded stake. • For him, if he was the opposite in his strongly sinewed form, in his eagle eyes, in his black and straight hair, and some what strangely marked features, he was still gifted far more than is usually the case with manly beauty—was just such a one as a true hearted woman would look up to and lean upon—just the human oak around which the more tender human ivy would clasp its tendrils lov ingly and cling to, even though want and shame should come, to the bitter end. But there could be no fear of this for them. Education and wealth forbade even the thought of such a future, and when the soft moon shimmered through the interstices of the cherry trees and made the ripened fruit glitter like globes of blood, they fell upon as true a heart > plighting as was ever seen upon earth. Yet the next night they met again, and how all was changed ! Sunlight, starlight, all of hope and joy were banished from their young hearts, and dense darkness reigned alone and triumphant there. A few short hours, and the trail of the ser pent was over all the love-flowers, and the poison was distributed into every bud of glorious promise. " Heavens, Maude !" was the exclama tion of her lover, as lie came to the very spot that had thrilled with the words of endearment, and saw how ghastly was her face. '' Oh, heavens ! Maude, what is the matter with you ?" " Nothing." The accent was firm, although the words came from trembling lips—lips now robbed of their coral hue, and wearing almost the ashy one of death. " But something is the matter," he replied, as he sat. down by her side, and stretched out his arms to clasp her to him. " Did I not say ' Nothing V " and she repulsed his careBses, and moved further away. " Maude, darling, I will not be put off in this manner. Something terrible is the matter, and I have a right to know what it is." "You know all that yon ever will—all except one thing." "Are you mad, Maude, that you talk thus ?" " Mad 1 Oh, heaven ! I fear that I soon shall be. Oh. that I could die— die !" "But tell me what* is the matter. Something far more than common must have driven you to a state of feeling like this." " Yes, something has happened; some thing more than terribleand she re peated the words as if weighing well their importance ; "something that you will never know—that none but Providence and Dr. Malcom will ever even dream of until the grass is growing green above me." " Maude, Maude, this is terrible ! You will not—you icannot—keep this secret from me." J j " I must, and will. My life-»-my whole life—is blasted; but think no evil of me, for I am innocent either in thought, word, or deed, of anything wrong." " Maude, I will not listen to such words. You shall tell me this secret that is crushing you to the earth. Think of last night, of the promise you made in the sight, as it were, of Heaven, and refuse me, if you can." " That spell is broken—tbat promise is | void," she answered, with a sigh that was more like the wailing of a broken harp string when suddenly struck by a careless hand, than a human voice. " Yes, that dream is broken. Happiness and 1 are strangers henceforth and for ever. Here is your ring—take it. It shall never rest upon finger of mine again. With its parting I take back all that I have ever promised. I cannot, will not, be your wife." " Not my wife ? Now I know that you are mad indeed." " No; you wrong me. If you only knew all, you would not judge me thus harshly." u Maude, Maude, what am I to think 1 You are suffering, suffering far beyond your nature to bear, and yet deny me the poor consolation of sharing your sorrow, of attempting to lighten your burden." "You must think what you will, only no wrong of me ; I have not the power of altering it. As I have already said, when the grave closes over me, you will learn all ; but until then, nothing." " Then you never loved me 1" " Never loved yon ? Great heaven ! I have never loved you half as wildly and deeply as at this very moment." "Take back this ring, and tell me all." "Never! You know not what you ask!" An hour of vain effort—an hour of en treaty, urged by eloquence and intensified by love, satisfied him that she, so gentle and yielding to him before, had become iron in this. She would not renew her troth—would not again take the engage ment ring—and he bowed his head upon his hands, and, strong man as he was, wept like a child. " But one thing, Maude, my darling," he resumed, after a long pause of bitter thought; " tell me if there is no way in which I can help you ; if not as a lover, at least as a man ?" "No, none ; but there is a favour I would ask of youand she looked up 1 pleadingly, her eyes streaming with ' tears. " Name it. Anything that man can ever do, shall be done." " It is but little. Never seek me again until I send for you. Will you promise me that ?" " If you will promise to call upon me as a brother when I can be of even the most trifling assistance." " I promise before my Maker." " And I. May He not deal lightly with the one who first ignores the compact. But is there is no single thing I can do for yon before I go ?" "None. One word might reveal all. My trust is in heaven—heaven and Doc tor Malcom." " Doctor Malcom !" he repeated, almost savagely. " Doctor Malcom ! By hea ven !—he shall tell me !" and he clasped her in his Btrong arms, kissed her warmly before she had time to resist, and darted away, determined to find the physician and force the secret from him. But he calculated without his host. Doctor Malcom was not the kind of a man to divulge confidences, even if lightly made, and much less so when it was one of vital importance, and so the half-dis tracted lover flew to the mother for in formation—and met with a like success. The poor, afflicted woman wrun0* her hands and wept bitterly, but had nothing to tell. The secret had been kept from her as well as him. Not even she had been taken into her daughter's confidence. And so long weary weeks passed away, with Maude Livingstone constantly grow ing more feeble. All of beauty was fading fiom her face. The fair skin was becom ing sallow and wrinkled ; the bright eyes were losing their glorious azure; the lips were drawing back, shrivelled and shrunken, from tlie snowy teeth, and the very hair seemed to be burned from the roots by some terrible fire of the brain. Ah 3 that terrible secret was fast, very fast bearing her down to the grave.' But still-she dragged herself, day after day, to the house of the physician. Dragged—for the sprightly walk had changed into the movements of an old woman to whom even " the grasshopper had become a burden." And her lover was but little better off. He, too, grew thin, and was almost heart broken. Terrible as was the effort, he kept from Maude, and if they chanced to meet, he turned his eyes away that he might not see what a very wreck she had become. Every strategy he had tried had failed. He could neither entrap her nor the doctor into a divulgement. And thus he was forced to bide the time when she should call him again to her side. But what could that fatal, terrible se cret be ? He thought of eveiytliing pos sible except those that would reflect upon her. To his honour, be it said, he never thought—never allowed anyone to speak of her except in terms of the liighest praise. To him she had been, and would ever be, pure as an angel, until she was one in reality. Six weeks—three months—a year passed, and yet there was no change ex cept that she had wasted to a shadow; that she no longer was seen abroad ; that her glorious voice was hushed in the choir; and her once merry laugh had dwindled away into the very ghost of an echo. Yet still there was no revelation, still none were the wiser as to the cause of her illness. Great heaven 3 will this suspense— tills almost mortal agony? never end ?" said the disconsolate lover, as he returned home one evening, after having, by acci dent, caught sight of the face he loved so well, for the first time in months—months that had been agony, and yet during which his love had suffered no abatement. Is there no power to save her? Oh, that I could know the worst, and at once 3 Certainly it could not be as terrible as tins uncertainty. I must—must know. I cannot live any longer thus. She, my Maude, my darling, will not see ine, and I have promised not to molest her; but the doctor, the doctor 3 I'll wrin0, the secret from his very heart!" ° But fortunately, perhaps, he was saved from Ins rash determination by the sud den arrival of a messenger from Maude, and with flying feet he hastened to her side. " Maude, my darling, my darling 3" was all he could exclaim, as he sank by the bed upon which she was lying, whiter than even the snowy linen. Robert 3 and the shrunken arms drew his hand nearer to her, and her lips rested upon the forehead in a holv kiss. . such a one as had passed when the sweei | words of the betrothal were spoken, but s ich a ^ one as we shall receive from the s jirit lips Aif angels, when they wel come us to the , " shilling, shore." Father, mother, , sisters, and thephy-j siciai l were gathered around that bed, whic] t all felt, would soon be one of deathV-not dejath from the secret mill stone that had (so long crushed her heart, v k oni ^atiirp,l causes—from one of the thousand ills ttfiat poor human nature is subject to. -* " Is there iio hope ?" Maude asked, as soon as she could command her feel ings. ; " None," replied the physician, sadly, as lie turned iavray to wipe his eyes. "As Heaven wills. But now I release you from silence. You can tell all. Tell him how much' I loved him Tell him how I bave suffered for these long months and all for his dear sake." ' And the doctor did tell all. He told that on the very night of their betrothal she had been bitten by a rabid dog, and believing that she would die from the ter rible disease that would follow, she had nerved herself to keep the secret—to free him from his engagement, and had suf- ! fered more than tongue can tell. i -And if you had lived, you would \ siall have kept silence ?" asked her lover, j "To the end. But all is past now. I Tlie sickness, fatal though it may be, haj> ; brought great happiness. TCirh me, Ro bert, darling; I am dying—dy " "Hush!" With startling emphasis the physician uttered the word. He saw that a great change was taking place, and it was not death, but life. Again the cherries bung quivering like mood drops among the green leaves, and the soft moonlight flashed like silver fire between. And again it shines upon Maude Livingstone and her lover-husband. The past has vanished like some distempered dream, and in a few short months, when the roses shall blossom fully again upon her cheeks, no one will ever dream that she so nearly journeyed through the dark valley and shadow of death, to prove the trials and the triumphs of love, and gain a lifelong happiness. 