The last newspapers from England bring news of a curious conference that lias been held at Bonn between the leading representatives of the party- known as Old Catholics and a few members of the Greek and An- glican Churches. There were some features about the proceedings which bode ill for the attainment of any great result. jXone of those who attended . the meeting had power to speak for any communion ; and the Anglican clergyman represented only a sraail and rather eccentric section of the high church party in England. 'Hie Rus sian divines came to their task unac quainted, by their own confession, with the history of tho English Church. Nevertheless, from ten to twenty ar ticles of faith were discussed, and such apparent progress was inade that it is proposed to base a catechism upon the doctrines agreed to. Our readers will be interested in learning that the con ference displayed littlo hesitation in declaring the original toxt of scripture to be of higher authority than any translation. On the rather important question of the Eucharist an article was adopted which was unquestionably intended to express a view only short >of transubstantia- tion, but which, as oae of the speakers pointed out, might have been conscien tiously signed by Chanmek and Calvin. The statement remilnds us of the direc tions given to a Hutngarian pastor who labored amongst a "mixed congregation, and who was told to make the sign of, the cross in such a manner that the Lutherans might be satisfied and Cal- vinists not offended. There was an unanimous agreement that tradition was an autliorita.tive source for teach ing for all successive generations ; but we cannot, we confess, reconcile this with the dochrine of the English Church, which 'CanoD Liddon and his friends havo ati one time subscribed, that traditions 'may be changed accord ing to the diversities of countries, times, and mfm.%5 manners. Tho Greek Church has been conciliated with an ad mission that the Nicene Creed ought to be amended by an omission of the words which declare that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Son, and an ar ticle condemning the invocntionof saints was withdrawn because the Eastern Church invokes pictures, though it piously condemns statues. Such con cessions ought, one would think, to have promoted harmony. But we re gret to say. that the Russian divines made the mnkindest cut possible at the Church of England by doubting whether its bishops possessed the true Apostolical succession. Hesitation on this subject is to your trae Anglican what an imputation of cowardice is to a soldier, a reflection on oliarncter to a woman, or a doubt of absolute ' disin terestedness to a Victorian! statesman. But for the prudence of Dr., Bollinger, who seems to have been the only lin guist-present, and who l eft the invec tives on either side untisraslated, the conference might have come to blows.- As it is, some of the lang uage used does not quite recall the obser vatio'n ascribed to Pagans in Tertulkhan's time,- of " how these Christians, | love one an other." We had no wish to sp ieak disrespect fully of men, good and learned in their way, who are hones fcly trying to satisfy the deep disquiet t and religious cravings of society by patching up a new conspectus of tlieol logical formulas. But we may be permitt id in turn to give expression to the surp k-ise and regret with which laymen g jenerally regard the projects which th eologians frame for peace and unity. ,-We are' asking questions about the rel ations of God to tbe world, about a 1" ifc after death, about natural laws nil. i miraculous in tervention. Theology - in its last sy no dical form answers us with a denial of the immaculate cc inception, and a retractation of its old views about the procession of the Ho -ly Ghost. We desire to know how -we are to live, how we can leave the world better than we found it, our labor less sordid, our poverty less miser iable. Theology answers by telling us in what May .we are to express onr thoughts, if we think on certain xen. (ote and abstruse subject?,, in which i tone but : divines,- and only a few of those, have any abid ing interest. We think that a society which prayed in the words and spirit of its Divine Founder, and attempted to act as he lived, would be to all intents and purposes a Christian society. Theology tells us that we cannot unite in prayer or practical ministrations till we have given our assent to some common manual of scholastic definitions. We do not wish to deny that there are some points on which agreement must be secured. A church that proscribes private judgment, that claims the right to silence opinion, that asserts its control over household life, is n church with which co-operation will always be difficult or impossible. But the best protest even against this is simply notto belong to it ; and articles of nlternato blessing and cursing are at lenst un necessary. it is with positive relief that we turn from the proceedings of the Old Catholic conference to the ser mon lately delivered by Dr. Cairo to the Social Science Congress at Glasgow. " T do not hesitnte to say that the first " and paramount nim of religion is, " not to prepare for another world, but " to make the best of this world, or more " correctly stated, to make this world " better, wiser, and happier." " What " discipline for a human spirit better fitted to draw ont and mature its " loftiest affections and energies than " to labor for the emancipation of the " world from sin and sorrow, and the incoming of the reign of truth and " righteousness in the hearts and lives " of men 1 To live, not for self, but for " others; to find our deepest joy, not in " the delight of sense or in personal " ambition, or in tlie more dignified " life of an intellectual voluptuary, " nay not even in seeking the future "safety of our own souls, but in seek- " ing" tbe highest good of our brother " men." Words like these have the true ring about them, and teaching such as this we venture to think is worth any number of new harmonies of doctrinal differences. The necessity for some such central organisation, vested with full powers to act with authority for the conservancy of the Yavra, as the proposed Metro politan Board of Works, or a River and Harbor Trust, is illustrated in a very marked manner by tbe present turbid state of the river; and tbe inju rious consequences to tlie public thereby occasioned. For a considerable time past the water above stream, beyond Heidelberg for several miles, lias been in such a muddy condition as to be utterly unfit for human use ; and as the inhabitants on its banks and in tlie vicinity have bad to rely upon it mainly for their supply of water for domestic purposes, the annoyance they have been subjected to by being deprived of the pure elemenrt so indis pensable for tho wants 'of daily life has been great in the extreme. For a long time the cause of this exceptional pol lution of the river was not suspected. But having been at length discovered, it should be put an end to with out a day's delay. Unfortunately, bow- ever, it is not very clear with whom the power rests to prevent the further continuance of the evil, or whether, indeed, there is any pvojierly constitu- tued authority whatever empowered to act in the matter. The nuisance, in this instance, is somewhat analogous to that of the sludge which has been so destructive to tlie streams and creeks in the neighborhood of Snndkvwst, Beechworth, Ballarat and other gold- fields ; and though it is not as yet so ex cessive in the character of the damage done as in these localities, it threatens if not soon stopped to be even more serious ultimately in its consequences, inasmuch as the uses subserved by the Yarra are far more important than those of any inland stream. The authors of the mischief aro the members of a large mining company, who are en gaged in extensive sluicing operatioms at Warburton. Instead ;of providing themselves with a channel which would carry off the waste water, laden as it is with heavy earthy deposit, in a direction where it could do no damage, these mining operators turn the whole of the muddy i/elvvi.t into the Yarra. What aggravates their mons trous misconductjis that they ccmid, at an expense merely nominal, tnr.a their sluicing refuse into a swamp -closely adjoining, by filling up which-, they would confer a great boon on tlie locality. But it is not merely in de priving the public of their hitherto copious supply of wholesome water, nor in destroying the natural ad vantages of the Yarra as a fish stream, that- these sluicing puddlers do most damage, great as this undoubtedly is. Their operations tend to fill up the bed of the river with a heavy tenacious deposit of clay and mud, which gra dually drifts down towards the mouth of tho river, and neutralises all the efforts of the men engaged at great expense with dredging machines to keep the channel clear and deep enough for the requirements of navigation. TlieGovernment are now, nnd have been for some years past, incurring a Targe outlay for widening the basin of the Yarra within tlie city, forming quays, and carrying out other extensive improvements, in order 'to provide as broad and deep a channel as possible for tlie .accommodation of' the largely increasing shipping trade of the port. But all this enterprise and ex pense will be in vain if a com pany of mining speculators, for their own private gain, are allowed to go on for years together filling up the bed of tlie upper part of tbe river with millions of tons of sludge and refuse, which continually drift, down the stream and make a lodgment wherever the previous removal of silt by tlie dredges has prepared a ready place of settlement. The possibility of such a nuisance arising in connection with an important channel of naviga tion, which forms tlie outlet for the shipping tVade of tho metropolis, is one of the most extraordinary instances of the abuses of the laissez-faire system which it is possible to imagine. Now that public attention is drawn to it, tbe Government will surely interpose to abate the nuisance. The Mining -department, we should imagine, ought to be able to do all that is requisite in the matter. But with out caring to inquire closely whose should be the official hands to inter pose, we feel it due to the public inte rests to call upon theJMinistrytto take effective steps at once to put a stop to the mischief. 