PARKES. July 20. Since my last the weather has been all that could be desired at this season of the year, viz., frosty nights and cold fine days. The roads are drying up, so I've no doubt but if it still continues fine we shall have a very respectable escort next month, for some of the claims on M'Guiggan's are washing up well, some of them going over two ounces to the load ; and from the prospects obtained generally from the claims extend- ing from M'Guiggan's prospecting claim down to the second prospecting claim, I should fancy it will turn out a really good lead. True it is not turning out a Black Lead or Happy Valley in richness, still there are I should say fully twenty claims which will, if taken care of, place the shareholders in a very independent position. I saw the other day while at one of the puddling machines, a parcel of gold I should think weighing about 70 ounces, the result of two machines of dirt. In my next I wilt give the exact result of the washings from several of the claims as they will have finished washing early this week. Business appears to be improving also on this lead, the miserable small bark shanties are giving way to good substantial iron or weatherboard buildings, and many of the shanty keepers are also disappearing with them, and giving way to a more legitimate class of business men. At the London Lead there has also been some improvement during the week. The paddocks of washdirt are increasing both in number and in size very fast, and the only drawback at present experienced is the want of washing accommodation but as there are several puddling machines being erected I have no doubt but this want will be supplied in a few weeks. Shares on this lead are changing hands for fair prices, two shares sold in No. 13 this week for £60 each, and as much as £210 has been offered and refused for a share in some of the claims on this lead, but it must not be supposed that this is the rule on this gold field for by far the greatest number are only about wages claims, and I believe there is a great quan- tity of unopened ground on this field that will turn out very payable. At the Ben Nevis as well there is a little improve- ment ; but the value of the lead cannot be ascertained until there are a few washings up. On both these leads confidence appears to be completely established as to their payableness. During the week there has been two new rushes, one to some new ground baok of the London township, this is called the Little Wonder ; the ground is about 40 feet deep and and as there is a good depth of wash a little gold will pay, the other was to the Band of Hope Gully. The prospectors washed six loads for about three ounces of gold, a fine sample, pieces varying in size from abont 6 dwts. down to fine gold. They report depth of wash about 15 inches, sinking about 20 feet ; this is considered very payable. At the Gilgies they are still sinking away, but have got nothing payable yet. I forgot to mention that the lower prospectors on M'Guiggan's Lead pulled the flag down again last week, it appears that they can't get pay- able prospects any way regular, and some are beginning to think that the lead will not be payable across the creek, but this is not satisfactorily proved yet. At the Welcome, Richard- son's Gully, and the Frenchman's, there are a great many parties still at work with profitable results. There has also been payable prospects obtained in two claims, in a small gully branching off the southern side of the Bushman's Lead near McIntyres puddling machines. At the east side of the creek on the Great Northern Lead, the water got into several of the claims, and so completely swamped them out that they will have to sink fresh shafts, and I fear that some of them will have a deal of trouble to get properly under way again, as the creek made a clean breach right through some of them by overflowing into one of the shafts. This is a great loss to them, as some of them had only just got fairly on the gold, and most of thom had only just got their ground in working order. But there appears to be a great difficulty in tracing the lead beyond the prospecting claim on this lead. There is a party trying some ground near the Dayspring engine ; it is said that gold was obtained there some years ago. In quartz mining I have nothing fresh to report. The rei mentioned in my last, situated near M'Guiggan's Lead, sti looks well : and upon tho whole I may safely state that mil ing in this district is ia a healthy condition. True, there ar a great number here that are noton gold, but of coarto that : the caso on all largo rushes ; but I believe there would bo much larger uumbcr on gold if they gave up that mfcurabl system of shepherding for two hours a day, and go to wor liku men. It is a great pity to snu hundreds of uble-bortlc men daily for sa vend months doing only tho work ol' littl children. I hope the Mining Board will make a law compel ing every man who marks out a claim to represent it for a leust 0 hours out of every 24, within 24 hours alter takin possession of it, for I dont seo why a man should be prnteoto in holding u claim against a bona-IUIc worker, inst iiecauseh happened to be on the ground, and stuck four peas in it ; bu did nothing more for a month, save lie on tho olnim for abou an hour and a half each day, and pw y for holidays so that h may be exempt from doing that same, so you may depeni that if they were compelled to be on the ground 6 hours ead day willie shepherding, they would soon get tired of it, nm would go to work and provo the gr. und. I noticed a few weeks ago about forty men and boys shep herding for over a week, and the deepest of tho ground wa not more than 15 feet I heard of a man who shepherded i claim somewhere in Victoria, (that country of Immnculat Mining Legislators) for nine months, and then decided t< sink, and bottomed tho bole at 2 feet, Only fancy tho niimbc; of chances that man must have lost by taking nine months t< _consiaer whether he would sink that 2 foot hole or not. Tho Government lias at Jatfc sent us u Clerk of Pcttj Sessions from 8ydney. I wish they would send us a little moro from Sydney, and return us some of tho mouey we an paying them every month. I dont think Mr. Armstrong cai feel very mnoh in .'ove with Irs quarters, for as I have re prated ly stated, they have to answer for court house, mess-room, magistrate's room, and police-bar racks all in ono, and not an article ot furniture save one form, and a few pine boards placed on iron tressels, I am sure tho prisoners in tho gaols of tho colony aro much better accommodatedthau the Government officials at Parkes, I hope Mr. Armstrong will stir them up with respect to the new court-house, and give them a rap at the same time about the telegraph and mails. We sent down a petition, with 1200 signatures, about three weeks ago, asking for another mail per week, and I hear nothing further about it yet. Neither is there a word about the telegraph, which we should have had here eighteen months ago. Mr. Parkes, I hope, will not for get his offspring altogether, for I am sure it has borne a very fair character so far. He should see that it gets a fair share of its birthright or else it may be strangled in its infancy; if so, its blood be upon its godfather's head, and may the ghost of ruined homesteads and deserted villages haunt his parliamen tary life as long as it lasts. Our J.P.'s are likely to have rather a lively time of it, as there are only two of them to sit gene rally, and the warden has such a large district to attend to that he can't give much of his time at the police-court. On the 14th instant, before Thomas Tom and H. H. Cooke, the following applications for publican's licenses were ad journed for seven days and fourteen days respectively, viz, Jeremiah Finn, seven days ; Michael Hereaghty, John J. Hayes, William Townend, Phillip Knox, and Henry Har mer for 14 days, their houses not being finished. Here Mr. Tom the bench, and Mr. Twaddell, J.P., took his seat. Edward Ermin was then charged by Constable Duffy with using ob scene language in a publio place ; plea not guilt]'. Howevet the bench, after hearing the evidence, considerad the case proven, and fined him £2 or fourteen days In the lockup, The tine was paid. It is well that the magistrates make those gentlemen who cause so much trouble pay dearly fer it. Thomas Mack alias Tommy Tell-a-lie, was brought np on re mand, charged with cattle stealing. Senior-constable Purcell deposed that ou the 2nd instant prisoner 'admitted having shot the beast, but said he did it under thedireotory ot another party whom he thought wns the owner of it. Herbert Bobert Hampton, a man in the employ of Mr. Icely, of Goimbla, deposed : That he heard a half-caste was out tracking cattle supposed to' have been stolen, and in the evening saw a man driving some cattle, and the half-caste saw him shoot ono of them. He followed the man, who proved to be an aboriginal, to a house some 400 yards distant, when a man sung out, " Did you shoot it?" The backfellow replied, " Yes." The man inside then while in theaot of coming out, said " Is it fat ?" Prisoner replied, " Yes, a good kan garoo." The stranger was then noticed, when the conversa tion ohanged. Robert Burns then gave similar evidence. Thomas Tom, a magistrate of the territory and a grazier, deposed : That ho had lost several cattle lately, and that the beast in question was bia property, having his registered brand on her, besides other marks., Tho prisoner had no questions to ask, and was fully committed to stand his trial at the Forbes general sessions to bo holden on the 24th August next. John James Hayes was then oharged with being accessory to the above felony beforo the fact ; plea, not guilty. Tho evidence against him was simply the same as that lu the previous oase with the exception that tho senior-constablo produced a stook return showing that ho did not own any cattle. Thomas Mack was brought as a witness against him, but Mr. Edwards, solicitor, who defended Hayes, objected to his evidence being taken, on some legal point. But Tommy Tell-n-lie, settled the question, by not knowing the nature of an oatii ; however, tho benoli thought there was evidence enough to commit him for trial also. Ball allowed. John Jones was oharged by Joseph Ogle with obtaining money under false pretences by soiling a share whioh ho had no right to. However, evidence WOB produced showing that plaintiff's right to the share was never disputed. Prisoner was at once discharged. A melancholy ncoident, such as frequently occurs on the diggings, toek place at Parkes on Tuesday evening. A man, Thomas McCutchien, got killed by a fall of earth while work ing in the drive in No. 2 Bushman's Lead, A magisterial inquiry was held iu tho Parkes Hotel, when it was proved that deuth WOB caused by accident. Ho was buried tho uext day. He was a youug man who was much respected by all who knew him. 