Prudence Palfrey.* CHAPTER I. IN WHICH PARSON WIBIRD HAWKINS RETIRES FROM BUSINESS. BY THOMAS BAILEY ALDRICH. PARSON WIBIRD HAWKINS was in trouble. The trouble was not of a pecuniary nature, for the good man had not only laid up treasures in heaven, but had kept a temporal eve on the fluctuations of real estate in Rivermouth, and was the owner of three or four of the nicest houses in Hollyhock Row. Nor was his trouble of a domestic nature, whatever it once might have been, for Mrs. Wibird Hawkins was dead this quarter of a ceutury. Nor was it of the kind that sometimes befalls too susceptible shepherds, for the parson had reached an age when the prettiest of his flock might have frisked about him without stirring a pulse. His trouble was the trouble of all men who, having played their parts nearly if not quite to tho end, persist in remaining on the stage to the exclusion of more fiery young actors who have their pieces to speak and their graces to show off. These hapless old men do not j>erceive that the scene has changed meanwhile, that twenty or thirty or forty years are supposed to have elapsed ; it never occurs to them that they are not the most presentable poets, lunatics and lovers, until the audience rises up en masse, and hoots them, gray hairs, and all, from the foot lights. Parson Wibird Hawkins had been prattling innocently to half-averted ears for many a summer and winter. The parish, as a parish, had become tired of old man Hawkins. After fifty years he had begun to pall ou them. Foi fifty years he had christened them aud married them aud buried them, and held out to them tht slightest possible hopes of salvation, iv accordance with their own grim theology ; and now thej wanted to get rid of him, and he never one* suspected it,—never suspected it, until that daj when the churchwardens waited upon him ii his study in the cobwebbed old parsonage, anc suggested the expediency of his retirement fron active parochial duties. Even then he did noi take in the full import of the deacous' communi cation. Retire from the Lord's vineyard jus when his experience was ripest aud his hear fullest of his Master's work,—surely they die not mean that ! Here he was in his prime, as i were ; only 79 last Thanksgiving. He had com among them a young man fresh from tb University ou the Charles, he had given then the enthusiasm of his youth and the wisdom o his mature manhood, and he would, Ood willing continue to labor with them to the end. H would die in harness. It was his prayer tha when the Spirit of the Lord came to take hit away, it might find him preaching His wor from the pulpit of the Old Brick Church. * Ro-pnbliahad from Ike Atlantic Motvthl " It was rery good of you, Deacon Wendell, and you, Deacon Twombly," said the poor old parson, wiping the perspiration from his brow with a large red silk handkerchief dotted with yellow moons; "it was, I must say, Very con siderate in you to think that I might wish to rest awhile after all these years of labor ; but I can not entertain the idea for a moment" He had got it into his head that the deacons were proposing » vacation to him, were possibly intending to send him to Europe on a tour through Palestine, as the South Parish, Episco pal, had sent the Rev. Josiah Jones the year before. " Not," he went on, "but I should like to visit the Holy Land and behold with my own eyes the places made sacred by the footsteps of our Saviour, —Jerusalem, and Jordan and the Mount of Olives, —ah ! I used to dream of that; but my duties held me here then, and now I cannot bring myself to desert, even temporarily, the flock I have tended so long. Why, I know them all by face and name, and love them all, down to the latest ewe-lamb." The latest ewe-lamb, by the way, was Deacon Twombly's, and the allusion made him feel very uncomfortable indeed. He glanced uneasily at Deacon Wendell, and Deacon Wendell glanced covertly at him, and they both wished that the duty of dismissing Parson Hawkins had fallen upon some of the other wardens. But the duty was to be performed. The matter had been settled, and the new minister all but decided on, before the deacons went up to the parsonage that afternoon. Even before the king was cold, his subjects had in a manner thrown up their caps for the next in succession. All this had been brought about, however, without a struggle. Some of the less progressive members of the parish clung to the ancient order of things. Parson Wibird had been their main-stay in life, sickness, and death for full half a century ; they had sprung to manhood and grown gray under his ministrations, aud they held it a shame to throw him over now that his voice was a little tremulous and his manner not quite so vigorous as it was. They acknowledged he was not the man he used to be. He wrote no new sermons now ; he was turning the barrel upside-down, and his latest essay dated back so far as 1850. They admitted it was something of a slip he made, in resurrecting one of those by-gone sermons, to allude to General Jackson as " our lately deceased President "; but then the sermon was a good sermon, enough sight better than those sugary discourses without a word of sound doctrine in 'em, which they had listened to from flibberty-jibberty young ministers from the city. There was one of them the other day—the sab bath Parson Hawkinß was sick, —who preached all about somebody named Darwin. Who was Darwin ? Darwin wasn't one of the Apostles. "Fur my part," said Seth Wigjrins, the butcher, "I'll be shot ef I don't stan' by the parson. He buried my Merriah Jane for me, an' I don't forgit it nuther." As it was notorious that the late Maria Jane had led Mr. Wiggings something of a dance in this life, the unconscious sarcasm of his gratitude caused ill-natured people to smile. Uncle Jedd, the Sexton of the Old Brick Church, threatened never to dig another grave if they turned off Parson Wibird. Uncle Jedd had a loose idea that such a course on his part would make it rather embarrassing for River mouth folks. "Ther' is graves an' ther' is holes," Uncle Jedd would say ; " I makes graves, my self, an' I'm th' only man in th' county thet can." Unfortunately the parson's supporters consti tuted the minority, and not an influential mi nority. The voice of the parish was for the dismissal of the Rev. Wibird Hawkins, and dis missed he ehould be. Deacons Wendell and Twombly found their mission perplexing. "We tried to let him down easy, of course," remarked Deacon Zeb Twombly, relating the circumstance afterwaids to a group of eager listeners in Ordione's grocery-store ; " but, Lord bless you, you never see an old gentleman so unwillin' and bo hard to be letdown." The parson persisted in not understanding the drift of the warden's proposition until, at last, they were forced to use the most explicit language, and in no way soften the blow which they suspected rather than knew would be a heavy one, however adroitly delivered. But when, finally, he was made to comprehend the astounding fact that the first Brick Church of Riversmouth actually wished him to relinquish his pastorate, then the old man bowed bis head, and, waving his hands in a sort of benediction over the two deacons, retreated slowly, with his chin on his breast, into a little room adjoining the study, leaving the pillars of the church standing rather awkwardly in the middle of the apartment Chapter IL A PARSON OF THE OLD SCHOOL. Ever since the death of his wife, some twenty five years previous to the events I am relating, Parson Hawkins had lived in the small house at the foot of Horseshoe-lane. The house stood in the middle of a garden under the shadow of two towering elms, and was so covered by a network of vines, honeysuckle and Virginia creeper, that the oddities of its architecture were not distinctly visible from the street Though the cottage was not built by the parson, its interior arrangements were as eccentric and inconvenient as if he had designed it It consisted of three or four one-story Ls which had apparently been added to the main building at various periods, according to the whim or exigency of the occu pant At the right of the halL which paused abruptly and went upstairs, so to speak, was the parson'B study ; opening from this was a smaller chamber, the sanctum sanctorum, lined to the ceiling with theological works ; and beyond this again, though not communicating with it, was the room where the parson slept. At the left of the hall was the parlor, redolent of mahogany furniture and the branches of pungent spruce which choked the wide chimney-place summer and winter, for the parlor was seldom used. Then came the dining-room, and next to that the kitchen. Leading from the former were two sleeping-chambers, one occupied by Salome Pinder, the parson's houskeeper. The second story of the main building had been left un finished on the inside. Viewed from the garden gate, the zig- zag roofs, touched here and there with patches of purple and gold moss, presented the appearance of a collection of military cocked hats. It was altogether a grotesque, ruinous, tumble down place, and people wondered why Parson Hawkins, who was a fore-handed man, should have given up his stately house on Pleasant street and moved to Horseshoe-lane, and why he remained there. But Salome Pinder understood it. " The parson, you see," said Salome, " is gittin' a leetle near in his old age. He 'pears to get nearer an' nearer ev'ry year. When Miss Hawkins was alive, why bless you ! there wasn't nothin' too handsum nor expensive for her, an' I won't say she waa over an' above grateful, for she wasn't; but she's dead, the poor creetur, an* the best of us lack more'n wings to be angils. The day after the funeral the parson says, ' S'lome,' says he, ' we'll move into the cottage, it's quite good enough for me.' ' Nothin's too good for you, Parson Wibird,' says I. ' But he didn't feel content in the great house, 'an it was sort o' lonely ; so move we did, to the dis app'intment of some, —I don't mention, no names, —who thought that mebbe the parson would invite 'em up to Pleasant-street permanent P'rhaps the Widder Mugridge was the most dis app'iuted. But, Lord love you, the parson ain't one of them that is always runuin' after wimmin folks. He's ben married oncet." That was very true, and that Parson Hawkins' matrimonal venture was not altogether of an encouraging complexion seems likely ; for he de clined to repeat the experiment For several years after the translation of Mrs. Hawkins, the parish supposed he would take another help meet, and, in fact, more than one seductive cap had been sedately set for him; but the parson hod shown himself strangely obtuse. He was not an old man at that time, but he loved quiet, and perhaps his life had not beeu too tranquil under Mi's. Hawkins' regime. Besides, as Salome said, the parson was becoming a little near, not in a general way, but in his personal expenses. The poor knew how broad and practical his charitj was. His closeness manifested itself only in matters pertaining to his own comfort H« seemed to regard himself as an unworthy and designing person, who was obtaining food and clothes under false pretences from Parsor Hawkins. These economical tendencies hac flowered out occasionally in his wife's time but had been promptly taken up by the roots Whenever his coat showed signs of wear, or hi hat became a trifle dilapidated, Mrs. Hawkuu had made him buy a new one. It was whisper* in and out of the parish that once, when the parson protested against replenishing his ward robe, Mrs. Hawkins, who appears to have been a person of considerable executive ability, settled the question by putting the parson's best waist coat on the kitchen fire. Ido not Touch for the truth of the story, for, though nothing occurs in Rivermouth without being known, a great many things are known there that never occur at aIL This may have been one of them ; but it is certain that after Parson Hawkins took up his abode in the small house he neglected himself frightfully. His linen was always scrupulously neat and fresh, for Salome saw to that; but he wore his coats until the seams stood out pathetically, like the bones of the late Sir. Jamison, the Living Skeleton, who used to travel with Van Amburgh's circus, and must have given* Death very little trouble to make a ghost of him. Of course Salome could not put the old gentleman's coats into the kitchen stove when they became shabby. The parson's thrifti nesa increased with his years, and no doubt sorely cramped Salome, who had a New England housewife's appreciation of bountiful living, and to whom a riotous number of mince-pies was a necessity at Thanksgiving. She uttered no complaint, however, and was quick to resent any reflection on her master's domestic parsi mony. "We could live on the fat of the land if we wanted to," said Salome to Mrs. Waldron, who had dropped in of an afternoon to gossip. " The parson he's a rich man as time goes, an' the pore oughter be thankful for it. He feeds the widder and the fatherless instead of a-stuffin' hisself." " I wanter know, now !" Salome's homely statement was strictly accu rate. However severe the internal economy at the small house in Horseshoe-lane, the poor were not scrimped. The Widow Pepperell had her winter fuel regularly; and the two Clemmer boys, whose father had leaned against a circular Baw in the Miantonomoh Mills, knew precisely where their winter jackets were coming from. Even wayside tramps—there were no professional mendicants in Rivermouth —halted instinctiv. ly at the modest white gate. Doubtless the parson helped many a transparent impostor on the winding way. There was a certain yellow dog that used to walk lame up to the scullery door for a bone, and then run away with it very nimbly on four legs. Sandy Marden's Skye terrier was likely enough only a fair type of many that shared the parson's bounty. He had been a prosperous man. When he firet came to Rivermouth, he purchased a lot of land at the west end of the town, as a pasture for a horse which he negected or. forgot to buy. The " minister's pasture" became a standing joke. It turned out a very excellent joke in the end. Several times he was tempted to sell the land forless than he gave for it ; but it had cost him little, and he thought that perhaps it might be worth something more by-and-by; so he held ou to it. As the town grew, fashion drifted in that direction. Then Captain Pendexter put up his haughty Gothic mansion at the head of Anchor-street. That settled the business. A colony of French-roof houses sprang up as if by magic along Joss^ lyn-avenue, and the "minister's pasture" was about as valuable a piece of property as there was in Rivermouth. So it came to pass that Parson Hawkins was a moderately rich man. The people thought the parson was pretty shrewd, when perhaps he was only pretty lucky : if he had been shrewd he would have sold the land long before it was worth anything. Another speculation he entered into at this time was not so sucoessf uL If the local tradition is correct, Colonel True worthy Dennett's daughter Dorcas got the best of that bargain. But for many years now the parson's lines had fallen in pleasant places. The tumult and jar of life never reached him among his books in the seven-by-nine library in Horseshoe- lane. The fateful waves of time and chance that beat about the world surged and broke far away from the little garden with its bright row of sentinel hollyhocks and its annual encampments of mari golds and nasturtiums. Tobesurehehadhad,four or five years before this chronicle opens, what he regarded as a grievous affliction. The wardens, contrary to his wishes, had removed the old pine-wood pulpit and replaced it with an ornate new-fangled black-walnut affair thick with grotesque carvings like a heathen idoL The old pulpit was hallowed by a hundred associations ; it had been built in King George's time ; eminent divines, whose names are fresh in our colonial history, had stood under that antiquated sounding board : but, after all, what did it matter to him whether he expounded the Scriptures from pine or black- walnut, so long as he was permitted to teach his children the way and the life! His an noyance was but transient, and he came to look upon it as a vanity and vexation of spirit on his part. But now a real trouble had come to him. While the two deacons were engaged with the parson in the study that May afternoon, Salome Pinder moved about the hall and the dining room with strange restlessness. Few things went on in- the cottage without her cognizance. Not that Salome was given to eavesdropping; but the rooms were contracted, the partitions were thin, and words spoken in even the usual conversational tone had a trick of repeating themselves in the adjacent apartments. The study door was ajar, and Salome could scarcely help catching scraps of the dialogue from time to time. Long before the deacons took their departure Bhe knew very well what had happened. In fact, when she saw Deacon Twombly and Deacon Wendell coming up the garden walk, she felt their visit to be ominous. Salome knew of the dissatisfaction that had been brewiiig in the parish for months past. That Parson Hawkins never dreamed of it shows how unfitted he was to serve longer. The appearance of the execu tioners, with warrant and bow-string, was the first intimation he had of his downfall. Salome was appalled by what had taken place, though in a degree prepared for it. She was so flustered that she neglected to open the front door for the retreating deacons, but left them, as the parson had done, to find their way out as best they might. It was some time before she could gather strength to cross the hall and look into the study. The parson was not there ; he was in the little inner room, and the door was locked. Salome tried the latch, and spoke to him several times without getting a reply. Then the parson told her gently to go away, he was engaged, he would talk with her presently. But Salome did not go away ; she sank into a chair, and sat there with her hands folded listlessly in her lap,—a more abject figure, perhaps, than the old parson on the other side of the door. The scent of the lilacs blew in at the open window, and the leaves of the vines trailing over the casement outside made wavering silhouettes on the uncarpeted floor of the study. The robins sang full-throated in the garden, as if there were no such thing in the world as care. Salome listened, and wondered vaguely at their merriment. The afternoon sunlight slipped from the eaves, and the shadows deepened under the great elms. The phantom leaves at Salome's feet had vanished ; the songs of the robins had died away to faint and intermittent twitterings, and the early twilight crept into the study. Now and then she fancied she heard the parson moving in the little room : he seemed to be walking to and fro at intervals, like the same poor caged animal. She could not telL It was nearly dark when the garden gate swung to with a sharp click, and a quick, light footstep sounded on the gravel-walk. Salome rose hastily from the chair, and reached the street-door just as some one stepped upon the porch. It. was a girl of nineteen or twenty, but look ing younger with her hair blown about hex brows by the fresh May wind. She held in one hand a chip-straw hat which had slipped from its plage, aud with the other was pushing bacfc an enviable mass of brown hair, showing a serious, pale face, a little flushed at the cheek* with walking. It was a face which, passing ii heedlessly in the street, you would be likely tc retain in your memory unconsciously. The widt gray eyes, capable of great tenderness and greal haughtiness, would come back to you vividly maybe, years afterwards. The girl was not t beauty in the ordinary sense, but she hac what some one has described as a haunt ing face. Who has not caught a chance expres sion on some face in a crowd, —a lifting of th< eye, a turn of the lip, an instantaneous revela tion of strength or weakness, — and nevei forgotten it ? I have a fancy, which Ido nol thrust upon the reader, that the person wh< casts this spell on us would exert a marked in fluence over our destiny if circumstance brough us in connection with him or bar. He or ah* would be our good angel or our evil star. As the girl stood there now on the porch, she looked little enough like playing the part of a Fate. With her heavy hair blown in clouds over her eyes, she looked rather like a Shetland pony. "O Miss Prue ! is that you, honeyT cried Salome. "Do jest step in an' speak to the parson; he's in a peck o' trouble." " I was afraid so, Salome. Where is he f' asked the girl, pushing open the door of the study and seeing it unoccupied. " He's locked hisself in the sanctrum," whispered Salome. " Locked himself inf " Tes; an' there he's ben ever sence them plaguey deacons went away, more'n two hours." " Maybe he will not care to see me just now, Salome.' " Mebbe, —dunno ; but do jest speak a word to him." "If you think I had betterT " I do, honey." " How strange,—to lock himself in f' Then Prudence Palfrey crossed the study, and tapped softly on the panel of the inner door. Chapter lIL MR. DEST AND HIS WARD. ■ And there we must leave her, with uplifted hand and listening ear, while the. reader is made acquainted with the personages who figure in this little drama, and is put into possession of certain facts necessary to a clear understanding of it Among those who had been instrumental in removing Parson Hawkins from the pastorate of the Brick Church was Mr. Ralph Dent, a retired brewer of considerable wealth and much local influence. He was not, as a general thing, deeply concerned in parish affairs; he con tributed liberally to every worthy charitable project, and was always to be seen in his pew at the morning service; but it was of compara tively small moment to him whether the parson's discourse was long or short, brilliant or dull, for he invariably went to Bleep. Mr. Dent, for reasons which will appear, did not admire Parson Hawkins warmly ; but if Mr. Dent had loved him he would have gone to sleep all the same. There are men who cannot, to save themselves from perdition, keep awake in sermon-time. So Mr. Dent had no objection to Parson Hawkins as a parson ; but he was aware that many in the parish had rather strong objections. The congregation embraced a large number of young people, chiefly women, who always like their minister sleek and interesting, and they were not content with what had satisfied their grandparents. The old paster was visibly break ing up, and a new man was wanted. Now it chanced that Mr. Dent, in one of his periodical visits to New York, had made the acquaintance of a Mr. James Dillingham, a young gentleman of fortune and arisocratic Southern connections, who was travelling in the North for his health. Mr. Dillingham had been educated for the ministry, but owing to ill-health, and perhaps to his passion for travel, had never been settled permanently over a society. A quick friendship sprung up between the two men, despite the disparity of their years, for Mr. Dillingham was not more than twenty-eight, and Mr. Dent was well on in the second half of that ridiculously brief term alloted to moderns. In the course of various conversations, Mr. Dillingham became interested in Rivermouth, and thought that per haps he would visit the lovely New England seaport before returning South. He would certainly do so, if he undertook his proposed pilgrimage to Quebec. But the Canadian tour, and even his return South, were involved incon siderable uncertainty. The bombardment of Fort Suinter by the South-Carolinians had had brought matters to a crisis ; war was in evitable. Mr. Dillingham's property was largely invested in Western and Northern securities, fortunately for him ; for, though he was Southern born and bred, he had no sympathy with the disunionists of his native State. In the meantime it might be necessary for him to make the North his home. It flashed on Mr. Dent that here was the very man for the Old Brick Church. Young, wealthy, in good social position, and of unusually winning address, he would be a notable acquisition to Rivermouth society. He broached the subject indirectly to us friend, who was not at first disposed to discuss it as a possibility; then Mr. Dent urged the matter warmly, and had nearly carried his point, when he was obliged to go back to Rivermouth. At Rivermouth he laid tile case before the wardens ; they opened a correspondence with Mr. Dillingham, which resulted in his agreement to preach for them on the hut Sunday in May following. " Then," he wrote, " we will be in a position to decide on the best course, should the vacancy occur to which you allude in your letter." This was satisfactory. Mr. Dillingham was not to be drawn into an in considerateengagement. But then Mr. Dillingham was rich, and not like those poor, drowning clergy men, dragged down by large families, ready to clutch at such frail Btraws of salary as River mouth could hold out. Upon this it was decided to relieve Parson Hawkins of his charge, and take the chances of securing Mr. Dillingham. Throughout the matter Mr. Dent had acted on impulse, as the most practical man sometimes wiU, and had been in no way swayed by personal animosity towards Parson Hawkins, for he felt none. But when all was said and done, a mis giving shot across him. What would Prue say ? She almost worshipped the old parson. Mr. Dent himself, as I have more than intimated, did not worship the parson. There had been an occasion, a painful passage in Prue'B life, when it seemed to Mr. Dent that Parson Hawkins had stood between him and the girL All that was past and nearly forgotten now ; but the time had been when he thought the minister was alionAting Prue's affections from him. Prudence Palfrey was Mr. Dent's ward. His guardianship had a certain tinge of romance to it, though perhaps no man was less romantic than' Mr. Dent. He was a straightforward, practical man, naturally amiable and accidentally peppery, who had had his living to make, and had made it by making beer. A romantic brewer would be an anomaly. There is some thing essentially prosaic in vats and barrels ; but this did not restrain Mr. Dent in early life from falling in love with Mercy Gardner —for brewere are human, though they may not be poetical,— nor is it likely that the brewery, which was then a flourishing establishment, had anything to do with her refusal to marry him. She married his book-keeper, Edward Palfrey, and went to the Bermudas, where Palfrey had obtained a clerk ship in an English house. There, after five years, he fell a victim to an epidemic, and the widow, with her three-year-old girl, drifted back to Rivermouth. Dent bore a constant mind, and would probably have married his old love ; but Mrs. Palfrey died suddenly, leaving Prue and what small property there was to his charge. He had been faithful to the trust, and had had his reward. The pretty ways and laughter oi the child had been pleasant in his lonely home, for he never married. Then the straight, slim girl, looking at him with Mercy Gardner's eyes, and speaking to him with Mercy Gardner's voice, had nearly consoled him for all : and now the bloom of her womanhood filled his,house with subtle light and beauty. In all his plans Prue'a interest was the end. Whatever tenderness there was in his nature turned itself towards her. For her sake he acquired a knowledge oi books, and became an insatiable reader, as men always do who take to books late in life. He sold out the brewery, not so much because he was tired of it as that he did not want the towns people to be able to say that Prudence Palfrey was only the brewer'B girl. When she was oi age to go into Bociety, the best houses in town were open to Mr. Dent and his ward—the Gold stones', the Blydenburghs', and the GrimseB I,—1 ,— which might not have been the case if the old brewery had not faded into the dim and blessed past. It must be understoed that there arc circles in Rivermouth into which a brewer in the present tense could no more penetrate than a particularly fat camel could go through the eye of a remarkably fine cambric needle, —charmed circles where the atmosphere is so rarefied thai the best thing you can do after you have got intc it, perhaps, is to get out of it again. It is noi well to analyse the thing closely. It is all t mystery. One is pained to find that the mosi exclusive people have fequently passed thel early manhood in selling tape or West Indii groceries in homeopathic quantities. This is boi an immoral thing in itself, but it is certainly illogical in these people to be so intolerant o: those less fortunate folks who have not yet dis posed of their stock. However, tins is much fex vast and gloomy a subject for my narrow canvM Mr. Dent was proud of social position fOl ■rm'i Mk*. There was no girl like her in todringham County. When he bought Willow rook, a spacious house with grounds and out ufldingt,a mile from the town, she sat at the head f the table like a lady as she was, for she had tonest New England blood in her veins. That Vudenee was as dear to him as if she had been is own daughter, he fully "believed ; but how ompktely she had curled about his heart, like a me, he did not discover until his nephew, John )ent, fell in love with her and all but married ler out of hand. This must also be told while *rue is kept waiting at the parson's study door. 