CAPTURE OF A SLAVER. (From the Jiread Arrow. J We bave been favoured with the following transcript from a diary kept by an officer on board H.M-S. Daphne, wherein tbe circum stances of the recent important capture of slaves on the East African coast are de tailed : — 'March 13, 1874. — Weighed at 9.30 a.m , and stood out and along tho coast. At three p.m. a sail was reported ahead, so we set fore and aft sails, and the screw at work as well. We had had so many fruitless chases that at first this one did not cause much excitement;' but as we gradually neared her we found the dhow still remain ing in shore. We made all sail, rattled on the engines, and fired three blank guns, to which, however, no attention was paid, nor colours hoisted, so beat to quarters ; cleared away six and a-half-ton gun and bow-chaser. After firing one shot ahead and one astern, we began to fire at her. The shot at first fall ehort ; but when we got bow-gun to bear — were heading her — the shot fell closer and oloser. At last two dropped alongside, wetting the vessel and the people with the splash. This was too much fur the Arabs, and they lowered their sail, but still showed no colours. Excitement intense at this point. Sail was lowered, and in about ten minutes we passed close to our prize ; and as we saw her crammed with slaves, if our men did not give a cheer, may I never bear another. The first lieutenant was sent on board with an armed boat's crew, and both vessels I anchored near each other; and we heard that there were from a hundred and sixty to two hundred ou board. The poop was crowded with Arabs and Oomoro men, and the body of the dhow was one seething mass of woolly heads, and their emaciated arms, supplicating our men for. tnajee (water). ' All the Arabs were bundled on board at once as prisonsrs, and we sent for boats to take the elav.eB, as to keep them in the dhow wbb impossible. Our men gave all the water and food they could find in the dhow to the poor wretches, and in a few minutes sixty or seventy were on tbe Daphne's lower deck, being fed and watered hy officers and men. Foremost of all, Tom Cockroach and Jack Daphne, little liberated negro boys. In a short time all the two hundred and twenty-five were stretching their cramped limbs and filling their hungry and thirBty stomachs. For three days they bad beeu almost starving and without water, as the dhow had been becalmed, having been out eight days. Uauy of the slaves were ill with dysentery, ana most of them were naked, even women with children at the breast. I ' The condition of the dhow, the etepoh in i her, beggars description. Nothing tbat I ! can say can describe the kindness of bur men, each vylng' with tbe 'others to alleviate j the sufferings, of the poor wretches, and 'it is j remarkable that they at once k'neir that we , were their benefactors,- and were not afraid ; of white mbu, as' is -often 'the case. ' The - dhow was called Bender® Salaam, and be longed to anArab. ' ' : : ? 'March 14.— *The whaler aod cotter tret* sent to -K-mmunidate .witti the' pin'naoe and the cutter at' Vaj'anga, and we started ' for Mozambique, hoping to catch the steamer to Natal, and ship ob' the slaves to the colonial government. Heavy rain', whioh makes it hard for them' and not comfortable for the elave-dealers or' passengers, as they call themselves. We are taking them to Zanzi bar for trial. Sis bave acknowledged to being owners of slaves forming part of the cargo. On the dhow we found letters, all connected with the buying and selling of slaves. I believe many of them would have gone to Nosi Beh. ' 15. — Steaming for Mozambique. ' 16. — More rain and wind. Beached Mozambique, and found the mail left the day before; but in any case there would have been a difficulty about their passage, as no definite arrangement had been made with the Union Company. We shall have to coal, pick up boats, and then off to Zanzibar. ' 17. — Bain, rain and wind; miserable for the unfortunate slaves, who are dying of dysentery, and sonie of our men are begin ning to show symptoms of it. Coal all coming off wet. Verily, it never rains but it pours. ' 18. — The same as yesterday— finished coaling. ' 19. — Left Mozambique at seven a.m., and outside met a nasty sea, with wind an(i rain. We all expected it to clear as we got towards Madagascar, and so made all plain sail, aod with easy steam went along fast until eleven a.m., when, nut liking the look of things — glass falling, wind increasing, and raiu a perfect deluge — we took in top gallant sails, and double reefed topsails. At noon glass Btill falling, weather looking worse nnd worse, sea getting up. At one p.m. furled the maintopBail, and close reefed foretopsail, and up foresail, and set storm-staysail, down topgallant-yards, and made all snug aloft. Two p.m., glass fall ing, squalls heavier, and sea increasing ; at three p.m., glass falling, but not bo rapidly, „i„„„ ? . ? ,-i oui|* luuuiug UUUDI UiVfBOMDOlOU lUIDlUpUII to the eastward ; at four p.m. a slight break, glass showing tendency to rise; at five p.m. glass fell again, squalls harder than before, ditto rain (if possible), nnd so it continued until 7.15 p.m., when N. ? (navigating lieutenant) was thrown down and hurt. The commander took bis place at the compass, and kept the ship before the storm. The squalls were at times terrible, and one roll sent the heavy table at which I now sit fly ing. Everything was afloat in my oabin from rain and sea combined — the former seemed almost to come through the solid wood. Had our cutters been hoisted up they must have been washed away. ' A little after eight p.m. it fell suddenly calm, most painfully so ; the air bo oppres sive one could with difficulty broathe. This decided us to furl foretopsail, and lay-to under etorm-eails. Whilst the hands — meaning 6very one — were furling foresail, the wind came from exactly the opposite direction in fitful gusts, and the sea was con fused and heavy. Suddenly that startling cry of ' man overboard ' was called out from the poop by the sentry on ths lifebuoy, who let it go, and reported that J. Connor, quartermaster, was overboard-. The life buoy did not ignite, .owing to tbe deluge of rain and spray. S--me men came aft to man a boat ; but to bavo lowered one in such a sea would have been sheer madness ; in stead of one, many lives would have been sacrificed. We wore the ship round at con siderable risk ; but in that seething, phos phorescent sea, wo could see nothiug of poor Connor. ' The wiud again came on in terrific squalls, and glad enough we were when all the men were down from foretopsail-yard. They had bad bard work to bold on. ' We then wore the ship to under storm sails and easy steam, and going away from tho vortex of the cyclone, the glass roBe j a little before three a.m. ' At aaytigiit iniogs were a snaae ootter; but to even think of the sufferings of the poor slaves makes, aa an old boutswaiu's mate said, ' one's 'rt bleed.' We lost some of course, and how no arms or legs were broken Providence only knows. Our own men and officers were washed out every where, and were wet all day and night. 'The ship behaved very well, and so did the men, shorthanded as we were. I never saw work better done in a gale of wind. To express one's feelings about the poor elaveB is impossible.. I only, wonder more did not die. ' Daylight brought a little change over the 'spirit of our dream.' We got heavy squalls ; but the glass rose steadily, and at 9.30 a.m. we got a glimpse of the sun. At this time a large ship — an East Indiaman, homeward bound, most probably — crossed our bows ; but the gale was too strong to display colors or even to see them. ' At noon gale .abated ; and the slaves and saturated clothes, &c.;, were dried. ' 26. — We marched all the slaves round, as we usually do, before they get dinner, with fife and drum. To-day they were each made to noint out his or her matter. It was wonderful how even the little ones recog- I nized their former owners, moat of whom hud solemnly declared they had never owned a elave iu tbeir liveB, and were merely pas sengers. This plan, it is hoped, will tend to condemn eome of them when we get to Zan zibar. Still the slaves sicken and die, with nil our care. They have a sort of low fever and scurvy. We give limejuice and all the potatoes (our only vegetable) we possess. Tbe doctor thinks - we bave over-fed them, possihly ; but, poor wretohes, they would eat twice as much as they get. ' 28. — Landed slaves, and lodged the pri soners in the fort.' The Terror of a Neighbourhood. — At the Richmond petty sessions, Charles Kerwin, army surgeon, of 13, Alexandra terraoe, Biohmond, was charged, with assaulting Nathaniel Bradbury a gar dener. Complainant said that on the 3rd instant he was going home, when defendant charged him with a broom as if he were charging with a bayonet. Witness received a blow on the face, and defendant then turned the broom round and struck him a harder blow on tbe side of the head. In eelf-defence witness caught hold of the defendant's. leg and threw him down, and then made his escape. Defendant was drunk. Police- constable Dibben said he saw the latter part of the .scuffle between defendant and Complainant, When witness appeared defendant ran in-doors, opened the bedroom window, and threw a looking glass at witness. Inspector Mc Laren said the defendant, who was living retired, was theterror of the neighbourhood ia which be resided. _ He was given to drink, and owing to his violent conduct his wife 'frequently had to seek shelter in the neighbours' I bouses.^ Complainant said he onty wanted I protection ; he did not wish to press the I charge severely. The chairman said a fine wonld not meet the case. The magistrates | had to consider the protection of the publio as well as the complainant. Defendant must - go to prison for a month with hsird labour. - [ Defendant, who seemed astounded at the sentence, and asked the bench to re-consider j their decision, was then removed in custody. If — Lloyd's Weekly. I A Cat Whiffed by Bobinb.— An exciting contest was witnessed in 'the court-house yard the other day, Bays the Genesee Bepub lican, between a oat and some robins, tbat is i worth ehronioling. A robin bad a neat under j- tbe north stoop of the court- house, and on Friday her young brood of robins made their | first attempt to fly.- As one poor, hBlf fledged bird was laboriously flying near the ground, a tigerish-looking oat epied and gave ohase. The bird flew as best it could, ? but the cat's swift, . stealthy tread gained i upon it, and the fate of the bird seemed | sealed. But its terrified cries brought relief, and just as the cat pounced .upon and seized it in her month, half-a-dozen old robins lit on her back with a fury that was perfectly astonishing . to her catship and dropping her prey she incontinently turned tail and flew across the yard, the relentless robins pursuing ber with the greatest , fury, and filling theair wich their revengeful cries. Not until the oat took refuge in an adjoining building did the birds give up the chase, and return to the young bird. ^ Extraordinary Pbioes for Old China. — The three splendid pieoes — a centre ' Vais seau fl Mat' and two jardinieres — belonging to Lord Coventry, which wctb sold by MeBBrs. Christie, Manson, and Woods, on June 12, fetched the large sum of £10,500. They were the last lot in tbe sale, wbioh included several other very fioe samples ; but the in terest culminated in these, and they were put np amidst considerable Bpplauae at a first bid of 5000 guineas. Tbey went on rapidly in bids of a hundred till they reached the sum of ten thousand guineas, at whioh there was a pause, till the hammer fell to this bid' from Mr. Batter. It was said that Mr. Butter was acting on a commission from Baron Botbschild of Paris. The following were the highest prices realised for other objects of Sevres and Chelsea china An oriform vase, 13 in. high, exquisitely painted with a camp scene, and military trophies on the reverse, by Morin, £1837 10s. ; a set of three oval-shaped jardinidres, rose du Barri, with white and gold foliate handles, painted with large subjects of exotio birds, by Alonde, and flowers in medallions, the centre one six inches high, and the side-pieces 4} inches, £2572 10*. ; a pair of vases of rare form, the handles being nozzles for candles, tur quoise, painted with Chinese figures and flowers, 9 inches high, £525 ; a cup and saucer, exquisitely painted with two seaports, by Morin, with Cupids and wreaths of foli age in blue, £241 10s. The Chelsea sold for equally good prioes. A cup and cover painted with exotio birds, £240 10s. ; a vase, not in tho catalogue, sold for £400 ; a .fine crimson vase, with pierced neck and cover, scroll handles and foot, painted with group of five Chinese figures in a garden, 21 ioches high, £1680 ; a pair of oriform vases, with crimson feet and necks, Bcroll handles, beautifully painted with flowers, 12 inches high, sold for £724 10s. Tug Giikatness.that Never Descends to Read Newspapkhs. — A respectable man bas hpon defined as one who keeps a gig; but a cut far above your respectable man is the man who does not read a newspaper.. Mem bers of tho two houses of parliament never read newspaper;). They would not, indeed, touch a newppaper with a pair of tongs. No great oian, no one pretending to importanc, ever avowed tbat he read anything of which lie had to complain, or upon wbiclj.be had to comment, in a newspaper. It is always ?' brought under bis notice,' or ' bin attention was drawn ;o it.' Never does it come natur ally in bis way in tbe course of his daily read ing. The fact is always brought to Ilia knowledge, as his articles of dress and use are brought to hh hands. He h waited on with the news concerning himself, and would no more tbink of learning it by the u«e of his own eyes than he would think of brushing bis own c'othes or cleaning hi* own boots. - All good folks bavo got Iriendi who read for them. We are always mightily impressed when we see or bear that some one ' bas bad his attention drawn to certain comments,' which every one else has read with bis own eyes.— Albany Fonblanque. Josh Billings on Ghosts.— A ghost is about two foot seven inches in height, and weighs from four to six ounoes. They are of the maskulinn and femit.ine natnr, but princi pally nutur. They aint afraid ov nothing, and will hang around a graveyard az kareless as a akoolboy will around an orchard in green apple time. Tbey are like a grate menny other thinga in this world — often heard ov, bnt seldum seen. I will giv fifteen hundred dollar* to see a ghost, ana two hundred and fifty dollars more to own one ; but i want one kaught whole and not hurt. Mi friend Pbineas T. Barnum will take a whole drove ov them at tbe^aame price per ghost, and not 1 quarrel aboui'tbe gender.. Therefore, bring your ghosts. Ghost* all was dress in a wite nitegown sort of rig, and nre the quickest that have ever been trotted out yet. Their ordi nary gait iz a mile in .a eeekund ; but it is sed for a purse tliey can beat this bandy. I would really like to see one go in publik for rounny; private time is allwuB suspisbus. Wbi don't some of our agricultural boas-trot assosia«tiuns offer a ghost pns«, free for all ghosts. It would draw like a mustard planer in (he month of August. 8o it would. The presbytery of Chesapeake .met re cently in Baltimore to try the oaae of the Bev. H. E.. G. Baskerville, charged with whippmg his wife. The specification is, that one Sunday tbe reverend gentleman, who is the provider for tbe household, having failed to procure anything for breakfast except bread and buiter, was eiirpVised to find some eggs on the fable, jand .being informed by his wife, in reeponae to aa inquiry, that she had borrowed ih'emfrom a neighbour, told her he would ♦'teach her how-to break the Sabbathf' and did lo by he^ontLe eye mid ' blacking 1 tbat orb into which be had eo often fondly looked. — Alexandria Va. Gazette. Incog.— LA wag say* thfct 'machinery wheels are generally 40 modest thkt lbsy 