SPIRITUALISM EXTRAORDINARY. Tho following extract' is from atr article .written to the: Fortnight! y> Re view- by Mr. 'A, It.' Wallace, the' naturalist1:—• . ."The 'objection will here,inevitably b'e- made 'These ' wonderful things i always ^happen inj America. • Wheir they: occur in England it will be'time ■ enough to inquire into them.'' Singuj 1 larly enough, after-this artiolo was irr" the press, the final test' was obtained, which demonstrated tho occurrence o-f similar- phenomena in London/ AV short' statement may, < therefore, be interesting for those " who -cannot' digest American, evidence; > For 3omo' years' a young lady,' Miss' Florence" 'Cook', Las* exhibited remarkable • me diumship, ; which"' latterly:.culminated in-the -production' of an ' entire fomale form-' purporting; to be • spiritual,' and which appeared barefooted and in white flowing robes, while she lay entranced, in dark clothing' aud se curely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding' that tests of an apparently conclusive character were employed, many visitors, spiritu alists as well as sceptics, got the im pression that all was not as it should be ; owing, in part, to tho resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also to the fact that the two could not be seen at the same time. Some supposed that Miss C. was an impostor, who 'managed to conceal a white robe about her (although she was often searched), and who, although she was securely tied with tapes and sealed, was able to got ;out of her bonds, dress and undress , Iierself, and get into them again, all in the dark, and in so complete and skilful a manner as to defy detection. iOthers thought that the spirit released her, provided her with a white dress, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that thero was something wrong led one gentleman —an ardent spiritualist—to seize the supposed spirit and endeavour to hold it, in the hope that some other person would open the cabinet door, and see if Miss Cook was really there. This was, unfortunately, not done ; but the great resemblance of the being be seized to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escape from him, convinced this gentle man that it was Miss Cook herself, although the rest of the company, a few minutes afterwards, fouud her bound and sealed just as she had been left an hour before. To deter mine the question conclusively; experi ments have been made within itbei^last few weeks by two scientific men. Mr. C. IV Varley, F.R.S., the eminent electrician, made use of a galvanic battery and cable testing apparatus, and passed a current through Miss Cook's body, by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to her arms. The apparatus was so delicate that any movement whatever was instantly in dicated, while it was impossible for the young lady to dress and act as a ghost without breaking the circuit. Tefc • under these conditions the spirit-forin did appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote, and touched several persons; and this happened, be it remembered, not in the medium's own house, but in that of a private gentleman iu the west end of London. For uearly an hour the circuit was never broken, and at the conclusion. Miss Cookwas fouud in a deep trance. Since, this remark able experiment Mr. Win.- Grookes, F.R.S., has obtained, if possible, still more satisfactory evidenco. He con trived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accompanied by the spirit, aud there saw and felt Miss Cook, dressed in black velvet, lying in a trance on the floor, while the spirit- form, in . whito robes, stood close beside her. During tho evening this spirit-farm had been, for nearly an hour, walking: ,and talking1 with the companyand Mr. Orookes, by permission, clasped the figure in his arms, and found it to be,' appa rently, a real living woman, just as the sceptical gentleman had done. Yet this figure vis not' that of Miss Cook, - nor of any other human being, since it appeared, and disappeared in Mr. Mr. Grookes's own house as completely as'in that of the medium berself. The full statement of Messrs. Varley and Orookes, with a. mass of interesting detail on the subject, appeared, in the Spiritualist newspaper in March and April last, and they serve to show that whatever marvels occur in America can be reproduced here, and that men of science are not precluded from inves tigating those phenomena with instru ments and by scientific methods. 