News by the Mail. TICHBORNE. In the Court of Queen's Bench on 8th May, Mr William Cobbett (eldest son of the late celebrated William Cobbett), who formerly was in the habit of making motions in this court, and when confined in the Queen's Bench deputed his wife to move for him, came intooonrt thia morning, and, addressing thn Rnnn.h nniH — T htimhlv annlv to vonr lordships for a role nisi dirceted to Inspector Denning and also to the governor of Milbank Prison to show wby a writ of habeas corpus should not be issued, commanding them to bring up Thomas Castro alias Orton, alids Tichborne, for the purpose of his being dis charged oot of custody. The Lord Chief Justicu : We cannot allow a private in dividual to make such an applicition. Mr Cobbett : The act states that ' any person ' can apply for a writ of habeas corpus The Lord Chief Justice : Yes, through a member of the bar, not individually, Mr Cobbett : I am not a member of the bar. Tbe Lord Cuief J nstice : I know it, and that is wby we cannot hear the application. We have fully considered that and all the other points taken in the case, and we bave refused the applica tion for a new trial on that amongst otber gronnds. Mr Gubbett : I was not aware that sn application of this nature had been made. The applieant then withdrew. In the Court of Queen's Bench on the 18th April, Dr. Kenealy moved for a new trial in the oase of the trial of the Tichborne claimant for perjnry. The judges present were tbe Lord Chief Justioe and J astioes Blackburn, Lush, and Q tain. The grounds on whioh the learned counsel agked tbe court to grant a new trial, or to Sft aside tbe verdiot and sentence, had reference to the jurisdiction of the conrt in tbe caBe of Tichborne v. Lusbington to administer an oath in the Westminster SeBsions- honse ; to the legality of trying the defendant at bar and bef -re a cmiAial Mi^/llaaaw inrv inotaafl rtf kflfnM a mixed jury at the Old Bailey for a perjury committed iu the city of London ; to the power of the Ouurt respecting the adjourn ments which took place during tbe laBt trial ; end to the question whether the Court should not have postponed sentence antil a day in ti-rm. Dr. Kenealy also eonght for a new trial on tbe ground that the presiding judge hsd brought undue iufl ience to bear on the joty ; that the Oourt had itself given evidence which was not opon oath ; and that tbe verdiot was against the weight of tbe evidenoe. Dr. Keneuly argued these points at great length, and when he hsd finished, Mr Justice Blackburn, Mr Justioe Q isin, and Mr Justice Lush aaid that, on the point referring, to the conduct of the Lird Chief Justice, they had no hes'tation in at once deciding that there was no ground for tbe application. Opon the legal points which had been raised the C ?art reserved judgment Mr Justice Blade burn, on the 29th April, delivered tbe judgment of the Oourt of Q wen's Bench opon the application of Or. Kenealy. They were all of opinion that no gronnd whatever had been shown for dou-4ing that the proceedings from first to last had been perfectly regular, that tbe verdict waa properly obtained and was quite satisfactory, and that sentence waa properly passed by the Court sitting in banco. The whole of the points raised were untenable, and the role was eooordingty refused. Tbe verdiot end sentence therefore must remain. The following is an extract from a letter whioh haa just been received in Manchester: — ' When I was in Singapore, Mr Smith told me a curiona thing. He said be had heard etGuverament-hoose k gentleman, who had ) just tomb oot, ta'k' bf Ute Tkhborne trial, and ha 'said ha had been often ia ooart, j and had begun to doubt If die ehdmant wet* BaimjMslar,ss be thought it uopwible to bave sustained so long a false daim, etc., and that if be had forgotten his French i he had wonderfuUy quickly * pioked up the ' manners of a gentleman, and ao on. WeO, a few days afterwards this gentleman was in the well- known general emporium called Little's, ?hen a man came in to make some purchases. ' Good heavens ! who is that?' said tbe gentle man to a friend. 'That's Captain Orton, commanding a coast steamer, a sun of old Orton, the Wapping butcher,' was the reply. The gentleman said, 'I thought it was the claimant or his ghost.' And be now swears tbat in his mind he has not the slightest doubt they are brothers. Mr. Smith says the like- ness is wonderful, and any photograph of the claimant would pass for a photograph of Captain Orton." Mr Brown (Messrs. Lawrence, Plewes, and Co.) the representative of the petitioning creditor in the adjudication of the person described aa Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, but who is now undergoing his sentence of penal servitude for perjury under the name of De Castro, otherwise Orton, at- tended the Bankruptcy Court on 6th May, that being the day appointed for the adjourned first meeting for the appointment of a trustee. There was not a single creditor present, and, under these circumstances, it was intimated that as there was no quorum the matter would be duly reported to the court, to ascertain whether the adjudication would be annulled or whether the bankruptcy would be con- tinued to be carried on under a registrar trustee. The sitting did not occupy more than a minute or two. 