GRASS AXD FODDER PIJAJÍTS. Tifie following paper, on grosses und fodder-plants, wm rend by Dr. Sohornburgk. Director of tho liotiinic Gar dons, Adelaide, buf"ro tin? Clinmbcr of Manufactures anil is publislroil by the .South Australian Government: Your lixcf Heney mid Gentlemen,-No doubt you wil nsroo with mo that in tho Household of Nuturo thoro ii not n moro important tribe of plants Hum that of thc glasses, us upon the seeds of tho cereal division more tlinu, tw-thiitl" of tlie population of tho globo subsists. Tho samo r'úífhirk in UIHO applicable in regard to the animal .world. To thu graminivorous animals, which aro the most numciviu» miioiujst tho ninnimnlin, tho vnluo of grass aa fodder is hardly second to that of corn for humnn food, and n considerable, i>oition of tho feathered tribe live also upon the s-'eds of grasses. Withqut wheat, rye, barley, ont», maize, Guinea corn, rice, what would become of us ? It ia said that rico alono forms the food of three-fourth*) of tho human ratio ; in other words, of bot troon six mid seven Hundred millions of tho population of tho world. AB nothing can oe uninteresting which is connected I with tho habits of n tribe of such vnst importance, to tuan und haast, I will, before procoeding to the real ob- ject of this evening's lecture, mention ii fow mon; il- lustrative facts. Professor LiiuUoy Buys in his work, " Tho Vegetable Kingdom," tho uso of this most important tribe of plants for food, fodder, clothing, kv., requires little illustra- tion. The abundance of wholesome ftecuhi contained, in their seeds ronden) thuin liconliarly well adapted for the sustenance of man ; and if thc cereal grasses only, Much ns wheat, barley, rye, ont«, maizc{ Uuinca corn, nco, uro tho kinds commonly employed, it is because of tho large BÍZO of their groin compared with that of other gnisaos, for none are unwholesome in their natural state, only ono kind being know» iinrongst the whole tribe, j namely, tho drake (Loliam temulcntum-Lin.), tho of feots of which aro undoubtedly deleterious. Sugar is a general product of grasses. Kor ccononti cnl purposes grasses ni-e oftenof nutcUiinportnnoc. I will only mention tho bamboo, w hich in some parts of tho world, eapeeiiiHy in Asia, is employed na timber nuil cordage. Vlants of a gross, called in .South Aniorica " i'lirjuiuustii*," nro Hiing fountains1. They grow from Killie lulu..; .LX. .- - - from thorny impenetrable thickets, ami ure oxceoding ly grateful to travellers awl hunters ;. for on cuttiui such u l oud below iv joint, tho skill of thu youageT shoot is found to bo full of n cool liquid, wliiali quenches tin most burning thirst. To this I can testify, ns during our travels in South America, wi hailed with delight such a copse- of reed: to quench our thirst. Besides these propertien of tin grasses I may also mention their uso for piij- er,.cordage ut raw plaiting, kc. In fuot, tho vnluo o£ this order tc lmiul'iiul is boundless, nml I shoJildtresptueJ- too mucl on your patience if I ventured to toll you. all of tin economical purposes to which tho products of tho dif- ferent grasses uro applied. llcsiclcs tlior.o properties of thograminuccnHlicirinor gnnioproducts arc also voiuu rknWe. Tho cu tibio contain* n largo proportion of silex, UH is proved, according to i*ï-o f essor Lindley, by its lnirdncss and by masses, of vitri- fied mutter hoing found whenover a huystuclùorlicin» ol corn lu accidentally consumed by fire. With tho exception of thc genus bamousa (bamboo), Nature hus not lavished on tho repräsentative» of this inost important and interesting ordur of the vegetable world much outward beauty, nor luis tho cntlmsin-im of unoiont and modern bards boon excited by tl'cui, ns is tho cauo so frequently in pru ¡su of othor plants, which liuvo been endowed by Nature with every beauty to Iliense by tho oyo, but without the slightest nyc to nian :ind. I think wo all, indeed, uro opt to Ionic on thc gniHses with tao much indifference, that they constitute in a-jreat degree tho stall of our life. Professor Lindley says further :-" Tho great, mass of horbngo known by the narnu of sedges ¡iud grasses constitutes, porlmps, a twelfth pin t of thc- described apooios of dowerin"; "lauta, und at least nino-tcnths of tho number of individual-! composing the vegetation of tho world ;. for it is thc chief annice of tho verdure willoh cover« thc earth, especially of northern cuun trioM, with il gay carpet during tho ymir." I cxtivict tlio following account of tho geographical distribution of graspos by I'rofcssor Shaw :-" Tho family in vary mtinerou.i. lu thc .system of Itocmcr and Solvtiblei- tlicro uro 18C0 ; and since thsi work-, were lt brought to ft conclusion, would probably «iiuíuiu ?rn ann -.. ..ll u ?"",. I... n,"* ii..._.. r. twetvty-socond part. It is moro than probable, however, that In futuro tho rjr.i».w» will increase iu d largor'ratio limn tho othor phuni'urgunic planta, and that porhnps tho just proportion will ho UH ono to twenty, or na bite to sixtoen." Groator still will be their proportion to végétation in gonornl whon tho number of individuals is taken into account, for in this respect most, if not all, of thc clnssos aro inferior. With regard to locality in auch n large family very Httlo can bo advanced. Tlicro are, however, both lund mid water grasses, but no mutine plants. Thoy I ootnr in ovory soi!, in socioty with ot KITH and alone ; f ho Inst to «licit n degree ns entirely to occupy con sldorablo districts. Hund nppcara to bo less favourable I ttf thia clnsa j but oven this has specie» newly peculiar to itsolf. Grasses exist under tho equator, «u tho mountains of the south of liuropo, where they uHcetid nlmiiit to tho snow Hue, anti on tho Ando«. Tho greatest difforencu.hotweun tropical and oxtru ' tropical grasses nppo.irn tobo tho following :-The tropical grasses noqulro a inuch greater height, und occasionally 'nasumu tho appearance of tree«. Homo »pooles of "amonan uro from fifty to sixty foot high. Tho leaves of tip: tropionlrrrnsBes nro broader, nnd approach moro ii» form those of other familios of pinn« Separate soxos uro moro frequent in tho tropical grasse tho flowers ure softor, moro downy, und elegant. Tl extra-tropical grnssos, on tho contrary, far surjinss tl tropical in respect of tho nmnher of individuals. Tin compact grassy turf which, especially in tho colder pur of tho temperate conos, in spring and summer compost the green meadows and pastures, ia nhuoat entire: wanting in tlio torrid zone. Tho grasses there do ni grow crowded together, but, like other plants, moi dispersed. Tho contribution of tho cultivated grasses is ono < tho most interesting subjects, lind I beg you will induit, and not grudge me if I go into lengthened details ( tins interesting point. It is tlotcrmiimtl not merely b climate, but depends on thc cultivation, industry, an trudie of tho people, and often on historic: ovonts. "Within the northern polar circle ugr culture is found only in a few placen. I Siberia grain reaches at the utmost only to GO ¿legs, in tho oasteni parts scarcely nbovo B5 dog«., and i Kamtschatka thero is no agriculture oven in tho mot southorn parts (til dogs). Tho polar limit of ugricultiu on tho north-wost const of America appears to bo sonic what higher, for in tho more Southern Kussinn posses »ion» (57 dogs to 52 degs) barley and rye como to mn turity. On the cast const of America it is scarce! above 00 dogs or f>2 dogs. Only in Europe, namely, ii Lapland, is tho polar limit an unusually high Inti tude-70 dcgB. iieyonil this dried fish, und here nm thorn potatoes, supply tho placo of grain. _ Tho grains which extend furthest to tho north i: Europo aro barley and' oats. These, which in th milder climates aro not used for brent], afford to th inhabitants of tho northern parts of Norway nm Sweden, of a part of Siberia and Scotland, thoir ohio vegetable nourishment. Bye is tho next, which is sui stitutcd for tho inferior kinds of grain. This is th prevailing grain in a great part of thc nortborn tempe pe- nte ¡.one, namely, itt the South of Sweden and Nor way, Denmark, mid in nil tlio lands bordering on th Baltic, the north of Germany, nnd part of Siberia. It is a very romiirkablo'circumatnnco that the nativ country of wheat, oats, barley, nnd rye should bo cn tiroly unknown : for although oats and barley wer found by Colonel Chesney apparently wild on the bank of the Euphrates, it is doubtful whether they are no the remains of cultivation. This has led to an opinioi on the part of some persons that nil our cereal enisse are artificial productions, obtained accidentally, bu retaining their babita, which have become fixed in tin cou i so of ages. Having attempted to impress on your minds tho im portanco of this most valuable und interesting order o tho vegetable world, upon which the existence of tin human race mainly depends I will now go over to thc sub ject of this evening's lecture, namely-"Tho Grasse nnd Fodder Plants which may ho beneficial to thesquat tor and agriculturist in South Australia." . _ No doubt you will agree with mo that thero aro fov circumstances in widen tho agriculturist nnd squatte of this colony have been so inattentive as to the naturi and produce of their pasturo lauds-namely, thc gras and fodder'plnnts. It ls also true that tho cultivation o: artificial grasses and fodder plants will ant never cnn bo BO general hero as at hoine on account ol the largo extent of pasture laud iu tho possession o: the squatter, and on account of the insuperable ililli cnlty arising from climate and the droughts to whicl some parts of tho Colony are often subjected, which h against the cultivation of most of the artificial grasses ; and there aro not maur European aud foreign grusscf which would livo throughout tho year and will renew themselves annually. I will say fir.it n few words regarding our native grasses, of which I nm norry to say so many specie; have already died out from cultivation and depasturing since possession has been taken by Europeans. It is a historical fact, whoaover man settles in a new country, ho exercises ft potent influence over tho indi- genous vegetation lind animals, especially if tho intru- ders aro of an agricultural and pastoral pursuit. Thc plough, tho axe, tho herds, aro enemies to vegetation, and tus cultivation advances ono representativo nftci the other succumbs to tho foreign influence. Tho her- bage suffers first, tho native animals second, and oven man succumbs, of which ronny countries, especially America, have given us examples. But the idough, tho nxo, tho herds nre not the sole destroyers of thc native herbage. No ; with cultiva- tion are introduced noxious weeds of other countries, which if they havo taken ground spread with alarming rapidity and becomo possessors of tho ground, growing often more luxuriantly in their new abode. As nu example, I will call your attention only to scveil of such noxious intruders in South Australia, viz :-Tfifl «û-callocl dandelion lOryplostemma calcn dulticca, R.iBr.*, the cockspur^fCsntaurcameliionsis, Lin.), tho .Scotch thistles (Carduus marianus. Lin., and Ouoporcitm acanlhium. Lin.), the Bathurst burr XauihiiHH spinosum, Lin.), tho French oatchfly [Silenn gallica, Lin. ), and the Htinknstcr (Anthcmu cotida, Lin.), natives of the Cape nnd Europe, which already cover largo tracks of pasture bind,, and will extern! further ¡ind further to tho destruction of tho native herbage. You willagree with me, especially the squatter, of the seeming failure of tho nativo grassos, and that the feeding properties of our native pastures have seriously declined of Into years. Mniij- olose observers will have missed already scviTal kinds of licrlxige, especially annuals or summer grasses, in our ntighboi-xk'und, anti thc representatives of other kinds ure bevotning less every year. Hut this is not nloite the caso with tho annual, but also with the pcrennini herbage I will only call your attention to tho well-known und so u.iofiil kangaroo crass ( Anthis Uria viliata., Lin., iii), which in the curly days of thc colony wo found everywhere, nnd formed a great part of tho pastare grass. It ins now disappeared even from localities which it formerly almost monopolized. It han boen ïrludied s.» much by tho stock that it has been fairly eaten out cf tho- tjrohtud, and I fear will soon disappear entirely; amt » good marjy other grasses will foUi»w. Rut not alono in South Abstraira,, but nlso in South Africa, vegetntit.*» change* aro ijoiuß on through tho introduction of sheep. In ts paper by -Mr.JJ. Shaw, of South Africa, rema tho other» day by Mr. Th. Dyer be- fore- thc Boyal Botanical Society,. London, Mr. Sîww rcmiwdcs :-" Civilisition nncî.shoop Itweintroduced t>»e Bathurst burr. IrsOrnngo State woe! has. becomo so filled with tbeso bunni that it» value lum-been deteriora- ted nwirly HO per cent., nu-l tho Government have ]cgislat«l for its compulsory ilsstructsoni Tho'sheep, in connexion with thcovcr-stoclUng of Burna aro doing very serious injury directly to the vegetation by eating down thc-bctter and mure agreeable plarttoj. erring range to poisonous und bitter" ones. Since nlicnp have been introduce,-!!' thc grasses ilavo very ;îast dinailpenrcd ; tho ground, b;» thc hurriod march of the' slWop for food amongst i> scattered bush, has lSecomc benton and hardened, »nd tho seasonable rains, whiiji do como occasionally during the Hummer, arc-accordingly allowed to run off tlie snriaco without soaking in. thc ground to tlie oxter.* formerly thi case. T1M grasses' and her bago disappear, the country Ls drying up, aixbhccoming a semi-dcserS." Tlio author furthor refers to<tho_grcnt incrcaso of poisonous and bitter horbago, so tfinfc it was dangerous to have stock on many farras whichJforrncrly wero free froro. any injurious-herbs. Wo soo fro:n tho above tl.nt the South Africwioquat ters havo thc-some causo ciïcomplaints regarding the introduction cf noxious and poisonous and thc- extirpa- ting of tho indigenous nutritious plnnt.i ns the-South. Australian xqrattcrs have. You will ask "'What is tha-causo of üliis ?"' Nothing is more easily t.iï.»wered-thc- constant pusturlngion tho runs tluoughout thc year. Tho grnssos and other ] herbs nre prevented cnsurincjUieir roproduotiomfrom seed, and as thc ohoop orop very closely, thc plants I soon succumb, having no chunco . whatever of being: re- produced from aced. From this feet and from t'-icoo relating: to the-dUnp penrnnce of choice grasses, it'»* known thntcsposmlly the sheep doveto their attention to kinds of" grasses which thc}- most like and leave tho inforior.gtttssca untouched." Musk of our bat Der. kinds of nativo-grasses huvo no tendency to "form oliiso turf, and'growing mostly tussocky, aro moro otsily eaton by, the-shcop out of the giouKil nnd destroyed. Tho perennial grosses suiter also from tho constant- trampling upon them bj- ¡ thc stock. I saw tho oilier day n letter in one of tho vollimes of j the í'iinii amt ¿farden, whhji.v.-ill illuHtmtato you the state in wliicji the "nativo liasses were found.herc in tho first days of thc colony. Thc writer of tlio letter, wini sigua'himself " Muuliu^v.." says : -"Tho first s.tf. voyors coming down to Ynn.uililla pitched tbnir tents i in a fino open valley or plaint where they found tho grnss so luxuriant lind tall thr.t it could boiled over a horse's burk. Tili,» tliov i,v,v.-o,\ nnd mude into hny. nnd from thu chcnmsltmco i.f the stacks beiiis-ucciih-nt iilly buint, tb:-.- called thc placo ' .'lay 1-hr.' 'I'lii. natue, the writer says furl!."!-, it 1I:IM c.mtiu-.i;el tobi.ar uiulcnervcJlv up to tin: purent Hmo : nltliou,{li 1 think it high timi'"for it tobe ultuejil to a less pretending ono, for its present aspect rcmitsls one no more of thu above mutative limit docs a fairy tnlo or a ghost »tory of real life. Indeed ti modern explorer visiting the-spot now would cull it rush or stony valley." As I have mentioned before, 1 fear very few artificial grasses cnn be grown with piolit and advantage on tho runs, mid no the squatters must bu dependent upon thc native grasses. Tho only rcsourco wi'l be to encourage the growth of those. No doubt, if properly cultivated, native grasses would bo tho most imitable- for pasturage on the rims. ¡"jTlieir Heeds should be collected, mid cure should, bo taken ti» proouvo those noria nf which sheep and cattle ure fondest.il nu which they thrive best. Of such grasses «overa 1 «cres »liould bl- noivii in woll-prcpareil soil, mid fenced in for die sake of procuring annually a quantity of (.ced, which should be wwii on Mich spots which aro deficient ni herbage. Thom' spotj should bo ploughed and tho seed properly sown mid burrowed in. No doubt thone seeds, sown before the nilli set in, will aron-nftorirards without nnv further trouble. i Or tho runs should bo divided into sub-iUviskuis. | Annanlly ono of tlicso diviiiioiis should not bo grazed, for tho purposo of replacing tho pasturage; Tho grasses should gi-ow unmolested, flower, rhum, and scatter their seeds, so aa to ensure their reproduction. Un- doubtedly such a system of rotation would be very beneficial, and improve tho growth of tho pasture ma- terially. X think we all know, and especially the farmer, that to farm profitably grazing should go ham! in hand w ith corn-growing, and that tho farmer ns w»ll as tho Jaunt- ier will lind it iidvaiitiigeou.-i to hnvo u paddock of artificial grasses neat- his homestead, in Hinno suitable and confined spot, for the purpose of keeping stock which requires to be kept ni good condition during tho summer months i but to keep such n paddock during this time in a growing condition, I fear some dilliculty will be found in South Australia. Even with irrigation, wo could not expect to produce such a fine turf ns that with which'wo were so familiar at home ; and every fa rm or will agree with me that it is not only raised by manuring and ii ligation, but by tho humid climate and the mihi Bummer showers that full at home. But with our dry climnte, tho thermome- ter ranging frequently from SOdcgs. to lOOdcgs. at tins' seaHon of Hummer, I think it improbable that we cvor will realise that fine turf whioh a humid cliniato will produce. ' , ?' I have found that there are not many kinds of foreign grasses which will stand our arid droughts. Sty HCVOU years' experience and experiment» with tho acclimatiza- tion of grasses from all parts of tho globe have, l am sorry to say, not resulted with such favorablo suooess ns I should nave wished. I have sown cvory year CO or 80 kinds of grasses, which during the winter months hnvo mostly grown luxuriantly, but ns soon as tho dry weather set in, bc gan to suil'er and perish. .' , ...... I will give you now the results pf'my experiments, not alone with grasses, but also other fodder plants, and will call to your attention those kinds willoh for years hnvo stood woll tho test of your arid climate ; nnd I iiiuconfidont that they aro permanent in their dur-1 ntion, and well worthy a trial, if only a little oaro and attention is paid to tdioir culture ; but it is gonernlly thought that any trentrueut will do for grosses. . ' "With the exception of lucerno, I think very little trouble has yet boon- bestowed on tho culture of arti- ficial grasses by tho farmer and the squatter, because, ns tho phrnso goos " thoy will not pay foçtho trouble," but I think, instead of moralising on the theme, I will bring facts before you. I shall only dwell at any length on those grasses-and fodder.plants which from my own practical, oxperionco' I have found suited to our climate, aid! whioh, ns. beforo mentioned, most of -them. I havo cultivated for tho last Bcven years, in the experimental ground in tho Botanic Gurdon. I must remark at the snme time, that I havo bestowed on them not tho slightest cure in regard to watering during tho summer, only that they have been kept clear from woods, and tho soil lino been yearly dug once. I will begin with thc famous bunch grass of British Columbia (/-''.-/mus condensai.us, l'resl.), of which His Excellency thoGovernornpeaks so highly from h's own experience. Before going into a description of this esteemed grass, I must remark, that my attention to this plant was called by an English agricultural paper, tho ¿armer. I resolved immediately to introduce this grass, and suc- ceeded in receiving from my friend in Edinburgh-Mr. J. Anderson Henry-a little seed, which was sown in a seed pan. The young seedlings were planted July last in the experimental ground. From tho samples before you, you will observo the progress the plant linn; made; I must observe that they have not boon watered : and I am glad to assure you that tho last week's unusually hot and dry weather has had not the slightest effect ou tho plants : and I am hopeful that tho bunch grass will stand our climate, and that it will become fe of our best artificial grasses, I will read now tho interesting extract from tho Farmer to show you how highly tho bunch grass is thought of at homo, osiiecinllv in Scotland ; "'Mr. Kobcrt Brown, Collector for tho lïritish Colum- bia Botanical Association, Edinburgh, was enablod in 18G3 to send home a supply of seeds of tho bunch grass, and thus first introduced it into lîritnin. " To m03t of tho members of this Association, grass seeds, howovor, present little or no attraction, and with tho exception of what fell to the share of tho Bo- tanic Gardens and .T. Anderson Henry, Eaq., Hay Lodge, together with a few plants in qui- own collec- tion, tho bunch grass of British Columbia wa3 so uttorly neglected that it might have been lost to tho country, notwithstanding thut iti merits, both us carly forage and nu abundantly productive hay grass, aro likely yet to secure tut it a highly prominent pince among tho cultivated agricultural plants of Britain. . . ""With us thc bunch grass lins gone on increasing annually in stature, nud although grown in tho past dry summer on rather poor uumnnurcd soil, a plant was nearly eight feet throe incliOB in height. It sur- passed in hulk of crop the grass then glowing in tho neighbouring famed sewage-irrigated meadows bf Edinburgh. So that as a highly productive ' early cutting grass it "tonks far beforo niiy other known kind. -' , - " lu cultivating the British Columbia'bunch grass, wc would recommend - sawing it in drills or beds, allowing it to grow tlieto for at least ono season, and thou transplanting it iii well-cloancd land ot n distanoo of twelve to fifteen iuohes apart. Tho seedlings make but little growth, and never run to scud in tho first season. Hoeing or weeding will thcreforo be required throughout the first summer und autumn niter trans- plantation, but afterwards the pbints will bc sufficiently i strou-ç to overpower most kinds of weeds, nnd. thoy will | seemingly grow ou in full vigour for a long series of j year«. , ' . ' I " Subsequent to oar foreiuentioned notice of this bunch grans, we have received thc following particulars ; ' rog.irding it in its nativo habitat. In a paper on tho | I Flora of Aiivskn, formerly known as Ktusiau Amoricn, i Dr. ltothrook «¿ates that tho high grounds in the vicinity of Fort St. .Tame* (lat. !H" V N.y afford tho bunch grass i-f tho packers. So nutritious is that oven when apparently dead nnd dry stock will become fut on it, and rcmnin so under hard work for lorin; pcriodB if this lie pftrntifitlly supplied. " "In u recent-California newspaper a correspondent mentions that in. thc vicinity of the libiso Itasiu, in Idaho Territory, ' the blue top linnell grass ' covei-B tho hills, and is ns gnod as hay, sorjo even considering, it ns approaching in iii nutritivo qualiü ;s to grain. There may, however, lie some doubt whether ono of the other bunch grasses, mid not the EUimns canden »oiuit, mny bo that hero noticed. But the most recent .rcllablo and important information- regarding it is con- tained in the following letter to ME. Kobcrt Brown; of the British Columbien Botanical Expedition, fromm I friend who lived fer several years in tho bunch guss i country : I ""lyne*!. Ellesmere; Bept*. ». 180> ! "DcarBir,-You ask my opinion of Hue bunch ^rass of tho neutral plateau, or tabla- lauds of British- Columbia-AVy-w-s coniUmaiui. ns I believe- you botanists call it. Aller ulive I yene*' oxpcrleneeof thai) o'uintry I can bcar-.testlmony to thu nu-sitioin and fattening properties of thls-gaiss, far surpas- sing. I believe, thoso ot may other knuwin brill. A fowfacM will abundantly llliistnit-i'Uiia. " lu thcearly years or Micvlony, before «otsor barley lind bee** Imported, this bunch- p-ass wns thc orJy(«i lt Is still the iirlnclpal) food of the train., of mules CI-HI. horses which, I heavily laden willi provisions und goods, followed tho gojd diggfirj into the mines, -rrer the roughest-' possible trails. I huvcvldden hundreds of miles on horses whouc solo support was this bunch finiss... -"urned loose nt nuusei, when the camping-ground was reached, to feed, they were found next mortmir ns fresh and gay soever. Indeed, o much a journey, 1 If not-ridden too hard, tln-y «cold rainer gala.flesh than luso lt. "Iumy essay on BritisI-.-Olilaniblii, pago 40,,ninvo spoken of tho nuir»cllous Increase of .sJjck lu that part (-e the country, an Incret-i«owiiig. I liellovo, mainly to the umotr.il nf vital energy impu.-i.e-'i by tho grass. ...Then, os you uro awaiv the droves of oa^Jc which sup- plied beef to tho minos ol'QmilHio, had been ririicn Ooo miles frotit Oregon, vet they wens-I« excellent nmlllta on their arrival, owing to tho exc'elL-nJ pasturage «rhichi- vfrcstiëd them each night utter thc jouriuv ot thc day. " Finally, both humes and cattle used tosiviivc winters nf great severin- : BO long ns shore was not loo inis-U snow for them to push aside they would subsist on what, fulls of bunch grass they could reach. 3t must- havo been lurd times for thcm.but they managed to survive. "lam roioks-d to henri timi Hie experiment of trying tills grass.Bcar Edinburgh liai-ntu-is-vilrd so admirably,and I trust u'grlcidtnrUts univ lie induced to try on n largo scale, ns lam convinced farmers and cattle-breeders wouUll soon ' learn to nppranlat" Its iiui-cle-niak lng .md fattening properties. **-Xîcliiwc me, denr fir, "Ii. C. bl.'.'flili: Blinw.v, " Vicar of Ii.vnenl. Halop." Tin- HCCOIUI grass, «-.i my list is tho so fnmous Guinea grn.-n-( J'unicum ma.rimum, Jacq. )-ii cativo of tropi- cal Af'. ica. from «(hence it has been introduced1 to South America nud tho "Vies. Indies. His Exeolloiicy ibo Governor on sovcral'ocooniotA hus spoUah higHly of thia valuable, Kru.s.s, in regard to ito utltsltious qualities, lmvin;; lióconw acquainted with it during his stay In thc A Vest Indies. "My, iicrsunal observations of u fow y LUI.i residence ila South America confirm Hin Exqel ic/noy'n experience in every respect. I cnn assure yo» in Demcrom I lmvo seen it nUnin IL heigh', of six to eight foct. One nero of Guinea grass will lic-m two cowa or a horse throughout tho year, KI it will give unilor cultivation nt least four or live crops a year. 1 haveaeon people cutties from ono "oru eves/ day so much as they wanted for their horses «ir cows, and when they cunio lo the cud of the acre, thu f.val portion cut had grown suliiuient to cut nguiu, mid could bo lepcated four <U' live times thrunu'ivutt thc year. It is nut to be expected Unit- «ve could do tho Mime thing here, as the growl!; ir. rMi'.ith Au^trnliii cnn never bc compared willi that of Smith America. If ii ii cut there four or livo times u-yenr, wv eau scarcely expect that it oan bo done mom than twice hoi". 1 believe the Guiñen «rai s willie a UKo'.iil pi'.ylng grass with us, especially in favourable lucidities; it re- quires a deep moist «'.dl. According to my five yen r.-» observai Son ou tho plant« in tlicYgurduii, it Ls capable of <;iului'Ui;( dining the sumnior, when it grows numt ra\iid\y, .« ilegree ot bent and drought wldcU h\t \<wvA destructive, to uluwst Any other kind of gross- growing In tho experimental ground. But I must remind nil who intend to plant, and will secure a luxuriant growth of Guinea grasa, that it must not be thought, ns is generally tho caso, that any treatment will do for grasses. It must bo planted on prepared ground, tho plants eighteen or twenty inches apart, and tile land kept clear from weeds. I will also mention that it will uot hoar hoing fed down nor trampled upon hy cattlo or sheep, but must be cut. Tho next grass is tho woll-knowu prnirio-grass (Rioiiiiii uninloidet, Humboldt),'a nativo of Central America, which I think lins boen so carly ns 1S5S intro- duced into the colony. Notwithstanding that it lins turned out ono of tho host mid nutritious foddor grasses, which is little affeotod by our dry soasons, it has not received that attention from tho farmers which it deserve«. ' ' . .'.? ,'.?. I considor tho prairie 'grass ono' ofour host acquisi- tions of tho foreign grosses, and it deserves to'take tho lead ns oneof tho most permanent nnd pnying. I find there is no grass botter, suited for green fodder, and none is suporior to any grass for .haymaking than tho prnirio grass. It thrives just ns well on tho- plains BH on tlio hills. . ...'-?'.?' ! ' : , It surpassos any grass in regard to seod-boaring qualities. Air. T. Goode, Goolwa, who is an oxtensivo tjroworof tho x>rairio, grasa, and who oomrneneod grow ing it from a few. seeds willoh ho received from tho garden, lins assured mo that ho bas raised ns much as twenty bushels of seed per acre, and ho finds , it also superior to any grass for haymaking. ;. * i There is not the slighest doubt,, if early sown, say. April, about fifty to'sixty pounds seed'to tho nero, it will givo two. or three crops. It is . ono of tho most productive grasses during tlio winter. Tho 'result of often mowing is that the plants spread more and grow thickor than if allowed to go to scoding. .But: there is one fault to be'mentioned-it will not hear footling off. Cattlo and shoopUi.ro so fond of tho grass that thoy will eat the roots out of tho ground, which is facilitated by thoir peouliar growth. Thus a good many plants nro destroyed hy tho cattle. Not., withstanding I would recommend ovory farmor to givo this, valuable grass a fair trial. In confirmation of what I have said of tho prairie grass, I will read Slr; Goodo's lottor treating on tho subject: Goolwa, December, 12, 1870.'' ' : Sear Slr,-As I see by the papers you are about to give n leoturo on grasses, and .hoing lu receipt of your telegram in- quiring about prnirio grass, I thought probably afow fact« de-, tal Uric my experience, with that grass might be acceptable IC lt is of (he slightest use to you, I shall bo pleased to have rendered over so slight a return for tlio many acts of kindness I have received at your hands. In tho first placo I would observo that of all the many seeds I havo received from you, prairie grass is tho only ono that has really done well on my sandy soil. Of the seeds ot thia grass, wbloli 1 got t rom you some years «moo, only few germi- nated. /Tho following year (1863) I hhd a place In my gar- den^ and in 18091 had a larger ooo, and somo roots outside. I noiv havo a fow bushel« of soed again; and intend to plant it properly. I 'should now stato that I am living on a sandy hill ; my lionne has a foundation ot seventeen feet of sand, . and tho ? seed I grow this year was on saud from «Ix to niuo feet deep. , .. v ? . ' . If I have on opportunity, I will >forwnrd you ono of tho tussocks from willoh tills year's need hos been nut, which, thntigh a» coarse os whoat straw, the cattle and horses will eat to tho very root, for tho sako of the green bindo springing up in lt. It ls now the only green grass I have. I should not havo so far lost lt, but my manager took it Into lils head to leave mo arid go up North, in tho end of 1871, and my own state ot health preventing my looking after my farming, and not meeting with a mau capablo ot managing with tarins, accounts for «noll bnd'results. In 1870 tho man I now havo lu iny employ planted alxntt two acre« In a small paddock, 'rom waloh I got about forty bushels primo seed and a nico stack of hay. Tho hay not being thoroughly reaped, I out lt into oliatt ; nnd there being so much seed in lt, wo used it partly as eora to Improve other chafT.. ? '.'?' I ¡had a fine aftermath coming on t but hearing such bad accounts of tho destructivo powers of tho locusts travelling south, and oxpoctlng them to roach me, I turned all my stock (four.horses and two cows) lu, and grazed lt very «hort. 1 " Consequently, in'71, having seid all my good sood, I linda verv poor crop, and saved no seed, but threw tho grass to tho cattle, hoplug thoy would earry the seed about the land ; but very littloof it grow. In '73, I found my pnddoolc of prnirio grass oomplctoly smothered with tho barley grass, and.ouly saved a few bunches in my garden for seed... . This seed I threw about last spring amongst Sown barley and have had a lino *rop in 1973. . ?.,-.!? From my experience I am convinced lt ls the best grass 1 have tried; and even tho lucerno Í lias suffered this summer here. > - . . ' ? ' My opinion Is It'should bo managed here much as red oloveror Italian rye grass ls in England) then I can make sure of n prolltablo crop. I beg to subscribo myself, dcarSlr, yours very truly, , I >: ¡ . ; ii; « A t ' y ' law GoonE. For|tho.introduction of the'follówing splendid sum- mer grass we have to thank Mr. H. -VT, Phillip«, North Adelaide. No doubt it is a rival of tho prnirio gross, nnd ? stands our summer hotter than any other kind. - It is also a panio grass (Panicum speclabile, Neos?) . . / - :/ j M. Phillips has kindly given me tho following notes regarding this most valuable..grass, .whioh I will now read:4- '. - , .'*.'. :.''.".' . ' .'This grass como up in my gordon, near tho aviary, nnd no doubt carno with"tho canary seed whioh I bought from Messrs. Hackett. - It is ' very prolific, «ceding, ".bundontly, it can also bd propagated from tho largo ' couch roots, whioh run a great distanco vindór ground, anyi joint of which will grow. -Thosoed should ho gathered as it is riponed, for itsheds oaaily. It will grow m the driost pjneos ; one.plant came up botwoon tho wood and comont nt tho end of.tho ybrandah, which ÍB so cóvorod with passion flowers- tbat it nover got any water '% still it grows notwithstanding nil the traffic. " Tho growth is very luxuriant, shooting vigorously a-bout October, and continues to do so until tlio cold ' wet weather sei» in ; it grows threo or four foot high, ! with tall spikes of scod whioh aro very pretty, and tho root» nro often n yard long, and n« largo os a little fin gor. Instead of, feeling the late extremely hot weather 1 noticed it lind grown lunch during the week. It is very sweet ami succulent, and cattlo cat it greedily ; hut it must not ho sown in nrablojlniid, ns it would bo difficult to eradicate it. It would bo useful on runs, not only for food, but also- for «topping bush fires. If a plough was run across and1 across tho mn, and either scod or roolj planted, it would form a bolt of green no fire would pass ; or if twtmi down, which it most likoly wouhihe, thcro worthl bo a bare spaco to stop tho fire. A singlo lino would soon sproad a yard wide. A seeding win cover n squnrefoot thofirst year, and tho roots cnn bo taken up anti planted without any fear of clearing tho ground. It will como up again quito thickly, every rootlet growing. Tho roots nlso mat to pothor, so that it is useful tc-plant to prevent water- j courses washing away tho soily for which purposes I have given a large quantity of roots to Mr. Mais for tho waterworks. In stony pinces, if a stono is raised and a joint of root placed uiidor it, it will shoot up all round, and never want« ra-sowing. Tou will bo nblo to give the best information about tiree and modo of sowing ; if too carly the slugs oat it off, and I think it should bo pretty deep or tho ants and biris eat it ; it will some- times lay two or th/eo years in tho ground. " I hnvo oiroulatcil tho seed farand wide. I havo : distributed moro thtai lOOO packets : through Mr. Todd ¡it lias been sent to every tolcgrsph station between Port* j Augusta and Port Darwin ; ti friend going homo over 'land took nearly 100 paokots for distribution on tho .'route; another frion»! who traveled through Western Í Australia distributed and planted rt wherever ho wont, t and I am* now sending n parcel to-tho Cape. I gavo half f tho original plant, wluan about faux years old, to a shecp i farmer. It filled a ccinsnck, amï the man had to make ] Swo tili» to carry it nmity. < '" It doos not thriver BO well in thc hills ; for, although 1 it will grow, it is noven so luxuriant us on tho wannor plains." Tho Catstail Grass (PWoiimpm/sinn Lin.).- A native ai Europe. Probnhly bearing thia nama from tho seed panicle, which has BOHÍO resemblance to'n cat's tail. This is a first-class grass, and on» of the best and most vrjnnble of all perennial fodder grasses. It stands our climate well, nnd secmsnofr particular rogareling tho soil, us it thrives well' in sandy or heavy soils. It is worthy >f recommendation, csiKicinlly for pasture. Ont Gras» (Avona elatit»; Lin»)-Also of European origin. This is an oxcollent grass. It is nutritious, ami scorns to grow anti producowell on overy kind of noil. Th» vftluablo gras« Mitlers llttib from tho droughts, and cnn bo recomirrendod as a superior grass for hoy.. ? \ .. . . Great recommendation.deserve the two Falling Awn grasses-- (Pipfiiilieriiiii Thnuiusii Kntlt., und I't'pfa Iherum mulliflorum, Boauv.), Tho first in a unlive of Corsica, tho second from tho southern paris of Europe. Both uro first olass grnssos, and theso kinds aro nome of my flint importntiono,'mid huvo stood their ground w«ll. They boar our- clilnntc uncommonly 'well, nr.il ?will pay tho cultivation, an they are throughout tlio . yonriu a growing stato ; and T can recommend theuvns > I sonia of tb') best of tho collection. Cattlo ni e very ) fond of both. The.next grass, callad the Millet grass (Ifi'Iiiim mnl : litfoiitm, Cay.), e. native of Europe. This grass h.iili-n . worth cultivation fur Hummer rmi winter fodder. It .stands our drought:! well, mid could bo nlso mod for hoy. The produce of the millet grass is superior to ninny kinds of gnisap», lt flourishes, I limy say, in ', every «oil if not too poor, and tho cattlo like il very ni nell. I introducá now to you three other kinds of Panic ¡tinsse-., namely- (/'amVuiii /oiiieniositm Jlu.xb. ; /'iiiiicitiii Teiicn'ir,. H. Jlr.. a nativo of tile Canary Inlands ; mid /Wcum mn gnlli, ¡An.). Neiirlynll tho p.,nimm speei.M, nf which ure-known nearly b'OO kinds, are nutritious nnd fntteiiin-; ¡'.ranaca, mid worth Hi cultivation. They arc oliiellv tropical and .nib- tropical mid endure thc inlluciicc of our scorching heat anil droughts wall. All thron uni worth thu lecoinnicnihi tion. I'nninnm Toncrijiui is only an minimi or «usi- nier grana, hut well worth tho cultivation, ns it thriven well iii Mindy and poor Hull. The following ¡trass ia tho I'eiinisotuin gras! (i'.uni scfii u i.if/osiiiii 1{. Hr.), a native of Abyssinia.. It i'i liol ii tall-growing grass, hut, u capital grass pasture. 1 bring noir to your notlcotho Fcscuo grans (i'Vsfucit dui iiiicula, Lùi.), of European orißln, and wot! tultiptcil for permanent pnnturc. It thrives even Well on sandy noll, and resists tho draught, Gatllo uro very fond of it. Tlioro mc nome otlior kinds of fescue grasses, mundy ¡ festuca clalior and F. omna, winch ire all worth I recommendation for rural purposes, j ïlic next grasa is calleil Cocksfoot {Duchjlis glommt ? rula, Lin.), a native of Europe This is also a valuable , grasu, adapted ita well to dry UH to moist soils. IU yield of fodder is abundant, so also its nutritious qualities. It endures our droughts well. The Buffalo grims (6le"iilaphrum glabrnm Jim.), a ! nativo of tho warmer countries of America, which, I I cannot sufficiently recommend. It is n perennial, and. overy farmer and squuttor should not ho without some ; of this valuable grass. It is a creeping pass like tho ; couch or dub grass, and is capable of standing any I drought. Its fattening qualities I think aro not so great as tho before-mentioned gi-.isHos ; but tho cattlo and sheep Uko it very much. It thrives well on sandy soil, and is easily propagated from cuttings, as every littlo piece will grow, and after taking root it spreads very j rapidly. It is IIIHO well adapted for binding river banks * or sandy spots. It can "ilvantagcously bo UHcd for per- manent pasture. Tho buffalo grnsH ia entitled to a general introduction to our pasture. lt ls also very suitablo for garden lawns. Every one who hos visited Sydney has no doubt boon struck with tho fine lawns, especially those of thc Botanic Gardens, Since tho last two years I havo usod it nlso for this purpose instead of the couch grass. Tho buffalo grass keeps it verdant freshness winter mid summer-a great contrast regarding tho dulncss of tho colour which tho couch grass has during tho winter. Notwithstanding, ns already mentioned, thnt in nppoaranco tho buffalo gras» seems to bo course, cattlo readily feed on it. fcTho couch grass (Cvnodon Uacty'on. Ven.) which liss . been introduced, it is said, from India to Sydney, de- serves also mentioning. It possesses all tho qualities of tho buffalo grass, mid I nm told tliat tho «hoop aro very fond of it. Iknow that the cattlo, if thóycan got on other grass willnottouohit; but if tho green food be- comes scarce thoy relish it nlso. Tho squnttors would do well to introduce this grass on their nm», ns it . spreads us rapidly ns tho buffalo grass.' Another grass willoh I can also recommend highly is a kind of Canary grass (Phalaris Americina, Elliot). I received tho soed from America; with the recommenda- tion of its being a vory usoful fodder grass. I havo had it only two years, but it seems to stand bur climate and promises to bo a grcafnequisitlou. . The love grass (Eragrostit cy(inrfrica, Stouil.), a nativo of China, seems to- bo also1-good grass for pasture. . . . . . Tho next grass is called tho bent grass {AgmlU cax>Ularit, Lin.) ; also this is a&rass; well worth a trial for pasturo: . .. " Tho following two lands of Job's tours (Cota laeryma Lin., and (Ooix cxa.lta.ta, Jacq.) aro worth n trial, capo cially tho lost. ' Thoy stand tho summer pretty well, and produco ahundanco.of nutritious food. Not to tax your pationco too much, I will only men- tion, tho names or tho following grasses-the Hair grass" (¿ira coaspt'toioro, Lin.) and tho Blue Kentucky grass, which I consider.both good for pasture. Tho Kyo-gransos (£oHum yeran"*. Lin., and £olium, iíafieum, A. Br. ). although very good grasses for their nutritious powers, soem.to muintuin their ground with us only one or two years ; aftcr.tho plants dio off, con- sequently thoy aro not well suited for this country, whero wo requiro.a moro pormnnent pasture. It is also said, when tho plants begin Beoding, tho cattlo will not relish the grasss and neglect it. It appears tlmt both kinds of rye grass do not thrivo so well with us ns is tho caso in tho neighbouring colonies, especially in Victoria, whoro they aro spoken of most highly as good foddor and grazing grasses. All the soedB of the above montionod grasses should bo »own in Moy or June, in 'woll-prepáred ground. I will now go over to tho foddor plants, of which I have not many on my list, and begin with tho slioon I.bush of tho Cai «j of Good Hope IPentziavirgata, Less.), of which his Excelloncy lins given us also such a good account. . I roccived a «mall parcel of seed of this valu- able shrub in 1809 from Dr. Hooker, Kew Gardens, ot hwhich ho remarks that the piantis tho most valuable sheep fodder for dry climates, and that tho sheop at the Oatie during tho summer dopend mostly upon this Blunb. I What ti saltbush is to the South Australian squatter BO tho shoopliush is to tho Capo squatter. ?';I raised about twenty plants, which havp dono re- markably well, and prove that our climate is welt adapted tor thoir growth. It is, as you soo, a much branched rigid little bush ono or two foot high. The loaves and branches contain an oromntio ' bitterness, which I understand is likod very muoh byshec]i, which gives tho mutton n very fine peculiar flavour. Tho plant is easily propagated from cuttings, of which qvery ono will grow if planted when tho first rains be- gin to fall. ' Tlio next two fodder plnnts aro known under tho I names of Blb'grass or Plantain "(Piontago major, Lin., and flantaoo lanceolata, L'.n.), both natives of Europe. No doubt both excellent foddor plants ; cattle and sheep aro fond of them. Tito plants thrive woll on ' ? I every soil all tho year through if the season is not too severe. ... ; . I It soems tho rib grass is not generally known, or lt I would have been moro extensively grown. I rocommonil lt as a great acquisition on pasturo ground, especially for squatters, on tho low lands pf thoir runs, where it would supply a plentiful pasture If onco.ostaMij/jodii; Bprcarls rapidly, which I find in' tho experimental ground, whoro the seeding plants «pring up'ovbry- . whore. .-.. ?? <? ? ' r, ' Another plant for'sheop foddor to bb'recommended is tho small Burnett (jPotertutn sanguisorba, lin.), a porenninl plant, whioh'will grow in overy - soil, stands our drought, and is readily eaten by tho ahocp.- As His easily propagated from seeds and suckers; tho squatter should introduco it on his run. , Not much attention, I think, has boon paid yot tc thc different kinds of cloven, of which I find several do «voil in tho garden. . ilelilolus alba, Dcs& ; if. oficinalis, Lin; -r and ii. íunuíina,.Lnm,, do well.' The clovers nro known ns nutritious herbs. ? It is truo many kinds of clovers die away in tho second year, but the above-mentioned kinds seem to stand longer. I will alie mention that clovers thrivo best in. damp soil, . or on clay subsoils,, which rotain tho moisture, where thoy will spread very rapidly. Lucerne has been ex- tensively cultivated1,, ana therefore I find it not neces- sary to montion it moro particularly herc. I could mention' several otiler foddor plants which flourish during the winter months, but as during-this time thc food is abundant, X think it not necessary to spenk further of them. This, your Excellency and gentle- men, aro tho results of a sovon years trinl regarding tho capabilities of soveral' foreign grasses and fodder plant« in this colony. I preforreu not coming earlier before tho public «vith inj' expericnoo until I had tested their durability. Thinking, this period sufficient for such a test, tho more so as the plants withstood the severest droughts wo havo had, I can recommend these grns»cs with confidence. It depends now on tho farmer nnd squatter to gii'e thom fair trial, mid call at tho samo timo to thoir mind the old saying, and avery truo ono it is " that thc man, «vilo makes two blades ot" grass gro«v whoro one grew i before is n public benefactor." Ono remark more. It is now four yonrs since I rend in tho smile room n paper " On tho Inllucnce of Forests on tho Clininto," in which I pointed out tho necessity for laying out forest reserves and planting treas on railways und main rends. Tho next year a roport of mino on tho sam» I subject was laid betör« Parliament. I know my scheme I was then criticised and ridiouled. Not minding this, on thc coiitrarylpcrucvorcdin giving a practical impulse I to tho scheme, by raising forest trees at,tho (larden foi i thc purpose of planting roads and railways with. ' Mr. Mais, tho Hng:necr-!n-Chief, nctuutcd by thc samo I desire, and a similar, enthusiast in tho matter, used the tixcs for planting mound the new and old reservoir anil ' along tho railways ; so that tho Govormneiit has since thc last three years roccived lH.'.W forest trees for tho purpose, und for tho next planting season, my stock I amounts to 12,000 more, for tho purposo of planting th» Burra Hallway. 1 Mr. Krichauff, 711.1»., a well-known enthusiast ol planting forest trees, with his luudablo energy, hasnow [ culled to lifo my favourite scheme, and so forest culturo ' «viii introduced into this colony, and it is now- my sincerest wish that it may bo carried out most) practl lully. Should _..1 this evening's lecture bo also tho mears cf inducing tho squaller and fanner to try the growth of artificial guisaos, I shall feel gratified beyond my power to express. Tour Excellency and gentlemen, accept my bet: thanks for tho-patient hearing of this rather long paper, which I fear has rather trespassod too much on .your patience ; but it is, I believe, unnecessary to assure you I nm only actuated bv ii very sincere desire to beucht our. iigriculturi-itn ; uvd I have t hc liopu for thc persons concerned and tho colony that tin.ir liibour.i may 1,0 crowned with nuccess ; and then, I repeat once more, I nindi foul' 31-ivtiliud lioyiiid my power to express. OXÏOKN IS I.u-K.-lin. UKUIIIT'S fiiosi'iioi.YMr. Mal tltudiu ol oeoplo ure lu .polcoy*Vifr«rinir from dnbllitjf, nerroo! »nd liver complaints, dopir.i.lou ol spirits. delualons, ntatj nen for business or itally, fnlluro ot hearing, ilcht, ana innnuu7.1.«**!tlidu, «Tue i a! powr, ¿.a., who»« cruu« ndinll O' * permanent dirri by tho nen- remedy 1'hoJ.phodyno(Ownio HxvR.n), «Tliie.bat ones .-.Pava n'l Irritation and «r.lto»tiu. Ioq, us now omitfiy a (I UM in ibo onfoiblpd constitution »nil riptilx emin ovury ninan nt th»»o hitherto inourablo »nd ill« trucing ii-sindica, "cid IIT all chemist* »nd druOBint" thron«» out ttn colonies. ¿'ty Camk-.u -Hu uarlloidar to »sk Iori" lMtV.'« Phnsrihodytin ns iir.ltntlcn.-i aro abroad ; and «tola piuv.'.iatllir; «Inilr. hntllnn. tim rfnimlnn article hflnç «ein m I-UKAIIVAST. -Jîrr'M Co«/.,- OnATsrut, AUK COMR??TH' tun.--ly a üioreutih knoflrdnn of the iiMiral In«" T» ,ovcrn'.l,o rpsrufuis ~t ill-i-tlon *.tid nvtrltlon, «ntl rj'» ?rrr.ful n|,;,!k-ath.,. of tlw t':n propoitlr« of woll-««'eetJ» coco». >-r. J^ip« loji p?ovlit<vd our hreakfir.» tabla with » 'hm oMoljr nnti-.utnd i..-vcv.-i:ri wl 'sr.h nfi«T s-vvi» «" mr-:'T, ,,l doctors- bU'.i."-OiW dreier .r.na'tt :<)ndo «Imphr o tiing wi.tt.r or rails;. u'jr.'i verki-l Inbollf'- -"utJ 1" I « and 'li. Ilnirwi.|.nilli" . lieinlm». landon _ SYDNKY. Trintid und l'ubllshod by ÜAWtU HKNNKTT, Bolo Proprietor, nt tho Empire Uüicsi Pltt-Btrcot, Sydney, Tr -julay, 10th KtWtunry. 