The Dream Woman at pan \- of hm A MYSTERY IN FOUR NARRATIVES. (areas By Wilkie Collins. the ho Rest THE THIRD NARRATIVE. THE STORY CONTINUED BY PERCY FAIRBANK. Chapters XVI, Tnx one thing which principally struck me when I joined the guests at the silver wedding is also the one thing which it is necessary to mention here. On this joyful occasion, a noticeable lady present was out of spirits. That lady was no other than the heroine of the festival, the mistress of the house. In the course of the evening, I spoke to Mr. Beldheimer's eldest son the subject of his mother. As an old friend of the family, I had a claim on his confidence which the young man willingly recognised. " We have had a very disagreeable matter to deal with," he said; " and my mother has not recovered the painful impression left on her mind. Many years since, when my sisters were children, we had an English governess in the house. She left us, as we then understood, to be married. We heard no more of her until a week or ten days since, when my mother received a letter in which our ex-governess described herself as being in a condition of great poverty and distress. After much hesitation she had ventured, at the suggestion of a lady who had been kind to her, to write to her former employers, and to appeal to their remembrance of old times. You know my mother she is not only the most kind-hearted, but the most innocent of women? it is impossible to persuade her of the wickedness that there is in the world. She replied by return of post, inviting the governess to borne here and see her, and enclosing the money for her travelling expenses. AA'hon my father came home, and showed what had been done, he wrote at once to his agent in London, to make en- quiries enclosing the address on the governess' letter. Before he could receive the agent's reply, the governess arrived, She produced the worst possible impression on his mind. The agent's letter, reaching us a few days later, confirmed his suspicious. Since we had lost sight of her, the woman had led a most disreputable life. My father spoke to her privately; be offered, on condition of her leaving the house, a sum of money to take her back to England. If she refused, the alternative would be an appeal to the authorities, and a public scandal. She accepted the money, and left the house. On her way- back to England, she appears to have stopped at Metz. You will understand what sort of woman she is, when I tell you that she was seen the other day in a tavern with your handsome groom, Joseph Rigobert." W.hile my informant was relating the circumstances, my memory was at work. I recalled what Francis Raven had vaguely told us of his wife's experience in former days, as governess in in a German family. A suspicion of the truth suddenly flashed across my mind, " What was the woman's name ?" I asked. Mr. Beldheimer's you answered : " Alicia AVarloek." I had but one idea when I heard that reply? to get back to my house without a moment's needless delay. It was then 10 o'clock at night the last train for Metz had left long since 1 : arranged with my young friend, after duly inf orm ring him of the circumstances, that I should go by the first train in the morning, instead of staying late breakfast with the other guests who slept in the house. At intervals during the night, I wondered un- easily how things were going on at Maison Rouge. Again and again the same question occurred to me on my journey home in the early morning, the morning of the first of March. As the event proved, but one person in my house knew what really happened at the stables on Francis Raven's birthday. Lot Joseph Dagobert take my place as narrator, and tell the story of the end to you? as he told it, in times past, to his lawyer and to me. FOURTH (AND LAST) NARRATIVE. THE STATEMENT OF JOSEPH RIGOBEIIT: ADDRESSED TO THE BARRISTER WHO DEFENDED HIM AT HIS TRIAL. Respected Sir, On February 27, I was sent, on business connected with the stables at Maison Rouge, to the city of Metz. On the public promenade I met a magnificent woman. Complexion, blonde. Nationality, English. We mutually admired each other; who fell into conversation. (She spoke French perfectly with the English accent) I offered refreshment; my proposal was accepted. We had a long and interesting interview ; we discovered that we were made for each other. So far, who is to blame ? is it my fault that I am a handsome man universally agreeable as such to the fair sex Is Is it a criminal offence to be accessible to the ami- able weakness of love ? I ask again, who is to blame? Clearly Nature. Not the beautiful lady not my humble self. To resume. The most hard-hearted person living will understand that two beings made for each other could not possibly part without an ¦ appointment to meet again. I made arrangements for the accommodation 26 the lady in the village near Maison Rouge. She consented to honor me with her company at supper, in my apartment at the stables, on the night of the 29th. The date fixed on was the time when the other servants were accustomed to retired o'clock. Among the grooms attached to the stables was an Englishman, laid up with a broken leg. His name was Francis. His manners were repulsive; he was ignorant of the French language. In the kitchen, he went by the nick- name of " The English Bear." Strange to say, he was a great favorite with my master and my mistress. They even humored certain superstitious terrors to which this repulsive person was subject? terrors into the nature of which I, as an advanced free-thinker, never thought it worth my while to enquire. On the evening of the 28th, the Englishman, being a prey to the terrors which I have mentioned, requested that one of his fellow-servants might sit up with him for that night only. The wish that he expressed was backed by Sir. Fair bank's authority. Having already incurred my master's displeasure in what way, a proper sense of my own dignity forbids me to relate volunteered to watch by the bedside of the English Bear. My object was to satisfy Mr. Fairbank that I bore no malice, on my side, after what had occurred between us. The wretched Englishman passed a night of delirium. Not ? understanding his barbarous language, I could only gather from his gestures that he was in deadly fear of some fancied apparition at his bed- side. From time to time, when this madman disturbed my slumbers, I quieted him by swearing at him. This is the shortest and best way of dealing with persons in his condition. On the morning of the 29th, Mr. Fairbank left us on a journey. Later in the day, to my unspeakable disgust, I found that I had not done with the Englishman . yet. in Mr. Fairbairn's absence, Mrs. Fairbank took an incomprehensible interest in the question of my delirious fellow- servants repose at night. Again, one or other of us was to watch by his bed- side, and to report it if anything happened. Ex- pecting my fair friend to supper, it was necessary to make sure that the other servants at the stables would be safe in their beds that night. Accordingly, I volunteered once more to be the other man who kept watch. Mrs. Fairbank complimented me on my humanity. I possess great ¦ command over my feelings, I accepted the compliment without a blush. Twice, after nightfall, my mistress and the doctor (this last staying in the house in Mr. Fairbanks absence) came to make enquiries. Once, before the arrival of my fair friend and once after. On the second occasion (my apart is about being next door to the Englishman's) I was was obliged to hide my charming guest in the harness room. She consented, with angelic resignation, to immolate her dignity to the servile necessities of my position. A more amiable woman (so far) I never met with After the second visit I was left free. It was then close on midnight. Up to that time, there was nothing in the behavior of the mad Englishman to reward Mrs. Fairbank and the ? doctor for presenting themselves at his bedside. He lay half awake, half sleep, with an odd wondering kind of look in his face. My mistress. "Ye you it, i she chair back lock her you now a aga: I saw Will fact he does not aim lea e Published" by special arrangement with the author. SALE legate, received. at parting warned me to be particularly watchful of him towards 2 in the morning. The doctor (in case anything happened) left me a large hand-ball to ring, which could easily be heard at the house. Restored to the society of my fair friend, I spread the supper table. A pate a sausage, and a few bottles of generous Moselle wine, composed our simple meal. AA'hen persons adore each other the intoxicating illusion of Love transforms the simplest meal into a banquet. With immeasurable capacities for enjoyment we sat down to table. At the very moment when I placed my fascinating companion in a chair? the infamous Englishman in the next room took that occasion of all others to become restless and noisy once more. He struck with his stick on the floor ; he cried out in a delirious access of terror, "Rigobert I Rigobert!" The sound of that lamentable voice, suddenly assailing our ears, terrified my fair friend. She lost all her charming color in an instant " Good heavens I" she exclaimed. " Who is that in the next room I" "A mad Englishman." "An Englishman?" "Compose yourself, my angel. " I will quiet him." The lamentable voice called out on me again, "Rigobert! Rigobert I" My fair friend caught me by the arm. "Who is he What is his name ?" Something in her face struck me as she put that question. A spasm of jealousy shook me to the soul. " You know him ?" I said. " His name ?" she vehemently repeated ; his name ?" " Francis," I answered. "Faucis?what?" I shrugged my shoulders. I could neither remember nor pronounce the barbarous English surname. I could only tell her it began with an R." She dropped back into the chair. Was she going to faint ? No ; she recovered, and more than recovered, her lost color. Her eyes flashed superably. What did it mean ? Profoundly as I understood women in general, I was puzzled by this woman I "You know him I" I repeated. She laughed at me. " What nonsense! How should I know him ? Go and quiet the wretch.'' My looking-glass was near One glance at it satisfied me that no woman in her senses could prefer the Englishman to me. I recovered my self-respect. I hastened to the Englishman's bedside. The moment I appeared he pointed eagerly towards my room. He overwhelmed me with a torrent of words in his own language. I made out, from his gestures and his looks, that he had, in some incomprehensible manner, discovered the presence of my guest and, stranger still, that he was scared by the idea of a person in my room. I endeavored to compose him on the system which I have already mentioned? that is to say, I swore at him in my language The result not proving satisfactory, I shook my fist in his face? and left the bedchamber. Returning to my fair friend, I found her walking backwards and forwards in a state of excitement wonderful to behold. She had not waited for me to fill her glass she had begun the generous Moselle in my absence. I prevailed on her with difficulty to place herself at the table Nothing would induce her to eat. "My appetite is gone, she said. " Give me wine." The generous Moselle deserves its name? delicate on the palate, with prodigious " body." The strength of this fine wine produced no Btupifying effect on my remarkable guest. It appeared to strengthen and exhilarate her? nothing more. She always spoke in the same low tone, and always turn the conversation as I might, brought it back with the same dexterity to the Englishman in the next room. in any other woman this persistency would have offended me. My lovely guest was irresistible; I answered her questions with the docility of a child. She possessed all the amusing eccentricity of her nation. AA'hon I told her of the accident which confined the Englishman to his bed, she sprang to her feet. An extraordinary smile irradiated her countenance, She said, " Show me the horse who broke his log I I must, and will, see the horse I" I took her down to the stables. She kissed the horse's my word of honor, she kissed the horse I That struck me. I said, " You do know the man and he has wronged you in some way." No she would not admit it, even then. I kiss all beautiful animals," she said. " Haven't I kissed you t" With that charming explanation of her conduct, she ran back up the stairs. I only remained behind to lock the stable door again. when I rejoined her I made a startling discovery. I caught her coming out of the Englishman's room. " I was just going down stairs again to call you," she said. "The man in there is getting noisy once more." The mad Englishman's voice assailed our ears again. " Rigobert! Rigobert I" He was a frightful object to look at when I saw him this time. His eyes were starting wildly ; the perspiration was pouring over his face. In a panic of terror he clasped his hands; he pointed up to heaven. By every sign and gesture that a man can make he entreated me not to leave him again. I really could not help smiling. The idea-of my staying with him, and leaving my fair friend by herself in the next room I I turned to the door. When the mad wretch saw me leaving him he burst out into a screech of despairing shrill that I feared it might awaken the sleeping servants. My presence of mind in emergencies is proverbial among those who know me. I tore open the cupboard in which he kept his linen? seized a handful of his handkerchiefs gagged him with one of them, and secured his hands with the others. There was now no danger of his alarming the servants. After tying the last knot I looked up. The door between the Englishman's room and mine was open. My fair friend was standing on the threshold watching him as he lay helpless on the bed ; watching me as I tied the last know. "What are you doing there?" I asked. " Why did you open the door I" She stepped up to me, and whispered her answer in my car? with her eyes all the time upon the man in the bed. "I heard him scream." "Well?" "I thought you had killed him." I drew back from her in horror. The suspicion of me which her words implied was sufficiently detestable in itself. But her manner when she uttered the words was more revolting still. It so powerfully affected me that I started back from that beautiful creature, as I might have received from a reptile crawling over my flesh. Before I had recovered myself sufficiently to reply, my nerves were assailed by another shock. I suddenly heard my mistress' voice, calling to me from the stable yard. There was no time to think? there was only time to act. The one thing needful was to keep Mrs. Fairbank from ascending the stairs, and discovering not my lady guest "only but the Englishman also, gagged and bound, on his bed. I instantly hurried to the yard. As I ran down the stairs I heard the stable- clock strike the quarter to 2 in the morning. My mistress was eager and agitated. _ The doctor (in attendance on her) was smiling to himself, like a man amused at his own thoughts. " Is Francis awake or asleep ?" Mrs. Fairbank enquired. "He has been a little restless, madam. But he is now quiet again. If he is not disturbed" (I added these' words to prevent her from ascending the stairs), " he will soon fall off into a quiet sleep." " Has nothing happened since I was here last 3' " Nothing, madam." The doctor lifted his eyebrows with a comical look of distress. "Alas, alas, Mrs. Fairbank?" he said. " Nothing has happened The days of romance are over I" "It is not 2 o'clock yet," my mistress answered, a little irritably. The smell of the stables was strong on the morning air. She put her handkerchief to her nose, and led the way out of the yard, by the north entrance the entrance communicating with the gardens and the house. I was ordered to follow her along with the doctor. Once out of the smell of the stables, she began to question me again. She was unwilling to believe that nothing had occurred in her absence. I invented the best answers I could think of, on the spur of the moment; and the doctor stood by laughing. So the minutes passed, till the clock struck 2. Upon that, Miss. Fairbank announced her intention of personally visiting the Englishman in his room. To my great relief, the doctor interfered to stop her from doing this. " You have heard that Francis is just falling asleep," he said. " If you enter his room you may disturb him. It is essential to the success of my experiment that he should have a good night's rest, and that he should own it himself before I tell him the truth. I must request, medically, madam, that you will not disturb the man." My mistress was unwilling to yield. For the next five minutes at least there was a warm discussion between the two. In the end Mrs. Fair- bank was obliged to give way? for the time. " In half an hour, she said, " Francis will either be sound asleep, or awake again. In half an hour, I shall come back." She took the doctor's arm. They returned together to the house. Left by myself, with half an hour before me, I resolved to take the Englishwoman back to the village then, returning to the stables, to remove the gag and the bindings from Francis, and to let him screech to his heart's content. What would his alarming the whole establishment matter to me? after I had got rid of the compromising presence of my guest Returning to the yard, I heard a sound like the creaking of an open door on its hinges. The gate of the north entrance I had just closed with my own hand. I went round to the west entrance at the back of the stables. It opened on a field crossed by two footpaths, in Mr. Fair- banks grounds. The nearest footpath led to the village, the other led to high road and the river. Arriving at the west entrance, I found the door open swinging to and fro slowly in the fresh morning breeze. I had myself locked and bolted that door after admitting my fair friend at 11 o'clock. A vague dread of something wrong stole its way into my mind. I hurried back to the stables. I looked into my own room. It was empty. I went to the harness room. Not a sign of the woman was there. I returned to my room, and approached the door of the Englishman's bed- chamber. Was it possible she had remained there during my absence ? An unaccountable reluctance- to open the door made me hesitate with my hand on the lock. I listened. There was not a sound inside. I called softly. There was no answer. I drew back a step, still hesitating. I noticed something dark, moving slowly in the crevice between the bottom of the door and the boarded floor. Snatching up the candle from the table, I held it low and looked. The dark, slowly-moving' object was a stream of blood! That horrid sight roused mc. I opened the door. The Englishman lay on his bed, alone in the room. He was stabbed in two places? in the throat and in the heart. The weapon was left in the second wound. It was a knife of English manufacture, with a bundle of buckhorn, as good as new, I instantly gave the alarm. Witnesses can speak to what followed, it is monstrous to suppose that I am guilty of the murder. I admit that I am capable of committing follies ; but I shrink from the bare idea of a crime. Besides, I had no motive for killing the man. The woman murdered him in my absence. The woman escaped by the west entrance while I was talking to my mistress. I have no more to say. I swear to you what I have here written is a true statement of all that happened on the morning of the first of March. Accept, sir, the assurance of my sentiments of profound gratitude and respect Joseph Rioobeiit. LAST LINES. Added by Pkboy Faikiiank. Tm ed for the murder of Francis Raven, Joseph Robert was found Not Guilty, the papers of the assassinated man presenting ample evidence of the deadly animosity felt towards him by his wife. The investigations pursued on the morning when the crime was committed, showed that the murderess, after leaving the stable, had taken the footpath which led to the river. The river was dragged without result. It remains doubtful to this day whether she died by drowning or not. The one thing certain is that Alicia AViirloek was never seen again. So beginning in mystery, ending in mystery the Bream Woman passes from your view. GhoSt, demon, or living human creature say for yourselves which she is. Or, knowing what un- fathomed wonders are wound you, what un- fathomed wonders are in you, let the wise words of the greatest of all poets be explanation enough : " We are such stuff As dreams are insult of, and our little life Is rounded with a alone." Till! Kim my sleep and the bed. own the The gto gifts. bank But bed" from into ast?" said, once in the "Had you, sir," said Henry Erskine to a dilatory carpenter, been there to build the neck, we should not have had the flood yet." "Din anything about the defendant strike your eye as remarkable I" asked the Judge of the plaintiff in a case of assault and buttery. " It did, your Honor." " And what was it?" continued the Judge, " His fist, yer honor." writes a sardonic grin, AVix poured some in- charge into his empty hair-oil bottle yesterday, and this morning the hair of one of the servant girls was stuck so tight that she could not shut her mouth. It has been thought that to turn the desert of Sahara into a sea would injuriously affect the climate of Southern Europe ; but M. Grace writes to the French Academy of Sciences that the evaporation might increase the rains, but would not otherwise affect the atmosphere, as the prevalent winds are independent of the physical condition of the Sahara. "Your Honor," said a prisoner to a Paris judge, " my lawyer is not here, and I request a delay of the case for eight days." " But," said the Judge, "you were caught in the act of theft; what can any lawyer say for you?" "That is just what I should like to hear," said the prisoner; and the Court laughed, but sentenced him to a year. One of the least flattering tributes overpaid to a rising young artist has been paid to a Cincinnatti dauber by a western critic:?" He possesses some merits' as an artist, but it is hard to say whether it lies in landscape or marine painting ; you never can tell his cows from his ships, except when they have their tails exalted, when the absence of spars betrays their character. Even then they may be mistaken for schooners scudding under bare poles." Ix Roxburghshire the foxes are so numerous that an Irishman remarked that he saw three sitting both together, only about twenty yards from each other. Some one wrote to Horace Greeley enquiring if guano was good to put on potatoes. He said it might do for those whose tastes had become vitiated with tobacco and rum, but he preferred gravy and butter. A singer, applying for an engagement, wrote to an impresario as follows: " I am a good muaihan, a plain music at first site." "Well," remarked the impresario to a friend, " she may play by note, but she certainly spells by ear." A Fisherman's Heaven Some of the inhabitants who attended church regularly, but who had never experienced a change of heart, had strange ideas of the future state, which was all the more remarkable as the genuine orthodox doctrine was preached to them every Sunday. A short distance north of the village was a small fishing hamlet, the inhabitants of which were known as " Grinders," and the most bitter rivalry existed between them and the fishermen of the village. They pursued their calling on the same ocean, braved the same dangers, and frequently, in storms, had to seek the same refuge; but the cloud of enmity that threw its shadow between them never for a moment seemed to lessen, but as time passed grew larger and blacker. During the herring season a fish similar in appearance to a shark, but no larger than a cod, known by the fishermen as a sea-dogs, made its appearance on the coast in great numbers, and committed dreadful ravages among the herrings, and literally destroying whole " schools," and frequently destroying them when a her they were caught in the nets. One of the fisher ' men, a regular attendant of the Presbyterian church, being on his deathbed, his friends, anxious for his future welfare, thought to ask him some questions in regard to his spiritual condition. " Wheel, Race, ye're dying ye ken ?" " Ay, Jamie, I'm game." "An" where d'ye expect t' gaut'I" "I dinna ken, Jamie, bit I wad like to turn into a sea-dog an' plunder the Grinders' nests." And thus he died.?" A Northumlcrlund Village," in the Atlantic Monthly. by the saving ordered out of action 3 that rented part of going. nek 2. 