ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Monday night Mr. Fairclough appeared as Hamlet. It is a careful performance, not striking in any part, here and there dull, and not of a kind to make a lasting im- pression upon the mind. Mr. Fairclough has adopted some new readings, which at any rate have the effect of imparting to the per- formance something of a scholarly quality. He sits while delivering the soliloquy, and that is certainly better than coming down to the footlights and telling it to the leader of the orchestra. Mr. Garner played the King. Mr. Garner is a very good actor in parts which suit his powers, but the King in "Hamlet" is so com- pletely out of his range, that it makes one angry with the management and sorry for Mr. Garner to see him so misplaced. Miss Juno's Queen is a gentle, kind, good- hearted queen, who never could by any chance have done anything naughty, and who could not possibly have known any- thing of her husband's wickedness, who married him out of compassion, and who did not deserve either to be bullied by her son or accidentally poisoned by her husband. Mr. Dampier's Ghost is a robust spirit, who has clearly not resided in damp and mouldy sepulchres, but who has kept up his robust- ness by haunting larders and wine-cellars. I am anxious to know why our old friend, Mr. Gladstone, who I am glad to see back again at the Royal, did not play Horatio? He has played Horatio so many scores of times at the Royal, that I thought he had acquired a sort of prescriptive right to play it there. What if he does always extend his right arm and hold his head on one side. I trust a Danish gentleman may do both of these and yet not cease to be a gentleman. It seemed a genuine case of usurpation to see Mr. Taylor in the part of Horatio. Mr. Bracy was entrusted with the respon- sible part of Guildenstern. Now Guilden- stern is a gentleman who does not say much, but who has to think a good deal, and I am bound to say Mr. Bracy had the air of a thoughtful man all through. Moreover, he dressed Guildenstern like a gentleman, which is more than the representatives of the character usually do. There is a young man in the Royal company who on this occasion played the part of the second actor. He tries very hard to make the most of the parts he plays, but his words come from him like little pellets blown through a peashooter. If somebody would take him in hand, and get him to speak like "your even Christian," it would be a kind- ness both to him and to the management. Mr. Greville has played the First Grave- digger so often, that there is nothing left to say about him. Of course he always amuses you. If he did not, he would no longer be Greville, and you would be the most un- reasonable of beings. And you may say pretty much the same thing of Mr. Leston, who played the second Grave-digger. The real interest attaching to this perform- ance of "Hamlet" on Monday night, how- ever, was the first appearance of Miss Carey in Melbourne in the character of Ophelia, Though there is not much to do in it, Ophelia is one of the most difficult of all the heroines of Shakspeare to play, for it requires to be presented in three distinct aspects, namely as the simple, artless girl, as the confederate in a plot against the man who loves her, and as the maniac. The two first of these phases do not, perhaps, offer any remarkable diff- culty. It is in the mad scene wherein the real difficulty lies. Generally it is either overdone or done too tamely. It requires a manner which may be best described as a dreamy abandon ; a sweet, gentle unreason ; a mind ruined, indeed, but overgrown with flowers. No episode in any character demands so completely the concealment of the art to make the real meaning of the character apparent. There should be the soft melody of madness so that Shakspeare very pro- perly associated music with this mad scene. If I were a manager, I would, in repre- senting this scene, have a noble room, with a large open window looking out upon the sea, with the sun sink- ing in the horizon. I would have plaintive music—pianissimo, of course—as if floating across the water, and it should be made to harmonise with the snatches of song sung by Ophelia. We have never had Thomas's opera of "Hamlet" done in Melbourne. so that I cannot tell how this scene is therein arranged. But they said, when the opera was done in London, that Nillsen's Ophelia made you forget every other character in the piece, and I can quite conceive this to be possible, for there is a world of poetry in the mad situation, if properly conceived and effi- ciently carried out. Now, I am sure Miss Carey has an honest desire to make the most of the part. She is certainly the likest to a Shakspearian Ophelia I have seen for many years. For the expression of tenderness, and for the absence of stage artifice, the character, in her hands, is quite remark- able. It is probable that she is not quite a free agent, so far as the adoption of the stage business is concerned. The tyranny of custom is no less absolute on the stage than off it, but I am satisfied that she is desirous of regarding the character from the point of intelligence and common sense, and more especially that she is conscious of the advantage to be gained, artistically, from contrast. Thus in the sudden transition of the tone of voice from tearfulness to gaiety, when singing those fragments of ballads which Shakspeare so happily puts into the mouth of Ophelia, she makes real music of it by means of this kind of expressiveness. Her exit in the first divi- sion of the mad scene is very touching in its pathos. It is generally done with a stride and a gesticulation, and an ad libitum repeti- tion of the phrase " my coach," which, as I need hardly say, is in the original not repeated, the passage concluding with "Good night, ladies; good night, sweet ladies ; good night, good night." Miss Carey, with excellent judgment, confines herself to this original rendering, and gets, accordingly, a much better effect than by going on in the old grooves. In short, she recog- nises the possibility of making this character the most effective and impressive of the many poetical creations which Shakspeare in his heroines has given to the world. On Tuesday the play was "Othello." I have already given my opinion of Mr. Fair- clough's Moor, and a second opportunity of seeing it does not change my opinion. It is in parts tame, and in parts violent, but in mo part of it does it convey to me any hint of the intensity of passion. Mr. Dampier's Iago is a most disappointing performance. I looked for a good Iago from Mr. Dampier, but I found little else than loudness. It showed none of the subtlety of the character, none of the determined ma- lignity masked by "fairest show" in the presence of those whom it is his purpose to deceive. There was much sound, and occa- sionally some fury, but in each case it signified nothing. Mr. Appleton played Cassio on the occasion, and played it with intelligence and with that sort of indepen- dence which went to show that he had formed his own estimate of the character. For once Roderigo was not played by the low comedian, and for once Roderigo was dressed so as to look like a Venetian " blood" of the period, who recognises the value of good tailoring in helping him in his "unlawful solicitation" of Desdemona. Mr. Bracy, perhaps, was just a little nervous in his delivery of the words, but perhaps the part was new to him. Cer- tainly he indulged in no low comedy expedi- ents. Nevertheless, the gods laughed, as is their custom, when he was killed, although he was exceedingly careful to avoid provok- ing any of the mistimed jocularity in which gods and groundlings think it necessary to indulge, at the death-agony of this, in reality to be pitied, young man. And speak- ing of this scene, prompts me to go back to Mr. Dampier, who introduced a little new business, which struck me as very happy under the circumstances. I have often thought it singular that when Iago has the opportunity, he does not stab Cassio as well as Roderigo. They are both lying on the ground, and are equally at his mercy; but nevertheless he stabs Roderigo only. Mr. Dampier has apparently perceived this de- ficiency in the details of the situation, so when he has given Roderigo his quietus, he draws his dagger, and is approaching Cassio from behind to stab him too, but the en- trance of Ludovico and others prevents him putting his purpose into execution. The in- troduction of this business is much to Mr. Damper's credit, whether he invented it or adopted it. We all know how pleasantly Miss Juno can play Emilia, and her bright kind manner was as agreeably obvious on this occasion as it always has been. But she gave the whip speech with an energy and a reality of indig- nation that surprised those who might have credited her with ability in the direction of feminine softness only. It Is 12 months since Miss Carey played Desdernona, and it was during the first en- agement of Mr. Fairclough. I then re- marked that on the second of the two oc- casions in which he appeared in it, she did so to much greater advantage than on the first. Her present performance of it comes still more closely to the standard of ideal excellence. She realises the entire purity and openness of the character. Des- demona has nothing to conceal. As she suspects nobody, she cannot conceive of any-- body suspecting her. This estimate of the character furnishes the key to its exposition, and this exposition Miss Carey has adopted. There is more of homogeneity about Desde- mona than Ophelia, and therefore more con- sistency. To the end she is trusting, con- fident and unsuspecting, and her death is in the nature of a sacrifice to absolute purity. Miss Carey is more and more approaching the accomplishment of such representation. It need hardly be said that it is in acting, as in painting, that not all at once is a picture produced in every one of its particulars per- fect. A painter goes again and again to his work ; he touches and re-touches his figures. He softens, or he glazes, or he heightens, or he tones down, until he brings them within the compass of harmonious compliance. And this practice of elaboration infers no sort of impretation of incapacity, because a fastidiousness as to the excellence is a chara- cteristic of all art-workers. no matter what the kind of art in which they are engaged. So that if the Desdemona, as at present given by Miss Carey, is different from the version first offered, it is all the more to her credit that she has not been content with a mere study, but has gone on to a finished picture. Manifestly she is on the right track for suc- cess. She has only to let her motto be " Excelsior," and she is sure of her object. Her faults, which are all on the surface, are curable; her capabilities, which are inherent, are without limit extensible. On Wednesday "The Stranger" was per- formed, and on Thursday "The Lady of Lyons." Mr. Fairclough's Claude may be described as the most second-hand version of the character we have ever had in Mel- bourne, both in conception, in acting, and in dressing. Miss Juno's Pauline is the personi- fication of pleasantness. Last night was to be Miss Juno's benefit, and she was to play Portia and Katherine. It must not be forgotten that Mr. Ireland's benefit is to take place on Tuesday. There will be much to be said about the injustice of not allowing him to play a principal part on the occasion, but that will come after. I hope, nevertheless, the house will be filled. Miss Lizzie Watson is back again at St. George's Hall—this time in association with the Combination Company. In her own way Miss Watson has a great deal of ex- cellence, but in order to be properly esti- mated she must be considered from the Lizzie Watson standpoint. For instance, I suppose it is not usual for a lady to engage in the game of leap-frog, but if it had been usual, it would he con- fessed that Miss Watson is as good at it as anyone could wish. Mr. Louis Braham is also back again, this time as a "comique." His comiquism is not so good as the vocalism which constituted his eligibilty as a member of a minstrel company. The De Castro children are more wonderfully clever than any juvenile acrobats we have ever had in Melbourne. Mademoiselle Montebello is an excellent actress wasted. The exaggerations considered necessary in concert-hall practice have spoiled a voice once probably sympa- thetically sweet. But a face with such a potency of expression could not but have been originally associated with dramatic power. The Christian Concert Company were at Albury last Thursday week, and according to the Murray and Hume Times, gave unlimited satisfaction. Miss Christian's Scottish bal- lads especially were warmly commended, and the Sisters Navaro are described as having "delighted the audience." They left for Wagga Wagga on Saturday. Some delay has taken place in the arrange- ments made for conveying Mr. Lazar's com- pany to Adelaide. They are by this time there, or en route. Mrs. Steele will, I believe, open in " Black Sheep." in that wonder- fully effective piece of acting, Harriet Routh. News from New Zealand is to the effect that the Albion Company at the Princess's Theatre, Dunedin, was enjoying a gratifying prosperity. The bills announce Miss Hattie Shepparde as "stage directress." From New Zealand, too, has come the subjoined letter:— TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. . Sir,—My attention has been called by Mr. Wilson, proprietor of the New Zealand Herald, to the following paragraph: — " A correspondent has written from Auck- land to The Australasian in the following evidently spiteful strain:—'The Gourlay Family came amongst us about three months ago, with an exhibition of curiosities, but people got tired of that and they had to introduce a "Scotch dwarf" and do the everlasting "Mrs. McGregor's Levee" in order to pay expenses.' Considering that Mr. Gourlay 'did'. Auckland for four months. and, to our knowledge cleared between £500 and £600 in that time, the 'people got tired' to a pretty, as well as to a pleasant tune for the Gourlays."—New Zealand Herald, Feb, 7. Your Auckland correspondent states what is not true. The Gourlays' last visit to Auckland was highly successful in every point. I need only say we had a four months' season to convince you that your correspondent who has no regard for truth, and vents his spleen in such an underhand manner, is not fit to contribute to such a valuable paper as The Australasian. By in- serting these few lines you will much oblige yours truly, M. CORBET, Manager Gourlay Entertainments. Napier, Feb. 28. To which I can only reply that, as the in- formation came from an apparently reliable source, I made use of it without question. Those whom it may have influenced will therefore he good enough to correct their unfavourable impressions accordingly. TAHITE. 