THE MUSICAL UNION. I ,Ab wo ventured .to predict would.be the ease) the ptoduotion of Mentieibodhli'B Bilperb oratorio ''Eft.Pdul' last nightnt theSohool of Artsproved & most complote succesB. Tho Musical Union and its conductor are entitled to the highest praiso for the manner in which they hare pro Uuoett a work of such magnitude. The Union is to bo congratulated on having such a thoroughly efficient conductor os Mr. Jefferies, ,who in turn may congratulate himself that his ,corps has shown suoh a strong determination ,to . encourage him by its efforts to master SntrioaoJes and diffioul.tieo which it would Bave b'e'e'n supposed would havo been far beyond sh'b power of any body of musicians to be found in Brisbane. The performance last night went ofF without a hitch, cvory department — choir, band, and soloists, showing an immense advance on their previous status. There was a breadth and power about the ohorusps which left abso lutely nothing to desire ; and equal praiso must be given to the band for the satisfactory manner in which the exceedingly difficult accompani ments were executed. There was a crisp ness aud eteadiness seldom found irt orchestras composed almost entirely of' f-.-teurs. This slate oF things is the more remarkable and satisfactory from the fact that last night's concert has hud a shorter time for preparation than any of its predecessors here. Equally noticeable was theimprovemontaniongst tho soloists, one very groat, and, at tho same time, very usual source of failure being absent. ' Nervousness last night was conspicuous by its absence. This department (boIo) is mostly a stumbling block with sooieties like the one Bnder notice. No amatours can possibly Be erpcoted to compete with profeasionalsj mdre «8pecially in producing tho volume of sound which is necessary when in connection with power ful thortises and orchestral accompaniments. It is the more creditable', therefore, to me , ladies and gentlemen engaged on the 'decision under notion; to be able to give them nearly unqualified praiso for tho way in which they got through their very trying self-imposed task. The argument of St. Paul is a simple one, and far from drama tic. The incidents contained in the ' plot,' if it may be so called, inqlude the accusation of bjasphemy against St. Stephen, hiB trial, and subsequent stoning to death. After Stephen's snartyrdom devout men carry him to burial. Saul, vho is a willing spectator of the martyr dom, continUeo his persecution of tho Christian Church, until struck with blind Mesa from heaven, while tin his way to Damascus, to which place his companions lead him by the hand. His bitter repentance follows. Ananias being sent by God to restore ' his sight, he is baptised, and becomes a preache^ of the Christian doctrine. In the second part, SanI, now called Puul, preaches before the congregation. Paul and Barnabas ?are chosen by the Holy Ghost to spread the u'ospel abroad. The Jews becomo envious and ?«0nsult tow they may kill Paul, and he and Barnabas turn from the Jews and preach to the Gentiles. Paul cures a cripple at Lystra by a miraole j and the spectators look on him and Barnabas as gods descended from Heaven, and call them Jupiter and Mercurius, aud wish to offer sacrifices to them, but are rebuked by the apofitles. The multitude become angry, and accuse them of speaking aguinst Jehovah's Temple, and threaten them with stoning. Paul communicates to tho Elders of Ephesus his intention of going to Jerusalem to preach the word, and that they will see his face no more. The Elders weep, but Paul prays them not to break his beart by their tears, and expresses his readiness to die for the Lord, and takes his leave at the ship. The overture, a rather difficult pieoe of instrumenta tion, was executed by the band in such a manner as at once to put every one, both per formers _ and. audience, quite at his ease, and from this moment the success of the oratorio was assured. The feeling being fully confirmed by the superb rendering of the chorus immediately following, ' Lord, Thou alone art God.' Very marked is the change from tho chorus conclud ing fortissimo to the following chorale, 'To God on high,' which was given pianissimo. Another grand chorus in the first part is that in the 5th number, ' Now this man oeaseth not,' containing the denunciation of Stephen, the tenors making themselves better heard than . at any previous concert. The recitative and chorus, ' Take him away,' is a very dramatic pieoe of writing, the tenor solo being sung with great taste. The gem of this part is de cidedly the solo for soprano, ' Jerusalem ! thou that tillesfc the prophets.' The air was sung with charming tnste by Mrs. Wilkie, who was never in better voice, and whoBe style is much improved. The dolicious accom paniment wbb very well played by the orchestra. , The really wonderful ohorus ' Stone him to death ' went remarkably well. The musio is thoroughly descriptive, and the effect of the orchestral accompaniment is of a curiously weird character, giving full effect to tho oruelty of the words. The whole choruB conveys the complete idea of a brutal and bloodthirsty mob. Again a strong contrast is afforded bv the recitative (very nicely Bung) which follows', containing Stephen's beautifully told death, ' And when he had Baid this, ho fell asleep,' and the chorale 'To Thee, O Lord,' a crescendo passage, giving a declamatory effect to the words, 'In Thee I live, in Thee I ?die.' The ohorus, ' Happy and blest,' con tains a delightfully soothing melody, with a flowing accompaniment whioh wbb played with great finish by the orchestra, who in this numberreapedtbeprincipalBhare of the honours. This nnmber also oontains a beautiful pianis simo unaccompanied passage for the four parts The gentlemen who took the recitative (tenor) and boIo (bass), in tho 12th number, acquitted themselves satisfactorily. The recitative and air 'Consume them all,' were well sung by the singers engaged (tenor and basB), the air espo cially being finely rendered. The hut singer aho appeared to great advantage in the air. ' Oh God have mercy.' Considerable applause was accorded to the singer of tho deeply religious reoitative and air, ' But tho Lord is mindful of His own.' This lady has a voioe of great riiflmesB and purity, and like many of her com panions has considerably improved since her last appearance. Our space will only allow of par ticular mention of a few of the remaining num bers in the fir'Bt part. ' Eise up, arise ' con tains some wonderfully stirring musio, both -br voices and orchestra. The gentleman (tenor) wlio took the reoitative, No. 17, sang with great animation, his reading- being a very careful one. Praiee is also due to tho Binger (bass) of the solo ' I'll praise Thee, O Lord,' which leads to tho fine chorus ' Tho Lord He is good.' No. 21 in this part, a reoitative for Boprano, and No. 27 in the second part, a rooitative and arioso, gave on opportunity to the singer (soprano) to show tho great stride she has made in her art. This lady's reoitatives were admirably given, tho 'Jlear enunciation of the words being par ticularly noticeable. The first part in brought to a fitting conclusion by a beautiful ohorus, full of religious feeling — a true hymn of praise. The second part contains many exquisite numbers, one of the most taking bejn'f the ohorus (No. 26) 'How lovely are the mes! BengersP' The musio running through tho' whole number is of an exceedingly quaint charac ter, reminding the heaver of pome old Eliza bethan ' tune,' tho orchestral accompaniment forming a most appropriate setting. A graml obofus. full of fire, is 'This is Jehovah's Tern plo (No. 37). A prominent gem in thu part is the tenor air, 'Be thou faith ful, whioh -was capitally sung, and with an obligato accompaniment for Hie violon cello, admirably executed by Mr. Quin. The roiiitativqi ;' -Ana] though .He be Offered,' admits of pfili3Bior its dttrefttl rendering .by a Indy^ (soprano), who showed to advantage in ah earlier number in this part. Tho final chorus, 'Not only unto Him,' 1b the most ineffective in tho oratorio, and hardly brings tho work to as satisfactory a conclusion as might be wished, koeping in romembrance the many grand ohorusos which precede it. The oratorio throughout wns admirably conducted by Mr. Jefferics ; Madamo Mallalieu at tho piano, and Mr. Atkinson nt the harmonium rendering most efficient aid. The hull was crowded in every part by a most appreciative audience— the cen tral pdi'tidn being reserved, for His Excellency the Governor, tho Marchioness of Noriftanby and suite, who on entering, as well as at their departure, were received with ' God Save tho Queen.' 