BYGONE DAYS IN DEVONSHIRE AND CORNWALL. Thebe are probably no counties in , England so rich in folk-lore, in quaint j customs, and in wild and weird legends ! as are Devonshire and Corn wall. Moorlands, secluded glens, broken cliffs, and outlying country districts are peculiarly favourable to the fancies, and fjibles of the uncultivated imagi nation. Before the light of education and advancing intelligence the crudi ties of ignorance ami superstition are destined to vanish away. Wise and thoughtful people will not regret their vanishing, yet the curious will like to retaiii some record of them. A sort of antiquarian interest also attaches to the superstitions, the odd customs, and the legendary tales of the past. According to the superstition preva lent with the lower orders, the efficacy of all* charms is destroyed when they are recorded in print. It seems these charms are handed down from the father to the daughter, or from mother son. One for a scald or burn is thus worded— There were thre° angels came from the East and West; One brought fire aad another ■ brought frost, And the third, it was the Holy Ghost. Out fire, 10 frost, in the name of the Father, of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost., Amen. The Pall Mall Gazette of November 23, 1868, had the following curious paragraph relative to this charm:— " The child of a Devonshire labourer died from scalds caused by it turning over a saucepan. At .the inquest, the following strange evidence was given by & nn Manley, a witness: ' I am the wife of James Mauley, labourer. 1 met Sarah Shephard about nine o'clock on Thursday coming on the road with her child in her arms wrapt in the tail of her frock. She said her child* was scalded; then I charmed it as I charmed it before when a stone bopped out of the fire last Honiton fair and scalded its eye. I charmed it in the road ; I charmed it by saying to my self, ' There was (sic) t wo angels come trom the North ; one of them being fire, and the other frost. In frost, out fire, etc '' I repeat this three times: this is good for a scald—1 can't say "it is good for anything else. Old John Sparway told me this charm many years ago. A mau may tell a woman the charm, or a woman may tell a man; but if a woman tells a woman, or a man aman, I consider it won't do any good at all.'" A Melancholy- Tale.—The Armi dale Chronicle relates the following: A melancholy tale comes to us. from Mr. Hargrave's station at Hillgrove. A poor old shepherd came souae little vtiino ago into Arinidale, and in con versation with a gentleman stated that he was sent out to this colony years ago for striking a man on the head with a candlestick. On further ques tioning as to whether Ire had any relatives, the poor old man burst out crying and stated that he had left a wife and four children, and then spoke of them with all the dotingness of a fond parent. The gentleman he spoke to promised to write home to Ireland and try and tind out if any of his relatives were living; and he ulti mately received an answer from, a prominent merchant in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, stating that the writer was one of the sons oi- the old shepherd, and that all the others were in highly respectable situations in America, arid would be only too glad to receive their old father home again. Of course, no time was lost in communicating with them; and b}> this California!! Mail at present ex pected will arrive the remittance, with the hopes of carrying the old man home. It will arrive too late. He was taken with a fit, and died a day or two ago. A New Opera.—The Graphic says: —" La Causa Ticciborni" is announced by a musical contemporary to be the title <3f a forthcoming opera at Naples. The sensitive ears of the Italians, how ever' required that the English names of this world-famed trial shoulu be rendered somewhat more euphonious in order to suit the music. Thus we have in the cast Sir Ruggiero Ticci borni and Arturo Ortone, rival heroes ; Oaterina Dauti, beloved by both; Sir Radicaliffo, a cavalier who marries the heroine; and subsidiary characters, Boghill, Pittendri, and Uolli, as the honorable member for Peterborough is called ; the zealous counsel for the i defence is fairly rendered as II Dottore ! Chinelli; but the Lord Chief J ustice j would hardly know himself as li Lord I Capo di Giustizia Sir Cochiborno. j 