CHRIST-CHURCH PETRIE TERRACE. The ceremony of laying the corner stone of . this edifice was perfomed by Mrs. Tufnell, on Saturday afternoon, at o o'clock. There were between 200 and 300 spectators present, and the interest in the proceedings was greatly enhanced by the attendance of the choirs ot different city churches, which rendered the singing of the different psalms and hymns very pleasing and effective. The proceedings woro commenced by the choristers marching from the church at present in use in the Cemetery to the site of the proposed now edifice, singing the hymn, ' Onward, Cristian Soldiors.' On their arrival, everything was placed in order for the laying of the stone. . The Rev. Mr. Jones read the following inscription, written on parchment: — 'In the name of the Father, Son;, and Holy Ghost, this corner stone of Christ Church was laid by Mrs. Tufnell ; His Excellency the Most Noble Augustus Constantine, Marquis of Nor- nianby, Governor of the colony of Queensland; the Right Rev. Father in God, Edward Wynd- ham Tufnell, D.D., by Divine permission Bishop of Brisbane: on the 21st day of February, in the year of our Lord, 1874, being the thirty- ninth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria." , After which, the Bishop, the Rev. Mr. Black, and the Church Committee signed it, when it was placed by the architect (Mr. Suter), together with a copy of the Telegraph newspaper and a tracing of the proposed building, in a cavity under the stone. The Bishop having read the forms of prayer, which were printed in pamphlet form for the occasion, the choirs sang the 84th Psalm, Mrs. Tufnell, assisted by the architect then laid the stone, saying, as she did so, — " In the faith of Jesus Christ we placed this corner stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After the singing of another psalm, and after several other prayers having been offered up, the Bishop invited those present to place their offerings on the stone, which, with the sums handed in by the collectors, the £50 promised by the Bishop, and a donation of £10 from Mrs. Tuffnel, amounted to £131 12s. 7d. The Bishop then made a short address, stating that he was thankful he had been permitted, before leaving the colony, to take part in this important cere- mony, and it was an event to which both himself and Mrs. Tufnell would look back with pleasure. He said this church, when finished, would supply a want long felt, and would be of great benefit to a large number of people living around Milton and Petrie Terrace. It was very gratifying to witness new churches thus springing up in our midst, as well us the older ones being enlarged, and he trusted that those who had taken the matter in hand would persevere in their good work until it was completed, when they would then be able to assist others in doing the same. They were all members of one great Christian brotherhood, and should do all they could to help one another. His Lord- ship, in the course of his address, referred to the enlargement of St. John's, All Saints', and Kangaroo Point Churches, also to the number of churches springing up within easy distance of Brisbane, such as Lut- wyche, Oxley, &c.;, and concluded by asking them all, not only to assist by their alms, but to make the success of the undertaking the subject of their heartfelt and earnest prayers. After the singing of an appropriate hymn, the bishop pronounced the benediction. The trowel used in tho ceremony was presentcd to Mrs. Tufnell by Mr. Lawry on behalf of the church committee, after which the company dispersed. Plans were exhibited of the proposed building, which is to be of stone, with an open timbered roof and a circular chancel. Its dimensions will be ninety-five feet by fifty- four feet, and when finished it will be capable of accommodating 400 persons. It is to be erected in a very central position, the site chosen being on the high ground just out- side the present Church of England cemetery. When finished it will cost about £1,500, but we believe it is only proposed to build a portion at present. During the afternoon the children attending the Church of England Sunday-school were given a treat in an adjacent paddock (lent by Mr. T. Dowse for the occasion); where they enjoyed themselves until called upon to take part in the ceremony. 