"RITUALISM." (TO THE EDITOR OF THE WALLAROO TIMES>) SIR,—Having been several days absent from the Peninsula, I have had no oppor- tunity till now of critically examining the Rev. J. L. Parsons' last letter I crave space for a few comments thereon. I trust your readers will bear in mind the prime subject of controversy between us was Mr Parsons' statement "it was an assertion on the part of the priest that without his mediation there could he no salvation." I took excep- tion to this on two grounds: one, a supposi- tious case (yet unanswered), the other on the wherein the mediation of the priest is totally excluded." As Mr Parsons concedes this point, I conclude he will not without con- siderable modification make the statement again. So far, then, the controversy ends,. and I should be unwilling to renew it, were it not that in order to divert public attention from his evident defeat Mr Parsons raises entirely fresh issues having no bearing what ever upon the question. Thus, whether our Bishops have, or have not the power of making priests, affects not the matter. It should he sufficient for the present that millions believe they possess that power, and think they have good grounds for their belief. Your readers will remember my former remarks were "assuming for the sake of argument that the Church of England view regarding the sacraments is true—then it follows that duly qualified and lawfully appointed ministers are necessary in order to their administration," (for with us no layman can administer the Lord's Supper), and there- fore, and in this sense the necessity for the priest. I had no idea Mr Parsons would avail himself of this illustration as an opportunity for at- tacking the validity of English orders. The power of consecrating the elements, and of exercising the office generally, is conveyed by our Bishops to those the prayer-book calls priests. Mr Parsons may call them earls, presbyters—or anything else he likes— I care not for terms—they affect not the argument one whit. Moreover, my friend must excuse me if I decline a controversy on this head. What was decided before one word of the Holy Scriptures (N.T.) he so eloquently quotes, was written—and what has been handed down by the consentient testimony of albut universal Christendom for well-nigh nineteen centuries, is scarcely open to question in the year of grace in which we live. I might ask, upon what authority does Mr Parsons accept the canonicty (sic) of the Scriptures he appeals to, if not upon the authority of those who hold the indispensa- bility of the priestly office in the Church catcholic (sic) ? For Mr Parsons to use the term "priestly assumption," in relation to such a matter is, therefore, wholly out of place. I might question the validity of my friend's call to the ministerial office,and might think it an "assumption;" but I would not so offend against good taste by publicly stating so unless such subject formed the immediate cause of dispute. The second paragraph likewise betrays weakness. My friend queerly enough asks "Has Mr Taplin been crucified for those to whom he considers he has been the channel of grace, or for whom he has mediated in the office of priest ?" This is a most extraordinary question. A stranger "not in the height of midsummer madness" would be very apt to imagine that I had been contending for an undue recognition of the power of the priest- hood. I trust your readers, will not lose sight of the fact that it is against the notion of undue priestly mediation which Mr Parsons insists upon attaching to the Anglican Clergy the whole of my argument on this question has been directed ! ! To the question "How then can any one in the possesion (sic) of his senses suppose that priestly mediation could be put in the place of Christ crucified ?" My answer is—'that is the exact idea his words sought to be conveyed: it certainly is what 99 out of every hundred would arrive at did they believe Mr Parsons' statement, not perhaps, in the constrained sense now applied by him; but in sense of hiding Christ's merits behind those of the priest. But, sir, why friend offended at the Church of England doctrine of sacramentsl grace, or what is more to the point, the necessity of the priest as a medium in order to convey that grace ? Surely be would think his ministry a very barren one did he not believe he had been a blessing as an instrument of God, as a channel of grace to many a sinning child of Adam ! Why does he preach the gospel ? Why is be instant in season, out of season, in condemning vice—rebuking the wilful sinner—-assuring the penitent of God's pardon and forgiveness, and a hundred other things, all of which I suppose (unless as in other cases when I have referred to his church polity I am again, wrong) fall within the scope of his ministerial duty. Why does he all this if he believes and hopes not that God the Holy Ghost is with him directing and sanctifying his every work to God's great purposes, the salvation of mankind ? Is he not in this sense a channel of grace to his people, or to use his own phraseology. Is he not "the pipe which connects the house with the reservoir ?" And can he be so ungenerous as to deny to others what, doubtless, he would claim for himself ? Were any clergyman in my church to deny the power of the Holy Spirit* as accompanying, the work of others for good outside his own Church, howsoever crudely done, and howsoever he may contend for apostolic practice and a direct apostolic line as giving due and only lawful authority to his ministrations, I would cease to call him brother ! My friend further argues:— "Christ bids every soul come to him per- sonally. He says 'Come to me ;' not come to me by means of a priest or by means of sacraments." He surely forgets that every word of this—if his line of argument be cor- rect—reflects upon himself and his own minis- trations. If Christ did not say 'Come to me by means of a priest and sacraments," he certainly did not say 'Come to me by means of a Baptist minister,' Where then is my friend's place in the ecclesiastical ladder ? Wherefore preach ? Wherefore baptize ? In the next paragraph Mr Parsons tells us that having been brought up in the Church he was aware of the rubric which forbade the burial service being used over persons dying unbaptized, "but men are often better than their creeds and better than their rubrics too ;" yet in the face of this knowledge he tells us in a former epistle "I could name dozens of Priests, Anglican Priests, who have refused to bury an unbaptized infant." Is not this offering a premium for infidelity— dishonesty and untruthfulness ? Those who carry out their vows incur my friend's dis- pleasure ! Those who break them (thank God I know of none such) are tacitly praised ! Mr Parsons says logic sends people to hell. Well ! I knew logic did a great deal, but this is new to me ! Because the Church does not pronounce people dying unbaptized saved—ergo they must be damned ! "When will my friend understand that when I the Word of God does not pronounce the sentence of condemnation the Church does not ! Mr Parsons devoutly thanks God he is de- livered from the desolation of the heartless creed of the Church of England. Whether it be more heartless to bring young children to Holy Baptism—Christ's own ordinance— whereby they are made children of God by adoption and grace—and by an act of disci- pline requiring a solemn promise from those who bring them that the said children shall be brought in the fear and nurture of the Lord ; or for the children to be left, as far as the Church is concerned, to the influence of world, the flesh and the devil, until they are old enough to be convetted (sic), perhaps your readers will decide for themselves. The fol- lowing lines illustrate the chief article in the Creed of the Church of England, the desola- tion and heartlessness of which my friend thanks God he is delivered from:—Hymn 317, Church of England Hymnal,— 'I heard the voice of Jesus say— "Come unto me and rest; Lay down thou weary one, lay down Thy head upon my breast." I came to Jesus as I was, Weary and worn and sad ; I found in him a resting-place, And he has made me glad. . I heard the voice of Jesus say— "Behold I freely give The living water, thirsty one, Stoop down, and drink and live" I came to Jesus, and I drank Of that life-giving stream ; My thirst was quenched, my soul revived, And now I live in him. . 'I heard the voice of Jesus say— "I am this dark worlds light; Look unto me, thy morn shall rise And all thy day be bright :" I looked to Jesus and I found In him my star my sun, And in that light of life I'll walk Till travelling days are done. So much for the desolation of the "heartless" creed of the Church of Eng- land ! Against my friend's quotation of the Scottish mothers appeal,—"If I thought that for any ill of mine, God would send to hell any puir (sic) innocent bairn, I would never call Him Father mair (sic)." Touching and pathetic though it be, I must place the following;— "For I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, and visit the sins of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me."—2nd Com. Mr Parsons is somewhat viate (sic) because I have designated him "and his class" as dis- senters and nonconformists. I sincerely apologize to him and all who may take of- fence thereat. I beg, however, to assure you Sir, I had no intention of hurting anyones' feelings by using that term. I have too lively a regard for my own to be unmindful of the feelings of others. I have felt myself in a difficulty when wishing to use a collective term to designate those, bodies of Christians usually denominated dissenters, or non-con- formists. Did we use the term "Catholic" as of ourselves (which by the way is our legi- timate designation—"I believe in the Holy Catholic Church," &c.;) and surrender to them the term "Protestant"—then they would say we were going to Rome—and I don't alto- gether like giving up the name "Protestant,'' being one myself in a certain sense. Will ultra-protestant do ? If not I delegate the duty to Mr Parsons—perhaps he can find a term which will meet the case, and I pledge myself to use it if he succeeds—I once more subscribe myself. —Sir, &c.; C. GOODENOUGH TAPLIN. The Parsonage, Wallaroo, June 27, 1874. *"Fronde's Remains," before quoted by my rev. friend, which denies this, I know nothing of. I should be glad to read it if Mr Parsons has it. It is not mentioned in "Bibliotheca Sacerdotalis." I should think it is altogether an outside work. 