MULTUM IN PARVO. Tho late proprietor of tho 1'umut and Adelong Times bid faro- well to liia readers in last Saturdays's issue ot that journal. Mr. iloiklns, a Melbourno solicitor, advertises in tho news papers Ids foes for every description of legal proceedings. Henry Foster (in tho Southern Argus published at Strathalbyn, S.A.) advertises " Que old colonial port at 2s. (3d. per gallon ! " Says Daubury : Everybody must havo taken down the family bible on last Sunday. The dust was intolerable. It is now rumoured that Mr. Fosberry is likely to succeed tlio late Mr. M'Lerio as Inspector-General oi Police. Adelong Is going in for municipal institutions. Mr. Gibbes, solicitor, lias prepared a petition for tbe incorporation of the town of Adelong ; and has already obtained upwards of the requisite number of signatures. - -Gundagai Times. Tho total revenue ot tne colony oi victoria lor the past twelve months was 4,002,4301. , which is larger than that of lien- mark, tVurtcmberg, Saxony, Greece, or Switzerland, and very nearly equal to tiiat oi Portugal or Sweden. Tho Princess ot Wales has persuaded her mother-in-law to allow her to wear the Koliinoor occasionally, in order to teach the Duchess ot Edinburgh her place, and convince her that her new Ceylon sapphire isn't much, after all.— -Boston Globe. The Government Gazette contains copies ot despatches with reference to the practice of sending men to India from Aus tralla in charge of horsos without providing for their return. The Government of India justly objects to the practice, and is hopeful that the colonial authorities will tako such steps as may lead to its discontinuance. Some " heathen Clrinoe " of a contractor has been doing our astute Government railway authorities. A large quantity of tbe single-headed seventy-pound rails intended for the Wagga Wagga southern extension, nre likely to turn out worthless. Some of them were laid at Newcastle, but wero crushed to pieces, and had to bo taken np after two months' wear.— Evening Post. Mr. Justico Lllley (of Queensland) has thus given vent to his views on insolvency Jurisdiction He thought creditors should not throw on the Court tho whole burden of administering the Act and ordering criminal proceedings. It might bo that where thore were no assets to divide, they did not think it worth while proving their debts, but he thought, where, there was a case of . gross misconduct, crcditors ought' to show aonie interest in the , administration oi the law and in' the punishment of blenders. The leading actresses at tlio Opera House, Melbourne, quarrelled in earnest last week in the quarrel scone of tlio " Fille de Madame Angot," and went to such extremes that tliey toro each other's caps, and went into hysterics. " Atticus " says that another Melbourno bank clerk lias made an unostentatious exit, nut because lie had tampered with tlio moneys entrusted to him, hut through a matter of costumo. The ottlcials objected to ills sporting a velvet coat ; the clerk insisted oil ids right to wear what ho liked. Tlio manager was obdurate ; tiie clerk was obstinate. Tills Is how the South Australian Presbyterians are doing it : — "Narracoorte Art-Union, for tlio henelltof the' Narraeoorto Presbyterian Church. 0000 members at El cacii. First prize, sterling silver dinner service complete, or £1000 guaranteed, £1200 ; second ditto ditto, £200 : third ditto ditto, £200 ; fourth ditto ditto, £100— in all 500 prizes, value 1240!." J. J., who writes for tlio Western Independent, is tho author ot tlio following quartette :— what's his iik an d ? "That's old Swipes, the squatter, who owns many stations, And down here in Bathurst enjoys his potatioii3 ; Ho lias thousands of sheep, as everyone knows — " " Pray how does ho brand ? " "Brand ? E, on tho nose." The Cunnamuna correspondent of tho Queenslander thus writes :— Delolah Jemmy, tho supposed murderer of young Stacoy, whom tho Yo-Yo native pollco were detached to arrest, succeeded in eluding their vigllanco. He was sighted on tlio banks ot the AVarrego, into which ho dived, and so for tlio present lias escaped. More will be heard of this miscreant if his capture is not soon effected. He is a ferocious savage, a terror to his own tribe, and likewise to swagsmen travelling up or down the river. AVe can't help giving A. G. a cheap advertisement :— Matri mony. — A young man, tired oi bachelor life, a teetotaler, of good moral habits, aud winning appcaranco, wishes to scttlo down, if lie can And a sweet-tempered and well educated young lady, not afraid of soiling licr cull's. If she lias money, so much tho better. Personal appearance and ago no object, as lie pre fers tlio beauties of tho mind to tlio beauties of the form. Tho Protestant religion preferred. Tho advertiser is well connected and may with a little good luck come into a considerable com petency. Cartes dc visitc exchanged. All communications strictly confidential. Apply to A. G., Halfway House, Rand- wick. Tho ca30 of seduction, or something moro, in which n book maker and a barmaid are concerned, promises some revelations of barmaid life in Melbourne when it como before the police court. Tho Herald describes the caso as follows : — " Tlio indi vidual referred to went to a hotel not 100 miles from Melbourno and engaged a bed for the night. At about two o'clock in tho morning lie arose and knocked nt the door oi one of tlio bar maids— a rclativo of his own, by tho way— and satd, ' Get up ; one of your relations is dangerously ill.' The girl got up and unlocked the door, when the man rushed in and committed tho olTcnco with which he is charged." Everybody knows nil about tlio trial. Bardwol! v. Pickwick Before that trial fairly began, a juryman asked to bo let off on the plea that he was a chemist, and had no assistant except a boy, who had confused notions regarding tlio difference between oxalic acid and Epsom salts, syrtip ot senna and laudanum. At a recent trial held in one oi the Melbourne suburbs, something took placo that reminded one of tlio Pickwick trial. A jury man did not turn up until the inquest was over, and when asked by the coroner to explain the reason for his absence, said, " Your worship, if I had como hero beforo, you would liavo had another job to- morrow ; I've a Sour mill witli a steam-engine in it, and as there was no one to tend it, thero might have been a burst if I had left it by itself." The magistrate did not sco any point tn the story about tho ongine, and fined tho miller II. — .Daily Telegraph. Tho following letter to the Waka Maori ( Gazette), contains an admirable hint to subscribers to newspapers : — " YVlianga- poua, 22nd June, IS74. Greeting : 1 hear that 10s. i3 tho sum payablo per year for tho Waka Maori, and that you duly notify in the H'aia that tho money must he paid in advance, and that the Waka will afterwards bo seat. You are a prudent and cautious man, my friend, but doubtless you arc right ; some of tho young men might cheat you. Adhere to that prin ciple, ' the monoy first, and tho Waka afterwards,' and you will be safe. It is certain that skids must bo laid down beforo tho canoe, for it to slldo upon ; therefore, I send you in this lettec 10s. as skids for tho Waka Maori to travel on to mo hero at Whangapoua. Allien it arrives, then will 'Jacob rejoice anil Israel he glad.' This 10s. is for the year 1674, and I want tho back numbers commencing from January last. It is a nuisance that my name, which I afilx hereto, is so very long, but I givo you tlio initials only oi a portion of it.— T. II. AY. Tapiata Kiwi." "Snider" remarks: — Here's a bit of practical calculation if you like. My friend Mr. Tonks told me that last week he dis posed of by public auction, in various lots, throe tons of pepper. Then, I satd, let me do a hit of calculation which shall exceed any tiling dono in the cannon ball line. Three tons o' popper means six thousand six hundred and seventy-two pounds avoirdupois, whicli is equal to eighteen thousand eight hundred and ciglity-four ounces, also avoirdupois. Now, allowing that a pepper castor contains three ounces, and would, when filled, re quire two thousand shakes before it empties itself, it will tako thirty- eight millions of shakes less a few decimal fractions, be fore three tons of pepper can bo got to pass through the electro plated perforations oi a pepper- castor. A'ery good. Now. I'm not dono yet. Supposing that a kit of. oysters can't be con sumed under two thousand shakes oi pepper, and each shake occupies tlie fourth part ei a second, then tho time I find whieli will be used up in disposing of Mr. Tonks' three tons of pepper will oceupy exactly tlie same time that a balloon travelling forty miles an hour would take to reach number three of Jupiter's satellites. I challenge criticism as to tho accuracy of my calcu lations. This is what I call scientific and useful. " D. D.," writing" On the East " in tlie Queenslander, deponeth thus in re Cormorants : — In an uneducated state lie (tlio Cormo rants) would swallow his fish after lie had made his capture, but not being a mere savage crcaturo intent on gratifying his own appetite, he carries it off home to tlio boat, and triumphantly oifers up tlio beautiful glisteuing spolla oplma ot his skill anil enterprise at tlie feet of ids benefactors— tlio boatmen. AVouId that we could reclaim some of our species after this fashion !' It is all brought about by a little perseverance in searching, coupled witli a very siinplo device of tlie sagacious Mr. John Chung Kwoli. Now listen to this. John accomplishes his de sign in a very simple way. He circumscribes the swallowing capacity of his cormorant„l>y an ingenious throat ligature- Tlio hied can't swallow a big fish wnlle tho ligature is there. Most sublime John ! Let us think of tilts. Cormorants are trained to go a fishing. So far good. Thoy wing their way— they sight their fish— they dive boldly into tho unexplored depth of an un known country— they succeed, and obtain possession of their fish in a triumphant manner. Then tiien think that they aro going to swallow him, with the ulterior view of digesting liim. Most natural, hut oh, most innocent, of cormorants ! AVhafc of tiie superior education, the throat ligature ? There is tho difficulty. Silly cormorants ! AA'liy did they ever submit to the ligature ? AVhy did they ever become civilised 7 AVhy, in- deod ! AA'lio can tell ? Some pooplo say that I speak iu para bles. Do you really thiuk so ? Tho AVesleyan educational committee for this colony have adopted tho following resolutions " 1. That in tho judgment of tills committee, the time lias come when it would be con ducive to (he promotion of primaiy education iu this colony, that aU Government grants to denominational schools should cease, and that there should only ho one general system for tho wliolo country, neither denominational nor undenomi national, but truly national, and it earnestly recommends tho Conference and the whole Methodist Church to use their influ ence in securing this desirable object." — "2. That tills com mittee could not recommend to tlie Methodist C'iiurch to accept any general system in which less religious teaching shall obtain than is found in tlio scripture lessons now used in all our publio schools, because it believes that in a professedly Christian country, provision ought to be made for teaching tlie genera! principles of tho Christian religion contained in these lessons, and that any alteration in the Public Schools Act tn tills par ticular would bo opposed to the best interests of tho youth o£ the land, and to tho good order and prosperity of the State." We learn from the Wagga Wagga Express that a meeting of the employees of the Brookong station has been held to enquire into the circumstances of the death and burial of a young man named Lyle. A memorial to the Attorney-General was adopted ; from that document we extract the following paragraphs:—" Your memorialists consider it necessary simply to state these facts, to wit, that on the first day of the present month the deceased was apparently in the full enjoyment of health ; that after having partaken of supper at a place about a mile distant from his own dwelling he returned to his home ; that meeting there with two or three acquaintances he talked with them, drank with them, sang with them, and was to all appearances both healthy and hearty ; that on retiring to bed, his acquaintances being still with him, he became suddenly sick, and laying his head back on the pillow immediately expired ; that information of all this was conveyed without delay to the nearest magistrate at Urana and the police authorities there ; that thereupon the coroner at Wagga Wagga was telegraphed for, but declined to come, direct- ing that a magisterial inquiry only should be held ; that in con- sequence the magistrate with the senior police constable ap- peared, and acquainting themselves with the main facts de- clined to proceed further, and telegraphed again to Wagga Wagga intimating that it was a case for a coroner's inquest ; in the face of all this, however, the coroner still refused to come, and so without either a magisterial investigation or a coroner's inquest the deceased has been buried ; the senior police officer being present and a large number of men protesting. Your memorialists would still further point out that the deceased was known to possess a purse with money in it on the evening and near the time of his death, and that after the strictest search by the police neither purse nor money could be found, a circum- stance which tends naturally to increase the feelings of un- easiness so prevalent." In opening a caso last week, wherein a man named James AValsh was charged at tho Sydney Quarter Sessions with utter ing a counterfeit coin, with intent to defraud, the Crown Prose cutor said that the person who had introduced the medals re presenting sovereigns into tlie colony had been been the indirect means of causing a good deal oi crime. Mr. District Court Judge Dowltng said that lio bollevcd it was mentioned in ona case tried (lefore him not very long ago, that a large importer iix tills city had brought out a number of these pieces of metal ta tlie colony. Tlio Crown Prosecutor said his Honor was right aa to such a circumstance having transpired. It appeared after wards, during the progress of tho caso, that when apprehended there wero found in the possession 61 the prisoner nine coin$ exactly similar to the ono which he hod attempted to pass. On examination they wero found to be remarkably llko a real sovereign. Tlio colour was good, although, of course, the weight was defective. Tho account given by the prisoner Walsh of his possession of the pieces was that ho had, at the time of the alleged offence, just arrived from New Zealand with 151. in his pocket. He said that, being under the Inflncnco of drink, ho went to a public-house, where situated lie did not know, and proffering for change a lOf. note, received the pieces of metal, in reference to which the present charge was laid. In summing up Mr. Howling said that it was indeed highly improper to Im port these coins. He doubted whether it would do to indict tho manufauturers for coining ; for he did not suppose that they ever intended that they should be passed. Tlioy were evidently intended for other purposes— as toys for children, or as counters for card players. On returning a verdict of "guilty" against Walsh, the foreman of the Jury said: — "A largo majority of our number think that tho Government should do something without delay to try to stop these things from being sold or brought to this country." The sentence imposed on Walsh was fifteen months' imprisonment in Darlinghurst gaol, nis Honor gave directions for tiie destruction of tho spurious coins. — S. Herald. On Friday last, Alderman Mutton was fined 51. for an assault on tho proprietor of the Western Independent newspaper. The following was tho paragraph which provoked tho assault;— "What a splendid arithmuticlan Alderman Mutton must bo. what an admirable statistician ho would make. At tho Council meeting on Wednesday, he was seen to fidget in his seat, a grim smilo of satisfaction stole almost imperceptibly over his hand some face, ho pulled up his snow-white collar to its utmost limit, his hand plunged Into the almost bottomless breast-pocket of his coat, and, in a moment. Mutton was to his cars in a weighty calculation. Every eye now rested on tho classical phiz of the chandler, and all prcsont seemed, instinctively, to expect something tremendous from this usually Impetuous alderman. Ho knew that lie had their attention rivltted, he felt the strength of his position, he hastily gained Ills feet ; and, having givon a few preparatory coughs, domanded, in a voice of thunder, to have it explained how it was that tho stationery account from the Edinburgh Hook DepOt was always bo much moro than that from any other house. In reply to this, a list of accounts was produced which showed that tho ac count for stationery from the Edinburgh Hook Depfifc was less than ouo-thlrd of so much as that sent In by Mr. Jones. In a moment the look of wonder and suspense depicted on the faces of tho gentlemen seated round tho table changed to ono of scoru and contorapt. Mutton looked sick, his legs trembled, the perspiration dripped from tho point of his nose ; we pitied him. Ho stood alone— tho observed of all observers ; but ho took good care not to stand long— ho seemed to vanish like a ghost. We wouldn't trust this man with our accounts, neither would wo caro to sco him on the finance committee of tho Council ; indeed, we think ho ought to go to school again." We subjoin a portion of the Adelaide Observer's report of Dean Russell's speech at the meeting recently held in Adelaide in favour of establishing a Funeral Reform Association --The heaviest expense was connoctcd with tho licarso and heavy mourning-coaches. He was informed by one undertaker that some of the best mourning-coaches cost about £200, whilst of course the hearse would cost very much moro. The objection was that such vehicles wore unnecessary and unsuitable in such a climate. He did not know if they had all been in theso heavy and closo carriages, but frequently be had had occasion to occupy them, and once in attending a funeral at Salisbury ho was for three hours and a half in one of them, and had to submit to great inconvenience and a needless ninount of suffering. He uiV uuareo anu mournmg-carriages could be dispensed with and that tho expenses might bo greatly reduced. The foolish frippery connected with present ftinorals was offensive to their best feelings. Ho did not say that thoro should ho no symbolism at all, but ho contended that wliatever it was it should liavo feeling in it expressive of sorrow and reverence and some capacity for expressing Christian faitli and hope, "lie thought the ornaments which wero used wero bad In themselves and worthless in point of money-vaiuo, and that they wore in bad taste and did not oxprcss sympatiiy with tho bereaved nor faith in tho resurrection of tho dopartod. Ha objected to cover ing coffins with expensive cloth, as ho thought their feeling should be that the dead should bo interred in something durable, whereas the cloth was tho ilrst tiling to decay, and it gavo opportunities to unscrupulous persons to cover up tile poverty of tho cofiln itself. Then there was the expense of hat bands and gloves supplied, as they were told, for tho 1130 of tho mutes, friends, and clergymon. Ho had taken thorn from tho undertaker in past years simply as a matter of custom ; but ho had decided that lie should not do so in tho future and ho \- thought clergymen would do well not to submit to hat- hands and gloves being thrust upon thoni. If they could abolish tho licarso and mourning-carriages, and the hat-bands and gloves for the clergyman and mutos and friends, and have the eollin inado of solid wood without the ornnmonts, lie belicvod tlioy would accomplish a great good. Ho would not deprive persons of tho right to havo appropriate symbolism, and doubtless their uso would bo regulated by a variety of tastes, but ho should linvo it understood that It should he left to tile individual to gratify h s symbolic taste Then as to the licarse itself, lie asked wl'at meaning was there in such a gloomy structure. Ho supposed one idea was to protect the body from tho weather; but ho pointod out that when an officer was Iniricd it was usual to placo tho coffin on a gun-carriage, anil in rough weather to cover it w th a thick wrapping, and ho did not soo why that should not be sufficient in ordinary cases of burial. He did not soo why thoy should not havo a bier upon wheels. He sftw by the article in tho AdvertUcr that that was tho casein franco Such a servico was not expensive, and there was no appoarnuco of anything that could lie otfensivo to tho feelings lie suggested that tho pall should nbt be provided by tho under taker. lie thought burial was a Christian rito, nnd that tho preseneo of the Lhristlon at tho grave was a proof of Ids faith n tho resurrection of tho dead. Looking at tho servico in tho light of a Christian rite, ho thought each congregation ought to provide a pall for use in tho interment of ono of tiieir nnmbor. He had apallat Ids own cluircli which any ono might use, nnd ho thought tlioy might well tako it out of tho hands of tho undertaker. There was one aspect in tho question of funerals which ho thought—seeing members of tho Legislature present —should receive attention, and that was tho placing of the dead body in the case of children — in tho carriage to save tho expense of a hearse. He thought such a state of things should i i 7,' , understood some persons in their midst had, as the Chairman had done, given instructions In their will as to the manner jn whieli their funerals should ho H i!i i ' an! I . ,r.9asoa reform In tho cost of funerals T ?i ,011'- T'le Hon. Mr. Morgan, ho thought, had told him lie had dono so. He had no doubt' a lot of furniture for a funeral might bo provided for £15. Ho was anxious, how- 8 er, tllat it should bo a lit expression of an ailectiouato mourning and faith in tho resurrection of tho dead. Ho fre quently felt that the awful gloom which attonded their funerals !nl 8 na!m?i '9. 'ud'lelity. Thoy spoke at tho grave tho ' .? d.oat,11' wk8ro ,a, thy sting ? O grave, whore is thy victory. And yet by the gloom exprossivo in their funerals -hey in effect contradicted themselves, and said, ' Death, thou art our master, ami this our brother thou hast vanquished." 