TnE Wareeo RoAD.-A special grant of £O00 has been authorisod by thbo government for the formatlion of that portion of the Goulburn and \Vheoo road known ns Rosai'e Hill. This road, in length Ibthirty. eight miles, is now rated us a first.cleos road and heo £50 per mile allowod; but the above- mentioned £5t0 will be in addition. Under the direction of Mr. Cheancy, our efficient road snperintondent, this road, which for a long time has boon considered one of the worst in the colony, is being gradually brought into a passable condition, and if the works continuoe to be judiciously conduclted, it will in a few yoears become a really good road. Tra or VoLuONTER ItIFtItI'E N FOra ENO.LAND. The following circular has boon received by hbo ,ommaodieng- oMer of thoGuulburn Corps eVoluntoer Riflts from the bohen. scoretaries of the Sydnoy Riin Aseocition : Sydneyg 4th Jlueo, 874. Sir,--We beg to solicit your e els:aur e in colleotng hubsecrlp t hoeo to yeoeletiterte of tho aolonty, anl al or dletrbuttln tile ee!oed cotlctngrlisto to those wtho rco wllting to voluatoec trrther erniceInieo of oltainineg a sum o er oeoy, so theat tollcot ea, onjleoltly wath Victoeria, may be enabled to aene to Edlotd n tenl or riemn tr o n compete in 185 I ther ntionol contet.s awld mretu?g at Wlmtlrdon. Itm cotemKplnated to send trenty-two (22) men from the twr colonies, oue r p.rwlon of tile estibrtr peand e re hTl £1t0L. faou wilt ee the necessinty of aldeevourlo to rnso proportiooate sum in yoeur dltcalet o h this netonoa t aflerth may be sucssfaulytrid atyeout oe nwoultd recommend tho. ou soull oltation a proaioe loen any person clnnet gte at tle time o eskinbg o a subsroghtioolb. on heft to nnen you 0 copy of tCle rcsolutloe as pmsscd ata npecil gonern metiug of the i stoneitiou, held in slay lent, se lolloos: " That thin mwettog 0mram thodeiahlrbllty ofeondlng a team oftlloooen, tln oouojieatota otth VLteorle, to compete In flug [alea, and a hnt the Ca?l anoc of the Victorian lltle .aeotletleo be nolicteldlin the mwtter." Taine OaTsoLoo Lreclnoy csOcIaTOr" resnmed is mneaoting on Wednoday eveonilg loate, when a large numher of mombers attended. The Row. Father Stoiteryn Iho spiritual direetor, presided. This being tlo period at which, according to the rules, theo nomination of oefieo-boanrere for the year ehould Caio pece, this wean tho first busieness traoe atied. For tho greater number of ho ofafice C thae woe no opposition, and tho following gentlemen wore declared duly elottod --Mr. J. Dunae, proseiden; Mr. J. Itennedy, seeretary; Mr. 0. filloepie, troeasurr; Mr. J. O'Ooneoll, librarion; and Mr. T. Hall, ennielant librarine. MIesors. T. J. O'Brien end If. J. Poard wora nominated for the o~efio el nice. president, and the eleotion for thin oefioe and for the committeo is fixed -for next eight of meeting. Sororal reaitations wore gieno to ftt up tho timos; and the mooting was brought to a close by the en nounllement of the businoei for neat Wednoceday oveniog. \VEScLcEoN McUTrnL IIlIt'lOVrcotcT SOcIlTY.-QO Wutnoeloy eaenilag laat ,\r. loxaall condutoed the proceedineg of thu meeting, at which an anerage anumbor oi members was preneant. Oae person wos pro. poned for mnembernbip, and two were elecied. Tlaenn additions to the numbors are very gratifying to the society, which is now wreekly gaining strength. SFveral recitations were rendered, and these pro. eoked a great do'l of criticism. The pieces were,. the Christian Varfare,. the COstaway Ship, the Leper, and a setlction from an opera. It transpired that an entertainment would be giveon shortly, when the president wrill lecture. A debate will take place next oeek as to wahther the remission of the terms of long-sentenced prisoners is conducive to morality, and this will naturally roevive the question of tho proposed releate of Gardiner and of the other thsh. adngers. Acclnocor.-On Thursday ltst a painful accident happened to Mr. lsrray oft Paddy'e Riier. He was equaring a tleepers when through striking upon a losse chip the adze turned and entered the ankle, coutting right to the bone. Great loss of blood followed; and 3Mr. Murray found it odvieable to come to Gnouburn for mediclt ansistano. He reached town by the night troin in a very exhausted state, and was attended by Dr. Hayley, who dressed the toand, finding it necessary to put in three stitches, Mr. Murray was enabled to return home yesterday. Tat WEATHcER AT GocLo.ocS during the week has been very cold with wet for several days. On Sunday last there was a fltl of snow in several parts of the country, but none in thb towan. PaLlce-Ovleco Rosera.--Juno 29th, J. M. Antill and W. Canolly Elqs. ; July 1st, A. O. De Lauret and D. Dickson Eaqs.; July 3rd, A. G. Finlay and A. F. Gibson Eaqs. AGor..a.--A correspondent says:--Mr. Perkins, a nativa of Goulburn, is distinguishing himself at Rsglan as an amateur dramatist. Numbers of ladies and gentlemen from miles around flock to the schoolhouse to see him perform. His rendering of the Ghost is excellent, and calls forth rounds of ap plause. IELEASE OF GAnDINEn.-The daily journale pub. lish a long minute of his Excellency the Governor deted on Tueeday last which concludes as follows: I tho that c Ondier should receive conditional pardon at the tie hen hn u l to expect one; cnd thatehe gor ernment ehould nt the slme time tto steps to secure, aons far ins pe tc.ble, the eontlnuec hbsence of the prisoner fnom the .unntraeln coitlonies durlng the uonexplired tenrm of his sen tence. I em sorry to think-thbe oueh an exerelee of the ryal prerogenice of plrdon unrov.eiurnobly rerdeod at the prceot moment by certain sections of the phblic; but it appears to me that the courc I nsggest is the ouly course noa open to tob gorngoment otrsiten with honour and ustice; and I on. Bidently anticipate thaot the tainese oe thi vieno wilt neentally be ncinosledget by atl imparotinl nd reffecting members of the community. The execotive council Ia~inn c dulcy conldered the pentiloa~ann miwuie rbferred toe aneofopinion that ouocieot groocdi do not exist to war. rant them in atcisinoghins feleieey to depert from the po. wise tmpliet i hini Excellneuc'a minute of the 5th Decemobern 18i2, upon the cone of the prisoner Oordinee. Birna.-Seonior- cnuotoblo Robert Kennedy hba been appointed aocing clerk of petty-nennions at Binda, to taoe effect from the lst inetant. Rohn ConTneocs.--Thn following tendern haoe been occepted by the government, viz. :--hr. Jobn Ceuningham-- coutraeot 3, road Broidwaod to 'arago; Mr. Jameo Donoelly-contract on roao w..i:tlnnnd n'Perneo IssoL.vc-.-Schbedules filed-Robert Hamilton Sempill of Sydney. Liabilities, £7916 12e. 2d. Assets, £621 5s. ld. - John Clarke BSwanson Hegarty of Eden, Twofold Bay. Liabilities, £1770 G6s. 8d. Assets, £327 10s. Id. Deficiency, £1442 16s. 7d.-Sorrenders-William Henry Bedell of Grenfell, news agent. Liabilities, £261 14s. 8d. Assets, £37 7Se. 6d. Mr. Mackenzile, official assignee. -James Jacobs of Young, bailiff, oot of business. Liabilities, £41 6s. Gd. Assets, £12 19n. Mr. Mao. kenzie, official assignoe,. AnIVA.L OF THIE SUEZ MAIL AT ADELAIDE. The P. and O. Company's steamer Baroda, Captain Almond, arrived at Adelaide on Thursday morning, at 9.16 o'alook, with the European mails, vie Point de Galle. The Southampton portion of the mails left London on the 7th May, and Brindisi portion on tbho 15th of the same month, and have therefore been delivered at Adelaide within forty-nine and forty-one days respectively. The Barodn left Galle two dave before contract time, nod has made a splondid run, being four days before her time at Adelaide. She would be on her passage to Melbourne by noon on Thursday, and will arrive there on Satur day afternoon at the latest.--Empire. MEDIcoL.--We (Queaubeyan Age) learn that Dr. Johnson of Goulburn is about to take up his abode in Queaobeyan to practice the medical profession, and that he has accepted an engagement as medical oficer to the H. O. Guild of Qoeanbeyan.g Qur.veaenas Qahnr?a-soscoons.-This court will open on Saturday morning (to.day) at ton o'clock, before Mr. Dietriot Judge McFarland, chairman. There are four caea for trial, viz:--The brothers Llwless for assaulting their parents with intent to do grievous bodily harm ; the brothers Murphy, for . b*nrbt- h ath: aoorils Oeoy, roe the Gaodaroo mail robbery ; and the boy Whittaker, for burning down Mr. Mo Namarra's hot. The professional gentlemen retained are Mosers. Scerrell, Fell, and Parr.-Age. BREWING Are.-A bushel and threeqnertere of ground malt and a pound of hops are suoffcient to make eighteen gallona of good family ale. As soon as the water boils, dip off half of it into a tub or vat raised upon a benooch about a foot nod a half from the ground, and which has a hole in its side near the bottom, into which is put a spigot and faucet suffi ciently large, and over the end or whihob, in theovat, is fixed a bundle of small clean sticks, or other con venient apparatus, to preoveant the malt from running out. Letot the hot water remain undisturbed in the vat till it has cooled down to about the temperature of 175 or 180 degroees of Fabronheit's thermometer; or, in the absence of this instrument, till the face can be seen pretty dielinotly in the water. Then mix the malt with the water gradually, stirring it with a mashing stick or other convoenient spatula. Preserve a tow handfuls of the dry malt to strow over the nor face after it is mixed in order to prevent as mooh as possible the escape of heat. The vat should also be covered with cloths, more effeotually to keep the moisture hot, which moust remain undisturbed for three hours. The weort is then to be run out by the spigot and faucet. As soon as it has done so, pour on again upon the malt the same quantity of water, cooled in a tub to the same degree of beat as before, and let it remain with the malt half an hbur, or somewhat longer. Then letthe wortrun off a second time. As you will now be enabled to judge how much more wort will be necessary to fll your cask, add as much more water, cooled down as before, as will be sulfficient for the purpose, letting the last por tion stand a short time in the vat, alwanys remember ing that for a cask of eighteen gallons it is advisable to have at least oseven or eight gallons of wort nioro than osufficient to fill tho eask, to allow for waste and evaporation. Whon the worts have all been run off, mix them together, and put them into the copper, making it boil as quickly as possible. When the wort is reduced by boiling to nearly the proper quantity, put in one pound of hops, nod let them boil in the wort for about twenty minutes, covering the copper over in the meautime to prevent tho;es. cape of thebo aroma of the hops. The boiling being comploleted, let thebo wort be strained off into proper coolers. When it is cooled deown to about 65 or 70 degrees, mix one quart of good yeast with a few gallons of the wort first, nod altorwards put the. whole together into a vat to ferment for two or three days or more; or put it into the cask, and lot it fer ment there. The necessary care must be taken to watch the fermentation in the cask, and fill it up occoueionally with the superfluous liquor. As soon es the cask will boear a bung in it, it ought to be slopped down slightly at first, till the power of the disenagaged gans be ascertained, or otherwise the cask may burst. This ale, if it is brewed when the weather is mild, will be fit for drinking in about six wveks or two months. To brew table-ale, mix the first and second worts together, suffer it to fermont, and proceed in the same manner as before directed. If thb ale is for present use, take three-quarters of a pound of hopo to each bushel of malt; but if intended to be kept, take one pound of hops to each bushel of malt. It will be fit for use in about a week. Two prostitutes left Sandhurst to-day and went to Castlemaoino to hane a prize fight for £5 a-side. The women's names ara M1innie Bently nod Mary Ah You. The first boat the other in a few rounds. The polite wore communicated with and the women ar rested. The encond trial ofAugustlus Ruperli Groen on the charge of murdering Mauxwoll Reynolds was broight to a close in Melbourno on Saturday. Mr. Mo Dor. mott addressed thojury for throee hours on behalf of the prisoner, urging that there was nothing to ebow that Roynolds's death had been intentionally brought about, and that there was nothing to connect Green with it. IHalf a dozon witnesses were examined on bhablf of the prisoner. Three of them gave evidence that he was a quiet iuoffonsivo man, and had always borne a good character; that of the other thrca wont to show that Roynollds had boon experimenting with dynamite. Mr. Justice Barry aummed up favourably for the prisoner, and the juIry, after being loolted up for flve hours, retuirnod a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was disebharged. Tbo verdict was given at ten o'clock at night, and there wereo very few per sones in the court at the time, The close oonflnement had an effect onthe health of some of the jurymen; one was ill on Fliday end Saturday, and another Sfainted while the jury were deliberating as to their verdiot, and it wa some time before he recovered. S Some rather strange proceedinegs took place at the q quartersessiona at Grafton last Wednesday. On the resumption of the court after an adjournment, the '.'crown-prosecutor (AIr. Stophen) was not present. What ensued is related in the following telogram \- :snt to the Sydney Morning Herald:-" A priaonor ,isamed Griffiths was arraigned, the jury were sworn, and the prisoner was given in charge, when it was found that the indictment had not been signed. On ::'the crown- prosecutor entering tbe court ha apologised to his Honor, stating that he had been detained through important business, which he had had to consider. Mr. District Judge Moymolt, not con sidering the oexplanation satisfactory, after some frther remarks, foined the crown-prosecutor £3. MIr. . Stephen then refused to sign the indictment, though Srepeatedly naked to do so by the judge, lie stoted that he was not prepared to go on with it that after. Snoon, and respetfoully requested an adjournment of Sthe court until to-morrow, as he wished to consoeult the i 'attorney-general, The judge said the course taken , w: as a very extraordinary one, and left him no ,alternative but to disoharge the jury and prisoner. ' Mr. Stephen said the prisoner had not boon arraigned, 'as no indictment had been signed, and he complained ' of his papers being irregularly interrupted, at the :: same time nsuggesting that prisoner should be ro. S.manded until next day. In answer to the judge, the crown-prosecutor said there was another charge S:against the prisoner. Theo.judge then discharged Sthe jury, and the prisoner on the count on which he .:'had been arraigned and given in charge to the jury. SThe court was then adjourned until next day." : A correepondent at Mortlake having requested that we .. e(Melbourne Argus) should give an explanation of Sthe simple method adopted by lMr. Biclford, the crown lands bailiff in charge of the metropolitan parks and gardense, in tronsplanting trees, we have . obtained the following particulars on the subject: A": Alarge trenob, three feet in depth, is dug round the tree to be removed, leaving a ball of earth four feet ' in'diameter. A piece of strong canvass or hogging is then eown tightly round the ball to a depth suaf / flioent to secoure the best roots. The treo is then ..gradnally .undnrmined on one side and allowed to fall gently over, so as to enable the men to paess another piece of bagging underneath it. This is 'firmly secured to the other pieces of bagging, so that the whole of the ball of earth is enclosed, and : 'the tree is ready for removal. A small flat trolly, ,,.about three foot square, made oof strong planking, and .mounted on four small wheels about 9 in. in diameter, is than carefully placed under the tree, by i:gently laying it ever on one side end then righting :.it, so that the tree is placed in the centre. The dray on Which the tree is to be moved to its new S,'position is next backed in near the tree, and the •horse taken out of the shafts. The wheels are care. 'folly blocked, and the body of the dray is further ' :secured by pasesing two stout pieces of quartering through the wheels close to the bed of the dray. T, weo stout planks are now so placed that while one 'end of each passes under the fore wheels of tbhe ' trolly, the other ends reach to the centre of the dray :''over the axle-tree. A wooden roller is next placed ,"on the shafts, and secured from slipping inside the S.guard-irons by means of a loop of stout rope panssing eover the end of the shafets. This note as a windless, ' and a rope being passed round it and fastened to the :tirolly, two or more men, by means of a piece of rope "passed round the-end of the roller and worked by , lovers,' oad easily heave the trolly up into the dray without the tree undergoing any shaking. As soon . as it is secured the tackole is removed, and the tree being carried to its destination, it is lowered into its ,:place in the same manner. The whole of the appa r--.atae is inexpensive, and can be readily fixed in any part of the bush, and should he of great use to those 'who are now desirous of moving trees of any size. d E;rBiokford has moved trees eighteen feet in height ,'-'and with a ball of earth contaoing thirty-two oulbic ifeet; These are now flourishing luxuriantly, and :'.have evidently experienced no shock from their change of quarter. 