OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, November 28. In my last letter I was able to send the ex- traordinary letter of the Comte de Chambord, which extinguished the hopes of the French Monarchists. The were disheartened, but not discomfited, by this unexpected event. On the 5th. inst. the National Assembly met at Ver- sallies after its long recess. Before it was con- stituted and the officials' chsen, the Govern- ment produced a message from President Mac- Mahon, the gist of which was, though the country is tranquil, a suggestion that his regime shouldbe prolonged, and that the Go- vernment should be armed with extra legal powers. Before any formal business could be taken, the Right proposed that a Committee should consider a scheme for prolonging the executive powers of the Marshal for ten years, and that afterwards the Constitutional Bills should be discussed. The Due de Broglie and his supporters demanded "urgency," which was carried by a large majority. After an exciting debate in the course of which M. Gréry spoke of the proposal as revolu- tionary, and as aiming at a Dictatorship, M. Dufaure's motion for referring the two proposals to the same Committee was rejected by a majo- rity of 14 (362 to 348), afterwards reduced by correction to 10. This majority sufficed for the reactionists, who confidently expected that by Saturday night a Dictatorship would be estab- lished, and the Republic got rid of by a side wind. They were, however, too confident. The several bureaux, as is customary, nomi- nated, their delegates, and to the general astonishment, and owing partly to the action of the Bonapartists, it was found that the oppo- nents of the Committee had a majority of one on the Committee. That Committee deliberated for, several days, and finally adopted three articles and a moderate report, drawn up by M. Laboulaye. The effect of this report was to recommend that the extended powers for 10 years demanded on behalf of the President should be granted on condition that the Con- stitutional Bills should be forthwith, considered and passed. To their safeguard that the Marshal's position should remain unchanged till the new laws had been passed MacMahon himself objected, and took the indecent course of sending a message to the National Assembly to that effect, but suggested that his Dictator- ship might be limited to seven years. The report was presented on Monday, the 17th. The Monarchists, after the usual fashion, insisted upon an immediate decision without adequate debate, and would have carried their point but for the request of the majority of, the Com- taittee that the "President's message should be first considered by them. Meanwhile—that is on Sunday—two more elections had taken place, and Generals Saussier and Valaze, the Republican candidates; were returned for the Aube and Seine Inférieure by majorities of two-thirds and one-half. This decisive ex- pression of public opinion has only had the effect of enraging the Conservatives and strengthening their resolution to set the country at defiance. The general debate opened on the 18th, by a declaration from M. Laibonlaye on behalf of the majority of the Committee that the proposals of the President could not be accepted, and that "conciliation was, therefore, impossible." In a speech of remarkable eloquence, M. Jules Simon exposed the true character of the Government scheme— which aimed at reimposing personal govern- ment on the country, would weaken instead of strengthen France, and make it for seven years the prey of factions—while several speeches from the Right indicated that the dictatorship of Marshal MacMahon.was only intended as a preparation for the advent of the Comte de Chambord as the Legitimist King of France. On the 19 th the debate on' the "several articles of the report was taken and extended bejond midnight. The Due de Broglie, the head of the Government, opened by maintain ing that the Assembly would perform a great act of confidence by prolonging the" powers of the President, whose loyalty and impartiality were acknowledged. • The Marshal would re main under the authority of the House, and without any idea of assuming a dictatorship. Mi Grfivy replied in a long speech to the Duke, arid argued that the Assembly would exceed its ^powers by conferring a seven years' term of powait' upbn Marshal MaoMahon. Such a measure" would .Be-, an "act of usurpation'full of" danger and-calamity. M~.~Buif.it'-then put the proposal to-,$ie, vote;,that:the. executive power Should be .conferred upon Marshal MacMahon for Seven'ybarsj-'and-should continue to be exec-- ] goised under the pi e3ont!conditi,one.until modified -by the Constitutional, .Laws.which might after wards be introduced;' This-' tvas ' carfied by 383 to^-317 -Votes,i beiog a majority of 66 -■for...the. .Government.. So laige a ma jority.was unexpected, and surpii ed every one,--'It was secured by . '35 deserters from. the'Leffc CentrO, who belonged to M. Casimir Perier's Club, and by the abstention of several Legitimists and Bonapartists. When elocted President oh Mayr24,: the Marshal obtained 390 votes. 'Hjir- Thursday -he obtained - only 378. Thereiwas no substantial difference between the* Government Bill which has been voted and the proposal- which was brought forward, by Mr Laboulaye on behalf of the Committee. Mr Laboulaye required ,that~The prolongation of powers should not have 'constitutional effect until the'' constitutional: laws were-voted. The Government Bill enaots.thatMarshal MacMahon shall pxfrpisevthe > powers; of President, oft the Republic undpr'rthe. existing" conditions^ until the .constijintion^ daws are vptOd.,: Rrora. spme pause mob okplaiife'd,- M." Thiers took no' part 'in :the debate, which perhaps oost the Opposition many?vo tes." However, the; Marshalete. is voted,, ahd .President;- MacMahon:;his replied do' the decision of the Chamber j'b'y promising to main-; tiun order, and. carry out "the wishes'of "the1 .Assembly. -I •• . ■ : There had. been an'interpellation pending; ;as -to- the—vacant- seats,—which—was- -post poned1.; at " the request.[of the; Government" till.,./the.. .question _ as.mto;, the powers of? dhe^hiMarshai ^•..wap. gettied^ /. .hleanwliil^ 'Minifterg f hpd .[.sqmewhatvi/fofestaUea' i,thej motiqp by. ipsuingi a'decree. foy, filling, up tnyee} jout of the" 'twelve vacancies on the. .7itR..1eL December. The debate.onthia subject," which caise:p£f;;on Monday, last, was not ofr/pre;; einiaent. importance, . -It. was. ibegun..- .by ,-mT Lepn Say, a Left Centre man, ,who:aBkeqwhy. the Government £ad,-oipt fiUed up/the .'vacant, seats in the Assembly.) M. Beule, the'Minister' 'of the Interior, ..replied for the Ministera. /He, took-upon -himself—the-responsibility—of _£ne_ coorsB; that- had been followed, which; he main- • tained "was the .best, as being 'calculated to cause the least' agitation in the .- country.. Id' the course ;bf the discussion ' M. Bethmbnt"cqmr, plained'.pt" the support \'^veh.fb^o^'rchickl' schemes ""ddringV .the 'recess.";by /fheV;Dub4'"de Broglie. JJhnDukq iii" hit', furn. pbplained of the,.course .=adopted by the ,,Radicals, ivhrn at-. tempted to'arouse social hatred Dy leading the tempted - _ _ people.do., fear. .a. return-to. the abuses "of the old resHme. .Ultimately, an Order pf the Day, proposed" by" a"" member of thfe Eight, wai^ adopted ,bj?-!3ft£:'t& '&i;! being va? majority;-.; ,of v 50. .forthe- Government, many- '- me&ibers; ' -hayirig; ^ -abstained'- froui voting.;.: After this dWisiOn,1 defed-%h'hir-tesignation-Jto1'the''Ptesiden't, i>vit • the task of reconstruction proved1 to-tfe.one -of1 n tilt-the-small- hours-of-yesterday- morning^ i The -Duc de-Broglie remain^ atJh'a head- Sf the Cabinet, and of.qourse. wilhcoutinue to_ give it.'its real character.^ He takes,; .besides, the Home" Office instead" of the, Fpreign,,.and will thuB have more direct .influence;; oyer domestic matters,-. This is much to be regretted, as hejhas shown himself,- .narro wt; bigoted,, and incapable of large; or- conciliaory measures. His ideal of policy is . repression and compres sion. Thei-itwo Bonapartist., in. inhers,;- M. Magrmend^ -Ueseilligny, retain their plaoes. make way;for;.the Duo DeeazesVand\M. flei Fq.grtou.v Thsrformer, withM. Magne, .madeutj a condition, that the Ministers" 'sjhquld'..jpjnj&y; undertake: to. maintain, the. present .state,', p.f things, without favouring .any .pretensions. .61-: consistent withit-v M. F0urtou-\yM!.a.'iiihxsfef uiffiOTrPreHdMt'^iej?. V f -ij";,. ^ Thq composition of the new Ministry -has,op casiohed'great dissatisfaction among th'e Ineui-1 be-s of the Extreme Bight, because that party is no longer represented in the Government. M; de Laroy and M. Pepeyre belong to the Moderate Bight, and the Due Decazes to the ; Right., Centre; while M. de Fourtou was for merly a Minister under M. Thiers. The Ex treme Right does 'not consider . that. th'e. hew i Ministerial arrangement affords them suffijient guarantees,inasmuch as M. '"Errioul "and M. de Eabouilleriev' the only two Ministers who repre sent the purely Legitimist party, ha,v.o no, seat in the new Cabinet. The Government hopes., thatif.it be abandoned by the Extreme Rig.ht. iir-wHT regain 'the stipport'of th9 Left Centre' through the - appointment of -M. de Fortou. Ministers, will,-.it..is said^St, once propose to restore to the Government the right of nominat ing the Mayors. "With regard to the Press, it'is' belieyed that:they will propose provisionally to extend to the whole of France the system es tablished ,by the state of. seige in dealing . with; the newspapers., , , . The Ashantee war has begun, and will ap parently end only in an "expedition for the capture of .Coomassie. Sir Garnet Wolseley, has, however, justified the choice which ,the Government made of him as- the British Com mander, on the Gold Coast. There,he found himself on his arrival with" a' number of officers, but no army beyond a miscellaneous collection of levies, while the Fanteea_were_-taiL cowardly to. act against the Ashantees, who were .en catn'ped: within a,"dozen-miles or ;so..of .Cape -Coast-Castle... The first object of the General .was Jo inspire the natives with -confidence in his power; slender as were hisj resources. It -was well known that some of the villages along the coast were in a secret league with the Ash antee King, received Bupplies.Q£_ arm a and rum for the service ;M:hi^rmy^fid. stored them up for the most pirtf-in^an iffiahd;!;'depot situated upon an^leyatjsd-spof in.^the"ij.uSh...N^It wus 'de cideart^^GSlOneLEvelyn'W'oSd,^h0?^mman dant of .fElmha^Li^tdd'summon thejireache rous chief^f^dhese.-vfllages inj^his presence; to give kn- acoounthLthemselves,- or receive j he punishmeirtrdui? %'-their /misoondnctr - These men instantly communicated wi fc the sh an - tees, and^.were' instructed aiicl encouraged by them either^tsf evade - the summons .ot'to sot "hat"nonghtT^The ;bush"was~betweeif iihenr 'and^Elmina,' -ahdJ 'they ' ' were-' 'tdld that a—British -force-would--be- powerless - should It venture.. into the bush. Sir Garnet Wolspley thereupon took his measures with equal' skill and daring. First of ail; there crept through so *iety at Uape Ooast a rumor that Captain Glover was in a Critical position at Aocra, and that he reqiured-imme^iate assist ance. Under Cover of' this rumor Sir Garnet, promptly organised'a' strong expedition, which started by sea towards that-part of the coast, -but; whioh, in the dead of might, speedily re turned and disembarked at iilmina, without having raised the slightest suspicion in the. neighborhood; 'Sir Garnet Wolseley accom panied the expedition, personally supervised the arrangement of his troops, and set off before - dawn the next morning on his march through "the bush,' He took the enemy by surprise. He was attacked during the march, but aucceede'd in pushing through to the coast. The offending -"villages were burned to.the ground, their inhabitants having previously de camped. ' Tne inland depot was destroyed, and the expedition returned the same evening, to Elmina. ' This successful raid produced an ex cellent moral effect' on the natives, and seems to have greatly impressed the' Ashantees. News soon ' arrived at Cape Coast Castle that,, the. enemy had broken up his camp !at'- Maupon, where some' 40,000 'are said to been- conoentrated, and was hastily-re'-' treating across - the Prah-with the booty - they had been for months collecting. With 2,000 British' troOps Sir Garnet- could have inflicted, upon them a defeat which-would hive brought the war to a close; without a march upon the Ashautee, capital. Our General, however, did what-he-could.—On-the 27th.-Lieutenanh Pol lard, in command of a small force which he had on the spot,, and of a.contingent of-marines and bluejackets—with whom Sir Garnet Wolseley marched out of; Cape Coast Castle on receiving intelligence that the Ashantees were breaking up their camp—made a successful reconnai sance, and took a number of prisoners. On the same day there was a more important expedi tion. It was entrusted to Fantees and West Indians only, but commanded by Colonel Festing, and well supplied with European officers. The expedition, guided by a stray rAshantee, surprised the camp, and the -'Ashantees rushed out, leaving everything except the weapons in their hands. The 'camp, which contained stores of gunpowder, was burnt, and all waB successful; but the. Ashantees re-forming, chi- rged,'and potired suoh' a galling fire upon our men, .that the'officers iwe're compelled toxexpose themselves- mast rashly to keep them from flight. < Colonel Fest-' ing, afraid of nightfall, determined to fight his way back!to':Danquah,' Which, with the aid of a rocket' tube i managed' - by -Houssas,-1 be • did'J' " having had to fight eyery dnch of- the 'way,'' ■having-- five -{officers- .wounded, ' himself -in-; rcluded, losing 48 men, chie fly wounded'. • - The 'correepondeiicei 6ft the Dail^Nctos assures' -ub - that little1 tor no dependence can be placed on the natives. ~ ""Nothing will prevent ihe hrunt of [{the whole business from falling on the European officers. No native kings- will movei "without their help ; no-native tribe will fight, unless one at least is' present; no skirmish is successful ualess they lead it." Iu the official despatches narrating these events Sir Garnet Woheley makes the following important" re marks : My ..movements ,£*yei .alls -been directed at one end. It has been my object to avoid heading .the Ashantees in their retreat, and at the same time to make as much display.,, of'ouV European force_.ias -possible in! various .^directions, I desire not L only to hasten the enemy's retreat, which is neces sary before I can advance beyond Mansue, biit to appear to be cdriving. bim out of the country, in hopes that I may thus iustil some .spirit into the Fantees, and induce them to rite, auc^ harass , the retiring enemy, as would ;tliey do so, they might inflict very heavy losses, upon him. At" the same time I have" done all in my power to srnre the European troops and ■sailors undue fa "ague. My position is somewhat .humiliating. The enemy's main column of re treat is within an., easy march of my head quarters, and I have no force capable of cattacking it. Yet, on the .whole, X am some owhat better placed than I had hoped to be. In itwo actions we have surprised and defeated our enemies.,. Tuey have broken up their. catnp at Mampoh,-^rhich was a utahdi'ng^menace to- Cape Coast and Elmina. They are commencing to ^retir.o.j to; their, .own country, .and, in copse*, Sequence of the strong posts we have established oh the main road by which they came, they are compelled to bebklihotESr'.wdy for their retreat. On the other hand, every day's bitter expe rience teaches me the utter worthlessness of the' native allies, :fr«m whom-1 had expected some "little help, and convinces me more and more' °f ally'that no decisive blow can be struck_at the .Ashanteis, and this war can never brought to an end, except by disciplined European troops." Sir Gurnet has issued"'a proclamation to ali kings, chiefs, and tribes "on the Gold-Coast, urging them .to.pursue the Ashantees, which, -however, they are not-likely t.i do. But his rdemand for troops is bfeing .complied with. ' A ' considerable number have been seat out in the Himalaya, andC!Taabirl, arid! the' ,42nd. High, landers-are"oirdered -to- he- embarked- at -Ports-: " mouth as soou as possible!- A Oh their arrival it ■is probable that.there wUl be a march upon 'Coomassie from Cape Coast Castle, by the road which is being made by the Fantees, and by Accra, where Uapt. Gordon has got together a considerable force of Houssas, who are good ia fighting and the sworn foes of the Ashantees. Meanwhile Sir Garnet ha3 sent ah 'ultimatum to the King of Ashantee, who, if fearful of the issue, will do his utmost to procrastinate, so as to tide over the favorable season for warlike operations. He has sent-word that the railway project is of no use, but arrangements are in progress for supplying bim with' a telegraphic wire. At the request of the Government the' Wtsleyans have placed at the command of •' Sir4 Garnet one of their jmost .exphrieneed agents on the coast, who has resided at. Goomassie, and whoBe ! knowledge of the dialects spoken, of thej habits., of the. people, and^.of^ the topography of {ho country, will' do 'most valuable. The Daily Telegraph ha* a letter dated Cape Coast Castlo, October 31, which says«" Our wouiided are doing welL Colonel McNeil-leaves, to-day for Madeira,. Colonel Festing, Captains Forbes and Haynes, and Lieu.ts, Godwin and. Filliter are all pro gressing favorably. To this news I can add the -testimony of officers who have been into the bush that further inland the climate is delight ful, day and night, no mosquitos, plenty to eat, and good water to drink. Some who started from here looking like ghosts have come back strong healthy men. Ashantee prisoners are coming in daily, haggard wretches, who devour ravenously the food offered to them. The re ports'they bring with regard to their own affairs are very conflicting. Some state that King Coffee Calcalli is dead, others .that. Adjiempan is deceased, several that they have "no lead or powder left, and that they are subsisting on dry; cassada brought from Coomassie, and, finally, that they are trying"to get back to Ashantee Land through Wassaw, Gommendee, and Assin. The Mampon army contains the flower of King^offee'a,-.troops,/**'The (Daily News' correspondenh'gives'an-'afiiusing account of the baggage train. Only the women, it ap pears, are of real use ; but 'th'ey, habituated to obedience and to toil, make capital carriers, crowding to enlist; land;each/.though carrying a-box of ammunition ohberbead'atid'a baby on her? hip, keeping well up with the line of march. * -, " . Inhere is a perceptible change of opinion since.the liberal viotoEiesiof Bath and Taunton, and; Mr. J3right's masterly speech at Birming hani.Ej; l£is though trthat there; ia' not sufficient " ConservatiyB;,rqaction" - to: give. Mr. Disraeli a chabce of "getting* a "majority"at the general election, and ithiat.therefore, the.reconstructed Gladstone Administration ought to have a fair chance. During the -month' Ministers-have been quietly elaborating their measures—at least taking counsel together, and the last, of their-fiabinet meetings-for the present was held on ^Wednesday. Meanwhile their hands have been somewhat strengthened by^ ibe Infusion of hew blood in'-o the Ministry. The long-con templated retirements .of Mr. Mpnsell has enabled them to make Dr. Lyon Playfair Post master- General—a' gentleman who. was con spicuous for his opposition to Mr. Gladstone's Irish-University scheme. The substitution of Mr; Playfair, a Scotchman and rPrptestant, for the' Catholic Mr,, Monsell,- naturally suggests that the .Government' will',"not again meddle with Irish'educatioh,-l :or do aught to conciliate the! Irish priests. The death of Chief Justice Bovill, of- tfae'jQommon Pleas—jvlio presidedlaat year at the Tichborne trial, vand perhaps im paired his health'?'by the. J'close-confinement— created an important vacancy which' Sir John Coleridge tV^s,-"after some hesitation, •induced ; to fill, and the new Chief Justice is to have - a peerage. Mr. .James, 'bas;; now become Attorney-General,j;and; JVIr?" Yarnon Harcourt, the! distinguished-, jurist.('_lP£istoricus"_ of the Times), and a politician who has made his mark in the House of Commons, has accepted the post of Solicitor- General. Both he and Dr. Playfair will be an acquisition to the Govern ment. • ' The exact nature of the measures which will be submitted; to, Parliament—which is . sum moned to meet on February 5, for the dispatch. " of diver3 urgent and important business"— is. of course a Cabinet secret. Of course there ar'eiplenty of guessesron the subject, ^The fol lowing'-programme, given by one'of • those ubi quitous gentlemen, "a London correspondent," oh the information of " an old and leading member of the Liberal party," is probably not far from the mafkj albeit it may be evolved out of his inner consciousness.". He says The leading- measures of 1874 will deal with the BUbject of local taxation, and with the transfer and descent' of, landed property. The Bill on the subject of local taxation contains a mnoh more comprehensive scheme than Mr. Stans feld's three ill-fated Bills of - last session. Mr. Gladstone has taken up the subject himself, and aB the proposals of th'e Government'on local taxa tion will be.intimately connected with the finan cial ai? rangeinents'o'f the year; the Bill on-that sub ject-; will .be submitted, to Parliament-by Mr. Gladstone himself., The question of land will probably'be treated in two separate bills, one of which, dealing.:with the transfer of land, will be introduced by the Lord Chancellor, and the other, relafihg~t6 primogeniture'and entail, will he first laidcbefore the House of Commons, and will bp under the charge of the Attorney General. At a very early period of the session the Lord Chancellor will bring in a Bill for the purpose'of "transfer ring the hearing of Scotch and-Irish.appeals from the House of Lords to the new Appellate Tribunal constituted:-by the Act of -last -session; and of sanctioning the ap pointment of two Irish and two Scotch judges as members of the Appellate Court. Mr. .Glad-, stone*," ih1his capacity of Chancellor of the 'Ex chequer, will lay before ;PSfliamml a measure relating tb- insurance by--the Post-0 ffice, and will, it.is; believed, propose to reduce the sum for which" the .Government may insure to so small an amount that tbe.Ppst-Office will to a •large extent supersede the existing Benefit Societies; The tHome ' Secretary,- will be., en-, -trusted with a-Bill relating to the Law.of Con spiracy and the axis ting. Criminal Law Amend ment and -'Master Land- Servants; Acts. The Home: Secretary . has, also in preparation a -measure relating to-the municipal government of the metropolis,'but it'is uncertain whether "there-will .be. amiopportunity ;of ^bringing the subject before Parliament ne.xt session,., A.-Bill on the subject of juries;_whiohiiWiUMbedntrq duced by the Attorney-General, will, it is under stoodVi.be "more elaborate in its* character ihan; Sir.John D.tQoleridge's Bill,of dastyear;:. The Registration Bill, wbioh was rejected- by the House ef Lords last year, will be, reintro-" dnced, and will be under the charge of the" SoUcitpr^General.-: The /Government have re solved" not" to i'touch . the -iquestioh of the, county franchise,this] year. ' If, however, a Bill is Introduced by a .'private] member .they will",express'themselves favorable'to the prin ciple .qf. lowering the. county, franchise, though. believing, that, the sqbjdot.cahnbt be dealt .'with :aloiie, but "must'be considered'albng- with other questions affecting .Jt'he,.'distribution ofpolitical po wer. - The-'-Go ver nment -will-propose-to-legis late on tbe subject of the 25 th clause, but I am not "able to tell what are the proposals on .this point which they will submit to Parliament. It is said, however, that the nature of their amendment will be as follows :—They will with draw from School Boards the power of paying fees for the chifdren of poor parents at denomi national' schools. _The' parent, however, - will havel.the option ofAendihg liis child to any duly certified 'elementary school, provided that; tbe 'managers are willmg 'to re'ceivu it: Without: payment of fees, oc that any charitable person! is "disposed to undertake'-: the payment'-of ".th'e fees';^^Ofrc!'o'ursej-if "fieither'of" these, cbnditions, exiatt'the- child - •will'c.hhve';ta';gd^t63tlie: Board; .SjchoplifC''Au?Merchant 1 Shipping' Amendment. jAdt cSmpletes rthe.lisH-of. the moreimportant. measures which Will be/submitted'to' .Parlia^ ment-fiext^essjon; -o;: m/a. ! It is quite pdsSibleV thdugh hardly: probable, '.that'Governmentanay: resolve to/deal with-] the 'iSrish Education-Board,—which- in-respeot to-the Rev.,-Mr. O'JLeefe have . set Ministers and" IfarliamentL at. dpfianoe-r ...The. CpuiinisaionerSj in accordance'.with tbeTf^quirement3 oFthe Go-' .•vjerninenb, senifan Iflspe.ctdr*rtb*" examine Mr. Q'.Keefe's schools at Gallan, with aview to their recognition as' national schools—that Catholic priest having been disowned by them without' a hearing because i his Bishop had condemned him.,-. "The ''Commissioners, though the] In .speotor^B—report-was favorable,-refused to re place the schools", on the ground that in one of his letters Rather O'Keefe had 'stigmatised one of the s atomants, of the Commissioners "sis an " infernal lie ;" "that he was a degraded priest, and that he had a 01 cud a false name'to a docu ment. Tnis was carried by 9 to 7 votes, the minority signing a formal protest against the decision. In view of these facts it is said the Government will propose a Bill in Parliament, removing the present Commissioners and substituting for them a paid Board of three members,. I Last week Mr. Disraeli paid his long-promised visit to Glasgow to be installed aB Lord Rector of the University—a ceremony which was de ferred last year owing to the lamented death of the Countess of Beaconsfield. On Wednesday the 'ri'ght' hori, gentlemen appeared befor'e the students and a crowded audience, and delivered a lively and plesaant address. He began by commenting on the great want of self-knowledge from which young men suffer who have great aspirations, and are apt to mis take susceptibility for/geniuif and ambition*, for power.j *TheffiTie advised tttem to studyVthe spirit of the Present rather more than is'ii'sual in youth, whether the use they make of their knowledge be to accept it, as they often must, or to oppose it, as they often ought to do. The spirit of the present- age, he said, was, on the whole, the spirit -of equality, to some'forms of which—the 'desire for civil equality, for in stance—he gave in his fullest adherence; while to others—the claim for social equality, and material equality especially—he advised the most stienuous opposition. He referred the recent misfortunes of France^-and:,he observed iaoidentally-that •he*'-had felt almost aa'bitter a feeling when he heard of the beleaguering of Paris and of the breach made in the wall, as he used to feel a* a child in reading "that Lysander had entered the city: of.the Violet Crown"—to the. clean sweep of social, inequalities made after 1789, and: he ended his speech with an eloquent panegyric on the religious spirit, which must ultimately prevent the spread of the new opinions. In the evening the right hon. gen tleman was entertained at a non-political ban quet, and in the course of his speech said that he had now led the Tory party for 25 years— longer, he believed, than any other party leader in Parliamentary history—and he declared that so' far from there being any wish in the party :to get rid of his leadership, whenever he had desired to, relinquish !iti the party had always insisted'on his retaining the lead, '' and the only difference to me has been that they were the more indulgent and the more kind." Mr. -Disraeli went on to speak at length on the sub ject of the present commercial perturbation and the i high value of money, which he attributed almost wholly to ■ the great changes which various countries in Eupore and various Go vernments in Europe are making with reference to their standard of value. Mr. Disraeli was presented on Thursday with tho; freedom of the City t of Glasgow. He acknowledged the compliment in a short speech. Latdr in the day he received a representative ■ deputation of factory workers, to whom he said that his support of the Factory Bill was one of the most satisfactory incidents of his life. Mr. Disraeli's concluding address at Glasgow, on Saturday afternoon, to "Conservative work ing imen," bore the character of a" political manifesto. He defended his recent Bath letter witii considerable animation, and attacked the Government with much vehemence. He dis claimed ever making use of "violent" language, though he confessed to (occasionally employing '"strong"language, and baled his audience to suppose that his most controverted "utterances are always distinguished by severe accuracy. Referring to the approaching session of Parlia ment, he said that one of the first subjects to be. dealt with would be the Ashantee War; and; while he declared that Ke'would now keep hiB mouth closed upon it, he managed to con demn it as a " mysterious"meBS." Parliamen tary reform was the next topic touched upon, and; the. remarks on thiB head will be read., with general interest,.' Mr. Disraeli deprecates ,the proposed assimi'ation ■ of -the borough and county franchise, and he looks askance at a wide redistribution of seats. He regards it as. dangerous to be perpetually dwelling upon organic changes; and. he thinks it "perfectly disgusting" fotprivate members of the House of Commons to jump up and make propositions which demand "the gravest con sideration of prolonged and protracted Cabi nets, and all the responsibility that comes from experienced statesmen." But while he willnjt vote for any measure having such a parentage, he will give to any proposal of Her Majesty's Government " respectful and candid consider ation." Having dwelt upon the perplexing relations between employers and employed, Mr. Disraeli, in conlusion, enlarged upon the contest " that is commencing in Europe be tween the spiritualaud temporal powers." He should look upon it as the greatest danger to civilization if, in the struggle between faith and free thought, the respective sides should only be represented by the Papacy and the Red Republic. Under certain circumstances it may be open to England again to take a stand upon the Reformation, which 300 years ago was the source of her greatness and her glory, and it may be her prcud destiny to guard civilization alike from the1 " withering blast of atheism and from the simoom of sacerdotal usurpation." Mr. Disraeli's visit to Glasgow has not proved to be an event of great political importance, though it has enhanced tho general respect for the right hon. gentleman- as a. man of letters and a public man. During the month a good deal of public in terest has been excited relative to the triennial School Board elections throughout .the country. Three years ago' the "alliance between the Ohurch of England and the Roman Catholics enabled them to secure majorities generally, on the newly-formed School Boards especially, by the agency of the cumulative votes. Conse quently the proper development of the Sohool Board system has been greatly restricted, though the 25th c'ause of the Education Act, which enables Boards to provide for the pay ment of fees on behalf of indigent children out of -the rates* haa-been-nowhere abused except in Mancheslei7Salforid,-afid oneor two other places. Manchester was the first to elect a new School Boiard, and there the apathy of the Liberals ^enabled the Denominationalists to secure an easy triumph. They have, :as they-had both in Manchester and Sal ford, a decided majority in the new Boards. In Liverpool the" result was somewhat different. Five Catholics, by means of! the cumulative vote, were returned at the head of the poll, and they were followed by five Orangemen or anti-concurrent endowment members. As the others,, with-the exception of- one clergymen, are Wesleyans o'i unsec tarians, there is no doubt that the new Liver-' pool School Board will do little to sustain .the sectarian system. Great interest was naturally excited by the Birmingham eleotion, where .an error in tactics on the part of. the League-enabled the Episcopalians and Catholics to get a majority on the latevBoard. - This-state of things was reversed last week. The ''Liberal Eight" triumphed over the "Bible Eight," the former carrying all their men by large majorities, the latter only six. Thus the Liberals haye, a m^j jrity on thernew Board^ spite! of' 'til? political1 pfayer' JmeetihgM,- 'and other devices of their opponents. Precisely the sajme result has followed as Bradford, Notting ham, andlottieeiplace.1 j. Yesterday the.elec'tions for the London School Boards took' place. The conflict has been remarkable for the sudden action of the clergy, who dread the multiplica tion of Board schools, and cry out against un fair.- competition. A Committee .was formed. 'ccimprisingBord Banbury and LordjShaf tesbury* ■ -tb bring forward thorough "Ohuroh'- candid^tes," aiid some 20 were brought forward under their auspices ; the plan of operations being directed by Canon Gregory and the National^ Society. •Tjhe London Board consists of'49 ■mdmoers, who are returned by the ten divisons- ofi'the metro polis. The City of London elects 4; Chelsea, 4;; Finsbury, 6; Greenwich, 4; Hackney, 5; Lambeth, 5; Marylebone, 7; Southwark, 4 ; the Tower Hamlets, 5jr and (Westminster, 5. For the 49 seats' there were 75 candidates at the closing of the nomination lists, and in all the ten divisions there were contests except Finsbury, where the candidates equal the required sum *ber of members. These candidates include four ladies0-two put 'up for 'Marylebphej^ene Miss Barfiury " for' the'"" city,~ "and ^one -Miss Guest for Greenwich. Canon Gregory put up for the ci-.y,. and with."him was joined a Mr. Peck,-who oame out :against the sitting members, who jointly came forward on the ground of religious education, the preserva tion of " voluntary" schools and economy of the ratep. The., Canon has- been a.^faqat'ical opponent of' the t London* Shard." "He Mas' op«' posed their schemes in both Houses of Parlia ment, and. was signally, defeated. _ But his false statistics; and misrepresentations, though 'oft refuted, have been again and again produced; and for this occasion the,Ritualists arn^Evan,-: gelioals formed an"alliahce'to'return opponents' of the Sohool Board, and latt Sunday in a large number ^of churches , " the; {pulpit, ecclesiastic" was assiduously beaten.-."Yery few of the members of what is now to be regarded as the late :T3oard sympathise with thia move ment; and' many iof . them, albeit1 ;sttanbb Church, were opposed by the National Society's Committee. This has given a good deal of ex citement "t'b "the" "elections, "and" aroused a good deal of "antagonism in 'the liberal press. For example, the Daily Telegraph, - which is de cidedly favorable to the Church Establishment, dwelt upon the issues of the contest yesterday in the following fashion-v - • Mr. Forster himself Mas almost gone out of his way at Liverpool to bestow hearty praise on the: fashion in which the London School Board has met the religious difficulty. " It is true that some candidates have been unscrupu lous enough to write an'dtjoeak as if the battle lay between religion and secularism ; but that is an" impudent misrepresentation. Church men, therefore. cau vote for. the undenomi national candidates with a safe conscience. ; On the other hand, the denominational candidates are the sworn, foes of .the Education Act. , They would tear it to pieces if they mould/ They would abolish the London School f3oard- to morrow' if fhey were able. . We' defy them to contradict us when we • say - that they took a place . among its members in order to prevent it from carrying out the design- of the- Education Act, and in order-to make it an engine of sectarianism. ; They demand that oatechismB, oreeds,. dogmas shall be pushed into]every lesson, and bepushid by themselves." "The "system is. pursued with consummate skill by"the most logical of teach ers, :'the Jesuits; but the Conscience Clause forbjdkits- full development iu all Church schobls that accept aid from the State, -and the verdict ofthe English people on the method has more than once been pronounced with historic emphasis." ' It is impossible to Speak too plainly, on this subject. - we shall not be accused of' displaying hostility to the Church; but-we warn Canon Gregory and his friends that whatever may be the result of the elections to-day, the system of which they are the champions can only stir up hostility to the'Establishment. Denomina tional education is entitled to fair play, • and it has got rather more. It did much to teaoh the young at a time when ho national, system existed, and its aid is still welcome,' -dint we - may remark that the teaohing given in ndany Churoh schools is wretchedly,'- 'scandalously bad, compared for example, with the 'results of Prussian, education. It is humiliating to find, as Mr. Joh'n'Morley - has said," " .that'the, mass' of the-children leaving school at 10 or 11 do so without any real, effective, or lasting facilit/ in the 'us i of the eimplest-ihtellebtual-instra-'j ments,1' and the cause is found in the fact that managers "of the Church school^, care far more abodt- the Catechism * than' about arithmetic.' They are much less-eager to inake the children good scholars than good Churchmen/ They use the schools' as nurseries of hostility to Dissent, Hence any one who votes to "day"for Cation Gregory or Canon Cromwell votes for clerical bigotry and domination,-'for sec- arian.hatred, for wretchedly-taught reading, writing, -and arithmetic,- for stunted- intelligences/and for the destruction of the national system,- which is the greatest work of the present Parliament. Notwithstanding, however, the audacity of the attempt on the part of Canon Gregory, and the National Society to lay their hands on the School Board syatein of London with a .vie w to throttle it, they will not be beaten as' they deserve. By 'means of abundant' pecuniary resources, parochial organization, plentiful circulation of falsehoods, in the shape of bills and posters, and sordid appeals. to" the rate payers, they have been able probably to carry some of their candidates. Bat the result of yesterday's elections will not, perhaps, he known; till to-morrow morning, except .in the case 'of isolated .contests.., My impression^is, that while Canon Gregory and one or/two .of the clerical Beds wi'l be returned, the consti tution of the London Board will not be mate-! rially.altered, and that, most of the 30 members of the old Board who have;sought re-election.I have been returned. : .Lord; Lawrenpe, the late Chairman, retired, 'and I dare say there.will be | a majority on the new Board tp elect Mr. JEteed, M. P., who has worked hard as Vice-Chairman, as hiB successor. London-is so- big and-un wieldy that nothing will move it. Probably less than one-half—perhaps not more than one- / third—of the ratepaying constituencies went to the ballot yesterday, and in few of the educa tion divisions was there anything like excite ment. : But the working men took more interest in the election than-on the last occa sion,- and I dare- say their votes have not been •without good effect. Possibly more definite in formation; may be given in a postscript, • We have had-a;long respite fiom fche Tich borne trial, which was postponed to enable the J prosecution to obtain -rebutting., evidence in-j respect to/the!.Danish witness, Jean-Luie, who; without"" previous warning,- was .produced by Dr. Kenealy, and swore—on the 15th: and 16th of, October—that in 185-4.' he . sailed from Soaten Island in the Osprey, of New "York, and formerly the Helvetia; of Hew, Orleans, owned by one Falkenburg, and loaded by one Thomp son, of New -York, and which-had picked up the defendant at-sea,1-200 or-330 miles from Rio and taken him to Melbourne./ Yesterday being the 129th day;of th"er -trial, --proceedings were resumed in the Court of Queen's Bench.' Mr. Purcell, the barrister who went- out to - New York on the part of-the prosecution, was first" called,'and gave the result of his enquiries as to the ship at New-York; -where the owners and i agents'were said to have been, and also Wash- 4 ingtoh, - Where records are kept of all the ' registers granted to merchant vessels; and/ he' stated that .he ,'had - been .unable to : find' !ahy-: ti aces ' of 1such* an ' Qsprey' aS' j had been'dasoribed, to which-any'one named j had belonged. ,,One of t^e. revenue officers'of j the State of New York was called'to.prove that vessels never loaded at Staten Island, as stated by.iLuie, of the Osprey, and thatno such vessel had been known, there. . Another witness who; had "been 'in'the office of/.the,stevedore at New York said to have/loaded the ship, was called to negative that statement, and to show ] that the alleged owners had .never had such a ship. .Lastly stepped into the box. one Mr,.| Joseph.de Eosez, a;member of the-well-known ' firm of Messrs. Piakerton, the Pol laky s of Chi cago. ;Mr.,de Kosez evidence was to the effect that/there.was ja.lTewbury.avepue, phioagp, but J that' had in it no " grog- shop", owned by ;any person of the name of Jean Luie ; that in Nine- [ teenth-street,.Brooklyn, State.of NewYork./thel names of both Jean Luie and Carl Anderson.' .Were altogether unknown; that-there was. in all. Jersey City no such streqt as Caroline-street j ] thiit there was no trace of any steameycalled, the Ironside plying upon Lakp Erie in* 1851; and ,that "Harry the sailmaker,' of Wi)li$m>, stre'etj^.was not to be,djscpyered in/New Y/ork." M/ir. de Rosez, who was iu all-;res'peeta-medel deteotive officer^ took a keen cross-examination^ / with the,; rngskperfpct goodhupjor;; - Tg {nnder aitandgfu.ly the effect of his, e^amipafcion-iu-. chief,- the-reader must-consult-for-hiinself—the; , e vide ace. J. ■ •_ • ftK.Luie'himBelf satin Court fche_whole-day.; by .thes Btde of • t'ne/:detendaht,v,and heard-all tnat the witnesses.had -to'say-witH a/quiet and confident' smile. Mr.' Whalley' alscr—who; -it wks recently ""announced, had withdrawn from tile case—sat^ by the sidcof' My. Cooper Wyld, arid took an-'hctive share - in the1 daiya proceed ings. -ItWas part of Mr.-Whalley's misaion to' America to test - and;' verify the statements made'by Luie, and his presence'in Court Was consequently intelligible. . ' When the Court resumed thia: mdrningj the first witness called was Nicholas Wagner Casey, Auditor of the Customs at New Orleans. He1 said that in 1852 and 1853 only two vessels j named the'Osprey were in New Orleans harbor. The first was a steamship/ commanded by John Power, which on the 17th of December, 1852, oleared from New Orleans for New York by way , of Havannah. ; He produced her original mani- / feat. She was of 670 tons, and was built in the United States. (The jOsprey, mentioned by "Luie was a sailing vessel.) The"other Osprey-i was a sailing.ship,* Willerton being master, and Jshe Entered tbe'port on the 28th of December,' 1853, having come from Liverpool. : She/ Was; British !)dilt; and sailed under the English flag; rThere Was' no: record 'of'her'having left,, as, during the'civil war, some Customs' records of | clearahces' Were destroyed. The original mani fest of this" voksel was also produced.' She Was of 465 tins, and was built at Bristol. ■ Thai witness, next gave an aooount of the ship " - , >, i i •_ • . : - ' ■ ■■■■■ ... • ; ■.4 • Helvetia,.Marsh, master, whioh. it.. was_8pg. fasted hadrbeen converted into ,thp rOsprey, . ■ and on wh(ch T'Luie said'.he sailed.The b-r usualrecords Tconn'ected with "herat" New". Orleans WBre not forthcoming, but frond' a bond which he had discovered'it appeared that she -p \- left that port'towards the end of 1851.; The : witness 'said he !had searched the records'at . New York in regard to this ship, and he showed' by-the entriespthat 'she had- regularly -traded-'-''' between that city and Havre from October, 1851, to February, ' 1855. In the -list of »the v/" crew; registered at New York in'iDeoemb'erj'"- ^ 1851, the name of Jean Luie did not{;Occur.3oj3 _ The witness said ho had comparedJtbe co'py.pf the list which he produced with the original;'"~ ' Luie'a name did not appear "Tin any subsequent. lists: of the Helvetia's crew .which he had Examined. Having explained that all American vessels were either registered' or licensed, he said that, having examined the records at New Orleans from 1850 to 1854, The found that mo ~„ . vessel called the Helvetia had changed its name g* to 'the Ospreyj and that there was; no "trace" :of an Osprey-or a: Helvetia except; those heThad u.ir.X. ^mentioned'; nor .ofl a -Swedish, _ Danish,.' i. or- ' Norwegian . . vessel.with. ' a.; master: Gir: named Banaett or Bennet. The Helvetia T.LIYT was entered as of 9Z1"! .tons. William : Lewis;waa bne of the .'crew in mne .list. 'TJohh'./i' Avery Parker Allen,'Collector "ofOjxsfcoms Tat-jjcco New Bedford, Masaaahuaettsp-produced the log book of mn'Osprey. which left that port :on the'.Tb; 4th of June, 1851, and returned on ihe 1st,of ;;;eso October, 1854. It contained a daily record of the vessel within!those periods. Ho'said tharePX-: was no entry of any other Osprey. having left: j a I: the port in 1851, 1852, orJL853. He also pro duced the.origihalTmMufeBts, as well', as the-luto g "of the crew of the Osprey,. with the. changes, in.; jjr G . it; In July or August last he saw Mr. Whalley at-New Bedford, and he was with.him for. from ~.g .four and a-half to five hours. (A laugh.) ; B.o. my, Went with him to the -City Library. In" ^oross-examinationi the witness 1 said, ;r.her IT -had| been.'.jn .i.this;. ^country ainoe.i.October.'jhg.'J. -last.; Dr. Kenealy said:: he .understood jsgI-j . that, the object of the recent adjournment was; to .enable, witnesses J to., bei brougbtifrom .al : America;-and he objected to people who had been in England-gincg October last being called to gave rebutting evidence;*' Nothing had been 'said; about such witnesses;,; "The Lord Chief. Justace observed that, on-^the: contrary, whbn- 01' Mr.; Hawkins mentioned that -the Orowh-had brought over the .captain "of;the. New Bedford iGsprey (whioh'D'r.: iSeriedly • referred to on his 'opening), and alsd'i"th2»|-I6g-Bhb&,'"th "(great shout of trialph ;ofTjaur part." Dr. ."Knealy Certainly fib was not .Bo'.re'oeived '.by. Y 'me. i The Lord, Chfqf- Justice: I saw-you IT j ilaughing, Dr. Kenealy;-.vw^hsay own eyes. -.Of.v/ Tcourbe, it ngight nave beBni at something elsp.-.Y .Dr. I Kenealy: Dqmmpt ppnscipuB, of haying.;-X!03 laug^d tojfoi: jraj*®? fjWtifiCir said that gjp . wheji it "appeared that the Orown were on'the :p. wrong scantj ithe'evidencerof the. captain pf the ,' New Bedford Qsprpy, and thepother ; witnesses . he. had;in regard to ityTwpuld have;had .no, rblo.-;f,P(j.; yanpy until evidence had been: obtained from... America.—(Left sitting). — — — The news from India, though bad enough, is less serious,than; was at one time expected, The scarcity in Bengal will affect about twenty- four millions of people, but it is hoped that Madras and Bombay will be spared the horrors of famine. However, in a few weeks the Go- vernment,, will have to provide a food supply for this immense population. The general aspect of the case and the plans adopted by Lord Northbrook, and his colleagues are thus explained in a letter from the Secretary for India, the Duke of Argyll, to the Lord Mayor, who is uncertain whether he should start a relief , fund in London. His Grace says—"The state of the Eastern districts is considered better than had been expected, and—prices were not ex- treme, though there was little rice in the market. Behar and North Bengal were still causing much anxiety, but the Lieutenant-Go- vernor hoped, that the rain which usually falls in the cold season and free importation might avert the worst calamity. It will be interest- ing to your Lordship to know what has been communicated to me by the Viceroy of his in- tended measures. He states that the Soane Canal works will be enlarged and the Northern Bengal Railway commenced. Besides this the Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal has been authorised to enter upon additional local works, and to employ those who need work, paying wages in grain, for which purpose supplies are being laid in by Government from Burmah and Madras. The railway rates for the conveyance of grain to distressed districts have, at the Viceroy's suggestion, been reduced one-half. Help will, if needful, be given from the Com- misariat, and funds, will be allotted to the Lieutenant-Governor for granting laans (sic) to municipalities. Central and District. Com- mittees will be formed, and funds will be granted to them for the relief of local distress. Loans will be granted at easy rates for land improvements, and, advances for distribution will be given to landholders and others. No critical distress was anticipated before February or March, and all possible arrangements were being or would be made before the actual pressure arrived. According to a late telegram from Calcutta, the Viceroy expresses confidence that the arrangements made in the shape of relief works, &c.;, are adequate to meet the emergency. Though the numbers who are, or rather will soon be, deprived of food and the means of securing it are so overwhelm- ing, there is no fear that the terrible experience of Orissa a few years, ago when hundreds of thousands died of starvation; will be repeated in Bengal. The Government had not thought it necessary to prohibit the exportation of grain. 