MR. J. J. D. JENNINGS AND HIS ANTECEDENTS. We have received from the Rev. James Bickford a letter dictated by Mr. J. J. D. Jennings after he had been made acquainted with the contents of the article headed as above, appearing in our daily, issues of February 2. At the request of the rev. gentleman we here reproduce it, with the postscript of Mr. Jennings, jun. Accom panying this are the two documents referred to in the body of the letter:— "Stratbalbyn, February 2, 1874. "Rev. and Dear Sir— I have instructed my son to say to you, in answer to the statements in this mornings Register, and which have been read to me by the Rev. Mr. Simpson, that I can see nothing more in it than a reiteration of all their attacks on me. There is no official con- tradiction of one word I have ever said; but much that I never uttered they have published. They say in this account that I stated I belonged to Her Majesty's household. I never did make such a statement. I said, what I now affirm, that I attended her when travelling. ' The name Edward is a typographical error. I am at a loss to know why those who have pur- sued me so bitterly even to my deathbed did not procure their information from the Admiralty direct instead of getting it from the waste-paper basket of some unknown merchant. The day I had the interview with Messrs. Andrews and Thomas at the Register Office I wrote to England and sent a memorial through a friend direct to Her Majesty; also a memorial that I may have a copy of the permission granted to my uncle,, Admiral Durham, on my account permitting me to wear my uniform. I have received a letter from Sir Thomas Biddulph, stating my friend sent the memorial in re uniform to the wrong office. My friend states he has since forwarded the memorial to the proper quarter, and will send the information required. He also states he would send me the 'Army and Navy List' I am in hopes of receiving by the incoming mail letters that will refute this slander. I may not live to see them; but my son will show them, and the Register will yet have to answer for their uncalled-for slander. I am on my death bed, no doubt: if so, I assure you their charge is false, and any sincere friend writing direct to the Admiralty will see in the shipping records my name in the lists of the brigs Camelior and Sparrowhawk, the sloop Dart, and in the registered lists of the Asia in '29, the Donegal in Channel in '30. I bear the marks of my wounds plainly. I am not able to dictate any more, but I appeal to my friends to pause in their belief of the publication referred to, and to ask this question— What has been my conduct in South Australia to warrant the Register branding me as an impostor? Have I sought pecuniary benefit by imposition or by means of my title? My friends will see how paltry the infor mation is received by the Register having no legal standing:. The information from the Ad- miralty would be far more assuring than from tho paid agent of the Register. My commissions and other valuables were destroyed by fire in the har bour of Huhahine, when the Rev. Mr. Barff was stationed there in 1834, never having been doubted on any occasion before. I never needed official documents. I told the Rev. G, Lee long ago these facts. I leave this, dear Sir, in your hands. I am before my heavenly Father awaiting His fiat. I am prepared to meet Him; but this I know, in face of all said, He will bring forth my righteousness as the noon day. 'Dictated by Lieut. Jennings, R.N., to Rev. Jas. Bickford. ' Jas. J. Jennings, Jun. ' P.S.— You will see father has written home by the letters I send you; the paragraphs marked bear on the subject. Our first impulse on receiving the above communication was to print it without a word of comment, but as it contains state ments which might mislead those who have not the article to which it refers before them we feel it necessary where it impugns our conduct simply to recall to mind the facts of the case. From first to last we have had no other object than to elicit the truth, and with that end in view we are not disposed to allow bald assertions, totally unsupported by evi- dence, to prevail over such testimony as we have been able to present It is not a pleasant task to have to return to the subject at all, but there is scarcely an alternative left us in the matter. The statement— 'There is no official contradiction of one word I have ever said, but much that I never uttered, they have published' Is altogether wide of the fact. Our article dealt with those pretensions of Mr. Jennings for which we gave chapter and verse, and with . nothing else, At Moonta on July 30, 1873, Mr. Jennings stated that he had been an Equerry of. Princess Victoria, an office certainly attaching to the Royal household, and it was into the truth of this allegation that our agent in London was directed to enquire! The information given with regard to 'Edward Jennings' was procured from an official source, namely, from the Navy List for each year between 1820 and 1840. This Navy list was examined at the Admiralty and at Messrs. Chard's, Navy Agents, Clifford's Inn, Fleet-street. It is sug- gested that the 'Edward' is a typo- graphical error, but it is scarcely likely that it would have been continued for twenty years in a compilation published four times a year. Besides this the date at which the name of Edward Jennings dropped out of the list does not at all correspond with that at which Mr. J. J. D. Jennings, according to his own account, left the service. Fur- thermore, we nave incontestible evidence that Lieutenant Edward Jennings, born in Essex in 1793, and the son of David Jen nings, Esq., of Ballingrove, Ireland, re- mained in the service until March, 1842. The suggestion that our information was procured 'from .the, waste-paper basket of some unknown, merchant, is utterly unfounded; Irrespective of the examination at the Admiralty to which we have, alluded, a copy of the Navy List of 1833 was obtained as we had ordered. The one sent was from a city tradesman's stock of waste-paper, and it is worth just as much as if it had come direct from the , Admiralty. It is open for inspection at our office, together with the whole of the data upon which, our article was based. The refe- rences to the brigs Camelior and Sparrow hawk, the sloop Dart, the Asia, and the Donegal, open up new grounds into which we shall certainly not enter. Having in accordance with our promise instituted strict enquiry into the statements made by Mr. Jennings prior to August, 1873, and placed the result before our readers in as impartial and. dispassionate a manner as it lay in our power to do, our duty is at an end. In commenting upon the above letter to Mr. Bickford, which under the circumstances we have felt bound to publish, we have con- tented, ourselves with simply pointing out the fallacies which it; contains. Various communications bearing upon the subject of Mr. Jennings's pretensions have come to hand, but we are not inclined to pursue the subject further. '-------------------- Death fhom Drownisg.— On Wednesday morning, February 4, it was reported at the Fort Adelaide Police Station that Thomas Davidson, mate of the brig Emily Smith, and hrbther.of the master of that vessel, was missing. Fears were entertained that he had fallen from the wharf whilst attempting to go on board during the previous evening. The police pro ceeded at once to the spot, find almost imme diately dracged the bodytrom iho water beneath the stage laeading to the ship. The corpse was conveyed to the dead-house, and an inquest will be held to-day. Accidents. — On Tuesday, February 3, owing to Samuel Woods, a labourer, slipping from a ladder which was leaning against a house where he was working, to the ground, his shoulder- blade was broken, and bis chest and arms slightly bruised. On Monday, February 2, John Jeffrey, a labourer, of Cudtae Creek, was driving a spring-cart on his road home when the horse shied, and turning round sharply upset the vehicle. The occupant was thrown to the -?round, and the weight of the horse, which fell upon him, broke his right shoulder bone. Both these sufferers were admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, and are now doing well. Mabkje Boabd Enquiries. —On Wednesday, February 4, the evidence of Captain Wilson was taken in reference to the collision between the Bangatira and St. Magnus, and the enquiry was further adjourned until next day. An enquiry was also held respecting the grounding of the Cornuvia, but a decision was not arrived at. A Twbhtt-obb Dats'. Fast.— The Border Post states that on the 3rd ult Christian Nerrah, a Prussian, went to the River Murray to fish, with the intention of returning next day. When he got to the river he was seized with ill ness, and compelled to sleep out Next morn ing he was so enfeebled that he could not move for four days. After his legs became ri^ht he was enabled to move about, but had a relapse of the illness, and kept crawling until the 14th ult. without seeiDg a human being. On the date mentioned Mr. Beat, the superintendent of Mr. Adams, Ettamougah Vineyard, Seven Mile Creek, happened to pass, and casually enquired if he hooked any fish. He replied 'No,' faintly, and before he had time to make Disposition under stood the superintendent cantered off. On the 24th ult, however, Mr. Beat providentially happened to pass the body, and was ast jnished to observe the man was lying in the same posi tion in which he left him ten days before— on the same bend of the river. On questioning hid, he told Mr. Beat that he subsisted for twenty one days on nothing but the River Murray water ; that he was not hungry, but weak and sick. Mr. Beat fortunately had some bread and beef, of which the man ate. Nerrah was even tually conveyed to Albury. He was reduced to a mere shadow, and singularly enough he has a recollection of the evtats of every day during his monotonous prostration. The nearest resi dence to the secluded bend which he selected for exercising the 'gentle craft' is three miles and a half, and were it not for the wan derings of Mr. Beat, Nerrah's bleached bones would form another of the many distressing newspaper paragraphs which come under the heading of ' Skeleton found in the bush.' A New Inducement to Emigrate.— The Brisbane Courier has a novel scheme for inducing emigration to Queensland; It is to send to England a team of Australian bullocks, with a genuine Australian 'bullock puncher.' to take the Queensland exhibits to the agricultural dis tricts. This is not meant as a joke, as will be seen from the following :— ' It may be that the Annexe Show in London was not projected to induce agriculturists te emigrate to Queensland. It is undeniable that it failed as a means to that end. The agriculturists could not go to London to see the show— the gold, tin, copper, and other minerals ; the wheat,' potatoes, fruits, and other produce were all in the wrong place. How would it answer to take the show to the agricul tural districts ?. Two or three wagons on the orthodox travelling model would contain a powerful lot of exhibits. Were a team of genuine Australian bullocks bitched to each, under the care of a driver of the real bullock-punching persuasion, the show would be attractive. No one will doubt that. There would be no need of additional advertising. While the bullocks were being unyoked and pastured in some convenient paddock, and the drivers were making their tea and damper, there would be an audience collected for the lecture or explanation that might appropriately follow under a canvass covering. What crowds would come up next day for further information, and to satisfy their curiosity. ' Then would be the opportunity to secure emigrants. And the bullocks would upset the last doubVconcerning the sources of the Australian beef supply— not an unnecessary upset either, for to this day doubts exist in England whether Australian bullocks do not hop about en their tails and hind legs, after the fashion of the species kangaroo. Those who nay think the idea absurd, and beneath the dignity of this great country, are welcome to their notion. Ours has long been th&t; something special should be done to attract the attention of the class of people most in demand in this country.'' Irok Castings.— The Wallaroo paper reports that— 'Some time ago an additional engine, purchased for the Hamley Mine, in Victoria, reached Wallaroo Harbour by the Kangaroo steamer, but when landed ore of the three segments, each two tons in weight, of the 16 feet flywheel, was found to be snapped in each of its two arms close to the ring. The responsi bility to make this good of course fell upon the owners of the steamer. It was suggested that the fractures could be repaired, but this, though possible and permissible if th« fractures had been in the middle of the arms, could not be thought of so Dear the ring;. This necessitated the recasting of the segment in this colony. Adelaide was first thsugnt of, but when it was found by the metropolitan founders that the work had been undertaken by Mr.T. R. Heath, ironfounder. Wallaroo, there was a general smile of incredulity. Mr, Heath, however, determined to succeed, and for the purpose undertook greatly to enlarge his furnace and casting apparatus. After one or two little mishaps, he on Monday, February 2, succeeded in producing an admirable casting, the lare^t ever made on the Peninsula, and meeting with the fullest approbation of Captain Warren, of the Hamley Mine. The casting ia quite perfect, very sharp and uniform is all its parta, and it will be conveyed to the mine to-day. Great credit is due to Mr. Heath for the manner in which the work has been turned out.' The Carasdihis.— We observe from our New Zealand files that this talented family are now giving concerts to large audiences at Dunedin. i Adklatdb - PmLHABirt-inc;' Socnnv-— ; A- announced ?eteewherre, the first rehearsal of the season in connection with thiflT Society will take place R-- night. . ?-'? ? Thb Road Boabd.— Messrs. R. Smith and -. McEwin, J.P., have been appointed by the Government as members of the Central Board of Main Roads. . Glenelg Railway. .— Another .meeting of the citizens opposed to the Glenelg Railway going through Victoria- square will be held thi . evening at the Rose Inn, Sfcurt-street, as adver tised. ? ' ? - ? '?- ?? '?? .- Theatricals in Tasmania.— Miss Adelaide Bbwering, whom we mentioned the other day as reading in conjunction with Mr. T. P. Hill, has joined a theatrical company at the Theatre Royal, Hobart Town. Tbe troupe comprises Miss Juno, Mrs. Phillips, and Messrs. Ireland and Andrews, besides-other artiste*. . They are said to be excluded from Melbourne by monopoly there. Now apparently would be the time to obtain a good company for a season in Ade laide. Wesletan Church, Sthathalbtu. — This church, which has been closed for some months ; for enlargement and renovation, which are now i completed, was reopened on Sunday, February 1\. The Rev. J. Bickford, of Adelaide, con ducted .the morning and evoning services. Crowded congregation* gathered from all parta of the Circuit. The Rev. J. H. Williams, Primitive Methodist, preached in the afternoon to a large audience. The inevitable tea meeting on Monday was a great success, the muster of friends exoeeding that on any previous occasion. Mr. W. Rhodes, of Adelaide, presided over the public gathering, when the building was crammed. The Revs. J. H. Williams, F. S. Poole, J. Y. Simpson, Messrs. Catt, Mikes, and T. Stephens spoke. Children, under the leader ship of Mr. .Elliott, rendered several pieces of music with effect. The amount promised towards the cost of the alterations up to this date is £514. The proceeds of the tea and col lections' were about £35. The chapel is neat anc commodious. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson, the circuit minister, has worked long and earnestly in collecting funds for the rebuilding of tins place of worship, and haa had much uphill work to contend with. He deserves the gratitude of the Wesley an community in Strathalbyn for his unceasing endeavours on their bebalf. Accidental Poisoning. — The Brisbane Courier reports a case of accidental poisoning by which Mr. J. Guilfoyle, an employe' at the Government printing office, nearly met his death.' Mr. Guilfoyle had been Buffering from an attack of bile, for which he took a blue pill, intending, according to prescription, to take a black draught In the morning. On awaking he requested nis wife to pour out the draught, when, by mistake, she took up an ounce bottle half full of sulphuric acid (which had been recently used in a case of diphtheria), and pour ing the acid into a glass gave it to her husband. He drank it off at once, but soon afterwards, feeling in great pain, he told his wife she must have given him the wrong bottle, aad the dreadful error was at once discovered. Mrs. Guilfoyle almost fainted with alarm, but the sufferer had sufficient presence of mind and strong tii to dress and rush across the street to th» residence of Mr. W. Smith, homoeopathic practitioner, who, on learning the occurrence, administered an emetic. Dr. Bencrott was soon in attendance, and applied all the proper remedies; but throughout the day Mr. Guilfoyle lay in a precarious state, and but slender hopes were entertained of bis recovery. Thb 'Wilcankia Tores.'— This is the name of a paper now published in the Darling district of New 8outh Wales. Judging from the dis trict news that it contains, there seems to have been an evident necessity for a newspaper at Wilcannia. Twin Curiosities.— It is a strange coinci dence that about the date of a telegram being received in the colonies announcing the death of the Siamese Twins a birth took place, which we have already noticed, of twins muoL more closely bound together than they were. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the district of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, January 31, were -.—Births, 18 males, 21 females; deaths, 10 ma'es, 13 females. Total, 39 births, 23 deaths. Excess of births, 16. „ Railway Accidents m America. — One hundred and fifty railway accidents occurred during August in the United States, by which 63 persons were killed and 135 injured. Nine teen of the accidents caused death, or death and injuries, 80 caused injuries but not death, and 102 caused neither death nor injuries. There were six days on which there were eight, nine, or 10 accidents, the total- in the six being 55; and one day, the 14tb, none were reported. There were frequent freshets during the month, which multiplied accidents, but there was also a vast number of collisions and other casualties due to gross carelessness. ? Practice for All-England Match.— In its issue of February 4 the Wallaroo Times reports : — 'On Saturday afternoon the third practice, under the direction of the Torke's Peninsula Match Committee, took place on the Matta Flat. As usual there was a good muster of onlookers throughout the game, who by hearty expressions of their approval or otherwise, testified te the great interest which is being taken in the play, now that the time for the forthcoming match approaches. Mr. Julius Ey took charge of a team of twenty-two, and soon had his men in their places and at work on the bowling of Messrs. Glanville and Upton. The very strong wind blowing was calculated to make an unfavourable analysis, and indeed it was observed that the latter gentleman, who had the wind in his teeth, slightly inclined to his old style rather than to that which has lately charac terized him. To have hit a haystack would have puzzled him when he arrived on the Penin sula, and now he is rattier warm on three stumps. Mr. Glanville was as usual— our cricketing readers will understand that— his steady and pretty style always requires care. Mr. Pinkstone, whom with Mr. Ireland we were glad to see from the Port, and another gentle man who* name we have not ascertained, also showed some creditable bowling. The batting on the whole was not so effective as might be desired, but with 22 in the field it is an eaiy thing to be mistaken on this point. Mr. Nicholte; however, was a marked exception, and having bis eye ia his steady work was much admired, until he managed to get his foot where his bat ought to have been. Mr. Arthur was unavoidably absent It is not to be wondered at that this bi-weekly practice u proving so attractive to the public A fair team of 22 in the Hem at once u- Suv un.eh seen, and when properly worked cannot fail to interest a Britisher. With Wills shortly coaching, and it is to be hoped a few of the players chosen off the Peninsula, the Committee will no doubt earn the thanks of all lovers of the game in this part, otherwise so destitute of healthful amuse ment, and pave the way to a great success in the coming match. It is understood that the next practice will take place this day, Wed nesday, at Moonta.' The Railway Rate Qttestion in TasXASIA —About this movement, which has'caused much stir in Tasmania and a large amount of bitter feeling, the Ltnineeston Jixaminer says:— 'A fund has been initiated in Launcestoa for the purpose of replacing articles of necessary house hold furniture that may be seized and removed from the dwellings of poor persons for non payment of the railway rat*. The response to this appeal has been hearty and general, and already a large sum has been subscribed. We are glad to learn that a similar move ment has been instituted at Longford, and that there also it is likely to be suc cessful. All the other districts should imme diately follow the example, and by numbars of names rather than the amounts show tbe general sympathy in the movement.' The same paper has the following paragraph in its issue of January 24 :— ' During the last two or three days a rumour has been current to the effect that % split had occurred in the Cabinet in reference to the desirableness of attempting to enforce payment of the railway rate. According to the report two Ministers were determined to exact the bond, whilst two others; ware for remitting the whole oaae again to Parliament. Though it was impwnble to trace the rumour to a definite source, it hat been accepted by many as perfectly true, and we should not be at all surprised to learn that there is 'something in it.' We hope the timid ratepayers who were so ready to buy 'peace at any price' will sow be comforted.' ' OinitfATipi! OF WEfiLCTAN HnCBWBS.— Oa Wednesday evening, February .L the Rivs. 8. T.'TCtfcifigtoiK J. H. TreTOToir, WvH. Role, J. Bead, a. G. Edwards, and1 'P; C. Thomas ware, in the Pirie-ftreet Church, admitted into the.Methodkt ministry. The Rev. W. L. Sinks, President of. the Conference, presided, and there were also a number ot other Wes lejan ouBtsten on the platform. After a hjmn had beuL.suag and prayer offered, several of the candidates related the circumstances of their conversion and their choice of ministerial work. The President then catechised according to the set order of service the applicants as to their- conviction of being called by the Holy Spirit to the labour they had undertakes, their faith in tb* inspiration of the Scriptures, their belief in the constitution of the Methodist Church as set forth by Wesley, and their willingseea to be governed by the Conference, and to submit themselves to their seniors in the ministry. Portions of the Scriptures were next read by the President, after which silent prayer was offered. A hymn having been sung, the ministers assembled approached the kneeling candidates and laid their hands upon them, the President saying — ' Mayeat thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister and pastor now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands, and be thou a faithful dispenser of the Werd of God and of the Holy Sacraments. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' This was followed by a delivery of a oopy of the Bible to each of the newly-ordained ministers, with the words : — ' Take thou authority to preach the Word of God and to administer the Holy Sacraments in tbe congregation.' A prayer having been offered a hymn followed, ..and the Rev. J. Bickford then read the ordination charge, basing his address on the words, ' I speak con cerning Christ and the Church.' — Ephesiansv. 32\. B.e urged that the preachers should not be content with superficial and emotional discourses, but ought to instruct the people in the deeper doctrines of the resurrection of Christ and the everlasting states of happiness and punishment. They should never forget that the great Head of their Church was Christ, and loyaltv to Him in the salvation of souls was strictly demanded of them. He then detailed the various branches of Church work in which the minister was called to devote his whole energy, and concluded by pointing out what temporal support and brotherly sympathy was reasonably to be ex pected in return for a devotion to spiritual ministrations. The pronouncing of the benedic tion closed the service, which was followed by. the administration of the Lord'd Supper. There was a large congregation. The English Cbicketbbs.— The Mercury reports that 'the English cricketers have accepted the terms from the Cricket Association for a visit to Hobart Town. A letter was re ceived intimating that fact, the dates proposed for the event being Monday, Tuesday, and Wed-: nesday, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th March.' The SoutH Sea Labour Tbade.— 'Some discussion has recently taken place,' wo loom from the Brisbane Courier, ' regarding the last trip of the schooner May Queen to the South Sea Islands, and some unpleasant rumoura have been current on the subject. The affair has now been taken up in a manner calculated to set all doubts at rest in the matter. An infor mation has been laid by Nalin, a native of Erromanga, against W. McKenna, or McKenny, the mate of the vessel referred to, to the effect that he did, on the 4th day of December, 1873, at the Island of Erromanga, in the Pacific Ocean, feloniously and unlawfully steal and carry away therefrom, without his consent, one Nalin, a native of Erromanga, for the purpose of re moving him from the said island to the Colony of Queensland, the said island of Erromanga not being in the dominions of Her Sovereign Majesty Queen Victoria, nor within the juris diction of any civilized Power.' The Stbuggle for thb Riverine Trade. — The Border Post writes:—' Hitherto the Mel bourne warehouses have been the natural market of the drapers of the Riverine District, and since the completion of the North-Easteru Railway the commercial bonds were more effec tually cemented; 'but if we are to credit tho words of a uliable gentleman, who arrived over land yesterday from Sydney, the people of the latter city will struggle for a share of the trade. Since the abolition of the ad valorem duties an army of commercial travellers have started with their samples for this district,' and may be ex ? pected in the Federal City in a few days. It may be that the ' prohibitive' tariff of 22$ per cent, will be too heavy a handicap upon the Melbourne importers, as against the cost of carriage from Sydney to the district. At all events, Sydney appears to be determined on pushing trade to this dirtrict.' Police Court Rhymes. — The Melbourne Evening Herald within the last few months has relinquished the sober British newspaper style, and adopted the most sensational fashions of the Yankee Press. It furnishes metrical re ports of the City Police Court proceedings like the following notice of the cases on January 24 :— ' In the City Court this morning at the early hcur of ten, the magistrates assembled ; three true and trusty men. And silence being shouted the Court was huBhed and still, save for the gentle scratching of your own reporter's quill. Then they opened up the charge-sheet, and called for number one, who had been like Shakespeare's Hamlet, that's 'two much i' the sun.' (Another way of saying that with beer he'd filled his skin), so they .fined the man five shillings for having been rum in. Then came a man whose inside as well as out was damp, who stole at early morning another person's gamp. The name he bore is Smith, ana his smile was sweet and meek, but he's gone to sleep at Castieau's — remanded for a week. Some Lascars from the Pera, who roamed upon the shore, charged Hewit — not the runner — with stealing sovereigns few. The prosecuting Lascar, who is the bo's'n tight, on Monday morn will clear the decks, his lawful cause to fight. Then Green, who is a cabman, they said kept up a house where immodest females sightly did drink and keep carouse. But now those wpmea wicked, for days and nights fulj seven, will have a chance to do good deeds, and seek the path to heaven. Then came a man named Bailey, another Johnston, Bill, who as a vagrant went to gaol, for twelve months time to kill. The first, however, being strange to vagranta' idle ways, was only sent to ruminate in quod for fourteen days. The charges being over, your special then arose, and first put on his billypock, and after blew his nose. Then turning to the Court with sad and sombre mien, the sergeantshouted loudly, ' Ad journ— God save the Queen,' ' [From yesterday's Evening Journal The Incoming Mail.— The P. & O. Com* pany's mail steamer Bangalore left Point de Galle on January 17, and as she is a fast boat may reasonably be expected to reach Glenelg verysoen. The Westwobth Hotel.— Mr. D. S. Mitchell has sold by auction the Wentworth Hotel, at the corner of Darling and Sandwvch streets, Went worth, River Darling, to Mr. B. Geyer, for £l,8w. . the DaBIIHG.— At Wentworth the river has been falling at the rate of lh inches In every 24 hours, and. wot on January 30 nine feet eight inches above the summer level. The recent do crease in the rate of the fall has been occasion*! by an apparent fresh in tbe river. Mr. MoPher son, of iarcoola, writing to us on January 28, said: —'The head waters of the Darling are In flo«d. We maylook for a heavy flood about the middle of Marcn.' Ths following is taken from' a copy of the Central Avjtnlikn Extraordinary, dated Boorke January 26, 1 p.m. :— ' The season is precisely lik* that which brought about the great flood of 1864. A repetition i» almost certain; timely pneautitBS should thmfore b* adopted. All. sleep should at once be removed, outside of Talawalka'a, The river has risen here, about 24 fett 9 inches in 24 hours. It is now rising IS inches in 24 hours, and the latest iel« graphic intelligence all tends to a sontinuous rise. All the sources of the river art rising rapidly, the rain having fallen heavily ia all parts from which we have news.' |V Mr. J. H. Parr desl-a to call special attention to his Sale, at the Stores, Carrie street, at noon. To-day, of 4,000 gallons 'of Colonial Wines, 1870 vintage, under instructions from Dr. Kelly. fsr Mr. J. H. Parr wishes particular atten tion drawn to his Sale, at the John Bull Yards, at 2 o'clock This Afternoon, of 40 head of Horses and Mares of a well-kn«wn brand, under instructions from Messrs. T. & J. Dodd. 