THE STORY-TELLER A MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE. (From an English Magazine.) IN a certain Welsh seaport there is a pretty old church, with a rare set of chimes. The favourite melody is " Home, Sweet Home," which familiar strain breaks upon the general stillness at midnight with peculiar sympathetic power. I had only been in the town a few weeks. It is nearly twenty years ago now. I was fulfulling one of my earliest appointments on the press. It is a dull, wet, stormy night. I am listening to the bell music, and letting my fancy run loose among the reverberations in the steeple, when a sudden cry of distress arouses me. "Murder" rises in a wild shpiek above the bell-music. It is a terrible cry in the night, as bad almost as Fire !" " Murder 5" again and again awakenaj the midnight echoes. Seizing the poker, I rush in the direction of the sound.) Hurrying from the adjoining houaeit the back, I encounter a ruffian. The tight of a gas-lamp falls upon his fea tures/; they are hideous. I only see him for a/moment, and at that same moment 1 ^Hstruck down insensible. turned out that a daring burglary been committed. In the general ex gment I was too much confused to ex ™|what had occurred tome. A host pie were talking about maBksand land window shutters. I knew the kpolice, and a professional instinct fed me to set out for the police sta tion-/ L There was no moon that night, and the r*|n was falling. You could hear the sea rolling in upon the barren shore outside the town. There was scarcely a light to be seen; only one attracted my attention. It came from an attic window ina wretched narrow street through which I had to pass. A sickly light it was, stealing out into the ^ night, pale yet dirty, like a thief creeping ■fdrth in the darkness. I was young and romantic in those days ; full of the sentiment of journalistic •^responsibility and power ; anxious that Jffithing should escape my literary ob servation; continually on the lookout for notable incidents. The light attracted me pale, semi-luminous column creeping down over a wet roof into the street. 1 was utilising it in my memory tor an effect, sketching it mentally for a paragraph in a new story, as an artist might hare noted it down for a picture, ihe next moment something stood be tween me and the light. It was the dim 1 had seen before. "Stand! I won't harm you," said a hoarse voice. "Stand, I say; cry out, and you are a dead t» ' Close against my eyes flashed cold steel a knife, or the bright barrel of a pis • I waa too much alarmed to speak a word. " 1 don't mean no violence, sir, not in the^least, I give you my honour." 'Then let me pass," I ventured to Bay. 'I want to make friends with you * step in here, or we shall be overheard." I entered a dark porch, my ugly com panion grasping my right wrist in a very peculiar fashion. I- have since learnt that it was known as the garotter's . Sir, I gives yon my word of honour as a man that I only means fair. I want your help ; a woman is dying where you saw that light, dying 'cause she's starving, feo help me heaven it is true!" There was a pathetic earnestness in the man s voice which, conquering my better i part of valour, excited my sympathy ^ true, by all that's good. Follow ifiie, and jf I deceive me, shoot me; and by my soul, "if she dies I wish you would • she s my sister Is- Come, sir, for the love of heaven!" He led the way along a dark and gloomy court, through narrow alleys, up a rickety and creaking staircase, and at last into a wretched room, whence had come that pale and feeble light of the garret. Upon the floor on a bed of straw lay a woman evidently dying. The wind blew down the open chimney, and shook a sack which had been nailed to the mantelpiece for protection against the cold. The rain dnfted gusts against the paper-patched window ; blotches of wet upon the walls had taken the place of blotches of shabby PaPe.r- A damp atmosphere, thickened with odour of drugs and brandy, hung about the place, and half smothered the flickering candle flame, that seemed to be licking a long stump of charred wick with a death's head at the top. The candle was jammed into the neck of an old black bottle, which had an impish look, occupy ing the centre of a crooked stool on three crooked legs. . Hush, she's asleep. Come down statts, she 11 sleep for an hour or more. Ahis way, please sir ; I have a match." «• v\a roon} a^ back of the house, one night of stairs lower down, my companion struck a light, drew a shutter closely over the window and giving me a box to sit ■upon, stood before me and began a series lat_er.rogations. Could lie triiBt me ? Would I betray him ? He was a despe rate man ; had not a friend in the world, if he told me eveiything, and make a clean breast of it, would I help her ? It was not for himself he pleaded. I promised to obtain assistance for the woman, thinking all the while, in a dreamy humour, what an ugly monster he was. His eyes were ferret-like—little piercing orbs, half hidden by overhanging eye ®r°ws. He had a nervous twitching of the hands, and an uneasy shuffling man ner There was a hump on his back. His legs were short and thin, and always moving. He wore a shabby brown-velvet shooting coat—a poacher's full-pocketed coat, that had belonged to a bigger man. ...A_dangerous, ugly-looking gaol-bird, I though^, and he knew it. Ay, as well as you know it yourself," he said. "You are thinking what an ugly customer I am you are right. I don't mind your thinking so, and I am as ugly as I look ; but I am not all had—nobody is and you willv help me for her sake, sir, that poor woman upstairs. She must have comforts, sir, and that before day break. You have seen me before to night ; that is why I am going to tell you everything. Forgive me for that blow I dealt you. It was in self defence ; it was for her Help her, sir; don't betray me; and if ever you want a hand to serve you—to strike a blow for you, to do any job, clean or dirty—lift up your finger, say the word, and Jim Kidger is your slave to command. You'll not betray me, for her sake ?" ' solemnly b*™ mJ WOrd'" 1 said; very * j.1. ^ was ^en years old, sir, my father died, and left me with an invalid mother, and she was obliged to go into the union, m this town. I don't know where our parish was, 'cos our living varied— sometimes here, sometimes there. My mother was obligated to go into the work house, and it killed her. She left me and my sister m the house. I was deformed, and everybody took a delight in calling [ me 'humpy Badger' and.'brokenback.' | Everybody hated me. When I came j afore the Board to. complain, the Board grinned at me, and said I was an ugly I lad, and they didn't wonder they said so. The schoolmaster banged me about when I ever he'd a chance, and that was pretty often ; he was a oldish man, and they did I say he had saved a goodish bit. I stopped J in the house till I was sixteen. I'd bin out at various times to situations, but nobody would keep me, I was so precious ugly and queer, they said ; so I was, but it was awful hard to suffer so much for it, air." "It was indeed," I said, and I felt sorry for the poor wretch. " One day. I bolted from the house altogether, and got into a set of reg'Iar thieves, and precious glad I was of their company. They behaved fair by me, and I was soon clever at their sort of work, and every day I got to hate more and more the workus officers and all con cerned in it. Sometimes I felt if I could kill the whole bilin' on 'em. I suffered for that, though. Hush ! what was that, sir ? A footstep ?" He bounded to the door with the agility and silence of a cat, put his ear to the ground, and came back. "No, it's only my fancy. I'm queer to-night; don't mind it, sir ; I'm dread ful worried and anxious. One night a leading chap of the gang—a man, in fact, a goodish deal older than me—proposed to roh the workus. I laughed at him ; but be said the »ld schoolmaster had swag kept in his bedroom; he'd bin told for certain by one of the nusses. I knowed this well enough of my own knowledge. Four of us was in it; two to do the job, which we went odd man out; and it came to me and the chap as named it first, Jack Barker—reckoned as fly a cove as there was going, and a firm as a bulldog. Well, sir, we goes—perhaps you remember what happened ?" " No, I do not," I s'aid. " Ugh ! I wish I didn't," said the bur glar, shuddering, and shuffling from one end of the room to the other. " We got in, sir, Jack Barker and me ; we had to crawl on all fours more than once in the passages, but both on us knowed every turnin'. The schoolmas ter's door was locked, but Jack had it open in a jiffy and was inside. He was fast asleep ; Jack's dark lantern full on him didn't wake him. My heart was a beatin' like a woman's. Out of a cup board we bagged the first swag, a tin money box. I'd a been satisfied with that, bnt Jack be would open a chest of drawers close by the old un's bed. While he was at it he woke up. I was on him in a„ second to keep his mouth shut. I whispered to him to make no noise, or it wotld be worse for him, and, says Jack, ' if /you don't I'll murder you.' With that the schoolmaster lay quiet. Jack opens a drawer and? there was the money sure enough—a bagful. Jack hands it to me, and, says he, holding his jemmy close to the old man and puttin' out the light, ' Now, you make no noise for ten minutes^ mind and I think he was a tyin' the old man down with the sheet when all of a sudden he cries out, ' Help ! Murder !' I shudder now, sir, when I think of the poor old man. Why wasn't he quiet ? He ought to ha' knowed as he was in danger. I heard Jack hit him cruel, and then the house was roused somehow, and there was a deuce of a row. I makeB for the window, and drops ont safe with the money; Jack he falls on the spikes some how, and died in the hospital a week ftfter. the murder. Don't be alarmed, sir ; it's many a long year agone now. I was lagged, tried, and sentenced to be scragged. My sister's advice was to con fess, and I did—the whole lot; and Jack had behaved true, and said he was the party as did the deed; and somehow I got a pardon, leastwise I was transported for life. No, sir, I ain't a runaway; I've got a ticket, almost one of the first as was issued. I served twelve year; true for you, sir, I did every day on it—twelve year in Van Dieman'sland ; and a month ago I comes back here and tries to be honest and get work; the police, how ever, is down on me at every turn, and I finds my sister half-starved in this 'ere garret. I got work at two places, but the police they tells the guv'ners what I am, and I gets sacked. My sister had relief from the workus, but now they says she must go into the house, and she won't; she'll die up there of starvation fust. So to-night I tries the old game, sir—tried it for the fust time, and was done. I shall be took p'raps for it, but there's no clue but you ; you see me ? You can save me, 'cos you can say about the time you meets me coming out to seek relief for my dying sister. To-morrow I goes afore the Board of Guardians to get re lief, and there's nobody to obstruct me if you don't." Thereupon he fixed his little eyes upon me, inviting my reply. „ " I will be true to my word," I said; " I will not betray you, and your sister shall have assistance. I will fetch some thing for her at once." " I am satisfied, sir ; you shall never repent your kindness." He lighted me downstairs. I went home, and returned with a flask of brandy and some bread, told him to feed the wo man with, this when she awoke, and pro mised him immediate assistance in the morning, which I secured at once by a note slipped under the door of a locally eminent doctor, to whom I had brought letters of introduction. The next day I went to the meeting of the Board of Guardians. It was not my duty to be there. The newspaper which I represented indulged in the extrava gance of an assistant reporter. On this morning I relieved him. It was an old-fasliioned white-washed workhouse, surrounded by a bare half cultivated kitchen garden, through which there was an ill-paved path, worn and broken. The principal entrance to the house was barred with a great hard nail studded door, around which hovered a motley crew of beggars. There was the confirmed pauper, fawning and humble and grovelling, bent with the long habit of bending; there was the shivering out casts in tattered petticoats, starring de spite her sacrifice of all that ennobles wo man ; there was the weak tottering drunkard, and the poor slave of a lazy husband hugging her last baby in a thin bit of shawl; the ruined tradesman turned tramp, and a couple of old men, who had broken stones until they had well nigh broken their hearts too, and become use less even as assistant scavenger- there were children from the gutters, Women from the docks, and tramps from the prisons. Looking upon the group with a smile of pity lounged the confirmed casual, the swaggering, smouching Arab of the highway, with his narrow forehead and his yellow handkerchief. They were a curious, motley, pitiful lot, waiting to see the Board. While I stood there, receiving the cringing " God bless ye, sir !" of the con firmed pauper, the mendicant crew were suddenly agitated. A murmur of " Jim Kidger" passed from Jip to lip, as the ■burglar appeared upon the scene. The lordly overseer,' who came forth at this moment to bid the applicants enter, shrank back at sight of the hunchback. The beggar multitude gave way for him, as though he were an evil thing, even in their society. On he went, the hunch back, with a firm determined step, and I saw him in the wait-room as 1 passed, standing aloof from his fellows with his hands by his side, his lips compressed, and his crooked legs bearing him up firmly and fixed. It created an immense sensation in the board-room, the announcement of the hunchback's return. The murder of the schoolmaster, with its dreadful details, at once came back to all their memories. It was a legend of the house, the dark story of that little room—the left wing of the tumble-down building. And everybody believed that Jim Kidger did the deed. His reprieve was in short a local scandal, a reproach to justice; and nothing was forgotten that told against the convict when the overseer, as pale as a ghost, frightened for once in his life by a pauper, announced the name of this new applicant i for relief. The chairman, a thin, wiry gentleman with lank hair and a screechy voice, who had saved the union large sums of money by his keen and searching enquiries into the relief cases, got up and proposed that the press should take no notice of any discussion that might arise upon this case in the absence of the applicant. " There are circumstances which it will not be well to publish," he was saying, when suddenly he stopped to rebuke a daring member of the fourth estate, who j was taking a very rapid and careful note of all that passed. " Sir, I request that you desist from writing." He was a faithful servant, this young man with the pencil; what was said he noted carefully. " Good gracious ! we may all be mur dered in our beds—those who oppose this application—if what we say is printed,'' exclaimed a fat fussy guardian, who did a I large business in bacon, and hated paupers, having himself been brought up in an almshouse. " Sir, you from the ' Express,' "said the chairman. The young man looked up. " You are not to report this." Down it went every word. " Don't you hear ?" exclaimed the bacon curer. " Yes, I hear," said the gentleman of the nimble pencil, " if you are speaking to me." There is no knowing to what length this new phase of the business would have gone, had not Mr. Kidger suddenly burst into the room. Some of the guardians— those near the door—jumped from their seats, though the Board generally tried to look firm and unconcerned ; but the at tempt was a failure." " Gentlemen," said the applicant very calmly, " B come here for relief—not to beg for it, Jqut to demand it for a starving woman." " I protest against this daring interrup- I tion of business," said the gentleman who had been reared in an almshouse, his natural alarm overcome by a sense of offended dignity, " I protest—" " You!" exclaimed Mr. Kidger, with a calm, withering look. "Let the man speak," said another guardian. " Mr. Chairman, I appeal to you, sir, for order." "Yes, let him speak—what's he got to say?" exclaimed another. 4 'We can only call in the police when we have done." "Thank*you, sir," said Mr. Kidger. I have to say, gentlemen all, as it is only desperation as has driven me to come here, you may be sure." Every guardian shivered and looked at every other guardian. " There's boundB to be set to eveiy man's punishment. I make this last trial to live honest and work. My sister is dying of starvation—she must be saved; many comforts is wanted—in God's name let them be had by fair means; that's all I've got to say." The Board were almost paralysed with astonishment at the audacity of a non guardian rising from the reporter's table ; their pride of office had never received so great a shock as that which opened all their ears and mouths when the said non guardian began to speak, addressing the chairman with all the authority of a duly certified guardian of the poor. " Order, order!" said several voices at once, after the first few sentences had con vinced them that the non-guardian was in sober earnest. " Chair, chair !" It was some minutes before the gentle man was permitted to speak ; but at last the chairman, who was friend of the 1 Ex press,' which always reported his speeches verbatim, gave him permission to say what he desired. The result was my blushing endorsement of the convicts statement with regard to his sister, and an officer was immediately despatched to her aid. The whole of the affair was made known in one of the most telling of tbat reporter's paragraphs, though the late Charles Dick ens declined, in his own handwriting, and with a genial compliment, to publish it in his magazine ; a subscription was raised for the two poor wretches ; the sister re covered j and a small business was pur chased for the couple in the principal town of an adjoining country. The last time I heard of James Kidger, he was a prosperous tradesman in the North of England, and his sister the happy wife of a well-conducted Sergeant of Police. Time Enough Yet.—One day a gen tleman was stopped in a street of New York by a shabby looking man, who asked him if he did not remember his old school mate Harry Brown ; and then begged him to lend him five dollars. The gentleman remembered Harry Brown very well. His father was a rich man. And when he was at school, Harry's business prospects were better than those of any other boy in his clasB. He looked with surprise on this man's dirty, threadbare clothes, and asked, " Can it be possible that you are my old friend Harry Brown?" "It is just so," said he. " Do tell me what has brought you to this condition of poverty and want ?" Now mark what this poor man said :—" ' Time enough yet' has brought me here. I got into the way of saying this all this time. I used always to put off doing things at the right time. This has ruined me. If 1 had only formed the habit of punctuality when I was young, I might have been a rich man to-day. 'Time enough yet' has been my ruin." Manners and -Customs.—" Stealing money or horses is a serious business out here," writes a correspondent from Colorado; " but yon can kill a man, and all that public sentiment demands is that you shall not leave the corpse in the way." People obey willingly when they are commanded kindly. 