ME\MOBANDA., Sermqs w l i be ihepeched: inISr 4ltthqvw' Church, Clhnll-st .e t, Prahrin,; to-nmo r, iiti the "mrning by;the::Rev: IH-I .P 1iKni atnd in the eemniiig'ty'Dr Be'iby' , "B'y idlvertisement, it Lwillb:be .saeev tihat i' tea-meefing'will hb helhi in tienPrnahtha I iwn-hell, hin lhnrss y in~xt"i dbcnitisib with:the IPrksl:rblyiiin Clhl?c,, uS?ulYari?','ý to celebrate the.opening of'tihe?;: SewlSbanth Schools.::: Besides the rendering oft' severil.l Nieces 'of' secred imusic 'by :the ohulrch chllir, Addresses ?vill' bd ;'deliveredr b?r the ,,Ie's: I,... I E chrap, . "inrper, A. Davidison anid other Iriends. e'" pstor ol the church will preside, and as nall the effortsfitit in s tlileciitn liavee eon auccessfal in the past, there ins ere!. cause to believer that the, hll on. Ti ursdlay next will be; well filled...., Melssrs. Roberts, profeesors of dancing; calisthenics, &c.;, intend openina a class on ihe 30th inst. at the t'l Kudi, Opdleily romo, Chapel-street, to continue, every Saturdp u afternoon. As. the terms are exceediigly liberal, viz. one guinea per quarter? w?e hae ', little .a!eubt the'' undettraking will l ibe a success. S'There was a very fdif'ttendance Priliriian Popiil: Enteirtaiiimdents on ?ne day laist, 'it thi;iTdlvnhol ll. ? Ami?n: th peirformers, there .ihots rid yoang lady fro the Rickcarda troupe, Miss Lena Rance, who ftirly 'itaik the nudienee 'by sui'rprisd -wit hier songs, :anid ':we' inticiiaTte as she appears on Monday next,-that not only in the great llulk of the attendants on the - lccasion e6 ag ia h6to heiatder, list the all e crowded to excess. -.l.'lhe other sinner: were quite up to their average degree f, merit. For a list of the vocalists on Ilon' day?'e?lsr'ilvi is h'entin' "ihilier 'del.nn At the Prahran court on .Monday, the lidense'?of:,tlie fSomdrset.!·Arthis Hotel Ias tatisieirhdd: frditii'Mar'Morto un'tb ?FIlr buster. On,.', urp lay' evening, Sergeant ,erkir. bn," o Irahren,, hgaran that there "iet seriui'r' otung thlieves pirowling about town tpok-the trouble to warn a number of the shopkeepers. He H wentj u is far as t Windtsor' Station;' Wshr, 'hale ,came acress Biatch of three of thiese liircenous individuals; r nd he thereupon resolvedi to keep his eve in them. His vigilance was, not without reward,.:lon after.: following: them .down a tfr as, Dier's, the. bsytonakert oe observed one of thei etacli a pair of boots fro e[of ii nail at the door, and'hide it under his coat, Imnitli?dhibly tafie'rwdidis' witli thdei:asistance .if a young man, the three were arrestedand conveyed to the.jgckl-tup,,where they gafe 'heir names, as Georsge King alias Robert, Geoiir'Wili;is" 'an~di William" Edwirdr Yesterday they were-- remanded by Dr Fedtherstons to,;Thursday:next. .. O '"'I?ihdhy '-evening the Loyal -olive Branch Lodge,, S.M.D, M.U..IU.O.F., bell their anniversary concert land ball ip th B. U. Hall, Junction, St.'Kilda-Mr Pei r Power, G.M. of the oider in Vietori presidiig. .''Th'die was a .gqood attendance, and the programme was a very attractie one. The lady vocalists were, Mrs Empsaq Miss Bassett M'Donald, and Miss 'lTymm Mrs. Einpson; -was greatly 'applauded a? was encored several times.. She:sang "The flower girl" with much taste, and ability, iand,was, particularly ami?sing in her duets with? Mr Einpsbos.: :Miss Baiissett M',Donild sang one song only,::but she was warmly received, as swna' also Miss 'Tymms,.wh, Ifavoured the' audience seveeal times in th course of ih?i :vehinii:': l" Mr odver's Scotch ballads and comicalities were the..source of much merriment: t "houther tae sloutber" b 'this gentlemi~an ,ase'ncorel,' whei he gave " Oh, think of ,your head in the morn. ni.ng'; which provoked 'oars' of laughter, his imitation ofi;.the manner, andproceedingt of a drunken man being droll and clever it the extreme. Mr Hughes, who played''h own accomraniments on thi'accordeon, sanl well, nd wais enicored:. Mir Keys also suo cededd' in gaining' the; approbation of th audience. Mr Empson was 'encored aft each of his .co!ic songs, of 'which "Th roast beef of old England" caused thi ma?t laughter. MrCO. B. Vanden-Houten, wh played the piano acconmpaniments, gave a overture ,.on..theat instrument,, and 'th " Marche aux flambeaux?, on the lharmonium in such a manner ?sitd t;~ierit the applaus vhi?el'wai?~"serded to'hii. ""Ar negro farce by. Messrs. .Headen, ,Egpse, :aiid '.a third person, who took the part of ghost, fal. lowed the'd cdocert, after .wvhioh., the - forms were cleared' away, hnd.'dancinig kept'up till the small hours of the miorning' '' Owing to tbe fact that our new represent. ative (Mr. Dixon). ;.was- not :.rturnied to Parliament, at the late geueral election,he could not le'gll swer irn in when the Honts met- oi' Tu.sda . O' n 'the following'day, hgwevere, Speakeir 'having in the iite?ia been elect?iui,he cereinonywais gonse though Mr Dixon .- was ..intreduced by, Missr Everaird- and Crews, and, tobk the usual dati May not the fact of Mr Crews thus acting' one of 'Mi'. -Dixon'si political sponsors, taken ps a prognostication that tlhe differenc which' were, supilosed:to exist: between the: enittlemen arid their respective adherents ho beg.n ,happily ,mpdeg up?, . Mr. Dixon took his seat behind tiee' Ministerial front benches. There was:a, marriage in. Henry-street on Thursday last, iiid a "numml??i of roughest sorted to the tin-lkettling business for the pii'jiose. of dxtorting" fiob the newly-married pair some of the' clheer which the, assembhld guiet~i weire iiiduilging in inside the'house. Constable Rogers, in plaiip clothes, asso ciated himself withe -hetinkettling fraternity, and having markeld one .of the biggest Kelly'by namne-ie' marched him off to the waitdih'oiise, wliere yesterdayt Di FI'etherston, J.P. bad an opportunity) of descanting on he hetiipidity 'ot.the offence, and .infliting' 20s fine on the offender; .or seven 'dayl imprisonment.', After the "airies the "'.:tiiinibutatiois", ceatseul. A meetinlg of grocers .l. vooiarible to earl! closing was held: at'the. 'Belvidere.: Hottl, Fitzroy, "on' Wediindday hist; for tie purpobi of, ,taki,g .steps to secur the object ,they hadin views? , 'A.resoliation was iananrtiously passed that the hours- of -closing- shoul hI seveti'":"'clock 'evey''evAnin?', ' eXc.,tino Sajuiday, when it s!?u.d :beoll0 pi.n" hope the grocers 'of th disilriit will sppport the movement:thus' initiate,l.. : ':'The terider df Ri"NoblI tiis' been sccepted for. the 'e?'atig', of aOti psnf' te?ianpir o$Oe at: St.:,iKihla-?rt b stm in;n- £3,649,: ' SDavid Mall?iteb, landlord of thesBtdalni' l :3 iel,t "DlDiiini .road,,: Soutel..Yiirrai'.0. chuagel d soneummops iatj te Cidyli acurt' on -1uoidyiwitieayi" ald' on Sunday, t;he 10rlula inst.;', at 9?i.?9Qbl* r ap?d:le lom teo evidence and stateient, for the pirosecut9ii1.' thsat a'e' isbrlloa ,liviOt the n!i ihblrhbod f the hioitl !ot liqhir from .the;, detfendtisit house, anPd .h,!: t sender got drunk in:,hias.own house,? . made a dit~tuirbane; that the police i.e iuarfenrfd' of the mater, dian, ,fhat , Constle Ss'?-' ri sin'e i ocanis eon rim it 'ofts hotel with a'gin.bottlse. d0ntaing ?lliqu' which Lani, on tasting'; ,Ibud to be beei 'Ie hey deposid to in asie" boughthilieliht ho'ni'e Mae M tiille:" b" o s aPidi t?e hotl had borne the best chirsacter. possible Te being well aned quietly onduotted.il tlh detendant, it was stated?,hand been laOlnli foi 15 yearis. 'TLho"'Bench tfiled th 'de, fenilant 20s, with ,is costs. '" 'ie to SMr Geoage Spari hus b.een gi'zletie 1 be Returning ofiear fori Sohool District Borough of St. Ki d, v9ile W..W J Orr resigned. 