English Mail THE LONDON MISSION. — General Aspect of the Work. — The Mission which has just ended will not soon be forgotten. It has excited much attention. It has stirred the minds of many. Some have failed to understand it. Some have disliked it and condemned it, and by some it has been misrepresented. It has been the means of assembling together large numbers of men and women who cannot be induced to come to the ordinary services. This was remarkably the case at St. John's Mission ??'-..? Hall, Deptford, and at the Parker-street Working Men's Christian Institute, under the direction of the Rev. G. H. Stanton. Bach night there were increasing numbers of poor men and women, until at last there was not standing-room. And it was not attractive services or musical performances that brought them; it was really to hear the Gospel. It is a great point gained to get hold of the poor of the masses. Here is a means which is proved to be effectual. The ser vices appear to have deepened in earnestness and intensity as the week advanced. A steady increase in numbers, a more varied gather ing of different classes of society, a more solemn attention, and a deeper individual anxiety about the saving of the souls, have been observed to exist, and are recorded from many different quarters, and by observers of very different character. No doubt a good deal of the interest will prove to have been temporary, and among the en gagements of the world will pass away with the emotional excite ment by which it has been necessarily accompanied. But it is impos sible to doubt— it would be an act of unbelief in the promises of Gpd , to doubt— that a large balance of real and abiding work will remain. Many will have been added to the stated congregations who were absent from them before, and will prove regular attendants on the means of grace. Many of those who aie already attendants at', public worship will show that they have been raised to a higher standard, and have been quickened with such a measure of spiritual life as they never previously enjoyed. Among^ the questions which will remain for consideration when the xacts have been collected, will be this : — What are the respective ad vantages and disadvantages of a movement on so great a scale as the London Mission compared to those of sectional movements ? The difficulties of a simultaneous movement over so vast an area as that which is occupied by the inhabitants of the metropolis, have made themselves felt. It would have been a grand thing, could the Mission Have been so complete and extensive as to command the attention of the great city as a whole, as to force itself to the front even amid its ceaseless tide of human life and its restlessness of human labour, and thus to present in some degree the spectacle of the greatest city in the world in an attitude of prayer, as when in the days of .Jehoshaphat, Jerusalem and all Judea sought the Lord, or as when . the inhabitants of Great Nineveh, terrified by the preaching of Jonah, sat in sackcloth and ashes. o.uh was probably the expectation of the first promoters of this movement. But the difficulties of securing so vast a result are enormous. In the vastness of London all reli ? gious movements appear to be drowned. So far as the eye or ear of a casual spectator is concerned, he might have passed through the streets of the metropolis, and mingled with its thronging crowds, without becoming conscious that any such movement was in progress. The general life of the great city has been unaffected by it. In quiet . corners here and there were seen the open church and were heard the -sounds of praise and prayer, but the ceaseless din of the vast Babel around was not in the least degree lessened, nor its aspect of absorbed and eager activity sobered with the warnings of another world. In short, it may be feared that the magnitude of London is fatal to any general movement, and crushes it by the very vastness of the masses which are to be dealt with. It is easy to understand this. London is not one place, but many, accidentally brought into local contiguity, without any common life, moral, intellectual, or political. It is a huge conglomerate, in which the component parts touch, but never unite. It is not one ; and it cannot be made to be one. Hence it is too vast for common and united action. The 'Times' on the Mission. — In the course of a general view of the operation of the Mission, the Times observes that on the whole the clergy of London have shown a singular and somewhat unusual unanimity in their answer to the appeal which has been made to them. In most parishes there have been special services set apart for women, and at others services for men in particular walks of life, as for in stance at St. Pancras, where the Eev. F. F. Goe preached on Friday on ' Stewardship' to a congregation intended to represent, as far as could be judged from appearances, men to whom such a subject might be supposed to present peculiar attractions and carry peculiar weight. At St. Peter's, Eaton-square, the Eev. the Earl of Mulgrave has been preaching nightly to an audience of working men, arid an attempt has been made in many directions to attract by short ser vices clerks and men in such positions during the midday rest with which they are accustomed to break their labours. The inducements to confession, of course, vary considerably. In some churches the public are merely informed by a notice posted up on the doors, or . sometimes verbally in the course of the service, that one or the other of the officiating clergymen will always be ready to see in private any member of the congregation who may desire it. In others, again, printed requests for such interviews are placed in each pew for signa ture by all who please, but at St. Alban's, in Holborn, Mr. Mac . konochie has gone many steps even in advance of this. In his church there are, in either aisle, small screens fitted up for the confessional, with notices attached of the hours at which each may be attended. Although the work is going on day and night, it is in the evenings, as may be imagined, that the largest congregations are assembled. Rarely, indeed, is any church totally empty even for the shortest space of time, and barely an hour elapses without the performance of a service of more or less length, and of more or less speciality. In the morning the congregations are for the most part composed of those who have not to labour for their bread — of those, in fact, who, Mission or no Mission, are not content to look upon Sunday as the only recognised day of prayer. But it is at night, when the day's work is done, that the seats are filled. Whatever may be the impres sions the working class bring with them, or carry away with them, there can be no doubt of the earnest attention they pay when present to the efforts of the missioners. The services are short, and for the most part simple, and to suit the tastes as well as the understandings ? of the audiences to which they are mostly addressed. It is, of course in the^nature and tone of these services that the different types of the Mission are to be found. Let us take two, as representing dif-- ferent parties in the Church. First, let the reader imagine himself in St. Pancras Church, shortly after dusk. The gas is lit, enough for all necessary purposes, and no more, and the eye is struck with the severe simplicity of the furnishing — for it cannot be called decora tion—of the building. There is throughout an entire absence of colouring and adornment. No discomfort, no evidence of illiberality, but no superfluity ; everything that is necessary for the worship of God, as these wish to worship Him, but no more. And the service is after the same fashion — sincere, straightforward, simple. A few verses of Scripture, a hymn or two sung, a prayer, and then the sermon — the sermon we have mentioned before, on ' Stewardship.' Well within the comprehension of all who heard it, it could have given offence to none who were then reminded of the day which was coming to all, when they would have to render an account of their stewardship. Two hours later and we are in St. Alban's, in Mr. Mackonochie's church in Holborn. Men and women sit apart, and, though both are numerous, the seats of the latter are, perhaps, most crowded. The body of the church is bright with brilliant patches of light, but the chancel is wrapped in shadow. Seven pale lamps hanging from the roof shed but a sickly light over the tall candles and crucifixes and other symbols of the peculiar type of worship this church practises, but throw into strong relief a coloured figure of the Christ crucified which stretches forth its arms over the altar rails. The congregation is drawn, apparently, from all classes of society, from the highest to the lowest. A hymn, a printed copy of which has been distributed throughout the seats, begins the service, and after a ' Litany of Penitence,' from the Mission-book of the Cowley Fathers, had been sung by all on their knees, came the sermon. St. Paul's words, .' After this the judgment,' form the groundwork of the address. In an earnest and impassioned, tone, which evidently strikes an answering chord in the hearts of many present, the speaker, with every aid of voice and gesture, draws a powerful picture of the life of one who has at last exhausted the mercy even of the most merciful of Judges. So merciful, indeed, is He, we are told, that He permits us to judge ourselves — and how 1 By means of the Confessional. By the honest and absolute confes sion of all our sins — a practice which, if honest and thorough, is so strict, so tremendous, that it is no wonder that people shrink from it, and, shrinking, condemn it. .-'.'.. The Day of Devotion at St. Paul's. — Friday was especially observed in the Metropolitan Cathedral as a day of devotion for clergy only. A Daily Neivs writer, who replied satisfactorily to the challenge of the janitor as to whether he was ' a reverend gentle man,' gives an account of the assembly and the addresses. The first' preacher, the Rev. W. W. How, taking his text from the second epistle to Timothy, eloquently described the strength of the foe with whom battle was to be done in this mission, and the weakness of the instrumentality to be employed, except 'so far as it was strong through the Crucified. From Him came to us, when we knelt before his cross, the spirit of Strength and Love. He deprecated the going forth in mere power, or hope of success, and advocated love even for the unlovable, the cold, the rough, the repulsive. God grant, he said, they might be brought face to face with such. So would their love be tried. The picture of the love of Christ brought home to such a soul was consummately drawn, and, in conclusion, it was strongly urged that ' sobermindedness' was not to be suspended even during mission work. Excitement might be used by God to awaken the slumbering soul ; but there was danger lest such an element might become excessive, and entail a dangerous reaction. Intense, but very calm, devotion was a tone more fruitful of good than one of some what unguarded excitement, such as was not quite unknown in mis .sion work. There was a danger lest critics might deem the work un-English, and against this they must guard. He, concluded his brief but eloquent address with a special prayer for that one element of sobermindedness — about which he clearly was some what in doubt. At two o'clock the Rev. W. Hay Chapman, chaplain of the Lock Hospital, entered, accompanied only by the verger ; and after we had sung the hymn called ' Rock of Ages,' he proceeded, without taking a text, to consider the hindrances to the Mission, especially thatresultingfrom the personality and special characteristics of Satan— the God of this world. Whenever special effort was being made, Satan's power would be put forth principally against God's ministers. Whenever the Holy Ghost worked, Satan worked side by side, and his power was felt. Faith in the written Word of God was the only weapon to overcome these hindrances. Satan never could stand up against the plain statements of the Word of God. This sermon, which was of Evangelical tone, was preached with much fervour. The three o'clock address was given by the Rev. G. Body, who left such mark on the Mission of 1869, and who haslost none of his former fire by his subsequent preferment. Having given out the beautiful hymn, ' When I survey the wondrous cross,''' which was heartily sung by us, where, he asked, could we better meet for such a word as this than on Calvary, whereupon, as on this day and as at this hour, the great sacrifice was consummated ? 'Brothers,' he said, ' let us go to Calvary ! In the contemplation of the Passion we best learn the secrets of mission work.' He then went through some of the utterances on the Cross. Christ thirsts, he said, thirsts for the tears of the penitents. Jesus, as one with the Father, yearns for the return of prodigals. This was mission work ; to seek the good of men that God might be glorified, thereby— to satisfy the thirst, the loving thirst of. God by speaking to men the one name of Jesus ; not speaking mere doctrines, but revealing a personal Saviour. We had to tell men of the love of Jesus crucified, risen, and ascending. Have much faith in preaching. Strike the rock, and the waters shall gush out to slake the thirst of God. Tell the old, old story. The name of Jesus is mighty as ever. Don't work yourselves up, or try to work others up, to a state of excitement ; but tell the old plain story. Con version, we must remember, is the direct work of the Holy Spirit, and cannot be forced. We must go forth in simple dependence on that, and then wait calmly and patiently. Among the qualifications, for missioners, he specified, first of all, reverence- — reverence for the souls amongst whom they ministered ; reverence for the Sacred Name and Sacred Mystery. The prayers and Eucharists of England, he said, were concentrated on the London churches. Secondly, there was need of confidence — confidence, blended with humility, in realised weakness, but confidence in the Sacred Heart. Thirdly, he added, go forth in patience. Don't makeup a fictitious excitement. If success seems delayed, throw thyself with all thy disappointment at the foot of the Cross. Lastly, go forth in thanksgiving, fighting beneath the Blood-red Banner against the foes of the Cross. Finally, there must be now, as in Pentecostal times, the Baptism of the Holy Ghost. The congregation — vergers and all — seemed fairly taken by surprise with the fervid eloquence of this marvellous preacher, which, I remem ber, had the same effect upon me at the last Mission, and made me follow him from church to church with the ardour of a devouc. ? The address delivered by the Eev. W. Haslam was in many ways one of the most noteworthy features in the services, for it was charac terised by a vigour and earnestness which at once gained the atten tion of the whole of the clergy, especially those of the Ritualistic school, although they afterwards showed their disapproval of the speaker's sentiments on the question of the Presence of Christ in the Sacrament by quitting their seats. Taking as the basis of his remarks the well-known apostolic description of faith — the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen, the former showing its scope, the latter its sphere — the speaker dwelt on the vision which faith opens out to the believer, leading him at once to the eternal glory of God. He has undertaken to lead us through the course of sin and trial and to make us the sons of God, and this is not a matter of uncertainty, for faith is the substance, that is, it is the essence of the glory of God. Just as the substance of the oak tree is in the acorn, though the tree may take centuries to grow, so faith, the gift of God, contains the substance of his glory. It makes us new creatures. It is the indwelling energy of the Holy Ghost who makes us altogether different to what we were, and renews our minds. St. Paul also calls the grace of faith the earnest of what we shall be hereafter, and as surely as we are made God's children we realise its function in this respect, and it will develope in us until we attain to the full perfection of that glory. ' Oh,' continued Mr. Haslam, ' now we sink into nothingness when we realise that God is thus working in us. But secondly, faith is the substance of things hoped for. It is like eyesight to the soul, and just as it is impossible to see without the aid of our bodily eyesight, so the soul cannot see without this spiritual power of vision. By the Spirit, and only by the Spirit, can we see the truth, and so the apostle says it is literally the evidence of things not seen, of things eternal — that is, which can only be looked into in~ this way.' The speaker then drew a parallel between the enlarged \- powers of the Christian when he has realised the true function of ., faith, and the power of the scientific man who understands the operation of the laws of nature. What advances have been made in science since men have worked in accordance with these laws ! And so we, in the power and grace of God, understanding the operations of God, can do great and mighty things. 'And here,' added Mr. Haslam, ' let me remind you that as God has called us out of dark ness into light, He expects us to be the witnesses of that grace which ? He has given us, and if we allow onrselves to fall behind in this matter it is unbecoming indeed. No, my reverend brethren, do not be afraid. Take the banner of the Crucified, and go out to the help of the Lord against the mighty. 0, may we thus be enabled to come forward with soul and mind and body wholly consecrated to his service during this mission week. But this, remember, must be the work of the Spirit, who alone can help us to understand the things of Christ. We are intended not only to be ministers but witnesses, yes, eye witnesses. If we have not been saved ourselves, how can we preach salvation 1 If we have not been reconciled to God, how can we beseech others to be reconciled ? If we have not received liberty, how can we preach deliverance ? The last fact I wish to impress on you,' said the speaker, ' is that we must see Jesus for ourselves. The sinner does not want any other mediator. If I want to read a book I must see it for myself, and faith is the evidence of things not seen. 'When I survey the wondrous cross,' what do I see 1 I see my sins. I realise the greatness of the sacrifice and the love of Jesus. Yes, faith is a personal thing. I look at that cross. I see my sins. He had none. I see them laid on Him,' Can we not put such a fact as this before our hearers with thankful remembrance of what God had done for us ? And then there is one other point — our justification. He might have died a different death, but the death upon the cross was the purchase of our justification, for then He took our place, and we were accounted righteous before God, and therefore it is that the' apostle says that, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through Jesus Christ our Lord. And we need to remem ber that on this very point the Doctors of the Reformation con tended with the Roman Church, and the Bishop of this very dio cese laid down his life as a testimony that the sinner is justified by faith, and faith only. ' I am not,' said Mr. Haslam, ' referring to mat ters of tradition, but of history. Justification is not by the priest ; it is not by the sacraments ; it is by Jesus Christ.' The speaker then proceeded to refer to the presence of Christ as in the heart of the Christian, and not upon the altar ; and then it was that about twenty or thirty of the clergy present rose and retired, leaving Mr. Haslam to justify the introduction of this topic in his address. Out-door Preaching. — At St. John's, Walworth, the missioner is Mr. N,ugee, of Wymering. He has adopted the plan of going with a band of surpliced choristers, perambulating the streets of the 'crowded neighbourhood in order, to attract the people to church. In the course of a description of the out-door scene the Telegraph ' special reporter' says : — 'Having grouped ourselves under the lights of a butcher's shop, the butcher looking complacently on as he leant against his door-post, a hymn was sung, and Mr. Nugee, mounting a chair, began to exhort the few score people who made up his con gregation. It soon appeared that he knew how to talk to such an audience. Gifted with a strong voice, clear utterance, and a deliberate . impressive style, he secured attention at once, and held it by a most judicious mingling of the things of both worlds. The recent election was turned to capital account. ' You have lately used your privi leges as English citizens,' said Mr, Nugee, ' and I am glad of it, and ? wish those privileges were increased. Now use your rights in a higher capacity. Will you vote for God, or will you vote for the devil 1 ' ' That's the way to put it,' said a rough-looking individual next me to a woman whose dress was an example of ' slattern inac curacy,' and the woman answered, ' 'Tis all very well for the likes of them. Why don't they tell us where we can get a good feed ?' But she remained to listen, and so did a workman whose 'mate' tried hard to entice him away.' St. Paul's Cathedral — The closing service at St. Paul's pre sented several f e atures of interest, not the least of which, was the union of the enormous body of clergy and laity in an act of thanks giving for a work in which laity even more than the clergy have been concerned, for it is a well-ascertained fact that the mission has been practically successful almost in the exact proportion in which the laity, the district visitors, the Sunday-school teachers, the city mis sionaries, and the Scripture-readers have supported the parochial clergy in paving the way for the mission preachers. And perhaps ? this is, after all, one of the most beneficial results of the effort ; which is now nearly concluded. One of the most impressive periods \ in the service was when the whole assembly knelt in silent thanks giving. It was a moment to be felt rather than described. ' To \ God be the glory.' And, indeed, the work has been a glorious work. Whether we have regard to the multiplied services — the intercessory prayer — or whether we look at the stimulus afforded by the mission to the clergy, who, though far from being 'weary in well-doing,' still needed sympathy and help — from each point of view, the work has been glorious, and, as such, it is a matter for deep thankfulness. There were other services in various churches, fulfilling the original object of making it dovetail into the Lent services, the arrangements for which, with the names of special preachers, were announced on all sides. 