EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile tlie fallowing from the various jour nals to hand :— A rule nisi for a new trial lias been granted in the case Humphrey v. the Li verpool and London and Globe Insurance Company. It will be remembered that a verdict for the plaintiff was given, as Official Assignee in the insolvent estate of Mr. Cleary, of Newcastle, for the full amount claimed for damage by a fire. The Sydney correspondent of the ' Mer cury' writes :—A very serious railway ac cident occurred on the Great Southern Railway this afternoon, at a quarter to two o'clock. The guard of a, ballast train loaded with sleepers, and haying on the trucks a number of men, mtde arrange ments with the guard of a goods train to give the ballast train a shove up an in cline known as Whitehead's Bank, about one and a half mile on the Goulburn side of Sutton Forest. This "shove" was given by the goods train without sufficient caution, and the ballast train being struck sharply and with force, the sleepers on the trucks were displaced, and driven against the men standing or sitting on the trucks. Several were injured—five se verely. The names of the five are Francis Finch, living at Parramatta—right leg j very badly bruised, and doubtful whether it is broken ; Wm. Mnir, living at Parra matta—right leg broken ; Sydney New ton, living at George-street, R.edfern— piece cut out of right leg ; John Rixon, living at Campbelltown—bothlegs broken; Charles Lawrence, living at Parramatta— thigh hurt. Lawrence was taken to his home, and the four other men were con veyed to the Sydney Infirmary, where they now lie. Near Creswick, recently, a man lost three children by diphtheria within a few days. The ' Burrangong Argus' saysf:—About 2 o'clock on Wednesday morning Mr. D. M'Veigh, a lemonade and cordial manu facturer, met with an accident by break ing one of his legs. He was walking up Wombat-street, wending his way home wards, and the injury was caused by his falling over a stone or a stump. The ' Braidwood Dispatch' says :—On. Monday last a digger lately working at Bell's Creek, named James Kiddy, was coming into town in search of employ ment, when he found a roll of bauk-notes on the road-side amounting nearly to £100. When he arrived in town, how ever, he at once made enquiries for the , owner of the money, which he was not long in ascertaining, one might be sure, for it had been dropped only a very short time before it was picked up. He at once gave it up and could scarcely be prevailed upon to take a couple of pounds out of the money as an acknowledgment of his honesty. A gentleman who heard of the occurrence at once sent for this trust worthy man and furnished liiiu with em ployment. The following circular has been sent from the Lands office to the Crown Lands Agents :—" Sir—I am directed by the Minister for Lands to draw your atten tion to the 30th section of the Regulations under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1861, and to point out to you that no con ditional purchaser who is the holder of an incomplete conditional purchase under sec tion 13, can be permitted to make a se cond purchase, except as an additional one under clause 21, until he shall have alienated the first purchase in accordance with the Act, and notified sucli transfer to the local Crown Lands' agent, or until the conditions of the first purchase shall have been fully complied with. It will, therefore, be your duty to decline to re ceive such selection, or to receive trans fers in favour of persons who are already holders of incomplete purchases, unless they at the same time give you notice in writing (to be forwarded to this depart ment) that they have abandoned such in complete purchases." The ' C. B. Express' says :—On Wed nesday afternoon one of the most exciting scenes took place off the wharf of Messrs. Clipton and Aplin that we have witnessed for some time, occasioned by a successful attempt by Constables Cook and Mee to capture an. aboriginal named "Jemmy," one of the principal ringleaders in a mur derous assault made on the master and mate of the cutter Albert EdwaTd, who immediately took the necessary steps to procure a warrant for his apprehension, and this being placed in the hands of the constables, they proceeded to the wharf, when "Jemmy" was pointed out to them. " Jemmy" slipped over the side of the boat in which he was. The constables immediately made a rush, but by the time they reached the edge of the creek he was some distance across. Constable Cook with great pluck threw off coat, hat, and boots, and jumped in after him. A dingy also put off and succeeded hi heading him ; but Constable Cook proved a better swimmer than "Jemmy," as he reached the opposite shore first, and, the dingy with Charlie Walker being also on the same side, they brought him to bay, as he could not land without being taken. He stood some minutes undecided, but another boat approaching him in the rear, he was forced to go nearer in shore, when Constable Cook, with one spring, had him "by the wool." A sever© struggle then took place, during which one of those as sisting in the capture was made aware of the excellence of " Jemmy's" teeth by be ing seized by the finger and having it bit ten to the bone. Ultimately, he was se curely tied, landed, and lodged in the lock-up. The 'Southern Cross,1 of Auckland, says :—On Saturday last another of those extraordinary outrages upon the public peace took place in broad light of day about four o'clock in the afternoon. The chief actor in the affair was a man named Alexander Finlay. He is a tall, good-looking man, wearing a long beard reaching about half way down his breast, and was formerly in her Majesty's Life Guards. He has been in the habit of occasionally coming Tip to Auckland for a few days at a time, and on these oc casions he generally lodged at the Go vernor Brown Hotel, Hobson - street. About twelve months ago, when on one of these visits to Auckland, he was seized with a violent illness, and hopes of his ul timate recovery were given up. So pre carious was the state of his health, that it is reported the clergyman who had | been summoned to his bedside lost no time, on emerging from the room, in hur rying to an undertaker's, and giving the necessary orders for the making of a coffin for the (supposed) dying man. How ever, he rallied, and in course of time re sumed his work at the Coromandel mine. Since then it is generally believed that there has been a peculiarity about him, which was not observable before. A few days ago he came up from Coromandel, and has been living at the Governor Brown Hotele since his arrival here. Some twelve months or more ago a but cher named Harry Davidson was carrying on his business at Coromandel, andFinlay dealt at his establishment. He was par ticularly careful in his payments, and Mr. Davidson came to look upon Finlay as a very exemplary man. Since then David son has given up business at Coromandel, and is now employed as book-keeper to Mr. Young, butcher, at the foot of Grey street. Since Finlay's arrival in town on the present occasion, he seems to have . cherished the notion that Davidson had done him some injury, but when, or of 1 what nature, he does not seem to have a very distinct recollection. This thought seems to have preyed upon his mind, for on Saturday afternoon, shortly before 4 o'clock, he left the Governor Browne ! Hotel with his revolver and case, and when opposite Mr. Young's shop deli berately took out the revolver, and fired through a small window into the room where Davidson was sitting. The ball passed within an inch of Davidson's body, and lodged in the wall behind him. See ing that the ball had not taken the in tended effect, Finlay fired a second time, the ball passing this time close to David son's person and striking the desk before him, passing through one of the small pil lars of the desk. A dense crowd rapidly gathered around the shop; and mean while Constable Mooney was returning from Mount Eden Gaol, whence he had been escorting prisoners, and hearing the two revolver shots, and seeing the dense crowd gathering, hastened to the spot, and took Finlay in charge. After firing the second shot, Finlay had veiy care fully returned the revolver—one of Colt's make—into the case, and walked towards the Market Hotel. The Constable found that there were still four chambers loaded with balls, and capped. Finlay is said to have admitted the charge, and to have told the Constable all about the matter, and also of Davidson having done him some injury, the particulars of which he did not remember. Constable Mooney conveyed Finlay to the police-station, without the prisoner attempting to make the least resistance ; and. the prisoner has since talked of the matter as a thing of - little moment. Those who are acquainted with the two men—Finlay and Davidson are at a loss to account for a sufficient motive for the daring outrage. The ' Bendigo Advertiser' says :—De tective O'Callaghan, of Castlemaine, was taking a walk round last week, during a sale of cattle which was going on at the " Great Centre," and something in the appearance of the seller of the cattle aroused his suspicions and induced him to make enquiries, which resulted in his telling the auctioneer not to sell the cat tle, some twenty head, or he would be held responsible. The auctioneer natur ally took time to consider, and Detective O'Callaghan ascertained that the cattle had been stolen from Mr. Bailey, farmer, Corop, with whom communication was at once opened, and he, to his great surprise, learned that the cattle which he supposed were in his paddock, under the care of a lad, were in charge of the authorities at Castlemaine. The seller of the cattle was duly lodged in gaol, and his accomplices will doubtless soon be keeping him com pany. The ' Mercury's' Sydney correspondent writes :—A ghost story is told to-day, and it does not redound to the credit of an officer, who is described as belonging '' to a ship in Farm Cove." The other night a waterman was engaged by the officer indicated to take him from the Govern ment jetty to his ship. The boat was moving along quietly, when suddenly it ceased to make headway, and two white ears or horns appeared at the head of the boat. The waterman no sooner saw this appearance than overboard he went with an exclamation, and swam with might and main for the shore. His passenger, as tonished for the moment at the sudden disappearance of his boatman, was struck with a dread of something he could not account for, and over the boat's side he went in the wake of the boatman. They both reached land, and a short time after wards the abandoned boat was picked up, with the head fixed in a mattress, which it had run against, and the ends of which appeared above the bows of the boat. The sequel of the story is that a boat was employed to take a number of new mat tresses to one of the vessels in the stream, , and one of the mattresses falling over board, it was not noticed, and it remained floating about. The Laguna correspondent of the 'New castle Chronicle' writes :—In my former j , letter to you I made mention of some j I drawings said to exist in some of the caves J I among the surrounding mountains. I have accordingly made some personal in spection of one or two caves or gibbers, \- and I accordingly saw traced on the rock the figures of hands, arms, feet, toma hawks, spears, nullahs, boomerangs, &c.;, | all traced perfectly plain, some quite black, others of a deep red hue, and what is singular, tliey cannot be obliterated, ! for the substance used by the aborigines haB the effect of penetrating a considerable distance through the sandstone rocks. There is very little doubt the above marks are by the blacks. A Geelong paper says :—How simply a serious accident will sometimes occur was very forcibly demonstrated on Tues day by a misadventure that happened to John Aitcheson, the driver of Mr. Wal die's bread-cart. Aitcheson was deliver ing some bread at the corner of Latrobe terraceand Mercer-street, and the channel being wide and deep at the spot, he was leaping, with half-a-dozen loaves in his arms, from the street to the footpath, when on alighting he felt a sudden jerk, and distinctly heard the bones of his left leg crack under him. At the same mo ment he fell, suffering the most intense pain. All power had left the limb, and he had to be conveyed to the hospital, when, on examination, it was found that he had sustained a fracture of the knee cap. A Cooktown paper says:—The last pan: of boots on the Palmer were sold on Fri day last. They were common ordinary blucher boots ; they were tens in size, and their purchaser was a man who us ually uses eights ; but he was satisfied— quite satisfied with the size, and paid 38 bob for the pair. * The Gympie 'Times' says :—Another serious accident happened in that fatal "No. 6," the Glanmire and Monkland Company's claim, on Monday afternoon, the victim being Alfred West, a miner employed by the company. It seems that West and another miner named Carroll were working in one of the drives, stoping out quartz, we understand ; they noticed that the floor of the drive had not been left as level as it ought to have been, so they proceeded to knock away some of the projecting stone. In doing this they dis covered a hole drilled in the " floor''; on examining it, taking from it some hemp, &c.;, and testing it with the pick, they concluded that either it was the hole of a blast that had gone off, or that it had never been charged. Consequently they went on knocking away the stone. Un happily, the hole was charged with a litho fracteur cartridge ; it exploded, blowing away a part of poor West's right hand, seriously injuring his legs, and driving some of the small stone into his face and eyes. Carroll was not injured at all. The sufferer was removed to the hospital, where Dr. Benson amputated a large por tion of the hand. The ' Bathurst Times' says that the generosity displayed by Mr. "J. Paxton, in connection with the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, is worthy of imitation by those whose means will allow them to perform similar acts of benevolence. That gentleman has, en tirely at his own expense, introduced into this colony three clergymen of the Church to which he belongs. The first was the Rev. Mr. Auld, of Ashfield ; the next was the Rev. J. R. Wardrop, now settled at Orange; and the last is the Rev. Andrew Gardiner, who is a graduate of the University of Edinburgh, and who has only been in Australia a few weeks. Recently, near Liverpool, Andrew Smith, aged three years, was found drowned, in George's River. He had strayed nearly three miles from his home. The ' Southern Argus' says On Fri day a young man named Dunn, who is an inmate of the Yass Hospital, was seized with a fit whilst sitting in front of the fire, and falling, severely burnt his handB and arms. This is the same young man who was seized with a fit at Manton's Creek a few weeks since, and received injuries from falling into the fire. The ' Mercury's' Sydney correspondent writes :—The Museum difficulty is again before the public. In consequence of the dismissal of Mr. Gerard Krefft from the office of Curator, by the trustees, two at least of that body have resigned. These two gentlemen are the Rev. W". B. Clarke and Dr. George Bennett. Although Mr. Krefft has been made aware of his dis missal, he refuses to leave the Museum, or to acknowledge the right of the trus tees to dismiss him. It is said that steps will be taken by the trustees to remove him off the premises.—Mr. Ramsay has been appointed temporary Curator of the Museum. Mr. Thos. Maxwell, aged 85, was lately going to church, in Hobart Town, when he was seized with apoplexy, and died shortly after. The Melbourne ' Argus' says :—The unusually quiet locality of Schnapper Point was in a state of excitement on Wednesday last, in consequence of a re port that a man had beem murdered near the big plain adjacent to the Tubba Tubba diggings, and the sequel proves the report to be true. The deceased, John Moriarty, lias been living in the vicinity of Schnapper Point for several years past, and was well known as an old servant of Mr. Rennison, and as a harmless, inoffensive, and indus trious man. He was the owner of a small freehold near the Point, but had of late been liviug iu a hut near the Tubba Tubba diggings. He had saved a little money by years of patient perseverance, and re cently selected a lot of land, about J 00 acres, at a distance of about a mile from the hut, and at the time he was mur dered was grazing about 300 sheep of liia own. On the 14tli August lie sold to Mr. Baines, near Dromana, 200 sheep, for which lie received £50 in gold and notes, and it was generally known that lie in tended to bank this money on Saturday, 22nd, his usual day for travelling to the Point to obtain his week's provisions. On Wednesday last information was given to the police that he was missing. His dog was also missing, and his sheep were scat tered. Mounted-Constable Shannon and some neighbours started in search, and found Moriarty's body about 200 yards from his hut. The head was smashed in at the back, and the jaw-bone severed by a fearful blow, as if done with a toma hawk, The body had been dragged by the murderer to a spot where a small tree, in falling, had caught its boughs in an other tree, and where it was partially shel tered. An axe belonging to the mur dered man was near the spot, and a shingling hammer with suspicious marks on it was also fonnd. Superintendent Hare arrived on Thursday, and every ex ertion is being made to discover the mur derer. Detectives Williams and Fook Shing were yesterday despatched to the spot to assist in clearing up the matter. The object of sending the latter was to as certain whether any Chinaman had a hand in the deed. The information of the de ceased being absent was given on Wed nesday, by liis mate, Patrick Shanalian, who stated that the deceased was missing from the hut. The police then went in search, with the result above stated. There was no money found on the de ceased. The police in Melbourne yester day received information that Patrick Shanalian had been arrested on suspicion. Telegram from Grafton, in ' Herald' of 2nd inst. :—Last night the time gun was carried ayay. The townspeople are indig nant at the wanton proceeding, and pro pose offering £50 reward. Mean time the police are endeavouring to trace the offenders. Ditto from Melbourne :—The heaviest fall of snow that has taken place for years fell at Woods Point Road on Sun day. The track is now impassable.—Mr. Samuel Wilson, of Wimmera, has offered the Acclimatisation Society £1000 towards the introduction of salmon into this colony. —In New Zealand, Mr. Vogel lias stated that his Excellency the Governor lias re signed for the sole reason that he is desirous of leading a more active life at home than that of a responsible Governor of a con stitutional colony. Ditto from Adelaide :—The schooner Elizabeth, with a cargo of timber and potatoes, for Adelaide, was wrecked off the Tasmaniau coast. The ' Mercury's' Singleton correspond ent writes :—On the night of Wednesday, a substantially built hut, with a gal van ised-iron roof, standing in Mr. R. Blax land's Brokenback Paddock, was en tirely destroyed by fire; and, from the surrounding circumstances, there cannot be the slightest doubt that it was the work of an incendiary. Mr. Blaxland, we believe, lias since offered a reward of £50 for the discovery of the person or persons who set fire to the hut.—On Sun day last Mr. M'Dougall, Jnnior, and an other person were riding over the Single ton bridge, when the bat of one of them blew off, and a man named George Bailey, who was walking in front of tliem, stooped down to pick up the hat. When Bailey was doing so, however, one of the horses made a push forward, and suddenly gave him a severe kick in the stomach. After languishing for two days, he died. The 'Singleton Argus' says:—On Wednesday morning one of Mr. E. Al ford's children, a boy, aged about three and a half years, was severely scalded. It seems that the servant was carrying some hot water, which she had just drawn from the fountain at boiling heat, and the little fellow came in lier way without being seen. He bumped his head against the bottom of the tin dish, and upset its contents all over his right side. Though the scalding iu itself is very bad, the shock to his nervous system was so great as to almost endanger the poor little fel low's life.—On Wednesday afternoon Miss Ellen Johnson and her nephew, a boy of about twelve years, weie placed in a most perilous position whilst crossing the river at the ford known as John ston's crossing, near her father's resi dence, a little above White's, and about a mile and a half from town. When the horse reached the middle of the stream and found the water running over his back, he plunged wildly about, and, succeeding in breaking the traces and both shafts of the buggy, he speedily made for the bank, leaving the young lady and her juvenile companion seated in the damaged vehicle—which was gradually losing ground—in the middle of the river, in a most helpless condition. Robert Peisley borrowed a horse as strong as he could find, and made for the middle of the river, and after her first fears as to the safety of the horse over the buggy, and the possibility of her being able to hold on, Miss Johnson at length ventured to mount behind Peisley, who took the little boy in front, and the gallant steed bore all three safely to the bank. Once lightened of its load, the buggy was swept down the river. Telegrams from Melbourne in the ' Evening News':—Mr. Williams, the agent of Madame Arabella Goddard, has written a reply to the letter of Mr. John Bennett, of the Victoria Theatre, and produces a copy of a letter written to Mr. Bennett, dated the I3th August, dis tinctly declaring Madame Goddard's re fusal to play with Mrs. ; Mr. Ben nett having previously asserted that she was not the person singing at the Queen's Theatre. Several other statements in Mr. Bennett's letter are denied. The matter haB been placed in the hands of the lawyers, to take legal proceedings against Mr. Bennett.—Mr. John Bennett has telegraphed to Melbourne to say that he is prepared to swear to all the state ments which he has published. Mr. Smythe has returned, and his explana tion is looked for. The common opinion here is that he has been the.victim of a hoax, in regard to the letter which he handed to Mr. Bennett, by some per sons interested in disparaging Madame Goddard. A strange story comes from Mulwala— that a woman who was cohabiting with a man poisoned herself on learning that his wife was still alive. At Maryborough, Qd., recently, a shed was set on fire through lime being suddenly slacked by rain. .At Rockliampton, lately, a boy fell off a railway bridge 37 feet, into eight inches of water, but was unhurt. An old tinker named Harper was recently found dead, near Ballarat. At the inquest, the verdict was death from starvation. At Sebastian, Bendigo, the other day, Margaret Burgess died suddenly, while drinking at a hotel bar. Andrew Bassi was lately found insensi ble, at Kangaroo Flat, Bendigo, and re moved to the Hospital, where he died. A young man named Richard Thirsk was recently working in Old Tom Gully, Daylesford, when a tree that had been undermined by water fell, and a limb striking him on the head killed him on the spot. At Brisbane, the other day, James Blakey was sentenced to three years' hard labour, for fraudulent insolvency. The ' Newcastle Chronicle' says :—A painful accident occurred yesterday after noon, on board the punt used for working at the extension of the steamers' wharf. It is surmised that part of the gear on the punt became loosened by the swell of a steamer which had just passed, and a windlass, which was on the punt, fell, striking in its fall two of the men who were working at the wharf. One was knocked overboard, but not otherwise in jured ; the other sustained some injuries to his ankle, and also serious injury inter nally.—The Coroner held an inquest yes terday, on the body of William Binnie, aged forty years, who was found dead in his bed at his lodgings. Dr. Knaggs proved that deceased had been in a very emaciated condition, and attributed his death to the effects of disease of the lungs and heart. At Burrangong, the other night, David M'Veigh stepped aside into a gutter, to avoid the mail coach, and falling broke his leg. The ' Chronicle's' Lambton correspond ent writes :—A quoit match took place on Saturday afternoon last at Cairns's Hotel, between Charles Wright and Anthony Smith, for £20 a side, sixty-one up. It may be remembered that some weeks ago these two men played a match for £5 a side, eighteen yards pitch, and resulted in favour of Smith. This did not satisfy Wright, who made this match, sixty- one up, twenty-two yards pitch, for £20 a side. Great excitement was manifested as to the result, but very little money was bet on the match. There was, how ever, a great deal of betting on each pitch. From the start Wright appeared to have it all his own way, and ultimately won the game, having scored sixty-one to his opponent's twenty-six. ! The ' Examiner' says :—A very old resi dent of the Clarence has, since our last is sue, departed from our midst—Mr. Wil liam Soutliion. He had been a resident of the Clarence some thirty years ; for merly residing at the First Falls, where he rendered valuable aid, having on more than one occasion saved the lives of par ties from drowning. Of late years he had carried on business as an aerated and cordial manufacturer at Grafton, having built up a most successful business. The ' Tamworth News'says :—On Wed nesday evening last, in the Hali of the Mechanics' Institute, a public meeting was held to consider the desirability of forming a " Saturday Half-holiday and Early-closing Association." There were about 150 persons present, and the pro ceeding were conducted in the most or derly manner. The P.M. was voted to the chair, and among the speakers were the Rev. Messrs. Whinfield, Gray, and Armstrong.—Robert Webster, on remand, was charged with having, on or about the 14th July, stolen a light bay entire colt, , the property of Richard Swann, of Dun can's Creek. From the evidence, which was of great length, it appeared that pri soner was seen driving the horse in ques tion after it was missed by Swann. Sub sequently prisoner sold the animal (its brand having been slightly altered) in Armidale, to a man named John Lawlor, for the sum of £4, for which amount Web ster gave a receipt, in which the horse was accurately described. Prisoner reserved his defence, and was committed for trial at the Circuit Court to be holden at Tam worth on the 2nd October next. John Drnmmond was committed for trial at the same court, on a charge of stealing some tea, the property of Messrs. Cohen and Levy. A man named John Crosby, charged with being concerned with Web ster in the horse stealing case, briefly re ported above, was remanded after the evi dence of the apprehending constable had been taken.—We have a painful duty to fulfil in recording the death of Miss Agnes Hartley, of Manilla, From what we can learn, the young lady attempted on Tues day, while on horseback, to cross the Namoi, 8 miles above Manilla. The Namoi was rather high, in consequence of the recent rains. The current proved to be too strong for her horse, and the ani mal being washed off its legs, its rider was precipitated into the stream and drowned. The body of the ill-fated girl was recovered on the following day.—A Mrs. Duigan, residing at Moore Creek, met with an un fortunate mishap, by which she sustained a very bad thigh fracture. On last Thurs day week she was engaged with a horse and dray in drawing water from the creek, when the horse, from some unex plained cause, became rather frightened, and increased his pace to a fast walk, and then to a trot. Mrs. Duigan becoming alarmed, her maternal instinct urged her first to secure the safety of a young child she had with her in the dray, and this she accomplished by dropping it gently on the ground. She then tried to save her- j self, but fell, and one of the wheels of the dray passed over her left thigh, crushing i the bone frightfully.—On Wednesday morning last, a boy named William Lan ginbaclier, son of a farmer of that name \ residing on Nemingha Flat, was riding in company with his brother Henry to a I place in town at which they were em- i ployed in building a house, when Wil- ' liam's horse stumbled and came down, the result of the fall being that the lad's left s thigh was broken.—At the age of about threescore, Mr. Adam Robson, who had resided in this neighbourhood ever since Tamworth became a township, and of late years had been settled on Dungowan Creek, died on Tuesday last.—It will be seen by an advertisement elsewhere that no fewer than 22 head of horses, includ ing many valuable brood mares, were, on the night of the 1st instant, stolen from Diniwarindi Paddock, near Manilla, and for the conviction of the thieves a reward of £200 is offered. The ' Mercury' states that the Coroner held an inquest at Hinton, recently, on the body of Michael Quinn, aged 70, who had died very suddenly on the previous day, from paralysis induced or accelerated by habitual intemperance. Mr. Jas. Manning thinks it probable good coal is so deep below Sydney that the working of it would not pay. How ever, he gives a valuable hint—that in the Southern coal measures, for many miles along the coast, a peculiar vein of ironstone overlies a good coal seam by a uniform height of about 500 feet. Hence he infers that if that vein were reached at Sydney it would be a guide as to the depth of the coaL The topic is one of in terest not only to the residents of the county of Cumberland, but to the people of the colony, and probably the Govern ment would be justified in placing a sum on the estimates to solve the problem. The other day, in Bathurst, a wooden liouBe was being removed on wheels, when, according to the 'Times,' the old fabric suddenly " went by the board" and came down with a crash in front of Mr. Furness's shop. Some seven or eight days had been spent in getting the old rookery prepared for removal, and it was with anything but delighted countenances that the men in charge gazed upon the wreck. The ' Mackay Mercury' says The Rev. Mr. Spooner, the Church of Eng land clergyman at Bowen, met with a se vere accident near St. Helen's station, while on his way to Mackay on Thursday evening last. It appears that while can tering along the road about four miles from the station, the reverend gentle man's horse stumbled and fell, rolling over him and breaking one of his legs be low the knee. Fortunately he had a companion with him, and with his assist ance Mr. Spooner was able to mount his horse again and ride as far as St. Helen's. The ' Gympie Times' says :—A sad ac cident occurred on Saturday to — Bouri gan, a carter, who, whilst driving his dray, laden with firewood for the Gympie Crushing Machine, was jammed between ■ the wheel and a tree. The unfortunate ' man managed to crawl a considerable dis tance to a place Where some men were at work, and was by them assisted into town. In spite of medical skill and atten tion, he died on Monday, through the in juries he had received internally. He leaves a wife and five children, we hear. The ' Narrabri Herald' says :—A few days since one of our residents, whilst turning over some ground on his selec tion, came upon a whole swarm of brown snakes, oven a dozen, varying in length from fifteen to eighteen inches, and de spatched the lot. One that had. got away into a bush did not understand being dis turbed in such summary fashion, and came out again, prepared to show fight. His intentions were, fortunately, dis covered just in the nick of time, and whilst he was in the act of preparing him self to strike, he received his death blow. Amongst the lot was a leaden-coloured snake, with a red-spotted head. The 1 B. F. Press' says :—On Tuesday a publican from Raglan was fined for not having a light burning before his licensed house during the night. It appears that the light usually kept burning is a candle, and the Police Magistrate stated that he was surprised that the Police allowed such a thing to exist, as the Act specified dis tinctly that the light should either be gas or oil and not a candle. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says :—About three weeks ago we reported an accident on the wharf, by whioh a man named John Burke, carpenter of the barque Mallard, had his leg severely crushed be tween the vessel and the wharf. The bone was very badly fractured ; and the unfortunate man was removed to the Hospital, where he has since received careful medical attendance, and every possible comfort that his condition re quired. Up to within the past two or three days Dr. Harris entertained hopes of the man's recovery ; but tetanus su pervened, and Burke died yesterday. The * Herald' states that at the Water Police Court, Sydney, on the 2nd hist., John Cunningham was charged with at tempting to commit suicide. Defendant was locked up in the Cumberland-street police station for being drunk, and dur ing the night Sergeant Tubman heard a choking noise, and on going to the cell in which Cunningham was confined, he found him suspended by the neck with a pocket handkerchief. The Bench committed de fendant to take his trial.—Charles White head, George Sweany, George Senior, William Johnson, Robert Seal, and Hy. Waterhouse were charged with playing cricket on the Lord's Day. The'sum monses were issued under the Act 1 Charles I., cap. 1, section 5, which fixes the penalty at 3s. 4d., in default to be imprisoned in the stocks for three hours. The police withdrew the information on payment of costs. Mr. Lowe appeared for the defendants. The ' N. Z. Herald' states that Mr. Yogel, having obtained by a large ma jority the abolishing of the North Island provinces, is, it is said, advised by Mr. Stafford to shortly call another session of Parliament to pass a bill to give effect to his resolutions. Telegram from Melbourne, in ' Herald' of 3rd inst. :—Afire broke out at Dr. Sew ell's residence, Richmond, last night, and destroyed the premises and contents. The former were insured for £500, and the latter for £600.—The full Court has granted a rule nisi in the case of Filgate v. Thompson, to enter verdict for defend ant or reduce damages to £10.—The Co lonial Mutual Life Assurance Society has submitted a satisfactory report. 378 poli cies applied for, exceeding £92,000 in amount. Ditto from Adelaide :—Four town wo men have been committed for trial, charged with the manslaughter of one of their infants. The ' Star7 states that at a meeting of the Sub Committee of the Ballarat Hos pital the will of Mr. William Higgins, duly signed and attested, was received, wherein he bequeaths his body, after death, to the hospital, to be dissected and dealt with as may be most desirable in the cause of science. The ' Wagga Express' says :—On Thurs day last a fatal accident occurred on the road between Wagga and Wagingoberem bie. A man named Leonard, who for some time past has been employed by Mr. James Rudd, of that station, became so peculiar in his behaviour as to lead Mr. Rudd to suppose that he was insane, and he decided to send him to Wagga. Mr. William Rudd accordingly started with Leonard. On the road are two creeks, which the recent rains have filled ; the first was successfully crossed, but upon endeavouring to cross the se cond, Leonard apparently pulled his horse's head down the stream, and al most immediately afterwards he fell, or was washed out of the saddle, and disap peared. Mr. Rudd was unable to render any assistance, as the stream was running very strongly. The body of the unfor tunate man has not yet been, recovered. The horse succeeded in getting to the op posite bank in safety. James Howlett has been committed for trial, at Sydney, on the charge of aiding the abortion of Phoebe Hanks. Bail al lowed, in £1000. A Chinese named Lip Ping was lately ! found dead, in his hut, at Bendigo. He ! had been suffering from pneumonia and j ascites. He was 64 years of age, and for some time past had been begging for a sub- | sistence. ... I The following singular intimation comes | from the ' Herald's' Billabong correspond- ; ent; Frederick Potter died here on Sa- i turday week last, suddenly, at nightfall. He was buried without inquest or medical; certificate on the following day. The cause .of death registered stands thus : " Want of breath." Its Windsor correspondent writes A fire took place at Pitt Town on Monday afternoon last, between 4 and 5 o'clock, on the premises of Mr. James Gillespie, farmer. Two sheds containing a large quantity of hay and com were destroyed, besides a dray and a lot of farming imple ments. It was with great difficulty that the dwelling-house and other buildings were saved. The origin of the fire cannot be ascertained. The loss occasioned is a very serious one for Gillespie. Mr. Parkes is expected in Sydney on the 11th inst., and if he arrives then the Governor will leave for Fiji on the 12th, calling at Norfolk Island on his way. The game of polo is to be discontinued at Moore Park, from the way in which it was cutting up the ground. Telegram from Braidwood, in ' Herald' of 4th inst. :—A public meeting of stock owners has been held in reference to Mr. Hangars proposed Cattle Sale Yards Bill. Mr. Maddrell was in the chair. Mr. Bunn proposed, and Mr. Hassall se conded, a motion that in the opinion of the meeting the erection of cattle sale yards should be left to private enterprise, and the resolution was carried unani mously. Ditto from Melbourne :—Mr. Boucaut has given a notice of motion in favour of the payment of members. He has also given notice of motion for restricting tip pling in the Houses of Parliament.—The body of the mate of the schooner Adelaide has been washed ashore. Ditto from Wagga The Murrumbid gee Pastoral Association's Show was held yesterday. The weather was fine. About 800 persons were present at the Exhibi tion, and the town was crowded with visitors. The entrances in all classes were fair; cattle very numerous ; sheep goed. (A list of the prizes follows.) Mr. John Williams, the executor in the will of the late Mr. Wm. Moffitt, of Syd ney, has paid .£1250 to five institutions, being £250 each. They are the Sydney Ragged Schools, Benevolent Asylum, the Sydney Infirmary, the Destitute Chil dren's Asylum, and the Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asylum. The * Herald' says The captain and two of the crew of the schooner Mary Ann Christina arrived yesterday morning in the Diamantina (s.), having left their ves sel on the beach inside of Crowdy Heads. It appears that the vessel, laden with tim ber, left the Manning River for Sydney last week, but in crossing the bar she bumped veiy hard and afterwards leaked so much that the captain ran for Crowdy Bay and beached her. She is full of water, her bottom having been knocked in. Carpenters have been engaged to go by next steamer to repair her. Captain Bedford reports that the Manning bar is very bad at present, there only being 8 feet of water when the Diamantvni came out. The Mary Ann Christina is insured in the Victoria Office for £650. The Melbourne 'Argus' states that a suicide was committed by a woman in the Yarra about 1 o'clock on Saturday morn ing. The woman was observed by Con stable Mansfield, who was on duty on the bridge, to throw herself over the parapet on the Western side of it, and imme diately afterwards he heard her cry, " Oh, save me, save me," and saw her floating down the river. He and some other men ran down to the boatshed, and pushed off | in a boat, but there were no oars to it, and they had to use two pieces of wood which they found to propel them towards the place where they saw the woman. She, however, had sunk beneath the water when they reached the spot. A young woman left her home, in Richmond, about 12 o'clock at night; and, from the description given of her, it is supposed that she is identical with the woman seen to throw herself in the river.—Sarah Grimley, aged 47, attempted to drown herself in the Yarra, just below the Falls bridge, about half-past 1 o'clock on Sa turday afternoon. The attempt was, however, observed, from the steamer Otway, and two of the sailors belonging to that vessel put off in a boat to her quickly and prevented her carrying out her intention. She was taken to the lock-up. The woman gave as a reason for her rash act that she had been robbed of a sum of money which she had earned in domestic service, and had no home to go to. It was lately reported in Nattai that Francis Goodwin, chemist, in the employ of Dr. Williamson, had committed suicide by taking poison. An inquest was held, at which Dr. Williamson deposed to de ceased having taken a large dose of chloral hydrate, laudanum, and camphor; de ceased was given to drink a good deal at times. Mrs. Holt said that deceased had asked her for her daughter, when she put him off. He subsequently told her that if she did not comply with his wish she would not see him alive again. Dr. M'Mullin stated that when he saw de ceased he was not quite dead, breathing was stopped but not pulsation; was of opinion death resulted from an overdose of chloral hdyrate. A verdict was given that deceased died from an overdose of chloral hydrate, administered by himself as an opiate, while labouring under tem porary insanity. _ The ' Murrurundi Times' says :—On Saturday last there was a fall of snow on the Range, near the town, which re mained until melted by the afternoon s sun. The ' Ballarat Courier' says :—A Rus sian gentleman who is making a seven years' tour of the world viBited Ballarat on Saturday, and was shown over some of our principal alluvial claims by Mr. David Christy, the mining registrar. The name of the visitor, who came accredited from Mr Brougli Smyth, is Nicholas Nenuzow. He is well acquainted with the alluvial workings in Siberia, and expressed liim self as highly pleased with all that was shown him at the Black Hill, Hand and Band, Koh-i-noor, and the Llanberns claims. Saturday's ' Herald' says :—Yesterday afternoon a little girl named Jane Miller, daughter of John Miller, boiler-maker, Kent-street, while at the Old Post Office, Wynyard-square, trying to get a ticket to admit her to the New Post Office, was jostled by a person, and a crochet needle which she had in her hand penetrated her chin. She was taken to Dr. Holloway, who extracted the needle by drawing it through her mouth. Tn the Wagga district, recently, George Davis had his: team of five horses acci dentally drowned- They had cost liirn over £100. The ' Pilot' reports another shocking railway accident at Newcastle, which oc curred at half-past 5 on Friday evening. A young man named Jas. Fuller was crossing the line through gates in Hunter street, when he was struck by the engine of a passenger train. He was knocked off his feet, and carried by the lifeguards of the engine about fourteen yards; he seems then to have fallen clear of the guards, with his body inside and parallel with the rails of the four-feet, and one arm across the rail. While in this posi tion the wheels of engine and carriages passed over his arm, which was divided, except that it hung by a few shreds of mutilated flesh ; but, singular to say, the whole train passed over, and clear of, his body. Dr. Knaggs removed the arm a few inches below the shoulder, which was effected by cutting the skin with a pair of scissors. The poor fellow lost a good deal of blood, and it was necessary to sustain him by means of brandy, which was ad ministered several times during the opera tion. After the stump of the arm had been temporarily bound up to stop the bleeding, he was carefully removed to the Hospital, where it was found he was terribly bruised about the head, body, and legs. At twelve o'clock last night he was in a very precarious state. Fuller is a steady man, is married, and has three children. It would appear, from letters received, that the expedition in search of Classan was proceeding satisfactorily, a short time ago On the 3rd instant a seaman named John Taylor was taken to the Sydney In firmary with a broken arm. Telegram from Goulburn, in Saturday's ' Herald':—This evening Messrs. William Davies and R. H. Blatchford, returning from Crookwell in a buggy, driven by Walter Pitty, reached the Wollondilly, which was in partial flood, and tried to cross; when they were in the river the traces broke. Pitty swam ashore, and went to Rossiville for assistance. On returning he saw the buggy and occu pants carried away. He plunged into the water and rescued Davies—but saw no more of Blatchford. The horses were drowned. Ditto from Young :—Charles Burrett, of Euroka station, Bland, was thrown off his horse on Tuesday. He broke his ribs and collar bone, and died this morn ing. Ditto from Albury :—The Albuiy Turf Club programme was fixed last night. £1000 added money. Albury Cup, £300; Club Handicap, £200 ; and other events equally liberal. Ditto from Brisbane :—From Towns ville it is reported that at the St. Ann's station Messrs. Rourke and Munro have been stuck up by the blacks. Two men were killed and another was mortally wounded.—The Wonga Wonga (s.) has | sailed for Sydney with 8800 ozs. of gold, j —The Rockhampton scheme for the es- j tablishment of a new steam company is meeting with good support. 3000 shares ! were taken to-day. Ditto from Melbourne :—Mr. Parkes was met by the Corporation of Ballarat and shown over the city. He was after wards entertained at luncheon. He then returned to Melbourne by special train. He is attending a dinner, to which he has been invited, at Scott's to-night. Sir James M'Cullocli is chairman, and Mr. J. J. Phelps vice chairman.—In the As sembly, the Budget debate has been re sumed and further adjourned. Mr. Lang- j ton made a good speech last night.—A new trial has been refused to the plaintiff in the case Walker v. George.—A small wooden house at Hotham has been de- j stroyedby fire.—Messrs. Peters & Bar i nard, carrying on business in Launceston, i have failed for £90,000. Ditto from Lannceston, via M. :—The Rev. Mr. Garrett, Moderator of the Pres bytery of Tasmania, is dead.—A publican named Keefe has been committed for trial for refusing to pay over the stakes won by Bird in the recent pedestrian match. Ditto from Adelaide :—Evan Gough has been drowned at Port Augusta.— 1300 tons of breadstuffs were exported last week.—The Government is pledged to introduce the Murray Railway Bill this session.—The National Marine In surance Company's report shows £2400 loss upon the last half-year.—Residents of the South intend applying to Parliament for a bill to enable them to cut a canal from Goolwa to the sea.—The City of Adelaide was got off this morning, and moved into the harbour undamaged.— Sales of wheat are reported at 5s. 4d. Mr. J. M. Canty has been presented with a set of ' Chambers's Encyclopedia' and a purse of sovereigns for Insufficiency as Secretary for six years to the Maitland School of Arts. The conviction of Burdett for the abor tion case lias been sustained by the full Court. The ' Mercury's' Murrurundi corre spondent writes :—A man named Charles Theobalds, of Inverell, was this day run over by the wheel of his dray and sus tained a compound fracture of the leg. The other day, at West Maitland, Jas. Sivyer was charged with attempting sui cide, by taking strychnine. Other evi dence having been taken, Dr. Pierce said that when called in he found Sivyer under the influence of liquor, and doubted if he had taken strychnine as he had said. The case was dismissed. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says :— Another case of sudden death from heart disease occurred on Tuesday morning, the victim being Mr. Charles F. Hare, for merly bailiff of the district court, who was found dead in his bed. Deceased had been under medical treatment for some months past, but, as in most instances of heart disease, no warning of approaching danger was given. = The Roma correspondent of the 'Too woomba Chronicle' writes:—Christopher Sydney Smith, who figured in a late shoot ing case at the Toowoomba Assizes, was brought before the magistrates here to day, charged with obtaining money un der false pretences. The case on which he was arrested in Brisbane was dis missed, but as he was leaving the Court House he was re-arrested on two charges, and the evidence being overwhelming in each case, he was convicted, and sentenced to six months' (cumulative) imprison ment with hard labour in each in Roma gaol. ^ It is said that this worthy, while on his way from Charleville to Too woomba, drew cheques to the value of £250, in some instances post-dating them. Of course none of them have been paid. The e Northern Advocate,' of Millches ter, ■ says :—In the Chinaman's race, Henry introduced the horse known as " Joi-rocks" under the name of " Bones," and entered him as such. This was dis covered by Mr. Rutherford, one of the Stewards, who found that, by applying a mixture of ink and grease, the star on the horse's forehead had been "eclipsed," which, with a decent saddle instead of the greenhide substitute usually adorning that remarkable animal, might have passed cur rent with less lynx-eyed officials than ours. At a School in Yass, the other day, two boys quarrelled about some eatables that one of them had brought, when the latter was stabbed in the hand with a pen knife. Charles Evans was killed recently, at Castlemaine, by falling down a shaft. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says:—Yes terday, at the ginning establishment of Messrs. Cribb & Foote, a youth named Joseph Schiffler, fourteen years of age, received a severe injury by having his right Iiand caught by the saws of a cotton gin. He was sent to the hospital, when it was found that the hand was badly cut and torn, and it was considered necessary to amputate the little finger. Also :—A large number of our readers will learn with great regret that Mr. Wal lace Barnett, the well-known commission agent, and for some years American Con sul at Brisbane, died this morning, at his residence in Leiehhardt-street. The de ceased gentleman had been a sufferer for some time past from the painful affection of the kidneys known as " Briglit's Dis ease," which later on had been followed by dropsy. A week ago a rally caused his friends to have sanguine hopes of re covery, but a relapse ensued on Saturday last, resulting in his gradual sinking and death. The Melbourne ' Argus' states tbat an infant, named Frances Smith, was born in the Kew Asylum, on the 9th of July last, the mother being Elizabeth Smith, a patient there. The child was left by an attendant from the asylum lying on the foot-path in Walpole-street; and this person, Lilias Taylor, then went to the Kew police station, and gave information to the police, by whom the infant was taken in charge. The person who had so exposed the baby came before the Kew court yesterday, and deposed that the child had no visible lawful means of sup port ! The child was thereupon sent to the Industrial School for seven years. The Melbourne ' Telegraph' says :—A most inhuman case of parental neglect came under the notice of the City Co roner on Thursday, at the Melbourne Hospital, where an inquest was held touching the death of Winifred Byrne, a girl of eight years of age, whose death took place on the 26th August. It ap peared from the evidence adduced that the mother of the deceased, who lived in Carlton, was always in an incapable state through drink, and quite unable to take proper care of her children. Last Satur day week the deceased complained of feel ing ill with a pain in her head, from which she was quite drowsy. The father of the deceased, who is a fireman on board the steamer Southern Cross, now from home, obtained some medicine for her. She re mained in about the same state till last Wednesday, when she took to her bed. Mr. Fletcher, surgeon, was called in on Monday on account of the deceased being found insensible. The doctor sent her to the hospital. The deceased during all her illness had been attended to by the neigh bours. Constable Delauey said that he took the child to the hospital last Mon day, the 24th August. He found her ly ing on a sofa quite insensible. Discovered the mother under some palings in a neigh bour's yard; she was quite stupid from drink, dirty, and partly dressed. He went to her house the next night and found her still drunk. Mr. Annand, re sident surgeon, stated that when the de ceased was brought to the hospital she was insensible, and remained so till the morn ing of the 26th, when she died. He made a post-mortem examination, and found that death had resulted from congestion of the brain and its membranes. The body was thin, but there was nothing to show that the deceased had been starved or ill-treated. If she had been properly treated at the first she would have re covered. The jury found that the de ceased had died from congestion of the brain and its membranes ; and further, that the mother, Mary Elizabeth Byrne, was guilty of manslaughter. She was then committed for trial. A contemporary says :—Denny's Pul veriser has had a full measure of success in Victoria. Mr. Denny, who has just returned from Sandhurst, where he su perintended the erection and trial of one of the machines, has sold the patent right in Victoria for an almost incredible sum. An iron-worker in Sandhurst contracts to supply the machines, paying Mr. Denny a sum of £125 for each one turned out of his foundry. In addition to this, Mr. Denny is ensured a royalty of £5000 from all gold saved in the district by means of his patent. The sum total secured to Mr. Denny for the whole colony as a royalty in gold saved is £25,000, and this, with the manufacturing right of £125 for each machine turned out, will bring him a snug fortune. 