THE PERPETUAL ALMANAC ; OR THE GENTLEMAN SOLDIER'S PRAYER-BOOK. When the 60th B.«giment of Foot was once stationed in a large English city, the sergeant commanded his party to the church, and when the parson had ended his prayer,he took his text; and all of them that had a Bible pulled it out to find the text; but Richard Middle ton, a private soldier, had neither Bible, almanac, nor common prayer-book. He put his band in his pocket and pulled out a,pack of cards, and spread them before him as he sat. While the parson was preaching ho first kept looking at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said, " Eichard, put up your cards; for this is no place for them." " Never mind that," said the soldier, " for you have no business with me here.", "When the parson had ended his ser mon and all was done, the soldiers re paired to the churchyard, and the com manding officer gave the word of com mand to fall in, which; they did. The sergeant of the city took the soldier pris oner. " Man, you are my prisoner," said the sergeant. V " Me," said the soldier, " What hare I done'that L should be your prisoner P" . " You hare played a game of cards in* church," said the sergeant. . Said the soldier, " I have not played a game of cards in. church ; I only looked at a jack/' ' "jNo matter for that, you are my pris oner." . - ? " Where must we go P" asked, the soldier. - "'You must go before the Mayor of the city," said the sergeant. So he took him before the Mayor, and when they came to the. Mayor's house, he was at dinner. When he had dined, he came to them and said, " Well, sergeant, . what do you want-with'me." " ! 1 " I have brought a soldier before your Honor . for- playing at cards in the church." " What! that soldier ?" . .-'''Yes."- ... . '. i I,*-/'Well, soldieri-H&at; have you to say for.yourself.?"' . : / , J , ".Much, sir, I Hope." ; ' ... ,and good ; but if yoij. have, not, ybu snail be published the wor^t'that ever man'*was." - " Sir,;'- said the . soldier," I.'have been five weeks upon the march, and. have but ,. little'to subsist on, and am'without either .Bible,". almanac, or commonprayer-book, : or. anything ;but a pack of cards.; I hope to satisfy your Honor of the purity of my intentions.' : [ (before the Mayor, and began 'with. the ace. ; v :r | " Wheii I see tlie ace," said he," " it puis me in mind there is one God only when I see the deuce, it pnts me in mind of the Father.' and th'e Son; when I see the'tray, it puts me in mind of the Father, Son, and. Holy Ghost; when I see tho four, it putsine in mind of. the four Evan-i .Relists that preached the Gospel, viz., Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John; when I see the fire, it puts me in mind of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps -there were ten, but five were foolish, ! and< were shut out; when I see the six, it renunds.me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth; when I see the seven, it puts me in mind that on the seventh day God rested from all the works he had created and made-where* fore the Lord . blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it; when I see the eight, it puts me in mind of the eight righteous persons who were saved in the ark when God drowned the world, viz., Noah and his wife and his three sons and their wives; when I see the nine, X am re minded of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour-there were ten, but nine never returned God thanks; when I see the ten, it puts me in mind of ten commandments that God gave to Moses on Mount Sinai on the two tables of stone." He took the knave and laid it aside. " When I see the queen, it puts me in mind of the, Queen of Sheba, who came from the furthermost parts of the world to hear the wisdom of Eing Solomon, and who was as wise a woman as he was a man, for she brought fifty boys and fifty §irls, all dressed in boys' apparel, to show efore King Solomon, for him to tell which were boys and which girls, but he [ Could not until ho called .for water to wash themselves; the girls washed np to their elbows, and the boys only to weir wrists, so King Solomon told by that; and also, of Qaeen Elizabeth, to pray for her; and when I see the king, it puts me in mind of the Great King of Heaven and earth, which is God Almighty." ." Well,' said the Mayor,;" you have given a veiy good description of all the cards except one, which is lacking." " What is that ?" said the soldier. " The knave," said the Mayor. "Oh, I can give your. Honor a good description of that; if your Honor won't be angry." - ' " No. I will not," said the .MayoT, " if you will not term me the knaves."-' ' " Well," said the soldier, " thfc.greatest knave that I know of is the sergeant of. the city, who brought me here." "I don't know," said the Mayor, " that he is the greatest knave, but I am sure he . is the greatest fool." "I shall now show your Honor how I use the cards as an almanac." "You certainly are a clever fellow," said tho Mayor, " but I think you will have a hard matter to make that ap pear." " When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find there are three hundred and sixty-five; there are so many days in the year." " Stop," said the Mayor; " that's a mistake." "I grant it," said the soldier, " but as X have never yet seen an almanac that was thoroughly correct in all points, it would have been impossible for me to imitate an almanac exactly-without a mistake." " Your observations are very correct," said the Mayor ; " go on." When I count how many cards there are m a pack I find there are fifty-two; there are so many weeks in the year. When I count how many tricks there are m a pack I find there are thirteen; there are so many months in the year. So you see, sir, that this pack of cards is a Bible, almanac, common prayer-book, and pack of cards, all in" one." Then the Mayor took a loaf of bread off the table, and gave it to the soldier, and said to him, "This time, soldier, you Tay K°i hut the next time you go to church, take a Bible, like other folks, and keep your own to use upon the march. Here is a loaf for you, for if you subsisted five days marching on a pack of cards, having neither Bible, almanac, nor com mon prayer-book, you must now be hungry. You may go." London, July 23,1587. 