ITALIAN OPERA,-' PIPHJL' Iwl ^WMB *8^ llEwnl vDQbTv OTnVsv lwwfcv pBwTs^sTsnwBB it ta« theatre Keyal, lor the ant wSse ia tsss ietosy,wm8kwsr0i-atfs-flyeisas)ilB%Bora ?aetioB on Thursday afcjht was the fonowmf :- Carle, Spur Ooy ; Osbrkne, mfaer Touraerie ; Pfntit, 9i|raorBaldassari; Don Jaeopo, wgnor Deadi; Uasssre, Mr. 6. A. Jehnsen ; Mas ilsns, Sigaera Magi; BigoUetta, Kgaera Gay. The illmiam was moderatsry kwtje. Ooessitstaw fn»MBUMBisssn«peittt,Mrbels-'dees not rank very bigh to the estimation ef unenns— nrs, yet ithsette merit ef being eetaparattveiy staple in Ms eoaswuetioo. Its vocal parts do not flassJytrythefiasss. the greaser snttiiinsiil ?C of recttssne. The miliiiss are mestry eiereai, lessntbW mere the style ef Bsr Henry Bishop than any other easniosei we lemember. agaor TfaHs—ri seemed eaacMym his slsimt. Bines the opening night he has only appeared in three er four nsarsiissra, but he has shewn so much drsaatie newer as to exeite a- general deswetehear and seehim agsJe. Th* desire was grslhW on Thuwdey sisnim, TbeBicnor most; we think, have mere than realised the expectations ef his admirers. The tssty, irascible, snappish, cantankerous, yet withal (oo&tsayersd;, irril mssning. and taasrrisot Parisian erocaeW was pressstsil to the bfe. The asrasBsssnt ereatsd ky his sfagisf and aeting , taken in Bsnssetien with the elever and sftistKperfern«s«esofaifnenMsgiane finer DcadJ,wssim«inii Uughtsr held hsSdes to prefect its lapsing into oonvusmons. Toe more serious buaneas fell to the lot of ntgaer and Signora Coy. The latter ssng with Bsueh taste, aad was freauently ssfkods* te the echo. Sosse rather lam shces were cut oat, and the last act was divided into two parts. The curtain Ml at about half pert 10 o'clock. -* I Lombabdi.' This ressentio epera is to be perforsaed to nwhtforthenrsttimeintheeokmy. Thesoene m laid first in the Island of Rhodes, and then in Palestine. Act L represents a square in front of the Church of St Ambrose, where Arvino with a number of citizens is weloomingback his brother Paeano, who had some years before— excited by jealousy— attempted to stab him, and then tied from the island. Pagano now returns appa rently penitent; but bis jealousy is again aroused on seeing the preference whioh VicUnda has shown to his brother. The scene now changes to the interior of the palace of Foloo, where Pagano, aided by Pirro, having formed a plot to murder his brother, and carry off Viclinda— prepares for his dreadful deed. Pirro places soWiers in different parts who aretoset fire to the palace, while Pagano enters Arvino's ap partmente, and having, as be thinks, put his un fortunate brother to death, he returns with the wretched Viclinda, who calls loudly upon her husband to save her. Arvino then suddenly ap pean, followed by bis daughter Giselda, and a number of servants bearing torches. Pagano is horror-struck at seeing his brother, and asks wildly who he has killed. Oa finding that it is his own father, he attempts to stab himself, but is prevented from doing so by the atten dants.. Act IL The scene is now changed to Palestine, where Pagano, overcome by remorse for the murder of his father, has taken refuge, and lives disguised as a hermit. He has gained great re putation for his piety; and Pirro, who does not know him in his disguise, comes and con ferees to him that he has aided a parricide. Meanwhile Arvino has been summoned to the Crusades by Peter the Hermit. He, too, seeks tbe ' Hermit of the Cavern,' and pours forth to him the sorrows of his overburdened heart, his daughter Giselda has been stolen from him, and taken to the harem of Oronte. The hermit promises that before the dawn of tha aext day ArviDO shall be master of the city, and hu daughter shall be given up to him, for Pirro, who has the charge of the city gates, has agreed to let the Christians in. Tbe next scene lepresente the interior of Oronte' a palace, where Giselda, surrounded by the women of the harem, offers up a prayer to the Virgin for protection. She has fallen deeply in love with Oronte, whose mother, Sophia, is a Chris tian ; but she prays to see her father again. Her prayer is soon answered, for Arvino, the hermit, and several knights, suddenly enter. Giselda is about to rush into her father's arms wbto she perceivee marks of blood on his hands, and shrink u e from him, she denounces the holy wars as most unholy and wicked. Act III. Giselda is seen wandering in the Valley of Jebosaphat. She is bewailing her unhappy fate, when she issurprisedatbeholdtng Orocte, whoa she has believed to be dead. He tells her he has been obliged to fly from the enemy, and his life is now in danger; but she declares her determination to go with him where* ever he may wander. Accordingly they ny together, and are next seen in the hermit's cavern, where Oroote lies wounded, attended by Giselda and the hermit. Giselda is frantic with despair, and madly accuses heaven of having for saken her, while Oronte declares himself a Christian, and with one last embrace falls dead. Act IV. Giselda is alone in a cavern, when the ghost of Oronte appears to her and talk her that she shall soon join him in heaven. He also charges her to tell the Crusaders not to be dis couraged and they shall possess the Holy Land. Arvico and a number of pilgrims and women then enter the cave, and to them Oiselda relates her vision. The hermit, too, is carried in wounded and dying. In his last moments he reveals his real name to his astonished brother, and entreats bis forgiveness, whioh is quickly granted, and thus Pagano ends his days. Teb Cbsion or Fiji.— A telegram was yester day received by the Chief Secretary from the Colonial Secretary at Sydney, intimating that Fiji had been unconditionally ceded to Great Britain. Further information on the subject appears in our own telegraphic column. [From yesterdays JWwtag JamnaL] Pbovisiofs at KDrrHBTJBOH.— With reference to a recent statement, that provision* had run short at SdHhburgh, a tradesman there informs us that the deficiency arose from want ot shipping accommodation— an inconvenience that docs not now exist. Gas Merck; at Stbathaibtn.— A meeting, convened by the Mayor of 8trathalbyn, was held on the evening of October 12, at the Terminus Hotel, to consider the subject of relighting the town with gas. Mr. W. Colman, J.P. (Mayor), presided. Mr. Hodgkiss, a Director of the Pro vincial Gas Company, and Mr. Thompson, the Engineer, attended, and the former stated that the Board felt it desirable that relighting should take place, but to effect this it would be necessary that the future con sumption of gas should exceed the former quantity by from 10,000 to 15,000 feet per month, as the average quantity for six months was only 30,000 feet Before the Directors could consent to relight it would be necessary to obtain customers so that a monthly consumption of from 40,000 to 45,000 feet might be ?ecured. He thought public lamps should be used by the Municipal Council for lighting the bridges and other places, as no other town in the eoleny where gas was laid on was without its public lamps. He presumed that the Managers of the Institute would, if gas wen again supplied, use it in their new buOomg. In answer to questions Mr. HodgkiBi stated that, in tbe event of re lighting, gaa would be laid on to the meters, but customers would have to provide their own fittings. Public lamps would be lit from sunset to midnight, except about the times of full moon. The price would be about £8 each lamp per annuss, and the cost of gas to private consumers would be 20s, per L00O feet Mr. J. J. Bonnar moved, and Mr. H. Foster seconded, 'That 20s. per 1,000 feet for gas, as now proposed, »a reasonable price.' Carried. Mr. G. M. TurabuU moved, and Mr. H. Foster seconded, 'That some person be appointed to obtain the signatures of those who will consume gas at the rate of 20s. per 1,000 feet and the quantity likely to be ffrommtd, and that after such information is obtained the Chairman for ward the same te tbe Piwriaeial Gas Company.' Carried, On the preposition of Mr. J. J. Bonnar, seconded by Mr. B. Foster, Mr. Booato was chosen for tbe duty. 