N''~ q"lu Ii up hue fot o'o ('ltld ou rt ti-o (uosvrf'l C Iottfntoitm iontaW' wi,,o, tliuttha thri 010 n1o mo1t wola iroatill toroiblod hyf thibm, nid ahoo.I1:, in QVIr' t?hln? l,: Wo~1 lo oio. llc to rayior to ygc'novei bvat~tuhen Vl1o dual toatoro nv, thi wh i ll , miiu lo il,,tttrrao.of" strif di?a ouaC, tliay' h'lur tli inc.;. ttIIOff2, f?,d V19 ny , rthl L : Of?/ihblb o five u~nfi fornto tiii o, 'th l b~toito icu .t~wQ ft m:onto 11|oll too t, h!h nrl/di ake thle ihlidy of lloor ,'O lf 1so o r" ?h io ol Aiot h .e 1a uttOten ion 6f \- , '%h hun mu.h Inrahamelne why don t'6 die, or eooome invisible? 14' o nont$ Ioibz t ofe qiu If P'qu to Ih nysthingi now, loor "Observer" is all of a trcbible a Ooes the ii- lion in your very shafdowv. Take wings and go, ye troulblern of 'theo n -?-= It is welI known to tie niost of peoplein Wailend that a few weleks ago the Co ngaC: tiotnali'S.tSbbath Sc'hool nvCmimrsary" was coleiratod, and that the ltov. J. imngram, of Hiintony'.wna invited toi 1irs?eh. TVell, at a; ou-1.l,e' meeting of the: Ministoril' Assoclation, held at Lambton, it avas raeolhved thait action shomlid be takdn at oni?:e'to satop thoi chlairman and somen of "thd spelhers from tlakng any part' ii the festival. Ietters wero sent to the chinrman and spliakers, pntlrorting to hle frmin a mni'ting of the ministers in the district, when Io! oot "Obsedrver" and oiothcr were the onls onca rest. The 'oshe?s know nothilng of such a l?cating "There is a want of honour in such colduct, ?ndl silence after playing such a ?art ?iolutli have been prudlent. But no n as "Observer" fail d to deter the chairman and others from gnilg to see his ghost, he conies out with a longletter in your paper, pilrtly true nod partly rfalse, tryiing t, imipress the ]pulihi with thme idea that thie little church on the hill is made up of mounteis', and would trample thie life out of those in thie mIinistry. NXow Mr. lElitor, we wimh to state that the lor. Mlr. Leais nevelr was our lawfullly recognised miinis ter. WVc told himii from the v'ry first thst preaching in ,Velsh wotld iiot take iin Wallend, iandl refused to gi('e a pledge to snllpiort him. The call given'to Mr. Lewis was from Lnamhtoi, not from £1s. We did, howuever, promi- hihn, if he would preach in Eaglish : ulli h compllied fr a few weeks. \We also told him hlie could preach as well in English as Welsh, for lie read.his sermons. Juht about this time, a few .Velshonmi en rami over from Victoria, and wished a service in their Oiwn language, when a uiectiig was cononcad to coinsHiler the subiject. 1Ve give comiNsent for Mr.: Lewis to preach in Velcrh, at tiimen. hut mark r the sprit orf Mr. Lewia. In this very mooltinur lio hlropiosed that all thie aserviccae Hl2l2'l222 112 1Xe0l1211, Rn grt it carridl lby thoso21W20 idil.not nblong to our church, but stragors.. More than2 t·hi', thy t went to a lawyer to try and2 get tihe ch~lbpl from us, tlhough we have built aiid freoed it frucm elct. e ht 11\. was ssiel hy si;mne of t1hos0 stratigcera in Lnamnlton, crush the ]unglish out of tbhe place. Thuls, you see, 'sr. Elditor, the l1pprcssion 2is n12 the ot~her nide. |Mr. L]Lewi2 92nda few strawi2rs wish to change the orlder:nf o2ir church from ]unglirh to ee elsh. And ibeceuse.wno will not tamely sullnit we are held up by " Obscvu" as tyralts of tle lirst water, How 'evr,.w w 22ill not let icily sob of 12n202 dictate to us the rhoode of wrnreheip we are th reoder to God, for thc Bible is onr gilide in thoss thing.-s. Ilear " ObsuvCer," do not lhU no much afraid of gho~ts, the -1 s will never trouble vOn aujy niole. \\\ily shako so when tlhy c2omO near, has there lbeIen nuinlcr in the camp,--br is it only n seunse of wrong on tlih elscilencu ? 1cv will xot ontor upon0 all the cldetails of your letter, lbut just have touched at the 02use of your,ot0pOsition, for weo 1re fully pulratad2ed I122l ielV ohtl2Orr?o Iio ]lrocllchlO bull the gent!oman 1from iinton,,,oi nlever woull Ihave tru.lluild u2 in1 the In.tar, Werokno?w yoer style of wlithing boo well, sir, to be illz llabt of yoiur 21?nt2m. '10o wish yont to Itot Jite deadl lie, and to 1anish the fear of ghosts rf(in your minl2d, leb yo2 shake your netrves beyond recovery. 2N0ow' Mr. "Oblserver," we wish you a happy now ycer. FAIR PLAYt 