ST. MATTHIAS'. CHURCH, CURRAWANG. THE cornerstone of this church was laid on Thurs- day last by the Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe of Goulburn with great ecldt. For some time past the congregation has been worshipping,in a. building louit b"' the manager of the mine; but this, though enlarged by thbo con gregation, has boon long found'insufficient for the attendants at divino worshipi and a pieode of grourid having boon obtained from tflieOooper:lamily,it was determined to build a church forthwith. About £2(00 has buen already promised. aid £140 p'aid,"and abouat another £t00 will yet be required, to complete the building, which' has boon desogiuod by A.'S;om buco Eso., architect, in the early English style.- ' Thursdlay last, the day chosen for laying. the cornor-stono, dawned fair and bright on Ourrawang, and the beauty.of the weather enticed, large num7. her of. atrarigers.from all :parts round. Collector, Kirkdale, Spring Valley, Bangallore, Tarogo, and Lake George wore almost deserted for theo,nonce,. as toa-momutitng do' ?ot .dcour. overy "dayt io ithose parts. " . .. . -. At about half-pest, one service' began in thb: tom4 porary cburoh,conducted by thle Archdeacon, as sisted by the Rev. iH. E. Taylor and Ir..Mlartyn, cltechist. A prooaession was then formed outside the: building in the following ord?r:i'-The' bddfollowe with bannerS, school-boys with banner, girls with banner,the choir, the alergy,-tho church comnittee with bdinner, and'tho congregation.Tlhe prodestiot" moveo d lorward- singing the hymn, "O G'od, our help in ages past." The beauty of the day, the bright appearance of the bannere,o nd the long,preocesio?i in which about four hundred people:took part, joineod to the sweet voicesof 'the singer, comoinoed to make this part of the service the most imposing of the whole, and many persons were moved even to tears. Arrived at the stone, prayer' was offered by the clergy,. and scripture road. The 1.o4th hymn was then sung, when The Rev. EL"E. Taylor, incumnbent of the paro chial district, 'announced that the Archdeacon of Goulburn would lay the stone. A bottle conntainino t(e" C eti icveriptiotai a newspaper and coins was then pluced in the eavity, the stone lowered into its place, and pronounced well and truly laid:-"In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. This stone (the corner-atone) of a church to be ereoted at" Ourrawang, and dedicated to the honour and glory of Almighty God and the Church of Eng land; by the name of St. lMatthias' Church, was laid by the Rov. Alfred T. Puddicombe, chaplain to the Right Rev. leeano Thomas, Lord BUiseop of Gout :huro,1thisilgth day of February, in the year of our Lord 1,874; theRev., Herbert E. Taylor being in cumb'ent of thue parish; William Matthew Martyn being catechist; Andrea Stombuco, architect of the church; and the following being the names of the church committee: --Wlliam Coop r, William Mill j un,.,Gorgu "to rphett, "-Ncxon: :B. Houce, Waller 'Ie tJodw¢ti, ri'd l'eter Rlicddll. ' Ecept the Lrd build the house, their labour is but lost that build it; except the Lard, keep the. city, the watchman waketh but in vaid.'-Psaim cxxvii, 1." ..' Subscriptions and offerings to the amount of £32 8e. 0i. were placed .on the stone; and the To Depm. brought this part'of the aservce to a close. All mo.d ne?'t:.wilh reiedy steps towardi anlarge building .kindly lent by W. Mills Esq, which had bbh;ri'hlifgend' by' n matrquece on one side and deco-. rated with ligs and evergreens. In this place six tables had been provided by the followink lidies : Meodatdue CObpur, :lills and 'Joneds, Roe?d~ Ale Cowan, and gldnal; andt two. bachelors' tlblea;pro vided by' about fifty bachelors, were graced by the superintendence of the Misses Mille. Three times ,were the tables filled with hungry guests before the 'whole compaihy were provided for, about four hun-. iren and fifty people thus partaking of the good, thinge so liberally supplied. When all had come and gone,.the tables were cleared and a meeting hold. The Rev. H. E. Taylor, who took the chair, was pleased to thiik' thit they had reached thus far in the progress of their church. Ile felt it was an answer to prayer;:and he trusted he would soon see them all again at the church opening, They were sorry for the unavoidable absence ol their Bishop, but felt they wvera especially favoured in that the first ofliial noct of the new Archdeacon of Goulburn was to lay the corner-stone of Currawang church. liH concluded by calling for three cheers for Arch deacon Puddicombo, which were rendered most heartily and lustily. A duet, Jesus Most Holy One, and a song by two gentlemen followed, when the chairman called upon \V. Mille jun., Esq., to road the accounts of the chureh. 'omn being done, Mlr. M1ill said it would be seen by thoaue accounts that they still wanted a good bit of money to finish the church with; but he was sure they all felt with him how much they needed a church in that place. lie hoped they would all put their shoulders to the wheel, and then he was crrtlain that if they all worked together with a will they would soon mianagou it. It only wanted a longe pull and a strong p~ill nd a pull ill together, und the matter would be done. (Hear, hear.) They would all have to put their hands in their pockete perhaps once or twice or even three titnoes; but what they gave to such a good cause would never be missed nor regretted on their dying day; but it would then be a satisfaction to feel that they had tried to do their duty in that state of life in which it had pleased God to call them. The speaker, who is very popular in this neighbourhood, sat down amidst much upplause. More musical selections followed, and then the Archdeacon rose and in an effective and most amusing speech quite won the care and heorts of all present. He by some effective anecdotes pointed out that all should give liberally, cheerfully, and as God had blessed them to His service. But above all they should give their prayers for the blessing of God on the work of the gospel. lie felt that the greatest necessity was not a beautiful church, but a faithful ministry, and the other would follow in due time. But it thiis respect the people of Currtwang were to be thankful, and could not complain. Hie hoped that all would labour for God, and not leave the work of the church to be done by others; but that each and itll should do what they could, and then there would be great progress; If only they had the love of Christ in their hearts, then that would drive the money out of their pockets and molt away that iron pyrites of indifference and that sulphur of selfishness which wore so apt to alloy the precious metals. . . A collection then made realised £3 Os. Id. Mr. Martyn (catechist), in an amuring speech, re turned thanks to the ladies, and eaid that they were able to exeroise a great influence for good in the world. People could talk about the spread of the gospel; but that was not enough unaess they helped it forwiid by their offerings. They must not be like the old lady who sang so heartily, " fly abroad thou mighty gospel," but wouldn't look at the plato when it psseod her. Mr. W. Cooper proposed a voto of thanks to the oddlellows who had se freely and gladly joined them in procession that day. The Obairman, in putting these votes of thanls, expressed his gratitude towards all those who had helped, and especially to Mlr. Williams, the manager, who had given the miners a hall- holiday in consequence of the day's festivities. This very happy and suceoosfal meeting was then closed by the singing of the National Anthem and the pronouncing of the benediction, while the eet* ting of the sun haltened the departure of those who had lingorael to the last. About £60 in cash was the result of the tea-moot ing, collection, and offerings on the stone, £25 being raised by the tickets alone. All present were unanimous in saying that the first tea-meeting in Ourrawang had been a good one and a perfect success, and the friendly spirit mani fested by all present was not the least noticeable feature of this joyous day. It may be mentioned that not a few, Roman Catholics anl Wosloyans were among the delighted and numerous gathering. It is expected that St. lIlttbhian' Ohurch will be opened in about three months. MIeanwhilo service is hold here every Sunday evening by the incumbent and lir. lMartyn alternntoly. The altondanco is very good, and the service and singing very warm and hearty. The new church i beoing built of stone with brick arches, and its design reflects great credit on the architect, A. Stomhouo, tEq., of this city. 