Alham mu AIusio TTall,— This piano of publio amuscmout still coutinuos to draw largo nnilionoes, which satisfactory state of things onu bo uttrilmtablo hut to two facts ; first, that the manager novcr ceases in liis endiiavors to please tlic public, .aud, secondly, that -. tlio compiiny engaged nro quito equal to what is expected from tliom. AYIicn ouco opened tbo gunio is kept alive witliqut nagging niilil the curtain drops. Wo havo Mrs. AViltoii In ehiirabter songs such" us " Joe Muggins," and Callor Herein," &c.;, wliioli slio sings tn onpi- ' tnl Btyloj then, wo havo StcvoiiR; in his ; .pedestal dnntw, And (in tlio'vlirial, lilindfohledi both vory elovor porforiuanoes. Noxt 001110s Air! M. Eugnfdo witli his ptBusiiig solos, followed , by Fred. Wilton, who "JNover coases 10 iovo Beautiful Noll,'1 nlthpiigU lio does tako noon-" . sional moonlight walks with " Charley Bnkor.' On Moudny night wo are iufoi'iiird that Madamo-, Sncidor ami Frank Bowyor, will apperr; tho former will perform the celebrated.- canary triek aud the latter, will' bear au anvil woigliing 5U0 lbs qu his qUdBt, while ahoiseslioo is mado thereon. , , CitEMonxi-s Gaudenb. — If any of our towns- folks dofi't know whore to go on Alonday, next ; if tlioy don't oaro ohout stuuining it, or - railing it, or. racing it, wo .' should rcooimnond them by all niuans not to hesitate about tho matter, but to make up tlioir minds to pay a yisit- to Crombfiio 1 Gawlons. ' Lot thorn east their oyes down' the 'prograinmo issued, and . wo fauoy, they xvill find Bufilciout tlioro to iu- 1 (luce them to wander ovor the rivor, and' to hand tlio oxcco'diugly .small loo of ono shilling to Air. -Vortulli. - AVImt u wonderful 'sight it will he belli for young t.ud grown up ehildrcn to seo tho lioro of the hour drawn up nnd down the rivor, in a tub by six geese. AA'haf fun to listen to his voiitriibquisin, and to hoar liim lioldiqg'oonvorsation with imngiuery noi'sons, nnywhuro, and ovorywliore, under ground, bohiud the door, perhaps, iu Mary Ann's pooket!, , or in ' AVUlinm'e boots. Thou wliat mum stmnira than .to sou ribbons turned into, lire, and firo'into ribbons; or more ou'rions than tlio wonderful feat of logoidemaiu, anil nrteriyards tlio inouiitiug-ii wire ropo with a wheelbarrow, blindfolded. Bat-tiicso are not all ; Arci'tolli will "walk a wire rope, uiul carry a mail 011. liis back and . porform ..his wonder ful feats- of strength. <Jn tlio ovoning he will introdnco IL'om Thumb's Ghost; and to wind up, lio will ntount tlio high rope amid blue lire, witli a lady 011 liis back. ' If this is not enough for 'monoy, wo ilon'b'knnw what is, and wo expect tlio Gardens 'will bu crowded during tlio day uhdiovoningnfiTii. <v Lkoaii. — AVo iiiro- informed that. a telegram whs . received . yesterday .from Judge Hirst, stating tliut .Tudgo Shopuard would go to Clermont as liis deputy for tlic "sittings of tho 30th instant. ' FnyiT. — AVo notico thnt Mr. J. - Hurt, fruiterer, East-Street, has received somo fiuo ample, s of nmnduriu oranges, and a splendid assortment of dossort apples, oto. , Mil. Fusteu'8 Deatii,- AVo cannot quito understand why -tho ovidenoe during tho course of tho inquiry 'upon tlio abovo ease .should net have been published as it pro ceeded. It was not conducted with closed doors ; it wns public, nnd that wliioli tlio few who wero present heard, wo hold, , should havo boon known by the public, gcnorally. No good enn possibly aviso from this att nipt at partial secrecy, nnd it is undoubtedly likely deal of'miscliicf to. tlioso liioiit intimately con- dcctcd with tlio deceased. Then-Jinny bo times when it is necessary to hold inquiries witli closed doors, and information bo withold, but there caii bo 110 fekkoii whntovor wlion tlioy aro hold with opon doors, that the daily results should not bpublishcd. Auka fou Aftxiso Licenses. — A nmnbor of forfeited tin selctitions, iutlio district of Durling Downs South, liavo boon set npart as nruas for mining lioonscs under tlio Mineral Lands Act, aud will be avnilnblo for claims under such licenses on and after Monday, June 8th. next. — Courier. 