THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MAR RIAGE. Tim following particulars of this event hrive been received in Melbourne via California:--The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Mario commenced at noon on the 823rd January, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the surrounding galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired ; the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds, The men were in uniform with the exception of the American diplomatist. After as sembling, a procession was formed with the grand equerries, chamberlains, and other officers of the court. Leading them came the Emperor and Empress, the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet, Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the Imperial fanmil y, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. 'lhe Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of ouirassiers, the Prince of Wales thie scarlet British uniform, the German Prince Imperial that of a Prussian colonel. All were decorated with the Russian order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The German Imperial Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess' dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur noted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian church, was received by the metro politan head of the Russian Church and. the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor con ducted the bride and bridogroom to the centre of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress, immediately -behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. Two crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair, Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial confessor then said-" Thou servant of God, Alfi'ed Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son and the I-Holy Ghost," Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the read ing was concluded, the marriage of Cana of Galileo was read. The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice round the raised dais, holding to the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed, and partaken of by the bridal pair; the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang "Glory to Theo, 0 Lord," con cluding with a benediction, This ended the Greek services. The procession then slowly re-formed, proceeding to the Htill of Alexander for the Anglican service, Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The wills were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnisation of the Grenk Church service wore a Protestant Episcopal doctor of divinity lihat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surplice, with a jewelled collar of' the Order of Bath around his neck, wns assistod by two resident English clergymen. Both the olmerican and the English consuls were gathered at the loft of the altar, Conspieuous among them was Governor Jewett, the American Minister ; Lord Loftus, the Enolish Minister, and diplomatic officials. Many 1inglish officers in full costume were also present. Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gortschakoff, surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Lpiscopal chants were given by Russian chorister lands, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked-betweoon her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then im pressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the fbrm enjoined in the Book of Common Prnyer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost bless, preserve, and help you," was specially touching. The services being concluded, Doean Stanley congratulated the newly-married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fairfaced ; the bride groom grave, self-possessed. The Princess of WVales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy-the image of hear mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During' tie ceremony in the English Chapel the Empress of -ulssin, being a confirmed invalid and fthtiguad, seemed overcome, and made a motiii of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place, nnd the effect was one of 'splendid fesiivity. 'The scene formed an extraordinary comn bination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendor, After the marriucre rites there was a banquet at the palace, and' subsequently n ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal couple were formnlly marched to the bridnl chamber, naccompanied by the Emperor and officers of tIe court. The festivities wore continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present;, 