? the manor-houseat MILFORD AND ITS SECRETS. CHAPTER X. (Continued.) {From Chambers's Journal.) if I tad a mind to be honest, I see, Fortune would.nbt suffer me, Emily Collop, when she heard Tom's account of the robbery of his money, bad felt a' shock of sadden fear and shame; and this was intensified, and «bcr suspicion deepened, when she saw i Skim entering the shop 1 , 1 'looking like a i gorgeous-plumaged jailbird, and carrying > bmself with an impudent blustering manner, as if he were the master of < every thing it contained. Would Skim behave thus in. her father's shop if he i d<d not feel that h£ had some hold upon shim ? There Wits no'one in the 6hop, 1 for the boy had gone on. an errand, and i the shopman had gone home to tea, and | Emily glided cautiously to the tsorn? of 1 the shpp^'the counting-house. - : ferere tog -a 'Crevioe 'hetwieen J the partitidn of the connting^houfife and the wall ot the EhopV-fend, 1 '' by "putting an fear-Ho-the wall;;-^^ing that'-was' saidwithin could! be distinctly heard. Emily had acquired ft knoWlidge of this when she was ^ girl, but she had made no use of it for many years, being far tocr'hoporably poinded a girl to pry into her father's concerns. In this case, however, i^e felt justified: She ''might be of saVing'b6& H6r father and Tom frbm the cbtiyeq'nerices of some cfuel; wicked deed. What she first heard, enlightened and relieved lifer mind a good deal. Her father had not intended to rob Tom Bap ley—that was evident. .He had stumbled npon the money in search for something else. But, at the same time, it was equally clear that they had got Tom's money, and no doubt, now that he had found , out the mistake, her father would insist | on Skim's disgorging his share of the ' plunder". The final result of the interview astounded her; They were not going to do justice to Tom. He was to be left to his fate, whilst'the two conspirators enjoyed, the fruits of their robbery. And this was her father! The moment was one of supreme and bitter anguish. Then file remembered that she, too, was a participator in the -crime. She carried about on her person a share of the ill. gotten plunder. •• On this one point her course was clear enough. She must at once get rid of lie guilty burden she carried, and in a fay that might lift the suspicion from Tom.- At the same time, her fath^s safety mtlst cot be jeopardised. She *ould do thiB now, at once, before her father had•> the chance of getting the Honey from her. She took ths bag of ; gold, and hastily Tapped it in & piece of brown paperirst parting inside a slip of paper, on "hich she .; had. written:— 44 Eestitur lion from the man who robbed Tom Kapley.'f, • , to (he Shetland-veil; -wbi&i; conSfiealWIief' -Tea. fores' completely, she set<"otftitor the Wice-o&ce.; " There was' no one 'fehout "tan fihe reached -th^ place, - and ehe Hade her way 'to the superintendent's jjffice unchallenged. ' That Was iempty, 0 j 0 - She left the paixsel tipon his desk, hnrried fcwayv ; When ṟ 'she reached || o aie, Bh0'Jfound 'that hm« father liad searching fo* hferevety Where, and faB very angiy: tit 1 her absence.; 'Emily,'he-'^wd, *I want' some of that money. Ten pounds or so. Give j it me.' ' I haven't got it, father,' she said, ' I have restored it to the rightful owner!' Collop turned quite livid with rage and fear. 4 What do you mean, girl ? Have you stolen it, you thief?' 4 It is not I who am the thief, father 1' cried Emily, confronting him with blazing eyes. Collop quailed under her glance. He sank into a chair, laid his head upon the table, and groaned. ' Then you have betrayed your father, girl ?' he muttered.' . No; I haven't betrayed you, father, said Emily; 4 and I won't! But you must tell me every thing; and every penny you have got of Tom's you must refund, and make that villain Skim, also.' I can't, I tell you, Emily. I had paid away a hundred and fifty pounds before I heard of that fool's ill-luck. I should have had the bailiffs in the house if I hadn't.' Emily burst into tears. 4 How could you, father ?' she sobbed. 4 Look here 1' cried Collop. 4 Emmy, if what I have on hand succeeds, I Bhall have abundance of money to pay Tom hack again, and reward him handsomely for what he may have suffered.' 4 0 wild, silly schemes 1' cried Emily; 4 digging for buried treasure that lias no existence except in the muddled .wits of a tipsy laborer. Father, has it come to this?' ' I tell you, Emqjy, it is not a wild or silly scheme. The man is right. The old woman had lots of ready-money 1 She was constantly' coming to' me for gold. Why, the very day before she died,. ehe carried,home in her chaise five hundred'pounds in gold. She always igot it through me, and I was glad to oblige .her, as it gave me some credit with my bankers to have the handling of so much money. No mention of that was made in her will. Why, I saw the schedule of her effects for probate, and excepting two pounds five in her purse at her death, there wasn't. a penny of ready-money. Now, where is it ?' 4 How is it possible to tell T 4 1 tell you, Emily, it's there somewhere 1 Why, the very last time I saw her—you know how fond she was -of picking out a text and expounding upon it. Well, she'd got hold of litis: "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth; " and there was a sort of tone about her when she said upon earth, that I felt sure she, was thinking how clever she was to have got round a text like that. Now, if she'd buried her money, don't you see it didn't apply— because it was under the earth I' 4 0 father, Aunt Betsy was never so silly as all that.' 4 You didn't know her as I did, child. When she was about business, she Was as keen a hand as ever you met; but get -her on spiritual matters, and she was wild enough. She thought that she'd found out that there was to be another deluge; and more than once 4 she's said to me : 4 James, don't you think that in the new world it will be better for those who have saved and laid by money ?" And I said to her: 41 You can't «arry your money with you."— 4 V No; <but, James," she said, 4 one might come back to it."—Oh 1 I knew she'd some scheme of the kind working in her mind.' 1 * But; father, granting that you' are right—even if there is money there—it doesn't belong to yon.' ' To me as much, nay, more than any one else. Di&n;'t shp always call ine her brother?' Didn't she promise me continuallythat if she wre removed first, she wpufd 'Jake' care that. I.slibiild be left cor^ortable? ' Wasn't it to please Her that I began,' first to neglect my I business a little, and take to mooning after those false prophets ? Didn't I work for her find for her schemes for years without ever getting a penny from her—paid with promises, lured on with fair words ? And 'now you tell me I have no claim upon this money, if I find it!' 1 1 don't think you have, father.' 4 Don't tell me J* 1 said Oollop. ' Why, for the last year I .'have kept that man Skim in my employ,' and he has spent night after night in/digging and delving; and just as we haVe.'got the'clue, and see success before SB, I au to hand the treasure over to Mr f^fewen, I Buppose!' 4 I didn't say that,'father.' 'I am to go to'Mr Frewen,' cried Collop, who had 'beiaij Working himself gradually into a pastfioii; *'andIam to say 4 to him: 4 Good Sir, you htive teen my enemy all my life'; "you have brought me to the threshold =of disgrace and destitution; you haVe, pr6yed upon my vitals, and drained fee of eveiy hardearned penny; and in ieturp for this, here's untold gold—gold I have found and kept for you : and 'now, serid me to the ^workhouse, or the, jail, good, kind sir!" ' . . t , 4 Father, you frighten me I' cried Emily. 4 I tell you, girl 1' he cried, almost foaming at the mouth, . <r Booner than this, I'd kill him ! yes j 'kill him I and you too, false girl, if you betray ine!' '•'-' . Nothing she had ever known of her father had prepared her'for Has ebullition of rage and passion. " 1 4 Don't threaten me, father,'.^jflaidi Bilently weeping; 4 donifcialkto me like that, and I'll be true^to^you through everything. I'm in the Same ship with you, and I eaij't help taking your part; only don't rob poor Tom!' Mr Frewen and the superintendent of police came back to Biscopham together at about nine that evening, the former in a very bad temper. They drove up to the police station,- and Frewen accompanied the superintendent into his office to see if anything had transpired about Tom. There was the package of money. The superintendent opened it, looked at the slip of paper, and handed it to Mr Frewen. 4 Eh 1 Brown, what does that mean cried the latter, looking sharply up from under his shaggy eyebrows. The police officer, meantime, had been carefully examining the brown paper in which the money had been wrapped. 4 It smells of fustian,' said the man, laughing. 4 What do you mean ?' 4 It .comes from Collop's shop; he was there to-day for an hour or two.' 4 But the money, the gold, that's right enough, it seems; why should they send back any of it ?' 4 You've frightened 'em, sir, by being so determined. And more can be got yet.' 4 Upon my word, I think you Me right,' cried Frewen: 4 we'll drive over to Milford once more, and surprise 'em. But we won't knock up either your horse or mine ; we'll send to the White Lion for a machine of some sort., The worthy host of the White Lion threw up his hands in amazement, when the order for the carriage came in. 4 Trap to go to Milford. Why, they're all going to Milford, There's a regular gathering of 'em over there. What's up, I wonder ?' CHAPTER XI. ' Who findsher, give her burying. f L d s s c T 6 h w Beside this treasure for a fee, The gods requite his charity. At the sound of the heayy tread coming up the foptpath, all the inmates of the little back-Kitchen turripd pale: Lizzie rose and opened the door that led Qp ;io their bedroom, and pointed to Tom to go. : 4 Get'into this bld housei' she whispered as W 'piissed her,' ' aiid I'll take care they don't follow you.' b p Tom went softly up stairs, and passe fl rom the bedroom into his little offioflu izzie followed him, and hung up s<lM6 resses over the cracks of the doot t hutting out every gleam of light: - Hjjp taid a long time in the dark whTgtl » •' onversation was going on down atainL hen Lizzie came up with a light mttd ; pened the. door. 4 It " was a policeman,' she etiid,- wanted to know whether you had-^oni v 4 ome. 4 4 No," eajB I. 4 And ; wiu4 as those voices ?" says he. - And Um Sailor steps out—he hadn't seen 'lriqt 4 4 What, ain't it allowed fir to talk to one another in. tins' free country without a bobby listening^* ' and then he got cross, and said hett; come in and see whether you was hetc. J 4 4 No," says I, 44 vou don't; not witfatat"' a warrant, s 4 ' say« I. 4 Oh, wel),"'1rf'' said, 44 he'd soon fetch that;" and awayhe goes. But they'll be here again,' sure enough. They're regular dinm \ upon you, Tom.' 4 It's a burning shame,' faid To®. 4 They won't help a poor fellow who's ' been robbed, and m^ke all sorts oE' game of him ; and they're regular slaves to Frewen, because he's one of the big; wigs. 1 It ain't justice, Iazzie.' 4 Well, Tom, -what we've got to do is ' to slip our necks out of the nooos. They'll be back again directly, Ton j and we must make up this door some- r how, so that it shan't look as if it wece a door at all. Look kerb, Tom; +<*»»- a couple of blankets. You should hwra the . bedi ; 'tob,. ; only that - would noticed.* 4 What ! ain't I to sleep' in my owm bed t said Tom, ruefully regarding (fee nuptial couch. - • 4 No, indeed, Tom ; you can't." Wm must make up the door, aod you moist be on the other side of it. Then take; the candle. No, goodness, Tom ; yoa mustn't have that. I forgot; it would c betray all.' What, stop here all in the dark? remonstrated Tom. Why, yes, old man. The least shine of a light through a chink outside would ruin everything. Now go, Tom—do directly, plea6e.' Well, if I was in prison,' muttered Tom, 4 1 should have a light, and a bed to sleep on, too, perhaps. If it wasn't for the name of the thing I'd be better' off there.' Lizzie shut the door upon his remoBetrances, and presently hammer and nails were at work on the other side closing up the door. 4 It's for all the world as if they were"' putting me in my coffin,' said Tom, with a shudder. Another last -word through a slit in the boards— 4 Tom, you mustn't stop there; they will hear you cough or sneeze, or walk on the boards. G» down into the kitchen.' With hands stretched out before him, blindly groping hiB way through' the thick darkness, Tom in fear and trembling felt his way along the passage iaa<l down the staircase of the deserted house. He knew the way well, bat once or twice he stumbled where m. board had sprung, or a lump of plaster had fallen from the ceiling; and stretafe-. ingout his hands to.save himself be" would shudder at the cold, clammy to\ich of the wall. How the stains creaked and groaned as he descended.! They (seemed to .shriek almost, as tfth^'' were giving warning of his whereabouts to people outside. He reached the kitchen at last, and stood in the midtife iof the floor, and wondered.what ha" should do next. He shuddered at tlie thought of lying dqwniere amongst all these,craifling, loathsome insects; yet; he couldn't stand up all night shivering shading. The- ni^ht^had turned) y^y.cold, there yr«j, a -h^rd frosfcj.jfc seemed he could see^bright star twidkling through' a crevice where the neir TnTwnrk in the window had settled SfouW notdo to have-alight cer- S The shine of it would be as discernible to any one outside, as the Simmer of the star to him witlin. . As soon as he became perfectly quiet, and the beating of the pulse in his ear iascd to. overpower all other sounds Sard a noise that made b,s flesh creep upon his bones.. The sound itself, indeed,was not'appalling-a comfortable, borne-like, domestic sound; it was the circumstances under wlneh he heard it that made it so terrific. Here, in this, deserted abandoned house, given over to solitude and silence for all these years—in this house, so hermetically closed and sealed against the outside wflrid, the clock was ticking loudly ! Xflink, clank, with a resonant, cavernous voice the old clock was agoing ; who, could have started it ? _ Torn shivered and shuddered, as in the presence of .some new indefinite peril. Who'could have set that clock agoing? In Aunt Betsy's time no hand but hers was ever permitted to touch that sacred clock At nine o'clock every Saturday night the clock .was woundup just .before Aunt Betsy.'went to .bed. Thisjwais Saturday night,, and just, after nine. Had Aunt Betsy arisen this cold winter's night, and come up to wind the clock? Tom fancied that something brushed past aim, that his hand touched something cold: he could, have shouted with terror; lie would have run, regardless of all risks, back to his. own room, but he felt chained and rooted to the spot. ' He felt with his foot around •him, not daring to stir from the place; and his foot came in contact with something that rattled as he struck it. was a box of lucifer-matches. It Tom didn't think of bow the matches got there, or of the danger of striking a. I light. Ho was only conscious, of an eager desire to dissipate the terrors thfit surrounded him. He picked' up the match-box, and struck a light. As the flame leaped into life, there was a gentle rustle and stir about him: beetles, cockroaches, crickets, made a general, stampede. If any other forms had lurked, ill'the darkness, they had softly _disappeared. The old clock, wh6se face was in strong contrast to the general dirt and griminess of the place, was placidly ticking away through it all. At hie feet there lay a piece of wax-candle, • There have been thieves here, the thieves who stole my money,' said Tom to himself. !' Surely, if the police saw this they would believe me ; but, then, there's nothing here but what I could have put myself, so I should be no better oil.' Then Tom became alive to the danger Lo incurred of discovery. He blew out his light, and began to ponder as to what he should do next. His meditations •were interrupted by a low noise of grating and grinding, that came from the direction of the hall- door, and Tom thought that he heard whispered cont h d versation as well. The sounds grew more and more distinct; clearly some persons were trying to get into the house from the outside. The police, no doubt, thought Tom ; they have caught sight of the light, and they mean to hem m« in on all sides. To retreat by the way he came, Tom saw, would be to put hi6 head in the lion's mouth. They had possession of the house by this time, no doubt, and his capture would only be a question of time. But there was one chance: the cellar that ran under the old part of the house, the entrance to which was from the inner corner of the kitchen, the door being close to the clock. Guided by the ticking of the clock, Tom made his way to the cellar door, which was unfastened. When Tom got to the bottom of the cellar-stairs he found himself in a warmer and softer atmosphere—anatmosphere strangely perfumed, too, with the fragrance of drugs and spices. There •was no damp or chilliness about these collars which had been made centuries ago. Warm in winter, and cool in Bummer, they had been splendid wine- •cellars in the olden days. Many a pipe •of good old port, many a cask of sherry and butt of generous Madeira, had been drained dry in that famous cellar in days long gone by. The sounds from the hall-door had ceased. Tom began to think that he had been deceived, and that the noise he had heard had simply been the wind, that was now beginning to rise, and sough mournfully around. But he had much bettered his position, as be would be far warmer and more comfortable down here than in that v denial kitchen. Everything was quiet above, and he thought he might venture Ito strike a light, that he inight reconnoitre his position, and make himself snug for the night, for he began to feel inkupportably weary. The one window in the cellar opened into the garden, and was so overgrown outside with rank vegetation that there was no danger of his light being seen, even if it had not been properly blocked up. The candle lighted,: Tom looked around him. The cellar seemed altogether clean and bare, just as he remembered it of old. A ledge or table ran all round it, topped with a stone slab, which had formerly held dishes and pans. There was the old caskstand in one corner; and in the other there was something iiew and strange —something that struck Tom with an instinctive- terror and dread. In form and'general, appearance this was like a sentry-box, and of,the same height and size; but it; was shaped at the ends so as also to • resemble a boat set on end. Hound'.' the edge was a broad border of corfe'painted black, so that, if a boat at all, 'it must be a lifeboat. 'It was inclosed in front with a lid door or deck .of polished oak. At the top'-of this was. a narrow grating of brass ,or',"gilt metal.;, A small brass knob, halfway, down, .indicated that ere wast1;e wav pi . opening the lid or Something Titled to this knob by a piece of Wing,', in appearance and reality a letter. Cariosity outmastered fear. Tom advanced and snatched the letter fronvjhe knob.' It was in Aunt Betsy's handwriting, sealed with her great gold seal, and addressed siuiply to ' My Successor." Tom opened the letter full of strange awe. ' Yes, it was from Aunt Betsy—a posthumous message from his. aunt :— When you, young sir, open this—if you ever, do open it, as I hope and sincerely trust you never may—all my hopes will have come to an end, and you may smile at the. folly of an old woman' who lias trusted to lying promises. Laugh yourself, if you will, but do not let any one else laugh. ', To you, at all events, I haVe proved®, boneEafctor. Respect my memory and mywishes. My wishes are : tliat this house be pulled .down, and every trace of it .. destroyed; . ' - 1 that iV 'i my poor .body IvA/lvr be ^O put nnf in a coffin, with : quicklime, and buried quietly in the churchyard of Milford, with a marble monument, and the figure of a shipwreck over it, and that the epitaph upon it shall be: 'Here lifes poor Betsy lleimel. She was born before her time, lived after her prime, and lies here in lime.' To pay these expenses, and to reward you for executing my wishes, I will give you this rhyme :— UndemeatU the thyme and mint, the marjoram and the rue, . Dig deep, and you shall find a herb that a safe to pleasure you. If you can't understand this; you are a fool, and may lose your thousands. BETSY KENNEL, < Well, I am a fool, then,' cried Tom, ' for I don't understand a siogle word of it all. Then this is waiting for the young squire that is to be. And what's inside here, I wonder % Fancy Aunt Betsy writing that kind of stuft! Why, she ought to have been in Bedlam; an old'— Here Tom paused, and his tongue cleaved to the roof of his mouth, for the lid of the box had swung slowly open, and there was old Aunt Betsy standing right before him. He gave a wild cry of horror and despair, and sank helpless and senseless on the floor. CHAI?TER xn. Are you drawn forth among a world To slay the innocent? of men. It is a cold winter's night; the stars are sparkling frostily overhead; the thin pale crescent of the moon has just disappeared behind that dark clump of firs; here and there a light shines in a cottage window, but for the most part the village is abandoned to darkness and repose. A silence that may be felt broods over the scene, only disturbed, as you stand here on the bridge, by the feeble brattle of the stream. A thin white vapor rises from its course, through which you may see the reflected gleam of a star in that still reach. Faintly round about are the shadows of hills, hardly to bo distinguished from the sky. There is a light in the belfry, tower; the ringers are up there,.about to wake the bells into music. Now the pound of wheels breaks into the stillness that was almost oppressive, and a dogcart without lamps, driven by a tall thin man, another stouter burlier man sitting beside him, rattles over the bridge, and turns sharp roHnd to the right towards the village of Milford. They pass through the village, and drive on till they come to the row of cottages tenanted by Sailor;and Skim. Here one of them dismounts, and enters the cottage—it is Skim ; and he comes out, carrying a lantern in one hand, a mattock and a pick in the other. He leads the horse past the cottages, and opens a field-gate. There is a rough sort of cart-shed here, and beneath this the horse is tied up. Then the two men make their way rapidly on foot towards the manor-liouse. They both wear goloshes, and move silently along like ghosts. Whilst they were yet a little distance from the house, Skim, who was slightly in advance, turned round suddenly, and clutched in terror the arm of his companion. 'I see a light,' be whispered hoarsely —'a light shining through the brickwork. She's about to night, she is. What shall, we do'?' • Collop's teeth chattered in his head, but he affected to be unconcerned. _ ' What! you afraid Skim? ' Why, you used to be as bold as a Ron.' < Ah, but I've had a couplfe of years of it since then,' cried Skim. ; * I tell you I hear her keys jingling' lots of times;, and when I hear the.door of iier box creak, I am out of -my mind with'tevror,' / i ' It's only .your fancy, Skim 1 . She s safe enough in, and don't walk iabout at bights.' , «Teli you "she do,'cried Skim, 'and this is .one ot her nights.,, O master ! let's go back:®" ' ' . 1 • ' Go on, you fool. Why, if fifty old women, alive or dead, were in tbewsay, I'd go on now.' Suspense and disappointment, which had made Skith^a coward, had made Collop bold. They made their way into the barn, and pulled up the boards in the corner, and crawled ' on hands and knees into the subterranean passage that led into, Milford Manor. Collop went first, and was alarmed at thS"fclmk of. iron behind him. ' What's that, Skim V he whis pered. . * It's, only me, sir, looking up the old grating with a chain antl ppfllpck, We'll have ilo follbwers to-ni^ht, master.' •' • The passage came out under the cel. lar stairs in an arched recess that held a set of wooden shelves. These swung back, and admitted the treasure-seekers into the haunted house. They made their way directly into the kitchen, and Skim silently examined the place with his lantern. What's that? cried Collop, seizing him by the arm. 'Why, the clock's going!' ' Ah,' said Sbim, ' I set him agoing, didn't like the look of her standing always at one o'clock.' So saying, he threw off his smock and waistcoat, and set vigorously to work. He removed the bricks from the middle of the kitchen, and began to dig out a hole. Collop helped by removing the dirt as fast as it was thrown out. The earth had evidently been previously dis turbed, and this gave them encouragement to persevere, and presently Skim's mattock struck with a harsh, ringipg sound against some metallic substance. < We've got him!' cried Skim, jumping out of the hole in great glep. ' It's an iron chest, old man, and full of money.' Sure enough, as they cleared away the loose earth, the lid of a stout iron chest Was revealed to them. There was a handle at the top, as if to lift it Skim seized the handle, and tried to draw up the box, but it resisted all his efforts. Then he put a rope through it, and Collop and he hauled away with their united strength, but they could not make it stir an inch. ' What's to be done now ?' cried Skim, looking ruefully at Collop. ' Can't you get the lid open?' ' I doubt it. .We must get the box up first. We ain't got nothing strong enough to burst that open. Stop a bit; there's a hop-pitcher in the house somewhere, it I can think where it's put.' A hop-pitcher is a heavy bar of iron, with a broad-pointed end, used by hopgrowers for pitching or drilling holes in the ground about the hop-plants, {3 the poles on which the vines are traine] to be inserted. It forms a very likell instrument for 'such a purpose Skim's. 11 remember now, cried Skim, put it down in the cellar. Come will me down" there, -won't you ? Tin afraij to go alone.* - t The two men cautiously descended the steps into the cellar, holding eacl other by the arms, and flashing th] lamp in front of them. " ' Don't it snjell,' cried Skim, «lit e ( doctor's shop?. Poh! it.makes me fej quite queer and giddy.' Here Skill gave vent to something between 1 shriek and a shout, dropped the la? tern upon the steps,' and fled up tH cellar stairs. ' It's the old lady i fti old Mother Kennel ! She's cotnil out*i' c" , 'r. ... Collop waB as- much : -frightened ( Skim; but he had more self-contrc and he had more at stake. He snatcbt up the lantern, and advanced into tl cellar. Yes, there stood Aunt Betsy i jthe end, in her. habjfc as she lived—tl] black poke bonnet; the brown Frenc merino dress;' the silk -jacket, wit fringe on; the black kid gloves, wit swollen knuckles and finger-joints. ' My good old friend,' faltered Collo; —and then he saw his mistake. Th head was lolling forward from out th poke bonnet; the chin had fallen; was only a mummy after .all—a pooi jdried husk ^fjbufjapnity. . ^ ! - There was spmething else in the cell lar which pojiop.had not before noticed iStretched ,-pu^ in front of [his aunt's las resting-place, was ..Tom ...Rapley, win ha,d been in a dead faint, but who now ias Collop watched him,; showed symj: toms of reviving animation • j • < ' Skim !' cried Collop, who was noy master of himself, 'come ;ctawn, I te you. The old woman's still and -sal enough^ I've shut her up now.' H suited the actipn. to thp, word, an 'closed the door - upon the body,,. I closed jW^th a catch; and s a ipiwe c string that was wound round-the knol] had probably . been the. mean's, wfre leasing the catch ,when' Tom jsn^tchei the letter.away, .1 . ~ • , ' Skim, come • down j here'sTon Rapley down here.' , [.;,. ••': Skim -came ^do^. ^e.^teira,. hal ashamed of his terror, h^-ov^rpp^erj by it,' But when he saw Tom Baple his .countenance assumed an expressio of malignant (ferocity, i ' I shall do for this man,' he sai( ' I'll not have,him comiug ;in my wa any longer.' • • Don't harm him,' oried Collop, 'Rt ! member thou shalt do no murdei Tom here began to move. He raise himself on one elbow, rubbed his ey< with his disengaged hand. ' Whal Mr Collop," he cried. 'Skim!' 'You see, whispered Skim, 'he knoi us. He'll tell upon us. Pop him ! the well afore he gets his strengj back.' The well was at the;foot of the eel stairs, you will remembBr, its mod covered by the stone; slab—the well, j indefinite depth, and of icy coldne' Skim ran and hastily pulled off * stone covering. A few pebbles _ lodged fell in, and presently splaslij in the water far below with a faint bj low sound Tom was now rising to his feet, wildered. Skim rushed upon him, > hurled him down. Rapley read fate in a moment from Skim'a face, was to be murdered—to be flung aU into the well. «You take his W .master; I'll take his head,' cried to Collop. i Toni lay there quiet, like one del but the moment that Skim laid hoi« his shoulders to drag him along, jie| gan to shriek piteously. * Help, he cried. ' -Lizzie ! help, help! 1 'Hold that noise,' cried - furiouslv, striking him rover the n< with the loaded sticR be C9X „ rnt neath his^ckeb,, Tpm gave * gW thcnauilfiUl... Tve^eitnol said Skim in a low, husky whisp ' All we can do after.this is.to hide Take hold of,the legs-j-do you hear t Collop obeyed mechanically-, » " all happened ia a moment; and now was blind with agitation, sick at heft and only halficonscious pf what he doing. Then he saw'a bUokchasm °p out under Mb feet, and,that: Sfem Wj motioning to him to iet.go, ; - \- • I won't, I won't 1' -cried polf9P« tron't let him go. Skim, you are a murderer!' At that moment they both started back in horror, for a voice was Bounding shrilly through the house.' Where's Tom ? Where's my Tom ? O Tom, Tom, speak to me 1' 'Here's his wife,' cried Skim. 'Down with him ; down into the water; and lier after him, if she will have it.' ' Skim, I -won't; I wash my hands of it.' ' Tom, Tom ! speak to me, Tom, for the love of Heaven !' repeated the frantic voice above. Still no answer. 'You won't let go—you won't!' cried Skim. 'Let go, I tell you, let go.' There was a moment's struggle, then a heavy, thunderous roar, and a dull, heavy, splash, reverberating hollowly from the sides of the well; then the quick wash of circling ripples beating against the brick-work, after that silence. * Tom!' cried the voice, yet more piteously and despairingly. Still no answer. , ,. {To be Ctyitirwd.) 