THE STORY-TELLER. THE MANAGING MOTHER. (From Bow Bells.) "Coming to visit us!" cried Mrs. Brewster, in accents of tragic despair, as she elevated her two hands in the air and rolled her eyes heavenward. " Coming to visit us !" echoed Miranda, her daughter. " Mamma, never !" "Read the letter for yourself," said Mrs. Brewster. And Miranda, taking the epistle gingerly between her finger and thumb, read:— " Dear Cousin— " Business bringing me to New York about the middle of June, I shall visit you, if agreeable, at that time. Truly yours, "H. Stokington." "The horrid old nuisance !" she cried, as she dropped the note. "Mamma, what are we to do ? Aunt Elgin says he's intolerable. He wears a ginger-coloured suit, with patches on the elbow; talks through his nose; reads Blair's sermons aloud in the evening, and insists on com ing in to see every one that calls, and telling 'em what miserable sinnera they are." " He's only a second cousin, after all," said Mrs. Brewster musingly—" on your papa's side." "And has nothing to leave us," added Miss Miranda. " I don't see why we are to victimise ourBelveB on his account. Mamma, it does seem to me as if we were tormented to death with poor relations. There's Patty now—papa's sister's step daughter—she's been here a month, and she don't even try to get a place as go verness." " She has advertised." "Yes, mamma, I know, but nobody answers her advertisements. Why don't she go to an Educational Bureau, or apply to some Board of Trustees, or some thing ? It's my opinion she would rather live here and do nothing, than to earn her ; bread." " Miranda, look here!" cried Mrs. Brewster, her face lighted up with a sud den inspiration. " We never received this letter." " Eh, mamma ?" "We never got it, I tell you," said Mrs. Brewster impatiently, as she tore it in pieces and threw the slips into the scrap basket. " We'll Btart for Newport to-morrow, you and I. Aunt Elgin can easily secure rooms for us if we telegraph at once ; and Patty shall stay and keep house—it's all she's good for." " Shall you tell her that Cousin Ha bakkuk " " And betray my whole scheme ? That's so likely, isn't it 1 No, no—we are not responsible for the company that arrives during our absence. Patty will make as good an audience as anybody for Cousin Habakkuk's sermons and lectures, and she can do the housework too. I'll take Jane with me for a maid, and so the mat ter will be nicely arranged." Miranda jumped up and clapped her hands. " Mamma," she cried, " what a man ager you are ! You ought to have been a man, and Minister Plenipotentiary to some court or other. You would have made a splendid diplomatist. "Never mind that just now," said Mrs. Brewster Bharply. " Let us see about packing our trunks." # # * * * " What fnn !" cried little Patty Brew ster, tiptoeing about the big, empty drawing-room, and peeping slyly into the depths of the great mirrors above the mantel, where her plump face was re flected, with all its ringlets and dimples, and varying shades of rose and pearl. " And I think I've got it all to myself! I'm all alone in this great house, with the crickets, and the shadows, and the winking gas-lights in the streets. I'm glad there are no ghosts in New York. I declare, it makes one feel like a grown-up young lady in good earnest!" And to carry out the delusion, Patty scampered up-stairs and dressed herself in one of her cousin's blue silk dresses, with a floating scarf, a grenadine over skirt, and a knot of artificial blue violets in her hair. " Now I'm Miranda," said she, uncon sciously imitating, before the glass, Miss Brewster's drawing-room airs and graces. " Oh, how nice it must be to be a fashion able young lady!" And Patty went down stairs to sit in the balcony and watch the passers-by, half-frightened at her own temerity in " playing Miranda," half delighted at the novelty of her situation. " Miss Brewster ?" It was a tall, slender young man, very handsome, with dark eyes and hair, and dressed with excellent taste, who came up the steps, carrying a portmanteau, and paused half-way at the blue silk appari tion which glimmered on the balcony in the twilight. "Yes," faltered Patty ; adding to her self, " It's the gasman, I suppose, or the taxes, or something." " I am so glad," said he frankly, reach ing his hand over towards her. "I am your cousin Stokington." " Are you ?" said Patty, wondering who on earth he might be. " Will you please walk in?" " I suppose your mother is at home ?" he kindly asked. " No, sir, she isn't," said Patty. " No ? Then perhaps you did not re ceive my letter ?" "I have seen no letter," said Patty. " But there's some mistake, I dare say. Please to walk in. I am not Miranda. I'm only Patty, and they're all away from home. But I dare say I can cook you some supper." Mr. Stokington, not Cousin Habakkuk at all, but Mr. Hartley Stokington, quite a different personage, stood a minute pondering. Evidently there was some misunderstanding. " I'm a capital cook myself," said he, suddenly rousing himself from his reverie. " I have broiled trout on. the banks of the Thames; and picnicked on the shores of the Nile, on dishes that ■ would make your hair stand on end. I'll help you. Miss Patty," " But," hesitated Patty, remembering ' sundry lectures delivered to her at vari ous times by Miss Brewster, "would it be —would it be quite—proper ?" " Why not ?" " I'm sure I don't know," said Patty, dropping her long lashes, and colouring a pale pink, like a sweet-pea flower.' " Neither do I," said Mr. Stokington. " So come on." ***** " Hartley Stokington's name on the hotel register!" said Miss Miranda Brew ster. " Mamma, if that isn't the luckiest combination of circumstances. Why, he's a millionaire, and just returned from the East. Let us send up our cards at once. We are the nearest relatives he has, and-r—" "Yes, yes," said Aunt Elgin, nodding her heatj.—she was a little dried-up old lady, who had rather a genius for mak ing herself disagreeable—"it's all very delightful, but you'd better hear me'to the end. I saw the entry myself: Har-: tley Stokington—and wife!" "And wife ?" echoed Mrs. Brewster. " And wife !" almost shrieked Miss Miranda, overwhelmed, figuratively speak ing, with the ruins of her Alnascher tem ple of fancy. At the same moment the door swung open and a grinning mulatto waiter an nounced :— " Mr. and Mrs. Stokington." Little Patty Brewster, in dove-coloured silk, and orange buds in her hat, ran into Mrs. Brewster's arms. "Oh, Aunt Caroline, I am so obliged to you ! It never would have happened if you hadn't gone away and left me to keep house. And I know I'm not half good enough for Hartley; but he loves me ; and—and, oh ! I am so happy 1" And Mrs. Brewster, swallowing down a huge lump in her throat, was obliged to gasp out her unwilling congratulations. She left Newport the next day for home, and just three days afterwards Cousin Habakkuk came, ginger-coloured suit, tin bathing-tub, tracts, drugs and all, to spend a month. " Dear, dear!" sighed Mrs. Brewster ; " why couldn't I "have stayed at home be fore, and left Providence to manage mat ters for me V' 