I NEWS OF THE DAT. S lilr. Francis lias so far recovered from his tL neriotis indisposition as to bo able to ELfo at a meeting of tho Cabinet lield StcrJav, at the Treasury. 1 1 is expected Ei ta will be able to attend tbo sitting of Bi Assembly on Tuesday next, at least in Early part of tlio mooting. Ut the Cabinet meeting held yesterday, it g£ decided that tho Treasurer should dc- his financial statement on next Tues- l&wtck.; 1 1 would have been submitted iSh'nc the ensuing week bnt that it was Joined desirablo not to interfere with the Jjcuesfon npon the Constitution Ainend- tfot Bill, apart from which there was the Kblc contingency of the Chief Secretary p,g onnble so "soon to endure the fatigue of |ftn:tlicned sitting. ijonio apprehension appears to prevail rela jfetotlie mode of procedure adopted in the Ht; of the prerogative of mercy being oxer- Ed by tho Governors of colonies. In Ether column will bo found a despatch En the Agent-General in reply to a com- E.ation forwarded by the Victorian Go- Einriit Oil the question. It appears that E system pursued by the Government of Efe colony for some timo is identical with adopted by tho Imperial authorities, and fil; inaugurated by the present Attorney- Ijber.d. The powerof remitting the sentences Sftrisoncvs who have undergone two years Snheir term of imprisonment remains in this colony as well as in that of New iffitli Wales, as will he seen by a reference ifthe SISth section of tho Criminal Law and Eikto Statute. A contemporary yester- Ba ;u commenting upon Gardiner's release IHSk Governor of New South Wales, would (jjjpi its renders to infer that this power, llraoorieinaUy under the 11th Vic., chap. Ruhidh'cen abrogated in this colony, but linen is not the fact. lafjfcr Everard, the hon. member for Col- Bjiutrooil, yesterday placed the resignation jprjis scat in the Assembly in tlie hands of EEfSpe.'J'er. As will be seen elsewhere in- Er columns, 3Ir. Everard has been obliged Bake tin's step owing to monetary difficul- Em The seat which has been vacated by Be Fverard will be contested by several Ejpirkt.'s. Messrs, Langridge, Delbridge, Ears and M'Kcan are already in tbo B3, sad a requisition will probably be pre- Bed to Mr. Cock, in which case ho will Kin come forward. The opinions of Messrs. Bgridgc, Delbridge, Minims and Cock are Hp-known to the electors, as they were all hroessfiil candidates at the last general Htion. Mr. M'Kean, who lor some years Kcsentcd Maryborough in the Assembly, «s President of tho Board of Land Works in the Macphorson Ministry, lias to make the electors acquainted with his h- on the political questions that are now qiying public attention. BVe learn tlmt tho Government have not B determined upon supporting any of the Bdilatcs ia the field for tlie vacancy in B representation of Gronville in the Erably, Tho Ballarat Courier writes : — |,: stated that Mr. Fisken, president of Kb'iminyongShiro Council, intends standing pjStlrcm'iiir, auct that his chance of being lElnied is regarded by many as a certainty. Haident of Buninyoung is also likely to Be forward ior the vacant seat, but his Be is uot publicly mentioned at present. Bs reported at Scaradale that Sir John Missy is to be invited to stand." fonytiiesdalo correspondent of the Star the followiug " Tho friends of Mr. it. o:k, J.P., are anxious to see that gen- sa come forward as a candidate, and think that, in view of the all but sue- ill position lie attained on tlie poll at hit election, lie should now be allowed Lover. They see but little reason, how- , to think that Mr. Lock will escape cut at least having to contest the seat I -ome Government nominee or other." Post of last night says that "the fol- ng are spoken of as likely to stand : — irs. 1'. Hodriek, William Price, James k, II. II. Look, William Luplau, J. B. ulfray, and Sir John O'Shanassy. If srs. Hedrick and Lock consent to stand, real contest will, we believe, be between a two gentlemen, who are well known II puts of tho district. We may state 1 requisition has been, or is about to be, i tc Sir John O'Shanassy, asking hint to w himself tn bo nominated, but we got think he has the ghost of a eliance hei g returned against cither of the irtwo,1' m eling of ratepayers of Hotlinm in irof property owners playing half tho of piling was held last evening in tho eria Hall, I.eveson-stroet. The meeting heea tilled by circular, addressed to ihitrases only- as were known to bo in r 0: ttie course indicated, the experience he gathering 011 tho previous Monday tug having shown that in no other way 11 thoso woo were opposed to tlie move- t iie cwluded. Air. A. Neville was 1 to the chair, and he read tho circular d, which stated tho business iu- cd to he discussed, A letter was from Mr. Edtvavd Talbot, express- u concurrence with the object proposed, also forwarding a contribution towards Mrs. The proceedings were of a proli- ry character, as time had not permitted use of circulars to all. The matters Med were therefore all freely discussed. :e motion of Mr. Hardess, seconded by Hughes, it was resolved, "That the declare itself iu favor of propcrty- u j aying one-half tho cost of laying flag- tr pavement in front of their properties." J further resolved, on the motion of Mr. a, seconded by Mr. Hardess: "That Meting resolve itself into a Hotham ayers' Association, with power to add nt number, to carry out the principle » so." Mr. John Laurens, J. P., a history of tho paving dispute, 1 has been so frequently brought p the public. He also stated that tho Je.e given by ex-Cr. Barwise, before he pea his seat in the council and left for w\?M 'u 'avor 1 collecting the one s' 'st of paving then laid down. M the more to the credit of Mr. K!£ '' he was a large property whero the footpaths had been K , "S'igcd. Mr. Laurens then i„i -of a circular address, pro- t e Pneted and circulated through Hn v -i, n0"lcr address, prepared by K was also read. It was then » ' a subcommittee f sovenbe BSirr,; P,eP»re a circular address to i iraw up rules for E 10u, ( 'he Hotham Batcpayers' E.,, .report to a subsequent the Association." Messrs. Cross, iln'ih, Hardess, Neville, K '"t® appointed the sub-com- 1 ' 1 -Scvi"e was appointed »Slhunendjo7n,eL ' 1 trel3U"r- The totel"!! 1)0 w1 tWs Port has been Ki.i,,' , not such an extent as the trd:Tv Vo r .t1 an(d -debn Kerr. Bllow-'n ; r 1 |. a11 arrivcd, and gave Beth of m1' At five p.m. on Ber and <>r V 111 tl10 v'cinity of the Bl " ,;vcst' a'iw a vessel in tho dis- BtohcranLtota!.ly tdismusted ; bore BchW.V un?d 11 t0 be the Aber- Lonilnn ? JaW' (-'aPtain Phillips, t0„m. j®' to Melbourne. Her 1' 1 Jibboom were gone, and Banec wn M St\r bst'ging to the vessel. B Canfob, ?n rreJ' but politely re- But 1 hiHips reported that tho Bht-vyTuail tbe P'evious night B" her cows"' 400 Ual1 tUen Mr" Yh!teman. M-L A.f years are induced to contract habits of gam bling by the existence of these institutions. It may be mentioned that in Hong Kong, where the lottery business is carried on to a very large extent, no one under fourteen .years of is, by law, allowed to put tickets into, tho banks.) A case of some importance to tho Ballarat mining community will come boforo the law courts shortly, the plaintiff being Mr. Learmonth and tho defendant Air. Bailey, formerly his mining manager at Egerton. The mine was tho property of Mr. Learmonth, bnt tho yields from the quartz raised fell away suddenly from very rich to miserably poor, so rumor says, and Mr. Learmonth was induced to sell. Soon after the sale tho largo yields per ton re turned, and it is alleged that tho means nsed to induce tho original proprietor to sell wereanything but commendable. Application was made this week to Mr. Justice Moles- worth, in Chambers, to order an inspection of the mine, hut the grounds for the appli cation were so vagne that it was dismissod, with costs. The stationmnstors on the Government Railway linos are, for the future, to appear in uniform when on duty. The coat is of blue cloth edged with gold, and the cap is laced with gold, with the letters V.K., sur mounted by a crown, over the peak. A case of more than usual interest to shop keepers was heard iu the County Court yes terday, before his Honor Judge Rogers. Miss Emily Harriet Emerson, a governess employed at ICew. was tlie plaintiff, and tho defendant Mr. Saml. Woods, draper, of Collins- street east. The action was' to re- cover £19 12s. Gd., money had and re- ccived, and due to the plaintiff, wlio wa3 in Melbourne on the 27th May last, and re. ccived payment of something over £20, in one £2l)-uote and three or four £1 notes. Miss Emerson intended to deposit tlie £20- note'in the Savings' Bank, but found that institution closed. She then called at the defendant's shop, and made purchases to the amount of 7s. Gd., paying for tlie same with a note. On reaching homo she found, to lier no small dismay, that sho had given the £20. note for a £1-note, but had only re- ccived 12s. Gd. change. She bad made 110 other purchases, and therefore was sure tlie mistako had been made nt Mr. Woods's shop. Next day she came into town, called on the defendant, and explained what had taken place, but could not induce tho de fendant to believe that the mistako bad been made by his juvenile cashier or his shopman. His Honor suggested a compromise of the matter between the parties, plaintiff taking £10, as there had evidently been negligence on both sides. Tho plaintiff consented, but defendant declined to fall iu with the sug gestion, and his Honor gave a verdict for plaintiff for the amount claimed, with seven guineas costs. Mr. G. I\ Smith appeared for the plaintiff, aud Air. Quinlan for defen dant. The distribution of prizes to tho successful studeuts competing at the exhibition of drawings held in the aDnexe attached to the Public Library will take place to-day. His Excellency, who was expected to preside on the occasion and present the prizes, lias inti mated that, owing to tho pressure of public business, lio will be unable to attend. His Honor Judge Bindon, will, it is stated, pre side. The Emcrald-hill Town Council have evidently not lost sight of the neces sity of centralising all the public offices of the town. A deputation, consisting of the Alayor aud councillors, accompanied by the tow clerk, waited upon the Minister of Education yesterday in reference to that vejata rjuestio, tho site for tlie Central State School, con cerning which tliero has been so much written and said. After a lengthened disoussion, the hon. Mr. Alackay agreed to an arrangement whioh met with the approval of the deputation. The Attorney-General afterwards met the deputation, and pro mised to accede to their wishes in the matter ef tho erection of police, post office, telegraph, savings hank, Sc., in order to provide more adequately for the growing requirements of this improving Buburb. Miss Frances Hodgson, of Fitzroy, who has bocome famous because of her many law suits, hnd hor estate oompulsorily seques trated yesterday, by order of Air. Justice Moleaworth. The petitioning creditor was Mr. F. W. Jones, who liad obtained a writ of Ji. fa. to enforce payment of his claim, amounting to £000. The sheriff s officer, aftor a long Bcarcb, met Miao Hodgson in Collins- street, and asked her to pay up, but sho intimated that it was not usual for per sons to carry £600 about with them in the streets, but otforod her cheque. This of courso was declinod, and then Miss Hodgson undertook to pay if the officer would call at her solicitor's in half an hour. This he de clined to do, and the writ was returned un satisfied. The question arose as to whether there had been a sufficient demand by the slierilf's officer. Bis Honor, after a careful cviow of the facts, came to the conclusion that there had been a proper demand, and mado the rule absolute for compulsory se questration. A preliminary meeting of some of the em ployes of the Dredging branch of tho Public Works department was held last evening, on board the steam dredge Wombat, with a view to initiato a widows and orphans' fund, for tlie relief of tho wives and families of thoso men who might die, from accident or otherwise, whilst employed in the depart ment. It was unanimously agreed that some steps should he taken with a view to carrying out tlie project, and the following resolution was carried, viz. : — "That a meeting of all the employes of the dredging operations be convened at tho Oddfellows' Hall, Williamstown, on Saturday next, the ISth inst,, to take the matter into conside ration." This action has been taken in con- sequonco of the death of one of the men em ployed by tbo department from drowning, and who has left a wife and yonug family totally unprovided for, and tho only way in which suoh cases are now met is by tlie precarious voluntary subscriptions of the men. An inquest was held by Dr. Youl on Friday, at the Victoria Barracks, 1 on tho body of John Alfred Dagwell, a gunner in the Garrison Artillery, who was killed by jumping out of a window while in hospital at the Barracks on tlie morning of tho 9th inst. The medical evidence was not at all satisfactory, ns, based 011 it, the jury returned a verdict that tlie deceased threw himself out of the window of tlie passage adjoining the hospital, while suffering from delirium tremens, whereas it was universally believed that Dagwell was a man of sober habits. Tlie deceased's |comradcs were much as tonished at the verdict. In his trunk was found a sum of money amounting to nearly £G, which he had saved out of his allowance of 2s. per day. The men are murmuring for some inquiry to be instituted relative to the medical treatment they re ceive at the barracks. Tho Hospital Sunday for the current year W'll he held on the 27tli September, and we learn that active steps are being taken t secure the completeness of the arrangements. Cordial replies are being received from ministers and gentlemen connected with the Various places of worship. In connection with the action which has been taken to es tablish a Victorian Hospital Sunday, we aro informed that the following boroughs will take part in the movement : — ltaywoud, Amherst, Newtown and C'hilwell, Dunolly, Hamilton, South Bnrwon, Chewton and AVarrnnmbool. Sandhurst and Geelong took part in it last yeir, and are engaged in arrangements for tlie present season. The result of the last Hospital Saturday was so satisfactory that the Melbourne committee will take steps to bring the claims of tlie charities more generally under tho notice of the employes in factories. Nearly £-100 was contributed by them in small sums last year, and it is confidently expected that this will bo more than doubled on Saturday, the 20th September, which is the day fixed for the oolleotion. On Thursday afternoon four families iu the oity were thrown into a great state of con sternation and alarm at the disappearance of a boy belonging to each of the family circles. Tlie four boys, named respectively Goorgo Hopo, the son of Air. Hope, glass im porter, of Collins-street ; John Champion, tlie son of tne proprietor of Champion's Hotel, Swanston-street ; Charles Byrne, the son of the keeper of the Town Hall, and Peter Griffiths, son of the station-master at the Atelboume and Hobson's Bay Railway station, all attended St. Paul's State school, Swanston-street. After school hours, at four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, the children left the school, but did not go home, and as they were not in for tea at six o'clock their parents became anxious about them. A vigorous search was instituted, but not the slightest tidings could be gleaned about them, beyond the fact that they had left school at four o'clock. The parents caused the parks and gardens around the city to be scoured, tho suburbs to be communicated with, inquiries to be instituted among the boatmen plying on the Yarro, aud every spot where children would most likely be attracted co be visited in quest of them. Tlie search continued throughout the greater part of the niglit, and was resumed again at day light. They wcro at last discovered in a most unlikely place. Ono of tho at tendants at the 1 own Hall had occasion to go down into tlie basement story of tho building, when liis attention was attracted by hearing some cries, lie proceeded iu the direction whero the noise came from, and. opening the door of an unused room, ho found tne four missing hoys. Byrne, it seems, took bis three companions with him to the Town Hall to find some pigeons which havo been building tbeir nests in some of tlie re- cesses of the basement, lie opened tho door of tho room in which the children were found, and slammed it after liiiu. The spring bolt shot back, niul when they re- turned to go out again they could not open it. They passed the night in the room, and, but for an accident, would in all probability not have boon disoovercd for two or three days longer. A case that should act as a caution to that numerous class of people who take delight in Yankeo grab came before their Honors, sit- ting in Bauco, yesterday. It was an appeal from tlie decision of the judge of the Aiel- bourno County Court, iu the suit of Alelvillo v. Pendreigh. Iu the court below the action was brought by John Alelville, a brewers' traveller, resident at Carlton, to recover £10, lio alleging that ho had been wrongfully de prived of a cheque for that amount by Adam Pendreigh, keeper of tho Carlton Club Hotel. The case was heard 011 tlie 12th Alay last, and Alelcille's statement showed that I10 wns at tho Carlton Club Hotel on 7tli March last, aftor the races, and thoro met Dugald Cameron nnd several others. Tho game of Yankee grab was com menced, and Cameron lost a considerable sum to Alelville, who, amongst other pay ments, got a cheque for £20 trom Cameron. Tho two agreed to throw for another £20 each, the winner to shout cham pagne. Alelvillo put in Pendreigh's cheque for £20 ; but Cameron having no money Pendreigh agreed to take. back the £20 cheque, and put iu a £10 cheque. 'The gamo then began, nnd Alelvillo won, pocketed the cheque, and paid for the champagne, and was going home when Cameron asked for just ono more throw for £10. Alelville said that stake wns too high, but consented to throw for £25. Neither had cash, and Pendreigh gavo his cheque for £50, and Melville returned Vcndrcigli's cheque for £40, saying, "If I lose you owe me £15." Cameron then wrote out his cheque for £100 and gave it to Pendreigh as security for the £80' he owed him. Tho gamo was not finished, as a disputo arose ill con sequence of Alelvillo being charged with throwiug four times instead of threo. Cameron said Alelvillo liad cheated all through, and lie would play no more. Pendreigh then tore up the £50 chequo, and on a subsequent day declined to pay Alel ville for the £ 10 chequo till Cameron had paid, lie having repudiated tho whole thing, as lie thought Alelvillo must have been cheating all through. A nonsuit point was raised in tho court below, that tho chequo having been lodged to abide tho event of games played with dice could not bo re covered, according to the Slot section of tlio Police Offences Statute 1S65, and tlie judgo below nonsuited on that point, with £S costs. For tho appellant the ease of Varney v. Hickman, 5 Common Bench 271, wns relied on, and it was contended that as the game was not finished because tho dispute arose there could be no offence against tho statute, as the amount in dispute did not abide the event. Their Honors held that the section relied on did not apply, and allowed the appeal. The amount is there fore recoverable, and the case is sent down to the court below for re-hearing. The sittings of the Melbourne General Sessions for the present month will bo re sumed this morniug. Tho charge against tho Abrahams (husband nnd wife) for receiv ing stolen property is to be proceeded with. The case has been postponed from month to month in consequence of the wife's absence. She was' discovered a short time since, but tho husband was 11011 est when called on to appoar this week. Tho prosecution will probably go on without him. A general meeting of tho contributors to the Lying-in Hospital was held in the board room of the hospital yesterday at noon ; Mr. \V. K. Thompson was voted to the chair. The secretary stated that tho objoct of the meeting was to elect two honorary medical officers, the period of five years for whioh Drs. Martin and Fcatherstone were elected having expired by effluxion of time. Those gentlemen were candidates for re-election, and no others had been nominated. Air. R. Alurray Smith moved, and tho secretary, Air. W. Aracredio seconded, that Drs. Mar tin and Featlierstoue bo re-elected. Tho motion was carried unanimously. Dr. Alartiu, iu returning thanks for tlie honor done him, referred in terms of high eulogy to Dr. Tracy, whom it liad pleased Provi dence to remove from a sphere in which ho had so long made himself valuable. He had performed a work that would live aftor him, and had labored in such a manner that others might feel a pride in emulating his acts. Dr. Featherstono also returned thanks for his re-election, and heartily endorsed the remarks made by Dr. Alartin regarding Dr. Tracy, whose absonce they all regretted. The meeting then broke up. From tho Ballarat Courier wo learn that "the funeral of tho late Mr. M. AI. Pope, AI.L.A., took place on Thursday, the. re mains being intorred in tho Presbyterian portion of the Old Cemetery. A considor- able number of residents of Scarsdalo, Smy- thosdale and Buninyong attended. Tlie mombers of Parliament present wore Alajor Smith, Air. Joseph Jones, Air. B. G. Davies, Mr. James, Air. Garratt, and Air. \V. Clarlte. Tho bearers were Air. Braitlnvaite, Air. Sutherland, Mr. Alagor, nnd Mr. Bonney ; and tho pall- bearers. Air. D. Bropliy, Air. D. Christy, Air. R. Davies, Air. Glovor, Air. Parry and Air. Wheeler. The fuucral ser- vice of the Church of England was read by the Rov. J. Potter. The uody was interred in the Presbyterian section of tho cemetery because the deceased's wife was buried thorp, nnd it was liis wish to occupy a grave as closely as possible adjoining her final resting place." Tho first hall given in connection with the Victoria Yacht Club was held last evening in the large hall of the Alelbourne Athemtum. Tho ball, which was an invitation one, given by tlie club members, was well attended. Out of the 225 invitations issued, nearly 200 were accepted ; and when dancing com menced, shortly after nine o'clock, the hall presented a very brilliant appearance. The yachting evening dress, of a semi-naval cha racter. worn by the commodore and the Yaobt Club members, compared pleasantly with tlie tasteful costumes of the ladies and the orthodox black of the gentlemen visitors. Tho hall was admirably decorated with flags procured for tho occasion, which were sus pended from the four opposite corners, whilst a largo mast covered with bunting nocupied tlie centre of tlie floor. A most distinguishing feature adapted for the oc casion wore the different rendezvous siguals. Instead of being numbered, as is usual on suoh occasions, the life buoys of tho different yaolits were placed 011 the walls, ami such names as liaidee. Naiad, Mystery, Henrietta, Euleika, and Rob Roy wore sufficient to prevent any disap pointment. Shortly before tivelvc o'clock tho signal was given for supper, ivhieli was served in tho upper liall. Air. Gunsler, of Collins street, to whom tlie catering was en trusted, had 11 most elegant repast provided, everything being of 11 most liberal descrip tion, and servud i.i a really first-class manner. Aftor supper dancing wns resinned with energy, and was kept up until ail early hour this morning. Air. John Walsh, a constable who has been recently promoted to a clerkship in tho detective office, was entertained on Thursday evening last by a number of bis comrades at the Supreme Court Hotel. Constable Bouskn was in tho chair, and Constablo Connolly acted as vice. A handsome gold chain with locket attached was presented to him by tho chairman in the name of Air. Walsh's friends, and tbo guest's health was drunk with all the honors. Tho following inscription was inside tlie locket " Presented to Air. John Walsh by members of the Arelboiirno Police Force in acknowledgment of his good com panionship. 9thJuly, 1S74." Tlie recipient returned thanks in a feeling speech. Several other toasts were drunk aud duly honored. Dr. Alaclean, the coroner for Williams- town, held an inquest at tho old Woolpaek Inn yesterday, on tho body of the unfortu. nate man Shepherd, who was accidentally drowned on Wednesday evening. The evi dence given corroborated the account given in yesterday's issue, and further showed a want of care for tho lives of the men cm- ployed in the landing of silt. It seems that there is only one little dingy to do all the boat work required for the steamer and the six or seven punts she generally has in tow, and the storm on Wed nesday stove that in. No blue- lights, life- lines or other apparatus were provided iu the case of a mail falling overboard. The jury ndded a rider to their verdict of acci dental death, to the effect that tliero was no doubt, if proper appliances had been put on the steamboat and tho punts, tbo accident would not havo terminated fatally. The remains of deceased will bo lmricd to morrow afternoon, and will bo followed to the gravo by the Naval Reserve, of which deceased was a member, and also by tho Oddfellows. A coueei t has been arranged for the benefit of tho widow and family of deceased on Tuesday, the -1th August, at Wiilamstown. A fatal accident occurred yesterday morn ing to a little boy named Louis Cranoy, near Eaglchawk. lie. was playing near a water- liolo when ho fell in, and being only eighteen months old, was unable to get out again, lie was dead when taken out. An inquest will be held on tho body to-day. An inquest wns held at Sandhurst yester day on the body of Nicholas Breen, lato warrior iu tho gaol, who committed suicide on the previous day. The evidence taken showed that deceased died from tlie effect of strychnine, adiniuistcrcd by himself, and that he bought the poison on tho Stli instant at the chemist's shop of .1. Boully, and the Friendly Societies' Dispensary; at each place lie purchased a few grains, raying ho wanted it to kill rats with. Dr. Cruikshank cer tified that he had analysed tho contents of a tumbler found near deceased, and tbo dregs of it contained enough strychnino to kill several persons. Ho also produced tho labels, marked "strychnine," found in de- ceased's room" These were identified by tho chemists as tho labels put on the poison by them. |Tho jury returned the following verdict : — That deceased came by liis death through taking an overdose of 'strychnine whilst in a state of temporary insanity. At the Sandhurst Police Court yesterday morning, a sliarebrokor, named Edward Price, wns charged with embezzling the sum of £G, tho property of W. H. Harris. Pri soner was arrested 011 warrant on the pre vious evening. On the application of the police lie was remanded for a week, bail in two sureties of £25 being allowed. It appears from tlie information that tho pri soner received tho money to purchase shares for tho prosecutor ; but be failed either to purchase tho shares or refund tho money advanced. Wo have been requested to call attention to on advertisement 111 auotlicr column, from -the South Alelbourno Gas Company, inti mating to tho gas consumers of Emerald-hill and Sandridgc that 011 and after tlie 1st of August next the price charged by that compnny will be reduced to 7s. Gd. per thousand feet. This company has been the means of reducing tho prico from lis. to 9s. per thousand cubic feet, aud now make a further reduction. We are given to understand that tho directors are disposing of new shares, with tho view of extending their maius to Alelbourne mid the other suburbs. A largo number are already taken up and promised. The following tenders were accepted yes terday by tho Board of Land and Works, subject to tho report of the Acting Engiueor- in-Chief : — Construction of Iff gatekoopcrs' huts on the Ballarat aud Alaryborough Rail way, John Foot, £760 10s.; construction of platform, tank, and house and tank, nt Melbourne station, John Foot, £1332 4s. 9d. A little boy named William Hogan, aged ten years, the son of Air. Hogan, green grocer, Cremorne-street, Richmond, has been missing from liis home siuce the 3rd inst. He is of a florid complexion, has large dark eyes, auburn hair rather long, and wore dark tweod knickerbockers, black elothcap, with a broken peak. Information of the little truant is to be sent to the polico, or to Air. Hogan, Richmond. The shop of John Nathan, 192 Russell- street, was broken into at au early hour yes terday morning, and a gold lever watch, a gold Albert chain, a gold ring, and three keys, to the value of £22, stolen. A man named John Sanderson was taken to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday, suffer ing from a broken leg. He was riding a horse at Yiolet Town on Thursday evening last, when the animal slipped, causing tlio above injury. _ Tho Cluues HoBpit.il committee have de- cided to disallow indiscriminate preaching to patients. Orders have been issued only to admit, without tiokets, tho ordained clergymen of the town. This course was taken iu consequence of oomplaints of pa- tionts being worried, regardless of their creeds, by certain laymen. The Attorney-Genoral heard yesterday, at tlio Patents department, and granted, tho application of W. D. ltuek, of Greenwich, Kent, England, for Victorian letters patent for improvements in the manufacture of gas, letters patent for whioh had been already granted to the applionnt iu England. Mr. Kingston, of Chancery-lane, appeared as attorney and agent for patentee. Ata meeting of the Jika Shire Council, held on Alonday, the Gth inst., tenders were opened for building a new bridge over the Alerri Creek, at North cote. The proposed bridge is to ho of briek and stone, after a design by Mr. Rawlfnson, C.E., of Temple Court, Alelbourne. Five tenders were sent in, and that of Smith and Co., at £S951, being tho lowest, was referred to the engineer for report. The matter will come before the council at an adjourned meeting, to be held on the loth instant. The Princess of Trebizonde is to be per formed again to night at the Opera House. The pleasant novelty is soon to be with drawn to make room for Chilperio, which, it is hoped, will not bo less attractive. There was a crowded house last niglit in all parts, Tho clever adaptation to the stage of Yictor Hugo's Lea Aliserables by Air. Danipier, continues to attract large atten dances at the Theatre Royal. Last night was no exception to tho rule. The perform ance was of so satisfactory a nature that the principal artists were recalled at the close of each act. Stanley's very attractive diorama of tlie American war, that so strikingly depicts some startling incidents, will he exhibited again to-night, in St. George's Hall. Tlie usual gift distribution will take place at the close of the entertainment. There was a good attendance last night. The usual summary for Home readers will be published in our issue of Monday. Tho Ilead-quarters Baud will not play in the gardens to-moriow afternoon, as their services aro required for military purposes. By reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that special services will ho held during next week in St. Andrew's Church, Carlton. In our advertising columns is published the address of Air. Harawell to tho burgesses of Victoria Ward, Collingwood. Air. Harnwell, at tho solicitation of several ratepayers, has con sented to be put in nomination for a vacancy in tho representation of tho ward. Air. Nicholson, of Collins-street, has published tho Little Footsteps Galop that attracted such favorablo notice at a recont fasliiouablo ball. The arrangement is by Here Plock, and presents tlio popular air in a manner tbat dancers will appre ciate. Mr. Manley Ilopwood's second popular cbeiai cal lecture will lie given at tlio Alelbourne Atbcnaium on Wednesday evening next. The. subject chosen is "Combustion, or the chemistry of Fire and Flaoie," and the lecture will be illus trated hy'numcrous intsresting experiments. The People's Concerts at the Polytechnic Hall, Bourko-strcet cast, will lie continued to-night, under the direction of Air. R. W. Cary. A good programme is announced. Besides the usual vocal and instrumental entertainment, there will ho n grand exhibition of dissolving views. An extra programme is announced for tho People's Concert at tbo Temperance Ilall, Tins- sell-strecl, tl ir evening, when, in addition to the usual vocal and tns'inm uital selections, Mr. John Ilarwood will appear in his amusing parlor magic ami supernatural vision. Mr. 'P. Empson will act ns conductor, aud Aliss Dwight will preside at the uiauo. Tlie chair will he occupied by Air. Wm. Robertson. A pleasant evening was spent at tbo Primitive Aletbodist Church, Coburg.on Wednesday evening last, when tho Brunswick Tonic Hoi fa singing class gaveaconccrtof sacred music, llie ii ucecdsof which arc to lie devoted to the f uuds of tbo chapel. The programme was a good one, and the members of the choir acquitted themselves well. A vote of thanks to the chairman, Air. T. Wilkinson, and also to Mrs. Lord and hor class, brought the meeting to a close. 