SHIPPING. ARRIVAI».-Mayal. .Indyïoung(8), 4ï5itous, Edwurds from Brisbane, llHh Instant. .Passengers-Mrs. Bennett and servant, Miss Camp- bell;'.1 Captain - Geeoli, Messrs.-! Grant, Diirnloy, Hunn, Began, and 40 in th» steeruge. A.8;1T. Co, agents. '! Wentworth (s). 1O0O tons, Paddle, from' Molbom-ne. Pas sengers-r-Mr. and «rs. Smythe, Mrs. Scott, Mrs. Osborne, Mrs. Alexandra infant and servant; Mrs. 'Strange, Mrs. Campbell, Mrs. Pearn. Mrs., Clark, Miss Gadwell, Miss Bceafes, Miss Allen, Miss Eccles; Captain Starers, Captain O liarles, Slessrs. Emerson. Kool e «lier; Sutton, Kelly, Ohatley, Boyd, Aokland, Campbell; Thomas, Winton, Brown, Gagliardl, Benning. Scott, Oddy, King,-Noble, Tobin, Wat- son, .Tyerman, Maokay, Bue, Hood, Schofield, Henderson. Hay,-" Thompson; Bunn, Green, Plotohor; Soirth, Robinson. Hilder, Armstrong, Wales, and56 in tko steerage. A.S.N Co, agents. ' '": ' ' May'33. ' |Tovelty,:brq, 375 tone, Llmmex, from' Takao 20tU March. Colonial Sugar Com oaoy, agents. ' Alexandra (s), 435 tons, Stuart,' from Melbourne 21st in- stant: ' ' Passengers-Mrs. Fisher,- Mrs. Foot; Mrs. Meyer, , Miss Byan, Messrs. Fisher, Loony .'Neville, Kirk, Turnbull, Manning, and 30 in the steerage.'. A.S.N. Co,1 agents. ' Bira ,0-rovo, bra, 235 tons, Leddru, from Adelaide 15th in- stant: Captain, aaont. Florence Irving (s), 600 tons. Phillips, from Cooktown, via Bookhampton 13th instant. Passengers-Mr. and Mrs. Mar- tin. Messrs. Bain, Nf aa ton, M'Farlane, Holinan, Abbott, and ISO tn the steerage. A.B N. Co, agents. Dandenong (»), 575 tons,Xauth6rn, from Melbourne. Pas '«ngèra-Miss Maxwell, alias Jones; Mrs. Jones. Miss Gilles- pie, MIBS Ford, Mrs. Acheson and 3 ohlldren,. Miss Waddell, XrsV Xvcringlmrn, Mrs. Williams^ Mrs; Wettenhall, Mr: and Mr«. Houghton, Captain WettcnhalljfB.Ni). Captain Wil 'ams,' Messrs. Houghton, Gowan, Borresford, Williams, Anderson, W. B. Williams, Armour, Master Spear, and 30 in hesteeuage. W; H. Smith, agent'. .' . ... ' EIIOTO (s), 1237 tons. Curling, from Melbourne 31st instant; H.'Mooro, agent. ?''?"". 1:'' - < ?'?<~r>\ >. . . ? Jessie Kelly, sob, 149 tons, from Maryborough.' Captain, Mat.; ? " . . . ..."?. " Aloandra. sch. from Warrnnmbool. ?'- ? . ""fohn Penn (s),' SOOtons.-Blieod, from Eden and Merimbula Mrd'instant ? -Passengers-Mr». ? Vowles/.Miss Abrahams, MK and Mrs Brown and family,1 Messrs. Sharpe, Condon, S raith,' the captain, chief officer, and two of the crew of tho. wrecked schooner Corsair, and 18 in the steerage. ' I.S.If. Co., àgoats. ; ' Governor Blackall (s), 280 tons, Saunders, from Brisbane 38nd Instant. ' Passengers-Miss 'Cottle, Miss Hodson, Miss Boyle, Bishop Murray, Bishop lanigan, Mr. Lochnrdt,'La; Roche, Dr. Young, Messrs. Curtis, Chilk, Ives, Stewart, Belzel. Hodson, Guthrie, and 170 in tho steerage. A.8.N, Co.,-agenta. ¡ .... i. . May 35. ' "Glengalrn, ship, 894 tons, .Finlayson, from London 3rd -March. -Passengers- Messrs. Penrose and Ansley. Hangar, G-odye, and Co., agents. . - '. . Agiics. Irving (s), 400 tons, Greor, ,from Grafton 23rd instant.." Posseugers-Mr. arid ,Mrs. Ingpcn and 2 children, Miif. Watson and child, Mrs. . O'Neil, Miss Logan, Misses Garrard,'(31, Miss Mackellar,-"Masters' Maolcollar (3), and 2 servants, . Messrs. Crawford, ' Y*baloy, ' Bligh, Cowdory, ' Penfor.^Hamhúrgher, Btovnns,?.Garrard, and 12 in the ,'steerage.,, O. wdJB.R S.N. Co., agents. : - Wonga, i Wonga (a), 840 tons, Lake, from Auckland 16th ? Instant. - Passengers-Mr, and''Mrs. Hay, Mr. and Mrs. Bying, Mdlle. Claus, Mdllé. Rockel, Signor Cecohi, Mons. , Bockel, Signor ? Blscacoianti, Messrs.: Oonway, Murphy, Quiggon, Duty, O'Neil, Chilling worth, Captain M'Eaohearn, Eastwood, and 26 in steerage. ...... .>??? i May 38, . Onward,; ship, 606 tons, Stimson, from Hongkong 31st .Marou. Passengers-Mrs. Stimson und daughter, and 276 Chinese. Smith Brothers, agents. Winifred,. shir, 1350 tons, Pawlces, returned to port. Amy, brig, 220 tons. Harrison, from Maryborough. Captain, agent, . . Platypus (s), 360 tons, Bedford, from Clarence River 31st nstant. -0. and R.R.S.N. Co., agents. . i; u. / . ? .' May 37, >; Tartar (s), 1600 tons , Ferres, from San Francisco 27th April, via Honolulu and Kandavau, Passengers-Sir William Verner, Dr. Greenlade, Mrs. Hutchinson, Miss H. Grainger, Miss T. E. Stow, Mr. and Mrs. Vincent, Mr. and Mrs. Banks, Messrs. J. Williamson, T. Taffley, J. Wittkowski, and 7 in the steerage. Kiama («}, 200 tons. Meaney, from the Clyde «nd Ulln ? dalia 2 . dren. Miss U'Phall, Mrs, Knapp; and Mr. Blyth. I.B.N. Co, agents. >. > ? , . May 28. Eli/a Mary, sch, 161 tons, James, from Wangaroa, Captain, agent. Fawn, brig, 2115 tons. Walker, from Lyttelton 9th Instant. Passenger-Mr, Bldan, Captain, agent. Bobin Hood, brig, 207 ton«, Oudding, f.iom Melbourne 11th aslant. Cuptniu, agent. . .?.. CLEARANCES.-May 21. Lizzie Blair, sch, 8» tons, Paterson, for Brisbane, Pus engers-Captaln Muir, Mrs. Muir and family (2), Mr. Jessop. Llzxlo and Bosa, bra, 380 tons, Phillips, for Singapore Passenger- Mr. J. Muller. Batolutha (s), 260 tons, Bool,'for Maryborough nnd Rook bampton. Passengers- Miss Yeomans, Miss J. Yeomnnp. Misses Wood. Beaumont, Mant, B. Mant,' Mr«, ; Morey, Mrs. Wood. Mrs. Mani, 4 ohlldren nnd servant, Mows. Mant, T, Oowran, H. Cowran, Corlot, Yeomans, Cowley, Biddulph, B. B. ;\Vallaoo, W. Wallace, Wood and son, Harrison, anil 12 In tho stoeruge. Uaiigntira (s), 400 tons, Hill, for PortHenlKon and Clovo!and : Bay. Passengers-Mrs. James; Messrs. WatBon, Thornton, and 3 in the steerage. May 23 . Winifred, ship, 1350 tons, Faillies, for Loudon. Passengers -Kov. J, G. Evans, Rov. W. J. Williams, Mesars. Tweedie, .loxantlor, Williams. Walker, Shone,. Ryland, D'Orrlval, <. Coleman, Taylor, Wolfe, Gower, Bhopherd, Faust, Breton, . Sheldon, .Captain G. W Richards, Dr. Golder, Mrs, Lyons, r Miss Thompuon, Mrs. Evnns.iiud 24 in tho steerage. unriy lreung (a), -i/i tons, Edwards, for Brlsbane. Pus sorigors-Missus M'In tyro (3), Miss Eccles, Miss Williams, Mrs. M'lnlyio and sovvunt, Mossrs. Adinna, Williams, Prim* rose, Hay, Thomson. Barr, A. Thomson, Thnirtpsbn, Laurie, Jones, Bortran, Mooro, Began, and 86 In tbo steerage. ... May37. : ; 1 H >? 7 . / Waterwitch, sch, 105£tons, kGreeñlees, for Cleveland Day'. .Passenger- Mr. Harper. j Wentworth (s>, 660 tons, Paddle,-for Melbourne. Pas isengers-r-Miss Marten, Mrsi Poley.'Mis* Taylor, Mrs. Drewott, Mrs. Byng. Mrs. Terry, Mrs. .Harrison, Mrs. Byan, Mrs. Simpson, Miss Grainger, Miss Stowe, Signor Cecohl, Captain M'Bnchern, Means. Simpson, Young, Callaghan, Hoptwoll, Le Jeune. Blake, Conway, Ohillingworth, Myng, Rae, Hen- derson, M'Comax, J. W. Brewett, W. W. Browett, Rowan, Foster, Edols, Bowny, Herbert, Qniggln, Bubonlay, mid 33 m the steerage. Governor Blackall (a\, 331 rons, Saunders, for Mnrvhoronch. Passengers-Miss Pcuren, Mi*s Jj. Pcarcn, Miss'Yeon.aus, £i,,?J- Yeomans, Messrs. Sherridan, Brumm, Yeomans, [ Collins. Oaraield, Poaren, «nd 10, in the steerage, MARINE BOARD INQUIRY.-Tha Marino Board held a pre- liminary inquiry, on the 10th instant, into the circumstances attending tho stranding of tho Macgregor on thc 26tn Feb- ruary last, at Galoa Bay, Ka nda va ii, Fiji, when proceeding to sea with a duly licensed pilot on board. The inquiry was then adjourned, and concluded on wednesday. After deliberation the board carno to tho conolusion that no blame was attributable to Horace Grainger, the master of tho vessel, for the acoldont. Tho board, moreover, ls of 0Dlni0n that credit is due to Captain Grainger for having rescued his vessel and brought her Into port from a position of great dan- ger. They aleo desire to record the exceptional services ren- dered to the Maogrcgor by tho commander, officers, and men of H.M.S. Pearl, under the direction of the Commodore com- manding the Australian station. TRIP OF THE RECONNAISSANCE TO NEW GurNEA -Tlu barque Reconnaissance left Sydney on tho 17th of February hound for the Endeavour River, with ninety diggers and s cargo of stores, tho latter to he delivered to H.SÏ.S. Basilisk, af New Guinea. Arrivod at the Endeavour on tho 1st of March, after experiencing a heavy galo of wind on February 22 in tlu j Whitsunday Passage. Loft tho Endeavour on tho 13th of Maroh, and anchored under Lizard Island until tho 19th, owing to strong easterly gales. Cleared tho Barrier by the l.J milo opening, at noon on the 10th. Anchored off Pos scssion/Bay, Now Guinea, on tho 29th Unroll. Got under way next day, and proceeded round to Millen Bay, th-ough Ohma Strait. Shifted on account of the natives, who ap pca-ed likely to provo troublesome, aa they rame alongside in great numbers and could not bo frightened off. Got Underway on thoSth of April from Milleu Bay, und returned to Possession Bay tho same evening, wliero fount H.M.S. Basilisk and Sandfly lying at anchor. Transhipped tbe coats, and stores, and returned by China Straits on 16th April, in company with H.M.S. Sandfly, the latter bound for 8ydney. The Basilisk will continuo surveying the north-east coast of Now Guinea for two months, after which alie proceeds to Singapore, and thence to England. Captain Moresby has dis- covered nnother »ew passage, whioh will shorten the China route hy 300milos for vessels bound for the colonies. The charts will bo published inn f»w months. I should recommend any poi'son going up to; Now Guinea, or any vessel on a trading v yage, to be well armed, and at all titnrs on their guard, tho nativos being very numerous and treacherous on tho east coast. They are well armed with clubs, spears, stone axes, and bows and arrows, nnd come alongside quite boldly in canoes, and show no sign of fear. Th« eastern portion of New Guinea appo>tr.s to abound with plenty of food, consisting of yams, breadfruit, bnnana, Indian corn, arrowroot, sago, pigs, fowls ; but with all this food at their command the natives are cannibals, andnppear rather proud of their taste, as they brought largo numbers of human bones on board by way of trade. I saw some very nice specimens of gold-bearing quartz on board the Basilisk, that were got at Hoop-iron Bay, on the eastern portion of New Guinea. The Reconnaisnnoe lins tho oredit of being tho first merchant ves- sel that has yet sailed through China Straits, this channel havingonly been discovered in November last. The passage s about 10 miles long, 2 to S miles wide, and carries from 6 to i30fatborns water, with a 5 to 6 knot tide at spring.-M. CWWcto. * " TUB W HUCKS AT OAMARU.-The Worth Otago Times of the 6th gives the fsîknwng account of the wrecks which took Íilace at Oamaru on Saturday last: "No forewarning of the m pending1 aisaater«vA3knveD,th« glass being high and steady, until the afternoon of BSburtíay, when heavy rollers began to come home, indicating 8wt there had been bad weather out- side. There was not a oreath of winds-and as the bay gradu- ally became filled with a long rolling swell, uncomfortable apprehensions began to be entertnined tor the shipping lying at the inner anohorage. Thia is precisdfc' the sort of weather most dangerous here, and at places similarly situated, as it is impossible for vessels to work out, and their safety entirety depends upon thc holding power of their anchors and chains. Captain i Sewell,. Harbour-master, was on the gui vire throughout tho afternoon and evening, to signal the: vessels to stand to sea the moment a breeze sprung up; but it WOB vain whistling, not th« ghost of a wind could, be raised. There were lying in' the bay, at the outer anohorage, the barque Hose H., Captain KÍ1 ipatrick, from Dunedin, loading produce .for Auckland ; and at tho inner anchorage, the brigantine Emulous, Captain Mathieson, from Dunedin,, loading for Wellington ; the three-masted schooner Ocean Wavo, Captain Mann, from Lyttelton, with coal, discharging ; the schooners Enterprise, loaded for Wellington ; and Janet lîa m say, from Dunedin, discharging; and'tho ditter Hope, also from Dunedin, dis- charging. At about half-past 8 p.m. it was ob erved that the Emulons was dragging, and about half an hour later the Ocean Wave began drifting rapidly towards the beach. Guns were then fired for the Rocket Brigade, which quickly as- sembled, and all the apparatus was got out ready for use. About half-past 10 o'clock the schooner got into tho > reakers, and shortly afterwards took the ground. Aline was sent to her by means of tho rooket apparatus, the first rocket carry lng it : clean acroBS the rigging. The hauling aboard of the hawser and tho life banket was but the work . of a fow moment«, and one by one the crew (seven band» all told) wore hauled safely ashore Captain Mann being last to quit the vessel, willoh was a hope- less wreck. No sooner had the ropes nsed by tho Brigade been coiled in readiness than it was evident that they would be wanted for the Emulous, which had dragged in to within a couple of cables' length of the shore, and was burning coloured lights as signals of distress. At about midnight she grounded about her own length astern of the Ocean Wave, both vessels lying nearly opposite the Scotoh Church. Qelng light In the water (having only sonio 50 tons cargo on board), thehrigantino was driven higher up on the beach, and sus- tained far less injurv. Again the first rooket carried her a line, and the whole crew (eight hands all told) were landed without accident, one only of them getting a duaking na the way from the ship's sl'lo to the beach. Captain Mathieson was the last to loave the vessel. Hearty cheers were given when the last man had been safely landed. Some anxiety was tiien felt for the barque Rosa M., whloh had drifted In considerably. A« soon as daylight per- mitted, the Harbour master, finding tho Bhlp riding by n single anchor, signalled her to lot go the second. Tho order was obo.vcd, and the barque brought up. Tho littlo onttor Hope got out about ll o'olock p.m. on Saturday, and the other vessels, n breozo springing up, put to sea on Sundny morning a little before 3 o'clock. On Saturday night, at obi) tide, a heavy south-cn*t sea suddenly set in, and the six vessels in the bay wore quiokly placed in jeopardy, thoro being littlo .or no wind, 'i'llo Hope, Enterprise, and Janet Ramsay succeeded in getting out beforo midnight, but the Ocean Wave, coal-laden, from Lyctelton, carno on shore north of tho Lagoon, and ÍB n total wreck. Part of the cargo was saved. Tho veBBol Is Insured for £1200 in thp South British. Tho Emulous followed an hour later. Her cargo WHB 45 tons nf Hour. It lins been got out, and is not muoh damaged. It is insured in the New Zealand office. Tho vessel is bel loved to bc insured In thu Piioltlo. She is not much injured, and may poBBibly ho got off. Tho barque Rose M. rodoitout, with two anchors down, and a very largo soope of cable. Tho | seals now going down. A public meeting lins been held in Gulpong, to protest against tho establishment of brunohos of any of our banks at Homo llulo, as tho Gulgong people, undorn promiso that-no bank wan to bo oponed at Homo Rulo, went to considerable expense in building. By resolu- tion tho mniiagors of tho different bunks nro to bo addressed, in deprecation of tho oxprossod intention of ono of their number. Tile mining ninnupor of tho Cro\yn of Old Gold mining C'ompnny (limited), Ailolong, under dato 25th instant, ropovtn mi follows : Tho main abaft baa boen mink an additional 4 feet, tho reef in which is much improved, being oightcon inches wide, of vory good stone Tho north drivo hus boon oxtondod 'li foot, tho roof in which is about six inohos wido. In stopes Nos. 2 and 3 south, stripping is hoing enrriod on, una a largo pioco of roof is ttttuuling, which will bo talton down in a fow days. Twenty tons of Btonc havo buen brought to grass ; total, 50 tons. 