C H A P T E R V. IN WHICH LOBS DXKLETON OVERREACHES HIMSELF. u- Whether ^ - lihe T » proverb, " Everybody' x««iyoouy has aas ^ ^ point,?' is one worthy of acceptance ™ option, -open to some doubt, since, in the case of a thoroughly offensive personage, thei point in which Jte di^ilays himself to less of disadvantage than : others isJbuttoo often aet down M a " gobd" >one; but with respect toXord Dirleton the buying had a proper application enon^i. =T fie'was a tyrannical old Turk, highly di^eptitabie in many ways, and venerable in none ; but he' was a s redeemed by some social virtues. He | liberal, not to say lavish with his |j nioney ; affecbonate, not to say amorous, in his disposition, and at least as Violent in his I .mstoeBoesasiii'Iiui diOaut. '.-Moretf^er^lie ; hated a sneak '{which fce- shrewtHy^saspected '^nephew I«ck to be),^andheld a hearty plain-spoken feHow. (provided : that hi^ opinions did not disagree with his own^ in-1 genuine estimation;. Had it been, for this" Rason alone, he would have liked the J Gapfcainbut since the latter went also ' " rtraight as a bird" across country, ^as a crack shot, and "his godson—the Rubric is "between its Tines so bad nnspiritual Jt,before a ^®?®?"? 8 J«bn, Lord Dirleton—"my Jack" wasa^rrime favourite. Moreover, some fashionable fibber had once remarked that'the portraitrfby young SheeH of His Lordship, when a youth of eighteen, was the "image" of the present Captain Heyton, and that trifling circumstances had wonderfully.assisted to increase the egotistic old fellow's affections for his eldest iiephew. Jack, unlike a certain cousin of his, was not I always^ & e look-out for spoD, and never | asked for his debts to be paid until the I politics, matter became and was presmng; not~a dandy didn't : meddle indeed, with he J wouldiave gone on active service had not j ^^^.ou-ccunstaace th^t gave the lad a 1 filter claim thirn all dse to regard himself 8 8 1 1 1 8 h e u r ' ' w o t l l d bave been insufferable *°3npst young men of any spirit to liveunder I the same roof with Lord Dirleton in a ( position of dependence upon him; but it was , not so with Jack, wKo really — j liked his uncle, and would as soon have thought of playing the eycophdnt as the pianO. Bashaw ai hi h^rstood, that Jack's own liberties were I ?? v e r „ t ?. ^ ? n c r c^ c h e d n o r ^ ^ Jack I kuBself dictated to de haut en bas; and that, I * sooner than submit to the least insult, the 1 youag fellowlwotlld have packed up his halfdozen portmanteaus of fashionable garments, and left the Hall: at once, to face the world on his own trumpery five hundred a year. And what would His' Lordship have done then ? Who would have "managed" him when he had'the gout, so as to keep his temper within reasonable t>ouhds, and prevent the servants from leaving then house en masse? Who would have superintended his stud, and had-the pedigree of every horse at his fingers' | ehds, aa well as the names of the winners of all the Derbys, which formed the calendar of his own past ?' Let me see, when was it I first sat:for Loamshire, Jack?" or "Ran away with the Italian woman ?" or " Went out with Sir Harcourt Leslie?" To each of which queries Jack would answer without error, as he quietly cracked his walnuts— "Blisbury'syear," or "Archimedes' year," or " The Bead Heat year, between Antimony and Perspiration," just as it happened. Who but Jack would.have left. thei)illiard-room that winter's night,'-in his pumps, and silk stockings, and. gone into the Home Wood afterjfchose infernal poachers, and netted the whole lot nf'. them? Well, certainly not Dick, who^ what with his lisp, and his flute, and his French phrases, might as well have been his niece as bis nephew. \- And if Jack was not without a sense of the " necessity" that he had made himself—not with calculating design, however—to the old man, he also acknowledged in his uncle, not indeed; a' patron, but a most generous and kindly benefactor. He was not afraid of Lord Dirleton—lie was afraid of no man— bnt he had carefully avoided all occasions of quarrel With him, and' now that a disagree - ment was pending between them—and one likely to lie most serious and ~ : always behaved to me like a trump," was his present reflecbon, as he took his way slowly towards the Hall, after parting with Evy ; •and whatever he says, 1 will try and keep I my temper, and look at the matter from his J 8own b o r , point , .... of view." He . meant, of course, , ,j t of yielding the main point, of which, I ?f we have said, he was by birth incapable, Even — his cousin Dick, -by comparison " a most • 1 prudent and calculating character, never gave upa Uhcy. no matter what the pecuniary I advantage of so domg. | Urrforbunately, rLord Dirleton himself was a^Heyton also. 3everhad= the Park, with- its- herds and Jocks,, seemed so well worth possessing as I now, when" the Captain trod it as its heir- C S K f t f r ^ \ ^ ®bejra^d pld ^ seem^ an iiient#Qce 8 0 au a8 n o w w l l e n .* L , » be was approachingit I as its future master perhaps forthe last time, I ordinary visitors on foot, the porter—a b^g, ;resplendfint in scarlet and I gold, . o; the postern door let into one sof iihe hu^eigateway; to- per&ons; of ^ er onajity.- and to junior members of the honse'orHejrton^one wing; of the gate was flungliack. at their approach; foFffis Lordship.and th^9. Obtain alone was reserved the -honour of hkving the great gate thrown open. Tn the first place, the respteadent creftture. rcpt in contemplative oalm, took fid notice of the incomer,- whom he ushered into the courtyard, there to be received by an inferior/, member of the household; in the second, he stood bplt upright, like a soldier at "attention ;" in the third case he removed ltis goldbound andcockadedhat, and bowed to the thotightJack grimly, as he acknowledged * Tetainers profound salutation. For the ntail stopped with the present Lord, who had, as has been said, the power of leaving house, and land, and gold—everything, in fact, but bis bare title—to whomsoever he' pleased. - Jack's jfiiad pursued the same thread of thought—not a very high one perhaps, but a natural one enough under the circumstances—as lie mounted the" great .stairs, up which he had go often assisted his uncle's crippled feet, and passed along' the gallery from whose walls hia taaestoft seemed to regard him with doubtful looks. "This is not the young man that is to succeed ns, then, after all," whispered they to one another. In his C wa&mrtments;, where he prooeeded todre^g himself for dinner, there were many "UtQgs to suggest a continuance of the same theme. The sitting-room had been fitted up by his uncle as a " surprise" to him, on some occasion of his own absence, in a manner that had been judged suitable to a young man^s taste. _ The furniture was of oak, carved in imitation of rations incidents of the chase, and <m the walls, in frames similarly carved, were engravings of the most famous pictures in connection with the Bubject, His dressing- table, again, was weighted with the-most splendid articles of the tofle|, in gold or silver; gifts from that-loving kinanian whose affection he Was now abOOtlto ia^.io ihe uttermost, and in -all- probability beyond what, it 'could M & WW? : 1ioi^h- a-"3igh would no wand then eeeftpeUack on r his own account, his chief regret-was still, as before, for him.who had'loatlad him wifch'sb maajy tokens of his love, ; ahd iin whose eyes the return he was about tu make fpr them niust fiOedsBeeniheaJrtlesa andtlncratfettl. ip \- "If I am kicked ^ut of fcis,^ triaied tfe Captain—?not v in wK-conceiti with th'e air Of one who "Stales a fact to Be regrettedi- " the poor old fellow wi& find -himself very lonely, I am afraid?'' And then the gong; sounded for dinner." - ' -'- .." ; '_His unwonted pedestrian expedition'to he c YiilagB^ and the -excitement t>f his interview with Mr. rB^leij. hsd ^reacjly brou^tt His ! Lardship's^ leg to the foo^res^ - whichj^nfr, aid n o t t o reinaik npon ^witii ^ becoming ! ipi ^ofe account, but on his -own, for hO WBil-knew ; that the circumstance would-' notbein his - " Yes," replied his uncte-peevishl^. " I've been most infernally woiriM io-fe, and worry always flies to4i toe,"- -. ^ This was the fact, and His liordshitr was I apt ~to insist np'oh it, as a reason why he should never Ije thwarted, just" as" Mr. -Hulefc—equally autocratic, — ^ though ••> • on smaller scale—objected to contraaicfion on the ground that "it made his heart go." Jack dared ndt ask vrhat had worfie^ hia noble relative lest he should blurt bnt pomething' before the irervants, but merely, erpressed hifl re^et^ and the dinner 1 pro - ' ceeded' in total silence, except that ' Hia Lordship V broke out" occasionally ^wholly withont occasion) at the cook; and that also rwas a, bad sign. ' STq sooner were they left alone together, ho'wever—the claret with Jack, and the whisky, medicinally prescribed, beside his uncle—than the latter drew a letter from his waistcoat-pocket, and tossed it over to his companion, with a " Bead that,'Sir. face Jack-obeyed returned it. iim, and then with a quiet " Well,-what have yon to say to ib; Sir ?" "Nothiiu; more, uncle, than what is usually said of anonymous communications. It is a very blackguard trick, if sucha phrase can be used in the case of a female, for I am afraid the handwriting reveals the isek."" i "Yes, it's a woman, of course," answered Pis Lordship. " 4 A trne friend to the . social proprieties ventures to ask Lord Dirleton whether he is aware that his nephew, Captain Hulet, is on the vergeTf beEig entanled into a ' m a ^ o n i ^ e i e - m ® t % the meoe of Mr. Angelo HtSt^-a MffisCarthew.' Ko nian could have tmtten txru like that. T What But that is* not the point,' Sir. -'- I —'- wish 1 - to — enquire'is, ^ is it • true ; "So far as being 'entangled in a ^ aoatri-' hionial engagement' is concerned,' uncle," replied the young man slowly, "it is a lie. Otherwise the statement is correct enough." ; " I don't quite understand you, Jack," answered Hia Lordship, brightening up. " I im not veiy straghtlaced, as yon know;, but I dO hope that you have not been so imprudent—in the village here, close nnder. m y ^ery nose—to forin aiiy connection ffiat— •" • V M i lord, I musjb beg you not to'4nish at Sentence," interrupted Jack, with a dden flush on his face. "Miss Carthew is lady born and bred; in all respect^ m y ual—in most m y superior. M y denial cerreaonly to the word 'entangledshe is -tterljr incapable of such conduct as that * f ~moufl letter would attribute to her." "' Very likely; but you don't mean to tell me fbatyou have engaged yourself to this girl ?" j "well, if you ask me, uncle, I must needs reply, yes." ' "YOu nmst, must you?" roared tho old £ making as though he would strike the ible with his fist, and' remembering his 1 [opit only just in time to avert the most readful consequences ; "then, by the Lord larrv, you need not trouble to call me uncle'anymore." - "Verygood, myLord.^ Here the young man concluded his task of peeling some half-dozen" walnuts, and placed them on his companion's plate, as he had been wont to do at . dessert-time in the fralnut season for inany a year. In the spring he peeled oranges for him in the form of an hour-glass. j "I don't want your walnuts," said His Lordship peevishly, yet evidently touched by the accustomed action nevertheless, " i vant you to show a little common-senae, and tp remember yonr position." : "I do not forget it, m y Lord," returned Jack modestly. "It has been a very comfprtaWe one, thanks to you, for many years." 1 "Well, then, why not keep it, Sir? W h y quarrel with your bread and' butter—nay jfaur bread, for you have almost nothing of ^ your own—for the sake of a prettyface Yon know I can leave m y money just as I jilease. I've got neither wife nor children" -4- perhaps "- - the - ghost of a smile flickered on his-nephew's lip, or perhaps the old Lord cblv imagined jit, but he added hastily— 'fthat isto spOakof. All that you inhent, lependent of iny favour^ is a barren title; _d. can: there bo anythmg mo're wretched ti the portion of a pauper "peer. You I, of course, have" lot of brats, and be | t^fe'to m ^ t ^ t t e m T fw wiu* p willgive its loaves J f i s h ^ r e S i I for -. a mere vote , without influence. ~ But " there, I am talking to one who doubtless nbver troubles himself to look so far ahead. Ijet me speak, then, of tiie present. Would you like to be dependent on the bounty of si^ch a father-in-law. as Mr. Angelo Hulet ? for that, -as he informed me with his own mw, is. the fate that is in store for you. Have you ever seen that man, Sir? Heard him ta}k ?" '" I have met him on one or two occasions," replied Jack. "He is not a man to my tapte, of course, but he is a gentleman; and " ]" A gentleman, begad!" broke in the old Lord; "the devil he is! Then I don't kiiow what a gentleman means. Are you aware, to begin with, that he is descended —and boasts of it, Sir, boasts of it—from that cut-throat villian, Hulet, who beheaded Charles the First ? He's, got a picture of hint in 1 his parlour, to which he pays &S;~oxttchr adoration as any Papist; to an altar-piece. Do you suppose I would ever give : my permission to cross the Heyton stock with that of 'a Regicide ?. No, Sir, m>on my honour I .never will; so there. And I tell you what. Yon shan't have ithe title nedther y and I'll let the girl know this, since that's what she's after, I suspect; for if you marry, her I'll marry , too, begad I will, and beget heirs, like my fathers oefore msj. so there.". In bpiie of the 6vil turn affairs were .taking, Jack could not repress a nmile at this characteristic menace. " Of course, my Lord,'* replied be quietly, '' yon will act as yon think proper. The young lady in question is not» however, let me remind you, a Hulet, bat the daughter of an officer of distinguished merit." " Um! ah ! they're always that," soliloquised Lord Dirleton; "the only child of a hard- working clergyman, who succumbed beneath his own parochial labours, or else of an (officer of high tank, who perished upon th«j blood-stained field.' Whoever knew a mesalliance withont them. However", added he,i "she comes.of the Hulet blood on one side, and that is quite enough for me. These are revolutionary times, Sir; for I Bhould not be surprised—what's bred in the bone, you knoWj iH Bure to come out in .the. flesh—if Eomeof&prihg; of this projected union should become headsman. to the future Cromwell. Oh, Jack, Jackl " exclaimed the old Lord, with a sudden desoent from historical prediction to the lowly level of natural affection, " f why should you be such a'damned fool? M y word is passed, you know, upon this ®ijepfe . and I can't draw back even if I would " "And my word, my Lord, is alsogiven, " interposed Jack, with dignity; "sowith yonr leave we will let the matter drop,; It is from no want of dutifalness, nor of gratitude, believe me, that I anl compelled to take a course' which ITfeel must. dissever my r future fromy ours. Yon. "hssve beOn* S father to me ever since I lost my own—more indulgent than most fathers^ ami as kind-—" And ais ldving, " put ^ in the" old Lord in trembling tones-—fas -lovingTas any-fatfaeij yon ungrateful dog." : 5 ? «Jl "Indeed, I do believe it, Sir, " confessed Jack, playing nervously with his claret glass, "and! am not ungrateful.. What l wotdd persuade, if J coiild, i8 that in giving up all you, Jiave torsive to ine, I shafi• feel'theloss love the most of all?" : , • - -' l 5 •^Then-why-give it np, Ja6fe*"jjleaded fee otherof ^"if "you" willl^" so Infernally obifiir nsSei^ibieasb there need be no Ectriy "about giving it iip. - You are hot' going to tins jgirlto-morrow, 1 suppose, nor yet tiie" 'jnextdayT" i' j Jack w H i a oertain coniical air of chagrin [admitted that jgtcit w^s the feet. I- I;: ^ T £ • "Very.wellj then,"continued theoldLor<i,s "-don't let ns Bay another word about 1 -it - al> > present";: that is, after I have 7 aah&l; one favour of you, and youliave granfccKt. J> ; -It toncned Jack much' to" near' his TOiete, who had been so long accustomed to lay down the law to everybody, thus appealing jalmostas a suppliant, and to him. " " Indeed," said he, " there is no&ing;, m y Lord, in which I will not oblige yon, short ot giving up of my life. " Then promise me not- to see this;, lady for the next twelve months," saicflftr Dirleton grimly. Jack had stepped into the pit&ll.; It was an ungenerous advantage for nis uncle to," have taken, and that the old maU' felt it to be bo was evident from the apologetic tone in which he weiit ,on fio «peak. r.. r ; "This w21to a good touchstone, oi jt2i«: sincerity of your affecfiom^di^aeji Jaofij(if3 you are really. so' bewitched cure, absence , will only, makeyyon t!he-mo^e foolish—I mfean more fond; whereas, if^your - sing fancy, irovetobe „ during'fiie , Come; you can'tljeworse for wait^^fHOtii h'm—ha—he shall be no bj^fej'-.torTfig r fitted as the poles about the ^ m a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ' j you'did say you wouldaccede ^o ^njre^^w^^,, .?'lfay, m y Lor4/' said Jati, whq.'lelifi much aggrieved by this: sharp practioe, " I spoke with the tacit nnderatanding-that-yoawonld ask .something in reason.: ffoyr ifyou make it six months—" • " Pooh, pooh, six monthS'is nothing; I've loved a girl myself for as long as 'that.'. litefc ns say nine. In.a subject o^,this^ddioate^ nature there's an appropriateness in m W r i hia-^-bega3, if it aiit" like a? 'Duteh auction Come, s ( ay r hirie." - : ; J "It must be eix inonths, nry Lord," said Jack, speaking ..with" ^reat gravity, Scarcely" able to repress a smile, "not at His Lprdsmp's "aside/' but at t^e:reflgc$iP9r that he was hoisting hiB adversary with his own petard; for Was he not already b&aiihedC; from-the beloved object for the time in qnsiBtion? Well, well, let us say six, Jack; h^m-l 7 in six months this young fool will have come ' to iis,senses; only mind this, the sgjaraUfin ' between you muBt be complete. You. ^niist not even write to one another j Fll have no sending kisses in Bealing wax." "That is a-very hard stipulation," pleaded Jack. He was by nature the reverse! of hypocritical, and if his nncle had notlttid that trap for him he would bave -at oi\ce confessed that Mr. Hulet had sdre^dy m^de this veiy proviso; but now he^ had^iio scruples. - *' Come, comft; no meetings and Ho coirespondence for six months, Sir/' insisted flis Lordship impatiently. " Promise me that." "Very good, my Lord," said Jack submissively. "I will send but one note .to:? Miss Carthew this morning to tell her-how - the matter stands, and then will neither see nor write to her again for the next hi2fyear." "Good lad, good lad," answered the old man approvingly; "and look here, Jack, 0 you need not trouble yourself -daring that interval to call me * M y Lord'-amy mere. And um—he—this folly of his -will inever last so long. Three months was the extreme limit with me, though I did tell . Hifr six. : Yes, and now 1'lLeat your walnuts." " "' • A Comical Ckicketeb.—The following description of Mr. Bush's batting in the Rallarat - match is taken from the Eveniiui -t «f This gentleman, who seems in, figure to be like C Sefton'i song, 'All legs and wiDgs/ sfct to wort '' to amuse the crowd, who were keiit rb6li6ig i *™« 1 liughter at^ his ^Ttraordiparjr.£ntiraT^H evidently a good batsman, but he'is a'far beH, rpn-getter, and his favourite s^rle seOmsto j following the bowler at his own eadi%nd : waL g midway between the wickets until the bailor 3(gptiated by^his partner. If a Kt is maie he . - js at tbe-bpposite wicket like;a shOt/indiiJSig^ in saltatol^y gratification at his performance; If ! the ball is fielded he retires like a 1 'gallant Monteithj' with hie face to the foeatadowpa^ expostulating in dumb show with his coadjutor' f<|r stealing a Tun." If. the" ball is smartly - thrown in, he exhibits hie -tremendous length t>t i r&ch; by quietly putting his bak within' the * csease while yet some feet from the wicket,' just ' - a second before the battarrives, and, strikingfen' attitude akin to that of the Colossus of Rhodes, he remams for some seconds an* lzfliDOm^iB - i spectator of the fieldsman's chagrin. Now a-I. ball would be_ nicely fielded, andr£tffih^MrarQ£l/> sttnd a short distance away fromihis oriease in a' most tantalizing manner, iacingithe man^irttb- 1 the ball, his attitude, and expression isaym^ ~ plainly as possibly, 1 1 don't care for yon ; throw if you daro, and I'll make two for au everthrow," Again, he would make a, violent iungdst the" bdl and miss it, the wicketkeeperwould take it,1 the batsman extending his full lengtii, hia toe jest within the crease, the while would look: > up for the ball, as though he expected to see ft T " coming down from 'among the little stars.'- Bii^ > style is so good humoured, and savours so much -> of- genuine fun . and bonhomie, -that *he' • quite wen the hearts of the who,- when he did make a -hit,' che«red . ' him to the echo. After a long day's wearisome watching the monotonous good play : of the English batsmen, Mr. Bush's new edition of the 'Comic Cricketer'- fell like' refreshing rain upon parched soil, and when, after having Southertqn ... for his mate, he fell a victim to Coeatick just as the time arrived for drawing the stomps, there, was a general feeling of regret that he had nob been sent in earlier in the match to prevent the Ballaratians^ from feeling badly at the heavyscores in the'enjoyment of a hearty laugh. The field quite entered into the spirit of Bush's fun, and Old Dan Sweeney, after several times vainlyremoving his bails, only to find the inevitable bat protruded from about mid-wicket to within.. the ground, solemnly shook his head, andseemed to think it a hopeless case. The umpire was the only one who did not seem to relish the proceedings, as for some time he was kept on a perpetual trot to replace the bails." Tee "Wesleyan Magazine.—Subscribers are informed through cur business columns that the . publication of the next issue of this quarterly organ has been postponed till February, in order to include in it the report of the Conference, 