THE MYSTEK? AT FUR \T WOOD. I had been nearly a month at Fernwood, when, for tho first time during our visit, Laurence loft us. One of his old school-fellows, a lieutenant in the army, was quartered with his regiment at York, and Laurence had pro mised to dine with the mess. Though I had been most earnest in requesting him to accept this invitation, T could not help feeling dull and dispirited as I watched him drive away down tho avenue, and felt that for the first time we were to spend the 'long autumn evening wifchnufc him. T)n vvhnt. T wnuM +1«a tlmn liung heavily on my hands. The September , sunset was beautiful, and Lucy and I walked up and down the terrace after. dinner, while Mr. Wendale slept in his easy-chair, and my Aunt and Lady Adela exchanged drowsy monosyllabic sentences on a couch near the fire, which was always lighted in the evening. It was in vain that I tried to listen to Lucy's conversation My thoughts wandered in spite. of myself — sometimes to Laurence in the brilliantly-lighted mess-room, enlivening a circle of blase oflicprs with his boisterous gaiety ; sometimes, as if in contrast to this, to the dark west rooms in which the invalid counted the long hours ; sometimes to that dim future in whose shadowy years death was to claim our weary host, and Laurence and I were to be master and mistress at Fernwood. I had often tried to picture the place ns it would be when it fell into Laurence's hands, Vend architects and landscape-gardeners came to work their 1 woudrous transformation ; but, do what I would, I could never imagine it other wise than as it was — with straggling ivy hang- forlornly about the moss-stained walls, and solitnry pools of stagnant water hiding amongst the tangled brushwood. Laurence and I were to bo married in the following spring, pre would come of age in February, and I should be twenty in March — only a year and a month between our ages, and 1 both a great deal too young to marry, my aunt snid. After tea Lucy and I sang and played. Dreary music it seemed to me that night. I .... thought my voice, and the piano were both out of tune, and T left Lucy very rudely in the middle of our favourite duet. I took up twenty books from the crowded drawing-room table only to throw them wearily down again. Never had Lady Adela's novels seemed so stupid as .when 1 looked into them that night ; never had my aunt's conversation sounded so tiresome. I looked from my watch to the old- fashioned timepiece upon the chimney half a dozen times, to find at last that it was scarcely ten o'clock. Laurence had promised to be home by eleven, and had begged Lucy and me to sit up for him. Eleven struck at last, but Laurence had not kept his promise. My aunt and Lady Adela rose to light their candles. Mr. Wendale always retired a little after nine. I pleaded' for an hour longer, and Lucy was too kind not to comply readily. " Isabel is right," she said ; " Laurence is a spoilt boy, you know, mam ma, and .vill feel him self very much ill-used if he finds no one up to hear his description of the mess-dinner." " Only half an hour, then, mind, young ladies/' said my aunt. "I cannot allow you to spoil your complexions on account of dissipated people who drive ten miles to a military dinner. One half-hour; not a moment more, or I shall come down again to scold yon both." We promised obedienpe, and my aunt left ; us-. Lucy and I seated ourselves on each side of the low. fire, which had burned dull and hollow. I was too much dispirited to talk, and I sat listening to the ticking of the clock, and the occasional falling of a cinder in the bright ; steel fender. Then that thought came to me i which comes to all watchers : What if any thing had happened to Laurence 1 I went to one of the windows, and pulled back the heavy shutters. It was a lovely night ; clear, though not moonlight, and myriads of stars gleamed in the cloudless sky. I stood at the window for some time, listening for the wheels and watching for the lamps of the phaeton. I too was a spoilt child ; life had for me been bright and smooth, and the least thought of grief or danger to those I loved filled me with a wild panic. I turned suddenly round to Lucy, and cried out, " Lucy Lucy, I am I getting frightened ! Suppose anything should have happened to Laurence ; those horses are wild and unmanageable sometimes. If he had taken a few glasses of wine — if he trusted the groom to drive — if- " . She came over to me, rind took me in her arms as if I had been indeed a little child. " My darling," she said, " my darling Isabel, you must not. distress yourself by such fancies as these. He is only half an hour later than he said ; and as for danger, dearest, he is beneath the shelter of Providence, . without whose safeguard those wo love are never secure even for a moment." Her quiet manner calmed my agitation. I left the window, and returned shivering to the expiring fire. " It is nearly three- quarters of an hour now, Bella dear," she said presently ; " we must keep our promise ; and as for Laurence, you will hear tho nhaeton drive in before vou <ro to sleep, I daresay." " I shall not go to sleep until I do hear it," I answered, as I took my candle and bade her good-night. I could not help listening for the welcome sound of the carriage wheels as I crossed the hall and went upstairs. I stopped in the corridor to look into my aunt's room ; but she was fast asleep, and I closed the door as softly as I had opened it. It was as I left this room that, glancing down the corridor, I was surprised to see that there wus a light in my own bed chamber. I was prepared to find a fire there, but tho light shining through the half-open door was something brighter than the red glow of a fire. I had joined Laurence in laughing at the ghost-story ; but my first thought on seeing this light was of the shadow of the wretched Lady Sibyl. What if I found her crouching over my hearth 1 ' ' I. was half- inclined to go back to my aunt's room, awaken her, and tell her my fears ; but one moment's reflection made me ashamed of my cowardice. I went on, and pushed open the door of my room : there was no pale phantom shivering over tho open hearth. There was nil old-fashioned silver candlestick upon the table, and Laurence, my lover, was seated by tho blazing fire ; not dressed in the evening costume ho had worn for the dinner party, but wrapped in a loose gray woollen dressing-gown, and Wearing a black-velvet smoking cap upon his chestnut hair. Without stopping to think of the strangeness of his appearance in my room ; without wondering at the fact of his having entered the house unknown either to Lucy or myself ; without one thought but joy and relief of mind in seeing him once more — I ran forward to him, crying out, " Laurence, Laurence, I am so glad you have come back !" He — Laurence, my lover, as- 1 thought — the man, the horrible shadow — rose from his chair, snatched up some papers that lay loosely on the table by his side, crumpled them into a ball with one fierce gesture of his strong hand, and flung them at my feet ; then with a harsh dissonant laugh that seemed a mocking pcho of the joyous music I loved so well; he stalked out of the door opening on the gallery. I tried to scream, but my dry lips and wuuaiuuuiu lutiu uuauuuu. xiiu uufe-jiuuuuuig of the room spun round, the walls and ceiling contracted as if they hod been crushing in upon me to destroy me. I foil heavily to the floor ; but as I fell I heard the phaeton- wheels upon the carriage-drive below, and Laurence Wendale's voice calling to the servants. I can remember little more that happened upon that horrible night. I have a vague recollection of opening my eyes upon a million dazzling lights which slowly resolved themselves into the one candle held in Lucy Wendale's hand, as she stood besido the bed upon which I was lying. My aunt wrapped in her dress ing-gown, sat by my pillow. My face and hair were dripping wet with tho vinegar-aud-water they had thrown over me, and I could hear Laurence, in tho corrider outside my bedroom door, asking again and again, " Is she better 1 Is she quite herself again ? " But of all this I wns only dimly conscious ! a load of iron seemed upon my forehead, and icy hands seemed riveted upon the back of my head, holding it tightly to the pillow on which it lay. I could no more have lifted it than I could have lifted a ton weight. I could only lay staring with stupid dull eyes at Lucy's pale face, silently wishing that she and my aunt would go and leave me to myself. I suppose I was feverish and a little light headed all that night, acting over and over again the brief scene of my meeting with the weird shadow of my lover. All the stories I had laughed at might be true, then. I have seen tho phantom of the man I loved, the horrible duplicate image of that familiar figure, shaped perhaps out of impalpable air, but as terribly distinct to the eye as if it had been a form of flesh aud blood. Lucy wus sitting by ray bedside when I awoko fi om a short sleep which had succeeded the long night of fever. How intensely re freshing that brief but dee) slumber was to me! How delicious the gradual fading out of the senses of horror and bewilderment, with all the hideous confusions of delirium, into the blank tranquillity of dreamless sleep ! When I awoko my head was still painful, and my frame as feeble as if I had lain for a week on a sick bed ; but my brain was cleared, und I was able to think quietly of what had happend. . "Lucy," I said, "you do not know what frightened me, or why; I fainted." " No, dearest not (exactly." "But you'ean know nothing of it, Lucy. You were not with me when' I came into this room last night. You did not see " I paused, unable to finish my sentence. " Did you see whom — or what, dear Isabel V' "The shadow of your brother Laurence." My whole frame trombled with the recollec tion of my terror of the night before, ns I said this ; yet I was able to observe Lucy's face, and I saw that its natural hue had faded to an ashen pallor. "The shadow, Isabel!" she said; not as if in any surprise at'my words, but rather as if she merely spoke because she felt obliged to mako some reply to me. , " Yes, Lucy," I said, raising myself upon the pillow, and grasping her wrist, " the shadow of your brother, Laurence. The living breath ing, moving image of your brother, with every lineament and every shade of colouring reflected in the phantom face as they would be reflected in a mirror. Not shadosvy, transparent, or vanishing, but distinct as you, are to me at this very moment. Good heavens ! Lucy, I gave you my solemn word that I heard tho phantom footsteps along the gallery as dis tinctly as I have ever heard the steps of Laurence himself ; the firm heavy tread of a strong man." Lucy Wendale sat for some time perfectly silent, looking straight before her, — not at me, but out of the half-open window, round which the ivy-leaves were fluttering, to the dim moorland melting into purple distance above the tree-tops in the park. Her profile was turned towards me ; but I could see by her firmly- compressed lips and fixed eyes that she was thinking deeply. Presently she said, slowly and deliberately, without once looking at me as she spoke, " You must be fully aware, my dearest Isabel, that these delusions aro of common occurrence with people of an extremely sensitive tempera ment. You may be one of these delicately- organised persons ; you had thrown yourself last night into a very nervous and hysterical state in your morbid anxiety about Laurence. With your whole mind full of his image, and tormented by all kinds of shadowy terrors about danger to him, what more likely than that you should conjuro up an object such as that which vou fancied vou saw last nicht l " "But so palpable, Lucy, so distinct !" " It would be as easy for the brain to shape a distinct as an indistinct form. Grant the possibility of optical delusion, — a fact estab lished by a host of witnesses, — aud you cannot limit the character of the delusion. But I must get our doctor, Mr. Arden to talk to you nbout this. He is something of a metaphysician as well as a medical man, and will be able to euro your mental ills and regulate this feverish pulse of yours at the same time. Laurence has ridden to York to fetch him, and I daresay they will both be here directly." "Luoy, remember you must never tell Laurence the cause of my last night's fainting fit." "I never shall, dear. I was about to make the very same request to you. It is much better that he should not know it." " Much better ; for 0, Lucy, do you remem ber that in all ghost-stories the appearance of the sh&dbw;, or doable, of a living person is a presage of death to that person P The thought of this brings back all my terror. My Laurence, my darling, if anything should happen to him !" " Come Bella, Mr. Arden must talk to you. In the meantime, here comes Mrs. Porson with your breakfast. While you are taking it, I will go to the library, and look for Sir Walter Scott's Demonology. You will find several instances in that book of the optiaal delusions I have spoken of." The housekeeper came bustling into the room with a breakfast-tray, which she placed on a table by the bed. When Bhe had arranged everything for my comfort, and prop, ped me up with a luxurious pile of pillows, she turned round to speak to Lucy. " 0, Miss Lucy," she said, " poor Beck is so awfully cut up. If you'd only just see him, and tell him " Lucy silenced her with one look ; a brief but all-expressive glance of warning and reproval. I could not help wondering what possible reason there could bo for making a mystery of some little trouble of James Beck's. Mr. Arden, the York surgeoD, was the most delightful of men. He oame with Lucy into my room, and laughed me out of my low nmrtfca Hftfnra Ha hn.H liAAn wiMi mo a nnftrffti of an hour. He talked so much of hysteria, optical delusions, false impressions of outward objects, abnormal conditions of the organ of sight, and other semi-mental, semi-physical infirmities, that he fairly bewildered me into agreeing with and believing all he said. "I hear you are a most acornplished horse woman, Miss Morley," he said, as he rose to leave us ; " and as the day promises to be fine I most strongly recommend a canter across the moors with Mr. Wendale as your oavalier. Go to sleep between this and luncheon ; rise in .time to eat a mutton chop and drink a glass of bitter ale ; ride for two hours in the sunniest part of the afternoon ; take a light dinner and go to bed early ; and I will answer for your seeing no more of the ghost. You have no idea how much indigestion has to do with those things. I daresay if I were to see your bill of fare for yesterday I should discover that Lady Adela's cook is responsible for the phantom, and that he made his first appearance among the entrees. Who can wonder that tho Germans are a ghost-seeing people when it is remembered that they eat raspberry-jam with roast veal ?" I followed tho doctor's advice to the letter ; and at three o'clock in the afternoon, Laurence and I were galloping across the moorland, tinged with a yellow hazy light in the Sep tember sunshine. Like most impressionable people, I soou recovered from my nervous shock ; and by the time I sprang from the saddle before the wide stone portico at Fern wood I had almost forgotten my terrors of the previous night. A fortnight after this my aunt and I left Yorkshire for Brighton, whither Laurence speedily followed us. Before leaving I did all in my power to induoe Luoy to accompany us, but in vain. She thanked ray aunt for her cordial invitation, but declared that she would not leave Fernwood. We departed, there fore, without having won her, as I had hoped to have done, from the monotony of her solitary life ; and without having seen Mr. Wendale's invalid dependent, the mysterious occupant of the west wing. Early in November Laurence was summoned from Brighton by the arrival of a black- bordered letter, written by Lucy, and telling him of his fathers death. Mr. Wendale had been found by bis servant, seated in his easy- chair in his study, with, his head lying back upon the cushions, and an open book1 on the carpet at bis feet, dead. -He had long suffered from disease of the heart. My lover wrote me long letters from York shire, telling me how his mother and sister bore the blow which had fallen upon them so suddenly. It was a quiet and subdued Borrow rather than any tempestuous grief, which reigned in the narrow circle nt Fernwood. Mr.' Wendale had been an invalid for many years, giving very little of his society to his wife and daughter. His death, therefore, though sudden, bad not been unexpected, nor did his loss leave any great blank in that quiet home. Laurence spent Christmas : at Fernwood, bnt returned to ns for the new year ; and it was then settled that we should go to Yorkshire early in February, in order to superintend the restoration and alteration of- the old place. All was arranged for our journey, when, on the very day on which we were to start, Laurence came to Onslow-square with a letter from his mother, which he had only just received. Lady Adela wrote a few hurried lineB to beg us to delay our visit for some days, as they had decided on removing Mr. William, before the alterations ' were corn- menced, to a cottage which was being pre pared for him near York. His patron's death did not leave the invalid dependent on tho bounty of Laurence or Lady Adela. Mr. Wendale had bequeathed a small estate, worth three hundred a year, in trust for the Bole use and benefit of this Mr. William Wendale. Neither Laurence nor I understooi why the money should have been left in trust rather than unconditionally to the man himself. But neither he nor I felt deeply interested in the subject ; and Laurence was far too careless of business matters, to pry into tho details of his succession. H knew himself to be the owner of Fernwood and of a handsome inoome, and that was all he cared to know. "I will not hear of this visit being delayed an hour," Laurence said impatiently, as he thrust Lady Adela's crumpled letter into his pocket. " My foolish mother and sister are really too absurd about this first or fifth cousin of ours, William Wendale. Let him leave Fernwood, or let him stay at Fernwood, just as he or his nurse or his medical man may please ; but I certainly shall not allow his arrangements to interfere with ours. So ladies, I shall be perfeotly ready to escort you by tho eleven o'clock express." Mrs. Trevor remonstrated, declaring that she would rathor delay our visit according to Lady Adela's wish ; but my impetuous Laurence would not hear a word, and, under a black and moonless February sky we drove up the avenue at Fernwood. We met Mr. Arden in the hall as we entered. There seemed something ominous in receiving our first greeting from the family doctor ; and' Laurence was for a moment alarmed by his presence. "My mother — Lucy!" he said anxiously; " they are well, I hope ?" "Perfectly well. I have not been attend ing them ; I have just come from Mr. William." " Is he worse ?" "I fear he is rather worse than usual." Our welcome was scarcely a cordial one, for both Lucy and Lady Adela were evidently embarrassed by our unexpected arrival. Their black dresses half-covered with crape, the mourning liveries of the servants,, tho vacant seat of the master, the dismal winter weather, and ceaseless beating of the rain upon the window-panes, gave a more than usually dreary aspect to tho place, and seemed to chill us to the very soul. Those who at any period of their lives have suffered some terrible and crushing affliction, some never-to-be-forgotten trouble, for which even the hand of Time has no- lessening influence, which increases rather than diminishes as the bIow course of a hope less life carries us farther from it, so that as we look back we do not ask ourselves why the trial seemed so' bitter, but wonder rathor how we endured even ns we did — those only who have sunk under such a grief as this can know how difficult it is to dissociate the period preceding the anguish from the hour in which it came. I Bay this lest I should be influenced by after-feelings when I describe the dismal shadows that seemed to brood over the hearth round which Lady Adela, ray aunt, Laurence, and myself, gathered upon the night of our return to Fernwood. (To he continued .) 