Local and General News. THE WEATHER.— There are now unmis- takeable signs that summer is fast approach- ing, some of them pleasing enough, but others decidedly objectionable to a few malcontents. The insect creation is fast finding itself wings, much to the disgust of sundry folks of sensi- tive temperaments, for the attentions of the innumerable little midges of all ages and sizes, with their musical accompaniments, are anything but desirable, though very de- voted. All nature seems to be rousing itself for action, and consequently there is much stir in the physical world. The quietness and soberness of winter, and the first gush of spring are over, having given place to what may be called the happy mean between these extremes. At all events everything and everybody seem to mean to be happy, and so they ought. The temperature, is delightful, and signs of coming prosperity smile every- where. True, there are a few grumblers — there always must be in this world — but they only tend to show the happiness and con- tentment of those who do not grumble, for grumblers are nuisances, because they generally choose to growl at supposed evils which cannot be removed, and they take a supreme delight in making others as miser- able as they themselves are. A mortal who could find in his heart to repine at the pre- sent charming state of the weather and of nature, may be set down as one who has lived quite long enough in this world, and the sooner his place is vacant, and he re- moved to another more consonant with his ideas, the better for all parties. There was a thunderstorm on Sunday afternoon, that is to say, there were two dashes of lightning, and three claps of thunder, more or less, with perhaps a score of big drops of rain, and a plenitude of clouds as black as Erebus. But the district of Singleton looked too fair and beantiful, no doubt, for such an untimely visitation, so the threatening deluge moved further on towards, we suppose, a less- favoured locality, and for hours afterwards the angry-looking clouds hung over the region of the lower portion of the Hunter's basin, apparently wreaking vengeance on the un- fortunate residents there, and on their possessions. A few persons afraid they would get wet, went home, a few others differently minded went out, and rejoiced in tbeir wisdom and bravery, while a good many, supremely indifferent, kept their places and had neither cause for regrets nor rejoicings. This was the extent of the damage done. The river has not yet recovered from the effects of its late excitement, for the water continues very muddy and undrinkable. SINGLETON CRICKET CLUB.— The Com- mittee of the Singleton Cricket Club held a meeting at the Caledonian hotel on Friday evening last. There were present:—Dr. H. Glennie, President; Mr. A. Bowman, Vice president, Messrs. J. H. Sheehan, W. Busby, J. Burke, R. H. Jarman, and Percy Waddy, Secretary. The minutes of the annual meet- ing were read and confirmed. It was re- solved that the Secretary should be instructed to communicate with the Secretary of the Albion Cricket Club at Maitland, informing him that the Club declined the proposal made in his letter with reference to the challenge cup for the Northern District, to be subscribed for by the three Clubs of Maitland, New- castle, and Singleton, on the ground that the latter Club was not in a position to con- tribute towards it. Mr. Burke proposed, and Mr. Jarman seconded:— "That the cup given by Mr. Dangar be competed for under the handicap system, similar to last season." Carried. Mr. Burke proposed, and Mr. Jar- man seconded:— "That the gold badge offered by the Club be given as a second prize in the same handicap and under the same rules as the Dangar Cup." Carried. It was next proposed by Mr. Busby, and seconded by Mr. Waddy:— "That the Presi- dent, Dr. Glennie, and Mr. A. E. Johnstone be appointed as the two handicappers for the cup and the other prize; and that the handi- cap as fixed by them be put in a sealed en- velope, and remain closed in the Secretary's hands till the season is over." Carried Mr. Waddy proposed, and Mr. Bowman man seconded:— "That Mr. Ralph Millar's prize of a gold badge for bowling be given to the bowler who is credited with the greatest number of wickets during the season in playing the cup matches with the Singleton Club." Carried. Mr. Sheehan intimated his intention to fulfil his promise of giving a pair of pictures, with leatherwork frames, for competition by the members, the conditions of the competition, and what given for, to re- main secret till the close of the season, but full particulars of the donor's intentions to be written out, and placed in the hands of the Secretary in a sealed envelope till the close of the season, and then to be opened by the President. The Secretary was instructed to arrange for a match of Married versus Single, to be played at the usual place, on the 17th instant. It was stated at the meeting that the Civil Service Cricket Club, of Sydney, intended to send a team to Maitland to play a match on the Prince of Wales Birthday, November 9, and it was suggested that the Club should if possible arrange with the team to come to Singleton on the following day, and play a match here also. The meeting terminated in the usual manner. PROPOSED NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH.— Owing to the smallness of the present Wes- leyan Church in this town, and the conse- quent want of accommodation for the congre- gation when staying there, it has been deemed expedient to set about erecting a new and larger building and for this purpose plans have been prepared and tenders are invited. Judging from the appearance of the present edifice, this action has not been taken before it was required — the building being small and unpretentious to the last degree. Liberal donations have been given, and others promised towards the erection of the new structure — many persons outside the pale of the Westeyan Church also contribu- ting their quota. The amount in hand, and that promised, including £250 from the Church Extension Society, has matched the large sum of something like £900 — and as the total cost of the new building is not expected to exceed £1400, it leaves only £400 to be raised to furnish the whole of the money required. We understand that a solitary member or two of the congregation, who have been worshipping in the present church for many years past, are somewhat wedded to the old bricks and mortar, and their antiquated views, and look upon the proposal for the election of a new church as an innovation, if it may be so termed — but, these, happily, are very few, while the ma- jority believe in advancing with the town, and in having a building that will be a credit to them as a denomination, and to the district. The plans have been carefully pre- pared by Mr. Thomas Rowe, architect, of Sydney, and show a beautifully designed church of the Gothic style of architecture, composed of free-stone. It is to be 58ft. x 32ft., and will comfortably seat 260 persons. At either side of the building will be a porch, 7 ft. x 7 ft., while the centre of the front will be ornamented by a spire about 66 ft. or 68 ft., in height. In this the bell will be placed. A vestry, 18 ft. 6 in. x 10 ft. 6 in. will be built at the back, with two doors leading into the church — the platform and desk being placed in between them. A substitution for the antedeluvian style of pulpit — a box resembling that of a witness box in a court-house, in which a minister is suposed to lock himself — is not the only improvement intended to be made in the new building, but the floor is to be on an easy gradient, descending towards the rostrum. This is a style generally adopted in modern churches, and found to confer many benefits upon the ministers and con- gregations, by allowing the whole of those present to see the minister and vice versa, and greatly facilitating the hearing of what is said, without one half the effort on the part of the speaker. Another improvement is also made, the centre seats being placed straight across the church, while those on the oppo- site skies of the aisles, near the walls, are at an angle, thus preventing the necessity there would otherwise be of those occupying those seats either turning their heads partly round, or sitting in an uncomfortable position. Be- tween the rostrum, and the centre pews, a place is allotted to the choir. The new building is to be erected on the site of the old church, in Elizabeth-street, and will be reached by steps — it being intended to have the floor raised three feet above the ground, as a preventive against being inundated by floods. There will be five windows on each side, including one in the porch and another in the vestry, and the building will be strengthened by buttresses. If the edifice on its completion looks anything like it does on paper — the plans which we have seen — it will be exceedingly pretty, and quite an ac- quisition to the finely-constructed buildings which already grace and adorn of the town of Singleton. The Rev. W. G. R. Stephinson, who is the resident minister of the Wesleyan Church in this town, is most active in his labours, and takes great interest in further- ing the views of his congregation by every means in his power. DEBATE AT THE SCHOOL OF ARTS.— It is announced by advertisement in another column of this journal, that a debate upon the question of the taxation of Me- chanics' Institutes and kindred institu- tions, will take place at the Mechanics' In- stitute to- morrow evening, commencing at 8 o'clock. The debate will be opened by the Rev. Dr. White, M.A., L.L.D., reading an Essay maintaining that such institutions should not be subject to municipal taxation. As this debate is brought about by the Singleton Municipal Council's refusing to refund the amount paid by the Mechanics' Institute for taxes this year, and by some of the Aldermen expressing their disapproval of the line of conduct pursued by the Commit- the of the Institute — a report of which ap- pears in our last issue — the debate will, no doubt, be of an interesting and animated character. Being thus surrounded with local interests, we anticipate seeing a large attendance at the debate. The admission on the occasion is announced to be free. SUPPOSED TO BE DROWNED.— Intelligence reached town on Monday that a lad named David Wolfgang, who was employed fencing, at Cheshunt Park, was sup- posed to be drowned. From the particulars to hand it appears that the youth left the Park on Sunday week to visit his parents, on horseback — having to cross the river to do so. On Monday he set out on his return, but was advised by some person he met not to attempt the river as it was "up." He has not since been seen — it being thought by the parents that their son had returned to his work, and by his mate, a man named McGilvary, that he was remaining at home until the river regained its level. His horse having been found on Monday, without a saddle on, caused enquiries to be made, which led to the conjecture that in crossing the Hunter, on his return to work, he must have been drowned. Information has been given to the police, and search made for the body, but without success, and Wolfgang has not since been heard of. A STREET CORNER SKETCH.— Informa- tion has reached us, let the reader not mind how, of a certain little incident which oc- curred not so long back as January last, and not more than a thousand miles from Single- ton — we might say it was much nearer than that, but then we always like to be as precise as possible. So much for the month, and the place — nothing could be more exact. Now for the hour and the day. The day was a Saturday night, and the hour the last hour of that night. But as a month, a place, a night, and a specified hour will not make an incident, we must have some persons. Of these there were not a hundred quite, but there may have been twelve. Tot homines, quot sententce. So in this case. There were many minds, but there were two principal — the one being "I will!" and the other, plainly, "you sha'n't!" The conclusion is obvious. Though differing in this respect they agreed in another, and forthwith arms and shoulders were braced up, and the mus- cular powers of the two were speedily brought into operation, each devoting his energies to battering the carcase of the other, till at length one of the disputants (we do not know whether it was "I will," or "You sha'n't"), found himself measuring his length on the earth, which here, strangely enough for a street corner, happened to be grassy. This kind of argument seemed to be conclusive, as far as physical abuse was concerned, so our fallen hero, to show he was still wedded to his former opinion that "he would" or that the other "shouldn't," having raised himself, forthwith had recourse to his former weapon, which is said to "set on fire the course of nature." The consequence was that a wordy war ensued, and notwithstand- ing the excellent advice given by some of the bystanders, who began by this tune to fear an awkward termination to the affair, the midnight air was made to convey far and wide such kindly expressions as follow. The reader must imagine the tone in which they were uttered, for the fallen warrior pitched his voice in a high key, and piped out, "you hit me with a brickbat, you did"; "you hit me down twice." "No, he didn't!" and "yes he did," and "you're another," followed in quick succession. "If you want to thrash me, do it fairly, not like a sneak." "You're a marked man; before a fortnight's over you'll get your head split open with a brickbat!" This pleasing as- surance elicited the remark that, "If I do, I'll know where to come to." It here struck a bystander that "they had had enough of it," but the two friends seemed to think differently. One observed that the other hadn't known him long enough yet to which that other replied by politely promising to speedily perfect his acquaintance, meanwhile he would "show him what he could do." An expression of contempt sounding like hr-r-r-r-! rang out on the startled air, and would have frightened a ghost had one been without hearing. Further reference was made to the potent brickbat in connexion with a fractured occiput, and the two remained snarling for some time like two courageous dogs over a marrow-bone. The remon- strances of the equally courageous indivi- duals surrounding them, served for a while to add to the intensity of their mutual expres- sions of regard, and the temptations to "go" for each other again was with some difficulty resisted. The element of curiosity caused one or more of the softer sex to be like Eliza of Minden renown, "spectatresses of the fight," though the midnight darkness had the effect of limiting the range of their vision is some degree, but we hope that the words they heard with their outward ears were not subsequently prejudicial to their night's re- pose, for from what we can learn, the lan- guage used was not of an elevating character. It is to be hoped the heroes of the above ad- ventures have ere this seen the errors of their ways, and that we shall not hear any more about the brickbat. KANGAROOS AND WILD HORSE SHOOT- ING.— We were shown on Monday a number of kangaroo skins of extraordinary size, which have just been brought down from Keepit station, in the Namoi district, by Mr. Bryce Hawthorne, who for the last nine weeks has been making terrible havoc amongst those fleet marsupials, and doing not a little execution also amongst the wild horses in that district, the hides and hair of which have well repaid the hunter for his trouble. Mr. Hawthorne has brought with him 332 kangaroo skins, and 168 horse hides. He reckons that he shot some 300 more kangaroos, by the number laying dead about the scene of his exploits, but these were not found till too far gone to admit of being skinned. One of the latter animals shot was of immense size, measuring 10 feet 6 inches from tip of nose to end of tail, and four feet six across the buttocks. Mr. hawthorne reckons he has considerably outdone the gentleman at Goulburn, who boasted of having killed the largest kangaroo in New South Wales when he shot one measuring some 8 feet 6 inches. The skin of this one, which is of the red species, was bought by Mr. Blaxland, for 10s. Mr. Hawthorne showed us other very large skins of different shades of color. The cost of tanning these hides in Singleton is said to be five shillings if the hair is kept on. A hundred or two skins at this rate would be worth a trifle. BUILDING SOCIETY.— The usual monthly meeting of the Singleton Building and In- vestment Society was held on Monday evening last, when the stun of £156 9s. 1d. was paid in for members' subscriptions, and redemption moneys. Mr. H. P. Stacy was the receiving Director. WARKWORTH POUND.— It appears that the poundkeeper at Cockfighter (Wark- worth), has abandoned his pound, and we understand that instructions have been given to the police to lay an information against him for so doing, in order that another pound- keeper may be appointed. THE LATE CUSTOMS OFFICER AT BOURKE.— We learn from the Central Aus- tralian of the 26th ultimo, that the body of Mr. James Maloney, late officer of Customs stationed at Bourke, was found floating in the Darling River, on the 19th September. An inquest was held, but there was no evidence to show how deceased came by his death, and the jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned." Dr. Grant in the course of his evidence, stated that on Sunday night, the 13th ultimo, he met Maloney about 11 p.m., near the Bank in Mitchell-street; was first walking abreast of the doctor and then crossed in front; he had his hands on his head, and stopped when called out to; had no hat on, and his coat was torn up the back, on the left side; the night was dark and stormy, and it was by the light of the lantern carried by Dr. Grant that he knew him; the latter advised him to go home but he made no answer. The deceased was much re- spected by all who knew him, both in Syd- ney and Bourke. His funeral was the largest ever seen in Bourke. He leaves a widow to lament her loss, and for whom much sym- pathy is expressed at Bourke. Mr. Maloney was formerly teacher of the Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Denominational School in Sydney. STOCK MOVEMENTS.— The Stock Move- ments at Jerry's Plains for the week ending 5th October, have been as follows:— 30th September, 1700 fat sheep to Sydney, from Bando station, owners, Messrs. White, in the charge of Mr. John Mason. 30th Sep- tember, 148 fat cattle to Maitland, from Merriwa; owner Mr. A. Johnstone, in charge of Mr. Maurice Ryan. 1st October, 150 fat cattle to Sydney, from Woodlands, owners Messrs. Sullivan and Simpson; in charge of Mr. John Hopkins, 1st October, 109 store cattle to Maitland, from the Goulburn River, in charge of the owner, Mr. William Kirk. 2nd October, 146 fat cattle to Sydney, from Walhollow, owners Messrs. J. B. Christian and Co.; in charge of Mr. P. Plunkett. 2nd October, 120 fat bullocks to Sydney, from Jerry's Plains; owner Mr. James York, in charge of Mr. Thomas Chalker. 2nd October, 36 fat cattle from Jerry's Plains, to Maitland; owner Mr. Henry York, in charge of Mr. Maurice Ryan. 3rd October, 300 fat bullocks (2 lots) from Breeza; owner Mr. John MeElhone; in charge of Mr. John Conlon. 3rd October, 100 store cattle from Hall's Creek to Maitland; owner Mr. James Peberdy, in charge of Mr. John Hornery. ADVERTISING PROVERBS.— It advertising is worth having it's worth paying for. Don't expect an advertisement to bear fruit in a single night, like the prophet's gourd. Ad- vertise as you would angle for fish; drop your lines in the places. People that advertise only once in six months seem to forget that most people cannot remember anything longer than six days. BENEFITS OF ADVERTISING.— The Ameri- can Newspaper Reporter says:— "You may dig potatoes all day and all night, but you cannot look over the advertising columns of your local paper without finding the names of the most enterprising men in your place; and you cannot look them over without find- ing something that you want. If you lose a watch, a dog, or a child, or if you desire people not to trust your wife, you rush to your local paper, that everyone will read the advertisement. But you will plod along in business year after year, with- out calculating how much you are losing by not advertising it. The slow men of busi- ness, who fear to risk a dollar in advertising, should be reminded that it is in no way im- mical to life, has never been known to poison anybody, and would not harm the youngest child." 