ENGLISH EXTRACTS. DEADLY STRUGGLE ON A TIGHT ROPE. Little did the tens of thousands of men, women, and children who thronged the public square of Agram, Croatia, on the 15th August last, anticipate that they were about to witness a spectacle such as has perhaps never been seen before—a mortal struggle in mid-air. The occasion of the gathering was a performance on the tight-rope. The acrobats —Andreas Kolter and Francis Pergowitch—were to appear on the rope, which had been stretched from the fifth story of the court-house to a window in an opposite house, a distance of 250 feet. The acrobats were to meet midway, and then to pass each other. When the clock struck twelve the acrobats emerged from their respective win- dows, dressed in tights, and without balance poles. Kolter walked rather cautiously, while Pergowitch came to meet him, from the opposite direction, with a nervous quick step. At last they met, and the suspense of the crowd underneath changed the next moment to a feeling of indescrib- able horror. Pergowitch suddenly uttered an angry exclamation, and dealt Kolter a terrible blow on the head. Kolter staggered and fell, but in so doing succeeded in clutching the rope with one hand, while with the other he grasped the left leg of his assailant. Pergowitch now fell likewise, but passed his right arm around the rope, so that he hung upon it in comparative security. And now began a life and death struggle. Kolter, with his right band, then tried to drag Pergowitch from the rope, while Per- gowitch kicked Kolter with his right foot, and with his left hand endeavoured to loosen his antagonist's hold. No one was able to interfere, and the result, it was easy to foresee, must be the death of one or both the acrobats. Many women fainted, while strong men wept like children. What added to the general despair was the appearance of Kolter's young wife at the open window, from which her husband a few moments before had set out upon his fatal walk. Her piteous screams were heard above the din be- low, and her appeals to Pergowitch to spare her hus- band's life would have moved the heart of an Apache. The struggle in mid-air lasted perhaps a minute, when Kolter suddenly uttered a last cry and lost his hold. He fell to the ground, striking it violently and expiring instantly. While the people gathered around the corpse of poor Kolter, his murderer on the tight-rope managed to get on his feet again. With a diabolical expression on his face he uttered a yell of triumph. The Prefect of Police ordered Pergowitch to surrender. In case he would not do so within five minutes he would be shot down like a dog. Finally he raised himself to his feet and ran quickly to the court-house window, where he surrendered, begging that he might be protected from violence. There was great danger of his being executed by the people, who loudly clamoured that the murderer be given up to them ; but the military, by a bayonet charge, cleared the public square. Pergowitch being asked what caused him to perpetrate this crime, said there had been a grudge between him and Kol- ter ever since the latter had married young Rosita Serganoff, a Polish girl of rare beauty. Kolter, in a fit of jealousy, had told him he knew one or the other must die on this account. Andreas Kolter was the youngest member of the distinguished family of acrobats of that name. The Agent-General for New South Wales was defendant in an action, Brocklebank v. Cowper, heard in the Lord Mayor's Court recently. The plaintiff, a shipping clerk, sued the defendant, Sir Charles Cowper, as agent for the New South Wales Government, for damages for wrongful dismissal. Mr. Salter appeared for the plaintiff, but defendant's counsel was not able to appear till the close of the case. The claim was for £100, the amount of a year's salary, and defendant had paid two months' salary into court, a two months'notice being what he considered reasonable. The plaintiff stated that he was formerly engaged as head clerk and shipping clerk to Messrs. Merry and Willis, who in 1872 were agents to the Government of New South Wales. He was to have a salary of £180, increasing by incremente of £10 to £200. The agency had since been transferred to Sir Charles Cowper, and the office was then re- moved from the city to Westminster. As it was necessary for the shipping business of the agency to be carried on in the city, defendant arranged with plaintiff that he should relinquish his duties as head clerk, and take an office on his own account in the city, where he was to get what he could for himself, and also transact the shipping business of the Go- vernment, for which he was to receive £100 a year. He had recently been dismissed, the reason assigned being " incompetency," but no further explanation was offered to him by defendant. He claimed a year's notice under a verbal agreement, which he said he made with the defendant when the change took place. The common Serjeant, in summing up, said that the plaintiff in claiming what was " reasonable" as a notice, took into account the responsibilities of engaging offices in the city, which he had entered into at the instance of the defendant. He had also lost the advantage of his connection with the Go- vernment in obtaining customers for himself. The defendant was not represented, and the jury found for the plaintiff. At the Assize Court of the Charente Inférieure dur- ing the speech of counsel for a prisoner accused of theft, one of the jury exclaimed, " I see a ghost," and gave such evident signs of raving madness that the presiding judge declared the case could not go on, and the jury were discharged. The trial will be re-commenced at the next sessions. "The most expensively dressed man I ever saw," writes a captain in the navy, " was an African chief on the Gold Coast. His wives had anointed bim thoroughly with palm oil, and then powdered him from head to foot with gold dust. You never saw in your life a man got up so ' utterly regardless of expense.' " On March 14 an inquest was held by Mr. C. Aspinall on the body of James Chapell, 43 years old. In Oc- tober, 1872, the deceased was admitted into the Liverpool Workhouse, suffering from scurvy. He then stated that he had been apprenticed to a chemist, and that he was a native of Portsmouth. While in the workhouse he was employed as an assistant in the receiving house. About a month ago he was dressing and curing a hare skin, and a week after an abscess came on a finger of his right hand. He com- plained of being poisoned by the skin, and went into the hospital a day or two after, where he died on Thursday. The medical evidence was to the effect that death had resulted from the effects of abscesses, consequent upon the recent introduction of foreign matter into the system through a small abrasion on the hand. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. 