\- DUKE OF KDINHUHOU'S MAUUIAOE. [OAllt.K IlfcSl'ATCit.] ¡ RT. Pisriírtsnuna, JANUAIIV 23 ÚU.-Tho mar- riage eoremony of tlio Dttko of Edinburgh and tho Princess Mnria commenced nfc noon to-day, in tho prrsonco of n vast assemblage of guests,' in tho Wintur Polaco and tho various galleries. Tho Indios were sumptuously attired, tho pre- vailing costumes, particularly of J'usniati ladies, wero velvet ami diamonds. Tho mon wero in uniform, with tito exception of tho American Diplomatists. After nssombling, a procession was formed with tho Grand Equerries, Cham borluins.and other officers of tho Court leading, then carno tho Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prineo and Princess of Wales, tho Princess Imperial of Gormnny anti Dontnnrlf, and Prince Arthur. 'Thon carno tho brido and bridogroom who woro tho Hnssinn naval uniform. The brido was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson vol vet mantle, trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. ITor train wns horno by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of tho Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. Tho Imperial liussian Prineo woro tho uniform of Cuirassiers, tho Prineo of Wales tho scarlet British uniform, tho Prussian Prineo imperial i that of'a Prussian Colonel. All woro deeoratod ' with tho Uiiasian Ordor of St. Andrew Tho Princess of Wides was dressed in dnrlt crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl noeklneo. Tho Imperial German Princoss was dressed tn tho same stylo. The Hussian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prineo Arthur neted as ono of thc groomsmen. All woro silver wedding favours. . Tho procession, upon reaching the liiiasian Church, waa received by tho Metropolitan Head nf tho Jiussian Church of thu Holy Synod, boaritig crosaoa and saerod vessels with holy water. Tho Empororecntiueted tho brido nnd bridegroom to tho middlo of the church, mumming his station, with the Empress imme- diately behind, Around thu bridegroom stood Prince Arthur nud tho Grand Dukes. The wodding rings, borno on gulden salvers,-wore deposited on tko altar temporarily, until placod ou tho fingers of thu brido ami bridogroom. Tho magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumcrablo wax candles; tho Door waa covered willi velvet, crimson and gold carpet; tho pillars rind altar wore covered with gold. Tho Greek marriage eotomony waa unique in tho absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers I wero given during tho service. Tho crowns wero I hold suspended over tho heads of tho bridal pair,-Prineo Arthur holding tho crown over tho Duke of Edinburgh, and Prineo Sergius that over tho bride. The Imperial Confessor then said : "Thou servant of God, Alfred Earnest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Eather, thc Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding tho heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to tho Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded thu marriage at Cana of Gallilcu was read. The Crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding to the tip of thc confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in thc other. At thc conclusion of this ceremony the sacra- mental cup was brought forward, blessed mid partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting thc cross, which both kissed. Afterwards thu choir sang " Glory lo Thee, O Lord ! " concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek Services. Tho procession then slowlv formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for thc Anglican service. Denn Stanley, of AVestiniuistor Abbey, ofiicioted. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solcuiui/.ation of thc Greek church service, wore u Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat. and gown, and who now ap- peared on the altar wearing nu Episcopul surplice with a jewelled collat of the Oilier ol' thu Halli around his neck, was assisted bj' two resident English clergymen. Both thc American and thu English colony were gathered on the lett of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewitt, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister and Diplomatic officials. ¡Many English officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was the vencr ablePrince Gurlshakuif surrounded by leading member* of the Hussain nobility. The lipiscopnl chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses When the marriage procession entered, thu bride walked between her father and thu bride- groom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, thu Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined itt the Book of Common Prayer. Thc delivery of the fi mil bénédiction, " God thc Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost- bless, preserve, and keep von," was especially touching. Thu services lieing concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly-married couple. Several lioinnu Catholic dignitaries were présent. Tho bride looked earnest, sweet, lair-faced; tho bride- groom grave, self- possessed. Thu Princess ol' Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. Tho German Crown Princess looked healthy-thu image of her mother, Queen Victoria. Thu Prince of Wides was apparently on excellent terms willi thu Herman Prince, and both looked well. During thc ceremony in the English çhuplj tuc empress',of RussW being a confined-invalid and fntigued, seeincd over- come and ruade u motion of holding a hand- kerchief to her eyes when thc ihnrried;,'couplu saluted her. . The ceremony being concluded," thc crowd 'dispersed. 'Chere was only n limited display'pf popularenth'usiatim. ; An illumination of che public.squares toole plucc, and the''general fi.couc wua one of 'splendid festivity. The service ' 'formed; an','extra- ordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the mnrringe rites there was a banquet at the Pulticc, mid subsequently a bull ut the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal ¿ouplc; were formally' marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied hy the Emperor and officers of thc Court. Tho festivities were continued after the retirementof the happy couple, tho Emperor being present. 