THE ODDFELLOWS' PICNIC AT GAWLER. The Manchester Unity of Oddfellows held their annual picnic at Gawler on New Year's Day. To some the idea of holiday making in the open air on such a day was foolish. Possibly it was, but it no less remains a fact that there was a very large attendance at this picnic, and that many of those who attended obtained a certain amount of enjoyment. There were drawbacks in the way, but the excursionists set themselves solidly down to enjoy themselves, and tried hard to fancy they were succeeding in the at- tempt. The ordinary terms used in describing heat would be comparatively feeble to give any idea, of what was experienced at Gawler. There was hardly a ghost of a breeze, and Old Sol poured down his rays with a fiery fervor fearful to feel. The idea of athletic sports on such a day! And yet there were found a large number participating in these, while the weaker sex, not to be outdone, danced vigorously. The quantity of gingerbeer drunk, or rather the empty bottles in Martin's booth at the close of the day, was something wonderful to contemplate. A Good Templar would have rejoiced if the marring effect of the empty beer casks had not been introduced; Order, with a few trivial exceptions, prevailed throughout, and every one seemed pretty good humored, though the heat was said to be "enough to provoke a saint." A saint could, indeed, stand a good dea- of provoca- tion if Thursday's heat did not draw from him a murmur. Three trains took the excursionists to the grounds of the Hon, W; Duffield, M.L.C., on the banks of the Para. The first left at 9 30, the second half-an-hour later, while the third started at 12.30. This was a very good arrangement, and, indeed, the whole of the arrangements were well carried out. The journey up was unmarked by any noteworthy incident; indeed, it was felt by some to be rather monotonous. On arrival at the grounds the pic- nicers distributed them selves about, the majority making for the shade of the trees. Some wan- dered up and down the river, and selected sites for enjoying their luncheon, while others made for the refreshment booths. The athletic sports had been well arranged, and were carried out in good time. Some of the events were closely contested, and the handicapping gave much satisfaction.. Shrader's Band was in attendance, and gave selections of dance and other music. The customary means of amuse- ment at such gatherings were provided, and they were fairly patronised, though during the middle of the day the most popular oooupation seemed to be resting under the gum trees and contemplating nature. Swings, blindfold games, and so on were kept going during the afternoon, and a reasonable amount of amusement was obtained by those who sought earnestly and hardly for it. The catering was under the superintendence of Host Martin, of the Globe Hotel, Gawler, and there were several refresh- ment booths and fruit stalls. The Committee kindly provided, free of charge, a, plentiful supply of water for the benefit of the thirsty, who preferred water to any stronger beverage. Shortly before 6 o'clock two-thirds at least of the picnicers started for the station, and two long trains were soon filled. Of course the usual difficulties in filling up were experienced. There were some who displayed utter selfish- ness and want of consideration for others, and crammed themselves hastily and unceremoni- ously into the trucks. A little thought would easily have convinced them that there was ample accommodation, and that their end would be gained just as quickly and as well by less hastiness and a little more thought for the feelings of others. The Station-Master and guards at Gawler, by tact and good temper, succeeded in preventing much unpleasantness ; and the fact that no accident occurred reflects great credit upon the railway officials. The trains reached the city in good time, and the majority of the excursionists went home, being tired with the day's exertions. This makes the 12th picnic of the Order, and the 5th that has been held at Gawler. It was estimated that there were about 1,500 persons on the ground. The proceeds are devoted to a fund for some charitable purpose, the character of which a Committee of the Order will have to decide upon, An amount of £300 is now in hand, and £400 was handed over to the Widow and Orphan Fund before the separate fund was created, Mr. DufHeld's kindness in lending the use of his grounds to the Order has generally been ac- knowledged by a deputation on the occasion of the picnic, but the officers were so busy on Thursday that they had not time for this, and Mr. Driffield's courtesy will be acknowledged by letter. The exertions of the officers to make the picnic a success deserve mention; and the courtesy of the hon, Secretary of the Race Committee (Sir. G. W. Miller) deserves special comment. The following is a list of the events:— Judge—Mr, D. Lithgow; Handicapper, S. G. Kingston. Flat Race.—100 yards, £1 1s., presented by Dr. Gunson; second, 10s. 6d. , presented by the Mayor (Mr. W. D. Allott). Three entries. T. Beadnall, first;; J. Brackenbridge, second. Flat Race.—200. yards. For sons of members of Order under 14. Opera glass, value £1 10s., presented by Mr. C. Balk, J.P.; second, 10s. 6d., presented by Mr. V. Dumas. Three entries. C. James, first; J. Fitzgerald, second. Fitzgerald protested against James receiving first prize on the ground that he was over the age specified. Handicap Hurdle Race.—440 yards, over 10 hurdles 3 feet 3 inches high.- £3 3s , presented by Haussen & Catchlove; second, £1 1s., pre- sented by Mr. J. C. Bray, M.P, ; third, 10s. 6d., presented by Mr. T. Ballantyne. Nine entries. B. Furnell (15 yards), first; T. Beadnall (17 yards) and T. Blinman (18 yards) tied, and divided the strkes (sic) between them. Handicap Flat Race,—440 yards. For mem- bers of the Order. £3 3s., presented by Mr. J. Primrose; second, gold studs, presented by Mr. J. M. Wendt. Five entries. J. Bracken bridge, first; C. Goodfellow, second. Both started from scratch. Handicap Flat Race,—220 yards. Gold locket, value £1 10s,, presented by Mr. W. Becker; second, sleeve links, value 15s., pre- sented by Mr. E. M. Bagot. Eight entiies. W. A. Hubble (10 yards), first; J. Greatrex (8 yards), second. Handicap Flat Race.—One mile. Silver Cup, value £5 5s., presented by Mr. W. K. Simms, M.P.; second, sleeve links, presented by Mr. J. Davis. Twelve entries. R. Duncan (55 yards), first ; T. Sisman (20 yards), second. Walking Match,—400 yards. For members of the Order over 50 years. Silver- mounted Malacca cane, value £110s.; second, 10s. 6d., presented by P. G. Dearman. Three entries, F. Frankel, first; D. Lithgow, second. Handicap Walking Match.—One mile. £2 2s., presented by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.; second, £1 1s,, presented by Mr. W. St. L. Gordon; third, cigar case and contents, value 10s. 6d.., presented by Mr. E. Benda. Four entries. J. G. Hawkes (60 yards), first; H. Hawkes (scratch), second; T. Green (40 yards), third. Flat Race.—300 yards. Fancy belt, value £1 5s., presented by Mr. A. Domeyer; second, 10s. 6d, presented by Mr. H. Domeyer. Six entries, T. Beadnell, first; P. J. Kitson second. Handicap Flat Race.—220 yards,, For mem- bers' sons under 18 years. Silver cup, value £3 3s,, presented by the Judge, Mr. D. Lith- gow ; second, silver pencilcase, value 15s., pre- sented by Bro. D. George. Three entries. W. Goodfellow (3 yards), first; S. R. Criddle (5 yards), second. Handicap Flat-Race —150 yards. Gold scarf pin, value £1 5s., presented by Mr. Trew; second, Northern Territory cane, silver-mounted, value 10s. 6d., presented by Bro. Thorpe, of the Albion Lodge. Twelve entries, T. Bead- na'l (6 yards), first; H. James (2 yards), second, James protested against Beadnall re- ceiving the first prize, for jostling during the race. Spoon Race.—50 yards, 15s.; second, gold pin, presented by Mr. J. Hanton. Ten entries. Mehrtens, first; A. W. Jones, second. 