DICKENS. In jiraisiug or disiiraisiiig a novelist like Bickcns, Avriters not infrequently drift into ex tremes — admirei-s exaggerating his beauties, ' and detractors magnifying his faults. vSiiiee the death of this celebrated author, iieAA'spapers and magazines have teemed Avitli tributes to bis memory, both iii ijrosc .and aerse. Like those Avritteu in memory of Thackeray, their tone has been- that of d'eeji sorrow and regret for, one suddenly taken from a Avorld in Aimicb ho Avas loA'cd for his Avorks — AA'orks so familiar ahd poinilar everyAA'he're, in the' .jjalace, in 'the cottage, at home and .abroad, on land, and upon the ocean (for Dickens Avas.and is. a favourite Avith sailors). If teans and laughter haA'e a place in our memory, Dickens aa'ill not easily be forgotten by those Avbo liaA'o read his Avorks ; and sucli as haA'p read but his " David Copper- lield" Avill never forget the tears that fell on the pages aa'hich record the long and Aveary search after lost Emily by her brave, kind, and big- hearted uncle, or the roam of laughter provoked ' by tlie creditor-heset MicaAvber and his' faithful spoUse and tAvina. (Of course, 1 do not refer to those ihansceptible beings aa'Iio can sit like soul less 2)aving-stoncs aa'hilc rc.ading such x>athetic aa'orks.) Dickens, too, 'claims the name ot a social reformer ; for his blunt and fearless ex posures of certain evils, abuses, and nuisances, liad the eff'ect.pf arousing the attention of the xmblic, Avlueli ultimately resulted in their dis appearance and' total extinction. As a mighty 'master for moving human natiiro to laugh, Aveep, and to admire the true and simiile Avhile detest ing the false and cunning, it Avpuld be difficult to say too much in praise of the author of tha "Christmas Carols';" but it is quite pbsrible _fo; Avriters to fall into the error of beautifyin; Dickens with virtues aa-liicli ho may notliav. possessed, and of investing him with a cbaractc Avhich he never had, nor over betrayed tin slightest pretension of assuming— that of : Christian Avriter. I think I admiro Dickens as much as any ol my acquaintances ; audi Avillirigly say, , Let tin objectionable passages of his Avovks be weighetl Avitk bis noble ones — and the latter aa'ill lire- ponderate ! But saj' this' is' not to claim foi Dickeiis, as a Avriter, the exalted charactei which, your cpiTespoiidents "Thistle." ami R.B." have bestoAved,U2)on liim. It ,is very true th.at Dickens, Avhile uiimasking the hypo- brite, 'has also pictured the triie and kind. Bui his ' qiictures of kindhcarted honest men, and Avomch, liOAvever, admirable, iio more claim foi ,him the title of "a trueUhristi.an" (or a Chris tian Avritcr) than his merciless treatnient ot can I aiid hypocrisy proA'Cs his hatred of religion br.o ministers. He held uxi ' to scorn (and vor properly) the caiitingJiyp'oerite ; Init this i.s ik jtroof that he detciited Christian qiaraons. Hi paraded Virtue, adqrned in lier brightest attri bnteS ; but this doe's.iibt entitle lain to a'liighc rank than a moral artist. He ' did' as a novelist ,tn . some extent, 'Avhat Shakespeare did .as .i driMiiatic poet. He looked through the .deed of iucu" froni every 'angle of a-icAy, exco'ptiuj ''ffbhViiuo' ; and that one 'iyas'the lofty'emiiienc- 'bf Chi'iatiamty.' ' This Avill-not be disputed b; those aa'ho - do not coi'ifound' Cliristiaiiity . aa'iti luprality. A luiui may; he .strictly .moral,,. ain hot bb .a Cliristian ; . biit a man cannot; .be ' Chrisiiah who is hiil; also inoral.- Addison of oI speaks of the -keeper of Elysium taking compai ision upon- ai. siiuxile hbnacArife ' who, 'on hein asked for. her qualifieations for adniission int (Pagan) Heav;on, repjied th.-it she hod reared . largo family and had he vor injurbd ariybhe. I ouroAA'n day Thei'h are riia'ny -'811011' Avomen ; hr surcly .there is aidistiiictibn hetAveen .Hie 'ine- life," .andthe nati ve .excellencies of earth. rTh distinction, moreover, . is A'.ery impcrtant, s kindheartediiess, siiiiplicity. " and ' honesty (tl eliaractcristics of 'the ihinistfers referred 'io h ! I'Thistle " and - "R;B.") are often confonnde i with that Bspiritaallifo " which V comes f rb; i.aUiA'e," and, ;\vhicl),, thereforPj is no. de\'olo I hiept of hnniaii gobdiiess. '. - While it, is possibie'. that' "Thistle" 'aT-. ' " R.B." may liiiA'c- cohfoiiu'ded! the ohdwith tJ I other,'.it is: also. possible that your IhirU'correi I pendent, J,'' J>C., .may haye..rnhreasonabiy .e pected to find in the novelist's AVorks characters mirroring what he calls "true disciples of Christ." Dickens never attonijited such a task. To ministers and professedly Christian Avritcrs he left the treatment of spiritual snbjccls. Indeed, hn never entered the domain of religious liter.ature in any profound sense ; . and the most lovc.able of his characters ai'c adorned Avitli the beauties Avliich belong to our native humanity — ' not Avith tho graces that emauatn from a higher sphere. Confining himself to this Avorld .and the things that: belong to it and oa'cii bis Christmas ghosts belong to this strange eartli of ours), he never attempted to -rise above the province of a luimnuri.st, soci.al refonncr, and moralist ; and in his particular province ho has soared to a height transccndally /above cither his xiredecessors or coiitemijoraries'. Why should avo cxjiect to find in the Avorks of Dickens things AA'hich ho never jirofessed to Avrite? And if aa'c discoA'er anything in them Avhieh Ave could. Avish to JniA'e heou blotted out, let us not forget that his aa'ritiiigs are fraught Avitli characters and) scn- tinicnts that command our admiration and dcencst nratitnde. DAYLIGHT. 