SfcORTltfG NOTES. The sporting folk of the ancient fishing village were favoured with most glorious weather last Saturday for their annual races, which this year, owing to tbe efforts of Messrs. Howling and Lang- horne and the liberality of the Messrs. Ohirnside and others, were on a much more pretentious scale than they hare been since the days when Williamatown was the head-quarters of one of the crack stables of the colony. As usual many people fotinfl their way out to the course by rail way to North Williamstown and the Junction, and thence by oar, but having a lively recollec tion of several rough walks, owing to the inability of the cars to carry everyone, we decided upon being for once like the ancient M'Leans, and, if not a boat, hate at- l$ast a irap of oiir own. A party of fonr was made np accordingly, and hiring a comfortable trap and a pair of smart !__ m /n i v. # wr . « > loosing Days irom weorge u-iasscocx, ok jxirs s Bazaar, we set out on our travels. " Is it safe, George, to try the new road across the steam ferry ?" quoth one of the party. " I dunnow, but you had better go the road , you know for though that is bad enough, t don't want you to come back and tell me the poaies and buggy are in the Yarra." This chiming in with our own views, we decided upon trying the old track, and were rewarded for our pains with an exceed - ingly pleasant daivr. A good metal road as far as Footscray, and then a hard bush track iu capital order for the rest- of the journey, was not to be despised when yda had A pdir of nice stepping nagfe going ten diiles kn hotiif, and a delightfully fresh breeze blowing in your face all tbe way. Beyond a slight divergence from the road, owing to (he superior knowledge of one of the party who professed to being a ndtive of the plains, we arrived safely at our destination, and found already assembled a goodly crowd of about 1,500 people. Upon making inquiry as to those who had tried the new road across tbe Yarra, we found that ita had escaped a godd thing, as (he sand was eo heavy in places as to necessitate the voyageurs getting out to walk. The appurten ances of the course were quite equal to the oceasion. A grand stand, quite large enough for the requirements of the visitors, had been erected, as it was principally patronised by Melbourne racing men, and at no time during the day were there above a couple of hundred people on it. The starter was happy in his efforts, the judging was good, there were no protests, the favourites won, and all went merry as a marriage bell. Proceedings opened with the Maiden Plate, which introduced us to Ella, Ariel, and Caprimungus, a useful trio of three-year- olds, which Will all be heard of again. Tbe first is the full sister to Dagworth and A1 which was purchased by Mr. 3" XT 0««MMMM A4 4h A R/TfltKnWMM/kMM aalA IvhAM A Us Xle OliUOUU Oli UUC XU.QX.XU J lUUUg QQIO TV UUU P yearling, two years ago. She has grown into a handsome full sized filly, with good quality, aud much the same 6orb of action as her famous brother. It was given out by the stable that she was only a moderate animal, not much above selling plate form ; and on Boxing Day she was ran at Melteh, whfcre she Won the Maiden and J Helton Plates. In spite of the stable's assertion as to her want of ability, she was served up very warm for this race, and backed at even against the field, and rewarded the oourage of her friends by winning easi'y, Mr. Winch's pair, Ariel and Caprimungus— two pisk- up'9, both by Caliban — running second and third. A good deal of betting waa now done on the double, WilliametoWn and Werribee Park Handicaps, Benjiroo, Blue Peter Yicterian, and King Tom being selected for the first, and Ella, Constance, Blue Peter, and Vic torian for the second. It soon transpired that . Senjiroo and Ella was the correct thing, the book makers filling their. books with these goods in a very short tiifie. Sight out Benjiroo Was served up very warm for tbe Williamstown Handicap, lis Bendigo running making it look a very nice ittle certainty for hint on paper. The talent were again correct in their judgment, for he woa at the ast without being called upon, although King Tom stuck manfu-ly to him till entering the straight. Blue Peter was ridden in a most curious manner, much to the disgust of his owner, who loudly expressed his dissatisfaction. He was kept a long way behind everything till about 100 yards from home, when, although it was a sheer matter of impossibility for him to get up, he was flogged In most unmercifully, tt appeared tb us that he was sore from the start, not having recovered from' his exertions on New Year's Day, other wise there would be no excuse for his ride? disobeying hi# instructions, which, we are informed, were to keep within a length of Benjiroo, and if necessary cut him up to win. All the fourteen horsei weighted put in an ap pearance for the Hurdle Race — a Sort of compli ment to tbe handicapper, &e; ihore than three fourths had never a ghost of a show. did Western was amongst the number, and although rather beefy, the light of other days looked healthy and weli. A few years ago with Sit 51b on hie back he would have been a ' moral ' in EUdh company, but he appeared to have lost his pace, and when be found the field travelling faster Ihtn be llied, he spoilt (He little tffiancl he possessed by baulking. The race also intro?Ucdd us to a new candidate in tl is line of business which is likely to turn out a good horse — Post, by Poet out of Phoebe, one of Mr. Bowler's mares. He has only been a month in training, yet looked all over a winner to the last hurdle but one, when he toppled over, giving Mark Adderley a nasty fall. He it the property of Denis Oallauao, and is trained by Waldock, and is about the most likely horse the once famous Ascot Yale s able has had for some time. tTijrsses, who has before shown a remarkable penchant for a two-mile journey, was made a very hot favourite, and it would have been more in accordance with justice had the weights on hiip efid Tatjara been reversed. Hero, a oorky little bay in Stove Mahon's atable, led the field a merry dance for three1 parts of the journey, but then hu bolt was shot, and there was nothing left, in the race hut he favourite, Tatiara, and Poet The htotmamed, as«lreedy stated, dame to grief, apd the favourite had little or ao trouble In beating the Adelaide horse in the ran home. There was little to ohooee in the betting at last between Ella and Constance for the Werribee Park Handioap, the followers of the former who tood on the doable being inclined to hedge. They need not have lost their oonfidenoe in the daughter of Yattendon, however, ae she proved quite eqaalte theoccasioB, and easily stalling off Constance's rush in the straight, cantered home first in 2min fiOseo, quick time for Williamstown, considering that the sand made the coarse very heavy-going in parts. The fielders were at last rewarded by the victory Of an outsider in the Selling . Flat Race. Frantic and Stafford were both heavily backed, but Prince j dropped front the clouds and defeated both with out dny tfoiible. Mr. Dowlisg'i stables are built in the centre of the coarse, which is about a mile round, and they appear to be very comfortablejand commodious, bat want of time prevented us re questing the honoar of interviewing the craoks j located there. Neither did we wait to See Con- j stanoe appropriate the Consolation Stakes, which brought the day's sport to a conclusion. The I drive back was fully as enjoyable as that out, and making no mistake in the road home, our pair j soon landed us safely at Kirk's Bszaar, doing the journey considerably under the hour. We regret to learn that the promising yearling j filly by Stock harh otit of Saladin's dam, the pro- I perly of Mr. Crook, of Bacchus Marsh, has come j to an untimely end. It seems that about three ( weeks ago she was attacked with a swelling in the head, and although promptly attended to, she got so bad that Mr. Crook determined to pat a mer- J cifttl end to her existence with a bullet. An after I examination thowfed that the swelling resulted from disease of the jaw-bone. j There war a varv onnd J.t'a rani no at. 1M"nlt.nn I on Boxing Day. Six started for the Maiden Plate, but Ella, by Yattendon out of Nut cut, who subsequently gave proof of superior quality at Williamstown, showed herself to be a iong way I too good for the company, Mr. Inglis, on his j hack Revolver, being the only one that could get j near her at the finish. Topper, carrying 9st, 1 easily won the Shire Handicap, beating Kite (8 at j 31b), Constance (8st lOlb), and Maid of Laverton I (8st). Brownie beat Sjud, Revolver, and three j others in the Hurdl? Rice, which was run in mile heats — a practice which we had thought was out of date in the colony. In the Melton I Plate Handicap jSila (7et 51b) again proved too good for her opponents, Topper (9st) being second, and Constance (9st) third ; whilst Kite (with 1 8st) and two others were unplaced. A pony race, I for which three started, was won by Nelly Gray, j and Warhawkbeat five others for the Hack Rare, j which was run in heats, and brought the day'B racing to a close. j The excellence of the luncheon under the grand stand at the Y.R.C. New Year's Day Meeting was the theme ot universal comment, j The charge was 5s., hut considering the quality of the viande provided, and the style in which the? ! were put on the table, no one objected to the price. Mr. Gunsler is evidently the right man I in the right place. He had a staff of efficient I waiters, and, to prevent crushing and confusion, I lie refused to admit more to the rooms at any one time than they could conveniently hold, affording j in this respect a mazked contrast to previous I caterers for the Y.R.C. It is to be hoped, now | that the club have found some one both able and J willing to provide a deoent meal at a reasonable price, they will sot hamper his efforts by putting | lim into competition with less capable caterers but I allow him the lease of the luncheon-rooms at a J reasonable rental so long as he continues to give j satisfaction to the race-going public. The hard state ef the FJenaington course is having a very deleterious effect on the horses training there as might be seen by the state of their understandings on New Year's Day. Several horses have already been knocked completely ont of time, and others have had to be thrown off for fear of such a result. After nearly every race j on New Year's Day, some horse or other j pulled ap lame, amongst tbem several of the two-year-olde. The Arrow, it is j stated, will not recover the effects of runnicg- for the Midsummer Handicap without shoes for a j long while. Now that we have got our new grand stand in eueh efficient working order, and that no I further amount of money is required to be Bpent j on ornamentation, surely something might be 1 done to make our training £ round firmer in j winter, and less hard in summer. I Amongst the itemB of news by tbe supplementary I mail brought by the Eilora, we notice the death j of John C. Heeaan, otherwise the " fienicia Boy," who Was rendered famous by bis ever-memorable I fight with the English champion, Xom Sayors, in Farnborough, in 1860. Some years subsequently I he fought with Tom King, and from the effects of I this he never thoroughly recovered, and st the I time of his death was on a trip to California for j the benefit of bis health. I Tbe Tasmanian Tarf Club opened the new year I with a day's raciBg on the Mowbray course, and j the partionlars are so far interesting as to give as I a line as to what we may expect of the island horses at Launcestou next month. The Maiden I Plate brought five to the post, including Stoic, j who is entered to run over here in the autumn. 1 rind of whom it is said in the <<Launceston rnmlna. !l iVi.l I.. nn»M ha mnra in nlacn in a I dray than on a racecourse. Tom Tug, an eged gelding by Lord of Lynne, was deservedly made the favourite in the betting, and justified the confidence by winning easily, Bracknell and Saucy Dick, two five-year- olds by Peter Wilkins, being second and third. The Mowbray Stakes, for two and three-year olds, only brought one of each age to (he post, and the two-year-old Espla nade, by Cotherstone out of Rollicking Sal, won easily, owing to her elder opponent Saxby getting a bad start,- bnt t he performance does not seem to have impressed anyone very favourably. Tbe Steo leebaee resulted in a walkover for Cleaver, and Tommy beat Rambler in a trotting match three times round the course, doing the distance in llmin. 2ec. The New Year's Gift (a handi cap) was the race of the day, and for it four came to the post. The Maiden Plate winner, Tom Tug, and old Phantom were the favourites. The talent were, however, all out cf thtir reckoning, as tbe former, who cirried only 7«fc 121b, fiuiehed actually last, whilst Phantom, with 9dt 2!b, could only get second to Sylph, a five-year- old mare by Poter Wiikins, who carried 7st 12lb. La Chouette beat Little Diok and three others for the Galloway Stakes, and Bluelight, an aged horse by Lord ef Lynne, carrying 7t 21b, beat Phantom, lOst 51b, and two others for the Consolation, which brought the day 's sport to a conclusion. The weights for the Geelong Handicaps were declared on Wednesday evening, and on their appearance, met with anything but approval from the raoegoing pubiic. Mr. Dowling's stable was thought as a rule to be well in, and few people oottld under«tand the: principle upoa whiohsome horses fond of taking an airing are persistently let off by the handicapper. Mr. Barnard must be either a bad jadge of condition or else blind, for hie leniency to this class of animal ia now quite notorious. The entry of Aoe of Tramps for the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handioap, it would unpem»ie valid after all. The home wae entered by M. — — «... | Coates, of Adelaide, on the part of his owner, Mr. I Gilbert, as well at by Mr. Ryan, and therefore J the informality will not hold good, eo for as hie j entry is concerned. I The usual New Year's Day racing was held in Bnninyong Borough Park on Thursday week. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr. Cavenagh'e Frank. Boomerang carried off both the Borengh F and Open Handicaps. Titbit won the Selling ! b urdle Race, and Lady the Trot. The handsome trophy which is to be presented to the winner of the Geelong Cap by the G «R.O. was daring last week on view at the shop of Messrs. Edwards and Kaul, Collins street. It il indeed a very elegant piece of plate, and one that any man might feel proud to place on his side board, and in addition appears to be well worth the money which it represents. Mr. Ynille some time back purchased the fins two-year- old eolt by Kingston out of Lady Elizabeth, which ran second for the Maribyrnong Plate as a maiden, for India. This is the reason be did ;not start for tbe Two-year-old Stakes on New dear's Day, and he.will in all probability be shipped next mail to join The Quack, Commodore, Au Revoir, and other notabilities. There was some good racing at Mansfield oa New Year's Day, but the quality of the horses contesting was not very great. Red Iron won the Maiden Plate, Yictor the New Year's Day Handi- nan. nnrl Larl-ir "EHrahatfi Mia RaIKbo Raaa. Th« Majorca Cup was carried off by Cracker, the Selling Hack Race by Tilly, the Hurdle Race by Franciscan, and tbe Consolation Stakes by Wee Pet. Of coarse since Little Dick won the Midsummer Handicap the old cry has been raised that he has been pulied and kept for this race. The truth is the horse, who has always been a delicate one to train, made but one appearance last season, when, being off, he ran nowhete in the Metropolitan Slakes. Tbe previous year, 1871-72, he started eix times, and was unsuccessful on eaoh occasion, running either at weight-for-age or conceding lumps of weight to everything, 8ifc 81b being about the handicappers' usual estimate of him, and as he several times ran forward, the accusation ofroping won't bold good after a minutes' consideration. At the Bandwick and Melbeurne Spring Meetings this season the horse could not have been himself, as he was not long enough in hand, and as he had only 8st 21b in the Metropolitan, i) would hardly pay any man to pull him for that race to keep bim for the Midsummer Handicap with 7#t Kb. Some people are always finding mares' nests, and because Mr. Winch happens to hare displeased certain parties by not letting tbem into all bis stable secrets, no opportunity is let Blip for throw ing out dark insinuations as to his integrity. How easy it would have been for Mr. Winch to hava kept Newbold for the Newmarket Handicap in stead of exposing him as he did. The truth is Mr. Winch has raced too leng not to know a bird in the hand is worth two in the busb, especi ally with a horse that one is not always able to get fit. If people would blame the right party, that iB the handicapper, there would be something in it. Because Little Dick, when out of all form, could not race, was no reason why he should be thiown in at his favourite distance. Harding deserves credit for getting saoh an old screw into condition, and winning such a good race with him ; but it is not likely busybedies i will allow the handicapper to give him tbe | ghost of a show next time, j The sale of Dawn of Day to a Ballarat sports man, reported some time back, has not been com pleted, and we believe the horse will still remain an inmate of the St. Albans establishment. Racing men will try a new flight next week, - the Albury meeting claiming their attention, and the quiet border district will be awakened into activity by the presence of some score or eo of Melbourne visitors. One or two of the ring have, in other years, extended their travels to tho North-Eastern districts, but they belonged to the quieter portion of the fraternity, and when they hunt in couples it is very different to when the whole posse swcop down in a body. Numerous books are already open on the doable, Albury Cup and Handicap, and as a fair amount of business has been done, and a deal of interest seems to be taken in the tryst by Melbourne sporting men, tbe bonifaces of the border town must he on the look out for a large influx of visitors. We have net been favoured with a sight of the general entries,- but as there are yet eighteen horses engaged in tbe Cup and fifteen in the Handicap, two exciting struggles at least may be expeeted. Benjiroo, Friendless, and Cassio have so far been all the rage for the Cup, in spite of the penalty which both have incurred. Highland Chief hse also been backed— principally, however, by sportsmen of (he district from which ho hails ; the same are also generally taken for tbe Handicap, but with so many horses in each race the odds (20 to 1) seem & ridiculously short, especially as in Romeo and Niffhtcloud Mr. Bowler has two remarkably good three-year-olds engaged, and that After Dark, the Western crack, and Snowden (lull brother to Mountaineer, who ran second to Reprieve foe the Wagga Wagga Cup) are also among the can didates. When so little is known by personal experience of the majority of the horses it ia rather hazardous expreeskgan opinion, but After Dark and Friendless should be best for the Cup, and Cassio and Benjiroo for the Handicap. Tho meeting will be wound up with a grand ball j and as Albury is the centre of a large wine-growing district-, those interested in this class of native industry will have an opportunity of inspecting some of the best-managed vineyards in tbe colony . On the morning of tbe last day of the reoce Mr. Yuille will hold one of the most important eales of the season — a large draft of thoroughbreds from the stud of Mr. H J Bowler, cf the Mitta Mitts. The lot are very highly spoken of as being well grown and furnished, and being maidens of tbe right ages there should be plenty of competition for them. It was from Mr. Bowler's stud that Princess, Victoria.. Antelope, Valentine, Formosa, Mountaineer, and other celebrities that ha-« proved their quiHty in the best company came. They arc an bred from old Sydney Daw8 of the best strains ef olood, and the Mitta stud has long since established its fame m the Riverine district for producing racehorses wwu good lasting qualities. Mr. Tait left us tor Sydney on Tuesday lost, , - > taking with him The Arrow, whose feet were adly knocked .bout in «h. Midsummer Hindi- cap. Sou d' Amour mid the 8yl?» oolt e« | shipped on the previous Saturday, but M'CaUua |g Mobr and The Nob have been left 1 the oharge of H. Lewis, to fulfil S engagements. Mr. Tait did no bring ««»« strong string down with him » R| consequently he has not token ewey withhjm || uohalarge share of pablio money 33 years. Nevertheless, he oannot oomplmD, » m imoth«r)od OW | ylfl y.Br.0. Mares' Produce Stakes h»ve been eirried'off by the yellow and blaok. TheAioot Vale Stakes at the V.R O. Autumn Minting will be a much more open race this year XtTh.ret.for., owing to neither Stookbriig. no. Blink Bonny being engaged therein. Tbe Hook it tbe OHly other two year-old that has shown "aperior form, and as he pulled up very sore on Bew Year's Day, owners of others may lake heart rf grace, and go on training their youngsters with a fair prospect of success. After Dark, who is engaged in tbe Albury Cup and Handicap, arrived in Melbourne from the westward on Friday, en route for the scene of Derations, acoompanied by the hurdleracer Welshman. The Western crack is a fine specimen of tbe thoroughbred, and as he is in Bplendid eendition should be able to give a good account of himself north. _ In entering Oassio for the Newmarket Handi- eu> and Australian Cup Mr. S. G. Bowler omitted to put "late No Name" to bis entry, n«rer having heard that the horse ran under such title. As by a rule of the Y.E C. this would invalidate his entry, Mr. Bowler is trying to induce the other subscribers to these stakes to allow him to amend hi3 error. As the omission WM no fault of Mr. Bowler's we trust that all the other nominators will gracefully accede to his request. 