The Dream Woman. A MYSTERY IN FOUR NARRATIVES. By Wilkie Collins. [The following explanatory note by tho author accompanied thee manuscript of this tale :-"The original version of this story was published many years since, in Household Words, and was afterwards re-printed in the collection of my shorter stories, called The Queen of Hearts. In the present version - written for my public read- ings in the United States - new characters and new incidents are introduced ; and a new begin- ning and ending have been written. Indeed, the whole complexion of the narrative differs so essentially from the older and shorter version, as to justify m in believing that the reader will find in these pages what is, to all practical in- tents anil purposes, a new story. - W. C.] THE SECOND NARRATIVE. THE OSTLER'S STORY. TOLD BY HIMSELF. CHAPTER IV. It is now ten years ago since I got my first warning of the great trouble of my life in the Vision of a Dream. I shall bo better able to tell you about it, if you will please suppose yourselves to be drinking toa along with us in our little cottage in Cam- bridgeshire, ten years since. The time was tho close of duy ; and there were three of us at tho table?namely, my mother ; myself; and my mother's sister, Mrs. Chance. Those two were Scotchwomen by birth ; and both were widows. There was no other re- semblance between them that 1 can call to mind. My mother hud lived all her lifo in England, and had no moro of tho Scotch brogue in her tongue than I have. My aunt Chance hud never been ont of Scotland until she cunio to koop house with my mother, after her husband's death. And when she opened her lips you heard broad Scotch, I can tell you, if ever you heard it yet! As it fell out, there was a mutter of some con- sequence in debute among us Unit evening, lt was this : whether 1 should do well or not to take a long journey on foot the next morning. Now the next morning happened to bo tho day before my birthday ; and tho purpose of my journey was to oller myself for a situation as groom at a great house in tho neighboring county to ours. Tho place was reported as likely to fall vacant in about three weeks' time. I was as well fitted to fill it ns any other mun. In tho prosperous days of our family, my father had beun manager of a training suiblc ; and he had kept mo employed among the horses from my boyhood upward. Plcaso to excuse my troubling you with these small mutters. They all fit into my story farther on, as you will soon find out. My poor mother was dead against my leaving homo on the morrow. " You can never walk all tho way there and all the way buck again by to-morrow night," she says. " Tho end of it will bo that you will sleep away from homo on your birthday. You have never done that yet, Francis, sinco your father's death. I don't like your doing it now. Wait a day longer my son?only ono day." For my own part, I was weary of being idle ; and I couldn't libido the notion of delny. Even ono night might mako all the difference. Some other niau might take time by tho forelock and get tho pince. " Considor how long I have beon ont of work," I says, " and don't ask mo to put oil' the journey. I won't fail you, mother. I'll got back by to- morrow night, if I huvo to pay my last sixpence for a lift in a cart" " My motlier shook her head. " I don't like it, Francis?I don't like it!" There was no moving her from that view. Wo argued anil argued, until wo wero both ut a dead lock, lt ended in our agreeing to refer tho difference between us to my mother's sister, Mrs. Chili ice. While wo were trying hurd to convince each other, my aunt Chalice sat its dumb us a fish, stirring her tea and thinking her own thoughts. When wo iiiiulo our appeal to her, she seemed, as it were, to wake up. " Yo biiith refer to my puir judgment'(" sho says, in her broad Scotch. Wo both answered Yes. Upon that, my aunt Chance first cleared the ten-table, and then pulled out from tho pocket of her gown a puck of cards. Don't' run away, if you please, with tho notion that this was done lightly, with a view to amuse my mother and me. My aunt Chance seriously bolieved that she could look into thc future by tolling fortunes on the cards. She did nothing herself without first consulting the cards ; and sho could give no more serious proof of her interest in my welfare than tho proof which sho ¦was offering now. I don't say it profanely?I only mention the act?the cards had, in some incomprehensible way, got themselves jumbled uj) together with her religious convictions. You meet with people now-a-days, who believe ia spirits working by way of tables and chaim. On tho sallie principle (if there is any principle in it) my aunt Chance believed in Providence working by the way of tho cards. " Whether you are right, Francis, or your inither?whether ye will do wool or ill, the mor- row, to go or stay?the cain's will tell it. We are a' in the hands of providence The cain's will tell it." Hearing this, my mother turned her bend aside with something of a Hour look in her fnco. Her sister's notions about the cards were littlo better than lint blasphemy, to lier mind. Butshe kept her opinion to herself. My aunt Chance, to own tho truth, had inherited, through her lato husband, a pension of thirty pounds a your. This was an important contribution to our house- keeping?and we poor relations were bound to treat her with a certain respect. As for myself, if my poor father never did anything else for ino before ho fell into difficulties, ho gave me a good education, and raised me (thank God) nbovo superstitions of all sorts, However, a very little amused mc in those days ; and I waited to huvo my fortune told, as patiently ns if I believed in it too. too. My aunt began her hocus-pocus, by throwing out all tho cards in the pack under seven. Sho shufllod the rest, with her loft hand, for luck ; and then she gave them to mo to cut " Wi' yer left hand, Francie. Mind that! Pet yer trust in Proavidence ; but dinna forget that yer luck's in yer left hand 1" A long and round- about shifting of the cards followed, reducing them in number until theroworo just fifteen of them left, laid out beforo my aunt in a half circle. The card which happened to lie outer- most, ot the right-hand end of tho circle, was, according to rule in such cascB, tho card chosen to represent me. By way of being appropriate to my situation as a poor groom out of work, the card was?the King of Diamonds. " I tak' up the King o' Diamants," says my aunt. I count seven cairds frae rich to left; and I humbly ask a blessing on what follows." My, aunt shut her eyes as if she was saying grace before meat, and held up to me the seventh card. I called tho seventh card?tho Queen of Spudes. My aunt opened her eyes again in n hurry, and cast a sly look my way. " The Queen o' SpadeB means a dairk woman. Ye'U be thinking, in secret; Francie, of a dairk woman ?" ?'..When a?man lins been out of place for more tlian three months, Ins mind isn't troubled much with thinking of women?light or dark. I was thinking of the groom's pince at the great house; and I tried to. say so. My aunt Chance wouldn't listen. Sho treated my interruption with contempt. " Hoot-toot!" there's the caird in your hand. If ye're no thinking of her to-day, ye'll be thinking of her to-morrow. Where's the harm of thinking of a dairk woman! I was ance a dairk woman myself, before my hair turned gray. Haud yer peace. Francie?mid watch the cairdB." * PnMlahwl liy K'xsclnl urnuigmueut with tile uuthur. All right* reserved. I watched the cards as I was told. Thore were seven left on tho table. My aunt removed two from ono end of tho row, and two from tho other, and desired me to call tho two uppermost of the three cards now left on the table. I called tho Ace of Clubs and tho Ten of Diamonds. My aunt Chance lifted her eyes to the ceiling with a look of devout gratitude which sorely tried my mother's patience. The Ace of Clubs mid the Ten of Diamonds, taken together, signified? first, good news (evidently the news of the groom's place!); secondly, a journey that lay before mo (pointing plainly to my journey to- morrow !); thirdly and lastly, a sum of money (probably the groom's wages !) waiting to find its way into my pockets. Having told my for- tune in those encouraging terms, my aunt declined to carry tho experiment any further. " Eh, lad I it's a clean tempting of Proavidence to ask muir o' tho cairds then tho cain's have build ns noo. Gao yer ways to-morrow to the great house. A dairk woman will moot yo at tho gate, and she'll huvo- a hand in getting yo thc groom's place, wi' u' tho gratifications and pair quisitcs appertaining to the same. And, niebbe, when yer poaket's full o' money, yo'll bo for gettin yer aunt Chance, maintaining her aili un- blemished widowhood?wi' Proavidence asistin' ?on tlu- atty purnta a your !" I promised to remember my aunt Chnnoo(\vho had the dot oct by tho way, of being n terribly greedy person after money) on the next happy occasion when my poor empty pockets wero to bo filled at last. This done, 1 looked at my mother. Sho hud agreed to take her sister for umpire bo weon us?and her sister had given it in my favor. Sho raised no moro objections. Silently she got on her feet, and kissed me, and sighed bitterly?and so lett tho room. My aunt Chance shook her head. " 1 doubt, Francie, yer pnir mither has but a heathen notion of tho vairtuu of tho cairds !" By daylight tho noxt morning I set forth on my journey. I looked buck nt the cottage ns I opened the garden gate. At ono window was my motlier, with her handkerchief to her eyes. At tho other stood my aunt Chance, holding up tho (Jueen of Spades by way of encouraging ino at starting. I waved my hand to both of them in token of farewell, and stopped out briskly into tho road, lt was then the last day of February. Bo pleased to remember, in connection with this, that tho first of March was tho day, and two o'clock in tho morning Hie hour of my birth. ClI.M'TKII V. Now you know how 1 caine to lcavo home. Tho next thing to tell is what happened on tho journey. 1 reached the great house iii reasonably good limo, considering tho distance. At tho very first trial of it, tho prophecy of the canis turned out to bo wrong. Thc person who met mo at the lodge gate was noL a dark woman ?in fact, not a woman at all?but a buy. He directed nie on tho way to tho servants' offices ; and there again tho cards were wrung. 1 encountered not one woman, but threo?and not one of the three was dink. 1 have stited that I am notsuperstitious, and I have told the truth. But I must own that 1 did feel n certain fluttering at tho heart when 1 made my bow to tho steward, mid told him what business hud brought mo to tho house. His answer completed tho discomfiture of aunt Chance's fortuno-telling. My ill-luck still pursued inc. Thal very morning another man applied for tho groom's pluco, and hud got it. I swallowed my disappointment as well ns I could?and thanked tho steward?mid wont to tho inn in the villngo to get the rest mid food which 1 sorely needed by this time. .Before starting un my homeward walk,I niiulo some enquiries at tho inn, and found out that I might save ii few miles on my return by follow- ing ii now road. Furnished with full instruc- tions, several times repeated, as to the various turnings I was lo take, 1 sot forth and walked on till tho evening with only one stoppage fur bread mid cheese, Justasit irus gelling towards dark, tho rain came on and the wind began to rise ; and I found myself, to make mullers worse, in a part of tho country with which I waa on tirely unacquainted, though 1 guessed myself to be sumo fifteen miles from home. The first houso I found to enquire- ut was ii lonely road- side inn, standing on tho outskirts of a thick wood. Solitiry us tho place looked, it was wol comc to a lost niau, who was also hungry, thirsty, footsore and wet. Tho landlord was civil and respcclnble-looking ; and tho price he asked for ii bed was reasonable enough. 1 was grieved to disappoint my motlier ; but there was no conveyance to bo hud, and I could go no further afoot Hint night. My weariness fairly fniw.ll mo to ston at thu inn. I may say for myself that I um a temperate mun. My supper simply consisted of some rashers of bacon, u slice of home made bread, and a pint of alu. I did not go to bcd immediately after this moderate meal, but sui up with the landlord, talking about my bad prospects and my long run of ill-luck, and diverging from these topics to thc subjects of liorse-llesh mid racing. Nothing was said either by myself, my host, ru- the few laborers who strayed into tho tip room, which could in the slightest degree excite my mind, or set my fancy?which is only ii small fancy at the best of times ?playing tricks with my common-sense. At ii little after eleven the house was closed. 1 went round with tho landlord mid held cundle while the doors mid lower windows wero being secured. I noticed with surprise the strength of the bolts, bars, and iron sheathed shutters. " You seo, wc aro rather lonely here," says the landlord. " Wo never have had any attempts made to break in yet, but it's always as well to bo on the safe side. When nobody is sleeping here, I am the only mun in tho house. My wife ami daughter ure timid, and tho servant girl takes after her missusses. Another glass of nie before you turn in /?No !?Well, how such a sober niau as you coinoH to be out of place is more than I eau understand fur one. Here's where you're to sleep. You're tho only lodger to-night, and I think you'll say my missus has done her best to make you comfortable. You're quite sure you won't have another glass of ale J ?very well. Good night." lt was half-past eleven by tho clock in tho passage as we went upstairs to the bed-room, Tho window looked ont on tho wood ut the back of tho house. 1 locked my door, set my candle on the chest of drawers, and wearily got ino ready for bod. Tho bleak wind was still blowing, mid tho solemn surging moan of it in tho wood was very dreary to hear through the night silence. I felt strangely wakeful. 1 resolved to keep tho candle alight until I began to grow sleepy. Tho truth is, I was not quite myself. I was depressed in mind by my disappointment of the morning ; and I was worn out in thu body by my long walk. Between the two, I own I couldn't faco the prospect of laying awake in tho darkness, listening to thc dismal moan of thc wind in tho wood. u,"»" "'.>'« ¦"> mn before I was aware of it; Sleep stole on mo before 1 was aware 01 iv ; my eyes closed, and I fell oil'to rest, without having ko much ns thought of extinguishing tho candle. The next thing that I remember was a faint shivering that ran through me from head to foot, and n dreadful sinking pain at my heart, such as I had never felt before. The shivering only disturbed my slumbers ; tho pain woke me in- stantly. In one moment I passed from a st'ite of sleep to a state of wakefulness?my eyes wide open?my mind clear on ii sudden as if by a miracle. The candle had burned down nearly to tho lost morsel of tallow, but tho unsnuffed wick had just fallen oil', and tho light was, for the moment, fair, and full. Between the foot of the bed and thc closed door, I saw a person in my room. The person was a woman, standing looking at me with a knife in her hand. It does no credit to my courage to confess it ?but the truth is the truth. I was struck speechless with terror. There I lay with my eyes 011 thc woman ; there the womun stood (with tho knife in her hand) with her eyes on me. She said not a word as we stared each other in the face; but she moved n little?moved slowly towards the left-hand side of tho btd. The light fell full on her face. A fair fine woman, with yellowish flaxen hair, and light gray eyes, with a droop in tho left eyelid. I noticed these things mid fixed them in my mind, before sho was quite round at the side of the bed. Without saying a word ; without any change in the Btony stillness of her face ; with- out any noise following her footfall, she came closer and closer ; stopped at the bed-hearl, and lifted the knife to stab me. I laid my arm over my throat to save it;. but, ns I saw the blow coming*. I threw my hand across the bed to tho right sid'cV a-fal jerked my body over that way, just ns the Jtnife carno down like lightning on thc mattress, witfife' a hairsbreadth of taf shoulder. My eyes fixed oft' her min and her Jvwnd? she gavo ino tinio to loolk nt thom ns she slowly rlrow her knife out of trie bed. A white -»eh shuped arin, with a pretty down lying liglrtJy over the fair skin. A delicnto Indy's limul, wilfe ii iiink flush round the finger-nails. She drew thc knife out, and passed back nguiu slowly to the foot nf tho bert ; she stopped thero for n moment looking atnie ; then sho cunio on without saying a word ; without any chango in tho stony stillness of her face ; without any noise following her footfall?carno on to tho side of tho bed whore 1 now lay. Getting near nie, she lifted the knife again, and I drew myself away to the left side. Sho h< ruck ns beforo, right into the matti ess, with a swift downward action of her arm ; lind sho missed me ns before by a hairsbreadth. This time my eyes wandered from her to tho knife. lt wns like the Inigo clasp knives which laboring men uso to cut their bread and bacon willi. Her delicate littlu fingers did not hide more than two-thirds of tho handle ; I noticed that it was tumlo of buckhorn, clean and shining as the blade was, and looking Uko new. For the second time sho drew tho knife out of tho bed, and suddenly hid il away in tho wide ?leuvo of her gown, 'flint done, she stopped by Ibo bedside, watching nie. For an instant 1 saw her standing in timi position?then tho wick of tho spent caudle fell over into tho socket Tho Ihinio dwindled to a little blue point, and tho room grow dark. A moment, or less if pussiblu, passed so?mid then tho wick limned up, smokily, for the last limo. My eyes wore still looking for her over tho right-sido of tho bed when thu lust Hash of light came. Look ius 1 might 1 could seo nothing. Tho woman with tho knife wan gone. 1 begun to get back lo mysel f nguiu. I could feel my heart beating ; I could hear tho woful moaning of tho wind in the woori ; 1 could leap up in bed, and givo tho ntunn before sho escaped from the house. " Murder! Wilke up there ! Murder!" Nobody answered to tho alarm. I ruse anil groped my way through thu darkness to tho door of tho room. Hy Hint way she must have got in. Hy that way sho must huvo geno out. Tho door of tho room was fust locked, ex- actly ns I had loft it on guing to bcd ! I looked at the window. Tho window was fust locked . too. Fur a moment I stood lost in amazement. Thou, hearing a voice outside, T opened Hie door. Thora was tho lanillurd coming towards ino along tho passage, willi his burning candle in ono hand mid his gun lu the other. "What is it?" ho says, looking at mo in no very friendly way. 1 could only answer him in a whisper, " A woman, with a knife in her hand, lu my room. A fnir, yellow-haired woman. Sho jobbed at mo with tho knife, Iwico over." Ho lifted his camile, mid looked iitmoslcudily flinn head to foot. "She seems lo huvo missed you twice ovor." "I dodged thc knife na it came down, lt struck . j the bcd euell time, (io lu, and seo." j The landlord look his cundle into the bedroom 1 immediately. In loss thnn aiiiiiiutchuennioout again into tho passage in a vinlont passion. " Thu devil Hy away with you anil your woman with thu kuifo ! There isn't n mark in tho bed- clothes anywlinro. What rio you mean by coin- ing into a ulan's pince mid frightening his family out nf their wits by a dream '." A dream '! Tho woniini who lind tried lo stib mo, not a living human being liku myself / 1 begun lo shako anil shiver. Thc horrors gol hold of mu at the bare thought of it. "I'll leavo the house," 1 said. " Helter out un thu road in thu ruin mid dark, thnn back nguiu in that room, after what I've soon in it. bond me tho light to get my clothes by, mid tell me what I'm to pay." Thu landlord led tho way buck with his light into Ibo bedroom. "Pay!" says he. "You'll find your scoro on tho slate when you go down stairs. I wouldn't huvo taken you in for nil the money you've gol ul mut you, if 1 hail known your dreaming, screeching; ways beforehand. Look at tho boil. Where's tho cut of u knifo in it? Look at tho window?is tho lock blunted '! Look at tho dour (which I heard yon fasten yourself)?is it broken in ? A murdering woman with a kuifo in my liuuso ! You ought to bo ashamed of yourself." My eyes followed his hand as it pointed first to tho bod, then to tho window, then to tho door. There was no gainsaying-it. Tho bed sheet was as sound as on tho day it was made. Tho window was fust Tho dour hung on its hinges as stonily ns over. I huddled my clothes on without speaking. Wo wont downstairs together. I looked ut thu clock in tho bar room. The time was twenty minutes past 2 in tho morning. I paid my bill; and the landlord lot mo out Tho ruin had ccaserl ; but tho night was ritirk, mid tho wind was bleaker than over. Lillie did thc darkness, or tho cold, or tho doubt about tlio way homo matter to mo. My mind was away from all these things. My mind was fixed on thc vision in tho bedroom. What hud I seen trying to murder mo? The creature of a rheum '! Or that other creature from that world beyond tho grave, whom men call ghost'( 1 could make nothing of it as I walked along in the night. I had miulo nothing of it by midday?when 1 stood at last, after ninny times missing my road, Ti youl Ii who V who ll that posl is u fay J Nro and A sisti and C "T bef< bac g visi mid "A all If "I't"1 on the doorstop of home. ClI.U'TBIl VI. My mother cunio out nlono to welcome nie back. There were no secrets between us two. I told her all that happened?j list ns I hilve told it lo you. Sho kept Bileneo till I had done. And then she put a question tu me. " What tinio was it, Francis, when you saw tho woman in your drouin ! I hud looked al the clock when I left the inn, and had noticed that tho hands pointed to twenty minutes past 2. Allowing for Hie time consumed in speaking to tho landlord, and in getting on my clothes, I answered that I must have first seen tho woman at 2 o'clock in the morning. In other words, I had not only seen her on my birlhday, but at tho hour of my birth. My mother still kopfc silence. Lost in her own thoughts, sho took me by tho build, and lcd me into tim parlor. Her writing desk was on tho table by tho fireplace. Sho opened it, mid signed to me to bike a chair by her side. " My son ! your memory is a burl one?mid minc iB fast failing me. Toll mo nguiu wlmt tho woman looked like. I want her lo bo os well known to both of us, years hence, as sho is now." I obeyed ; wondering what strange fancy might be working in her mind. I spoke; and she wrote tho words, as they fell from my lips :? " Light gray eyes, with a droop in the left eye- lid. Flaxen hair, with n gold-yellow streak in it. White arms, with a down upon Hiern. Little, Indy's hands, with a rosy-red look about tho finger-noils." " Did you notice how sho wns dressed, Francis. ?" " No, mother." " Did you notice the knife f" " Yes. A largo clasp-knife, with a buck-horn handle ns good as now." My motlier lidded tho description of the knife. Also, tho year, month, day of tho week, and hour of tho day when tho Dream-Woman appeared to me at the inn. That done, bIio locked wp tho paper in her desk, " Not a werri, Francis, to your Aunt. Not a word to any living soul. Keep your dream n secret between you and me." The weeks pusso], and the months passed. My mother never returned to tho subject again. As for me, time, which wears out all things, wore out my remembrance of the dream. Little by little, the imago of the woman grew dimmer and dimmer. Little by little, sho faded out of my mind. It happened that Swift, having been dining nt some little distuico from Laracor, his residence, was returning homo on horseback in the evening, which was pretty dark. Just before ho reached a neighboring village, his horse lost a shoe. Unwilling to run the risk of lnming the animal by continuing his ride in Hint condition, ha stopped at ono Kelly's, tho blacksmith of, thc village, where, having called the man, I19 asked him if he could shoe a horse with, a caudle, "No," replied the son of. Vulcan ; "but I can with a hammer." Tm: first kw of gravity?Xever laugh* nil your own jokes. If nn Indian takes cold, he is liable to have av whooping cough. WifV is a prosy preacher like the middle of a. wheel ??Bemuse fellows around him are tired. Hkniiv CUT described a mule as "un animal that hus no jrride of ancestry and no hopis ot posterity." " Do not run into debt to your shoemaker; it is unpleasant to Ire nuable to say that your solt, is your own. ArNioi'lti.u'i-.?A popular doctor lins been, presented with a silrcTiiionnlcd skeleton by kia. admiring patients. Si'iwCT Alua : Box o' matches, sir ? Swell: No; don't smoke. Street Arab :¦ Buy a box, and I'll teach you. . AirnioniTV.?A little boy, disputing with his sister, cxclniiued :¦ " 'Tis trne,. for ma says so ; and if musurjrsso,.it is so, if it ain't so." .¦ Oxk who knows how it is herself, says s " Tho mun who is awfully nrbnne to his wife beforo strangers is- nlso her linne behind theil backs." ,, Sympathy.?A good deacon, making an official visit to a dying neighbor, who was a very churlish mid universally unpopular niau, put the question i "Arc you willing to go, friend !" "Oh, yes," said tho sick mau, " I am." " Wolli,"" said thu siiiiple-inindcd deacon, "I am glad you are, for nil tho neighbors are willing." " Si'i'AKixo of extravagance in dress," writes Um captain, " the most expensively dressed man 1 ever saw was an African chief on the Gold Coast His wives hail anointed him thoroughly with ]uilm oil, and then powdered him from head to foot with gold dust. You Hover saw, in youc life, a ullin got up so 'utterly regardless ot expense.'" Two nf tho edible dogs of China- aro now on exhibition nt the Zoological Gardens in 1'aris. If it be found easy lo nccliiuiitie.c them, it is proposed to introduce Ibis now article of food. Tho dogs in question uro small and hairless and enormously fat. They uro fed solely on vegetable; food, a regime which imparts a rare delicacy to their llesh. LaNIioii was an exacting gourmet.. Ho was a, man of violent tamper, and very fond of Howers, lt is said that ono day, his cook having served what ho considered a rlofeetivo dinner, Lnndoc pitched him ont of tho window of his villa near Florence, into his garden ; and while thu poor, devil was groaning below with ii shattered limb, the wayward poet exclaimed?" Good God ! I forgot tho violets." ¦¦¦'.. Docnm .wi) Pauson.?A certain young clergyman, modest almost lu bashfulness, was ouco asked by ii country apothecary of a contrary chnrncler, in u public and crowded assembly, and in a tone of voice sufficient to catch thu atten- tion of thu whole company, how it happened that tho patriarchs lived to such extreme old ngo ? 'fo which question tho clergyman replied, " I'orhups they took no physic." Ni'Vada Sn.vnit Mini's,?The present dnily yield of tho Moldier mine is ,150 tons of oro, oE tho Crown 1'oinfc fiOO tuns, mid of tho Consoli- dated Virginia yOO, making a total of 13B0 tono of oro flinn throe leading Comstock minos. Ill addition, tho Cliollar-I'otosi produces daily 100 tons, tho Sierra Nevada (IO lons, anil tho Halo, anrl Nrircross yu tom, making au nggrogato ol 15110 tuns from suven mines. 11,1,-Huunu.?A celebrated Scotch divine, justi lisen up in Ibo pulpit lo lead tho congregation in prayer, when a geutluinan in front of tho gallery took out his handkerchief to wipe tho dust from his brow, forgetting that a pack ut cards wns wrapped np in it Tho whole pack was scattered over tho Hour of tho gallery. Tho minister could not resist a sarcasm, solunni asl Ilia net was tu which he was about to engage. " Uh man, mau, surely your psiilin-buik has boen ill-buiid!" A Illino.?A man who had recently been elected u major of militia, and who was not over- burdened with brains, tonk it into hi» hoad on tho morning of parade to exerciso a little by himself. '1'lie field sclccterl for this purpusu was, his own npnrtiiiunt l'lacinghimself in nmilitary attitude, with his sword drawn, ho exclaimed : " Attention, company I Hear rank, three puces, . mureil I" and ho tumbled down into tho collar. His wife hearing tho racket, camu running in, saying, "My dear, huvo you killed yourself ?'* "tin about your business, woman," said "'the} boro ; " what do you know about war!" Muslim and S.uirjAS.M.?ft is not everybody who knows whore to juke, or when, or how; audi whoever is ignorant of those conditions lind'nob better joke at all. A gentleman never attempts to bo humorous at tho expense of pimple witli. whom ho is but slightly acquainted. In fact, it is neither good 1111111110111 nor wino policy to joke ni anybody's oxponso ; Hint is to say, to nmke. anybody uiiooiiiforlab'e morely to raise a laugh. Old d'Isop, who wus doubtless thu subject o£ many a gibe on account of his humped back, tells tho story in liiB faille of " Tho Hoys mid tho. Frogs."' What was jolly for tho youngsters.'was ileuth lo tho croakers. A jest may cut doepec limn a curse. Souio men aro so constituted that", they cniinot take a juke in good part, and, in slcuil of repaying it in tho sumo light coin, will, requite it with contumely lind insult Novec bullier ono nf this elnss, for ho will brood ovec your bnrliiiagu ling lifter you Jiuvc forgotten it", mid il is not prudent lo incur thu enmity of any uno for the saku of entering 11 smart double en- tendre or it tart repartee. Ridicule, nt best, is 01 perilous weapon. Satire, however, when levelled ut Hociul follies and political evils, is not only legitimate, but commendable. It lins shamed down more abuses than were evur abolished by force of logic. Eniu.ish SciloLWisiiii1.?Wo really are .'in a fair way of gelling lu know something of our own language nt lust?something of our language mid something of our literature. Men of reid learning anil ability nra awaking to tho convic- tion that oven the grout Kuglish poets will repay careful study, and that as much "scholarship" might bo displayed in "editing" it play of Shakespeare as in doing the same sort of work furn lifth-rate drainii of Kuriphidcs. For tha classicists of tho plumy days, if any such romain milong; us, it may be a dreary tuirl mournful prospect, but it iB ono which may yet bu realised, that a bishop should receive his mitre not for Creek, not even?honor of horrors ! for theo- logy, but for profound I'mglish scholarship. Such. bishops would, perhaps, write more gnimmati cally than some of tho present occupants of the bench. Unfortunately, tho chief authorities just now in Kuglish literature are not clerics. Mr. Aldis Wright is evelin Nonconformist, Mr. Clark hus renounced his orders ; although Mr. Skeat ia n clergyman, Mr. Wcilgood, Mr. Ftimivnll, and Dr. Morris are laymen, lind Slr. Jorram is no ex- ception. Tho clergy do not appear to " come out 'well" when wo look at tho ranks of those who aro doing tho bust work in what may bo well called " tho now learning."?Thc Athcnceum. A Scii'.mtii'IC Nniii.i'MAN.?A Victorian journal Htatos that by tho ship liodnoy, which arrived in Melbourne lately arrived Baron A. Von I luegel, who is on a scientific voyage round tho globe, mainly for ornithological purposes. This nobleman is tho Bucond son of Huron Charles Anselm Von 1 Illegal, who was captain in the Wilrteiiibergiiui anny when it entered Paris in 1814 ; sent subsequently on a diplomatic mission, to Sweden; was commandant of Aries and Tnrascon in 1816 ; travelled for six years at bia private expense exclusively, fur scientific pur- poses, through Syria, Palestine, and ipart o£ India; came ia 1853 to West Austiiilin, on the plants of which ho published a work ; went them to New Zealand, China, and to Thibet, making many discoveries, particularly in tho latter place, for which tho Koyal Geographical. Society of London awarded its medal. His work, "Cashmere mid tho Sikhs," advanced to four volumes ; another on Cabul is in two volumes-, llaron Von Huegel was also a political author, and from 1850 to 1859 he was ambassador at Florence for Austria, and subsequently ambassa- dor in Belgium. Ho was marriod to 1111 English lady, the only daughter of General Farquharson, wlio lins near relations in this colony.: Thu baron died three years ago. The Sun (New York) has discovered a modem Snmson, J. Kelly, whose mother lifts up dumb- bells of 2011bs. weight, as if they ordinary baskots; whilst her son, who keeps a liquor saloon, chucks them about like nuts. The Turf, Fitld, and Farm, however, sagely observes that what a dumbbell weighs and what it is said to weigh are two distinct things, mid it suggests that Mr. Kelly Bhould accept the challenge ot Barnum's Hercules, who is modestly content with dumb-bells of 2011bs. only. Another paper remarks that if either dumb-bells foll on a spec- tator's toe, and the spectator was bf-a jocoaOi. mind, his joke would be e*r<"ruc'fl(i'ii<|li/ funny. 