MORE NEWS PROM THE " SUMMERLAND." A SENSIBLE letter appeared in the Herqjdol Friday last propounding the following questions :—'" First, where do the spirits reside ? What occupations da they follow, or rather how do they employ their time, or eternity, whichever it may be 1 Is there any distinction in spirit land, or air between the spirits of good and bad mortals ? Are the spirits of all that have died since the creation of man collected together in one locality, and where is said locality ?" Upon such grave and weiglity questions as these we have often pondered ; because the accounts purporting to come from <: the Summerland" are decidedly contradictory, while the employments in which most of its inhabitants are alleged to be engaged are so eminently material, as to be quite irreconcileable with the nature and functions of spiritual beings. We therefore resolved upon consulting our newly imported medium, who, we grieve to say, was not quite sober. He pleads in excuse that he has been making a tour of the city, for wine tastiug purposes, in company with the spirits of Pitt, Sheridan, Fox, Thurlow, Dundas, and some of the four-bottle men of the Georgian Era, aud that it was the badness of the stuff they sampled, and not the quantity he drank, which inade his speech thick and his legs unsteady. We consented to forgive his infirmity this once, on condition that be would bring us into communication with some spirit of rank and consequence—none of your spectral lower orders. In a few minutes he iuformed us that the ghost of his late Majesty, George the Fourth, was present. We might have concluded as much ; for the room stank like a barber's shop. We offered our invisible visitor a chair, just to show him that we had no pride, and then the following conversation took place, through the medium :— M. P.—A great deal of curiosity is felt as to the abode of you spectres ? Where do you live when you are at home ? G. E.—Well, you see, there are a great many of us. Sir Isaac Newton entered into a calculation the other day to show that if the globe were composed entirely of dry land there would be only standing room on it for one third of our number. As it is, we are packed three deep in the circumfluent atmosphere ; and when one of us is called to a circle, he is just squeezed out of the mass, as you extract spawn from a saltnon. M. P.—And do you choose your neighbours? Supposing you to be in the middle layer, somebody's spectral feet would be planted on your spectral head, and your gouty' extremities would rest upon another spirit's occiput. How are these things arranged 1 G. E.—Perversely, sir, perversely. There is Beau BrummelL immediately above me. and he takes a malignant pleasure in wiping his dilapidated boots upon my best wig. Side by side with me are Caroline of Brunswick. Alderman Wood. Mrs. Fitzherbert. and the Countess of Jersey, aud they lead me a d 1 of a life. Nice place, Summerland, very 1 Nice people, too ; if -they were not so illassorted. M. P.—I observe you talk of wigs and boots, and all that sort of thing. Is your world just a repetition of this 1 G. E.—Do you doubt my royal word, Sir ? Ask any of the mediums. Don't they bring you fragments of muslin dresses, and locks of hair, and flatirous, aud flitches of bacon, and—and— ? well, perhaps you will excuse my not proceeding any further : for you will remember I was the first gentleman in Europe, and there are some things which I could not bring my royal lips to pronounce. M. P.—I respect your delicacy. It was the same feeling, no doubt, which prompted you to ask the Earl of Malmesbury for a glass of brandy, on the occasion of your first receiving your bride from Germany. G. E,—Be good enough to avoid that subject, if you please. I hear quite enough of it up there. She has a tongue, I can tell you. And there is that fellow, Moore, pel tiug me with pungent epigrams from morning till night. Who would be the shadow of a sovereign, I should like to know 1 M. P.—But what occupations do you follow ? How do you spend your time? G-. E.—Hang me, if I know. Tbere is not much to be done, as you must be well aware, where you are packed like herrings in a barrel ; but there is a good deal of strong language passing to and fro. You should hear Lord Chancellor Thurlow swear 1 I think the habit has grown upon him since he left the nether world. Poor old Eldon— who is his vis-a-vis—lives in a state of continual anguish, in consequence. Dear old Bags! Nobody knows the depth of his piety, or of. Thurlow's " cussedness." M. P.—You have picked up an American word, I notice. What sort of people do you find the countrymen of Washington, after they have shuffled off their mortal coil ? G. E.—Terribly pushing fellows. And so inquisitive 1 One of them pulled off my wig the other day, in order to ascertain what sort of shaped head I've got. Another offered to swop a pocket book full of greenbacks for my Order of the Bath. A third asked if my name was Turveydrop or Guelph ? Wonderful people, very. • • M. P.—Is there any distinction between the spirits of good and bad mortals ? G. E.—Cannot say. Have never fallen in with any of the former ; nor can I meet with any one who has. Wheu the self-righteous people come to be stripped of their specious disguises, it is astonishing how morally ugly they appear. There is something open and al>ove board about Thurlow's depravity, but wlieu I hear Eldon canting to some of his old episcopal acquaintance, it makes my gorge rise. As we felt that hin late Majesty was gettiug upon tender ground, we requested our medium to intimate to him that lie might retire, which he did, making a valedictory bow—we were told—worthy of Judge Barry. But it was several days before the smell of hair-oil disappeared from the atmosphere of the room. 