THE TOMB OF THE BL2SSED VIB GIN. ON quitting Jerusalem by St. Stephen'S Gate on the east side of the city, one descends through a ravine into the depths of the valley of Jehosaphat, having to .the right and left the Mussulman ceinetery. After passing the bed of the torment Cedron, which is always dry, you perceive on your left the Fagade of the Church of the Assumption, -which is built at the foot of the Mount of Olives, and at some little distance from the grotto where our Lord sweat blood on the eve of his passion. Forty-eight steps, which the feet of thousands have nearly worn away, conduct to a dark and vast chamber, cut out of the living rock, and like that of her blessed Son, is covered with white marble, so that pilgrims may not commit any act of Vandalism by carrying . off fragments thereof. One may repeat of this tomb what Chateaubriand said of the holy sepulchre, that "it will have nothing to yield upon Judgment day ;" for tradition says that the body of Mary assumed into heaven three days after , <}eatli. St. EJelena built here a noble church in honour of Our Lady, but the builders,, following the bad example of the. architects of the Holy Sepulchre, isolated the tomb , from. the rock, leaving only just the block, on which was the tomb itself, intact. The walls of the {Church have all been cut out of the solid mountain, and it is large, but damp and -,dark. This church contains the tomb of Melisinda, wife of Baldwin II. and mouther of Baldwin IV., Kings of Jerusalem. ..This princess conducted the affairs of the ' kingdom for thirty years as regent. Her tomb is to the right on entering the sacred edifice, and it is reported that the vaults below contain also the tombs of St. Joachim, St. Anne, and St. Joseph. But this is probably an error founded on the well-known fact that the Jews usually choose one burial place for all the members of their family. Arculp, who visited the tomb in the seventh century, mentions a church above ground, probably built by St. Helena. It was round like the London Temple, In . the year 1100, Geoffry de Bologne established here a convent of Benedictines, but in 12G3 Queen Joan of Naples signed a treaty with the Sultan, whereby the church passed into the charge of the Franciscans. In the 17th century the Greek schismatics obtained possession of it; but in 1666, Count la Haye, French Ambassador to the Sublime Porte caused the Franciscans to be restored as guardians of the sanctuary. In 1757, the Count de Yergennes obtained from Turkey a firman whereby the rights of the Franciscans were clearly defined, and since that period, as at the Holy Sepulchre, the Greeks and Latins have shared the spot between them. Some authors seem to thiuk that the Holy Virgin died at Ephesus, but this opinion is only founded on a chance phrase inserted in a synodal letter addressed by the Fathers of the Council A.D. 471, to the clergy and people of the city of Ephesus, which contains this unfinished phrase:—"The heresy of the Nestorians are condemned in the town where John the theologian, and Mary the Mother of God—" But the fathers of the Council did not say that Mary died here, but seem only to have wished to call attention to the respect paid to her at Ephesus, as is easily proved by Father Russelli, a monk of the Holy Land, in his work, "On the dogmatic definition of the Assumption of Mary, Most Holy." Tradition says that she died at Jerusalem, in the Cenaculum on Mount Zion, and not at Ephesus. Dionysins the Areopagite, a contemporary of the Virgin, thus expresses himself in the book of "DivineNames" (Book I. Chapter III.), in speaking to Timothy on the subject of the death of Mary, "You remember that when we were assembled near our pontiffs (the disciples), and filled with the Holy Ghost, and, with many of our holy brethren, we reverenced that holy body which was the asylum of the Author of Life^ James, the brothers-cousin or the Lord, and Peter, the great ornament and principal column of the theology, were with us. After contemplating this Holy body, all the pontiffs praised the goodness of the Lord, and Gerotides more than all the rest." St. Meliton of Sardis, who wrote towards the year 170, says in his book "De Transitu Virginia," that the Mother of Gbd .died in Jerusalem. Polycratus, Bishop of Ephesus, who lived in the third century, affirms also that the Blessed Virgin died at Jerusalem ; and Juvenal, Bishop of.tKe city, in reply to a letter addressed to him by the Empress Pulchera, on the subject of the tombs, answered that PrinoeBs thus :—" We have ata ancient and very true itradition, that M&rymost; .holy died at Jerusalem, and was buried in the valley of Jehosaphat— and tliat all the apostles were Miraculously gathered .together around het death-bed, raving been summoned froiii all Mparts of the world fb'r that purpose", for thfey were greatly dispersed over its fcfce." St. Gregory of Tours also wrote in the sixth century :—" Mary was buried in Jerusalem, and over ber tomb Helena, wife of Constantino, built a, fine church." In the sermons of Andrew of Crete, Archbishop of Jerusalem, we find this allusion to the subject: " O Zion ! receive the new queen : prepare for her a tomb, and enrich it with spices." Gueric of Tournay, in his second discourse on the assumption, says :—" No one doubts that the Holy Virgin was buried in the valley of Jehosaphat, where her. tomb is Generated." Urban II., at the Council of Clermont, A. D. 1065, says :—" St. Mary the Virgin died at Jerusalem and was there buried." The ancient Greek ineno logy thus speaks of the death and .Assumption of Mary : " It pleased God to call Mary His Mother, to Himself; He sent to her an angel to announce to her her death. The news filled her with joy. She ascended to the Mount of Oiives and there prayed, after which she returned to her house and prepared for her end. Her son appeared to her. Afterwards, a rumbling sound like thunder was heard, and all the apostles were gathered together, having been brought to her bedside by angels. Having blessed , them, Mary expired. They then buried her, and three days afterwards, God raised her body, and took her to Himself." Another menolodge states that " the apostles saw her rise up into Heaven, and that her tomb was filled with roses." The day of the death of our Lady is believed to have been August 15th, the day on which the Church commemorates her glorious Assumption. The origin of the feast dates back as far as the fourth century. 