A Real Ghost at Last. To the Editor. Sir,—I send you the following statement of facts for your information, and, if you deem it of sufficient im- portance, for the information of your readers. I would not have you think that I have any ambition to become the author of a ghost story, and trust that you will suppress my name (which I subscribe), in the event of your publishing this letter. On Sunday evening last, at about 11.15 p.m., I was returning to my home by what is called.the "pad- dock," in Gipps-street. When about half way between Macquarie and Smith streets I observed something near the fence on tho right- hand side which appeared to me at first sight like a goat. On nearing it, how- ever, it appeared more like a person under the influence of liquor ; and I went up to it with the intention of assisting him or her to rise. I struck a match, which went out ; a second attempt was more successful. Holding it down close, I observed a man's face, about twice the size of an ordinary one. It had a white night-cap on, the eyes were open, the forehead, nose, mouth, and general features stood in bold outline, and clearly recognizable ; the skin of the face was much shrivelled; and appeared like that of an old man. It had stumps of arms from about the elbow, which were held erect. The legs were cut from above the thighs. It had on a sort of short night-shirt, which came only to the loins. I became very much afraid, and made the best of my way towards home. When at the cor- ner of Gipps and Smith streets I met a man, and such was my agitation that it took me several minutes before I could convey to him what had occurred. We at once went back to the spot. The man went up to the object and struck a match, but, immediately sprang back to me, crying out, "It's a —— spirit—get a stone and hit it." My eyes were on the object ; and when he gave expression to those words it went from my sight in some mysterious manner. Since speaking of this I have found that it has been seen before, in exactly the same place and manner, by persons whose names I enclose. No doubt, on the appearance of this statement, the party who went back with me will sup- ply you with his name in confirmation, as I am unac- quainted with him. M. D. Surry Hills, August 17. [Tho writer of the above evidently sends his com- munication in good faith. Some respectable caterer for public amusement should, if possible, secure his ghostship for exhibition. We hope he is no relation to the Kiama imposter. So soon as Blondin, Mr. Parkes, and other theatrical stars and heroes have run their course, the appearance of a real ghost would take like wildfire, and prove the greatest hit of the season.— ED.] A man named Scholfield hanged himself lately at Herding-yard Creek, Stanthorpe. He was suffering from delirium tremens. He had been doing remark ably well as a miner, and had a sum of money in tho Savings Bank. The new Post-office in George-street was again illuminated on Wednesday, and its lively appearanoo J attracted quite a crowd of persons. The gas-fittings svero being testod ; and the clock being also lit up, was put in motion. Among tho visitors within tho build ing wore the Hou. Henry Parkes, Premier ; Hon. Saul Samuel, Postmastor-General ; Mr. Piddington, M.L. A.; Mr. John Alger, Mr. E. 0. Cracknell, Mr. Lambton, Secretary of the Post-oifico ; and several other influential gentlemen. Tho various committees for arranging tho programme for the conversazione for tho opening night, on tho 1st September next, nlso mot within tho build ing on Wednesday. The No. 2 Volunteer Fire Brigade C. C. had a special mooting on Wodncsday, for tho purposo of pre senting a bat and cricket balls to tho top scorers in tho matches they havo contended in last seas-n. Tho presentation was made at the Oddfellows' Hall, and tho members did not forgot to make a proper evening of it, inasmuch as upwards of sixty couple had a jolly . quadrille party, and spent a very pleasant evening. j The bat was presented to Mr. William E. Pearson, as ! tho top scoror, by Mr. Superintendent Oamb, as also two balls-ono to Mr. Frederick Póai-son, and ono to Mr. James Carroll, junior, as top bowlers. The nbovo were mounted with sdvor, suitably inscribed. After tho prefontations had boon accoptcd, suitablo addrossos were mado, and happily responded to. Tho company wore also amused by the dancing of Mr. George Brown and tho harmonious strains of Mr, Joseph . Pearson and other gontlçmon amateurs. 