. LITERARY NOTICES. ÏHH " Oriontal Sporting Magazine" from June, 1826 to June 1833, has boon reprinted and published by H. S. King and Co.,' but for what purpose it would be difficult to say. As samples of what we may j call tho sporting literature of a past time those ; volumes mnysorve as foils to show tho superior ' merit of tile samo sort of literature as it exists now, . but certes they will answer no othor useful pur- pose. The narratives given in thom nvo coarsely . written, but in some casos show marked contrasts. . Tho majority of sporting narratives of this kind ' show sportsmen to a disadvantage, or rathol' lower thom to their proper place among the inferior animals. We can appreciate the daring of man who boldly sosk the haunts of noxious animals for tho purpose of destroying such animals.îbut who can appreiiato the goodness of sportsmen who can hunt a poor young antelope to death ? So far ns morals are concerned, the herd of antelopes men- tioned in tho following extract wore unques- tionably superior to tho morciloss men who pttr 1 sued them. T'n dogs had singled out a young antelope from tho herd. Altar making a small olronlt, she undo full till forillo herd, vrillait started at ns, snuffed the air, mid Iben bounded nwav as if regardful only of their iwn safely. Out Instead of fol- lowing up tho prfuulple tliat generally actuates Hie liuinun raes-tattvc qui peut-they made a noble utlempt to save the pursued, lutr.isied young one. Slaoltenlng their pace, they allowed her to load, keeping lu a compact body In lier rear, in that maimer completely cover- ing the retreat. To foll tills manouvre we turno J thclic-iid of Hie herd, hy which means wo brought tho young ons Into the roar again. They then tried another stratagem, which was to ¿hoot aoroubackwards und forwards between us and the object of our pursuit, so bold and fearlessly, that wltha pistol-shot '.ve might have brought some of t hclrsoarlpg antlers to the ground. Suoh n mingling nnd confusion Badly perplexed tho dogs, nud this was rendered worse by thu herd suddenly separating, darting off lu different directions, and then reuniting li repeat tho same prank. Itwasouly by keeping our eyes undeviat- ingly Uxcd upon our prey that we wei-oitblc to* keep up any thiug like a determined ohasc. After n hard race of about fifteen minutes, wc came lo a nullah ; thc itill-groim antelopes sprangroross without a moment'** pause; ono of them, which mlcht 1* ive been tho mother, looking wistfully bach as If to encourage tho young ono in thc leap: sheinl-ised the ölitance, struck against thooppotdte bank, und fell i"to the uiilluh. Tho dogs had crossed, and, teemingly awuro themselves of tho inutility of following thc herd, turned to their master» for further orders- We laid them on lo tho young antelope, who had regained thc* bank of the nullah ou which we were, »nd ran for a short distance further down, where ahornado another nttempt to leap, but with no better Bucees» ; she foll headlong down, and tho dogs fastening ou, thc work of death was soon accomplished, "Musical Recollections of the Last Half Cen- tury," by Mr. Planche-, and published by Tinsley, is ono tho most interesting books of the past year, and promises to become a standard work in our literature. It is essentially a book of gossip dramatic, literary, biographic, and musical, lt was published in detail, and in fragments in TixsLKY's MAGAZINE, birt the fragments are now j collected into a whole, anti form- two handsome ; volumes, which are nicely printed, and pleasantly and amusingly written. Ao* a. critic; Mr. Planche is- sometimes too stilted, and too apt, also, to jogard whatever pleases himself ns-tho- beau ideal of. nil-possible excellence. Tras is a defoct which pertains io many professional eriticJ, and to-none more* so than to the so- called musical critics, i Waiters oí thia stamp seo no. beatty in any mu- sical performance, unless it approximates tho per- formance oí somcrgrc.it artist, s'lcb'tis Mwlibnm or Pasta,. Jenny Lirra or Rubini. Were such critics to attempt to'critically estimate tl» ? comparative inerite-of the flowers in a HowcT>garaen,.aio; woultliimprobably select some one or two -flowerS'ii surpassingly beautiful, ami regard all ¡the other as worthless>. ignoring tho fact that each ? itowervi distinguished uy a beauty peculiarly.' its- own And, as-K'.is wiWi-flbwers, so ia it witYnrtistS-am musicians,1 for no-matter how widelythoy difïer each displays some excellence which serves to dûs tlnguish its possessor from all other members« tho samavprofèsston, ' Oar author's comparison «I Sphor'a JPiiutb, andi tho moro popular and bettet known Faust of Gounod, forcibly illustrates-thes-i remarks. . . ' ?' But, sotting-.nll those-faults aside. thora-remaiuE a- very Inigo- fund of pleasant reading in-.these musical rccolloetioE&o;£ If r. Plancho- Prom . hie position as - a- musianL and dramatic «Hkunnd a dramatic- writer of- celebrity he hadt neceas to varied sources of information, and as lxkkiiows how to use- tho literary wealth at bia disposal teeiiiidum arlan, so* Ins work is replete with in- teresting sketches ot' gvettt singers, pianists,-vio- linists, ttnd other members of tho genus musical, who have astonished the- world by their porforui! ancos duriñg.the last fifty years. Indeed thi-hook is BO gonesally intercoting that wo havo only to open it ats almost any pago in order tarlina something eminently (quotable. At tko olgliW) JMilllianncmU) Concert ot the soawiacf .1SS3, that remarkable violinist..-O.e. Doriiciiiann llull_ already nanied, made-his nppetuiinci.-, an engagement having, been readily offered hint ou ii womit ot tho sura-cm bo liar!, attained ata wcll-iittcmlud coucn-t. previously Riven, Stay tts«4U<t, ut lill If jjosty's-TlH-atro. Conormlng that event, lt .=>»» truly romurkud tliab "m-a violinist his j>lnoj was very high, his toao clear ont! brilliant.. Ul» OKCciitlon prodlptoa;, iiud, for tho 11104t pura, .thoroughly IhiUhcd. Muny of lils-pwgaKcs wore written In two or llu-oo paris-ono In part Jaunty with a melody supported by a timuiltiido-und tlmlr extraordinary difficulty HiuiHiviintud with tho utmost caso und »Uli." Ot hil taste a less.favourable- opinion was oppressed..the. inlvK-c-i hoing teudci-od'to him, that " ll would bowell If lia oe wodi belüg au Imitator, until w.ldcli improvement had beoa nmdo,. ltwuauot likely that ha would command tlio h'^hcrt pos!< tina." This.fi»íi'i'<-, whom M. I'etls has desisnili.ll as " U plut cxscHti'tqye dra vfallmtte* VIVÍHOIM," was L-u-n IVb. ir,. 1810, at Sergen,, soreiitr toviiiw distance from ' hristlanb, In tho euitera.iiart ot Norway. II j derived lils Stat lustri.«-, tlon lu tho rudiments, of luaui-t nt tho royal soU*ol or mtntln nt Ohrlstlaula.and, oontmry to tho withes of lila (nt her, who. designed him for thoOhurcii, left tho university of that tenn, und act nut For Costal In 1339, with tho intcntlou.ot undying under Spohr., Nothing In common hoing found bctueoii master and pupb,. tlioy quickly sopartttedt und tho world might have beard Utile omolhlnir nf the latter hud Innot fulfoji la.wltn ruganlnl, who waa thou mnkhia ii bair iu»Ocr mosy. Altnohlug lilmoelf tn this extraordinary lunn, ho followed him to Purls la lSitl. Falling to ahtn In tho means of livelihood, tuerc, and having boen plündernd of arcjytlilug lie poiuowctl in tho world, oren ol' hi« violin, bo nltumpted to drown himself lu the Belar-1 hut bein« i-jn-ucil oudjestorcd to animation,, ho excited tho Interest of » rloh linly, who, i fancying abo tmcrtta lUcncss In him to * (ion who:» sha bud. Host, nave lütii the friendly shelter ot ber own borne, anti J placed bim und« a uliVHlel-ui, by -whosoearn bo ras speedily . reVored to Inuit li. The mest ItiestWuuhle glf>. Iiowuvc«, ' whu-li this iiowU'-found |iatvnnesa nniiierrcd upoa him waa a. Gnarnevlus' vliilln, with whlnh, fusn'ished from tho muna aoiirco with siiltlclent means, bo started for Itily, lu tlioox. 'noatatlon that a ftuocosfcful o.ireer -was Innn&dlittalv;' before Illili. HavluK suddenly lo depart ton Milne» becauso of lils poJÙlcal oulntuns.lie Iwloolc lilimaV to Boloi/na, whore, at a concert, lie played two compositions, of lils oivn without orchestral accompaniment, nud wm vehemently applauded. From Uolou.ua hs wont to lîoni», Itere, ltwrever, lie dla not have (ho opportunity or pinyin; In public. Tho some tale 1 seemed to await him also nt Naples, lie had arrived there In Hui autumn of 1S3«, hut was not heard till tho following 1 Jftsbrunry, when ho played 'between tho not« or lllccis Aburra»"figaro, at tho Feudo Thentrt, a fantasia or lils-own eomiKisllloii with orchisjral noonmpanluieiitJ. llls: reputa- tion bein« nt last inaüo, lia visited ïalermo omi Mcustua i and. having remained a »hort tl»e at Nnj.'OJ on his return, next went to Florence, Genoa, and Turin, »nd thenco lo Purls and London. Having, after lids, traversed nearly tho whole of Kororo, ho went In 1841 to Amorlca, remaining tboro for nearly two vcars, aud playing lu lül tho towns ol note ond celebrity, lustrad of going bock to Paris, ho mndo on exclu- sion to Algiers In 18«, Bien visited tho south or Frnnoe, and soorood as lt Inclined to settle In Paris In 1817. After »ho french revolution ot 1818, tho waudorliig mania nprvred. to hov© spin fallon upon him i for ho went to. I Brtisjols. and I lien to Norway, with tho Intention of setting i up a uational theatre at Bergen-a solíame willoh fall through bcciuso of his having neglsetod certain formalities, for whloh he wns mulcted in penalties somewhat ungenerously, considering it was his birthplace. This so disgusted bim th.it ho fled toOertruny, und toon afterwards again crosse! tho Atlantic lo tho Southern States of America, After a time tho whim seized him of founding a Scandinavian oolony In Pennsylvania : but this doubtless lins füllen through, since the Inst time he was heard of hs bad como back tn Europa. Although little else than au ItnltaUr of Paganini, Olo Bull wai a unarming violinist. Ills execution was brilliant, and his tono pure. Tlie following relatos to Schumann's music and is fur moro genial thou many of our author's criticisms. At tho second I'hllharmonlo Society's Concert of this year an attempt was mada to obtain a fair hearing for soma of Schumann's music; an overture, scherzo, nnd flnalo being Introduced, only to bo .( rocolvod with Ibo ulmost dead silence ! of disapproval, and to be pronouuned"a display of unat tractive cacophony," whilst the proillotlon was hazarded, til-t " u-it many moro experiments amongst thia composer's works -bad, becauso generally ugly, and csontlully nieagro In ova y form-would bo ventured lu England." LiUo numerous other similar predictions, tho result simply of prejudice, this sweeping condemnation lias not boen en tlrely verified, al though even up to this tinio 3otiiim,nnn'g works aro net so generally accepted ai thoy probably may be In tho future. That thnv will ever talia raak upon tim same lercl with those of Morart, Beethoven, or Mendelssohn, is by no moans likely ; still, meru is so much originality of iuventlou and olcvcrn.'ss of uocslruo timi, und instrumentation. In them, finrtio.il irly lu his symphonies that they will assuredly hold their ground in suite of tho abssnco of any rich or sustained dow of ii.elody. Tho following will show our author in a rather ?waspish -mood. The timo is 1850-7 ; tho subject to be vivisected Madame Schumann. Mdme Schumann, who lind appeared at thc ccco'd con cert, ns well as nt tho second matinee of tho Musical TJn'on and proved herself to ba R pianote of tile highest olass with t. brilliant linger producing the richest and most even tone, und a facility of execution that was only equalled by her taste and fctyle, wus preaent on this occaslou, uot amongst tho audience, where Uer presence would have obtalnod for her both re.ipo:t nnd sympathy, but actually upon tho orchestra, immediately in trout of tim conductor, to whom sho gnvo from limo to time directions, which ho communicated ut second band to tho orchestra and vocalists! If th j lady h irtolf wera so di void of good tnalo cs not to have pcrcclvod that sha wai entirely out of plncn in this position, tho directors at IcaBt ought to luve saved her from herself by Insisting upon her absence. If they had, howovcr, requested her pretence, they were doubly culpable,. From this und various other circum- stance;!. lt was Impossible for either band, principals, or I chorus, to bc nt their ease.. As for thc conductor, ho was munn moro puzzled than complimented by un interference that BUgurstcd incompetency on lils part, and a positiva inability to guide Ills forbes without superior direction. There could be no doubt of tba f:ict, that not a simile hearer carried away ono note oMho music, to which ho had been f jr several Imum listening. Tho whole affair was ns crude as it was u.ttravtigaut, whimsical, and tuilutcllhitblc, overloaded with oaprlco, and tot illy devoid of a ghost of a melody. Tho performance, under so m my dis advantages, wns, moreover, ns Indifferent as could woll bc. cjuadvod. Aldmo. ¿Ind-Qoldschmldt's volco, worn and strained ns lt ulreaüy was, seemed to bo moro fatigued and unerjuni than lt had over bceu before ; and Hms sha wai uaable to fi/jlit through "a part which demanded moro powor In tile lower register than she oould possibly lin uart to lt," Tho other singers-Mdmes- Wolss and Lackey, Messrs. lien« sou, Monrem Smith, and Liwler-did all they possibly could with music ns unsympathetic as over hal been written : but, belton at the outset, they ono mid all went through what was set down for them, correctly enough, hut without a spark of anlmntiun. The ccMnevs with which tho entire performance i waa receive! iras fearfully disheartening! but to no ono could it hara been more distressing than to Mdmo Schumann her .sïlf, who could but bc aware of " tho disappointment and ttverilon of tito audience, whilst she had to endure tho palu of wimping a d if cat" that would have been couflrmed by tin most vehement demonstrations, of derision. Ind not the ntidl enco been restrained by tbs presence of lloynltv. . -Daring t'.ie wholi of the ssa 'on of I8SÍ), Mdme. Schumann continued to hu'dlhe very first position ns a pkmltte of thc lilr!i?5t mark, being engaged nt tho New Philharmonie Öcoicly's concerts, afi -.veil us at thos3 of Ibo older Instituí len, the Musical Union, and ninny other minions. Miss Arabella Goddard was likewise conspicuously brought before the public on her return from Germany, on willoh account Comparisons between Jtdnie. Schumann and herself were unwisely drawn, and with but a small amount of fuirno?* or consideration for either tho ono or the other. Tho younger of tho two was rapidly rising into faino: tho other-had already visen. To have pitted them, therefore, against encl! other, whilst it was most Injudicious, could but ! causo nu amount of bitterness to aviso, as painful as lt was undesirable. I Musical raiders have reason to bo grateful to i Mr. Plancho for having published his Recollée I tions; for the said recollections whilst thoy ' nniuso tho reader tomi to instruct him 119 to tho . loading characteristics of tho world'of art during tho last half century, by supplying him with infor- mation which could scarcely bo obtained in a col ; lected form from any other source. 