At Her Mercy. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LOST SIR MASSINGBERD," "A PERFECT TREASURE," &c.; CHAPTER XLIII. AN HISTORICAL ERROR. "Two gentlemen, to see you, Sir," said the servant, entering the study at The Cedars. "Mr. De Coucy and"—— "Show them in, show them in," cried Mr. Hulet impatiently, putting aside his news- paper, "my dear De Coucy" The words of welcome died on his ups, for close behind that well-tried friend hobbled John —Lord Dirleton. "To what am I indebted for the honour of this visit ?" enquired Mr. Hulet stiffly. He had not forgotten the insult put upon him in that very room, and his pale cheek flushed with anger at the sight of him. "To my friend and relative's sense of justice," answered Mr. De Coucy. "Yes, yes, that's right—and to my Jack," added His Lordship, in what he flattered himself was a lower key. Mr. Hulet motioned them to chairs. "Thank you, yes, I'll sit down," said the old Lord ; "glad to do it, Sir. (Wouldn't have done it the last time for £1,000, though ; not a bit of it.) I am come here— and an infernally disagreeable thing it is to do—to acknowledge myself in the wrong, Mr. Hulet. When I told you two years ago that you were looking to hook my Jack because he was a good fish for your niece, I committed a great impertinence both to that young lady and yourself. I can't say more—and never before said half so much to any man ; no, by gad." "You have said quite enough, Lord Dir- leton, " answered the other courteously. "If you had known my niece, such a statement indeed would have been unpardonable ; but being ignorant of her character—and I may add of mine, though that is of less conse- quence—and judging her by ordinary standards, the idea was natural enough." "I must tell her myself, though," was the unexpected reply; " wouldn't miss seeing her on any account. Upstairs, isn't she ?" "She is in the drawing-room, I believe," answered Mr. Hulet coldly, for His Lord- ship's "thinking aloud" were by no means less objectionable in his eyes from the fact that they were evidently involuntary; "she is, however, far from well to-day, and scarcely fit to receive company." "Lord Dirleton's visit here is as much on her account as on your own, my dear Hulet," urged Mr. De Coucy gently. "Yes, by gad," assented His Lordship, "and more too. Never should have come near the house but for her and Jack. You have received very scurvy treatment, Mr. Hulet, at my nephew's hands, though indeed he was quite unaware of the wrong he was committing. All his wife's fault, confound her ; for my part I never liked the girl." "He has made most ample apology and amends, Lord Dirleton, and nothing more needs to be said upon that matter ;" and Mr. Hulet glanced uneasily from His Lord- ship towards Mr. De Coucy. "Oh, De Coucy knows all about it," con- tinued the old Lord, interpreting his look aright; "Jack and I have no secrets from him. Knows about how the screw was put on you—a most infernal shame—and what you really did that got you under her thumb. Foolish of you, very ; all resulting from obstinacy of disposition —disinclination to own yourself in the wrong (throw one's wife into the sea rather than doit; umph, strong measure); Still, you suffered for it beyond all reason. What a life you must have led ; worn me to fiddle- strings, I'm sure. You should have grasped your nettle. Throttled Judith; by gad I would. As it is, the sting is left in my poor nephew. Yes, Sir, he's a broken man" listen to me, Mr. Hulet," continued the old Lord, in pleading tones, "for I love the lad, and cannot afford to lose him. The idea of the fraud to which he was a party—although as innocent of it as De CJoucy here or myself—preys on his mind incessantly ; the idea of you and your niece having been ruined in order to fill his pockets is intolerable to him; no reparation, no amends, can lay that ghost. He looks like a ghost himself, Sir. Think of that ; such a line handsome fellow as he was, and all his spirits sunk to zero." "I am sorry to hear this, Lord Dirleton, for I have a genuine regard for your nephew. Still I do not see how his case is to be remedied." "Well, yes, there's one way; that is what I am come about. (Dull old gentle- man, very.) Jack loves this niece of yours still, Sir, and yet is profoundedly conscious of having offended her—by marrying the other, you know—past pardon. Very fanciful of him you'll say, but so it is. How what I have come about is to gain her for- giveness—that will be a cordial to my Jack, I know." "I will guarantee that my niece will grant him that," answered Mr. Hulet; "she loves him, even now, far too well to refuse it; but I cannot permit of your seeing her in person, Lord Dirleton, and conversing with her upon the subject of your nephew. It would only (if I read her feelings aright) awaken memories that are most painful, or perhaps even hopes that can have no possible fulfilment." "Why no fulfilment?" enquired Mr. De Coucy eagerly. "For a reason that Lord Dirleton has expressed, 1 understand, pretty forcibly," replied Mr. Hulet coldly. "He has passed his word, it seems, that his nephew shall never have his consent—and without it I am quite sure my niece will never be Mrs. Heyton—to many into a Regicide's family. Now one of my forefathers, I own"—here he pointed to his respected ancestor above the chimneypiece—''had the honour to cut King Charles the First's head off. 'What I did I am not ashamed of,' were his gallant words, 'and if it were to do again I would do it.' And I am proud to say that I inherit his sentiments." "Here you must permit me to say a few words," interposed Mr. De Coucy, producing from his pocket some old papers and pamphlets, "because, you see, this being an antiquarian question, is in my line, and I have given a good deal of attention to it. You may perhaps have forgotten—for the circumstance occurred when you were in great trouble upon more than one account— that I called at Cliff Cottage on one occasion for the express purpose of seeing you upon this subject; but, as it unfortunately happened, too late to accomplish the object I had in view; that was no less than to remove if possible the objection of my friend and relative to your niece's marriage, founded as it was upon the part played in the national drama by our friend in yonder picture." "He is not my friend," murmured the old Lord sturdily; "the murderous bloody villain." "Nay, nay," protested Mr. De Coucy; "that is certainly not the case, as I have had the pleasure to prove to you. The fact is, my dear Hulet, there has been an historical error here. Your esteemed ancestor may have had all the will in the world to cut King Charles's head off; would have done it, I have no doubt, gratuitously" "For a hundred pounds and preferment in the army," interpolated Lord Dirleton. "That is what his enemies said, my Lord. It is quite possible, and for the sake of our host here, I am most ready to believe it—that bis ancestor would have cut the King's head off as soon as looked at him, and free, gratis, for nothing—only as a matter of fact he didn't do it,' "Didn't do it ?" ejaculated Mr. Hulet, "that is ridiculous. Why, I have had him over my chimneypiece for forty years, quarrelled with my brother-in-law, separated from my only sister, and been at daggers drawn with all my neighbours, just because he did do it. Head that scroll, Sir, that runs round it, 'What I did I am not ashamed of, and if it were to do again, I would do it.'" "Those words were imputed to him, my dear Sir, it is true, but he denied on his trial that he ever uttered them. He never had the opportunity of distinguishing him- self in the way that you imagine. The operation so graphically represented in that picture was performed by the common hang- man, who indeed confessed as much. 'God forgive me,' he said (it was after the other folks had got the upper hand, you know), 'I did it, and I got forty half-crowns for my pains.' " "But this is monstrous, De Coucy; my unhappy ancestor was tried for this very offence, and found guilty—you will find it in the State trials." "Yes ; but you will also find that he was pardoned after all on the ground of insuffi- cient evidence, not to mention that he him- self swore like a trooper (you know he was a trooper) that he had no more to do with the matter than the Archbishop of Canterbury." "Did my ancestor say that? Did he really show the white feather ?" enquired Mr. Hulet, greatly agitated. " Then I must have been dreadfully mistaken in him all aiong." "That is certainly what he said of all the witnesses to his identity. Now if you'll just give your attention to these pamphlets, I'll prove to yon without a shadow of doubt, as 1 have already proved to Lord By the-by, where is Lord Dirleton ?" •*ile is tore," answered tto old Loid, coming into the room, with Evy leaning on his arm, "and in very excellent company. Seeing you both so immersed in antiquari anism, and for my own part preferring youth and beauty, I thought I would join the young *lady in the drawing-room. 'My dear,' said I, ' I am come from my poor Jack, who can't live without you. In point of fact, he is on the high road to the tomb.' So we all are, you know, only I hope there are a few milestones to be yet passed on the way before he gets to his journey's end. Your niece, Mr. Hulet, has not the cruelty to kill ayoung fellow, though she has severely wounded an old one." Here His Lordship pressed his hand upon his heart and bowed profoundly. It was like a scene in a fine old comedy. Dr. Burne in the doorway was rubbing his hands, as a family physician might well do over the fruitful prospects of the house of Heyton. Mr. De Coucy, with his papers and pamphlets, might have stood for the family lawyer, had he not here stepped forward and placed upon Evy's finger a ring which we have seen before, with the crest of her future husband engraved on it. "I told jou once, Miss Evy, that I should give you this on your marriage day ; but since my cousin, the Captain, is so far away, I place it here in proxy for him, a sign of your betrothal—and a very pretty engaged ring upon your pretty hand it looks." >* Covered with blushes and confusion, Evy looked up to thank him, then turned to her beloved uncle to receive from him the con gratulations which his happy smile had already ensured to her, and which she valued more than alL But at that moment Mr. Angelo Hulet was otherwise engaged; he had climbed upon a cbair, and was gravely occupied in turning the picture of his no longer revered ancestor with his face to the wall. "1 was right in principle, my dear," explained he to his astonished niece, as be folded her in his arms, "I'll go to the stake on that; but as to that fellow in the frock and vizard, there has been historical error." 