RELIGIOUS REVIVAL. There was convened on 14th ins tint, in the Pitt-afreet Con gregational Church, a public meeting 'in accordance with the following announcement in the Press : — '? Considerable interest having been awakened' by the good tidings which have been received, during the last few weeks, of very tb- v markable revivals of religion in Edinburgh, Glasgow, . Aberdeen, Newcastie-on-Tvne. and other nlaoes. several ministers of different denominations, after having met several times for prayer and conference, have thought it advisable to hold a public meeting for the purpose of im parting information and of earnestly supplicating the God of all grace for a revival of religion in thia land.' The advertisement closed with a cordial invitation to be present to all ministers who were favourably inclined towards the object of tbe meeting. There were present the Rev. Adam Thomson (Principal of St. Andrew's College), in the chair; the Rev. John Graham (pastor of the Pitt-street Church) ; the Rev. J. H. Fletcher (chairman of the Wes ley an Conference) ; the Rev. Mr. Greenwood, Rev. J. P. Sunderland, Rev. Dr. 'White, Rev. J. A. Dowie,Rev. Allan Webb, Rev. J. C. Kirby, Rev. T. Johnson, Rev. G. G. Howden, Rev. Mr. Pidgeon, and Rev. Mr. Hurst. There were other musters in the body of the church. The audience was a crowded one. The proceedings were commenced with the singing of the 434th hymn of the Congregational hymnal, which begins: — ' Spirit of power and might, behold A world by pin destroyed. Creator Spirit ! as of olu Move on the formless void.' The Chairman then read the 43rd chapter of Isaiah, from the 22nd verse to the end, and the 44th chapter, from the beginning to the close of the 6th verse. In the first portion of Scripture God reproves the people of Israel for their lukewarmness in his service ; and in the second He comforts the Church with his promises. When he had read the portion of Scripture referred to, he called upon The Rev. Mr. Hurst, who engaged in prayer for God to give to tbe meeting, the inhabitants of this city, and the people of the colony, a richer and more abundant outpour ing of His Holy Spirit. He thanked God for the blessed tidings that had reached them from the old country of the important revival which had been begun in Scotland, and prayed that it might reach into every city, every town, every village, every family, and every heart. He prayed God to pour out His spirit upon England, upon Wales, and that it might be poured out upon Ireland ; so that the light c£ :ruth, religion, and virtue might spread throughout that lt»nd. The Chairman said : The public advertisement calling this meeting sufficiently explains its origin and objeots. The intelligence which has recently been received of remark able religious awakenings in different parts of England and Scotland have thrilled the hearts of not a few through- ; out the various Churches, and have excited a desire that opportunity should be given for their meeting together— j others being invited to. meet with them— that they may unite in common thanksgiving to the God of all grace for ! what he has wrought in many of the towns and cities of our fatherland, and that they may offer up common suppli cation for like outpourings of the Holy Spirit among our- , selves, that the formality and deadness which too eadly - prevail within the Churches among us may be broken in upon by deep searchings of heart, issuing in new religious life and zeal and power— in sew Christian consistency and earnestness and holy activity ; and that the ungodliness aud ; worldJiness, and the manifold forms of infidelity and ; wickcdness, which abound beyond the Church, may be 1 startled and largely overborne— ^as these ever have been — before the rising spring- tide of a revived Christianity. May the present meeting be itself the beginning of good things with us, the Lord fulfilling his word: ^ Prove me now herewith,' saith the Lord of Hosts, ' if I will not open for you the windows of heaven, and pour out a bless ing till there benot room to receive.' The 435th hymn, ' Come Holy Spirit, Come,' having ? ,been sung, The Rev. Mr. Graham said that a number of ministers of religion of nearly all denominations had been meeting together for some weeks, on the Monday mornings, to make intercessory prayer and supplication to God for the revival of ' His work in their various churches. They had been stimu lated to a certain extent by the good news they had re ceived from their fatherland bf the very remarkable reli gious manifestations that were taking plaoe at the' present time, and which they devoutedly believed was the work of God. After much prayer and deliberation it was thought by the ministers of this city that they ought to call their people together here, and ask them to sympathise with the great movement, and unite in prayer and suppli cation for the outpouring of a similar blessing upon Sydney and upon New South Wales, and upon the several colonies around. As he (Mr. Graham) happened to be somewhat conversant with the news from home in relation to this revival, his brethren asked him to give at this meeting some information concerning, it. Of course, this implied that he should read a good deal to them; and they had said to him that he might take half-an-hour or three -quarters, as it was very important that they should have clear ideas of what was going on in the mother country, and be Bhown that the hand of God was in the woik. He thought at first of writing a paper on the nature, the agents, the instruments, and the results of this great work of God in England and Scotland; but then he thought he could.do the same thing with much less trouble to himself, and muoh more benefit to them, and would first 'simply read the evidence of eye-witnesses who had mixed and taken part in the work — who were men of such high character that their very names would bear weight through out the whole of the Churoh of God, to the extreme limits of Christendom. They would permit him to say that he did not look upon this meeting as a revival meeting,' in the sense of being direotly in 1 the conversion of souls to God, though their hearts rejoiced in the hope that it would prove to be so. The prinoipal object of this meeting was to give information to the Churches, not so much Dy a .combined movement, although they believed that would grow out of it, as to stimulate them to persevere with the work of Christ in a more believing, earnest, and loving spirit, more directly expecting the pre sent power of the Holy Ghost to work in connection with the Word for the conversion of souls. He had read a great deal in connection with this great movement in Scot land and England, and since the announcement of this meeting had been published, and it was known that he was to speak about the religious revival in the mother country, a perfect shower of periodicals and newspapers were brought to him— so large that it would take him a long time to read them himself, and too muoh of the meeting's «mn to read them to it. Before he read the testimony of eyewitnesses of this revival, he desired to state that he as firmly believed that the great movement they described was the result of the present power of the Holy Ghost in the Church as he believed the conversions ef Pentecost to have been the result of that Spirit's operations. This was hi? firm belief; and his anxious desire to-night would be to bring a similar conviction to them, and to lead them and all to united prayer, with the hope that they might obtain the blessing, and that their oountry might be watered, refreshed, and made spiritually free. The Victorian Inde pendent, in describing the characteristics of the revival, said: — The last month's papers from Great Britain continue to to give accounts of the revival ot religion there. Amongst its prominent features may be noted the following 1. Tbe number of respected and intelligent ministers and laymen who have been workers in it. 2. ItB principal seat (Edinburgh), a place which, during the previous Scotch revivals of the present century has, we believe, been almost unviaited. 3. The quiet, though solemn character of the services. 4. The measure in Which the sung ' word— if we may be permitted so inharmonious a phrase— has contributed to their success. 5. The depth and intensity of the movement, unparalleled, it is said, since the evangelic revival with which the names of Whltfieldand Wesley are associated. 6. The fact that all olaases of society, and all kinds .of minds have been reached; most successful meetings having been held alike amongst working men, students, and the most intelligent of Edinburgh's laity, and numbers of infidels having been re claimed. 7. The union of the various bodies of Christians in the work, and the sympathy and co-operation of many who have not participated in any previous revival. 8. The religious interest which appears to nave remained after the close of the evangelists' labours. Such signs aa these lead us to hope that this revival is in a marked sense the work of God, while we are encouraged to pray ihat God, who has favoured this young land with so manyblesB ings, my crown all gifts by the bestowal of a deep, general, and permanent revival of true religion amongst us. The first, extract he would read was from the periodical called the ' Congregaiouolisi,' edited by the Ikv. Mr, Dale, of Birmingham, the worthy and -powerful successor of the great preacher and Evangelist, the Rev. Johh Angell James. An eye-witness .nf the .revival in New castle on Tyne, gave the fQlJowpng -description in the ' Congregationalist,' of the manner in which it had been conducted in that northern city : — ' ! 1. Tiife Vi4-dB^Meiting^-riEh ja.T» £arpray«, and,-ja thc ' hab ' of die wfcele' movement* .the- bentre 'of power. 'It continues to this day; but we -will describe it a8 it was, with Mr. Moody present,- though it is .essentially still the same. , He is presiding ; in a sharp business tone, be announces the dumber and first line' of a hymn out of Phillips's book. Mr. Sankey leads. Every head 1b then bent in alleot prayer. The leader eeads.out requests for prayer, perhaps forty or fifty, like this: 'The prayer's of .. God's people are earnestly asked by a widowed mother for her eon's salvation— he is at the point of death.' ' For two brothers wandering from God in America.' .'For a minister in great perplexity, as to the line of his duty.' ' For the work of God began last night in such and such a part of the town.' '?Intelligence by telegraph that there is a revival of religion in the city of Worcester ; those present are requested t® pray that it may deepen and extend.' All these are real cases, and there arc hundreds like them. . This part ol the meeting is very solemn and affecting. Some one is then called on to give audible expressions, to the praying spirit of the as sembly. Another hymn, a brief passage of Scripture, and three minutes' exposition, and the meeting is open. Any one can then report, exhort, or pray. To quote Mr. 8kerrr : ' Everything necessarily has to be done sharply and briefly ; no long prayers, no sermons, but something short and to the point. So intensely interesting have these meetings become, that tie forty or fifty who started them now see themselves sur rounded daily by five or six hundred persons. Often, too, after these meetings will be found several who have stayed behind for religious conversation, and numbers go away rejoicing in having found Christ at the mid-day meeting.' 3\. The second meeting of 'he day may bea merchant's meeting. We say may be, because this was only very occasional — indeed there were only three held in Newcastle during Mr. Moody's visit. The writer, was present at one. The aim was to preach the Gospel to the higher middle class. This meeting was not unlike an ordinary teligious service, save that there was a studied adap tation all the way through of means to endB. A hymn out of Phiiiips's book, an earnest prayer for the blessing wanted there and then, a solo from Mr. 8ankey with a deep nat&os; in it, that went over the great human field, like a ploughshare, laying bare and open every sensibility to the next impression ! This song was so affecting that nearly every one was in tears, and legitimately so. Then came Mr. Moody with seed for the open furrows on the text, 'There is no difference '—opening oot (1) man's depravity —without any essential 'difference:' (2) God's way of salvation; (8) Earnest appeal, based on tbe unutterable and unthinkable love of God. Hit illustration ef that matchless love could never be forgotten. He ceased, And Mr. Bankey clenched, the impression with the solo— *' Come home ! come home ! Ton are weary a' heart, For the way haa been dark And so lonely and wild. 0 1 prodigal child ! Come, home ! oh, come home!' A prayer or two, and another sacred song perhaps, and the stylish meeting in tbe Assemb;y Booms was over, never by some to be forgotten, as we trust to all eternity.' ? 3\. The Evching Meeting.— Details tempt as, but we forbear. In those held in some central church, with rooms convenient for the after meetings, great assistance was given by the ministers of the town. The addresses by the well-trained and thoroughly educated ministers were often masterly exhibitions of the alphabet of Christian truth— the skilled eye oould see the back bone of a grand theology through all the passion of appeal— as different as light from dark— literally — from the flimsy, lurid revival addresses tone has heard. Towards the close, opportunity was given to any to withdraw. Hundreds stayed to a second meeting. This was sometimes f allowed by a third. Gradually the deeply impressed and anxious were left— these, drafted into the lecture-rooms and veBtries o£the church, were conversed with by many ministers and friends, scores being led each night direct to Christ. In all the later part of the whole of the evening services Mr. Moody would be engaged with great dis crimination in seeking out and speaking with the anxious. A record was kept at each church where the services were held of the name, address, and church ot the person spoken with, to which was appended a note as to their state of mind. ' ? Information was immidiately sent to tbe respective ministers, so that such cases came at once under pastoral care, and the consequence was large additions to the churches. These additions, hi the majority of cases, were of persons of considerable Christian intelligence, who needed only decision to bring them within the Kingdom of God, ' near ' to which they had been long lingering. Add to these meetings a young converts' meeting ; two or three ' for operatives and their wiveB in the Tyne Theatre, to. which admission was by tickets given out in the factories ; ' meetings in the neighbouring towns and villages, for the fire spread rapidly ; a great Christian convention held on November 12, at which an immense conoouree of Christian men gathered from the north-east ef England to discuss for seven hours the work of God; preach ings of twety minutes during the dinner-hour in some of the factories; Bible classes in others, at breakfast-time: in the churches revived services, larger congregations, multiplication of special meetings, the invention of new agencies, a marked in crease of membership, ministerial work facilitated; and our readers will have some idea ot the power, breadth, and, as- we hope and believe, permanent effect of the Lord's work here. As it happened, the jubilee Bingers were in this neighbourhood for the last fortnight of Messrs. Moody and Banker's sojourn, and their exquisite rendering of their inimitable; sacred pieces, sung with the religious passion which is one of their characteristics, told with great effect on the thousands who heard them, giving an impetus to the still gathering tidal wave of the great revival. Such was the work which was going on in Newcastle, and we(rejoioed to think, that that work still goes on. He might give similar accounts of the work of ,reviyal in 1 Carlisle, but he should refrain from doing eo, and direct their attention for a short time to Edinburgh, where the work of revival had been commenced ; and he thought he could not do better than read for them a letter written by a great and good namesake of the chairman's, one of the most respected and devoted of Edinburgh's gifted ministers, the Rev. Andrew. Thomson, of Broughton-place church, Edinburgh. -Although Bome of them might have read this letter it would so commend itself to them, that he did not doubt but they would be glad to follow him through it sentence by sentence. The Rev. Mr. Thomson wrote to the Edinburgh Daily Review as follows : — Sir,— After the labours ol Messrs. Moody and 8ankey in Broughton-place Church for a week, I am sure you will give me some space in your paper for the statement of a few facts aud impressions. I should consider it a very superfluous work to aay anything of the trustworthiness of these excellent men. They have come amongst us not as unknown adventurers without ' letters of commendation,' but as long-tried and honoured labourers in the fields of evangelism in their own country, and more recently in Newcastle and other towns in the north of England, where there appears to have been a pen ti costal blessing, in which, every denomination of Christians has shared. Ana the ministers, and elders, and deacons of our different churches that have gathered around them every evening, and shared with them In their Messed work, prove tbe confidence in 'which they are held by those in whom the Christian people of Edinburgh are accustomed to place confidence. The service of song conducted by Mr. Sankey, in which music is used as the handmaid of a gospel ministry, has already been described in your columns. I have never found it objected to except bv tbose who have not witnessed it. ThoSe who have oome ana heard have departed with their prejudices vanquished and their hearts impressed. We might quete in commendation of this somewhat novel manner of preaching the gospel, the words of good George Herbert:— ' A verse may win him who the gospel flies, And tun delight into a sacrifice.' . There is nothing of novelty in the doctrine which Mr. Moody proclaims. It is the old gospel— old, yet always fresh and young too,— as the living fountain or the morning sun— in which the substitution of Christ is placed in the centre and presented with admirable distinctness and decision. « * « # ? « I wish once more to call attention to one essential feature is the action of these good men— the daily noon-day meeting for prayer. It began some weeks ago in-an upper room m Queea-street &aU.; That was filled after a. Jew days. Next it was transferred to Queen-street Hall, which is capable of holding 1200 persons. It was not long ere this became overcrowded, ana now there are full meetings every day in the Free Assembly HalL whioh is -capable of holding some hundreds more. It is a fact with mamin. fa it, that simultaneously with the increase in the noon-day meeting for prayer has been the increase in |attendanee in Broughton-place Church at tbe evening addresses, and also in the number of in quirers aiterwardB. » » » * I was much struck by the variety among the inquirers. There were present from the old man of seventy-five to the youth of eleven, soldiers from the Castle, students from the University, the backsliding, the intemperate, the sceptical, the rich and the poor, the educated and the uneducated; and' in how many instances were the wounded healed and the burden released 1 It may be encouraging to Christian parents and teachers to be told that very much (3 this marvellous blessing, when once begun In a house, has spread through the whole family, and those who already had the knowledge oi divine truth in their mincts by early Christian education formed by far the largest, p roportion of the converts. The seed waa there sleeping in the soil, whioh the fnflncnce from above quickened into life. There was a considerable number of soeptios among the inquirers, but their speculative doubts and difficulties very soon became of no account when they came to have a proper view of their Bins. Bome have already come to tell me ot their renuncia tion of unbelief, and their disdpleship to Christ. One has publioly announced that he can no longer live In the ice-house of cold negatiotiB, and ha* asked Mr. Moody to publish the address wh eh b'ought right to hiBheait, and to circulate it far and wide over the land. ? ? . - ^7 I witnessed no excesses in. the inquiry rooms, -but there waa often deep and melting solemnity, sometimes the sob of sorrow, and the whispered prayer of contrition or gratitude. There must, however, occur at times imprudent things and expes^fia cornection with even the best^rorks that have imperfect though good men employed about them. But cold criticism that is In search ef faults, or ultra-prudence that attempts nothing from fear of making mistakes, is not the temper 'in which to regard such events. I would cot dare to take either of these positions, ' lest haply I Bhould be found to be fighting against God.' , : -? He would not go on to read very much more. He had intended to read'- to that congregation ' a letter .of ' Dr. - Horatiufi Bonar— a name associated with, all that was pure, evangelical, and lovely in the practice Of ^Christianity.. He : would read a part of that letter. The writer commenced by saying— Sir.— Ton may wish to have my impressions of what is now , passing in our city and stirriag our community so deeply. I give you these in as short a space as possible ; asking you, at the aama time, not to trust to my judgment, but to come and form your own opinion, with all calmness, of that which frota first to last professes to be a work of God, not of man; yet, at the same time, , a work which, as wrought by human instruments, may contain - in it many of the imperfections of the imperfect agent. The . homeliness of the earthen vessel does not prevent , the treasure . from being heavenly, nor make it impossible that the excellency of the power should bo of God. It will not be denied that the thing which has so suddenly ap- . peaied among ub, and atirred the placidity of our literary city, looks, in many res pec te, very like what we have long desired and - prajed for; eo that the news of suoh a movement . should not repel but attract ns, as being, perhaps, the very thing which we , have been longing for ; not the less likely to be so because it brings no honour to ourselves, and owes nothing of its power to . the enticing words of man's wisdom in any form, whether of polish, of logic, or philosophy. Tbe movement carries on its face an intensity of earnestness - which leaves one in no doubt as to the single-heartedness of the workers. With them Christianity is not a creed merely, but a living energy which ought to carry everything before it. This much must be said at the outset in the way of disarming hos- '. tility. Let us not, however, look at the work from without, but from within. Let us throw ouiseivea into it, and then form our ? judgment. I think that in so doing right-thinking men will not ' merely withdraw opposition, but feel constrained to sympathise and approve. The evening crowds in (he two Assembly Halls, the more fatbionable afternoon audiences in the city ehurchcs, the five thousand men that stood packed densely together in the Corn. Ex charge, the eager gatherings of young men, the two thousand that have for. nearly a month crowded into the noon prayer meeting daily — these are plain evidences that the movement is - already a mighty fact, whatever may be its import or its. philosophy. ' * « ? ? * . ? But the work must be done. It is too great and too important to be let alone. Confronted as we are with tbe augmenting mass of human evil, we must fight it, or we must go down before it. ' If we do not deal with it, It will soon deal with us. And how can we deal with it, save by a power from above, and by. the use of aremfedy which contains, in solution within it, the potency of a divine care. Let us not be too scrupulous as to the appearance of the vessel in which we administer the medicine, if we are satis fied that it is for the healing of tbe world. At the same time, I must say that I have not seen or heard any impropriety or extravagance. I have heard sound doctrine, sober though sometimes fervent and tearful speech, , the utterance of full hearts, yearning over the wretched, and beseeching men to be reconciled to God. That I should aocord with every statement, and fall entirely in with every part of their proceedings, need net' be expeeted. Yet I will say, that I have not witnessed anything', sensational or repulsive. During the spiritual movements which took place in Scotland about thirty years ago, in moat of which I. had part, I saw more of what was extreme, both In statement and. \- proceeding, than Lhave done of late. There was far more of ex citement then than there is now. The former movements depended' far more - upon vehement appeals, and were carried along more by the sympathetic current ef human feeling than the present.' When tbe present movement began I feared lest there should be « repetition of some of the scenes which I had witnessed in other days, and I did not hesitate to express my fear to brethren. -My. fears have not been realised, I have been as regular in my attend ance at the meetings as I could, and though I will not say that there was nothing whioh I might not have wished different, yet I' ' have been struck with the exceeding calmness at all times— the* absence ol excitement— the peaceful eolemnity pervading these immense gatherings of two or three thousand people, day. by. day— the strange stillness that at times so overawed us ; and II felt greatly relieved at the absenoe of those audible manifesta tions of feelings common in former days. He passed over the remainder, although it was profoundly interesting, and he should not read any more, except to give one fact or two, before he sat down. He had marked an, extract that deeply touched himself — he oould not altogether pass it over, for it was the latest intelligence from England, kindly forwarded to him by hie friend and deaoon, Mr^ Fairfax, who, he regretted, was unable to be present that evening; It was in the March papers that he found the following accounts : — The revival movement north of the Tweed continues unabated, especially in Glasgow, where the crowded services, including several noon-day prayer meetings, continue. All classes of the community— rion and poor, old and young, parenta and children — are affected by the movement, and the work now seems to go on with undiminished interest, whether the American revivalists take part in it or not, and most of the clergy of all denominations are unitedly and actively engaged'in it. One of the meetings re cently held haa been that of fallen women in the Lesser Trades* Hull, About ISO were brought in by ladies and gentlemen who had gone to seek them in' the streets, and having been provided with a hot supper and tea, they were addressed by Dr. Wallace and others, and about twenty-five consented to enter various I establishments with a view of regaining a position of respecta bility. ASsome of the meetings aeoounts are given of the pro gress of the revival. At. one Mr. Moody said that the news of what4 was going on in Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Dundee, had stirred up other places, a&d; special services were now being held in almost all the towns and villages of (Scotland. A Liverpool i minister reported that prayer-meetings had already commenced there ; another from' Yorkshire said that in some places in that county there were united services and much inquiry. Lord Pol warth told of the interest aroused in the work in the country districts of the east, and a clergyman from Edinburgh said the movement was deepening and widening In that city. Oh Satur day week there was an overflowing noon-day meeting in Welling^ ton-street United Presbyterian Church specially devoted to children. Both Mr. Moody and Mr. Bankey were present, and a series of suitable hymns were sung, led by the latter, the former giving a short address, and other ministers doing the same. Next day, Snnday, the City Hatl was crowded at nine a.m. with young men, and an impressive service followed, and there was in the '' evening a meeting in Free St. David's Church of men converted during the Glasgow special services. In the evening also the City Hall was crowded, many persons being.unable to gain admis sion. Addresses were delivered by the Eevds. Dr. Wallace, Mr. Scott, and G. Beith. Mr. Sankey was present, and along with a select choir sang ' a number of hymns. On the same day the special services throughout Glasgow were numerous and the attendance large, several of them being devoted to individual classes of the population. On Monday week the noon-day meeting was crowded to excess, . many having, to go away, being unable to find admission. It was calculated that no leas than' 1800 were present. The meeting was conducted in a similar maimer to those held previously— Mr. Moody presided, and made a few remarks ; Mr. Sankey and the choir of ladies aangr a selection of hymns. A lengthy list of special requests for prayer was read, and tbe meet ing engaged in silent prayer. The Bev. Andrew Bonar read a. portion of the Beok of Samuel, and made some appropriate remarks. The meeting was then declared open, and encouraging reports were given by several ministers and laymen relativete the work being carried on in Glasgow and in different towns and vil lages in the country. One speaker stated that the movement had created a deep impression at the west end of the city. A number of gentlemen followed with accounts of the results ef the move ment especially among young men and also domes tio servants. Amongst the meetings held in the evening was the first of a series of nightly prayer- meetings, begun by the Independent Order of Good Templars which was held ia the Grand Lodge HalL It was explained that the object ef the meetings was to offer prayer to God on behalf of temperance.- At Tuesday's meeting Sheriff Campbell said he had left Edinburgh that morning, ana was glad to be able to tell them that the work was going on as satisfactorily as ever it had dome. They had,, hewever, entered en a new phase of ihe movement. Instead of paying so much attention to the organisation ef 'their own meetings, they were sending out men who had seen all that had beta going on to tell tt to thepeOple in the towns and vfliages of Scotland. The specia requests for prayer are prominent at all these maetingg. The respite of this work were very numerous. There was put into Ids hands that night an extract from a letter from their devoted, loving, noble brother in Christ, who had 5 reached more than enoe in that pulpit — the Rev. A. N. lacray, now of Torquay, and he writes to his friend to the following effect : — 'I sen! toil a narrative of the re markable work of God at weaeat going on in Scotland. We are reodving droppings or the saone gracious showers. Lord Radstock, a very devsted Evangelist, ep«»t a week with us lately, and we bad maetin|e twise daily, largely attended, and with hopeful results. I had mare anxious inquirers visiting me last week than during my whale previous minietay. I believe 1874 is to be a veiy remarkable year of graee thravgheat ths world, aid I often re member me colonise at our vnted — sr meetings. Thanks be to God that whaa it waa welflWi than- brother he did not forget Sum. Did not HSwwait a *y to ope* and solve the problem of haw acepnoiaa .was to be Met ? God would put key into the luui of his Churoh. now. They were hot to take this on the logical side, but roi tho , intuition and spiritual side, and they were to take it from Heaven by earnest prayer. Had they not been looking for ' eemtj solution of the difficulty of how to reach the working Classes and others. Ood himself had solved the difficulty— looking at the six. hundred working men oaming up from ifce GhfMHnmitot of Edinburgh, rushing Into ths churoh, falling down, upon their knees, and waking tor mercy — being led in prayer by the very men whom they had once despised. Thev had been looking for a solution of the difficulty oon neoted with ritualism — the ingress of that dark tide that would bear them back to the dark ages and to Judaism ; tut what m tbe solntion ? It was to be fonnd in congre gations baptized with the Holy Ghost, and worshipping in spirit and in truth. When thev had the reality, then ornoifixes, images, genuflexions, priestly robes, and priestly assumptions would melt _ away like the drifting icebergs of the north melting in the waiiu lafritrnjoa of a moderate or torrid zone. Ood himwlf wis showing them what was his Churches' power — power on their knees in orayer ; and the agent that was to go forth and gain die victory through the world was the Holy Ghost, which He sent down from the Father to help his churches to subdue the world. Should they not be loyal to Christ, and lay aside whatever wonlc^ hinder his work. In Scotland, the most logical and the most metaphysical of they had been trying for hundreds of years to solve thejproblem of Church unity, and now God had solved the difficulty. Scotland was now coming to unity on the Kwsis of an inward spiritual life, and in the unity of the spirit, which is the bond of peace— living Christians, and doing his work in the land. The congregation now united in singing the 817th hymn, ,l See how great a flame aspires.' The Rev. J. H. Fletcher said the facts which had tees given to the meeting spoke for themselves, and he thought it was the wiph of all the ministers wno were present to-night that they should as much as possible leave the facta to speak for themselves. They were eo striking, and were so singularly and well vindicated, and so cha racteristic of die working of God's spirit, that they spoke more strongly to their consciences and more directly to their faith than any arguments which they oould employ. £e oould not help feeling, however, in listening to these remarkable statements, that they all had muoh to Irani in reference to this great work of the revival of religion, and \- ef euch a revival of religion as they wished to see and had good reason to hope to see in this intelligent, Btirring, and, to so great an extent, ungodly soepticol nineteenth century. He was quite sure tnere were very many here to-night who felt how true were the words of a vigorous Scottish writer that Christianity was a strong remedy for a strong disease. It was not a mild mixture of sentimentalisxn of whioh the less we hid the better, but it was a strong medicine for a strong disease ; it was a charge of cavalry upon the embattled squares of infantry, which must be conquered and scattered. Their hearts must be encouraged to-night to hope and pray that God, in his own way, and by such instruments as he saw beat, would aesd them a revival of religion which would ««ki» hold of the muses, and take hold of the oentunr as effectually as the great revival at Penteoost took hold of the first christian century and all that followed it There was no doubt that they had much to leant. That great wisdom power to which they all devoutly bowed would choose His «wn instruments, and employ such means as He saw feast. In the metropolis and most of the Scottish oities, there were so many men remarkable not only for intellect and learning, but lor holiness of living and deep thankful ness to God, jet God had been pleased to employ strangers as the first instruments of this great awakening of the masses ; but in whioh, nevertheless, these wise and good men had joined eo heartily, and had shown so strikingly what good men they were by accepting the method which God in his wisdom had been pleased to adopt. He trusted that such was the feeling with them. They had much to lean, and God might be pleased to make little use of many wno might think that God should Hw them ; but God might be pleased to fashion his own instruments, and to choose ana employ instruments of whom previously they had not heard' much. He trusted, however, they were prepared to stand aside, prepared to accept any position, and prepared, if necessary, to stand ?till and see the salvation of God's people. He trusted they were prepared to co-operate in any way with all the instra* stents that God was pleased to use, and they would have a revival which would awaken all the Churches, and awaken all Australia. God had sent them such an awakening, aud he was quite sure that there were many present to night who thought they bad need of it, and that the revival which God sent, owning in what way it would, would be an unmingled blessing. He was sore that what they wanted was a spirit of prayer. He thought he feould not do better than relate an aneodote which perhaps some of those present had already heard. It waa one given to them by Finnie in connection with the American revivals. He told than that in a certain village there.was a blacksmith, a very good man, who stammered, and was quite usable to say as much as he wished to say for Christ On a certain 'afternoon, while engaged & his pmithv, he felt his mind much depressed on aooount of the Church with which he was connected, and he waa so dis turbed that he was constrained to ctoee his smithy and ?peud the afternoon in prayer. It was Friday, and on the following Sunday he visited his minister and asked him to invite those who wen concerned for the salvation -SI their 4Bonls to meet him that afternoon. 'Why,' said the minister, ' I will do it, but I fear it will be of very little wee.' But the minister was astonished to see the great and crowded assemblage of persons oonoerned for the aslvation of their souls, and wno all praised the beginning and conviction on that Friday afternoon when that Eman, unable as he was to open his eloquently towards his fellow-men, haa opened so eloquently to praise God and brought down such an answer as mat. The true revival of religion mnst spring up in prayer, and must be brought out by prayer. There might be some present to- night who felt ne the good blacksmith, that, when thev moke to men, dfcey stammered, but who nevertheless could draw nigh to Ood with confidence. Let everyone pray that thoLord would revive the work, and an answer would be given; and while they prayed let them remember that, whatever dhey might think thov wanted, they oould ask nothing more than God himself had promised. They would do weu to go kerns from the servioe of that evening singing to themselves (some of the words of the glorious hymn in whioh he had iuard them join so heartily: — To bring fire on earth He earns, ^ some it is— Oh ! that all might catch the flame, And partake of (lotions bliss. The Bev. Thomas Johnson then offered up prayer, and Ihe congregation joined in singing the 375th Hymn. The Rev. J. Grebjtwood said they ware called together that night to pray for a revival of religion. What had become of religion f Was it dead ? Had the sublime truths which were taught by Jesus of Nazareth beoome obsolete ? Had the world outgrown this holy revelation from Heaven, which profeesae to make known the whole duty of man r Had the cross of Jesus lost its attractive power? Had the Gospel ceased to be good 'news, and was Jeeus, instead of the living Christ, a mere historical name P God had reserved to himself, even here, more than 7000 men whose hearts say ' no ' to every one of t&ese; questions as emphatically as ever the Church at Jerusalem could have done in the days of the Apostles themselves. , There never were so many Christians in the world as now. Christian morality was never higher than now, and publi j opinion waa never eo much influenced by the Bible and the Church of the living Chid as at ♦!''« day. Was ft not remarkable that the prominent controversies of ihe age were not so much about creeds as about Christ himself. The enemies of religion seemed to have concurred hi saying of Him. « This ' is the heir, oome let us kill him, that the inheritance ntmll be ours.' ' We will kill him.' So said Voltaire and his . coadjutors, who beaated in blasphemous language that they ?raid 'crush the ,wretoh,' but while!they did inflict on \- their country a mortal wound, from which she haa not yet recovered; ««'« of Jeeuswas more honoured in the world to-day than ever it waa since His manifestation in the flesh. The more the foe had determined to attack the citadel of onr faith, and tear down onr blood-stained banner, the more bravely every true soldier of the cross would rally found the old standard, and, he believed that oome what might, there never was lees danger than now that the banner utoald be trampled in the dust Well then, wbat was the matter with them that they were crying out forarevivalof religion? This was tbe matter, they did not get on fast enough. Religion was the same objective j truth which never changed. lt was not dependent upon j human states and conditions, or fluotoating impulses. 1 it Waa just what it had always been. It was thev them selves that needed reviving. Kt was not ensoch **»«* they stood on the defensive and held flair own. They n.nBt 5® more aggressive. The whole world had been given them to possess, and they must never rest until they hed it for Jesus. He had said that there were never more Christians in the world -lhan now, but he had not said that there had never been better Christians now. Let them look at the early days of the Apostles. With the same seal they possessed, and devotion of wealth, and time, and men to Jesus, he believed that a single generation would suffice to have the Gospel preaohed to every human being. He did not say that all could be saved. In every age, in everv land, in every congregation there were some who would not believe. Neither Christ nor His Apostles converted all their hearers, but in every congregation far more might be brought to God than are now by the use of appropriate means which God has put in our power, l^t every Christian man and woman among them live nearer -to God, pray more earnestly, fervently, plead with God, have their hearts fall of pure and undefiled religion, and their doleful complaints would be changed into songs of gladness, and this southernland would be watered with showers of grace, and every congregation would use ihe grateful confession, ' The Lord hath done great things for us, wherefore we are glad.' For their barrenness, and their spiritual desolation, and for their manifold shortcomings, let them bow themselves in the dust before. Almighty God, for ' they that sow in tears shall reap in joy. He that goeth forth weeping, bearing precious seed, snail doubtless oome again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him.' The Rev. John Gkaham said that some ef those present at the meeting probably looked for an announcement that some set of measures would be adopted by the ministers for the apryfaig out of this work. Now he had not to make any euch announcement It was felt that this meeting should just be one meeting, a meeting in itself for the specific object of supporting each other by working for God more earnestly in their several churches. He did not mean to say that ultimately, measures nr'ght not be ' adopted, and he made the annouacement that next Monday morning at 11 o'clock there would be a meeting in the vestry of that church of all Christian ministers desiring to attend for prayer and conference in regard to what might be beet to be done. He was not violating oonfidence in announcing that he had received a very Christian and kind letter from the Bishop of Sydney in reference to this work, and although he could not attend the meeting, let he stated his intention of taking part in the ministers' prayer meeting. He would probably also take part in any measures that might arise out of these mutual conferences. He did not say he had pledged him self, but he sympathised with the movement and promised to co- operate m it He was thankful for this, for he should, have been deeply grieved that so huge and influential a body of God's people as their Episcopalian brethren should not join in this movement. They might hope that by prudent movements and prayerful measures, and by earnest work that they would be directed by God what to do. The Bev. Dr. White having offered up prayer, the ..doxology was sung, and the meeting closed with the benediction. 