ANVIL CREEK AND GRETA. .[Fsoa oVR own CORRESPNDENT.] A MaN named Frank Crane, a resident of Branxton; was one day last week very severely bitten by a snake.. On the day in question Crane was employedlit;his place a little dis tance out:in the bush, and the day being very. warm he:fwassresting at mid-day under the" shade of a lemon tree. While in this position he espied his snake- ship making towards the house. Having nothing at hand with which to diespatch the reptile, and fearing least he might get away,. Crane jumped upon the snake with hisboots, happening to alight too far from the snake's head, the ereature had room to double back over his assailant and bite him below the knee, the man, although bit, killed the snake. The next we hear of him is in the evening at his brother's place in Branxton. He was then in a comatose state and was hardly expected to survive. Dr. Schulsan was in attendance, and did all in his power tb relieve the sufferer, by injecting ammonia in his veins. He also drank a large quantity of brandy, but in spite of these powerful antidotes, his friends had to resort every stratagem to keep him awake. Aband of mousio patroled the street with him, the crowd took him up in their arms and tossed him in the air; in short they used every effort to keep him awake and were successful n accomplishing their object. Towards morning he was considered out of danger, bnt was, from the severe shaking he had got, in a very low and a much bruised condition. At the latest reports Mr Crane was progressing favourably -I may state that this is the second snceessul application of ammonia Dr. Schulzan has applied to snake bite this'season. Mts. Stafford, the widow of the late John Saford, has' opened a small shop at Anvil Creek, and, considering that she S. been left with a numerous family of young children to provide for, it is to be hoped that the neigh bours will give her a call. Mrs. Stafford has stocked her little shop with the proceeds of the late collection made for her at the Anvil Creek add Greta Collieries. Collections were also made at the places of worship on Sunday, and in the Greta township, The total amount received wts aome £38, whschk considering, the number of our community, was: not illiberal. Mrs. Sfafford expresse. herself deeply grateful to the 'community at largehIn thus helping her. In connection with widow'-a ord's case it is with dee regret.that I am compeiin. correct a poron of my former report in heir case. Wh IStafird was killed it was said that the A il Creekl Company were at the expense of Es funeral, when, in point of faet, their representative at Anvil Creek paid the expence of the burial on behalf of the company. But itnbow' turns out that his prindipals have repudiated this benevolent action on his part. The generous Anvil Creek miners (who be it known, had subsequently subcribed half the 433 that had been already collected,) would notsee one man out ofpoclket for the full amount abhout £4 10s nd so had to make a second collectioll ot, Sutarday, Il?st pay day, to defray the funeral t-xpenses of their tfllow worlkman. It is also said that this rich Company, who can afford to send to IEngland for new ships, have as yet given no assistance to Mrs. Stafford Another instance of their grenerositry : When Stafford was killed the family lived in a miserable old hut belonging to the company for which he paid one shilling per week. The conmpany had recently erected a row of sub stantial strong .b~uiltyhduses for the use of their workmen, and'ii was currently reported that Mrs. Stafford was-s:;promised one of these new houses rent free, as long as she remained single.. So far so good. The widow got the house when it was finished, but it now seems she has to pay 4s. per week rent for it, the same as anybody else; anl also that shte has been billed for an extra amount of rent for tlhe time she has lived in the old hut, that is, since Stafford's death.~ I omitted to mention in my last thus a foot race for £5 aside. 150 yards, was runnat Gretas on Saturday before last, between Jas. Allan and Ralph Minto. It nmay be remem bered that Allan was the winner of the lest handicap foot race run off some time since. In the present instance he gave Tlinto some few yards start. Allani won easily. Our political friends are just now enjoying i nap. -Mr. Bnrns has been here taking stock, but he has not made a public appearacne Its yet. It is said he will speak at Gellatly's on Tuesday, Dec> 22nd. Mr. Berry is also in active at present, waiting, no doubt, to see his opponent's hand. It may not he generally known that we have a ghost at Anvil Creek, yet, nevertheless, such is the fact, and why should not our dis trict boast of its ghost as well as any other. The:particular ghost that has selected Anvil Creek as its place of residence impersonates an old woman, a shrivelled, old woman, with never a rag of clothing, but the orthodox white. Had the ghost been young and pretty, instead of old and ugly, it would at least have been interesting to our young men. But an old dame it is, and so we must make the best of it. But the particular reference I had to make of this ghost at the present junction was, that one night recently one of Mr. Berry's committee who had-been at a meeting was on his way home. Having to pas through a lonely place, he espied in a bushy little grove what appeared to him a white sheet thrown over a tall stump. In an instant thq story of the ghost sprang into his mind. His knees unvoluntarily smote each other; hisi joints Jost their power, and his legs refused locomotion. The cold per spiration burst out over' his body, his hair stood on end, and his eyes almost grew blind, as he stood gazing on the thing. Bye-and byehe managed to falter out,in broken accents, very very low, and very submissively, "Who arecyou ? What do you want?"- In response to this enquiry a shrill, short, cracked voice met his ear,--'" Never mind, vote for Berry." This last with a scream, and vanished. Our neighbours will have it thpt it wais'au old white cow that the committe emehl frightened, and that frightened- the committee-men. The more staid and sensible amongst us, however, hold to the opinion that it was as genuine a ghost as ever was seen. But no matter, its all one. On looking over the electoral roll we find that ,the ghost is .not enrolled, probably because he or she was not employed at either of the local collieries. ' Our local industries, the collieries, are making fair time. Greta worked full time last pay. The Anvil Creek men were out a couple of days through bad air. Mr. Henry, of the Sportman's Arms, announces a foot race 150 yards, for a prize of £2, and other gaines to come off on Saturday, Dec. 19th. The Wesleyan Chapel was opened on Sabbath last, when the Rev. Mr. M'Dougall, of Singleton, conducted the services. 