SCIENCE. SCIENTIFIC GOSSIP. The days of exhibitions are not yet num- bered. Every month brings news of some- thing 'projected or accomplished. The latest new theory in this line is a fungus exhibition at Aberdeen. Those who are not aware of the wealth of the cryptogamic kingdom would expect a very large display ; but the number of specimens shown is very great, amounting, in fact, to 7000, and there was very little publicity given to the preparations. Next year there will be a similar exhibition in Perth. The insect exhibition in Paris is attracting much notice. An exhibition of appliances for the economy of labor is to be held in Manchester next year, date not yet fixed. It is being organised by the Society for the Promotion of Scientific Industry, and will consist of two divisions, the first com- prising engineers' and mechanics' tools and appliances in the working of metals, wood and stone ; and the second, domestic appli- ances. The Chilian Government is making energetic preparations for an exhibition next year, at which some very substantial prizes will be distributed; among others, one of a thousand dollars for the best style of narrow gauge railroad, and another of a like sum for the best system of irrigation appli- able to the requirements of Chili. Among the lesser prizes is one of five hundred dollars for the best exploring drill adapted to mining operations. The liberality of the Chilians is in marked contrast with the parsimony of the royal commissioners of Kensington, who do not give, the value of a shilling to any exhibitor, and whose pre- tentious programme of annual exhibitions has been brought to a premature end. They founded them scheme on the supposition that they were conferring a favor upon in- ventors and manufacturers by accepting their exhibits. The consequence has been that they were compelled to accept any sort of rubbish to prevent their walls and tables from being altogether vacant, and the public have shown their appreciation of such man- agement by stopping away, so that even on threepenny days and holidays, the ill-ar- ranged and straggling building has been given over to gloom, dust, and silence, the few visitors gliding about like ghosts in a cloister. The newspapers mercifully ab- stained from taking much notice of the last exhibition even at its opening. The authorities at Woolwich have devoted a great deal of attention of late to balloon- ing. In August they gave a trial to a plan of steering by means of revolving fans, with out any satisfactory result, and in September they patronised a fire balloon on the original Montgolfier principle, using kerosene instead of bundles of brushwood to supply the heated air. An Accident. unconnected with the heating arrangements prevented any con- clusion from being arrived at. The interest taken in these experiments has induced an officer in the Brazilian navy to bring forward the claim of a countryman of his to be con- sidered the first balloonist, It seems that Friar Bartholomew Lorenzo de Guzman sent up a balloon at Lisbon in 1702, eighty years before the brothers Montgolfier went up in France. The honors may however, be fairly divided, for it does not appear that Guzman went up with his balloon, so that the right of the brothers Montgolfier to be acknowledged as the first aeronauts is not impeached. Long before either of these claimants, our own Roger Bacon pointed out the possibility of sailing through the air, but he did not make any attempt at a practical demonstration. The Austrian expedition towards the North Pole has contributed some valuable information to what was previously known of the arctic regions, and has done good service in showing the improbability of the existence of an open sea around the pole. The idea that such a sea existed was never more than a hallucination, the only thing in its favor being that its negative had not been proved. It is now found that north of Spitzbergen the barrier of islands and ice is as difficult of penetration as elsewhere. Smith's Sound still maintains its reputation as the least hazardous highway. A better may no doubt be found, but the difficulties will differ only in degree, not in kind. The Austrian discovered land equal in extent to Spitzbergen, with mountains ranging from 2000 to 5000 feet in height, one of which was in latitude 83, the most northern land yet mapped, and only 420 miles from the pole. There was no lack of animal life,, elks, bears, foxes, and hares being abundant. The existence of elks and hares proves that there can be no great thickness of snow even in winter, and weighs heavily against the theories of those who hold that the earth is elongated at the poles from the accumulations of ice and snow. The Austriane are deter- mined to make the most of their discovery of Francis Joseph Land, for another expedi- tion is to be despatched immediately. The Austrian ship is said to have been abandoned on the coast of the new land in latitude 79 deg. 51 min. N. and longitude 58 deg. 36 min. W. This is the statement of the Times, but the Times cannot be right. The longi- tude must be east. It is all but settled that there will be an English expedition next year. This is as it should be, but the South Pole should receive a share of attention. There is certainly a larger field for discovery in the south than in the north. An English expedition to Nova Zembla and the Gulf of Obi, for the two fold purpose of helping the Austrian expedition and open- ing up a trade with the interior of Siberian Tartary by the Riyer Obi, has returned after a partially successful cruise. There are no serious difficulties in the navigation of the gulf, and there is encouragement for further attempts of alike kind. Captain Williams, who conducted the enterprise, thinks that the route from North Cape to Behring's Straits is commercially available. The proposed substitution of cremation for burial has given rise to a great deal of discus- sion which is not likely to lead to any result. Even if all that is claimed in favor of crema- tion be true, no clear case in favor of its adoption would be made out. Setting mere sentiment aside, the difference between the two modes of disposing of the dead is not much. By cremation the body, is consumed rapidly ; by burial it is consumed slowly. The gases evolved are no more noxious in the one case than in the other. After burial they are for the most part absorbed, by the soil, and converted into flowers and herbage. By cremation they would be thrown in vo- lumes into the atmosphere. No doubt there are churchyard abuses, but it is illogical to claim perfection for one.process and compare it with another which has been mismanaged. The cremationists are jubilant over the fact that after a dead body has been about an hour and a half in a gas retort, there remains only about three pounds weight of ashes ; but they do not give any reason for preserv- ing that particular quantum of mineral in- gradients, or for preserving the lime and dis- sipating the charcoal. If respect for the dead is to be satisfied with the preservation of three pounds, why should not the preser- vation of a tooth or toe nail serve the purpose better ? ' If all the organic elements are to be dissipated in the shape of ammonia and choke-damp, why should the inert residuum be invested with a peculiar value? The cremationist's either go too far or not far enough. They have not made out their case that burial properly conducted is objection- able on sanitary grounds, and the rest of their arguments are scientifically worthless. There has been recently started an opposition system which is still less rational. It is Water burial. The body is lowered into a tank, and when all the flesh has disappeared the bones are lifted. If the author of the scheme would like to be buried in this fashion, he had better be his own sexton assuredly no executor under his last will and testament will undertake the duty. EDIPUS 