ENGLISH NOTES. Somb years ago the passengers of a coach, passing through a country town, were alarmed by seeing a hairdresser, pale as a ghost, rush out of his shop with his scissors and a comb in liis band, and clamber frantically to the top of tho vehicle as it pursued its journey, uttering tho most piercing shrieks of deBpair. Wben be bad somewhat recovered his composure, be gave the following explanation of bis conduct:—Ho was, he said, engaged in cutting a customer's hair, and while thus employed became so absorbed in conversation that he forgot to control his operations, and, too late, found that he had clipped the bair to such an extent that he bad produced a large bald patcb on the bead of the uncon scious victim of his carelessness. Dreading the consequences when the fatal mistake should be discovered, he prolonged the sitting until tho coach made its appearance, and then success, fully effected his escape, intending never again to return to the scene of his professional disgrace. It is sur prising that hairdressers, with all their chatter during the time they are at work, do not more frequently commit similar errors; and they will, no doubt, bo awakened to the serious responsi bilities of their position by a small debt action which came up before Sheriff Substitute Clark, in. Glaagow, recently, involving a question of no small importance to barbers generally. A lady sued a hairdresser for £12 damages, for having, as she alleged, while dressing her hair, shorn it too closely. As put by the pursuer's agent, the question for the Sheriff Substitute to decide is, if a barber is instructed to cut off (say) two inches from the length of a customer's hair, is he entitled to cut four ? The case has been adjourned to allow evidence " to be led," and in the meantime barbers will do well to be cautious ; for if the Glasgow lady wins her case, others who feel the breezes blowing with uncomfortable freshness about their heads on leaving hairdressers' shops will no doubt claim compensation. A prize-Fight was arranged to take place the recently at Wilkesbarre, in Pennsylvania, between two men named Rooke and Coyne, which was remarkable for none of those brutal and' distressing features which have cast so much; discredit on the "ring here. The men having shaken hands and interchanged complimentary re marks, the ground was prepared for the combat, being"staked with rough cedar stakes and robed in by bands i hardened by the pistol and along shot." The snow was shovelled away by "willing miscreants," and the stones picked oat that they might not bruise the fighters. Then a shout was heard as Rooke advanced and throw his " castor " over the ropes, Coyne fol lowing one minute later, and "a hoarse yell " arose as the men took their seats on the chairs prepared for them. These preliminaries being arranged, the ter rific strnggle commenced in earnest. Rooke rose from bis chair, and, ad vancing into the middle of the ring, challenged Coyne to " come ou." Coyne, on tho other hand, who was well muffled up with coats and wrap pers, remained motionless in his chair. In vain did Rooke skilfully advance and retreat, uttering the most alarm ing threats and invitations; Coyne absolutely refused to stir, and although Rooke magnanimously offered to "waive (lie stakes and fight for fun,' I bis formidable antagonist would not so much as even open his lips, bnt sat as silent as a stone, and apparently absorbed in reflection. At last, how ever, "a mob" suddenly jumped from Coyne's corner, headed by a gentlo tnan named Bryan Campbell, who, witli drawn pistols and slung shots, rushed over to Rooke's corner, and with terrible oaths, drove him and his seconds out of the ring with the weapons at their heads." Rooke having been thus disposed of, loud cheers were raised for Coyne by his friends, and the interesting exhibition came to a conclusion. Coyne's imper turbable courage and good-liumour under the most trying circumstances ■called forth expressions'of universal admiration from the most respectable portion of the spectators. The Standard holdB that the third of Mr. Horsman's utterances at Lisk eard, wherein be dealt with England's foreign and colonial policy, deserves greater attention than it probably will command. We cannot do without the colonies nnless wo deliberately prefer to be less than a world-empire. In a purely commercial Bense, their value is incalculable. If they bad cost us ten times what they have done, they would still be a most excellent bargain. What, then, should be the measure of our indignation at the folly of that narrow and sordid sect which proposes to England, among her other surren ders, the surrender of the colonies— which, if it does not openly advocate separation, conveys by all indirect ways the notion that the connection is of no value. As one who has spoken out bravety and honestly against this insane policy, the Standard thanks Mr. Horsman for his speech at Liskeard. In an article headed " Lord Emly," the Dublin Evanini} Pod writes :—" In the Houso of Lords Mr. Monsell can render invaluable aid to this country. In tbafc assembly Ireland has had few attached representatives. We claim the credit of having long since sug gested the step which the Government has now taken, of, duly honouring political consistency and eminent at tainments, by elevating Mr. Monsell to the peerage. It is a compliment to Ireland and to the Catholics of the United Kingdom, as well as to the individual. Moreover, it is a gratify ing'proof that the Spectator, and "not the Times, „\vas. in the right. Mr. Gladstone has not severed the ties which have so long bound him to the people of Ireland. The first great English Minister of the Crown who truly apprehended the causes of Irish discontent, and who honestly sought to redress them, will, we earnestly trust, atone for the later shortcomings ot Parliament in regard to Ireland by acts similar to the one which has created an Irish Catholic a Peer. The United States' Budget will this year show the rather severe deficit of £0,000,000, produced mainly by the action of Congress in taking off taxes, while the Treasury fears that the deficit of next year may. be even greater. The official proposal, there fore, is to impose new taxes calculated to yield £8,000,000, but Congress objects to harass the people just when the monetary crisis has stopped trade and emptied so many workshops. The majority, therefore, suggest a loan as the easier policy, which it is, but also a very dangerous precedent. The new taxes would scarcely begin to draw before the crisis will be over, and the slightest evidence of financial cowardice will seriously injure American credit, which rests in no slight degree upon the heroic way in which Congress, recently taxed the country as if it wanted to pay off the Debt in this generation. The States would now have the opportunity of trying Sir ) Rowland Hill's suggestion of resorting to a coal tax, only tha:t in" many States it would be so unjust a premium Du the use of wood. • Several deaths occurred in the streets of Loudon recently through | inhalation of the fog vapour. No fewer than eight men were drowned in the West India Docks, and numer ous accidents occurred of persons who had been knocked down and run over by vehicles. 