VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, Tuesday, January 13. Sir George Bowen has dropped out of fashion- able society in Melbourne into more fashionable society in Hobart Town. His Excellency left for Tasmania early last week; and was not on board on his arrival by His Excellency Mr. DuCane, with his Private Secretary (Mr. C. M. Chichester); whence the party drove to Go- vernment House, where Sir George is now stay- ing with the Hon. Seymour. Egerton, second son of the Earl of Wilton, Lord Donoughman, and a large party of visitors. Attractive as Hobart generally is at this season of the year, this aristocratic gathering will make it still more so. Scions of nobility from England, however, are not always the most estimable or desirable kind of visitors. — — — There has been, an ad misericordiam appeal to the people of New South Wales here within the last few days on the part of the leading otgan (sic) of the Protectionists against; the adop- tion of a free trade tariff. This takes the peculiar form of a protest against their giving up so much revenue, which, it is quietly in- sinuated, they can ill afford, and against their allowing Mr. Parkes to sell the public lands of the colony to make up any deficiency which may thereby be created. But the people of New South Wales, doubtless, know their own business best, and will probably treat this, as an attempt, and a vain one, to dissuade them from the adoption of a sounder fiscal policy, lest it should eperate (sic) as a check upon the views of the Protectionists in the other colonies. Of this there are already very strong symptoms, and the present protest may be fairly taken as a proof of the alarm of the Protectionists, which, although carefully suppressed for some time past, is now beginning to show itself. Mr. Parkes has, it seems, the prospect of getting pound for pound by the sale of land in the Riverina District for every pound he surrenders in the shape of ad valorem duties, and "better a high Customs tariff a thousand times," the people of New South Wales are told by the Protectionist organ, "than this reckless confiscation of the birthright of the people." Now, assuming what is said about Mr. Parkes foregoing up- wards of £200,000 a year in Customs duties, and getting the like sum in increasing land revenue to be correct, some may not see the force of the protest founded upon it. On the contrary, they may be labouring under a strong conviction that Mr. Parkes exhibits in this a stroke of far-seeing statesmanship, especially if he insists, as we have every reason to believe he will, on a fair proportion, of this increasing land revenue being devoted to immigration pur-fir poses. We have long in these colo- nies been following the example of the wise men of Gotham, who built a wall round their country to keep the cuckoo in, and whoever takes the lead in demonstrating the folly of persistence in such a course is entitled to our thanks. Free trade in New South Wales must kill protection in the other colonies, and that the Protectionists of Victoria are beginning to find out. When Mr. Parkes has added to ths a vigorous scheme of immigration they will find out that too. Everywhere the want of immigration is felt in these colonies, but we shall never get any worth speaking of so long as protection is in the ascendant. Anti-immi- gration and protection are twin sisters all the world over. — — — The publication of the returns for the quarter and year ending December the 31st, 1873; form an agreeable supplement to the general resumé of the state of the colony at the end of the year. They are necessarily more limited in their scope, but they help to swell the proof of the soundness and healthiness of our financial position. The figures published week or two ago were not for the complete quarter, and were therefore not so satisfactory. We now learn that for the quarter ending De- cember 31st, 1373, the receipts from all sources amounted to £987,771, against £895,315 for the same period in 1372, or an increase on the quarter £92,488. For the year ending the 31st of December, 1873, the receipts from all sources amounted to £3,902,024, against £3,764,911 for the same period in 1872, or an increase on the year of £137,112. This is still under the four millions a year, but it is exclu- sive of the revenue raised for local purposes— not at all connected with the general revenue— which is levied on property of the annual value of £5,000,000 to £6,000 000 Sterling, and amounts to upwards of £900,000 a year. Our financial year now ends on the 30th of June in each year, and Mr. Langyon estimated the general revenue for the year on the 30th of June, 1874, at £3,883,650. But the first half of the year has yielded £1,989,693, notwithatand" ing.the delay, iii .the settlement of; many of the £hbHo"accbhnts,-bWing to'the intervention of the holidays. "We shaU^therefore.- he fully justified in estimating the receipts -now for_the whole of the, .financial year at. £4,800,OOOj orvety 'cloffl up'oii it.^is^^imm^.e^tlyear isfaotpryin all respects, Jaave tnd except one. The total revenue from "the Customs last year amounted to £1,753,50%^against ~;£lf585,409 in the pre vious year, and" of 'this "no 'less*'a''mm.than £654,638, consisted .of'ad^valorem, duties, ahci duties levied on1 "all other Mticlesp^.SiotStfi eluding the -general fized^ "duties'Tn »•' spirit^ wines,"—beer, tea,- -sugar—tohaooo and °tha like. .' Now, of this [£654,633, ,we could well spare half, a..million, and that would not only enable us^fb "simplify^bur- present /.absurd tariff, huifprOVe a great, relief te ^hosewbdjare suffering from the price of most'of/lhe necessaries of life."We cnn. hardly expect so large a reduction as tEat to be made at, /present,;, bat something, will have to be done VinT thai way of tariff reform"; and Mr. Frahois 'has, it is beUevedj made" up his, mind to do-it, when' Parliath'eht next meets. Of oourse, the general elections w.ilL have first to be held j. but" that ' wili probably make no great difference. An attempt will be made "o revive the Protectionist cry; but we are not so Protectionist-. now as, we have been Mr. Francis has now the hall at 'his feet.and'he h:si only to will a return to the tariff of/1865, and it will be done—and that will is not likely to be wanting. — — — A singular ghost story has come to the surface in connection with the suicide of Weston, a late clerk in the Melbourne Tele- graph Office. Mr. Philip King Tucker, of Ballarat, to whom Weston was predecessor in that place states. "that while he was out in front of the Post-Office watching for the night coach, the third night after Weston's death, he distinctly saw Weston's apparition, walking upland down several times, along the flags adjacent to the Post-Office window." Mr. Tucker then went in and lay down, leaving ;the- laibpEiirmng.^~ In thevicourse of-a f(w minutes, -'"the: apparition,1' he ;further stated, agaiin'appeare'd," the features quite eKstinet,- .and the very expression of conn ten anoepalpablejand, laying oneband on itheknob of'tlie.-hannistar, andplaoing a'footonthefirsthtepef thestairs, Teoked tristfully at ' bin-, and- exclaimed, AQb, Philip^'l'm. -wretched, .wretched; i/wretcheddi" To this, Mr. Tucker adds, "that when he; ex- titighished' the' light, and lay v down-imbed, a violent idlerit-fash iofc wind, ;as. -inLa; storm, >cag>e through the room, and ractuaUy*nde"r;hia If this had oeouirred onthe'nightlof iW.esten's death', - and before ■ MrjlTuokeri knew! anything about it, the story would have been,more.re liable, , but /one is" disposed, toJihaivel at > the coolness of the.narrator all through these super hiitnfal sisitationis, and to ^asfcj what he had taken for supper. — — — For some time past the Burra Com- pany have been prospecting about a mile south of the slaughter yards, and there is every likeli hood of getting a good mine, in that locality. They are now busily engaged sinking a shaft where it is intended to drive so as to out the lode. The iadicatiens are good, and therefore, in order to test the ground, men are employed sinking several shafts to the south of the. Burra Hotel.—Northern Argus. 