THE DEPARTURE OF THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. The Bishop of Melbourne, the Right Rev. Dr. Perry, accompanied by Mrs. Perry, left yesterday for England by the mail steamer the Bangalore. The object of his visit home is to choose the first bishop for the newly established diocese of Ballarat. He has announced his intention of returning to the colony for a brief period, but it was felt that his departure was in fact a final one from the cares and responsibilities of the office which he has filled for over 26 years. A communion service was held at St James Cathedral at half-past 8 o'clock. The Bishop, assisted by Dean Macartney, Arch ' deacon Stretch, and Archdeacon Crawford, officiated. The congregation numbered about 200, all of whom stayed for the Sacrament. The Bishop said a few words of farewell before the congregation separated. At 11 o'clock a large number of the clergy and laity of the Church of England met his lordship in the council chamber, at the Town Hall, for the purpose of presenting him with a farewell address. The Hon. C. Sladen, C.M.G., addressing his lordship, said that His Excellency the Governor had intended to be present on this occasion, but owing to severe indisposition he was unable to carry out his desire, and it had devolved upon him (Mr. Sladen) who had been amongst those who first welcomed his lordship to the colony, to have the pleasurable duty of presenting to him an address from the clergy and laity of the Church of England, signed by large numbers. He then read the following address : " To the Right Reverend Father in God, Charles, by divine permission, Lord Bishop of Melbourne. "We give thanks to God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, that it hath pleased Him to preserve you for so many years as the bishop of this diocese, and we pray that His favour may go with you on the journey which you are about to undertake. " Although your lordship has permitted us to indulge the hope of seeing you amongst us once more before your Episcopate terminates, of again receiving your fatherly ad- munitions and enjoying your pastoral care, and although we heartily rejoice in the prospect thus held out to us, we cannot but feel that from the day on which you leave these shores we can no longer call you ours in the sense in which it has been our pride and privilege to claim you in years gone by. We therefore feel that though our present fare- well is but for a season, it partakes of a character much more solemn than that which. usually attaches to a temporary part sing, and we desire now to express our gratitude to God for the gift He has so long be stowed upon us, and to you, who have been His wailing instrument for good. "Less than two years ago, in an address ' which we had the gratification of presenting to you on the completion of the 25th year of your Episcopate, we enumerated, though ? briefly and insufficiently, some of the benefits for which, under God, the church here is indebted to your lordship. And the interval which has elapsed has only served more fully to manifest your devotion to the cause of God, and of the church over which He has made you overseer. Deeply as we lament the breaking of the ties which have hitherto bound you to this country deeply as we lament that any circumstance should have hastened, even by a day, the separation which you tell us was eventually inevitable, we cannot but recognise with gratitude the zeal which has made you, for the purpose of forwarding the spiritual welfare of a portion of your diocese, urge your departure with in- convenient speed ¡ and in the hope of reconciling as far as possible your sense of duty to that portion with the feelings, wants, and wishes of the other, to delay indefinitely the rest you so much needed, and submit to the irksomeness of the two additional voyages which are thus imposed upon you. " In recognising, as we do thankfully, the promptitude and energy which you manifest in a critical period of the church's life, we are glad to call to mind other steps which the same energy and far-seeing wisdom enabled you to take, and the result of which has been to mould our church's life into the form into which it is now presented to the world. When representative institutions in the church were regarded by most men with reprobation, and by their very advocates with fear, you laboured to introduce them, and overcoming the scruples of friends, and the opposition of enemies, obtained for them the sanctions of the local Government and of Her Majesty the Queen. When the introduction of laymen into the councils of the church was regarded with apprehension by the clergy, and with doubt by the laity themselves, you invited them to take their full share in her legislation. When the voice of the congregations in the appointments of their ministers was denounced as dangerous, you called on them to share with yourself the responsibility. When a layman's preaching to a congregation appeared to many to be a profane encroach ment on the sacred office, you required the . candidates -for the ministry to prove by their evangelistic labours their fitness for the work before you laid your hands upon them, and thus turned the necessities of the church into a means of both extending her ministra- tions and testing the character of her future ministers. Moreover, you encouraged faithful men, who still continued in their secular calling, to exercise, in aiding the parochial clergy, their gifts as visitors, teachers, and preachers. And now we find each of these once-dreaded innovations either adopted by the church in the colonies, and even in Eng." land, or urged upon her by her best friends, as essential to her progress, if not to her stability. No one has acknowledged you as his guide. no one has pointed to you as a leader, but all or almost all are quietly following in the paths which you have dared to open. "" It is true that rapid ashasbeenthegrowtu of the church here, from three clergymen to 120 and from three congregations to 300, it has not advanced as rapidly as our wants demanded. But in the caution with which the seedling has been planted, in the care which has been taken to preserve all its roots, and to accommodate them to the soil, in the judgment with which its position has been adapted to the peculiarities of a new climate, above all in the faith in Him, and the prayer offered to Him who alone can give the increase, we see for our church a promise of steady progress, which, if slow, shall be like the growth of the British oak, which grows slowly, but grows to strength and greatness among the trees of the forest. And should it hereafter make a sudden increase, and should it yet overshadow the land, whatever may be the hand that waters, the hand that guarded its early growth, that trained its young branches with watchful care, and pruned them with unsparing wisdom, will never be forgotten, either by those who dwell under its shadow or by Him who will, we trust, hereafter recognise it as a tree of righteousness, the planting of the Lord, in which He is glorified. " We now bid you for a season farewell, hoping before the close of another year again to see your face, and to listen to your counsels. In the meantime our prayers shall be offered to God for your safety in your journey by land and water, for a prosperous issue to your present undertaking, and for, what you value more than your personal safety or comfort, the building up of the church whose foundations you have laid, in the faith once delivered to the saints, in steadfast continuance in well-doing, and in the patient waiting for Christ." The Bisiiorsaid,-I will not trust myself, my friends, to reply further than to express my feelings of deep thankfulness for the address which has just been read by a dear friend, who, as he says, was one of the few words welcomed me to these shores. I see others in the room who were contemporary or rather who were older in the colony than myself, and who were present on that occa- Dion, and it affects me deeply now to see them here, and to receive from them, as well as from others, this valedictory expression of their feelings towards me. I will now simply read the reply I have written to the address, and I trust you will bear in mind that it was hurriedly written : "My beloved Friends, both of the Clergy and Laity the Church of England in Victoria. I thank you very sincerely for the address which you have just presented to me for I am afraid that, however unworthy I am of the commendation which it contains, it expresses the genuine feelings of those who have signed it. To receive such an express alone your loving, although partial, estimate of «ne'aftcranopiseopate of six-and-twenty years, is an occasion of humble thankfulness to Him who appointed me to that office, and who has preserved me in it during so long a period. While it would be, in my opinion, a very unbecoming and very ungrateful to profession unconsciousness of the use which the Lord has made of fine for the organisation of our church in this diocese, it would be most arrogant in claim for myself stry credit for what He has be graciously, done for us. For not only have, there been associated with me in all my work many beloved fellow labourers, both clergymen and laymen, without whose assistance, humanly speak ing my efforts would have been wholly un- availing, but also, as we ought always to remember, and I trust we do remember, from whom alone all holy desires, all good counsels, and all just works do proceed Of His gift only it is that His people can do unto Him any acceptable service Whatever agents, therefore, He may be pleased to employ, to Him only is to be ascribed all the glory of their success " I will say no more about myself, but proceed to speak briefly upon another topic on which I feel very deeply Our church has now, as you have remarked, been planted in this land, and its organisation as an ecclesiastical institution, although doubtless capable of much improvement, may be regarded as complete But as a steam engine, when all its machinery is perfect, requires, for enabling it to perform its intended work, both fuel and fire, so does the church require an adequate supply of faithful and able ministers, together with the life giving power of the Holy Ghost, in order that it may at complish the Lord's work Without alargar pouring out of the Holy Spirit, and without additional clergymen duly qualified for their sacred office, all our organisation will be found wholly inefficacious " Suffer me, then, to avail myself of this opportunity of affectionately entreating you that you will each of vonindividuallyaloncand those of you who are heads of families in your families, make your request unto God, that He will, for the sake of His Son Jesus Christ, both provide for the Church in Victoria a sufficient number of men who shall approve themselves able ministers of the Gospel, and also, by the power of the Holy Ghost, render their ministrations effectual for the establishment throughout the land of peace and happiness, truth and justice, pure religion and piety, for all generations ' Suffer me also, my beloved brethren of the city, to remind you of the Apostle's pre- cept, "Let him that is taught in the word i minister unto him that teacheth in all good things ' God, you will remember, works by human agency, and if you would expect any 1 good thing for yourselves or others you must not only ask it from Him, but also do what you can for obtaining it If you desire to see the church of your fathers established in the affections of the people of Victoria you must each of you set apart a proportion of your income whatever you conscientiously feel to be right in your particular circumstances for the maintenance and extension of that church. To do so is both a duty and a great privilege, for thereby you will not only promote the glory of God, and the spiritual good of your neighbours and fellow countrymen, but you will also secure the Divine favour for yourselves, your families, and all connected with you "Charge them that are rich in this world," writes the apostle to Timothy, " that they be not high minded nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy that they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate , laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life ' Nor is the blessedness of five mglimited only to the rich, for the small offering of the poor man is as acceptable unto the Lord as the larger donation of Ihb more wealthy neighbour. "My reason for addressing you thus is, that although I hope, in God's goodness dence, to return to you in the course of next year, yet I may be prevented, and indeed I do not know that I could give utterance to my sentiments on this subject upon a more suitable occasion than the present, when you have so pointedly called my attention both to the past history and the present condition and prospects of our beloved insurer. " Commending you to God, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified, I remain, " Your affectionate friend and bishop, C. Melbourne." Mr. James Balfour on behalf of the Society for the Promotion of Morality, expressed to his Lordship the appreciation felt by the members of the society for the great services rendered by him. The Rev. Mr. Strongman then read the following address : "To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, President of the Society for Promoting Morality. " Right Rev. and dear Sir,-It is with deep regret that we are in formed of your contemplated departure for England. identified as you have been with history of our society and amid the labours and anxieties of an extensive diocese taking a practical part in the promotion of its object, we cannot permit you to leave our shores without giving expression to those sentiments of esteem and Christian affection which we feel for one who has exhibited so much catholicity of spirit and earnest devotedness in the spread of morality among all classes of the community. It must be a source of satisfaction to your Lordship to know that this institution, which was termed at your suggestion, has been the means of calling into existence so many different associations, such as the Model Lodging House, the Society for Pie venting Cruelty to Animals, the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society, the Retreat for Fallen and Friendless Women, and the Boys' Trad- ing Brigade. While separated, at least for a season, we shall not fail to think of your active co-operation with us in all matters pertaining to the moral welfare of the entire colony, and we doubt not that recollection of these things will be among the sunny memories of your residence in this southern land. With our best wishes, we remain, your fellow workers to the kingdom of Heaven, John Singleton, M.D., 1 of ,, John Si-honchan. f non' bees The Bishop said that he felt deep thankfulness that he, with the aid of others, had been permitted to originate that society. Although the number of its members was small, he believed that it would be doing more and more a great work in the land, to the glory of God and the benefit of the colony. The society should not be discouraged or cast down by temporary difficulty. The moral and spiritual welfare of the country would be advanced by its efforts, and subjects of importance could by its means be urged from time to time on public attention. He desired to take this opportunity of bidding farewell to those friends who could not accompany him to the steamer, and he could assure them that he should always bear the colony in affectionate remembrance. His lordship then shook hands with many of those present, and wished them farewell. He was driven to the railway station, and proceeded to Williamstown. He was accompanied on board the steamer by a large number of personal friends, and many of all classes attended to say good bye. The exhibition of respect and esteem was highly appreciated by him. Several of his friends accompanied him as far as the Heads. 