A STRICKEN LAND. AN American tourist, after traveling through a large portion of Ireland, writes as follows to the Brooklyn (N.Y.) I have just returned to Queenstown en route for New York, from an extensive tour through the counties of Ireland, of which, by personal inspection and wellinformed persons, I succeeded in gleaning information that may be of interest to those of the Celtic race in America . who have not forgotten the land of their nativity. Taking Cork as my starting point, T proceeded to Dublin, with convenient stoppages, by the Great Southern and Western Railway. After a brief stay in the County of Wicklow, my route extended through Galway, Clare, and other counties, until the city of the Treaty Stone was reached. During the tour the weather was most propitious ; not an hour was lost for inspection, although the devout farmers throughout the length and breadth of the land were crying aloud to Heaven for rain to strengthen and vivify their parched and scanty crops. Never before, they say, was there such a long duration of dry weather, and great fears are entertained about the harvest, if an abundance of rain is not speedily vouchsafed. Yet, to the inexperienced eye, the condition of the country revealed no suffering from want of rain ; the matchless verdure of the trees and fields led one to suppose that the soil contained all the moisture required for the crops, which, unfortunately, are as hard to find as a needle in a haystack. The first thing which astonishes the tourist, when he turns his back on the city and enters the country district, is THE ABSENCE OF TILLAGE —as far as the eye can reach, for miles together, nothing but green fields on which healthy cattle for the English markets are quietly grazing, appears to view ; except at rare intervals, a small spot of earth covered with corn, potatoes or other vegetables, breaks the monotony. Many causes might be assigned for this state of affairs. One cause of this startling anomaly b in a country so blessed as Ireland with a generous soil, is the want of hands to till the land. In travelling through the agricultural districts and country towns, one is astonished to find so few stalwart young men and young women—the population, which is' exceedingly scanty, is mainly composed of young children and persons advanced in years. " Where are the young men and women ?" I asked. "Gone to America," was the rsply. Such, indeed, is the fact. The country has been drained of the best among the peasantry—the life's blood of the nation is nearly exhausted—a noble peasantry is all but annihilated. Strange that a people so strongly attached to their native land should fly from it as if some terrible visitation were stalking over its verdant valleys, spreading ruin and death ! This exodus from their native land, as we all know, has been going on for half a century, becoming more numerous annually, as the hand which caused and fostered it weighed heavier, and the reasons for abandoning a fertile soil were multiplied and made more cogent by usurping and tyrannical strangers. TO ANNIHILATE THE PEASANTRY seems to have been the policy, to drive far from the land the children of the soil, the salvation of the alien. The plan of blotting out an Irish peasantry might be said to have succeeded admirably but for the fact the peasantry aforesaid lives yet, although in a foreign land, made more hostile to England by exile and the remembrance of ruined homes and sorrowful partings. The little homesteads swept away or turned into barns, to make room for English cattle-breeders ; the small farms, which for generations were passed from sire to son, swallowed up in large estates by English gentlemen, are sad reminders of what British rule has accomplished in Ireland, ever since the union was effected by fraud. Trade has languished, Irish manufactures, which flourished and successfully competed with those of other countries in the marts of Europe and elsewhere before the union was carried, have been one by one blotted out of existence by hostile legislation, and on their ruins the prosperity of the Englishmanufacturer has been firmly planted. The land has been turned into one vast sheep-walk and extensive grazing place, in order that the English market may be supplied with beef and mutton. It was to accomplish this that small farms have been obliterated, homesteads levelled, and their inmates driven from the place around which all endearing recollections of their lives cluster. Occasionally, in strong and startling contrast with the dismantled cottages of 'the peasantry, are seen THE MANSIONS OF THE ALIEN, stately buildings, surrounded with luxuriant foliage, rich lawns, and all the plefero&s; of delightful 'sceneiy. Another cattse dfi^ei abBenCe if tillageisthehigh pnce of lkbour and the unwillingness of •capitalists to invest theirmoiiey in crops while they can turn it to better account in fattening cattle on the rich pasturage of Ireland for the markets of England. All this tends to degrade the peasantry. Long years of petty tyranny at the hands of their masters seem to have broken their proud necks. It is humiliating to see with what reverence they bend as lowly before the well-clad lord of the soil as the Jews did of old before the golden calf. Are their spirits entirely crushed, and is the idea of deliverance stamped out from their minds by the repeated failures and new oppressions which have followed each attempt to raise their country and place her among the nations of the earth ? The dreadful system of espionage established in Ireland by the English Government has been very successful in subduing the "rebel." Men are fearful of speaking their thoughts aloud, of communicating to strangers the IMPULSES BORN OF FREEDOM which are in their souls. Their naturally rank demeanour has become constrained; their ingenuous countenances are mantled with suspicion, and before they speak to a stranger, or join him in a political discussion, they painfully endeavour to read his character. To give you an instance : I engaged a fellow to drive me, on the feast of Corpus Christi, from Fermoy to Mitchelstown, a pretty little place at the foot of the Galtee Mountains. After a few drinks at Donovan's on the road, Pat became very talkative about his "little horse," which, by the way, he drove at a furious rate, in spite of my anxiety for personal safety. He discussed the neighbouring gentry and other personages, such as the ghosts who were said to patrol the "airy roads," giving each one a character just as his likes and dislikes framed it. " Pat," said I, " were you at Mass this morning?" Faith, then, your honour, not to tell you a devil of a lie, I was not, and God forgive me for saying so." " What will thp priest say to you when you go to confession ?'' I asked. I shall never forget the look he gave me when I put that question to him. The poor, half-drunken fellow at once straightened up, the reins dropped loosely from his hands on the back of the horse, and allowed the poor beast to wend his way at a walking pace up the hill. Bftt his indignant master turned his face on me and gave me a "dark" glance, as we passed from the open road under the heavy foliage of the trees that grew on either side of the hill and twined over our heads, which told me, plainer than words, that my frivolity was treading on sacred ground, and, poor and unfaithful as he was, he would allow no man, not even the lord of the soil, to trifle with THINGS CONSECRATED BY HIS CHURCH. When he spoke his words were in keeping with his searching, menacing glance. "How do I know," he said, gruffly— "how do I know that I am not talking with a black Protestant ?" I proceeded to cross-examine him on the political feelings of the country. "Pat," said I, inquiringly, "there used to be a great many Fenians about this place ?" " Ah, yes," was the reply. " Some years ago, yer honour, there used to be a great many of them. I remember the day well that fine dashing fellow, Crowley, the farmer of Mitchelstown, who was leading the Fenians of them parts through the Galty Mountains, on the night of the Risin', was brought in dead by the soldiers and policemen. He was the leader, I told you ; well, he fought and he fought until he was driven into a small place in the mountains. The soldiers and policemen were afraid to follow him, so they fired on the young fellow and shot him down in his hiding-place as they would a dead .dog. When they knew he was dead or disabled, they went iu and dragged him out. He was still livin', however, and the first thing he said was to send for the priest. The poor fellow then died. His body was shown through Mitchelstown, : to frighten the others. Crowley was a good Catholic, and carried around his neck a medal of the Blessed Virgin and Our Lady's scapular. THE MEDAX HUNG NEAR HIS HEART, and the first ball fired, they say, struck the medal, bent it somewhat, but went no further. The scapulars a gentleman in Mitchelstown took from his neck and gave to his poor sister, although the squire of the place and the soldiers tried hard to prevent him. Old women, sir, young women, men and children crowded around the corpse and dipped their handkerchiefs or something clean in the blood that poured from his wounds. He was a fine young fellow, sir, and very well liked by all the neighbours. Them were hard times, I can tell yon." " Did you take part in them?" I asked. There was an ominous pause on Pat's sideJ a BCOWI imrtaritly gathered on his good- natured face. He seized me roughly by the arm, and brought me tape to face with himself. His eyeB seemed'to penetrate me at every point, in' theendeayourto rqad my heart of hearts. I ex-' pectednext minute to be hurled from the car for my impertinence. " How do I know," said he, "but yer a detective in disguise, and yer drawin' me out. By my soul, I'll keep silent." Having said that, he dropped me as he would a bad shilling, and his remarks for the rest of the journey were inquiries about where I was going to, whether I had travelled the road before, etc.' Yes, one hears very little said against the English Government. The papers, with few exceptions, are wonderfully and slavishly cautions in treating of Irish affairs, lest they might say something that could even remotely be connected with disloyalty. But I should not have you infer from all this that the Celtic pride is entirely subdued and the "rebel " is no longer to be found in Ireland. In the wildly picturesque Gap of Dunloe, on the charming lakes of Killarney, under the shadow of" Dublin Castle, and in the impoverished lands of Galway, along the bankB of the Lee and Shannon, THE SPIRIT OF THE "REBEL" LIVES, waiting an opportunity. All that is needed- to secure self-government to Ireland is education. Educate the people, and they will then understand their rights, and have the spirit to enforce them. It is pleasing to see that the interests of education have been very well attended to of late. The Christian Brothers have extended their system to nearly every village and country town in the land. They are doing a very noble and patriotic work. Isaac Butt, who is the recognised leader of the movement, brought the subject before the Imperial Parliament last evening (June 30.) Few in Ireland were surprised at the reception given by the Government to his brilliant effort on behalf of Home Rule for his native land. The logic and eloquence of the Home Rulers were met, to the satisfaction of English Ministers, by the old threadbare argument that Ireland herself was to blame for all her misfortunes. For days in advance, the Government organs on both sides of the channel sounded the key-note of the argument which was to silence Mr. Butt and his colleagues. They are put down as a miserable lot of political demagogues, although they are the chosen representatives of a large majority of the Irish people, and all their talk about Home Rule is described by the English press us the merest nonsense; in fact, nothing short of treason to England in disguise. It must be very consoling to the Irish when they read this morning how their representatives were treated by the Imperial Parliament and how their will was set aside in the most humiliating manner. But what else could be expected by any one conversant with the facts of history 1 No act of justice had ever been obtained from England by moral persuasion. What she conceded to Ireland has been wrung from her by fear. People may say what they will of the Fenians, yet it cannot be denied that the Disestablishment Act and the Tenant Right Act were due solely to the fear which their efforts at rebellion inspired. Nothing but the logic of the bullet will get justice for Ireland. There can be no national prosperity until the nation, like one man, revolts and asserts its rights, even through a sea of blood. 