ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &o.; On Monday night the drama of " The Courier of Lyons " was revived. I suppose nobody, save the management, knows ex actly why it was revived. It is a piece whose success dependejupon two things—namely the especial fitneBS of the actor who plays the doable part of Lesurques sod Dabosc, and the efficient get-up of the scenic accompani ments. Now, in respect of this latter the management of the Royal have taken no tronble to emphasise its presentation. It is, therefore, deprived of all the advantages p; possessed, both in Paris and London, as a realistic drama. Take, fpr example, the laBfc scene, of the garret from which Dabosc is supposed to be looking at the preparations for executing Lesnrques.. (At this point, I desire to say that this name is Lesurques, spelt with n " q," and not with a " g," as the hills have it, and as they pronounced it on the stage on Monday.) I say that Dabosc looking from his window over Paris, according to the business of the scene, ought to have before him a panoramic view of that city; or, at. the least* there ought to he the effect of daylight at the window. Instead of which he looks out into darkness. I believe, on its first pro duction in Paris, this scene was so contrived as to show the scaffold in the distance, and the appearance of moving figures upon it I do not stipulate for the scaffold and the figures, but as the time is morning there onght certainly to be daylight If yon take this scene as representing the incomplete ness of the scenic arrangements all through, yon will have a tolerably good no tion of how "The Cornier of Lyons" is now done, and you will wonder, therefore, why a piece, depending so materially upon scenic effect* should have been selected, if the scenic particulars necessary to ensure its completeness were not to be introduced. Then as to the chief character. I was never an enthusiastic admirer of the late Mr. Charles Kean, hat he certainly made a great deal of this double part. So, as you know, did our own G, Y, Brooke. It is im possible, therefore, in judging of Mr. Dam pier's acting iu it, not to make comparisons. If, however, you desire an opinion without comparisons, it is only right to say that he showed much painstaking undifferentiating the characters. Perhaps he made Dabosc too much of a wild beast, but then such ruffians frequently are nothing short of wild beasts. His energy was unquestionable, and the physical effort necessary to go through with the part in its latter stages must have been very great. The effect of thelastscene, however, might be increased if the double were to struggle a good deal, and keep npthe notion that his ferocity was not overcome because he was captured. There would be no need for him to show his face. The top much clustering round of the gensd'armes rather spoils than aids the effect. The rest of the characters have not much to do. The part played by Miss Carey, namely, Jeanne, the outcast, is only of a sketchy kind, and could hardly, under any circumstances, be developed into impressive nesB. As Julie, Lesurqnes' daughter, Miss Stammers lacked self-possession to he all that the character requires. Mr.O'Brienhadonly ru dimentary materials to deal with asthe Alder Lesurques, hut he made the most of them; so also did Mr. Appleton as Cooriol, the bits of quaint humour a&sociatod; with which he did not misemploy. Mr. Dunn, as you may suppose, having to deal with embodied gto tesqueneas, lent himBelf to the task of re presenting it with that radness pf feeling it is almost superfluous to say Mr. Dunn knows so wellhow to nee for suoh a purpose. Mr. Hall, having only a good young man to per sonate, could; hardly: be other than unin teresting ; bat Mr. Taylor, as a muph kicked about and exceedingly sat-upon villain, was the opposite of uninteresting. Asa matter of cotatse Miss Bryce ^ras quite at home as.a. lively young garqon- All the rest of tire characters were only negations, and no actors and no acting could well advance them beyond a negative interest,. Such characters arelike."property "pistols, that go off wpU by accident only. I. suppose! lib; and Mm-.j Williamson, who. recently ' arrived frojn | America, will represent the next novelty, cted the piece in which they will appear £b entitled " Stxttck-OiL" Mr, and Mrs. William son are specialists, jthe specialty of Mr, Williamson being" Chinamen and DntchmeW [ and thai & Mrs. Williamson characters iff i which Audrey may be regarded as theShaks- < perfantype. ■ "■ t Next WednesdayMr. Dampier takes his bcnefit, and he intends to play VEugene ! U^rotMpnbring one of Ms <»*»•• jjnjappgjfc Dam^r Is a haid-worldng, ' eertaindlrections; arid as he hss ouite estab lished himself In thefavourof the public, idslprweritjai^w^ be fuUy x&comigeiL-; •. t The 'I^cesti!'ot^rebi. tonde!", during four weeks, At ike Prince !of Wales, enconraged the management to con tinue it for a fff^ and the judiciousness ;of the prolongation has been agreeably denote, etrated.> To-night, however, "Chiiperio" is really, » I believe, to displace it. "The Grand Ducbess" i»in rehearsal, to be ready in the event of"Chilperic" not turning out so tetiriactoiy as may be hope d. - : \ Td&i;£kt' the performance described W' "The Great Hiberoicon," is to be given'at St George's HslL If it be as good saeifc has been described, it will be an agreeable varia tion to tbe list pf Melbourne, amusements. and music, with descriptive Atesa^eh intjeri woven, it ought to have a mc merit Asyond the Concerningthie Shakapearian queries in 1m week's issue, J havereceived the follow ins:— .... i /'" to'••rajaiTB." , ! ' Sir,—In last Salurd&y;'e issue of The Atu tralasian I observed some interpretations by yea of some rather obscure passages of , Shakspeare. t I trust yon will not think me impertinent if I differ with you in the ren derings yon have given of the passage from "Hamlet" No. 8. " Hamlet "—Act 8, scene 2., , Hamlet (to Polonius)—Fori! the sun breed maggots In a dead dog, being a good kissing ctnion. The explanation given by Mr. Knight as to this passage is, I think, correct He says, "The ordinary reading, which was suggested by Warburton, is 'being a god, kissing car rion.' The text, as we give it is that of the quartos and folios (good), we feat thht this 'noble emendation,' as Johnson caQs it, cannot , be sustained by what folloes. The carrion is good at kissing—ready to re turn the kiss of the son—' Common kissing Titan,' Qymbeline, act 3, scene 4; and in the bitterness of his satire, Hamlet aho dates the. idea with the daqghter of Polo nius. Mr. Whiter, however, considers that good the original reading, is correct p hut that the poet uses the word as a substantive —the good principle ib the fecundity of' the earth. In that case we should read 'bring a good, kissing carrion.' {See Spewnenofa Commentary ion IShnkepeart, p. 167)." ' , See, also, the speech of Prince Henry—- [ " King Henry IV."—Part 1, act 2, scene 4. Didst thou never see a Titan kiss a dish oi butter (pitiful-hearted Titan), that melted at the sweet taste of the sun? ' i ■" Hamlet means, therefore, to warn Polonins as to his daughter's chastity in connexi6n with himself, Hamlet. For he continues, - " Let her not walk in the bod. that is, as I read it, let her not associate alone with me. "Conception is a blessing, but not as your daughter may conceive" (because she is un married). In support of this view I would aric you to look at act IIL, scene 1, where Hamlet also seems to warn Ophelia against himself. The whole of the passage you have quoted seems a hyperbole, in which the sun repre sents Hamlet, and the dead dog Ophelia. For as far as the sun is above the dead dog, so tor removed in station is Hamlet from Ophelia, as Polonins himself says, when re lating to the King mud Queen (act II., scene 2) bis conversation with Ophelia Lord Hamlet is a prince out of thy star. Commending these suggestions to you,—I am, &c;,, A Shakbpea.eian Student. Melbourne, 21st July, 1874. Another correspondent tells me that Mr. Barry Sullivan used to employ the reading of the "Hangout our banner" speech as sug gested by "Touchstone." This, I confess, I had forgotten; bet then Mr. Sullivan resorted to - a good many new readings—some of them judicious, others altogether unwarranted. For example, instead of saying " I'll take the ghost's word for a thousand pounds," be used to say, "I'll take the ghost's word for all the coin in Denmark." For such caprice there is no pardon, as there is no justifies tion. TAHITE, 