THE CHESS-PLAYER. INTERCOLONIAL CHESS MATCH BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. New South Wales v. South Australia. Flay was resumed at 9 p.m. on Tuesday, 3rd instant, and continued with great rapidity during the remainder of the match, the moves being telegraphed direct to Adelaide, a distance of about 1500 miles, which is perhaps one of the most noteworthy features connected with the game. At 10 p.m., Mr. Crane's opponent resigned, making the third victory for New South Wales; at 12 p.m., Mr. Tyrrell resigned to Mr. ltiaiey ; at nve minutes to 3 a.m., weanes day, the game between Messrs. Walker and Mann was drawn. The following is the final result of the play : — Board. N. S. Wales. South Australia. 1\. Mr. Fisher v. Mr. Hindmarsh— won byN.S, W. 2\. Mr. Wallach v. Mr. Fullarten— wonby S. A. 3\. Mr. Ryan v. Mr. Steele— drawn 4\. Mr. Walker v. Mr. Mann— drawn 5\. Mr. Crane v. Mr. Scott — won by N. S. W. 6\. Mr. Smith v. Mr. Beyer— won byN. 8. W. 7\. Mr. Ridley v. Mr. Tyrrell — won by N. S. W. The New South Wales players thus winning by a majority of three games. Mr. V. Brown acted as representative for South Aus tralia, and Mr. W. J. Cunningham performed the same kind office for our players. The telegraphic arrangements were under the supervision of Mr. W. Wilson, the station manager, and were conducted in a most satisfactory manner. The operating was performed most efficiently by Mr. Hammond. [Owing to the press of matter wo are compelled to withhold our usual chess information.] A Rival for California and Australia,— The upper valley of the Madeira River contains, approximately, 400,000 square miles, marvellously rich in every product or value in South America. Its eastern and central parts, the Bolivian provinces of Cordillera, Chiquitos, and the Beni were first settled by the Jesuits, who penetrated northward from their settlements in the valley of the Rio de la Plata, and organised numerous ' reductions ' of the native tribes and founded many prosperous towns. These, however, were always either npon the banks of navigable streams or within easy reach of them. Lying in the extreme eastern part of the Madeira Valley is the mineral Brazilian province of Matto- Grosso, abounding in valuable agricultural products and gold and diamond washings. It is, owing to its inaccessibility, very thinly populated, bnt promises to be in the future one of the most prosperous States of the Empire of Brazil. It is, also one of the, at the present, most unprotected frontiers of that oountiy, being almost at the mercy of the States of the Plata Valley in esse of war. Ascending the upper central and western rivers of the Madeira Valley, we reach the richest of all the slopes of the Andes, well popula'ed by the Spanish race, mixed with Quichua and Aymara Indians; the Indian element being probably the best which can be found upon the Western Continent, and capable of a high degree of civilization. Its power of increase m extraordinary, surpassing even that of the Mexican Indian races, which are so fecund. The Bolivian part of the Maderia Valley contains about 2,500,000 people, the Indian blood slightly predi urinating. At the date of Bolivian independence, in 1825, the population was less than 1,000,000. Out of the present inhabitants some 2,000,000 are in the valley of which we treat, living within comparatively easy reach of the navigable streams which swell the volume of the river Madeira. The country in which they live is, without exception, the richest on the globe, in everything that nature' gives to man. Its mineral wealth cannot b& equalled within any equal area upon the Western Con tinent. The number of silver mines opened there during the rule of Spain might appear fabulous were they not re gistered in the archives of the State. They exceed ten thousand. From the banks of the little streams which, feed the Beni branch of the Madeira, gold may be washed, almost anywhere ; we have little hesitation in stating that this auriferous districts will yet rival, if pot surpass, the fame of Australia and California combined. In fact, the whole slope of the Andes, in an immense sweep of one thousand miles, extending from Cuzco to Matto-Grosso, is a vast gold placer. — San Francisco Bulletin. A Nevada Masquerade.— An Austin City (Nevada) newspaper, enjoying the alliterative title of the Reese River Reveille, contains a somewhat original description of a masquerade ball given at the capital on the 29th of January. The delicate task of describing the appearance of the guests was evidently undertaken with great diffidence by the Reveille's reporter, who admits at the outset that ' costume ain't Iris forte.' The following are among the most forcibly described characters:— 'The bank' was represented by a ladv in a black gauze dress, covered with imitations of twenty-dollar pieces. ' Had they been genuine (says the reporter) ehe would not have got out of the house with a. rag on her back.' 'Night' was similarly represented, ' lacking the ' soap.' ' A lady who appeared as ' a ghastly,, gaping, ghostly ghost caused our deputy to recollect about one per cent, of his sins.' The ' belle' is described in the following glowing language : — ' The most gorgeous, stunning, high-toned, richest, firs test-classes t, nicest, or any other adjective costume in the outfit was that worn by Miss Frankie Clark. She was the stunningest, gayest, and gallusest dressed gal in the room. She appeared as a page, and both costume and action were as perfect as a big sunflower.' The most noticeable among the gentlemen, were two friends as harlequins, one of whom is described as being ' spry as a camel,' and a gentleman as fool or clown, whose costume is said to be ' fitted for either.' ' A soldier of the Legion' ' didn't lay dying in Algiers, but was probably lying in gal's ears.' Don Caesar de Bazan was ' gorgeous ana stunning.' High Heels with a Vengeance.— High heels for ladies' use are, as most of our readers are doubtless aware,, no new thing. They were introduced under the name or 'chopines' in the reign of Queen Elizabeth. ' By r lady, Hamlet says to one of the lady actors, in his play before the King of Denmark, 'your ladyship is nearer heaven than when I saw you last, by the altitude of a chopine . This fashion also came from Italy, and Coryate reports that , in his time the chopine was so common that no one could go ? - without it. ' It is a thing made of wood, he Bays, and covered with leather of sundry colours, some white, some red, some yellow. Many of them are curiously painted; some also of them I have seen fairly gUL There are many of these chopines of a very great height, even half a yard high; and by how much the nobler a woman is, by so much the higher are her chopines. AH their gentle women, and most of their wives and widows that are of any wealth, are assisted and supported either by men and women* when they walk abroad, to the end that they may not fall.' ? 