THE RIGHT BEV. DR. PERRY, BISHOP OF . MELBOURNE. The departure of the Bishop of Melbourne by the last mail steamer from the diocese in which lie has so long and faithfully laboured lias been felt by the church to be a severance that is, virtually, ft filial ono. The bishop may, as he said, come again to the colony next year ; but if lie does so, his visit will not be a long one, arid the purpose of his journey will be little more than to resign bis episcopate before' returning finally to England. Consequently, his departure was viewed by the church as prac tically a last leave-taking, and the feeling gave a tinge of sorrowful regret to the addresses that were presented to him before lie left. At the termination of the business of the last Church Assembly an address was presented to the bishop from the assembly, and on February 26, before he went on board the mail-steamer, an address from the clergy and laity of the church was presented to Dr. Perry in the Town-hall. The presentation was made by the Hon. C. Sladen, C.M.G. In the course of the address tbo following allusions were made to tbe progressive innovations on church government due to the initiative or encouragement of Bishop Perry. It observed : — 'In recognising, as wo do thankfully, the promptitude and energy which you manifest in a critical period of the church's life, we are glad to call to mind other steps which the same energy and far-seeing wisdom enabled you to take, and the result of which has been to mould our church's life into the form into which it is now presented to the world. When representative institutions in the church were regarded by most men with reprobation, and by their very advocates with fear, you laboured to introduce them, and, overcoming the scruples of friends and the opposition of enemies, obtained for them the sanctions of the local Government and of Her Majesty the Queen. When the introduction of laymen into the councils of the church was regarded with apprehension by tbe clergy, and with doubt by the laity themselves, you invited them to take their full share in her legislation. When, the voice of the congregations' in the appointments of tlieir ministers was de nounced as dangerous, you called on them to share with yourself the responsibility. When a layman's preaching to a congregation appeared to many to be a profane encroachment on tbe sacred office, you required the candidates for the ministry to prove by ? their evangelistic labours their fitness for the work before you laid your hands upon them, and thus turned the necessities of the church into a means of both extending her ministrations and testing the character of her future ministers. Moreover, you encouraged faithful men, who still continued .in their secular calling, to exercise, in aiding the parochial clergy, their .gifts as visitors, teachers, and preachers. And now we find each of these once-dreaded innovations either adopted by the church in the colonies, and even in England, or urged upon her by her best friends, as essential to her progress, if not to her stability. No one has acknowledged you as his guide, no one has pointed to you as a leader ; but all, or almost all, are quietly following in the paths which you have dared to open.' The address went on to state that the church, during tbe time of Dr. Perry's episcopate, had grown from three clergymen to 120, and from three congregations to 300. The BishoD. in reDlv. said : — 'I will not trust myself, my friends, to reply further than to express my feelings.of deep thankfulness for the address which has just been read by a dear friend, who, as he says, was one of the few who welcomed me to these shores. I see others in the room who were contemporary, or rather who were older in the colony than myself, and who were present on that occasion, and it affects me deeply now to see them here, and to receive from them, as well ns from others, this valedictory expression of their feelings towards me.' He then read the reply he had prepared, which contained the following passage : — . . 'I will say no more about myself, but proceed to speak briefly upon another topic on which I feel very deeply. Our church has now, as you have remarked, been planted in this land, and its organisation as an ecclesiastical institution, although doubtless capable of much improvement, may be regarded as complete. But as a steam-engine, when all its machinery is perfect, requires, for enabling it to perform its -intended work, both fuel and fire, so does the church require an adequate supply of faithful and able ministers, together with the life-giving power of the Holy Ghost, in order that it may accomplish the Lord's work. Without a larger pouring out of the Holy Spirit, and without additional clergymen duly qualified for their sacred office, all bur organisa tion will be found wholly inefficacious. Suffer me also, my beloved brethren of the laity, to remind you of the apostle's precept, ' Let him that is taught in the word minister unto him tbat teacheth in allgood things.' God, you will remember, worksby human agency, and if you would expect any good thing for yourselves or others you must not only ask it from Him, but also do what you ran for obtaining it. If you desire to see the church of your fathers established in the affections of the people of Victoria you must each of you set apart a proportion of your/income — whatever you conscientiously feel to be right in your particular circumstances — for, the maintenance and extension of that church. To do so is both a duty and a- great privilege, for thereby you.will not only promote the glory of God, and the spiritual good of j-our neigh bours and fellow-countrymen, ? but you* will also secure the Divine' favour for yourselves, your families, and all connected with you. ' Charge them that are rich in this world,' wri/es the apostle to Timothy, ' that. they be not high-minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly nil things to enjoy ; that they do good ; that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, .willing to communicate ; laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay bold on eternal life.' Nor is the blessedness of giving limited only to the rich, for the small offering of the poor man is as acceptable unto the Lord as the larger donation ot hi!1 inoie wealthy neighbour.' ' ,\ . i At the end of the speeches the Bishop wished farewell to tho company, and went oh board the steamer, many of his friends . accompanying him to say good-bye. . Dr. Perry is the youngest son of the late Mr! John Perry, of Moor-hall, Essex, and was born in 1807. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B. A. in 1828 ns Senior Wrangler and Smith's Prizeman andfirstrclass in classics. \Ho was afterwards elected a Fellow of his 'college. He held a parochial cure in Cambridge for several years, and was in 1847 consecrated to what has developed under' his ? charge into the highly important sco of Melbourne, on the subdivision of the diocese of Australia. Ho has thus held the episcopate about 27 years, and two years ago — the 25th* anniversary of pis assuming the post — was duly celebrated by the church in Victoria. 