Adelaide Jottings. Tuesday evening Aug 4ili, 1S74. Amusements during the past week haA-c been more than usually abundant. Mr. Fairclougli lias o-iven two farewell performances at the Royal. On Monday evening July 27th this great tragedian appeared as Hamlet. The house was remarkably AVCII filled especially the dress circle. A very peculiar omission Ava^ made in the castel viz. that of the Ghost. Before the curtain rose it Avas intimated io the audience that the bodily appearance of this character Avouldbe left out it being Mr. Fairclough's ojnnion that it Avas quite unnecessary to place before an audience a phenomeno 11 no one CA'er in reality saw. This is all. very Avell Avliere Hamlet alone "confronts |the apparition, or Avhcrehc sees it AA-hile in conversation Avitli the Queen, but Avliere Horatio and Marcellus actually Avatch for the visit of his fathers spirit, and are so moved by its appearance, its absence did seem somewhat strange. Two other entertainments have also taken place at the Roy.d, the one on Wednesday evening being in aid of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Asylum. The performers, with the exceptions of Miss May Howard and Miss Bowring, Avcre all amateurs. The piece produced Avas Pj'gmalion and Galatea. This play is quit new t-> Adelaide, and its novelty secured a splendfd house to Avitness its first production. The scene is laid in Athens. Pygmalion being a sculptor who is wrapt up in his arr. and espccilaly in a master-work statute of Galatea. Cynisca his Avife having to leave home, tells her husband to devote his attention to the statute during her absence. This Pygmalion does, wishing only that his handiwork had life. Accordingly he invokes the gods to endow it with animation. and this prayer is granted, and the lovely figure converses Avitli tlie half-awed sculptor. Eventually Cynisca returns, and finds Pygmalion in company with Galatea who has become most devotedly attached to him. Giving way at last to a violent fit of jealously, Cynisca strikes her husband blind. This is such a trial to the unfortunate Galatea that she personates Cynisca, and thus obtains an avowal from the sculptor that his" love for his wife has not abated, Cynisca overhearing the confession forgives her husband and restores him his sight again. On beholding Galatea he curses her as being the source of all his misery. Galatea heartbroken at her disappointment supplicates the gods to restore her to the cold figure she once Avas and the curtain finally falls on the beauteous marble figure replaced on its pedestal. The characters were all very creditably sustained Galatea Avas of course put into the hands of Miss Howard, Avho did it every justice. Mr. ToAvnsend M.P. took a place in the evening's engagement and rendered with great spirit " Whiteside's Defence of the Irish." The laughable farce Bombastes Furioso concluded a very enjoyable entertainment. The other entertainment of which I spoke was a complimentary benefit to Miss HoAvard which Avas given on Friday evening. The performances Avere mostly the same as appeared on Wednesday evening. Upon this occasion the Hunchback Avas produced, Miss Howard taking the character of Julia, and Miss BoAvring that of Helen. Notwithstanding the cold and damp weathei^the house Avas well filled. This piece requires a great deal of acting and was as far as the amateurs were concerned hardly so pleasing as one ! could wish, although some of the performers sustained their parts fairly. The Avhole performance was got up somewhat hurriedly, and the lack of rehearsal Avas in many parts apparent. His Excellency and suite were present. On Thursday evening, tlie Philharmonic Society gave tlieir fourth concert for the year ending 1873-4. Mendelsshon's great Avork, " the Elijah"' was performed by an orchestra of about one hundred persons. Mr. Spiller acted as conductor. Mr. J. Hull as the leader and Mr. Pj'lu as pianist. M.r. Rogers supported the part of Elijah, and the u: nor solos were A-ery tastefully sung by Mr. Gowcnlock. The unaccompanied trio, " Lift thine eyes/ 5 deserves special mention it being the gem of the evening, and as this Avas the first time the youngladies had attempted anything of the kind great credit is due to them. '|'hc hall Avas well fille£ but not so crowded£,as upon former occas ons. The Adelaide Iicunds had a splendid run on Saturday afternoon. Avhich turned out a most glorious one. The sun shone and the air Avas keen—just tlie day for sport.—The hounds Avere laid on in a paddock adjourning the Commissoner Downer's at Paradise. Several very AVCII known horses were out, amongst the most prominent of Avhicli Avere Typc'riddcn by the master, Colt handled by Mr. Bonnin, and Hamlet reined by Mr. Malcolm. The first fence Avas taken by the master AVIIO. however, made a gap for those behind. Colt, Playboy, and Hamlet not caring to disgrace themselves by going throuo-li a gap, took a course of their OAVII, and came flying over the first fence keeping close to the road for a quarter of a mile or so. The next fence taken Avas the one at Avhich Mr. Bonnin came to grief last season. This time. hoAvever, Colt came over in a very pretty manner, and the rest of the field assayed it safely. The hounds then took the hunters over a very stiff fence close to the creek, which caused several to look before the. leapt ! Then on they went over a Avater jump, next a three railer, and another stiff i'ence brought them across the river. Several other fences then followed i;i quick sueession. The hounds now made across into Mr, Justice GWynne's, a trial which AVUS immediately follOAved by a creek, and then another fence soon after broughe the run to a closc. Both Houses have had plenty to do again, this Avcck the Waterworks Consolidation and Civil Service Bills have had careful consideration. On Tuesday the Hon. H. Hay moved for a Railway to the Murray irom Port Adelaide. This gentleman made a veiy fine speech, going minuteiy into all the advantages that would be gained by the Ace'.aide and country peop'c. lir. llogarth ; beinir evidently jealous oi. the other colonies, opposed the motion. He said he would go in for the motion if they could prove the railway Avould pay its expenses, but he very much doubted Avhethcr it would. Mr. Santo then moved that the debate be adjouorned till that day Aveek, Avhich Avas carried. And now after all these amusements I must try to find some news which this week is rather a scarce commodity. A little excitement has been caused amongst the Adelaide defectives during the last few days, durinu- the last few day. A Joseph Me Closkev. Superintendaiit of the Tasinaniaii Police."set out after a Dr. -Jolm West AVIIO it seems\vas wanted by the Insolvent Court oil very pressing business. The officers having arrested the prisoner at Wentworth. proceeded to Adelaide. An attempt Avas made to liberate the Doctor, who was brought before the Supreme Court on Thursday last on a Imhca* corpus writ. A flaw having been found in the charge, he Avas dismissed, but of course only to be rearrested. The charge having been amended, the prisoner was brought before Mr. Beddoinc on Friday morning, Avho remanded liim to a 'i'asinaniaai Court. Mr. J. W. Downer appeared in the Supreme Court on behalf of the prisoner Home delay was caused on Saturday afternoon to the Port train on its way from Adelaide. 'Hie train left. Adelaide at r, p.m., and proceeded in safty to Wuodvillc, where some injury happened to the engine. 'I his threw ail the .subsequent trains about two hours, which caused great inconvenience. On Monday night the wonderful tiirards made their first "appearance. The pit and. gallery of the Theatre Avere cvowdedfand the other parts of the house scattered, 'iliese new performers are of the boneless nature. Their entertainment is called Legmaina, and. consists is putting themselves through very clever contortions which however only lasts for some ten minutes, the remainder of the evening being taken up with far<*e.-=, Sac., for Avhich Miss liowrinir has been engaged. 