duke of edinburgh's marriage. The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria com menced at noon ou the 23rd Jannaty, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the surrounding galleries. The ladies were sumptuonsly attired ; the prevailing cos- tames, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatist. After as sembling, a procession was formed with the grand equerries, chamberlains, and officers of the Court Leading them came the Emperor and Empress, the Prince Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, ; and she wore a diamond coronet Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense pro cession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian coloneL All were decorated with the Russian Order of St Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace ; the Im perial German Princess was dressed in the same style ; the Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. The procession, upon reaching the Russian church, was received by the metropolitan head of the Russian chnrch of the Holy Synod, beariug crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor con- dncted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, assuming bis sta tion, with the Empress immediately be hind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dnkes. The wedding rings, borne on golden sal vers, were deposited on the altar tempo rarily, nntil placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson, and gold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremouy was nniqne in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held sus pended over the heads of the bridal pair, Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Ser- guis that over the bride. The Imperial confessor then said : " Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alex andra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost" Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded, the marriage of Cana of Galilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married conple walked thrice round the raised dais, hold ing to the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang " Glory to Thee, O Lord ! " concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The pro cession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who daring the solemnisation of the Greek Chnrch service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal snrplice with a jewelled collar of the Order of the Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English consulates were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftns, the English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers in foil costume were also present Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gortshakofij surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses. When foe marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wed ding service was then impressively per formed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the book of Common prayer. The delivery of the final bene diction, " God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost, bless, preserve, and help yon," was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly-married conple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-face ; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy — the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on ex cellent terms with the German Prince, and looked well. Daring the ceremony in the English chapel the Empress of Russia, being a confirmed invalid and fotigned, seemed overcome, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes, when the married conple sainted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of. popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public square took place, and the general scene was one of- splendid festivity- The scene formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendor. . After the marriage rites there was# banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous halL At the close of the ball the bridal conple were formally marched to the bndal chamber, accompanied by he Emperor and the officers of the Court. The festivities . were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor bring present 