WESLEYAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY, GOOLWA. The anniversary services in connection with the We3leyan Church, Goolwa, were celebraied on Sunday and Monday last, the 15th and Kith instant. On the Sunday excellent sermons were pieached, mornins and eveniuir- bv th« Rbp, James Bickford, of Adelaide. The threatening aspect of the weather militated rery consideradlv against a large attendance at the morning servf ces, but in the evening the building- was crowd ed. Mr. Bickford attended the Sunday School in the afternoon of the same day and suitably addressed the children and some of their friends who had assembled with them. The inevitable TEA MEETING took place in the Chapel on the following day, when the ladies' efforts in the refectory line we're evidently much appreciated by a large gathering. As to the edibles themselves, we will simply say the tea was good, the pastry, &c;, excelleut in quality and very inviting, and the supply abun dant. There were six tables, or, in tea meeting parlance — trays, arranged around the Chapel, which were presided over by Mesdames J. Bark ley, Barber, Suniner, J- Turrell, Wolter, and F. and W. Wright, the first five of whom were assisted in their onerous task by Misses Kirby, Young1, Fanny Sumner, Turrell, fud Atkin. There was a large gathering at the PUBLIC MEETING, which was held in the Chapel in the evening. A hymn having been sung and a prayer offered by the Rev. James Allen, the latter gentleman said without wasting time in preliminaries they would at once proceed with the business of the evening1. In the first place they had to elect a Chairman ; then listen to a lecture 5 and finally endeavour, if possible to clear the debt off their Church. He then proposed Captain George Johnston as Chair man of that evening's meeting. This having been carried, Captain Johnston took the chair, and after a iew prefatory remarks called upon Mr. Thos. Goode, jun., who read the Fiuan cial Report, which shewed that the total income from all sources amounted to about £145, and after deducting £84 f jr repairs to the Church, interest, commission, &c;, a balance of £61 was left towards the reduction of the debt. During the year the trustees had endeavoured to pay off several small loans and borrow one large amount at a lower rate of interest. Tue Chairman said they had heard the balance-sheet read, which shewed that they were still very far astern. As the evening was fast going he would not detain them with a speech, but briefly call upon the lecturer. The Rev. James Bickford, after expressing his pleasure at hearing the plain and business-like balance-sheet that had just been presented them by their Treasurer, congratulated them on their exertions during the past year. He said it was not without a great deal of persuasion he bad con sented to visit them that evening, for his engage ments were so numerous as to occupy nearly the whole of his time. Their minister, Mr. Allen, saw him in Adelaide and earnestly entreated him to visit them 5 but he could not see his way clear to do so. CaDtain Johnston then used his per suasive powers upon him, and he ultimately con sented. Instead of addressing the meeting in the usual way, he had determined to give them a lecture on the ' West Indies,' where he esteem ed it the greatest honour of his existence to have been permitted to spend fifteen years of his life as a missionary. He cherished its memory with all the affection of a first love. A great deal was often suid about first and second love, but he thought the first was the strongest, as it was one of an ardent and determined choice ; the latter was more one of convenience. He could never forget — or indeed wished to forget — the many Incidents connected with missionary labours in those islands. He then, by means of a large map, pointed out tne West India Islands, and referred to the theory that there was a subterra nean connection between one island and another, which was slrikingly apparent during earthquakes, for the shocks were felt simultaneously over all the islands. They were discovered by Christo pher Columbus, who was born in the city of Genoa, at that time in the kingdom of Genoa, but now united to Italy. At the early age of 14 he became a sailor. He impressed upon young men that it was infinitely better for them to earn a silver spoon Jor themselves than be bora with one in their mouth. Coluuibu3 was born of poor parents, and at that early age he was compelled to go to sea. In his younger days his time was employed in sailing 10 Sicily and Sardinia and the various islands in that neighbourhood. As he grew in years he made longer voyages, until at last he became one of the most skilful navi gators in Europe. On the 4th of August, 1492, Columbus, under the auspices of the Queen of Spain, started in the good ship St. Mary on a voyage of discovery. He sailed due west, but after proceeding a great number of days without any indication of land hi* crew, many of whom wanted to share his honours bat not his toils; mutinied. Columbus went down into his cabin and prayed earnestly to God that if he was per mitted to discover land he would name it afier his Saviour. Shortly afterwards the man at liie masthead *.a*v land, and Columbus took posses sion of it in the name of the Queen of Spain, and named it Salvador — the Spanish name for Saviour. He hastened back, reported his discovery to the Queen, and applied for a second expedition, with which he proceeded to Cuba, and afterwards made Jamaica. On his third voyage ha discovered the island of Trinidad. This island is of very pecu liar appearance, having three peaks or sus-arioaves, which led Columbus to designate it Trinidad — the Spanish name for Trinity. Columbus was un doubtedly the discoverer of the West ludies and the Continent of America. The island of Cuba, soon after its discovery, was peopled with Spanish-Europeans. Differences soon existed between the natives of the island and the invaders of their territory, and as was always the case the weakest went to the wall. The Indians had a suspicion that there was a resurrection of the dead, for no sooner was one of their invaders killed than others appeared to rise up in his place. The aborigines of Australia held somewhat simi lar opinions ; also the natives of Fiji ; and he believed the Maories. He then took his hearers to the tight and picturesque little island of St. Vincent, where, prior to the visit of missionaries, the natives groped in terrible and feartul spiritual darkness. The rev. gentleman then gave his missionary experiences and said he was always sorry he did not go to the West Indies a few month9 earlier than he did, that is, in May, 1838, instead of December, of the same year. He would then have been enabled to witness the glorious emancipation of the slaves, which took place on the first of August of that year, and see some of those scenes that must have gladdened the hearts of the angels as they gazed down upon them. He then referred to the night of July 3ist — the day before the emancipation. About 10 o'clock that night the slaves were assembled in a large chape], aud a sermon was preached to theis from the words delivered by Moses to ihe children of Israel when they set out to the Promised Land ? ' Then beware lest thou lorget the Lord.' The service was a very impressive one. About five minutes to 12 o'clock they bent their knees in silent prayer ia regular watch-night fashion. At 12 o'clock the town clock iu the distance began to strike the hour in long- and measured strokes. As soon as the hour had been struck the mission ary arose and told them in the name of the Queen of England they were all free. The angels took an interest in tho welfare of men, and he believed that the angels of God rejoiced tvith them on that occasion. None could speak until a little black boy arose from among the congrega tion and g«»ve the Doxology in his own version : — ' Praise de God from whom all de blessings flow, Praise him all de creatures here below, Praise him above, all de heavenly host, Praise -le Father, and de Son, and de Holy Ghost.' It was a glorious si-rht — a work that had cost 20 millions to accomplish; and he believed such a nation that would spend so much to free slaves would never be forgotten or any enemies be allowed to triumph over her. The emancipated slaves acted better than their most saujruine friends anticipated ; and from that day to the present (making allowance of course for human infirmities) they shewed that the British nation had not made a mistake. T.he rev. Jecturer then gave numerous anecdotes and interesting informa tion as to Ihe manners, &c;, of those interesting people ; but space forbids our entering into the subject more fully. The lecture was much appreciated, and at its close whs loudly ap plauded. The customary votes of thar.ks brought the proceedings to a close at a late hour. The total proceeds of the anniversary (incit: ding promises) amounted to £35. 