COUNTRY NEWS [From our Country Correspondents.] GLENBURN, JULY 14. A very successful soiree in connection with the Glenburn Institute was given on Thursday evening, July 9, and notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the weather end darkness of the nigh^ there was a luge number of person! in attendance. The eolree commenced by Mrs. Ladyman playing the opening pteoe. The firtt on the, programme was "Beautiful Star," very sweetly sung by Mrs. Ladyma* and her pupils. Onr Institute Boiraea are always highly appro dated by the audience on amount of the mnile and ringing being ao anterior. The duet, "Love and Pride," by Hisses Bryant and Apple ton, elicited an enoore. The prognmme in cluded the following pleat*, which were weU rendered. Mr. W. Prhw, of Adelaide, three readings, highly appreciated; " Beautiful Btar," song, by Mr*. Ladyman and papib; "The Spanish Champion," recitation. Mr. Ap pleton; song, Mn. Ladyman, "Love among the roses; "song, Mrs, ladyman'a pupils, "Put me in my Little Bel;" Mr. Ladyman. reading, "The Irish Dancing Master;'' song, Mn. Ladyman, "Nolrish need Apply;" Master B. Whyte, recitation, "The Ghost;" the choir, *■ Write me a letter from home ;" Mr. Whyte, reading, "Bobby* Breeches;" Mrs. Ladyman, "TheGipsy'* Waning;" Mr. MoLaod, a reading, " The Umbrella Courtship;" the choir, a song, "Wait for the Waggon;" "10a Me and HI go to Sleep," choir; Mr. Whyte, reading, "The Highlander at Sea;" duet, Miss Bryant and Miss Appleton, " Lore and Pride," eioored; song. Hit Ladyman, "Not for Joseph;" recitation, Mr. Appleton, "The BashelorVi lament;" Mrs. Ladyman, aong," Mrs. Jones's Musloal Party •" recitation. Master Jaa. Whyte, "At the Dawning of the Day;" aong by the choir, " Will Ton Bay My Pretty Flowers." The amusing trial from Met wick Papers-"BardeU v. Pickwick," in full dress, caused mats of laughter. Three cheers were given for Mrs. Ladymaa. and herpupiU, "God Rave the Queen" closed a vary pleasant evening's resreation. GTTMBRAOHA, Jtjiy 16. A public meeting was held at the District Hotel on Monday, the 13th nit. to take Into coaatderatts* she 4th eHrJaon of the 79tk<daase of the Police Act, in referanse to carters riding upon the shafts of their waggons. Mr. J. B. Bandell was unanimously voted to the chair, and in opening the meeting stated that the clause referred to was very hard upon teamsters, us, man, if compelled to walk by the aide of bis team and having a long distance to travel, would be completely exhausted; besides the safety of boththe driver and the public would be endangered If the division if the clause was carried out, as the nones sad skid were more under command of the driven when standing upon the shafts. He hoped the clause wouldbeirepealed. Mr. Cornish gaid he felt much interested in tin subjert. Bis experience with hones had shown him that walking by the ride of * team was a very dangerous pUm for the driver. He con aidered the present clause of the Act positively tyrannical. First, the Width of Tires Act was pressed upon the carriers, and then they were compelled t« carry lights. Both of these might be beneficial to the public; but an Act to pre vent a man from riding upon the shafts of his waggon would prove absolutely injurious to the public at large. He did not think it right teamsten should be thus oppressed. Any per son that had to do with horses would know that the driver had most control over his team while upon the shafts, and be was at a loss to tell where the authorities would Bnd any aeddent having taken plaos by the driver occupying this position. He thought all carrien ought to dlsoountena?oe anah • clause as the one to which reference had been made. Mr. H. Dawson quite eonourred with the remarks made fay Mr. Cornish and the Chairman. On the shafts was the place for the driver, and the only safe one; while if team sten were compelled to walk by the aide of their bones the lives of both driver and the publlo would be endangered. Mr. Clarke en dorsed What had been said by previous speakers. If the Act was enforced it would necessitate sending two driven with a team, so that they might relieve each other. At this stage ot the meeting It was tmantmoasly re solved that • memorial should be forwarded to the Legislature asking them to repeal the 4th division 79 clause of the Act, and the following gentlemen were appointed to draw up the me morial :—Messr*. J. B. p?m1?il, H. Dawson, W. Cornish, and H. Lewis. A vote of thanks te tfaa Chairman terminated the proceedings. ' MOUNT PLE&SAffT;, Jtrtr 14. List Monday evening a complimentary dUner was given to Mr. Thomas Roberts, late Coun cillor, upon his leaving tbe district; Mr. George Melrose occupying the chair, and Mr. Georgs PhillU the vW Lstten of apology were read from Messrs. F. D. Hodge, H. A. Giles, and F. Hannaford, they being nmH« to attend on amount of business. Between 90 and 40 sat down to a splendid dinner, provided by Host Skinner, of the Talunoa Hotel, when, after the guests had satisfied cfie wants of the inner man, and honorad the tasualloval toasts, the Chairman gave the toast of .".The Guest of of the Evening,"- and ,iu^ao doing read the following address, whtah was accompanied with * pone containing 37 sorarsUjUS—-*' To MS - Thomas Roberta, Mount Pleasant.—Dear Sir— We, your neighbor* and friends, residing in and near the neighborhood of Mount Pleasant, take advantage of the present occasion to testify to tbe retpeet we entertain for you.- During your residence of some 16 yean amongst us we have always found your conduct straightforward and honorable in the various positions you have occupied, whether as a man of busi ness, as Secretary to the Mount Pteasnnt Agricultural and Horticultural Society, as Secretary to the Institute, Friendly Societies Lodges, as District Oeu?tflor, or private friend; and we wish hereby sincerely to thank you for all your valuable and eflMtnt services during the long period you have been a member of cur little community. We sincerely wish you and Mr. Boberts and family increased happiness and prosperity In your new sphere of action, and trust that, though removed from Meant Pleasant, you will be enabled to look back to the time you have passed hare as not the least pleasant In your life. As a small token of our respect and cstfwn, we beg- out acceptance of this purse of sovereigns, and remain, your friends and wellwishen." (Bigued on behalf of the Chairman and members of the various institutions In which he held offlcea, and likewise of the Inhabitants,) Cheers three times three were thea given wlrh musical honors. Mr. Beberts then responded to this toast, stating how gratifying It was to Idm to recebe so marked a token of the respect In which he was held by the people of Mount Pleasant. In after yean he hoped the testi monial would be held in as much appreciation by his children as it was by himself.- He parti cularly thanked the gentleman who was in strumental in getting op * the address and aoeompanying* gift, and he thanked all them present. Vk? Vue-Ohsirman* proposed the next toast, "Theland we live, in and the combined Cnterests," Dr. Bamh then, pro posed, "Tradeand Town ot Mount Pleasant." Drank with three times three Mr, G. Popje responded then to the last toast; and Mr. Mosart proposed " Lady Musgrava and Ladles of Mount Heaaant,?*Ueh wZ also drank with •three times time, aad Mr. Newton responded. The toasts of "The Chair," "Vfae-Ohalr," "Host and Hostess," and "Press* were pro posed, honored, and responded to. The pro ceedings were enlivened by a number of very good songs ray well sung, several being en cored; and an original composition by Messrs. 'Burton and Gunter, and sung by them, caused much amusement. Altogether a very pleasant «venlag was spent.] VIRGINIA, Jcxt 17. A meeting of the Virginia Agricultural So ciety was- held on Wednesday evening, July 15th, at the Wheatsheaf. There were present —Mr. L. Hewett. J.P.. President (in the chair); Mr. J. Odgers, Vioe-President j Mb F. Saint, Treasurer: and tile following members of the Oommlttse^Mumis. J. Ltndsay, W.J. Baker, J. B. Smith, M. K*ln,J. B. Talbot,T. For. rests!, W. O. Smith, J. Kyan, W. Warden, B. Hatcher. 3. Bateup, J. S. Ohdeidosm, J. BastweU, J.VMc?voy, and -ti>. SesS ttry, Mr. J. Nash. The prike-list revtsea. by the Bub?Oommittee was read, and after one or two amendments made, it vasaaoptad by the full Committee, and passed as read. The amounts In the respective classes are as If olio w: — Ploughinr, £26 10s. ; digging, £210*,; hone stock. £1? Ms.; ; eattbj, sheep, £6 j swine, £4105.; dairy produoe, £7 6f.; praltry, £2; grain, £5; vegetables, £210*.; Implements, £9; total, £97 Is. The Society have added to their nsual liberal piUe-list four new classes, vie, blood stook, sheep, fat cattle, and vegetables, and altogether may be com plimented on their liberal programme of prizes, which, I suppose, will shortly appear in the advertising colomns of the weekly paper*. Tbe ploughing will take plaw on a nice piece of land, the property-of Mr. Wm. JUdgway. Jan., dose to the township; After selecting judges in the severs! cisssos, and disposing of a lot of other budnen, Including votes of thanks to the President and Committee, the Booting broke np. - * *•■ r } BLA.CK BOOK PLAIN, JOI.T 13. The farmers have got at last nearly up to the Una q?f TaitifaH, «.i?J fo?y —f * w?ll Sa^lfiti^. There is plenty of fintHdass land north of the i Une to be surveyed yet, aad I expect to seethe farmers or ~w?Wfan?« as they ate common!? called np here—ea far north as (VLaddie sta tion before another, year baa gjone by.—There ■ze a few who have commenced fallowing, and a good many more would begin only the squatters'sheep have eaten glass, mills anil all, ao there Is not a bit ot feel of any sort.' This plain will present a different appearance in a few months, whan all the farmers get their doable farrow ploughs in it—The weather is vetj mfi and coM,' siad showa every appearaoce j tt % good aeason, CLAEB, July 15. Mr. Fslidough gave acme of UsXMUala In the Qbue Hall thia evening. TheaadUaoawaa rather ngtll, bnt appeared to be well pieaaed with ibe entertainment Some dlaappointmant ia felt that «fc Fairekragh only appeara ana night, he being adverOnd for two nighta. |a> great many of our townafolk Intended to go to-morrow if ttair frienda gave a favorabbj ao connt, bnt of oontae wiU net bow be able. COROMANDEL VAhLEt, Jxnx 16. During the paat week tte.woaahar haabeaa exoeedingly oold, and ttfai moralag tta gtonnd waa oavered with a vary aharp frort—tte aaarpeatof tte aaaaoa.—tVart week a lad aged 12yean.aon of Mr, Wlnn, bad a voryaanow aaaape of lodng hai aiafet throaah playW with gunpowder, wnleh he bad got from a aahool fdlow. He planed tt la a pleas of bamboo, expeotiiig to hear a report; bat, putting a UghtoTmatohto the barVpowaar ttexpledet In hla faoNabigai?gbla eyelaahca aadbmwiaad aoorahiag hb eyaa. He waa taken Indoon by anelderbratterandatonee attended to. Feara wereantertaiaed for bla eight at Bnt, but lam happy to aay that he la faat laoaietlnit. The laaaonhehaslaarnt. It la to be hoped, wDI aot be thrown away, for it baa been la dangareaa pnwUee with tte aeheoibeya in thla ndghboc hood for aoma time paat EDITHBURGH, Joxt 14. Ueanm. J. DnnnfcOo. are about to eoaunenoe tte eraeHon of their gtaam flour mflh hen, whiehwlll, lam oonfidant, gtre vary general aasuAsttmtofanaeraaadocheraof thla ana. The fast ttat a mm will ahortly be bmlt ben, combined wltt tte vote lately paaaod for oar lettr. and which work I hear la to be oonpMad bytheendoftheyear.maatatoaeeafleaeetha petty jealonuea oxiatiag aa to tte moat eUglhle nteforaportatttlaendot the Fcoiaaala, or at leaataatiafy impartial fadgeattat Mlfthnif-h wOlnowbeaakaowledgedtte prindpal outlet and Inlet for our predaoa and iwinirwaaatii The advaategae poaaaaa?d bya mOl aUnatea* tte aaaboard over an Inland atm are admitted tobeo?n«lderaWe,aa It win be, I aa afraid, aome yean before we have maoaflamlawd mada to even the meet Important plaaaa bdaad from thiapartof tte ooaat, and it la reaaonable to enppoae that a mala line will be made at no dlataat date throngb tta PeaiaaaU from thla port, thaa enabiinglarman to bring ttair pra dnee to tte aea^oaat at all ttmea of tte year, andprobaMy teoelvugapennyor twopeneepar tmabdinontha?liilaitdbqrerieoaldgiva. MOONTA, JutT 16. We have had aame nfnahing ahowen alnee my laat, which were amah needed y aa from enqmrlea made, It waa aaaartalaed ttat la tte townahip then waa not mush man thaa a week'a •apply la band.—the ooatmeten, Maaara. NetQeton ft Thome, an paahmg oa the alnkbtfof the tank with all poaribkfdla pateh. Then are aa many man at work aa tta1 etmnned apace wfll permit—The asmera heU ttah- monthly Vniaa meettag aear tta b hlbHiea Bnfldtag on Batnrday. The prin cipal apaaken ware Maaan. IHxoau An thony, Strike, and Itunuaa. The Ohatrman, (Mr. Dlxon) atatei ttat ttdr Union waa pro. greaalng wltt regard to numbers in a meat estiafaosary manner. The men working at the Wallaroo Smelting Worka bad, aftermatan deUbanthm, aeen tte aavtaabQlty of tndttog ! with them, aad they had emeUed a eonaUer. ahu number from than, aad more of them it waa antiotoated would join. Immigration waa denounced in the abeageat tenna aa being tm juatl?od by any exbUng want of labor, iaa only objeot being toflaod tte labor market, aad by ao doing tedaee tte rate of wagea. Soaw of the men at work-on tte anutter miaea wen danouaoed aa tralton to the aauas, .they not baring aa yet joined tte Union. A paper war haa bean going on hen between Mr. 0. & Han, tte Manager of tte Nalyappa Mine, aad anndry writaa in the local journal. The eornapondeaae, eoio plimentery on neiOter aide, aad the «oeation at iaaua la now farther from being eettfed than when It oommeneed. The apeakara at the meeting oharaetedaed Mr. nWi atteraaaea la tenna eearady polite to mention. Mr. Han haa endeavored to anew tte mmon have not been ao hardly or ao harshly dealt with aa they have npreaeatod. To thla tte miners give a direct dWaL Beeolntlooa ware paeasd at the nuetlng authorising tte Ooanatttoe to toko op oonttaots for Oovemmmt or -otter works, so aa to be able to find won: for tte Union men who may be thrown oat of employ ment. The Oaurman urged oattaanpreaent to nee their voting power at the next atoatlMU. so aa to return sen to represent them 1a latUa* ment from their own elaaa.—The qaanedy conoertiathelnaatuUwaibeheW ttda ovaau inc. AUthe available local talent haa been [ called Into requisition, aad from tte pro gramme whleh haa been published a good night's entertainment may be aaUaipatotL— The Central Board of Health have notified to our Corporation ttat they cannot yield in the matter of cesspits ia oanneetlon wltt the closets. Thla iaa bitter plO, before awaOAwing which tte body omporato will take time to conatder tte aubjeet. They, however, aeem inoUaed to yield, fat after their tell talk at tta previona meeting they with to parley before surrender.—Bumor states thai a Jam* anmber of men have been dlaeharged, who have Uttarto been working on tte Wallaroo tramway and, jetty. Only eemaloaal bands wffl now beam. ployed, aa neoeaelty mar ?qutn,f« discharging ▼easels, fee. Thla will throw a «"™?'*~r man nnemployed ontheUbormarket—Mb Danaan, our junfer member, haa not endeared bbaaalZ te hla constituents at Moonte by bla course 6t action in tte House, both in reference to tte water anppty and in tte matter of hospital ao eommodaflon. If there exiata a nunesally for afaoapiteloa ttePanrniula,ttahomldeertainly be in the oentre of the population, and that U oertainlybereatMooatt. Oaring tte whole of the time tta* iheOaaualte Hcapitel haa been inexiatenoeas Port Walbnio,not one of tte aomdaataloaess that haa ooourred as the mines here baa been cent to ttat Inatit?tten, abowiag (hat U is not plaoed wfaan tt U moat needed. In the oaaea of mine aaaidanta tte aaOarer requires immediate attention, aad tta jouaer from here to WaUaroosDight, fat aameinstaaeea, be attended -witt fatal naalta. The mine authorities. In aU oaaes of enrident, caador •very voaalUe amVtenae -in ttafa? p*wer,bnt they «annet aapply tte place U. a wall* appointed haqfiS. It apeaka wa? far tha mine agents, whan tte anmber of men are eousidered, - end the quantity of powerful maohiaery ttat laat walk, ttatao few aeddaato oomr, aa tte list of «amaltiai hen an amaDer than at any otter mtae known, when the magnitude of the warkings Is taken lntooonridfratioii.-Sine?ttewethaaaetino?T mail haa been considerably behind time, aad from tte report of persons travelling oa the road, the only wonder ia how it geti here at aD. —Oar FootbaU Olnb etilloootauas to "win in" on all possible ooosskms. This afternoon sides wen formed, aad they had a beany set to, and continued the apart till aear aondown. The nasal dlvanity of mbAaaa, as a matter of coarse, ooumied—onlHsions, oapdcea, 4c—but ail bane wltt the atmost good humor. An imaaatenal rent in tte netter garments fa visible, and on tte ess-' oeeding day* after a game numbers of players have a limp whleh ia not the Alexandra, aad a erutoh la at least one iastaaoa haa bad to do duty; but tta aport seems to be enjoy, able, aad 4a eagerly fallowed by ovea thaw* who have been avbjeeted to mlshapa. Cricket also haa its admirers, aad oa Wednesday and Saturday afternoons la eagerly patromaad, but not in antinipathwi of meeting another AH gn.-l.jnl Beven.—There hat not aa yet bean adMdend deeUred by tte Beglstered Asso ciation, and apeealators who embarked hoavDy in the venture wiU ahan tte fate of hundreds of othera hen who tried thatr luak la qufte aa risky apeeuUtiona, SADDCBWORTH, July 16. We have had a week'a almost oontinuous rain, whleh has now given place to a little ran. ahine.—OnBundaylast mianonaryaer?ionawere preached in the Primitive Methodist Chapel; in the morning by Bey. 8. Weffington, after noon and evening by Bey. S. Gray, of Keoringa, t^ Wrmu -mi|l?T?iif —ftti Wmiln«mitmj evaning a puWic- meetlng waa held, at which tta attend anoe waa smalL The report read waa vary on eenraging, and ttaaddraaiaa deTlvared by Bava. WellmKtoa, Barber, aad Gray, wen eKodtaat The moating was presided war by Mr. W. H. Barrx. Mm. Bogera paadded as the bar ■aonlum in her usual good style. Tmmmls. aboat £9.—The Institute Hall Is taken by oar Baad of Hope to hoblits t?oattly uaetings in. WATERLOO, July 15. Weather satisfactory for all hands except teamsters and travellers, who are continually complaining of bad roads.—The wheat is looking healthy, especially the early sown.—l am sorry to say more of our neighbors are about leaving the colony for Victoria ; cheap land is the in- ducement for them to go. It is a pity the South Australian Government cannot, or rather will not, supply her own population with suffi- cient land at a moderate price. If population is what is wanted, why not get it and then keep it? l say advance South Australia.- An alarm- ingly sudden death occurred last week. A Mr. Boehm retired to bed as usual, and in the morning his relations, intending to supply him with some necessary comforts, on entering his room found the vital spark had fled. An inquest was held before Mr. S. Dawson, J.P., and the Jury came to the decision that death resulted from apoplexy.—The Rev. S. Gray and J. Barber preached missionary sermons in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Pancharpoo, on Sunday last; and on Tuesday evening a missionary meeting was held, addressed by Messrs. S. Wellington, J. Barber, and S. Gray. On account of the inclemency of the weather the attendance was rather small. The money procured by collections and cards was in advance of last year. ▲ BHI ft* the ragnlatlcra of tax-ooQratain belngghafore the Lagiihitnr* of qua of tl* Weatere tbfai -of Amerba, an ulu*M*Eb member" mt and MtU the apeetfen '*<•. ttanttr by Baying—" Hfc fteeeUr.Mo vi heaxy focSit tbm am. nwrfa^jjoflwfei isr?a •wt «f kavrat; Ik?? to om myktf/3rto& TMia," The 80l pwasd without farther de> b?te, thii tertlmonr in iti faror being dewnwi vmauiaiT*, 