fSbe ftatliameni LEGISLATIVE C JUNOIL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15. THE PRESIDENT took the chair at 2 o'clock. PKTrTIONs. The Hon. W. DUFF1EI.O presented a petition from the Mayor, as Chairman of a public meeting held at Gawler, praying that the Bouse would delay passing a B U for a Murray Railway, so that the enlarged constituencies might have aa opportunity of expressing aa opinion upon the sntriect. The Hon. P. 8 AN TO presented a similar petition from the Mayor of Kapunria. The Hon; R. A. TAKLTON presented a petition iron, fiveoffioers of the Grand IxxSge of South Australian Templars, praying that the Council would prohibit the importation, manufacture, or rale of intoxicating liquors. The petitions were received and read. „ , T APPROPRIATION BILL. Scad a third tune and paoood. CITY OP ADELAIDE IMPROVEMENT RTT.T,. Second reading. The Hon. B. A. TARLTON, in moving th? •eeond reading, having explained the object of th i Bill, stated the Mayor assured him there was no •bought in the minds of the Corporation of allowing tbe railway to be brought through the wruare, and if that assurance was not suffiwent there was clause No. 8 m the Bill, which piovided that the railway should not be extended without the consent of the citizens, which "he personally should be rejoiced to see ffoen, as he believed it would promote their own convenience and benefit the community. In the 10th clause provision was made that the Govern- Bent might purchase one-half of the block reclaimed «o payment of one moiety of the cost of the land aiKiimprovements. That he considered was a very libera! concession. He understood there were several gentlemen in the Council whose opinions be very much respected who were opposed to this BilL (Hear, hear.) All he asked was that before ftbey ultimately made up their minds' they would give considerate attention to any remarks that were made on the other side. He would eppoee any alteration which would mar the beauty of the city, of which we were justly proud, but it was because he conscientiously believed that this alteration would promote the convenience of the citizens and greatly beautify the city that he took charge of the BiH He referred to Finsbury and Euston squares, London, the former of which was on one side of the street and the latter intersected by it. There were other streets in London where the same thing might be seen, and he felt assured that instead of a disfigurement it would be a great improvement to the city that such a scheme should be carried out. There were a number of buildings at present being erected abutting on the square that were such a disfigurement that no one would drive a stranger pait them except in the dark. He should like to see the Houses of Parliament there instead of •tuck down in the hole they were. Even in the Sandwich Islands they had a site for Parliament Houses which would disgrace our own, and if the inhabitants of Honolulu were to come here, especially the King, he would be prompt to remark. facilis descensus Averni. (Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary had observed that already the Government were crowded in the offices; and it should be remembered that the colony was but in its beginning; and we ought to make provision for the future. What had recently occurred in England shoved the necessity of providing means for having the offices of Government concentrated, acd an opportunity was afforded the Government by this Bill of obtaining Parliament Houses and Government offices in a rite worthy of the colony. They, with the buildings that would be erected on the other half of the block under the direction of the Corporation, would enable King William-street to be made equal to Pnnces-etreet, Edinburgh, the Boulevards, and some of the fineBtstreets in the cities of America. All that would be wanted to break the monotony was then to have it suitably planted with trees. With tbe exception of the central street from east to west, there was not a street in Adelaide that would bear comparison in that respect to those of Portland, in Oregon, much inferior to Adelaide in sise, but whose streets were beautifully planted with handsome tree?, which afforded welcome shelter in the daytime, and at night were illuminated by a coruscation of lamps. (Cheers and laughter.) He had great pleasure in moving the second reading. The Hon. A. HAT had listened carefully to hear what could have induced the Town Clerk or Mayor to make such a proposition as this, which he considered would not improve but spoil the appearance of the city. If the Equate was done away with people would look along a line of dusty street to some very ugly railway sheds at the end, which the Corporation ought never to have permitted to be erected. The more he looked at the scheme the more was he surprised that there should have been found one member of the Council to support it. He had looked at tbe Hon. Mr. Tarlton as a man of taste—(Mr. Tarlton—"Hear, hear," laughter)— acd was sorry to be so deceived. He did think the hon. member would at least have given them some better example than that of Finsbury and Euston squares. (Hear, hear.) He had alluded to Princes-street, but he omitted to mention that that terminated in the Calton MIL (Hear, hear.) He would take another picture. Let them go to Ludgate Hill and Fleet-street, and was it not a finer sight to look east from Fleet- street at St. Paul's thanto look upon a .wide street right ont Victoria-square as nowplaced was as fine a sight, if it were properly laid out—not by putting a cathedral there, but by planting ana making fountains, when it would be one of the most ornamental places in the world. It might be said that if this alteration were carried out, they might put a fountain in the middle of the street. But they had once placed one at the junction of King William and Carrie streets, and it had to be removed because the crammed road was not considered an ornament. He had looked at Bradshaw's plan of every town in Europe to see whether they contained any long straight streets running out without leading to another street, or to some object that beautified the view. But \- lie defied the non. member to point to any Continental city where they did not try to have squares • or similar ornaments] breaks in the streets. The hon. gentleman had alluded to an American city that was planted with trees. He was glad to hear that they had got that measure of ornamentation, but it would have been better to have squares if the streets were wide and long. It was also said \- that if the Corporation were allowed to purchase 'this land they would allow the Government to take half at cost price as a Bite for Parliament House. But would it be any advantage to bring i tbe front of Parliament House on a line with the • east side of King William-street? The Bang of the Sandwich Islands would ask, " Could you not find a better site than the side of a street for your legisilative buildings? could you not findan open space -on which to place themf 9 What advantage was offered by building in such a position, instead of letting the Parliament House have . a i frontage to the present Victoria-square? The alteration would concentrate the traffic along the one street, while if they left the square as it was at present only one-half of the traffic would pass the new Parliament House. Then, if they • altered-Victoria-square in this way, why not do the same for the others! People had an equal right to ask for Business convenience that they should be .allowed to go through ffindmarsh, Light, Hurtle, and Whitmore squares. He understood also that there was something of the kind talked of regarding the equate at North Adelaide. But would that be beautifying the city! It was the breaking of the .long streets with Equates and laying them out roperly that really beautified the places. In f(aples the people would aay you were mad if you : talked of removing the gardens at the end of the main street, where the people sat amid beautiful trees and playing fountains. It was a disgrace to the Council, to the Mayot;4he Town Clerk, and whoever was responsible for it that Vktoriasquare was disfigured with roads and broken fences — it ought not to be allowed to remain so. If the Hon. lb. Tarlton were a apintualist and could eaU up the spirit of -Colonel Light—if fee who Iatd^out the city could put on a ghastly aspect and frown down the hen. member and this scheme, he would do iU (Hear, hear.) The proposed alteration was not an improvement, but a destruction of property. He 'op™ J* the Bill were-aot carried that it would be 'n^jjmto {or , e «er. and that the Council would turn to to plant And ornament the present i2!!S c -«. ;He * wo .P ld Bot jaind PayiE* a rate to •enable them to *do so. He now moved that the Bui be read a second time that day -six months, Jina trusted his amendment would tbe carried. The only:psitiefi the Bill would benefit were those "wnose land would hare to be bought, andco doubt *ney would be able to put on* heavy raluefor their property. He noticed that the seventh clause had oeenjvery wisely drawn to allow the Council to Donow enough money to cany out the scheme without sayingjhow much—it might be £14000, jESWOfc or .£60,009. But somesum ought to have been stated, tor the Council hid oo light to ask authority to borrow aa unlimited stDoaiit He saw that buildings were being ran op there now, and the thought evidently was the best pba was to get them bought by the Corporation. The hon. member said that the Government wanted more room; but he did not think so. and held that the acre where the Government buiMings were to be erected was a fine and ample site. If they altered the square what would they do! At present the south front of the Post- Oftce * and the Treasury Buildings AFUUULU|D looked on the aquase, but then the Treasury would look on 4ead wall or on buildings. ii If tbe vne ajteratifTn "wprp madeg£wChurchought^o£wm^ed forit »culd bkk-k ont the view of thTsqiare torn that edifi&e.; He considered that if any | opght to w w this scheme it I the Government in order to protect Government property. Then iheSih clause prohibited an¥"ra (« way train drawn or driven by a locomotive" MLpasaj along King Wttlism-street north of Angas and Gouger sheets, unless on the. oooeent of the citiaenB obtained by polL He understood that the power of tfceGleneig Railway Company to carry their line through the square ceased at the end of this month. (Mr. Santo " Beyond their present te-minus, not through the square. VT He considered it was undesirable that tire question of whether an alteration of tiiiesort should be male should he left to be decided at a time when an agitation might be. got up about it. This clause provided not that people with property who were the most interested should have powerto prevent it, but stipulated that every, man should be confincl to one vote. He hopart his Conservative friend tlie Commissioner of Crown Lands would not support that At the least the votes should ~beupon a scale'according' to the rates each citizen paid. The Bill was not to carry out an improvement, but to destroy property. There was no precedent for such a thing in- any Continental city, or' even in Paris, where they did not seek to nave long streets,looking out npon an ugly railway station. He was confident the Hon. Mr. Tarlton could not have reflected npon the matter, for if he had he would never have moved tbesecond reading of the BilL (Hear, bear) . The Hon. P. BAN TO hoped the Council twould not.be scared by the Hon. Mr. Hay's talk of ghosts. He did not think they had anything to rear on that score. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) He knew that tales of ghosts' were sometimes Med by women to frighten children, but that was uie firsttime it had been tried in Parliament. , The Bui had been before Parliament,some time, aqd the citizens had had every opportunity of opposing it if they felt their interests would be interfered with by its passing. He believed that the improvement it suggested ought to receive the sanction of Parliament, and therefore should support it. King William-street was now too short to be either a handsome or importaut street. (Hear, near-) Its beauty and convenience would be increased by canving it through the square. As to the line of railway coming through King William-street. the Glenelg Railway Company ttai: no power to bring their line through the square without firstobtaining a Bill authorizing it The Act they were now working under only authorised their going outside the square. Therefore that uestion was quite safe. His own opinion was th it aits ought not to be allowed to come through the square. The Bill appeared to be approved by the citizens. (Hon, members— "No.'') It had been supported in another place by the representatives of the city, and when he found that ne thought it was a fair inference thBt it was in accordance with the wishes of the citizens. (Hear, hear.) He was satisfied that if thus work was not done now it would have to be earned out in a few years, as business was increasing m that part of King William-street. But it could be done now at much less cost than ten or twenty years hence. The argument that all the other squares would have to be altered would not hold good. Placing this square where it was was a mistake in the original plan, but the others were ornaments to the city. There ought to be a; main street right through the city for the principal traffic, and if this were done there would be. Possibly some alteratiou might be made in thoBilIto meet the objections of the Hon. Mr. Hay. Where it was susceptible of improvement let it be improved, but it would be a mistake to throw it out; after it had passed another place with the supportof all the city members. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. FISHER seconded the amendment and felt that he was competent to speak upon the ueBtion. as he had lived for 36 years in or near lie city, and as a boy had played in every acre it S emtamed. H e was indignant at a proposal of this kind, especially when it was introduced under the title of an "improvement." Everybody who was interested in the subject would feel disgraced if this beautiful city was so completely spoilt as it would be by making it lop-eared. He had listened to the eloquent speech of the hon. mover, but the hon. gentleman was always eloquent when he said nothing, and this time he had sail nothing. (Laughter.) The hon. member had talked of Finsbury and Enston squares; but ask the people there whether they would prefer those miserable neighbourhoods to our city, and nine hundred and ninety-Dine thousand out of every million would laugh at you. The hon. gentleman had alluded to the remarks of strangers, but he had never heard one express anything but praise of the extreme beauty with which the city was laid out (Hear, hear.) If they made the alteration, and a stranger came here on a hot-wind day, he would be able to see nothing in King Williamstreet for dust, and would think that the sooner he got out of such a place the. better. They all knew what the dust of early days was, and it was the planting of the square which had brought about such an improvement Beference had been made to the ugly buildings put up round the square; but they all knew that Adelaide was resigned with regard to the future* and these places would in time be {railed down and replaced by others of a different style. (Hear, hear.) He bad been in London and Paris, and had seen nothing yet to eqtlal the CSty of Adelaide in situation and design. He did not think there was a city in the world to beat it, and not many to equal it, and to spoil it by pitchforking this square to one side would be a disgrace. He trusted the majority would ignominiouBly throw the Bill out The Hon. T. ELDER, having regard to the future requirements of the city, had made up his mind to support the Bill, as he thought the continuation of tbe street in one Unbroken line would be a great improvement Victoria-square he ,had been led to regard as standing in the .way of improvement The Hon. Mr. Hay in referring to Princesstreet omitted to Btate that althoughthe Calton Hill was at one end of it the street was a mile long without a break; The illustration was therefore unfavourable. A more appropriate one would be Temple Bar, which was a block to the principal thoroughfare of London, and would, no doubt, sooner or later, be removed. The scheme had been approved in another place and by the City Council, and he could not see what motive they could have but the general good. Those gentlemen who took the opposite view were, aa far aa he had been able to discover, large holders of property in the city, and perhupB anticipated a considerable addition to tbe rates through the earning out of thiB scheme. He should like very much to see the Houses of Parliament at Victoria-square — (Hear hear)—as he agreed with the Hon. Mr. Tarlton their present site was entirely unsuitable, (Hear, hear.) 'As the opinion of strangers had been spoken of he would say that he had heard the opinion of i a good many, and every one wound up by expressing .regret that King William- street did not run straight through from end to end, as jt would then be the finest city in Australia. (Hear, hear.) He should have no hesitation in supporting the BilL The Hon. W 8ANUOVEE said the supporter* of the Bill took it for granted that this was a Bill approved by tbe citizens, but it was -very difficult to ascertain their views on any question, except upon a rate. This Bill was sliding through the Legislature with all its dangers. The mistakes made by the present Council were such that there had never been a Council in the city that required more watching. One danger of the Bill was the unlimited borrowing power. There was a provision also that when the land was required the Government was to have the option of taking the test half of tbe land at one half of the cost That was not fair to the citizens, as no one could say the other half was of equal value. The Government seemed to be malung a cat's paw of the citizens. The Town Clerk estimated the cost of the scheme at £20,800. He could make some allowance, seeing that £7,003 worth of buildings had been ATANFO<1 ——--d MNITA* — " V »J.C.J » uiuiuiuH* . " iiMi wen . > . erected since; but he defied any one to say that the St, th^8c . faenle would be less than £45,000 or ±60.000- Beference had been made to motives. No doubt they were all more or less swerved by interest at times, but he did notice a number of business-men who were interested taking aa active part in supporting this scheme. He thought the interests of outsiders should be considered. If this wasauch a good thing the Government should have done it. There was some of them-who would, but he believed there was a division of opinion. To say the abolition of the square would fee an improvement in such a climate as ours be couldInot (understand. A road would be required on the eastern side of this block, which would reduce tbe quantity of land considerably. This road was made through for the benefit of some persons, but he questioned it many ?i *J bose taste , ^ the beautiful. If this were done, then Pulteney, Hnn^m. and Grenfell stoeets, and the other streets similarly placed should all intersect the squares for business purposes. King William-street was 8® iwiv-umw, ur Kveil ine Pohce-StatioD, but those were not the localities humnesB men would ordinarily choose. Supposing this scheme were realized, would a majority of parliament say it was desirable toplace Parliament Bouse in a crowded street! Merely a flock of sheep:*asang by disturbed the House of Assembly now, and it would be better if the building was p*t further away from the traffic. nt te* absorbed a Rood deal of land » b "?f rn "*'> b^t still ample left for ^"nJo Beta good site there for Parliament House. Be wt stroagly on this question. butbe hadTo SPS 1 He Ejected to the Bill passing bnt -even if it were earned he doubted whether it would come into operation There were two years in which it might be made operative and he was rare that when it came to a question nf borrowing £60,080 to carry out the scheme o' certain peisons, all that would come of it would bf that the city wouldl be involved in the expense cLT^^I 8 f ' c - r ti the MUena held of the Cor Motion* ^ P s? r H .VPRB 4TL . . . T W J ^ toKlC^X ^ * Carried. Sir H. AVERS asked whether a cony of the bonk of reference and plane*>f the Uud that required to be tfll6ii woukl be laid before hon. members by Tuesday. lbe BotuR. A. TARLTON had no doubt that be would he able to produce them. The Council adjourned at 23 minutes to 4 until 2 o'clock the following Tuesday. 