LADIES' COLUMN. Duke of Edinburgh's Marriage, ST. PETERSBUGU, January 23rd.-The marriage cere- mony of the Duke of Edinburgh and tho Princess Maria commenced to-day in tho presence of a vast as- semblage of guests in tho AVinter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired, thc prevailing costumes, xmrticularly of Russian ladies, wore velvet and diamonds. Tho men were in uniform, with the exception of .the American Diplomatist. After assembling, a procession was formed with thc Grand Equcrios, Chamberlains, and other officers of the Court. Leading them came tho Emperor and Empress, tho Prince and Princess Imperial, Prince and Princess of AValos, the Prince and Princess Imperial of Germany, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and tho bridegroom, who wore tho Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly ap- parelled in a long crimson velvet mantle, trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was horne by four pages. Then followed an im- mense procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imperial Rus- sian Prince wore thc uniform of Cuirassiers, the Princo of AAralos tho scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Princo Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All a wero decorated with the Russian Order of St. Androw. The Princess of AVales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with dia- mond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace Tho Imperial German Princess was dressed in tho samo style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of tho grooms- men. All wore silver wedding favors. Tho procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by tho Metropolitan Hoad of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, hearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy wator. Tho Emperor oonduoted tho bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, as- suming his station, with the Empress immediately be- hind. Around the bridegroom stood Princo Arthur and tho Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, horne on golden salvors, were deposited on the altar temporarily until placed oil the fingers of the bride andbiidegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innume- rable wax candles ; tho floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet ; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. Tho Greek marriage ceremony was unique in tho absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during tho service. Tho crowns were held suspended over tho heads of tho bridal pair. Prince Arthur holding the crown over tho Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said: "Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of tho Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired, of holding tho heavy crown, was relieved. Then the epistle to tho Ephesians, 5tli chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After tho reading was concluded the marriage at Cana of Gal lilco was read. Tho crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice around tho raised dais, holding the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by tho bridal pair, tho con- fessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. _ After- ward the choir sang " Glory to Thee, O "Lord 1" concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. Tho procession then slowly formed, proceeding to tho Hall of Alexander for I the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminister Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley.Jwho dining tho solemni- sation of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on tho altar wearing an Epis- copal surplico with a jewelled collar of tho Ordor of Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both tho American and tho Eng- lish embassies were gathered on tho left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jowett, thc American Minister, Lord Loftus, tho English Minister and Diplomatic officials. Many English oificers, in full costumo, wero also present. Especially notable was the vonerablo Prince GortshakofT, surrounded by lead- ing mombors of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, m long crimson drosses. "Wlion tho marriage procession entered, tho bride walked betweon her father and the bridegroom. Princo Arthur walked boland. Tho beautiful Anglican wedding sorvico waa then impressively porformod by Dean Stanloy, tho Princo and Princess responding according to tho form enjoinod in tho book of Common Prayer. Tho delivory of tho final benediction, "God tho Father, God tho Son, God tho Holy Ghost-bless, preserve, and koop you," was especially touoning. Tho sorvices being con- cluded, Dcsn Stanloy congratulated tho nowly married oouple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries woro present. Tho brido looked earnest, swoot¿ fair faced ; tho bridegroom grave and Bolf-possossod. Tho Princosa of "Wales wus lovoly, palo, and dolicato. The Gorman Crown Princess looked healthy-tho imago of li or mother Quoon Victoria. Tho Princo of Wains was apparently onoxcollont torms with tho Gorman Prince, English chapel, tho EmproBs of Russia beinga confirmed invalid and fatigued, soomod ovorcomo and mado a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes whoa tho married couple saluted her. Thc ceremony hoing con- cluded, tho crowd disjiorsed. Thoro was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of tho public sitiaros took placo, and tho gonoral scono was ono of splendid festivity. Tho sorvico formod an extraordinary combination or coromony, wealth, pomp, and Hplondour. Aftor tho marriage rites, thoro was a banquet at tho Palaco and subsequently a ball at tho gorgoouB hall. At tho dose of tho ball tho bridal oouplo woro formally marched to tho bridal ohambor, accompanied by tho Emporor ami oilicors of thc Court, Tho festivities wero continued aftor tho retirement of tho happy couple, tho Emperor being piosont. .U111I3 tYiUJl ÜllUVUlilltLIl x llllUU, During tho coromony in tho An uniinnginiitivo individual on visiting tho Fall« of Niagara wa» groutly perplexed at tho astonishment oxprosHod hy ian oompanions, and on ono of thom ex- claiming to him, "Islt not a most wondorful fall?" ropliod, " Wonderful 1 no ; I seo nothing woiidorful in it. Why, what's to binder thu water from faning ?" 