LITERATURE. AN EPISODE OF PIDDDETOWN. BY BRET HABTE. Chapter II.— ContiritiedJ From her high casement window Mrs. Trethe- riok watched Ah Fe's figure until it disappeared in the grey oloud. In her present loneliness she felt a keen sense of gratitude toward1 him, and mgy have ascribed to the higher emotions and the consciousness of a good deed that' certain ex- pansiveness of the chest and swelling of the bosom that was really due to the hidden presence of the eoarf and tablecloth under his blouse. For Mrs.; Tretheriok was still poetically sensitive. As the grey fog deepened into night Bhe drew Carrie closer toward her,, and above the prattle of the dhild pursued a vein of sentimental and egotistio recolleotion at once bitter and dangerous. Ane sudden apparition of Ah F e linked her again with her past life at Fiddletown. Over the dreary interval between Bhe was now wandering — a journey so piteous, wilful, thorny, and useless, thatitwas no wonder that at last Carrie stopped suddenly in the midst of her voloble confidences to throw her small arms around the woman's neck and bid ber sot to cry. Heaven forefend that I should use a pen that should be ever dedicated to an exposition of un alterable moral principle to transcribe Mrs. Tre- therick's own theory of this interval and episode, with jts feeble palliations, its illogical deductions, ts fond excuses and weak apologies. It would simi hoWever, that her experience had been hard. Her slender 'stock of money was soon exhausted. At Sacramento she found that the composition f verse, although .appealing, to the 'highest emo- ions of the hhman heart, and compelling the editoualhreaetto the noblest commendation m the editorial pages, was singularly inadequate to defray the expenses of herself and Carrie. Then she tried the stage, but failed signally. PoSsibly her conception of the passions was wFm owi Jhama _L t_ I ci uiuoiDu. iturn bunii wuicn ooiauiea wilq a Sacra mento audience, but it wsa certain that her cnarming presence, so effective at short range, wasnpfc sufficiently pronounced for the footlights. She iiad admirers enough in tbe green-room, but awakened ho abiding affection among the audience. InthiS strait it occurred to her that ehe had a voice— a contralto of no very great compass or cultivation, but singularly sweet and touching, and she finallyobfcained position in a ohurch choir, fibe held it for three months, greatly to her peouniary ad vantage, and, it. is eaid, much to the satisfaction pf the gentlemen in the back pews who farad boward her during the singing of the last hymn. I remember her quite distinctly at this time. The.lightihat slanted through the oriel' of St. Dives, choir w as wont to fall very tenderly on her beautiful head with its stacked masses of deerskin- coloured hair, on the low, black arches of her brows, and" to deepen the pretty £ fringes that hades her eybs of Genoa velvet. ' Very pleasant it was to watoh the opening and shutting of that small straight -mouth, with . its quick revelation of little white teeth, and to see the foolish blood faintly deepen her satin cheek as you watched. For Mrs. Tretheriok was very sweetly conscious of admiration, and, like most pretty women, gathered herself under you eye like a raoer nnder the spur. And then of course there oame trouble. I have it from the soprano— a little lady who possessed ®®B m?o the usual unprejudiced juogment of her sex— that .Mrs. Tretherick's conduct was simply shameful s that her conduot. was unbear able j that if she considered Xhe rest ot the choir as slaves, ehe, the soprano, would like to know it that her conduct on EaBter Sunday with the basso had attracted the attention of te whole - congre gation, and that she herself had noticed Doctor Oops twioe look up during the service. That her the soprano's friends bad objected to her singing in the ohsir with a person who had been on the stage, but she had waiv. d Ibis. Yet she had it fuAnt tVia kaat ontkAsitw lliot M'aa ..l.L 4_ . _i aawaaa wuv vvuu auvuvtiv; uio, AiCLUCIlUft UMU run away from her husband, and that this red haired child which sometimes came in the choir was not her own. The tenor confided to me, behind the organ, that Mrs. Tretherick had a way of Sustaining a note at tbe end of a line in order that ber voice might linger longer with the con gregation — an act that could be attributed only to a defective moral nature. That se a man — he WM a very popular iry goods clerk on week days, anu sang & gjod ueal from apparently behind hie eyebrows on toe Sabbath — that as a man, sir, he would put up with it ao longer. The basso alone— a short German with a heavy voice, for which he seemed reluctantly responsible, and rather grieved at its possession — f&ood; up. for Mrs. Tretherick and averriatW jealous of her because she wasfr bretiBiel; climax was at last reached in an open qiiSrreJ, wjem Trggherick usaher tongue with. 8Upitiph Bt®»nt anff|«pHhet that the sOjmrao burst mtJhySperical tears, jana had to he supported f0n the choir by her, ; husband and thslwjnor.j This dot was marked intentionally to titovfofigtog&ion; by tbOvOmHisipi of ths iiBual soprfipoeolo, y Mw.Tretheriok went nome flushed with triumph', but on teaching her room frantically told Carrie that they were beggars hanoeforward j that she — her mother — had just taken the very bread out of her darling's mouth, and ended by bursting into a flood of penitent tears. They did noMqujeo qnicklyis in hpr old. hoie.ticI date, but enltbj came tbey stung. deeply. She wa£- roused by a formal visit from a vestryman — one f theJttusio Committ-ee. Mrs. Trethericir ffrial her lbnglaehes, put on a new necjk ribbon, and vfent down to the parlour. She stayed there two hours— a fact that might ..have, occasioned some remark but that the vestryman was married and had a fomily of grown-up daughters. y Wlieil' Mrs Tretheriok returned" to her room, she Sarig to -her self. in the gl&jss.and; scolded- Carrie. But she retained herplace in the choir. . It was not long, however. It due oouVse . of time her enemies received a powerful adaition to their forces in the committeeman's wife. ' Thar lady oalied upon several of the church members and on Dr. Cope's family. The result was that at a later meeting of the Music Committee Mrs. Tretherick's voice was declared inadequate to the size of the building, and she was invited to resign. She did so. She had been out of a situation for two months, and her soant means were almost exhausted when Ah Fe's unexpected treasure was tossed into her lap. The grey fog deepened into night, and the street lamps started into shivering life. as, absorbed in these unprofitable memories, Mrs. Tretherick still sat drearily at her window. Even Carrie had slipped away unnoticed, and her abrunt entrance with the damp evening paper in her hand roused Mrs. Tretherick and brought her back to an active realisation of the present. For Mrs. Tre therick was woHt to scan the advertisements in the faint hope of finding some avenue of employment —she knew not what — open to her needs, and Carrie had noted this habit. Mrs. Tretherick mechanically closed the shut ters, lit the lights, and opened the paper. Her eye fell instinctively on the following paragraph in t "e telegraphic oolumn : ' Fiddletown, 7th. Mr. James Tretheriok, an old resident of this place, died list night of de lirium tremens. Mr. Tretherick was addicted to intemperate habits, said to have been induced by domestic trouble.' Mrs. Tretherick did not start. She quietly turned over another, page of the paper and glanced at Carrie. The child was absorbed in a book. Mrs. Tretherick uttered no word, but during the remainder of the evening was unusually silent and cold. When Carrie was undressed and in bed, suuucuij' tTVppou UU UtJF &H6Sb; beside the bed, and takiog Carrie's flaming head between her hands, said,— ' Should you like to have another papa, Carrie darling?' ' No,' saii Carrie after a moment's thonght. ' Bat a papa to help mamma to take care of you, to love you, to give yon nice clothes, to make a lady of you when you grow up ?' _ Carrie turned her sleepy eyes toward the ques tioner. ' Should you, mamma ?' Mrs. Tretherick suddenly flushed to the roots of her hair. ' Go to sleep, she said sharply, and turned away. But at midnight the child felt two white nrms close tightly around her, - and was drawn into a bosom that heaved, fluttered, and at last was broken up by soba. " Don't ky, mamma,' whispered Carrie, with -a vague retrospect of their recent conversation. ' Don't ky. I fink I should like. a new. papa if he loved you very much — very, very much !' A month afterward, to. everybody's astonish ment, Mrs. Tretherick was married. The happy i bride'ffrnam was man nnlniaAl m WWHW«V1V|' A VWUwlJp elected to represent Calaveras County in the legis- ' lative councils of-the State. As I cannot record the event in finer language than that used . by _ the correspondent of the ' Sacra mento Globe,' I venture to quote some of his graceful periods. The relentless shafts of the sly god have been lately busy among our gallant Solons. We quote ' one more unfortunate." The latest victim is the Hon. A. Starbottle, of Cala- veras. The fair enchantress in the case' is a beautiful widow— a former votary of Thespis, and lately a fascinating St. Cecilia of one of the most fashionable churches of San Franoisco, where she oommanded a high salary .' The ' Dutch Flat Intelligencer' saw fit, how ever, to comment upon this fact with that humorous freedom characteristic of an unfettered Press. 'The new democratic war horse from Oaleveras has lately advented in the Legislature with a little bill to change the name of Tretherick to Starbottle.- They call it a marriage certificate down there. Mr. Tretherick has been dead just one month, bat We presume the gallant Colonel is aot afraid of ghosts.' It is but just to Mrs. Tretherick to state that the Colonel's victory was by ao means an easy one.- To a natural degree of coyness on the part of the lady was added the impedimect of a rival— a prosperous undertaker from Sacramento, who had first seen and loved Mrs. Tretherick at the theatre and ohnroh, his professional habits debarring him from ordinary social intercourse, sod indeed any other than the most formal pnbtio contact with the sex. As thif gentleman had made a snug fortune during the felicitous prevaleioe of a severe epidethio, the Colonel regarded him as a ctangerous rival. For tunately, however, tbe undertaker was oalied in professionally to lay out a brother senator who bad unhappily fallen by the Colonel a pistol in an affair of honour, and either deterred by physical considerations from rivalry, or wisely concluding that the Colonel was professionally valuable, he withdrew from the field. The honeymoon was brief, and brought to a ciese by «n untoward incident! During their bridal trip O&rrie; had been placed in the charge of Colonel Starbottle'e sister. On their return tor mediately on reaching their lodgings, Mrs. Starbottle announced her intention of at once proceeding to Mre. Culpepper's to bring the child Starbottle, who had been «lnb.t.Dg for ,ome time a certain un- , easmeea trbicu he bad .endeavoured to overcome ZZT stlula"ou' floalll buttoned Iiie coat I tigbtl, aoroM lua Oreaat, and after walking un- steadily once or twice up and down the room, suddenly faced hia wifc with his most imposing manner. ' I have deferred,' said the Colonel, with an AxagOration of port that increased with his in- aad a growing thickness of speech, 1 1 . hsyejcleferr — I may aay poBhponed statement of fack thash my duty ter dishclose terye. idid aot wish to mar sunshine mushal happ'ness— to bligh bndo' promise, to darken conjuglar sky bv unpleaBht revalaefaun. Musht be done — by Ch — d, m'm, musht do it bow. The chile is gone !' ' Gone,' echoed Mrs. Starbottle. There was something in the tone of her veioe — in the. sudden drawing together of the pupils of her" eyes, that for a moment nearly sobered the Colonel and partly collapsed his chest. 'I'll splain all in a minit,' he said, with a deprecating wave of the hand, everything ehaij b8 splained Te the-the-melancholy event wish preshipitate pur, happine381--t be inyster'us -prov'nee wislireleasB you — releaeh chile! huner- stan ? releash chile. The mom't Tretheriok die— alLclaim you have ih chile through him — die too. , Ibesh law. Whose chile b'long to ? : Tretheriok ? Tretherick dead. Chile can't' b'long dead man. Dam nonshenee b'long dead- man. I'sh your chile no ! who's ckile then ? "Chile b'long to 'ts mother. Unneratau ? ' Where is she?' repeated Mrs. Starbottle, with a very white fpee -and a very low voice. ' Ifll splain all. Chile b'long to 'ts mother. . Thashlaw. Fm lawyer, leshlator, and Ammerican sis'n. Ith my duty as.lawyer, as leshlator, and 'merikin sis'n to reshtore chile " to suffering mother at any cose — any cobs.' ' Where is she?' repeated Mrs- Starbottle, with her eyes still fixed on the Colonel's face. ' Gone to 'ts m'u'r. Gone East on shteamer yesterday. Waffed by fav'rih gales to suff'rin p'rent. Thash so !' Mrs. Starbottle did not move. The Colonel felt his chest slowly collapsing, but steadied himself against a chair, and endeavoured to beam with chivalrous gallantry not unmixed with magisterial firmness upon her as she sat. 'Your feelin'p, m'm, do honour to your sex, but conahider situashun. Conshider rn'ors feel ings — conshider my feelin's.' The Colonel paused, and flourishing a white pooket handkerchief placed it negligently in his breast, and then smiled tenderly above it, as over laces and ruffles, on the woman before him. ' Why should dark shedder cass bligh on two eholes with single beat ? Chile's fine chile, good chile, but sommoiaelse chile ! Chile's gone, Clar ; but all isn't gone, Olar'. Conshider dearesht, you all's have mo !' Mrs. Starbottle started to her feet. You !' she cried, bringing out a chest note that made the chandeliers ring, ' Yon that I married to give my darling food and clothes. You ! a dog that I whistled to my side to keep the men off me ! You !' She choked up, and then dashed past him into the inner room which had been Carrie's ; then ehe swept by him again into her own bedroom, and then suddenly reappeared before him erect, menacing, with a burning fire over her cheek bones, a quick straightening of her arched browB and mouth, a squaring of jaw and ophidian flattening of the head. ' Listen !' she said, in a hoarse, half grown Kas's vnina ' Tan. ma I Tf TTA11 .... ..na/tt » i v1ww. —v.. u.v . utc. v a(jcuil o'j set eyes on me again you must find the child. It you ever expect to speak to me again— to touch me — you must bring her back. For where she goes, I go— you hear me! — where she has gonS look for me!' She struck put past him again, with a quick feminine throwing out of her arms from the elbows down, as .if freeing herself from, some imaginary bonds, and dashing into her chamber, slammed and locked the door. Colonel Starbottle, although no coward, Btood m superstitious fear of an angry woman, and recoiling as she s<?ept by, lost his unsteady foothold and rolled helplessly on the sofa. Here, after one . or , two unsuccessful attempts to regain his foothold, he remained, uttering from time to time profane but not entirely coherent or intelligible protests, until at last he succumbed to the exhausting quality ot his emotions, and the narcotic quantity of M his potations. , . > . . Meantime, within, Mrs. Starbottle was excitedly gathering ber valuables and packing her trunks; even Ab she had done once before in the cpufse of ' this remarkable historv. - Perh&na; «nmn WnnHan. lion of this was in her mind, for she stopped to lean her burning cheeks upon her hand, as if she saw again the figure of the child standing in the doorway, and heard once more a childish voice asking 'Is it mamma?' But the epithet new stung her to the quick, and with a quick, passion ate gesture she dashed it away with a tear that had gathered inker eye. And then it chanced that in turning over some clothes she came upon the child's slipper with a broken sandal string. She uttered a great cry here— the first she had uttered — and caught it to her breast, kissing it . passionately again and again, and rocking from side ' to Bide with a motion peculiar to her sex. And then she took it to the window, the better to -see it through her now streaming eyes. Here she was taken with a sadden fit of coughing that she could not stifle with the handkerchief she put to her feverish lips. And then she suddenly grew very faint, the window seemed to recede before her, the floor to sink beneath her feet, aud stag gering, to the bed, she fell prone upon it with the sandal and handkerchief pressed to her breast; Her fade was quite pale, the orbit of her eyes dark, and there was a spot upon her lip, another on her handkerchief, and still another on the White counterpane of the bed. ! The wind had risen, rattling the window sashes, and swaying the white curtains in a ghostly way. Later, a grey fog Btole Boftly over the roofs, sooth ing the wind-roughened surfaoes, and enwrapping ail things, in. an uncertain light and a measureless peace. She lay there very quiet — for all her troubles, still a very pretty bride. And on the other side of the bolted door the gallant bride groom, from his temporary oouoh, snored peace- fully. IIL A week before Christmas Day, 1870, ths little town of Genoa, in the State of New York, ex hibited oerhaps more strongly than at any other time, the bitter irony of its founders and sponsors. A driving snow-storm that had whitfm«rl ava /windward hedge, bush, wall, and telegraph pole, played around this soft Italian capital, whirled in and out of the great staring wooden Doric columns of its post-office end hotel, : beat upon the cold green" akptters of itsTtU houses, and powdered the angular, stiff, dark figures in its streets From the ievei oi the street tbe four principal churches of the Utna stood out starkly, even while tbeir uusebaen j spires were kmdly hidden in the low driving' storm. Near the railroad station the new Metho- disfc chapel, whose resemblance to an enormous locomotive was further heightened by the addition of a pyramidal row of frent steps, like a cow catcher, stood as if waiting for a few more houses tdie hitched on to wooeed to a pleasanter lo- c &$Wpdi Bat _ the pridh of Genoa — the great Owner Institute cfxpung Ladies — stretched itsnSSe briok length and reared/tls, cupola plainly frP1® hi,3Sjii siP1! pa1|fepue. was no eyasHB inthe Oram-- merlmtitute ofthe fact that it was publio in- Btitilgbti. A visjadr Upon its doorstoj|, a pretty faot its window, were learly visfiUe iall over thpwnship. - \yvV . THe shriek of the engine of the o'clock Nor thern express brought but few of the usual loungers to the depot. Only a single passenger alighted, and was driven away in the solitary waiting sleigh toward the Genoa hotel. And ihenr-the Train sped away again— with passionless indifference to hmnaa sympathies or fturiosity pe- ou iar to express trains — the one baggage truck wasjheelod into the station again, the etation doer Was looked and the station master went home); The locomotive whistle, however, awakened the guiRy <5on?oioaBnesB of three young ladies of the Crammer Institute who were even then surrep titiously regaling themselves in the bakeshop and confectionery ealopn of Mistress Fhillips in a by- lar.o. For even" the admirable regulations of the Institute failed to' entirely develop the physical > and moral natures of its pupils they conformed to the excellent dietary rules in public, and in private drew! upon the luxurious rations of their i village caterer j they attended church with exem- : plary formality and flirted informally during service with the village beaux ; they deceived the ! best and most judioious instruction during school hours, and devoured' the traahiest novels during recess. .The result pf. which was an aggregation of quite healthy, quite human, and very charming ; young creatoiresrthat rejected infinite credit on tSstitute.: Even Mietress Phillips, to whbm they owedvast sums, exhilaratedby theexuberanfc spirittf and y outhf al freshness of her guests/ de- claVed that the sight of'them young things did her good, and had even been known to shield them by shameless equivocation. , 'Four o'clook. grrls. and if we're hot back to prayers by five we'll be missed,' said the tallest of these foolish virgins, with an aquiline nose and a certain quiet efcza that bespoke the leader, as, she, rose from her seat. 'Have you got the books, Addy ?" ; Addy displayed three dissipated-looking novels under her waterproof. ' And the pro- visipnB, Carrie?' Carrie showed a snspicious pafeel filling the pocket of her sack. All right then. Come girls, trudge. Charge it,' she added, nodding to her host, as they passed toward the door. ' I'll pay you when my quarter's allowance comes.' ' 'No, Hate, interposed Carrie, producing her puree, ' let me pay — it's ray turn.' 'Never,' said Hate, arching her black brews loftily— eves if you do have rich relatives and regular remittances from California. Never. Oome, girls — forward, march !' As they opened the door a gust of wind nearly took' them off their feet. Hind-hearted Mrs. Phillips was alarmed. « Sakes alive ! galls, ye muss n't go out in sich weather ; . better let me B Ark /t ttr AMM A A tla A 1 M - " J 1 1 T'1 r ' . v«o xubiiloos ana maze ye upa nice bed fcc-mght m my parlour.' But thelastsenterioe kas lost in a chorus oT half-suppressed shrieks as thh girls, hand id hand, ran down the steps into the storm, and were at once whirled away. ; ' j The short Deeember day, unlitVby any sunset glo> wa8 foiling fast ItT was quite dark already, and the air was thick with driving snow. For |ome distance their high epirit8; youth, and even inexperienee, kept them "bravely up, baton ambiti ously 'att'ehipting a short cut from the high road cross an open field their strength - gave out, the laugh grew iess frequent, and tears began to stand kniifsffmnVeyeiB. When they reached the- ead again they were utterly exhausted. ' Let ; us ( ;o back,' said Cmrrie. _ ' We'd never get across that field again/ vlaid Addy.; 'jLefe's stop at the first house, then, said Carrie. t The first house,', said Addy, peering , through t her gatherings _dkrkness; is Squire jld»son?a/ Sfcfe dlaKed a Mschievbus glance at Oarrie that" ven in her discomfort and fear brought the quick blood to her cheek. . . : A YAfl ? TTafa wrfflv IMIAAVMBT am— -V iv ,r wim gwuuijr t linly, stop at the Squire's by all means, and be i svited to tea, and be driven home after tea by1 your dear friend Mr. Harry, with a formal apology fjom Mrs. Robinson, and hopes that the young' ladies may be excused this time. No,' continued ' ate, with sudden energy , ' that may Bait you — - but I'm going back as I came— by the window— d? -not at all.' Then she pounced suddenly, like a hawk, on Carrie, who was betraying a tendency, tp sit do wn on a snow-bank and whimper, and snook her briskly. - ; ' You'll be going to sleep next. Stay— hold ypur tonguee, all of you— what's that ?' I It waB the sound of sleigh-bells. Coming down.' tp Ward them out of the darkness was a sleigh with a single ooonpanfe. ' Hold down y our heais, ; girls, if it's anybody- that knows us — we're lest. But it was not, for a voice strange to their ears, l| mthal yery kiudlv and pleasant, asked1 if its !ojwjpeir could be any help to them. As they turned tpward hiin they Baw it was a.man wrapped in a handsome sealskin cloak, wearing a sealskin cap— liagface, half Concealed by a muffler of fehC same material; diedoung only a pair of long moustaches ripd. two keen. dark wyes. ' It's a son of old Santa Cjlaus,', .whispered Addie. The girls tittered apdibly as they tumbled into (ihe sleigh— they had rned their former spirits. 'Where shl I tke ypB? said the stranger, quietly. There was a 'hurried whispering, and then Hate said boldly, Tb t he Institute. They drove silenfly up. the hill until the long ascetic building loomed up before them. The stranger reined iip suddenly. ' jSna know the way' better than JJ he said; «fhere do you go in?' 'Through the back wjindow,' said Hate, with sudden and! appalling fipiaknMl. 1 see!' responded their strange driYer quietly, and alighting quickly, removed the bells from the hones. ' We oan drive as near as , ydu please, now,' he added, by way oi explana tion, ' He certainly is a ion of Bantu Glaus,' whispered Addie $ hadn't we better askafter his ' father ?' « Hush,'.eaid Hate, decidedly. « He is . an arieeh I dare sav." she added, with a delininuR ' irrc$evanse, which was, however, perfectljr under- . etpod by her feminine auditors. We ore looking Uk#thrifefrhts!' iCohtioualy skirting the fenoes, they at last polled 1 up few lee| ' froih a dark wall. The alias ger proceeded to aeeisi them to alifht. There was still some light from the reflected snow, and as he , handed his fair companions to the ground each Was conscious of undergoing an intense though jepectful scrutiny. He assistedihCiri gravely to open the window, and then discreetly ratired to khe sleigh until the difficult and somewtoTT" «i composing ingress was made. He then walkarU Hi the window; 'Thank you and good nighS H silL Wfiyyou permilcfflll lieM ihv Ml here? itbgXE attraoi lntion if ' 8 match ou«. By the dibrinrfng H p figuremitevery chSTIS P wmdoir The match tMp slowly out Mhu Wm te®". SW8 «niiled miscMcmnsly. Theswfa.1 mm ypung womiq had deteofcedMie pitiable sriku! In ®,ie $!» «tood at Ike h«ad of w/Oyiibaa SiaMflMina tuition r The storm had passed, and the snn was shining ' quite cheerily in the eastern recitation-room tu If next morning, when Miss Hate, whose seat in, nearest the window, placing her hand pathetically upon her hari.ffe<€efl to fall jk bashful and extreme agitation upori the -shoulder of Carrie her neighbour. &o; has me xhe gaqjed lirxahrifl whisper. T . : ' Who ? asked Carrie, sympathetically, who never , clearly understood when Hate- was in \ r?' v. if" 1|| &arnest;« . j « ; , v ."T ' Who 1— why the man . who rescued ub laif night! I kowkhh yejdtov4dM,tius Don't speak— I shall be better in a moment, there !' she said, and the Shameless hypocrite passed her hand pathetically -across her forehead with a tragic air. . , L c\/r ' What can he want ?' asked Corti whoMead. - osity was exciting,- -T. . \ : - -1,' <i '-- Fahh%'pgf»,a.idd fote/sadjiihj- f intojlqpmy£%mqism, !f 'Toesibly to put his fiy, > daughters to school. Berhaps to finish his ycaas - mfeand"w4rh hnragamatFB."> : V - ' He didn't look pld, and he didn't seem Me a married man,' rejoined Addie, thoughtfully. ' That was his art, you poor preaturel' te 1 turnedfKate scorDfully ; -'fyou mm never teH any thing of the8e' " ffleu-- 4hey are so deceitful, Beside, it's justmy fate l' 1 Why, Hate,' begem Carrie in serions concern. 1 ' Husk, Miss Walker is saying something,1 said Hate laughing. , ' . : . ;J.. ' The youhgl ladibs will please give attention/ Baid a slow. Oerfunotorv voice! Mi«a n,«. Tretherick is wanted in the parlour.' - Meantime Mr.: Jack Prince, the name gives on - the card and various letters and credentials, sab t -1 mitted to the Rev.Mr. Crammer, paced the some- v: what seyere apartmeat known publicly as the Beception Parlour,' and privately to the pupfli t r| as ' Purgatory,' His keen eyes had taken in tie various rigid details, from the flat steam Badietor, like an enormous japanned Soda- cracker that heated one end of the room, to the monumenWi bust of Dr. Crammer that hqpelbsBly ohiiled the other "j ffrpm Lord's Prayer, executed by a former writing-master in such gratuitous variety tc of elegant calligraphic trifling as to considerably abate the serions value of x the composition, to three views of Genoa from the Institute, which nobody ever reobg&isedjtakeB; on the spot by tbe drawing teacher 5 from two iUaminated texts of Scripte in an English letter, so gratuitously and hideously remote aa to ebill all human inters lioaihrge photograjjhof the sehlbr class, towbidi the prettiest giris were E fc ri iopian in complexion, oum B»u \appareinay/ oir eaca eener e oeai ana riioulders : his fingers had turned listleBeiy the mavea of. sohodl eataiogiieB, the .sermons ef Dr (praffljher; tfre poems pf Henry Sark WHite, the f 'i Laysofthe Sanotdery,' and ' Lives of Celebrated Women j_V jbis rT|f, Mjd it yras anerrinifr | active one, hag.igone; ovjW the. partings am reetipgs' tiiat ' inaist hihve taken plaoe here, and wqtfdbrejfl-why tKVA)pbrthienjtiad jbfc owghtjb litfor 6f|hb flavbur;: of humanity indted, lam afraid .be had almort- forgotten -the object of hie yiBit when the fltor opened, and Carrie Tretheriri wood before hina. J 1 T-fr lip had V wight tiefor©7--prettier even than it had seemed theB— ajnd yetT think huwas conscibas df tohie disap' paintment, without knowmg exactly- why. . lur abundant waving hiair was of a gubaeagoldeptint, her complexion ofu peculiar flower-like jktiouj, ; . t|er brbwh ey es of the poloar of seaweed in deep thaft.dii' appointed bum. - . . ; ; : , t : sioai CMrie was, on her part, quite as yagueif ill ow aoaa SVim 00 wm JvaLi«ra 4mm ' <W VUCU .MUW DWVI VOIViV UVI VUiy-,W. : Ufiypy whoCfSie' dewphlff vaguely geueraliBe as 4-thac ml to say , eorreefc in all the aupmficial p' ; pbintments of style; dreBs, maMerB, and Yet there was a deoide nntonpni qnriit? mtout Turn— he jwte totally uBlikevmything or ahy body that she : could ramembeV to ttohj ajt tributes of originality are often wa afAitooUna e 4 to'Wto iwt -.4 ypu remembar me. It is eleven yeaM a| W. i ypa were a very littie.girL ,1 imifdnddlepto '?| even olsiim td have enjoyed Ithat, familisrilj fait might exist betirfi«ci':d d.i IV imdA || man twen«y-pnlldon!tihinklwasfoiriri :;.:j children. Bat I knewytmrpnother I Ifl was editor of the ' AyidsAohe' ih . Ifadlwoto 1 v|p when she took yon tdpFraiduoo.' j ' You mean my. itopmother— she wostft®y mother, yon knowVinterpbted Carrie hastily. . r j Mr. Priuoe looted at her curionsly. f4 1 ortM k yodV steFhbthehe said gravely. . ' I never a» elie hteopurV of meeting your mother.' , : . 'No, mother hasn't been in California rnto tw.i v./';. tlU : ; There was an mtentional emphasising or«® tille aad of ited wractioo; Vhat J6b to &W; Mi iatereri; Prince hfreir his rfiwfc aitoui»hisent 1H| 'past. '' 1-14-'- H : - ! ' As I come from ydUt hOf&to--; -went on with a shght htogh must ask yjW® gd back for a few moments to-ihat point. - your fother's deathi youv mothSr — I mton'"J®J '1 stepmother — recognised the fact thatyour OW' the first flfirfcJtoeriok-Wadlegtoly and miady your guardian, and although Jmuch jypdnstAs, Vtmponrand-eetibos, plaped ydu agaia v ohafge;' «' SiOcqc- :.- . > « My stepmother married egain witirin a ing1 after father died, ihd sent- bbme, Sftid with great directness, and this faintest toss of ,J| hsad.. ; : -;-5 . . r : . .. .j Mr. Prince smfled to jwtotiy and <> irm naili At.i aa.11 v thali' Carrie beeran' to likw With no other notice of Sheintemiption, hew ; on : ' After yourfopmtohi hd performed aot of simple juetice, she ordered into HftjL ment witiiyouk m<ftherfrm7'the etptosw your education uutil your Vuhteeath should thereafter be ww arilian, an® JM whomhnWidM' yo home. This, ejg' fl| metftrrthtToralrradl heiiede kdcw.at4e%ime u4, r.. ,r,; ' I wae amcre ffivHi Owtrinly,' ' Mid.ife YmHe . still, the conditions, 1 think, have never, een oppressive to you nor yonr mother, and the only time they are likely to give you the least UceBsinesa will be when you come to make up your mind in the choice of your guardian. That will be on your eighteenth birthday — the 20th, I think, of the present month.' Carrie was silent. 1 Pray do not think that I am here to receive your decision— even if it be already made. I only came to inform you that your stepmother, Mrs. St&rbottle;, will be in town to-morrow and will pass a few days at the hotel. If it is your $rish to see her before yon make up your mind shO will be glad to meet you. Bhe does not, howevetywish to do anything to influence your judgment;' Does mother know she is coming?' said Carrie, hastily. V'''' « 1 go not know/ said Prince/gravely j I only know that if you conclude tostee Mrs. Starbottle, it will be with your mother's permission. Mrs. Starbottle will keep saoredly this part of the agreement, made ten years ago. But her health is very poor, and the ehange and country quiet of a few days may benefit her/ Mr. Prince bent his keen bright eyes upon the young girl, and almost held his breath until she spoke again. Mother's ooming up to-day or to-morrow,' she laid, looking up. . < Ah !' said Mr. Prince, with a sweet and languid ri; Col. Btarbottle here, too?' asked Carrie, after a pause. Col. Starbottle is dead— your stepmother is again a widow.' Dead/ repeated Carrie. « Yos,' replied Mr. Prince, your stepmother bas been singularly unfortunate in surviving her actions' Carrie did not know what he meant, and looked so, Mr. Prince smiled reassuringly. Presently Carrie began to whimper. Mr. Prinoe softly stepped beside her ohair. « I am afraid,' he said, with a very peculiar light in his eye, and a singular dropping of the oornera of his moustache. ' I am afraid you are taking this too deeply. It will be some days before you are called upon to make a decision Let us talk of something else, t hope you oftught no cold last evening.' i Carrie's face shone out again in dimples. You must have thought us so queer ! It waB toi bad to give you so muoh trouble/ None whatever, I assure you. My sense of propriety, hi added, demurely, 1 which might have been outraged had I been oalied upon to help three young ladies out of a schoolroom window at night, was deeply gratified at being able to assist them in again.' The door-bell rang loudly, and Mr. Prinoe roBe. 'Take yonr own time, and think well be ore you make your decision.' But Carrie's eir and attention were given to the sound ef voices in the hall. At the same moment the door was thrown open, and a servant announced, 1 Mrs. Tretheriok and Mr. Robinson/ (0 £k coBTmtrEn.) 