BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. The usual fortnightly meeting of the committee was held on Monday, 28th September. Present—Mr Wrigley (president) in the chair, and Messrs G. Smith, Deane, Oddie, M'Cafferty, Shoppee, Carey, Proctor, Lovitt, Lake, and Rey. Father Ellis. Correspondence —From the following, enclosing..subscriptions:—fj. Bro whj'Chepstowe, £2 2s 6d; John Hall, Grand Trunk Lead, £l ss; John Carroll, £2 7s 6d; Adam Bell, £1; E. Larkins, £ll3s; P. Coolahan, £3; William Suther? land, £l; Samuel Laurence,' 10s;" Daniel Conriok, £1 14s 6d; Francis. Bastion,: £1 -10 a; / James Dale, £1 Is 6d; John' M'Queen, Iss 6d; Michael- Eames, £l; Robert Simson, £10; E. G. Bucknall, £2; Price and party, Prinpe.of . Wales Tribute.Compaoy, upper level,. £s.—Received with thanks. Froin J. Bryce, hon. secre tary' Ballarat Amateur Ethiopian Minstrels, stating that the net proceeds of the late concei t amounted to - : £53 . 16s; and -.nominating’Messrs. R. H.- Barry,,and., .J. ~S. • Nesbitt -as .life ■ governors. From the Rev. E. S; Bickford, recommending Mrs Peters for relief. From ,Dr .Macfarlane,,thanking the commifteefor having passed a vote “of thanks to him as late medical-officer," but’intimating that the docu ment had not been received by him, and requesting that in the renewed vote mention should be made of him as surgeon to the Lying-in Hospital; also forward ing pamphlet compiled-from his “ asylum notes." House Committee’s Report.—l.. Advising j that the present system of making bread, be adhered to. 2. Recommending that " the existing provision with the Ladies’ Clothing Society, to meet tha wants of the poor in dogs and sh'ora,"should not be interfered with.. —Adopted. Master’s Report.—That a woman recently confined had,,been admitted, together with .her.infant, after consultation' with the medical officer and Mr Shoppee. That some numbers of The' Illustrated London News had been received from Mr W. H. Hutchins, and some British Workmen-from initials “E.G.” Number of' Inmate3rrMales,-207;>females;/S0;: children, 2; total, 239\. ~ Outdoor Recipients—Adults,, 445; 645; total, 1090; grand,total, 1329.—Adopted. The committee then adjourned. We/ Colac.Observer) were shown yesterday by a Mr M'Fariane what; in its way, is - a little 'Curiosity. It was a large lantern, surmounted by a round object which on examination proved to be a—what?—ah elaborately bqilt sw,allqw> nest. _ There it was, quite Jround, and! made to fit'with perfect accuracy the little rim at the top of a large lantern which had been ih use hung up on the ridge-pole, of a tent. The neat was neat and pretty and compact, and showed that' its feathery occupant, unlike many a man who plans for himself and has a fool for his architect, had cori . making.itself.an -admirable castle. ..... . A Not’eob’the Spieititalists to' "CbAck.—The Joi \- lowing story was related to us yesterday as having actually occurred in the-district during the week. Our informant says that'he ‘can-‘ rely -oh the person from' whom he received the information,; but, bur readers can believe the story, or otherwise, as they choose, we ; simply , give it as related; -' A gentleman well .’known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom \v6, will call. Lamb,-.at whose - establishment many an article has been:” popped’” by needy persons, : recently .-sold a piano' that he'had received as a' pledge -to ah-equally well-known speculator; whom .we . will call Stnith. : Tt so happened that within a week after the piano had been disposed of. Lamb ’departed this life rather suddenly, and was duly buried. Smith had had t)ie..piapo, removed r to his parlor, and, as a matter of "course, 1 had By this time had ample oppor tunities of judging as to the capabilities of the'instru ment. One night recently he had retired to -bed, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber,'when,‘at about two o’clock in the morning, he was suddenly awakened by loud and continued playing on his piano,, which he! Bad previously locked securely. Not relishing the idea of his servant .being. .up at that hour; he. -indignantly rushed downstairs for the purpose of reprimanding the supposed individual, -when to his great terror and amazement he observed,, as he says, the ghost of his’ departed “ uncle ’’ walk directly and firmly from the; piano right through the-front- door,- 'Being horribly’ frightened, he lost no time in retracing his, steps up-: stairs, and hiding himself in the blankets. ‘ His better half was not awakened by the first performance on’ tho piano, which consisted of a selection from Handel s Messiah,” but Smith had not long been in -bofora - the strains - were- resumed, - the selection this time being from Mozart’s Q loria—“The -Tw el fth Mass in which therexare ’several deep and striking notes. Smith heard .all this, .and after, totally abusing'the piano, he resolutely took refuge r ;in the arms of Morpheus.^., His .wife was, awakened by the music, and immediately screamed out, and endeavored to arouse her husband, but such seemed to be an im possibility, and she herself resolved to go down stabs and ascertain the cause ot this; unusual musical enter tainment;.. Ph reaching the room her bewilderment was greater than that.of .Smith, she having - observed the same identical man,.and under precisely the same circumstances. In a frantic State of excitement she rushed up stairs, and succeeded in arousing Smith and informed-Eim of what she'had seem Smith says that he remembered nothing after this beyond'the fact that his wife followed his example by “ turning in,” he having been put into'Buch a frenzy by:tho manner in which is wife had related the circumstances to him. Next morning he determined to get rid of the awful instrument. 1 'He succeeded in doing.so, but whether the same perfqnnance has been repeated at the house of the individual to whom he sold, it or not, ha is not m a position to eiy.—Bendigd Advertiser, 26th .Sep, tember." ■ . : ’ ->■ r j . Sour..”?—Josh says:-—“Herring inhabit the sea generally; but those" wHich'inhabit the grocery alwus tasto to' me ’as though they had been They want a deal of freshening before tfiey ro 'eatin,. and also arterward.' If I kin have plenty,of ..herang fur breakfast, I generally make thV other two meals out of water.” ' ’ ! , ;,V : ' 