INVESTITURE OF PATRICK S f? N GS' ESQ., WITH THE ORDER OF ST. GREGORY. Abridged from the 81/dney Freeman, , , duly 4. lvxouuay last was a grand day at St. Marys Cathedral, for besides being the beast of SS. Peter and Paul it was the fortieth anniversary of Archbishop Pold- itig's consecration, and the day e.'.osen for lh investiture of P- A. Jennings, Esq., or Karoola, Double Bay, with the Order of St. Gregory, latchr conferred upon mm oy His Holiness Pius IX. The sanctuary of the cathedral was gorgeously and appropriately decorated with banners, and the altar with flowers, &e.;, the whole being done under the immediate super vision of Father Collctti, the Archbishop's chaplain. Not less than 3,000 persons could have been present in the church, as every available foot of space was occupied. Pontifical High Mass commenced at 11 o clock, at which His Grace Archbishop Polding was celebrant; Fathers Walsh and Bonaventure deacons ; assistant priest, the Very Rev. John Dwyer (Pre sident of St. Mary's College, Lyncl- hurst) ; Father D. P. Quirk deacon ; Father Bernard Callaelior, sub-deacon ; and Father Colletti, master of ceremonies. The full orchestra, numbering 16 instru- ! ments of the Opera Company, with Signora Zenoni Gamboa, Signor Rosnati, Signor Dondi, and Signor Coliva were engaged for the occasion. Mrs. Corclner- Miles aud Miss Clara Lea also rendered good service. The Kyria and Gloria were selected from Mozart's 12tli Mass, the Credo, from Haydyn's No. 4, and the remainder from Gounod. Signor Zell- rnan played the organ, and the whole choir was under the conductorship of Mr. John A. Delany. Signora Zenoni sang the " Qui Tollis" and " Et Incar- natus" (both by Giorza) ; Signor Rosnati, the " Cujus Animam" (Rossini) ; Signor Dondi, " Pro Peccatis" (Rossini) ; and Signor Coliva, the "Ave Maria" (Colban). It is needless to say that the rendering of each of these had a very grand effect, and was listened to with rapt attention by the congregation. During Mass the Knight Elect with his Esquire (Mr. Thomas Butler) knelt outside the rails of the Sanctuary. At the conclusion of the Mass the Knight Elect, with his young son and his Esquire, were admitted within the sanctuary, and knelt on the step of the altar, the Arch bishop meanwhile having taken a scat in a chair placed on the top step of the altar with the attendant priest and sanctuary boys grouped around him in the form of a semi-circle. Father Colletti read Hie Papal brief constituting Mr. Jennings a Knight of the distinguished Order of St. Gregory, and Father Cunningham read the following translation : — " Pius the Ninth, Pope and Pontiff. "To our Beloved Son, Patrick Alfred Jennings— Health and Apostolical Benediction. " In these mournful and sad times to us and to our Roman Catholic Church, there is nothing of more ancient wont than to impart fitting and especial marks of our Fatherly goodwill to those of the living who, by praise abounding in merits, conspicuously cultivate religion, and strenuously up I i old our rights and those of the Holy See, and who relieve the shortness of our means with a liberality of the highest example. Thou, beloved son, hast clearly shown by the documents thou hast given that thou art one of those members. Therefore on this account, absolving thee from all sorts of excommunication, interdict or other eccle siastical censures, sentences, or penalties existing in whatever manner, for whatever cause, or however ugly incurred, and by tlie favor of these presents, and accounting thee to be absolved, we elect and constitute thee Kniglit of the Order of St. Gregory, the great of the civil class, and we receive thee into this most illustrious Order. In like manner we permit thee to wear the proper dress of the Knights of this Order, and the proper insignia, namely, an eight-sided gold cross, with red surface bearing the image of St. Gregory the Great in' the centre, which freely and lawfully thou art to bear pendant from a ribbon of red silk, edged with gold colour, on the left side of the breast, in the same manner as of other Knights. Nor, indeed, either in the wearing of the dress or in the bearing of die insignia is there to be any difference of maimer. "VYe command this form as here placed to be delivered unto thee. " Given at Rome, at St. Peter's, under seal of the Fisherman, 20th day of February, 1874, 28th year of our Ponti ficate. " V. Caiid. Asquinius." The preliminary prayers and offices being then recited by His Grace, the sword was blessed. His Grace thcu presented the newly-elected Knight with the sword, saying : — " Receive this sword in the name of the Father, and of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost ; and, so far as human weakness will permit it, may you injure no one with it unjustly ; which, may He be pleased to grant, who, with the Father and the Holy Gliost, livetli and reigncth, God, for ever and ever. Amen." The sword was then placed in its sheath, aud the weapon imng at the side of the Knight, the Arch bishop repeating the following words : — " Aceingcrc gladio tuo super femur tuum polcntissime ; ct attendc quod Sancti non in gladio scd per fidem vieerunt regua." The Knight then rose, and turning to wards the people, brandished his sword three times — to the east, north, and west — and then, returning to a kneeling posi tion, His Grace attached the beautiful red and gold eight-pointed cross of the Order to the neophyte's left breast. The Knight and his Esquire then rose and took their seats, the choir in the mean while singiug the Te Beam. The Order of St. Gregory the Great was founded by Pope Gregory XYI. on 1st September, 1831, as a reward for zeal and devotion displayed in the cause of the Roman Catholic religion and Apostolic - authority in the age of religious opposi tion and indilfei-ence. The badge of the Order (according to Bourke's " Order of Knighthood," pages 171 and 172), con sists of an octagonal golden cross, chased and enamelled red. The blue middle contains on the obverse the effigy of St. Gregory, and on the reverse the words Deo et prihoipc , both accompanied by the legend, 8. Greg or ins magnits. The decora tion is worn by the Knights in a small form suspended by a red ribbon with yellow borders at the button-hole on the left breast. The cross of non-military Knights, like Mr. P. A. Jennings, is worn pendant from a green olive branch. The acceptance of this honorary foreign. Order of Knighthood is never recognised by the British Crowd except under the very stringent terms laid down in a minute emanating from the Foreign Office on 10th May, 1855. Such honors as the Cross of St. Gregory are, however, frequently conferred upon British sub jects, but only one other investiture has taken place in this colony, that of the late Don Eduardo San Just, in 1867, the then Spanish Consul. The Knights of St. Gregory do not wear any distinctive dress. Later in the afternoon a banquet was given the Presbytery at St. Mary's in honor of the two events of the day, viz., the celebration of the fortieth anniversary of the consecration of His Grace Dr. Polding and the investiture of Mr. Jennings with the Order of St. Gregory. The clergymen present from the city and suburbs numbered about 40, and several laymen also attended by invitation, amongst whom, besides Mr. Jennings and Mr. T. Butler, we noticed Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mullens, Mr. Prendergast, and Mr Hollingdale. There was a sumptuous spread provided under the direction of M. Compagnoni, to which full justice was done. Dean Kenny proposed as the first toast, "The Health of His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney," recalling the details and the results of his missionary life since his first landing here about 39 years ago. He said that he had had an opportunity of watching the whole course of ecclesiastical administration here. They were all witnesses of its ultimate success, but only those who saw what the colony was at the first could fully appreciate the great work which Dr. Polding had done. He then dwelt eloquently on the great qualities shown by His Grace here during his whole administration, one of the greatest of which was his high-minded tolerance, which bad won for liim the goodwill of the members of every sect in this mixed community. And now they must all rejoice that His Grace was to receive the assistance of a coadjutor, and to be succeeded by a prelate worthy in every way to complete the work so nobly begun. He hoped that His Grace would live to see the new cathedral opened, and have one of the dearest wishes of his heart realised. The Archbishop's health was drunk with enthusiasm. His Giace made au eloquent replv and afterwards proposed the health of Dr. I aughan, the coadjutor Archbishop, and then that of Sir Patrick Alfred Jennings, the newly invested Knichl both of which were warmly received, ' 