TOPICS OP THE vv o navo reooiveu n noto trom Mr. Olemont Hodgkinson, Assistant Commissioner of Crown Lands, stating that he has not sent in his. resignation, as we stated yesterday was the oase, and has no intention doing. Of oourso wo must take Mr. Hodg. kinBon's denial, but at tho samo time that gentleman does not say whether he has applied for loavo to retiro on a pension or not. Tho information was obtained from such a reliable souroo that wo must ho par« doned for believing that there must be some truth la it. Attholnet nisi prittx sittings of theSupremo Court a pointsman at tho Melbourne torminun of tho Victorian Railways named M'Donald eought to recover damages from tho Board of Land and Works for libel. The alleged libel consisted in notices posted on various parts of tho station, intimating that M'Donald had been dismissed for having written disre spectful lottorB to bis superior officers in ra. ferenco to u line, which had boon inflictod upon him for nogligonco iu tho dischnrgo of his duty. At tho trial his Honor Mr. Justice Williams nonsuited tho plaintiff, on the ground that tho alleged libel was a privileged communication. Ho, however, consented to ' reserve tho point for the opinion of tho full court, nnd got tho jury to assess the damages to whioh they considered tho plaintiff was entitled if tho court decided toat the libel was not privileged. Tho matter was re- ooutly arguod beforo tho Supremo Court, in bauco, and to-day their Honors delivered judgment, discharging the rule nisi to enter > a verdict for tho plaintiff. , Tho Supremo Court in Banco doliverod Its reserved judgment: to-day onati applicationfor 1 a now trial in tho case of Treen v. Cameron. Thoaotion was hrnughthy tho late agricultural editor of tho Town and Country journal againat the proprietors, Messrs. D. Cameron , and D. A. Hughes, for alleged libel contained iu a notico to subscribers published in tho paper stating that Treen was no longer con nected with tho journal, and dosei ibing him as having been guilty of literary tholt. The alleged plagiarism consisted in tho plaintiff's having republished in Town and Country two articles which ho had previously pub- . liahed In tho Weekly Times when ho was oonneoto J with the latter paper. Also, in au article supplied to Town and Country, which was said tn ho identical with ono whioh had previously appeared in tho Field and tho Garden. The plaintiff allogod that he republished thoartielesfrom the Weekly Times with tho consent of tho proprietors of Town , and country, and that tho articlo alleged to havo been filohed from tho English papers was not identical with that whioh appeared in tho Field and the Garden. The jury awarded tho plaintiff' £300 damages, but a now trial was applied for ou several grounds. The court, however, dismissed tbe applica tion, except in so far as it was grounded ou the similarity of tho articles in the Fiold and the Garden nnd Town and Country. Their Honors to-day granted a now trial, tho costs of both trials to abide tho event. The Easter sittings of the Supremo Court in Banco were concluded to-day. Tho name of Professor Hearn is mentioned by nomo legal peoplo in oonnootion with thn new judgeship. It is not likely that there is tho slightest ground for the rumor. His Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth will deliver his rosorvo judgment in the Equity Court on Monday at eioven o'c'ook in the oase of Daliimore v. the Oriental Bank. His Honor Mr. Justico Williams will take Chamber business on Mondny at eleven o'clock, and every day at tho same hour until furthor notico. The Melbourne Rowing Club will hold a regatta opon to seniors and juniors of the cilil) on Saturday, tho ISth instant. Tho courso to bo on tho Upper Yarra. Members are requested to attend in tho meantime for praotico, crows to he chosen on tho day of the raoes. Tho annual meeting of tho Vanoluso (late Docker's Hill) Football Club was held last evenimg at Clifton street, Richmond, when tho following goutlomen woro olcctcd as office-bearers for tho ensuing season : — Com mittee, Messrs. Cooper, Dick, O'Connor, Heod, and Bookwith; captain, A. Diok; vice-oaptain, Or O'Connor ; treasurer, W. Hoed j secretary, C. Coopor. Wo learn that arrangements are being made for a Masonio ball, to tako place in tho Town Hall, on tho 28th proximo. Tho adjourned special meoting of tho saddlers' and harnoss makers' society was hold at Mark's Imperial hotel, on Thursday ovoning last; Mr. Grattan in tho ohair. Tho delegates appointed to confer with tho em ployers on tho pieco prico list reported favor ably on tho courtesy nnd general desiro of the employers to mcot tho wishes of the journeymen. Tho prico list, ob amended, was, after a me discussion, duly passed. A oommitteo was appointed, consisting of Mosers. C rmpion, Cornish, and Pritchnrd, to arrange and classify the list for printing, after which it will be submitted to tho employers. A "special correspondent " of tho Geolong Advortlser gives currency to tbo following rumors : — It appoarn that Madamo Goddard intends to revisit Australia, and has initiated steps for that purpose. She is understood now to ho at Singapore, and to intend to proooed to Java and China, tho latter, _ I presume, after revisiting this colony. Dis closures aro likely shortly to bo mado whioh will indioato that tho supervision of tho pre sent system of Government in Fiji cannot bo mado too soon. Those who aro acquainted with the personnel ol that Government will feol no snrpriso at what will roach their cars, and certainly there in no reason why they shonld bo. A soandal of a moat disgraceful j kind in connection with tho monago of a roeidont of Collins street, has formod tho subject of oonvorsation for several days. I shall not indicate its nature, or tho persons concerned, bsoausa it is possible that the matter may not como into tbo law courts. Tho ministerial papors aro olaiming a great victory for tho Ministry in tho olootions just concluded: We oan only infer that the speeohoB mado by tho candidates returned liavo not boon road, or that there is a lofty disregard of what tho auooosBful candidates did say. Sumo who strongly condemned the ministerial sohomo aro put down as sup porters of tho Ministry, whioh is, to Bay tho ieast, cool. ? Mr. Adam Anderson, tho protectionist oandidato for West Molbourno, addressed ovor 700 of tho electors nt tho open Bpaco opposito Short's Hotel, Spencer atroot last ovoning. A unanimous vote of confidence was oarriod with threo ohcers for Mr. Ander- con. A fatal accident ooourrod on tho Bailarat road, about a mile this side of Ogilvy's Hotel at Ascot, on Thursday evening, says the Bailarat Courier. DoniB Sullivan found the body of a farm laboror, narnod William Barry, lying in tho road ; tho deooased hav ing apparently been run ovor by tho waggon whioh bo was driving homo. Ho was in tno | employment of Mr. John Shaw, of tno Blowhard Hotel, and had been in Ballarat with a load of farm produoo. 1 It ig aarmlaed that his horses must Uavo bolted, and the unfortunate man have fallen undor the wheels. The body was convoyed to Mr. Shaw's farm, where an inquest will bo held. A largo body oE tho Boat Molbourno con- atituonoy reoeived Mr. O'Brien at Powell's Trfjlnster Hotel, cornor HnBsell and Lonsdale streets, last night. His npeeoh and roplies to nnmerous questions olioited their warm annroval. A vote of confidence and tho formation of a committee followed. Ho ad- dressos tho electors to-night at Moonoy'b Bridgo Hotel. The following story which, if true, should result in some action being taken is told by tho Gipps Land Mercury: It has come to the knowledge of the police that a boy named George Lang, apprentice from theo Reforma- tory sohools (from ship Nelson) to Mr. Desailly, Emu Vale, near Bairnsdalo, re- orted himself at Stratford Station on the 3rd April. The boy said that he had come from Tabarabara, one of Mr. Desailly's stations, about fifty miles from Stratford, where ho was living with a Mr. Cunay, a partner of Mr. Desailly's. He says that Mr. Cunay allowed him to leave. It was about ten days from the time of his leaving the station till he reached Stratford, and ho says that he was out during all the wet weather, had to cross the Mitchell River, and various mountain streams. His clothing cannot be described further than to say that it con sisted of a few old rags, lined with vermin. The boy is a fine intelligent little fel- low, about fifteen, and states that his time was up in the schools before he was apprenticed out. Constable Keon kept him for a couple of days ; he is now living with a man named James Reeves, at Stratford, and has been supplied with a new suit of clothes. Constable Keon has seen Mr. Desailly, who says that the boy's timo was not up before he left the Nelson. The Inspector of Industrial Schools has boon communionted with. From tho Gipps Land Mercury wo loam that tho dividends in tho Long Tunnel claim at Walhalla ore declared with tho greatest regularity every month. No loss than £254,000 were paid in dividends up to March, 1873\. Since that date tho monthly divldouds have been for April, Mny, and June, £4800 a month ; for July and August, £G000, for September £S100, and for October, November and December, £7200 each ; January, 1874, £6000, Fahrury £7200, March £6000, April £4S00, mnking a grand total of net dividends paid oi £334,800, or £139 10s a share. Aooording to tho Gcelong Advertiser, "wild turkeys, or bustards, have seldom been bo plentiful as they have been this season. In ordinary years it is seldom that moro than ono or two are seen together on tho plains beyond Winchelsea, but this year as many as seventy have been soon in one flock. One would have thought as tho country beoamo Eettled these birds would decreaso gradually and finally disappear, but it seems thoy have not yet decided upon a retiremont to the hack oountry, where a man is seldom scon. The Ballarat Star remarks i — " An anony mous correspondent, who, for anything we know, is still at. large, writes with roBpcot to the general elections: — 'I object in toto to those persons whoso roligion is opposed to the 'Holy Trinity — Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' as acknowledged in the British Con stitution. A person morely professing thoro is a God, and donying tho divinity of Our Lord and Saviour Josus Christ, is not a fit and proper person to legislate for a Christian people.' " The Bendigo Advertiser reports that a young man, named Richard Wilcox, twenty yours of age, whilo worlting in tho stopos of the St. Mungo Hill Company, yesterday, with his mate, a miner named Hall, was suddeuly knocked down by a heavy fall of stono from overhead, which out ofi'ono foot, and inflicted such injuries on his body that ho died on arrival at tho hospital. Hall escaped unin. jurcd. Some timo previous to this thoy had fired a shot, but whether that had any effect in causing the fall is not known. At the time tho accident happened they were preparing to put in another blast. Tho deceased resided in Napoleon Gully, and was the only support of his mother and soveral brothers. From tho Geolong Advertiser wo learn that a curious mistake, showing tho electioneering tactics at work, was made at a mooting held at tho Crown Hotel, last evening. As the audience wore leaving tho room a morabor of tho Press was sccostod by a well known clerk of works with tbo enquiry, " Yon'ro a friend of Mr. Garratt's, aint you ?" " Yes, of conrsc I am," was tho ironical rejoinder. Thoroughly off his guard tho other continued, "Then, when you sco him, you might tell him that a deputation is going to wait on Mr. Maodonald to got him to retire, and this must bo count. raoted." "When is the deputation to wait?" asked tho amused listener. " About tho day of nomination, and Kornot's friends are going to use all their influence, so you see the thing must be counteracted at all hazards," was tho answer. Mr, C. was thanked for his information, but as Mr. Garratt had disappeared from the room, and could not be communicated with, it is possible that tho publicity now afforded to the colloquy will answer tho purporo. A strange robbory of a largo sum of monoy wa3 investigated at tho Ballarat City Police Court yesterday. A man pretty well ad vanced in yearB, named David Ross, was charged with having stolen £124 in notes, and two post office orders for £10 oaoh, tile property of two brothora and a sister named Ralston. Tho Ralstons, it appears, aro farmers noar the Springs, Bungaroe, and had been saving money for somo timo to moot a bill due on a sale of land. This was known to tho neensed, and also to several of tho neighbours. The monoy seems to havo been very carelessly kept, it was enclosed in a pockotbook, and placed in an unlocked box ; and tho houso was sometimes loft unoccupied, with this box open. On Sunday, tho 15th March, tho money was seen by tho sister, and on tho following morning it was missed ; hut such Booms to havo been tho carelessness of those to whom it belonged, that it was not until nearly a week afterwards that they awoke to tho fnct that it had been stolen. Tho sister thought ono of her brothers had moved It. One brother thought, when ho saw it was not in the box, that tho other brother had removed it ; and tho ono nevor thought of asking tho other about so largo n sum for nearly a week. Tho prisonor hod been previously engaged about tho farm, and suspicion seems to havo lighted on him bocsuse ho disappeared myBtoriously about the time, and because, although well known as a man who drank all ho earned, ho had been seen to Hash a roll of notes. Tho bonoh thought when tho ovidenoo for tho prose cution had finished, that a prima facie, caso had been made out, and committed tho pri soner for trial. Signor Sneini gives his fa'owcll concert to night. A moro attraotivo vnoal programme was uovor presented in tho Town Hall. Emerson's Minstrels wero patronisod by a densely crowded audience at St. Georgo's Rdl last night, tho houso boiug, next to Easter Monday, tbo boat of tho wook. Mr. Emerson must ho fully satisfied with tho recognition tho public is now giving to his talonts, ami thouo of his troupe. An ontiroly new programme will bo given this ovoning. Tho variety entertainments givon by the company now performing at tho Apollo nail are woll attended every evening, and appear to ho extromoly popular. Thero will bo a change of programmu this ovening. Rossini's II Barbioro was placed boforo tho pubiio last evening at tho Opera Houso. Tho cast was an oxoeodingly good ono in every way, and so, therefore, it may bo easily imagined that tbo colobrated mirth- producing opera buffo was rendered with amplojustice._ Signora Coy mado a most charming llosina, and in tho singing lesson Mono interpolated a Tyroloan air with varia tions by Hummel ; this was so boautifully ana artistically executed that it provoked an o»jr0' Signora c0y was in particularly good vocal form, and if possible excollod fletself; whonoversho appoars on tho stago tho andionoe seem spellbound till she retires. Tho Dottori Bartolo by Signor Baldassari is a oonooption by soveral degrees above tho lovol of mediocrity, but it laoks tho origina lity wo autioipatod from this versatile artist j perhaps on its repetition on Monday next wo may witness something loss oonventional. It was a groat pity that Signor Fiorani was hoarse, for he lookod and actod tho part of Don Basilio to tho life. Tho representation of tho Oharaotor was uncommonly olevor and causod numerous exhibitions of well- dpsorvod approbation. Signor Coy and Signor and Signora Tournorie enunciated their rospoctivo roles in a oroditnblo manner, and tho porformnnco was in an eminent degree cnjoyablo and satisfactory. This oven ing Un Ballo in Moschera will bo given. Tho Colossoum is drawing large houses. The proprietor is doing all in his power to ongago some of tho beBt talent that the colony of Viotoria can produoo. He ha) now engaged with that clover song and danoo roan Mr. Aliok O'Brien, tho original Salamander Sam. His comicalities keep tho andionoe in laughter from tho beginning to tho end. He (tho proprietor) hiis also cn- gagod Mr. Alf. Romer, tho nc plus ultra of the Australian colonies. AIbo, Azella, whoso wondorful feats on the flying trapeze must bo seen to bo believed. 