THE REFORMED BUSHRANCER. (. TRUE TALE.) (Continued.) Wg T AT do you mean ?" said the Buccnrro, S" did you kill him." " I didl," said the man. " And you killed the'man, anll come here to me, h stranger, and gasB about it. Lock here, stranger," lie said, " I have seen niany a better lman tha.n you get hin brains blown out for less tl sa that. What do you know but the man you ,i illed was nmy brother. Anm what do you know lint I imight take you ta. the samie spt, anild kill you. Now, I have. seen ninny a luin who hius killed scores of menl, nnd yet, you will never hear then, -llwing about it. It's'my opinion, stranger, you never killed the mann. at all, I'ur only" This conversation of killing men had drawn *a grod few listeners. W.hecn the Uinccarr,, Ilad finlished speaking lihe rame from Ilia sea' and st retched,.lhis huge.lilnbs anmong thetim. and commenced to pace the foor of the lbt, and said never a word. 'The man alayer dried up. ThIe Iendlord, Young, who was half drunk, bawled oant, " By tile ghost of my g rand niollier. mate, but you look like as .if you couldl kill a mana and eat himn too. I haver "kept thlli Ilouse," he went on, " ever sinre it was a shanty, anwt used to get fiued .£50 every fortnight. but I never saw an abler loking iann on- Ballarat than yon are. Comne, have a nobbler," • N9.! No ! tllank you," said the Buccarro, " I n.ver drink," but tutrning to mi, " Come boy, let us go to bed." Wo speoi.t tlhe next couple .f T weeks in Dillin'nt. \\\e never bro'ghtt rny tools, but w.l,,are(d anlbout all over it. Wherever we wit't hlie clry tof piar times timet our earns; inlrl ioor ties it seetmed to be, tile shallow gr unl was worked out. and the deepv claims Int na yet biottomed. We were not long inl comnting to the conclusion that our fortunes did unot await ca at Ballarat, and resolved to * g., to BUck Creek. (now Talb-t) 33 nailes dis tnut. We lhad but light swags, and ws.lked the distatuce< in one day. The great, rush to liIk Creek was just over, and we soon found there was no room for ns there. We went from Bnck Creek to Ararat. , Aruri't was more to the Bnccarro's fancy. " Hle said he liked to see sometlhing in the ahape of a mountain, be it ever so small. We brought a tent and tr'ols, and com menced. There was no new ground to he hal, bult we fossicked about the old pillars and tmanniged to make about tucker. Neither the Buccarro nor I knew much about gold. digging, but the gold at Ararat was coarse, s, there was little chance of washing it W'S ilo e were there I said to the Buccarro one day, " I thought you were an old gold '.g o I am," he said, " only I am an old pocketer." I hardly understood him at the time, but when he told me the story of his life I knew what sort of a pocketer he had been. At length Lamplougl broke out, and we went there. We were in good time, and secured a claim on the fancy line, and sunk a shaft in it, and found it a duffer. We re mained here for many months, and sunk shaft after shaft, always to find that we were a little too much one side or the other. We never could hit it. The Buecarro took it all in good part, " Euchred again" he would aay, and think no more about it. While we were on this rush we got more mixed among the miners than we had ever been before. Many were the speculations as to who or what the Bucecarro could be. We had worked like horses, and the hard work lhad not improved the Buccarro's look. He still kept his hair long. The heat and tiae dust were insufferable; the dust got in amongat his long hair and heard, sad it bl" naine matted alld tanglid. Water wse ecre*. m,1r he could not keep hlimuif as clean as he 'aw .ad have wished. and the dirtier he was the wur se he looked. Thepeeople begean to torent me as to who he was, and where I had met ~im. At * length, to get rid of their importuaities, I began to tell them he was nmy father, and stuck to it too. In feet, I had eaIlel him \- Jather to everybody etcelpt himself ever siIe *we had landed in Victoriu, the simplt.reason dlctiog that I did not knaw anything else to .cull aium by. Hehad never told me his name, :attIA .dld not like to ask himt, neither had I <tt ldthieu mine, nor did be ever ask me minle, lre saimply calihd me " Boy." He soon found jI called 'im tliherand seemed rather to like tit. :Gradueally b began.to rall him father to b . ac , OOuntil;ai ?t? iiaHm.atural. . :Bjsan^-y~fq~r~e ,lB«W; brshe out.* *Wee it-r tIler5igilitnl itn alod litnt, buil. airsn?'l w*e hesi'r got 'ln nti.ttliyih . .i, nln.. bh sni that pelrihaps we ei're thil pcractild. Of iuur'. we were not., mIl flilt as ia'nlsnsg gold was cosn - celnm.d. lnut getting on the goll, nt' I nglewroil especially, was nolliiing more thlln II'ore blindli chance; .tihe ledni was a regular zizang; knowledge had nothling to do withl getting on the gold wl.atever. To give thio render nln i>eas of our ?uccees' Tl ud, I smay say we sunk two 10 ?l n -s'ff,-:two 80 ft.. antl one 40 ft. shaft tn the two 80 and 40 wi were mates with tiwo Gesimans. This it will lie seen was n good year's work, yinking 24(1 feet, soinptinlles through hlrd, cenentt, sinl: always driving a little in each shift kept u blusy. Fathe.i' stood it well. After ?.ottoln ing a duflfer, " ' echred ag!ain" iv as Ihlt wor . then lie would Fink back intlo isi stolihl iiilif ferent way, and never say niiy mole alioat it. While on Inglewood we niet. vllrinilillsniierls fromn the OUvcns dislitit. BJy tlh'ir ar~lniiitri a) little gold niglii always be made thef. Thleis necoulnts, too, oftlhe iim Ltilni l imp lny trains I'orted Father, an li5ia iWersoilve'i to gi. To fit oursielvs for 'thti^ rLy we putrclaseul a horse, and on. himii \'jiackel i all otr t, lps and set outl for the Ov ?es.',We crossr.ld Ith Loddon at Ne.a Bridge, anld tlhe G(illiuri sit .lii.chiseo, coiiut'ir on the ntain Sydniie road at Violet Tolwn. W?e w<Tilt ritiit up to tihe iilontiltiill city of BOec)lhwciVrthl lic"f'l' "--ever tirnilng to olni side or the other. VWe w'er irnch pleasid with Beeclhwcrtlh, esp?lecill. Falther. lie said it was sonmething like slni old places lie had s?ient Iis life in. We di lnot remain long in Deiiechwortli, but took tlhi road to .Morse's Crcek. If'we had behtlit pleased with thie scenery of Beetlhworlth. our i.reasts were still more filled with enthusiasnm ait the beaultifal molniiaili scenery we wern 11ow trnvel ing thronugh, especially thiat 'lart ou tihe road.that leads through Jlyrtleford. Tihe t.raveller is here culmipletely lshut in Iby tall, towering moiuntaitin oil every side. 'Thlh Buffalo imounntains ill particular, with their abrupt slaty sides, is" a sight worth going ironl here to there to see. Nor are tihe inoiltains .tlonle the only prospects that are pleasing to thi i're. 'lime Ovens Rliver here filnds it serlien t.ine course through broadl acd extensive flatt <.rtlih very richest soil. These flilts lhave ItoIf been overlooked by the settler, farim-honse., Inuxiriant.n'corji-elds, laden' orchards? anid lowing herds iiiL? Seye on every side. 'liTh acene was one 8 l aenCihjiiling to tlih view thlai Fatller exclaiused"k If n ?l "1 i'old womin."i mllatning, of, course, a ti'igung wile, " 1 uiild live here for cver.",i s We traversed this beanutifni tountain valley of A-strajia' until ''we "arrivedu as Morse's Creek T'le richest of the alluvial in that vicinity was ti.en worked out, but' lsill ther(were ninany ricdli atl.hs to lb i,'und. Quartz reefing was just beginning ti. rpriug up, mind many of tile iliilnrrs were awa~ in tile mUuiolains prospecting. Fat her andl 1. hitwever, turnedi our attlelition ito lluvial dig giing, until (as ihe said) we got a little lbij ncquainted abnut the bush. Witl onr tin dish, pick, anld shlovel we comnlenced pros. pemtiing everywhere,'jp atnd down every littli tisountain turrntiit, aintteatt, ami, until at last sne day we got a'prnispect*whlich we though would pay on Lthe Lai o db i lle ilailn streoil, itself. T'here was, how':ver no wiater to Ie hiud only by cutting a race, Which would coat liotli time antd trouble, fromi a sthlll motlntah. streami, wlicli at that time (February) lit. liarely a slsicu h?tlead ot water running in it. But tie arguel thalt winter would suoon come, asmd then we shoiuld hiIve nmore water thl.n wi wanted. Wirh this oiject in view, we ap ulied for aind olhi'aiinel a water right, ni, 'commlllmielced to cut a race, wliicll, after -ix we-rks' hard work, we brought in very faii'l*. Our next. oisjict wais to cut a t il rac, whiirl we acicsusplisised to our saitisihction. W\\\' then built a liutt and made ourselves collmfLrt able for .tllh winter. By the time rains had fallen we were ready to start, but we found that two of us were ntl slfficieint to work the grunud, so we col leagued with a couple of old nllontsitsi tiiilerd'. slid wborked the ground systetnatically. ,,ut ii was little, difference about the.aystrin, the gold was not theI yet it was iisaricli .us many of tho\claims in the neighbourlhood. Our mates tlhouit g _there was aipatchi some where ihandy, and nobody ulid . ell the uin we might drop into it., With this alluring prospect in view we workedr Aard all tlroigli the winter. Sometimes w sIaredrca l 10s. i, week per man, and oftener we'shared tinly tl, 10\. without the lpolta,-lluta ihouti15as. a week we might make' sure of as at'saverage. This was tantalising'in the extreme, aisind, e often wished we.might get riciher or poofer. However our wishes did not signify anyt hiing, there it wass' week after week, andl mulltli after month',just the same. Bye-and-bye the simllinmer came on, and set. in warm and dry. A new evil now overtook us,--onr water began to show signs -f fail ing. We constructed a dam to store up the rmighlt's waters, but before long this began' ts fail also; two\or three weeks more and we could only work three days a.wcek; ythen we came down to ahotiibtwo d'ays or a day and a half. " Emchered agaims," said Fatiler. Our mate~alwho F ere b 'thie way very quiet and industrious mn., now'denomninated our claiml a " stringer," and advised that we should go out two ,nd two.at a time and prospect the ranges for a qart.t reef. (ur nlates went the first fortnlight, and Father and I watched the claim. I noticed that about this time Father had long fi of abselnt-mindedness. He would he for days and days and ialrdly speak a word. His brain was evidently laboutring to solve some problem, and 1 watched with keepin-l terest to see what that problem .might he. ; "say I watched with interest, because I hand really begun to like thils min, in spito .of hi wild loo.k and.» uncoath ways, 'Thero was a simplicity and 'a warm-hearted Lenderness' -hbout him whiich\woi my sympiuatlhy, f .a, hard-l?p digger canie altlg lie was thie first to give hbn iifrornation, while if ihe wanted a -oeal and a iigWh's l?' gid g lie wns eqnally ready to ihliare his last ptorsbl witll hilm, and .often and often have I wartchled hiim slip to .one side and give such .menta few tjillinugs to 'elp themu on the road. I noticed, .with sot.e degree •of interest, that the \poor and ,the' needy never .flinchled from him when they met him, whereas those who appeared to be worth aeonmthing alwiays tried to give himn a wide berth. Our mates returnrd from their prospecting tour, and reFported nil. Father and 't now pirepared to start, which we did cn the filhlw ing day,': We ran ip lui'au's Creek about ftmee aUils, ad then climbed the rang»e nid i .sl;sed .to he Bt ite.~iad River. We tbi.'bi hno oi tlc. brihlici'e~ if the Bukl~tnd ul intli it ?li'n.k imlt ia tiny little sti'can,, .,,n:oing oht oif an na!nost pelrpoudictilair .rock. \W. had a Ihard jah, here to find a hlevel slt to pilth our tent, ibut fiuid one at last; mnd cLanlnuenced io istuenlt every qluartz buolder weO coll fitlnd. \We aillowed this uop fIl several days, Int nerar a speck could we fined. \Ve thin removd fllrther down thle valley, whre tile harm* en.lt have a feed. Ilere we iai chld oJ' tenit agein, and conlnena:el fos si.kling allhant the ranges with nnidioitiishled viglur, Lbut no snea as attended onr exer .tiorts,-wo conlhl noct git even the cololr. We altdl rs;e nt. se r.lr daye in tlhis fruitless sea'rl., "haon tione anairning Fatlher said hIe didt nt,. tlhink he woahll ci ant that, dayt,-tn Ieht hle said hat. Ih::i di rlot tleInk Ic he wais dastint-e to tmakle lhi tortinc j.ihld digging. rWe itre lie said, ieaarly two, yvears slaving like neg;:rer. and we hiavie not g?it oear tucker, and lri' all prtl'spect hie coulld stee we iiigiat go on unttil we died of s.irntvatil, , and liever ht aniy tgI richer. If we heal gone. hie cont ineIal, sna gaaiabla'd ii a 1a1oxieat Diei we sht Id Ihiave hail latt.er lon tisnit thi. He went, on ninel Ilotger ill thel st.ate ls allti. I contiJ s?*I** , was olawn-hlearted. Tlhis was the first timec ever hir rl him conunlahtn, and 1 knew he iufst fetel hias i Isitiin ileelly before hie aspoluke. Is aoiglit latlalls that hI hald rnn saorl at mnatcy. I laid Ietver kanown hiotaw iineda hit aad iihen wa. tatrted, but I kaesw it had cast hal n g-aad suall. It Ilnad cost nie a great Sletil, aritd hlie w:as tallways freer with hlis ntiianei tiain I\ ns litih ihlae. indeedl in oor owa ;ncideiital irpenses lie had nlwnays cnlatrive, t, beh a shlil:i g or tarw nirae ont in tce weal thnn I was. So I tlhoght, tltat lie wnv getainllg hard tip, antlti tlit a citntted foir hi? nateny lay ,drenas ]litely. I h:latd lot mIatcll itntiey left tIIys'lf, but I inwardlly resolved ta, shlanre tie last si pcnce with Ihit, knowht\i g that lie woula hIave doine thle sanicy linte. SIlatld onll he clany previrously scen a likl1y lookling qnartz leader in tile ranges that tootik any fancy, alnd I was resolved*au satisfy aty self of its vailne hefore recrcssing thIe rangec,. With this obj et ill view, I toall liiml I stlunIaa jnst take one llore lotlrk at the ratges, alln'. if I faund ni,,thaaag we shlutld go lau]:, on Iohi rollawin;g Iir,,ning. I sooni climbedl to whera . my leader w:as .i' unttea, liad ccaiianaiicead it, critically exa:ltiiiiio evry piece of stane andi casing 1 could raise witli tlhe ptick ,vithouli evet seeilng the cilanr of gahla. .1y hrniaa was at wilrk as well as any munices, and 1 sotn exl anstead tayself. I sat dlown on a bouiler, and had at long thliiik, aid came to tile IonelhtIsiana thant 1 slhoull. as gently as aoisille clftr to shiuaro iany little ill wiil, Futhler as Ioatg as it laIstedl, antl tihat we hadI better hlave thle Ovens and go t tothe Lachlan rush, which was then breakitag cit. \\\'hen 1 arrived at tlhc tent I ftlund Father iusty fturtiislhig tp a Cult's revolver. I was rutther sutllrpisedl at tais. as 1 had Il never seen hitit hntalhc tine, tar itention lao had it, since we left bMlazatlan. 3ut ther'e it was, oiled and fiariished up, aaad in good ctniliti.n. H. e lhadl a Iullet cniatal, powder flask, atial :vecalythcir complete. Whlaen I .1 ntt.redl, I stail." lhallcel'citd again, Fatther." Vituhat raising his had hle quietly reniaarked " (Of cilll'se, it is neelless ti, expect aIlnythit?g else at this galltle.' ['resently the revolver twais clenited to hlis .latefetfcin, atndl ca;fillly wralaled ip in i heather panclt, vlwhich I hard often noticed ill hiis p'tlssessiOll, bit ntever seen the inside oe until thait dany. Thiis dote, hie saiid " 1 hav. jist been hIavintg a shcat c, t of the ald thing, to see if I coull hit, a tre ? e yet' (T'o be Coatnued.) I 