rJ?elegi*a,pliic Sydney. lUTvrnui^ tssocituD mess] October 22 Till: Government have received a telegram from London stating that Sir Charles Cowper, the Agent-General, is seriously ill. The shipowners are projecting the establishment of a Mutual Marine Insurance Company. The Jessie Kelly, schooner, which arrived from Noumea yesterday, reports that the natives of the Santa Cruz group had seized the Lapwing, cutter, hailing from Auckland, murdered all hands, and burned the vessel. HILL. schooner Sand By was also attacked by the natives while lying becalmed off Santa Cruz. The crew successfully resisted the attack, and the breeze freshening, the safety of the vessel was secured. At the wool sales to-day a large business was again done ; parcels of greasy sold from 9d. to 11d. per lb. Arrived : City of Brisbane, s., from Brisbane. melbourne. [weatherman associated rains.] October 22. In the Legislative Assembly this afternoon the adjourned debate on Air. Woods' motion, to authorise the opening of museums and other public institutions on Sundays, was resumed. The resolutions are not likely to be carried. Sales of wheat at 5s. d. to 5s. 2d. per bushel. Two cargoes of maize changed hands at prices ranging from 5s. 6d. to 3s. 8d. per bushel. Eight hundred boxes of candles sold at 8d, per lb., and a parcel of Eleme raisins at 63d. per lb., in bond. SEVERNE, contributions of interest have lately been made to the Brisbane Museum, which is gaining in importance, and also, sportingly, in favor with the general public. Amongst the donations made during the past mouth is a bas- relief map of the south-east portion of England, specially intended to show the geological formations likely to be met with in the construction of the projected under-sea railway between England and France. The proposed line, as marked on the map, is from the South Foreland to a point near Calais. The map was presented by Mr. Daintree. Mr Davidson, chemist, of Stanthorpe, has forwarded a specimen of a death adder, two feet six inches in length, with fangs of nearly half an inch, and is one of the largest of this description of reptile. Another interesting item is a collection of fossils, from the lower chalk formation at the head of the Walsh River. This contribution was made by Mr. Barron, and, together with a similar dona- tion made by Mr. G. Bonnett, jim., from the well-known fossils of Gowrie Creek, will be found worthy of inspection by persons of scientific tastes. Mr. Bray, of the Tweed River, has Xirosonted specimens of a blind snake or worm (not venomous), two scorpions, two lizards, and a centipede ; while Mr. Churchouso has", added to the museum quite a number of Maori curiosities, amongst which the story of a model canoe, and a snare for catching pigeons, are deserving of notice. This latter is an extremely simple and apparently easily constructed contrivance, and we should say, judging from an experiment made, very effective in its operation. Several other contributions of an interesting nature have lately been made, and it is obvious that the dimensions of the present building are far too small for the increasing demands upon its space As showing the increased attention which is being paid to the institution by the public, we give the numbers of visitors who have attended during the past four months June, 400 ; July, 770 ; August, 1221 ; September, 1673. The Government have decided on making certain paper many changes in the Dei artment of Lands Hitherto, a great want of co-operation between the sea near races under the Minister has existed, and the late enquiry by the Commission appointed to consider the method of keeping the public accounts elicited informs tion, showing that a certain amount of intago msm very prejudicial to efficiency ousted be til been the v ii ions independent branches It has now been detet Time I to centre all administer a as of authority in the Under Sec start the Sur fever General bolac, charged only with the management of sm i boys and the custody of plans The two branches lull therefor the amalgamated, the Sun es or General being subordinate to the Under Secretary Ali Geo Huntley at present chief clerk in the Survey Office, will be transferred to the administrative branch, taking rank as senior clerk Thl seemingly ever present English mail is again a source of irritation to our business men. The Suez mail aimed in Sydney last Sunday morning By vine we were advised that the James Pater son would leave unfriendly after noon It is now known that this steamer left on the evening of the following day, so that by the grace of good luck and the A S S? Company, we may receive our letters a week after then m m m in Sydney Coming so soon after the recent visit of our Postmaster General to Sydney, this circumstance seems a little inopportune 51 MLS for the United Kingdom and the Continent of Europe, via Melbourne and Point de Galle, are announced to be made up at the General Post Office to day, closing for registered letters at 4 p in for money orders pickets, and newspapers, at 7 pm and for an ordinary) letters, at 8 pm Only cot i espondence marked for! Melbourne and Point de Galle will be sent A supplementary mail will be made up if oppor county offer It is intended that the members of both Houses of Pm huilent shall give His 1 excellency the Marquis of Normanby a farewell compliment tar J dinner on At Wednesday's ending November 4 In another column will be found a most interesting. and valuable account, from the leaders that y, of the list prospecting tour back w and from the Palmer Gold field, of Mr James Mul heart and his mates Mr Mulligan did not drop on to a place on this occasion but in their pursuit of gold, the party traversed a large area of valuable and hitherto unknown country, which is described by our correspondent with the masters G and exactitude of an old explorer That "Mr Mulligan and his mates men have " better luck next time will be the wish of all who lead Ins dun) A Puk enriching Society, established to assist LuLjiilnnen distress, recommends tempo mi ii j BiwiiLiiding emigration to America, and is helping hand Lies to return he cr net miss epic e sensations of agents in England are strongly de- nounced , at times especially are war and against leaving Ellis md the quality of men sent out is much complained of in Canada The Times pronounces against Canada on account of the seventy of climate, and recommends New Zealand and Tasmania in reference, jet huge cargoes are still being shipped oil 3 An interesting and inst victim of entertainment will be given this evening at Toowong, when Mr. W L G Drew will deal ci m ladies? upon the "Transit of Venus Several admirably executed illustrations have been prepared, and great pains bestowed upon the subject with the view of making it is attractive as possible. It will be seen by our ad val rising columns that a " Gi and Temperance Demonstration is to be held in the Wesleyan Chu ch Albert street, this evening. The various ministers attending the Annual District Meeting (now being held in this city ) are to take put, and the meeting is to be enlivened with music and singing The School for Scandal went admit able at the Qnectislaud 1 heats of last night, all the performers being shaken down to their business Mr Belton and Mr Tavares each had the honor of in enthusiastic i Lcull during the sereen scene, the action of the piece has ing to be suspended to peg out of then let nowledging the plaudits of the audience ii e may say that neither Alias Surtees, Mr law dies non Ali Bel ton have on an) occasion appealed to equal advantage This is a very great deal loss of three leading season more in one piece Mr Douglas also warmed up, and was in the highest degree satisfactory victory in the same scene S Lee the brilliant success of School, there has been nothing equal to this performance on the Queensland bonds The poll for man a is, a shot v, worthy of the piece, and to accept that of the " School for Se and it is to say a great deal The play should inn for some time to come, but playgoer s should not run the risk of disappoint- meat by del a tug to pay the theatres visit Phi performance of the Gracie Troupe at the School of A its last evening was not so numb lously often led a? on then two previous appear races, the gallery being the only portion of the house that was well filled There was a change in the pi og -crime, as far as the various songs and dances were concerned, but the sensational' trapeze performance, in which Mille Gracie and Senor Gonzales exhibit such astonishing nerve and strength, i remained, of course the principal feature of the entertainment, and was as usual, received with approval Messrs Buckley and Holly are undoubtedly good stop dancers, both separately and together and then manner of performing the " Golden shoe dance is some thing new in Brisbane, and is well worth seeing The company appeal again to night and to morrow night 1 in. pi commune of the races to take place on the 1st and 2nd January, under the auspices of the North versus chair Jockey Club, will be found in another column in the V. item Police Court, yesterday, before Mr. W Thornton, Water Police Magistrate, John G illowa} an able seaman belonging to the ship Zoroaster, summoned Henry Bowden, the chief officer, for assaulting him on the 14th instant It appeared from the on fence of the plaintiff, who was stated to be suffering from an accident, that he was sitting on the fore hatch on the day mentioned, when the defendant came up to him, and, asking what he was doing, caught hold of him, pulled him down on to the door, and dragged him as far as the galley Plaintiff then tried to get up, but defendant again seized him and pulled him along to the mainmast lins evidence was corroborated by two other sailors belonging to the same vessel One seaman was called for the defence but it did not appear that he had been in a position in which he could see the occurrence Defendant was fined £2 10s, with a guinea professional costs, and 12s costs of court Mr. O'Sullivan appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Hellicar for the defendant. The plaintiff applied to the Magistrate to cancel his articles, but Mr. Thornton reserved his decision on the point till to day. The only business transacted at the Central Police Court ) yesterday was the bringing up of one drunkard, who was fined 5s., or twelve hours in the lock up AT the departure of the Leicester"", Sydney for Cooktown a few days' ^ exciting scene occurred, which as was' another follow, in the Post La \- .. "ol -outsides the r,,, passengers, some twenty or thirty in opens determined to ".. i.. "A .. J C^nesehaj determined to go by the Leichhardt in had order 'out -Besides the twenty or thirty C y the Leichhardt ," ", then, it was thought, to get on to H, . before the Chinese, an indescribable It To place Two persons were thrown into 'sank one got out easily, but the other e., " * lief . caped drowning He, however, I , , * keep afloat till a rope was thrown t) h or p" fore all who wanted to get on board could a steamer hauled off, leaving m,UJ as 'I had not tickets, but who had but a on 1 and intended paying on the passive \ n 0 T gentlemen who w e e going to Brisbane a very, e lated the one going on With all the. hit " and the other being forced to stay behind 1 v person left behind went quickly to the Q , Quay, and pro cured a boat and made to the Steamer vi she was coming down Dlllln" w box, but was so unfortunate as to me, he Ti! painfulness of his situation may be easily in gmed A digger lost his sw aged, auntie J -perhaps containing all he had in the world. He had previously placed it on the steamer and in the crush was unable to get to it The ' goes on to Cooktown, and he has, to say Yes till he can get another steamer L uiortumttW he had no one on the boat to look after a \y heard several other persons corner Ullin, that they were some of them separated from their friends others from then lugga c At a meeting recently held in the Town Hill, Melbourne, in favor of opening the Pub' e Library, Museum, c, on Sundays, the Rev. Dr Bleasdale made the following speech -'H; said he thought, as a clergyman, he might a press what was the opinion of nearly a fourth of the native population, of?, the Roman Catholics they must remember that he had been i prit i for thirty years, had seen men in many then" tries and of many races, and he had foundry where that these facilities for ratiouaUii]0}UKnt had a most beneficial effect upon ich ion ml morality (Great applause ). He simply climie ] for himself one thing, which was, that during the twenty four years he had been iinon^tthun he had striven to soften down the tents of one set of bigots towards another (tremendous applause) If he had Urt done so he, a homing CitkMic past would not have been placed in the po i tion which he held in connection with the Public Library and Museum, and in his connection with those institutions he had striven to find his opinions on this subject into effect If it is a difficult thing for him, as in individual, 6 lb associate himself from the position he held in the church, but he had no need to do so in this matter, for no one approved more of the move ment which was sought to be carried out the his bishop, who had often urged him, n lan his private secretary, together fruit-, in the-, duet tion The Roman Catholic knew what the observance of the Sabbath meant It is" an essential duty that he should attend Dit nie er viz' in the morning, and having due. that, he might attend to any thing which was in it servile work He had already put his skill on the s matter into print, so he need not detain than by any lengthy remarks, but he was con nee that the sooner we adopted in every day life the of habits and customs of outdoor live in Southern Europe, the better would it be for them. It was only consistent that they should do so not young from a climate in which they were of necessity driven into the house, to one where of one sity they vi o of dr lv ed out of it (Apphihc ) 1 to. sell cure for larrikinism was not in great jr canes, but in adopting the habits of Spain, Portugal, and Italy, where it had been found near silk to pure ide out-door exercises for the jo ith Give them plenty of fresh an, all day would be glad to get to bed without doing in that line was great move towards breaking down old bigot, and he trusted it would become Great applause THE AT a remarkable manifestation of the limits of eighty called spiritualism, for which our train neighbors me so famous, Ins declared itself there in a new phase So accustomed! are the good people of Melbourne, however, to fit. v engines of the peculiar sect who believe in the plenary inspiration of tables, that beyond busy chronicling the fact alluded to in their col imnF, the new speers make no reference at all they or An inquest was held in one of the iii use-, of Melbourne upon the body of a child and I Finest Augusto Nelson, who died flour mill in motion of the peritoneal membrane It was sited at the inquest that the father of the Li 1 brought to see him " a clan v o mt named r Eliza beth Armstrong ' This lady exercised array tical powers, and prescribed for the boy, box without success , though it was state 1 16 at medical witnesses that her pi descriptions is 11 > harm" The evidence of the spiritual does it is sweetly brief and impressive - I had both As strong, medical court o mt, 1 will street, deposed that she saw the one and on the evening of the 21st So, teunVr it the request- of" the father, who said that first doctors had seen the child and given him up She found the child in what she considered the last stage of typhoid fever The heel vi is a state of great inflammation, and the brain is in a state of inflammation She did not evince e the pulse, not understanding anything about it She recommended that the deceased should be given some raspberry leaf tea, and other tea, to relieve the brain, and that he should then be given jelly diet, and nothing solid witness did not know what part of the holy was attacked in typhoid fever She knew nothing except when one was in the removal We It would be ungallant were we to add to this admission and not much then, but a tie spiritual relief of inflammation of the brain. u raspberry leaf tea, we will consent to abide by nieieenthl} prescriptions As the doubt. to Denmark remarked, in the time of rain Claudius, " It needs no ghost, may ord, loans. from the grave to tell is that of Achunit' assistant would have given more v the Wenn: r station for sixpence, and a pit ticket the theatre Yet lesson, sermon, believe 1 in s s Armstrong's powers As soon is he heard w deceased was lU he took him from his. cross and had a woman named Armstrong to " line, thinking that was the only vyw a save his life It is luck and the spirits did not suggest loud boiled easier hot rum and milk instead of red berry toa S ii ely the madness of the voy ance has been exposed sufficiently m i folly of table rapping made often manifest . ' men go on believing Miss Armstrong was well known to investigators of "phenomena She published a book in Melbourne, in which recorded how she learned Greek »»**'?* master, translated Latin without a dictions. and was " floated through the air by spirit, is charitable to suppose her insane, a i j rumor 8a}sthatawell known medical practitioner in Melbourne diagnoses the Less T fe., patients by spiritual assistance, and yet according to his "inner promptings ., wonder that the be at of Victoria bodies so that it has the mostmaguieçent miiMu the Southern Hemisphere We do "not j the quacks they would be more Stations did they resist the temptation to £ a crew of eager fools. iVs Mckenna oned to bowing worshippers on. a would be dupes and T Townsend J . ort -"Specialities" in the Queenslander Mr Hoskins, a Melbourne^sohcitor,cr- uses in the newspapers his fee for every as, tion of legal proceedings In "Talk of the Town, in the Melbourne Herald, we find the following -A lady has recently died in the Bellarine district, who in her day played a brave part in the management of the affairs in the community amidst which she resided Her name was Dodgson and she was the widow of a clergyman, but before she married she had distinguished her self by the energy of her character and the common sense pinch she imported into all business, public 01 private She i glided over the first meeting of the Bell Swann Road Board, and on many occa- sions spoke manfully in the mists of the ratepayers Some years ago the public mind was exercised on the question of toll- Mr Thomas, a local representative, addressed a meeting" in favor of tolls , whereupon Miss New combe who was in a spring cart horse and deliver ed Demosthenes 01 ation against toll", and beat Mr 1 homes out of the held But better than her qualities as a. public w oil in, she pos ses ed those private virtues of charity and benevolence which endeared her to all, and which earned her the most touching tribute to her worth-the love and veneration of every man, woman, and child in the district in which she lived so many years It is refreshing to turn from the spectacle of fashion and fast living to Note the simple, pine, and useful life of this admirable lady A large and very handsome banner, which has been manufactured in Dublin by Messrs. Fry and holding, and arrived in this colony by the steamship Durham, was exhibited yesterday evening at St Patrick's Hall, in Bourke street. The bonnet is constructed in two puts, a foot and severe, each of which measures 12 feet by 10 feet, and is constructed of green bush poplin woven for the purpose, and bichedwith light comes the of rent side bears a large picture, painted by F 6 0 Hea, of Dublin, representing St Patrick in full canonicals, standing on the edge of a lake, with his foot on a set pent s head, on the banks of the lake stand portions of a Mined Abbey, an lush cross, and towns The picture, which is one life she, is surmounted by a scroll, on which are worked the words "St Patrick's Society, another set oil under one ith "bearing the date of the establishment of the society A meath consisting of ivy and slum lock leaves encircles the picture, the flag being sm rounded by a handsome gold border in the left hand corner the Australian ensign, ben i in the Union Jack and Southern Cross, is worked, the other corners being filled with ferns em broulee ed in with heavy gold w n e 1 her even the side of the branch is also manufactured of green bush poplin, tinged deeply with gold ; the design being a sunburst, embroidered all in gold, surmounting the hat up, on one side of which is an Irish w off hound, and on the other an oak tree A wreath of ferns and oak leaves, also worked in bullion, surrounds the whole, the remaining space being filled with silk or shaun rocks and the Australian ensign in the left hand comer Above the sunburst appears a scroll bearing the motto, "Erin go Bush, and below the help another on which are worked the world's, ' St Patrick's Society The hop is sad to be a copy of that belonging to Brian Boru, which is now in the Dublin Museum It is a very handsomely executed work, and is thickly studded with lush gems The banner has cost about 2300, and is the most got geous piece of workmanship of its kind in the colonies. It was on view for about six weeks in Dublin before being shipped for Melbourne, and was visited by thousands of poisons Melbourne he sec The lines thus refers to the quarrel between two of the actresses at the Opera House, Melbourne, mentioned in one of our telegrams There was again a large attendance at the Opera House last night, to witness the performance of "La Fille de Madame Angot, and everything went with customary good effect until the encore of the duet between Lange and Clanette- the well known "squatter scene in the third act It has been obvious that a strong in all j his existed between the two ladies who represent the parts, from the last time the work was presented to the Melbourne audience Such a feeling is not unnatural both been ladies who play on Is of equal value, and strive their utmost for the pride of pi ice in public estimation Under good guidance in this direction, the audience get the highest development of the actresses and singers talents , but, left to themselves and without such guidance, the activities in this case are becoming an offence on the stage, an obstruction to the pen for mance, an obstacle to the success of the manager s undertaking, and a nuisance to the public Lost night, between hugging each other and pulling caps, Miss Thompson and Miss Winston let it be seen that they went e angry in earnest and the audience, as he came to see good acting had to put up with a row between two scolds Miss Thompson committed the fault of leaving the stage, and Miss Winston, who was equally culpable in the dispute, was quick witted enough to take advan tage of the situation, to double her part, sing what was left of the music for Miss Thompson, and achieve a spurious victotyoiot a man at the expense of good taste, good looks, good voice, and good nature The Sydney correspondent of the S M Herald at I ran, in deser thing how the annexation idea was regarded by the white settlers in the islands, says -' Making the 1 man group a Crown colony of a rather severe type - seemed from a collection (and possibly f i ora experience) not altogether acceptable to certain of the white residents even when it came to them with the comfort table assurance that it was impossible to leave the islands to themselves the enormous debt of £87 000 was deemed a comparatively small matter in view of the interests involved, of the fertility of the group to be annexed, and of the greatness, and wealth of the nation by which this annexation was to be brought about-but almost every respectable white resident here seems to have been utterly astonished and confounded at the antecedent proposition laid down by the Minister, that if the cession of the islands is to be accepted and it would appeal to be taken for granted that the Fijian authorities are to have no option but to cede the Bia tish Crown must have a light of preemption in all the lands This weighty condition that the and must follow the rule which has been adopted elsewhere, and grants be all made from the Crown has acted like a douche of cold water upon the sides of the most eager and influential of the annexa- coasts and it proved unquestionably the cause of the absolute failure of the public meeting here on Wednesday last week On that occasion, the 16th instant, the meeting of planters called for at M'Cnllums Comment cud Reading rooms, for the purpose of arranging present series for i planters address to His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, wished thinly attended There were, says the Tyr 'fines, 'only ten or twelve planted s present, and consequently nothing it is done The severe down colony type, and the proposed arrangements as to the titles for land, have proved to be most unwelcome conditions to both of the two classes of white west dents-those whose opinions and interests should be most anxiously consulted, and those who will use or be disposed to have very for vent admiration for any kind of Government, least of all one of severe Crown type So that we necessarily remained for several days after the late important news of an apathetic (not to say sullen) state, waiting, like Mr Micawber, to see what would turn up next A LETTER is published in the Lyttelton Press of October 2, from a man named H E M Smythe, stating that he captured two in of areas at Brown mg s Pass on September 20 Smythe says, when he was near the top of the saddle his dogs suddenly set off at a great pace, and commenced barking furiously He followed, and after going a short distance, to his inexpressible astonishment saw two large birds, one of % gigantic height, and one smaller On seeing the dogs getting the worst of the fight, he ran back and cooeyed" to his mate, after which he got a tether rope, and under shelter of a small patch of bush 30s behind the largest budgeted it at first, when he took a turn round a birch tree with the rope Contrary to expectation the large bud did not show fight to any great extent, and the smaller one remained quietly by After this he had little trouble to secure the legs of the large bird, and left it fastened to a tree for two cups, the young one making no effort to leave its mother On the following Thursday, with the assistance of Frampton's shepherds, he took the old bird to the camp, the young one following The old bird is 8ft. high, and the "young one 5ft The former appears reconciled to captivity 