ARCHDEACON DENISON ON THE CON FESSIONAL. Archdeacon Denison*( Anglican) in preach ing on Sunday before the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Bishop of Bath and Wells, and the Mayor and Corporation in the Wells Cathedral, dwelt at considerable length on the severe crisis through which; he said, the Church of England was now passing in connection with the question of confession and absolution. Of the abate ment of that severity he saw no prospect. A glorious opportunity was now vouchsafed to the reformed Church of England to come to une ironc. xu was required or every mem ber of the Church who found himself unable to quiet his conscience by confession to God to go to God's priest to confess himself. It was an integral part of the commission re ceived of the Holy Ghost by every priest at the hand of his bishop that he should hear the penitent's confession, and when he saw fit give him absolution. The words spoken by Jesus Christ to His disciples on the day of the resurrection, when He cave the mission to evangelize the world in His name, were put by the Church into the mouths of her bishops when they conferred the order of priesthood : '' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest of the Church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained.' But in the face of the plain natural meaning of the words in St. . John's Gospel and the parallel places in Holy Scripture, it was commonly denied here in England that Jesus Christ gave to man the power to forgive or withhold the forgiveness of sins in His name, and it was contended, therefore, that the Prayer Book could not mean what it said on behalf of the Reformed Church. .Now, it was a danger ous thine:, especially in a country where people liked plain speaking, to tell them that the Scriptures or the Prayer Book did not mean what they said ; and he affirmed in the most formal way that the premises and the conclusion were alike false. Private confession andi absolution had shared the common fate of truths obscured by man's misuse or disuse, or both, and when the Providence of God revived the perception of truth obscured and of pious observances neglected, it was part of the punishment of past blindness and unthankfulness that the revival, instead of being welcomed as being, what it was, an outpouring of the Spirit, was regretted as in itself unsound and untrue. If Scripture said one thing in Eng land and the Times newspaper another, 500 out of 510 people would believe the Times. A primary truth of the Gospel, an observ ance under given conditions, imperative on priest and people, a law and ordinance of the Church, testified byjthe greatest names, had fallen with doubt, but that it still ex isted as a law in some shape could not be denied. After some further observations, the Archdeacon went onto say that the two places in which the doctrine of private con fession and absolution was set forth in the Prayer Book were the order of the adminis tration of the Lord's Supper and that for the visitation of the sick, and towards the close of his address contended that to restrict confession and absolution to the deathbed or to cases of gross sin was very like restricting repentance to such cases. He cited the names of forty-two archbishops and. bishops and twenty-nine priests of the Reformed Church who had borne testimony to what he maintained was the true teach- \ ing respecting confession, addling that these ', names did not represent the whole value, much less the amount of the testimony, any moie than the memorial of the 483 clergy represented the value of the amount of earnest longing within the Reformed Church for the several things set down in it. The archdeacon also quoted a passage from the ' Bampton Lectures,' written by the present Bishop of Salisbury, in favour of confsssion and absolution, alleging that the great defect in the passage was that it seemed to restore confession and absolution to the dying bed. The Archbishop con cluded by expressing his gratitude to the Almighty that priests by thousands were teaching and practising private confession, and that the laity by tens of thousands were rejoicing in the comfort which was thus afforded: 