OAseT?rNo H? r OUT.-After a revival meet ing held in Dundoe a scoffing youth who remained to attend the " anxious inquirers' meeting" asked one of the mninisters with great assumed gravity " whether he could work a miracle or not!" IHe had not to wait long for a satisfactory reply, for the reverend gentleman seizing him firmly by the shoulders replied, "we cannot work miracles, but we can east out devils," and suiting the action to the word, pitched his young friend bodily outside the church door which was immediately closed in his face. The anxious inquirer disappeared rapidly in the darkness, leaving the minister entirely master of the situation. Jose BIL~rNos oe GAosTs.-A ghost iz about two foot seven inches in height, and weighs from four to six ounces. They are of the maskulineo and feminine nattr, but prinoi pally nutur. They aint afraid ov nothing, and will sang around a graveyard az kareless as a skoolboy will around an orchard in green apple time. They are like a grate moony other things in this world-often heard ov, but seldum seen. I will giv fifteen hundred dollars to see a ghost, and two hundred and fifty dollars more to own one; but i want one kasght whole and not hurt. Mi friend Phineas T. Barnum will take a whole drove ov them at the sadie price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Therefore, bring your ghosts. Ghosts allwns dress in a wite nitegown sort of rig, and are the qsickest that have ever been trotted out yet. Their ordi nary gait in a mile in a seekund; but it is saed for a turse they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in publik for munny; private time is allwus suspiebus. Whi don't some of our agricultural heboss-trot assosiashuns offer a ghlost puss, free for all ghosts. It would draw like a musturd plaster in the month of August. So it would. TsIE GREATNESS THAT NEVEIT DES0oNDS TO RsEAD NEWSPAPBRu?.--A respeotalle man has been defined as one who keeps a gig; but a cut far above your respectable man is the man who does not read a newspaper. Mem bers of the two houses of parliament never read newspapers. They would not, indeed, touch a newspaper with a pair of tongs. No great snan, no one pretending to importance, ever avowed that ihe read anything of which he had to complain, or upon which he had to comment, in a newspIsper. It is always "broughst under his notice," or "his attention was drawn to it." Never doesit come natar ally in hiis way in the course of his daily read ing. Thie fact is always brosgnht to his kltowledge, as hIis articles of dress and use are brougiht to hiis hands. lie is waited aon with the news concerning himself, and would no more think of learning it by the use of his own eyes than he would think of brushing his own clothes or cleaning his own boots. All good folks have got frienods who read for them. We are always mightily impressed when we see or hear that some one " has had his attoention drawn to certain comments," which every one else has read with his own eyes.-Albany Fonblanque. TIIE TERROR OF A NcEIGtIBOURHsOOD.-At the Richmond petty sessions, Charles Kerwin, army surgeon, of 13, Aleoxandra terrace, Richmond, was charged, with assaulting Nathaniel Bradbury ;Ra gar doner. Complainant said that on the 3rd instant he was going home, when defendant charged him with a broom as if he were charging with a baypnet. Witness received a blow on the face, and defendant then turned the broom round and struck him a harder blow on the side of the heaod. In self-defence witness caught hold of the defendant's leg and threw him down, and then made his escape. Defendant was drank. Police-constable Dibben said he saw the latter part of the souffle between defendant and complainant. When witness appeared defendant ran in-doors, opened the bedroom window, and threw a looking glass at witness. Inspector Mo Laren said the defendant, who was living retired, was the terror of the neighbourhood in which he resided. He was given to drink, and owing to his violent conduct his wife frequently had to seek shelter in the neighbours' houses. Complainant said he only wanted protection; he did not wish to press the charge severely. The chairman said a fine would not meet the case. The magistrates had to consider the protection of the public as well as the complainant. Defendant must go to prison for a month with hard labour. Defendant, who seemed astounded at the sentence, and asked the bench to re- consider their decision, was then removed in custody. -Lloyd's Weekly. A OAT WIIIPPED DY ROBINs.-An exciting contest was witnessed in the court-house yard the other day, says the Genesee Repub lioan, between a cat and some robins, that is worth chronicling. A robin had a nest under the north stoop of the court-house, and on Friday her young brood of robins made their first attempt to fly. As one poor, half fledged bird was laboriously flying near the ground, a tigerish-looking oat spied and gave chase. The bird flew as best it could, but the cat's swift, stealthy tread gained upon it, and the fate of the bird seemed sealed. But its terrified cries brought relief, and just as the cat pounced upon and seized it in her mouth, half-a-dozen old robins lit on her back with a fury that was perfectly aetonishing to her catship and dropping her prey she incontinently turned tail and flew across the yard, the relentless robins pursuing her with the greatest fury, and filling the air wich their revengeful cries. Not until the cat took refuge in an adjoining building did the birds give up the chase, and return to the young bird. E?xTRaonDINAY PRICES p0 On O m CIIA. The three splendid pieces-a centre "Vale seau h M~at" and two jardinidres-belonging to Lord Coventry, which were sold by Messrs. Christie, Maeaoson, and Woods, on June 12, fetched the large sum of £10,500. They were the last lot in the sale, which included several other very fine samples; but the in terest culminated in these, and they were put up amidst. considerable applause at a first bid of 5000 guineas. They went on rapidly in bids of a hundred till they reached the sum of ten thousand guineas, at which there was a pause, till the hammer fell to this bid from Mr. uRatter. It was said that Mr. Rutter was acting on a commission from Baron Rothschild of Paris. The following were the highest prices realised for other objects of Sevres and Chelsea china:-An oriform vase, 13 in. high, exquisitely painted with a camp scene, and military trophies on the reverse, by Meori, £1837 10s.; a set of three oval-shaped jardinires, rose du Barri, with white and gold foliate handles, painted with large subjects of exotic birds, by Alonde, and flowers in medallions, the centre one six inches high, and the side-pieces 4, inches, £2572 10s.; a pair of vases of rare form, the handles being nozzles for candles, tur quoise, painted with Chinese figures and flowers, 9 inches high, £525; a cup and saucer, exquisitely painted with two seaports, by Maorin, with Oupids and wreaths of foli age in blue, £241 10s. The Chelsea sold for equally good prices. A cup and cover painted with exotic birds, £240 10s.; a vase, not in the catalogue, sold for £400; a fine crimson vase, with pierced neck and cover, scroll handles and foot, painted with group of five Chinese figures in a garden, 21 inches high, £1680; a pair of oriform vases, with crimson feet and necks, scroll handles, beautifully painted with flowers, 12 inches high, sold for £724 10s. Oumlous TEA'rsIc L DrvonRoE OASE. --In the court of divorce, Sir James Hannen had before him the case of Radcliffe v. Radcliffe and Symonds, which was a husband's peti tion for a dissolution of marriage on the ground of his wife's adultery. Neither the respondent or co-respondent appeared to contest the suit. The petitioner said that he was a professor of the flute, and now performed at Coveont-garden. About eighteen months after the marriage, his wife, much against his wish, rode at the public show of horses. He remonstrated with her'; but although she pretended to accede to his wishes, she did not do so. She introduced the co- respondent as a gentleman whom she had met at the agricultural hall, and who had protected her. In July, 1872, witness went to Scarborough, and his wife joined him there. Witness was at the Spa saloon, and saw Symonds there, and the respondent wont and met him. Witness did not men tion it at the time ; but they subsequently came across him as they were walking out together. Witness spolke to his wife when they were alone; but she denied that there was anything wrong between her and the co-respondent, and seemed so sorry for her conduct that witness forgave her, and they came to London together. In March, 1872, the respondent was not well, and for change of air went first toBrighton and then to her friends in Yorkshire. She came back in May of the same year, and during the next month witness consulted his solicitor and his friend Oaptain Briggs. His solicitor saw the respondent, and she promised to give up Symonds, but would not relinquish the rid ing in public. She soon after left, and wit ness did not hear of her again until he saw an advertisement, which showed that his wife was at Boston. Witness went there, and found his wife at the hotel, and Symonds was there. A few days alto,', she was at Orewo, and witness saw her. She then explained that Oaptain Symonds had a valuable horse, and that by riding it in dif. ferent parts of the country she had a pecu niary advantago from it. After this inter. view, witness accompanied his wife toLiver. pool, and before he returned to London to his engagements, he asked his wife to an company him; but she refused. Witness subsequently received an application from a woman at Norwich for payment for the sup. port of a child to which thle respondent gave birth in March, 1873, but of which he was not the father. It was then ascertained that at that time the co-respondent wrote to a lady at Norwich, requesting her to engage apartments for himself and Mrs. Radoliffe; and that he accompanied her to Norwich, and remained with her until after her con fnement, when they both proceeded to Scarborough, leaving the child at nurse. It further appeared that the co-respondent re mitted money to the woman who had charge of the child on hearing of the application to the petitioner, and that he and the respond ent lived together for some time at Chester. Evidence having been given of the respond ent's confinement at Norwich, Sir James Hannoen granted a decree nisi for a dissolu tion of the marriage, with costs. S0oolrIos ACOcIDENT WITIH DYNAMITE. The Otago Daily Times of August 29, reports that one of those fearful accidents to mining and navvy operations occurred yesterday morning, at that section of the Dunedin and Mloeraklti railway-works known as the Deborah Bay tunnel. Amongst other materials used by the contractors in driving the tunnel is dynamite, or giant powder, an explosive substance of much greater power than ordinary powder, and safer to handle if proper precautions are taken with it. i In its ordinary condition, when stored. up: for use, it is absolutely non-explosive, a certain process saving to be adopted to develope:the' tremendous expansive force that lies latent within it. This process is simply to soften the dynamite by the application of steam; so prepared it becomes charged with terrific power. The Messrs. cl Kenzie state that extraordinary care in preparing the dynainite for use has always been taken, and as arnle, one or other of them attended to the opera tion. In the meodus operandi the only:ap pliances used were a large-sized billy fitted with a movable perforated false bottom. The false bottom rests on four legs, and:lhas a handle springing from the centre. When a portion of dynamite is to be prepared; a certain quantity of water is put into the billy, and the latter is then placed on the fire until the water boils ; then it is removed, the false bottom is inserted, and on this is placed the dynamite to be acted upon. ,The billy is then covered, and allowed to stand until'the water becomes nearly cold. The steam rising through the perforations acts upon the dynamite by softening it, and it is then ready for use: The accident was caused by an:ex plosion of dynamite. It appears that, very soon after the men on the day shift, James Renshaw, first-class workman and a most careful and reliable man, went away:.to obtain some charges of dynamite, and Mr. McKonzie not being in the way, he proceeded to prepare it himself. As he was in a huriy, he was guilty of too much haste, for, instead of first boiling the water, then putting in the false bottom and dynamite after the billy had been taken off the fire, he placed the false bottom with the dynamite in it into the dcold water, and then proceeded to boil the water. All this took place in the smithy just outside the cutting. Besides Renshaw, there were present Alexander Simpson, the blacksmith, and John Simms, a miner engaged abolut the works. From what we can gather of the lamentable occurrence, Renshaw held the billy over the fire and worked the bellows, whilst Simms and Simpson were standing on one side. There were about twelve ounces of dynamite in the billy. Suddenly. there was an awful explosion that blew the smithy to pieces, killed Raoshasy and seriously wounded Simpson and Simms. The men who were working in the cutting rushed to the scene, and found Renshaw dead, horribly mangled, with his howels protruding,.. and head shattered; whilst the other men were stretched upon the ground-one of them (Simpson) being covered with flesh wounds, caused by the whirlwind of missiles which were set in motion by the explosion. Simms was not so much hurt, his principal wound being in the leg. Incog.-A wag says that "machinery wheels are generally so modest that they travel in cog." . . Wanted. to know.--Kad the girl who was buried in thought any grave idea ? Is it not a bad time to talk of urning the dead, while so many honest people'are unable to earn a living . A Parisian definition ofa beautiful womian -the paradise of the eye, and the purgatory of the purse. 