EXCITING RACE.—BICYCLE Y. HORSE.;: I About eight hundred people, entered Lilhe, Bridge' Grounds recently, to witness a race of .twenty miles for £25. inside.. The competitors were John Keeii,' of Surbiton, the champion, bicycle rideri imd Polly, .a good pony, belonging to Mr. Cooper, of ^Birmingham. Just before tlie start' some discussion took place between the persons most- interested in the contest as to whether the quadruped should be allowed to.vun over any portioii of the course its rider might choose,' or whether bicyclist should have an even track left for him. A few horsey, men .present expressed :an opinion that the rider of Polly ought toYbe.'allowed to steer where hepleased, ■but the backers of the • bicyclist objected,-that after ten miles had been ridden there would be no part of the cinder path fit for a bicycle to itravel<>over.--''A-- compromise was' effected by the disputants agreeing that Keen shbuld give an advantage of a lap, or one- sixtieth ofu the. .itwenty miles, . on the ; understand ing that Polly's rider kept that estimable quadruped ' on-'the near side of the track all round. In tlie:/straight run down to the pavilion.a cord separated the tracks of man;and Dealt;-' and' there Polly was' always on the out side; but over that portion of the course nearest to the railway she was kept as close to the inside of' tlie track' as' possible. The 'effect was soon perceptible on the bicyclist, who labored very much over the rough ground, which, apart from the looseness caused by the hoofs, was not in the best possible order for bicycling. In the face of these adverse circumstances the result of the ! contest, so, far as it went, must be considered very satisfactory to those numeroiir amateurs who are interested in bicycling. Keen rode a 55-inch " Eclipse " of his own manufacture; the riderVof jtlie pony weighed under 9 st. Tlie competitors were started at 3 li. 25 mins. 45 sees.,, when Keen, in spite of his large wheel, led past the' pavilion, and went steadily away from the pony. He rail'the first mile in 3 mins. 45 sees'., and the second mile: in 3 mius. 40 sees. In the seventh lap, where tlie pony was pulled, Keen had picked up 200 yards, but by the time he had reached the . end of. the third mile (run in 3 mins. 32 sees.) Polly seemed to be getting the best of tlie race, and the backers of ..horseflesh against, humanity grew very noisy. Both biped and quadruped ran well through the. fourth and-fifth mile, which Keen, who gained steadily, traversed in 3 mins. 37 sees., 3 min. 42 sees., completing the first five miles in •18 mins. . 16 sees.1 The sixth mile was ridden'in 3 mins: 39 sees, by the bycyclist, who had gained more, than. 300 ,yards :6n the trotter.' In the twentieth lap Keen was at the top of the straight leading to the pavilion before the.pony..reached the bottom of it. He rode the seventh mile in .3,- niins.^i-i; sees., anil continued to gain oil his four-footed foe during the eighth mile, which he covered in 3 mins. -46 sees. As' they, passed the pavilion, amidst, great excitement, at the com mencement of ■ tlie' twenty- fifth' lap,' the bycycle rider was only five yards behind Polly. As he ranthrough the- twenty-six and twenty-seventh laps the rough roacl'' told upon the man, anil the mare ran away from' him. He, however, 'accom plished the' ninth mile in 3 liiins. 55 sees., and doubling down, to his. work over the. rough grouud,.the three-succeeding laps in : 3 mins.: 51 sees., thus completing the ten miles, or half the distance, in 37 mins. 11 sees. During the eleventh and twelfth miles, which were run in 3 mins. 59 sees, and 4 mins. 3 sees, respectively,' the ; bycyclist waited > on;. the pony, and the majority of the Birmingham division became less demonstrative.,. No special effort was made by either competitor during tlie thirteenth mile,.completed-.by Keen in 3 mins. 52 sees., but in the first lap of the fourteenth he caught Polly at the top of the course, and led in a quarter of a mile by seventy or eighty yards. At this unexpected exhibition of power a gen tleman went oif in a fit, which rather worried Keen; he, however, rode ous completed the four teenth mile iii 3 mins. 35 sees., and, still running steadily away from the pony, the fifteenth in 3 mins. 40 sees., or 50 mins. 20 sees., from the start. , .When, the bicyclist .was running the forty-seventh round Polly'.was pulled up very much beaten, anil her' opponent finished the sixteenth mile at his leisure in 4 mius. 45 sees. In'the second lap of the seventeenth mile the pony was led oif the course', and her backers notified to Keen that they did not require him to finish the distance. Polly was well ridden throughout. ./.The: amateur' and' professional bicyclists, of, the , metropolis were, ;well repre sented on the grotiuds, and the attendance, after allowing for thealiurenients of horseflesh, may be taken as a proof of the growing interest which attaches to tlie practice of bicycle- riding: —Geeloiig Advertiser. , _ . " The Noktiikrx Tekiiitoiiv.—Tiio,'following telegrams liave been received from Palinerston; Saturday—'There • are a few cases of fever,but the season is generally healthyi! The hospital 'is'completed, and .a.committee of management has'been appointed. ' Tlie .Government surveyors are laying out the. township : of Tumbling Waters..., Mr.. Phillip .Sanders,, of ;the LTnioii Keef . prospecting claim, reports that ten tons of stone were crushed! '.The' Telegraph Company's battery lit . Howley' Creek yielded , 1,500 ozs. of amalgam, and.retorted. The result is 771 ozs. 9l dwts. gold. . ; A Suspicious Case.—Tlie Ballarat' eorres pondent'of the Aryus writes:—" Some very sus-: 'picious circumstances in; connection' 'with ' tlie 'death of. tiie widow Jl'Gowan have come to tlie' liiipwledge. of' tlie police,, aiid tlie inedical(man| wlVo,' has examined the body: gives it as. his opinion that deceased was recently,confined of,a child, and appearances in the house help to con-, firm his opinion; but-those who were with the; woman ..deny all .knowledge of such an event. and.no trace of the body of an.infant can be found. ■ . . . : <■ MANsr.AUOHTEit.—We (Courier) learn by tele-: -gram—that'Wishocking case of manslaughter uuuurred at Pigguieet un Saturday evening. mau named Patterson, died, .shortly after a": drunken quarrel1 with a' man' named Thomas! Purseyi About seven o'cloekj-Pursey-entered a; -hutiin which'Patterson1 lived'with his sister; Mrs.! 'Ann Thompson.6 -Patterson1 Trent "out for a few: 'minutes, and-theif returned and: put1 Piirsey out.: The two' then 'fouglit"outside";fo'r about teni ; minutes:,, Pat terson fel 1 twice/ and was'at .1 eiigtli, carried into the tiut/bjntwb men./,Vile,appealed i to'one of' theiu^whetlier the fight was fair, and; died in about five minutes. The coroner after-! wards; .held^aniinquest, on .-the,remains, and Dr.; Foster,, who made the post-mortem examination,, 'stated''the.'cause'-oiC'.'death'tb'liave been effusion; lof blood oii tlifi .Eurface. of. tlie .brain,"jwliioh' ."liiiglifhave;ibeen'.causedby>a blow on the head. .Tiiejp, wqs nothing..eise discovered to account for' death, A verdict of manslaughter was returned; against Pursey, who-was in custody at the in- ; quest,vandt he was.'.committed-- to take his trial: at j{he,',next sittiug- of ithe. BaHaratGepeyal Sessions..;" ^; '^;Eatat/-Mining* Accident.—A'; shockirigraiid .'fatar- accident-' occurred at Glunes on' Sunday afternoon, about four o'clockl John'Mattheson, bracemah at 'the; liothair' Exteiided • shaft, fell from the surface-to' the1-bottom "oftlie shaft; a 'distance-"of over '300 feet; ••He struck, tlie'cage aiid was! instantaneously killed-.—Courier./! ili " .Sl'.'Vci: .- lli.'i--. ,v£>£.>:-<-_ 'l.ii A Fatal Accident happened on:' Moiidn.y night, we learu from the Aryus, to John Clark, a. boy nine, years of age, son.of Mr. David G. Clark,' of'tlie' Stalford tannery;'liiclimohcl! -' Tlie boy had-been (out eoursing;.witli .two of Mr., Clark's rrricn} 'and® as'tliey were 'coming back to i town by the Sydney road they turned ofli at the ! Sarali Sands-:'Hotel 'to' come'through the Koyal j Park;; yTheyi were^ jn-,a sprjng-cart,- dra>yn by \ one Si ilr'. jClark^s horses,," a fluiet animal, and as they't:turhcd"'bft''the'"i6ad'''tHe0axie broke, ! which caused the horse to swerve with the cart' on to^.^heap^of^broken stones,lyingtb^^hejrjad. bu^.inVia^sppV'jvher^.unfortunately,-, the', horse roilad':,DCTC'i oh f a})d paused injuries, which resulted inliisdeatl), ' i Z '*"'Xi.':NEV.uii'''SlAS(iDEUADE.—An Austin Oity (Nevada)' newspaper, enjoying' the alliterative title of the Reese River Reveille, contains a somewhat original description of a masquerade ball given at the capital on the 29th of January. The delicate task of describing the appearance of. the guests was evidently undertaken with great . diffidence ,by the Rcveille)s reporter, who admits'at the' outset • that "costume'ain't his forte." 1 The following, are among the most forcibly described characters:—"The Bank" was represented by a1 lady in a black gauze dress covered with imitatjqns of twenty-dollar pieces. " Had they been genuine (says'tlie reporter) "she w6uld'not.have,got out"of the house witha^rjig bn'-lier back'.". "Night" was. similarly, re'pre sented, "lacking the; soap.''? A. lady; who apr, peared "as a " ghastly, gaping, ghostly, ghost caused our deputy, to recollect about one per .cent, o£ l)is sins." The"l)elle" is described in the following glowipg language:—'' Tl)e mo?t goPr geous, stunning, high-toned, richest, iirstest-elas sest, nicest, or any other adjectlvecostume in the outfit was that worn by Miss Pranlcie Clark.1 She was the stunningest, gayest,and gallusest-dressed gal iu the room. She appeared as a page, and' both costume and action were as perfect as a big sunflower." The most noticeable among the gentlemen were two friends .as harlequins, one of. whom is described as being " spry as a camel," aud a gentleman as fool or clown, whose costume is said to be " fitted for either." " A soldier of the Legion"" didn't lay dying in Algicrs;'but was probably lying in Gal's ears." Don Cie'sar ie flaw was « gorgeous and stunning," • " " 