ECITUGA, SA-PURDATJ OCTOBER-31, 1874. It has become rathervtoo.Tmuch. the fashion of late to regard all youthful escapades as amounting to something very much like a crime; whicK'is designated'by a silly slang term, " larrikinism." The public mind has been lashed into a state of imbocile fury be- j cause the boys of the colony are not meek and docile as so many lambs, or do not I en masse conduct themselves with, super human propriety. The old adage that " boys will be boys," is loftily ignored in this colony, where precocity is praised in some of its developments on the one hand, but held up to severe reprobation on the other. "We arc not apologists for blackguardism or ruf fianism in any of its Hydra-headed forms ; but we object to that maudlin sentimentality which discovers au incipient murderer or burglar in every youth whoso animal spirits and love of mischief leads him into a fight, or some not very commendable escapade. Such being onr sentiments, we are glad to see that the/Legislative Council has declined to swallow without due consideration the Crimes aud Offences Prevention Bill, which is specially designed to " stamp out" the larrihinism nuisance. The measure has been referred to a select committee. In the course of the debate, Mr. Sargood made some excellent remarks, which will well repay perusal. On that occasion, he said, " He had a good deal of experience with boys, having some hundreds in his employ, and he found that generally they were not so black as they were painted. They were, no doubt, full of animal spirits, and he was glad to see that it was so, aB he would not like to see our future men devoid of all energy and enterprise. Our climate induced outdoor cxercises, and this brought the youths more together than in many places. Then again, the amount they were able to earn rendered them independent of their parents at a comparatively early age. lie regretted sometimes that this independence was exercised so early, but he thought that in a greater measure this was caused by waut of discipline, management, and moral courage on the part of the parents. But allowing that youths have a certain amount of superfluous energy, he thought it only wanted directing into a proper channel. He thought that employers might do a great deal, of good by promoting football, rowing, and cricket clubs. They might also mix with | employes a little more, and if they gave them | a kindly word and a kindly admonition, if necessary, they would soon iind there would be much less larrikinism than at present. I He was also of opiuiou that if cadet corps ! were established in certain districts in con- j nexion'with the Volunteer corps, that a great | deal of good would be done in improving the | youths. Here, as elsewhere, there was no ! doubt a minority who were utterly beyond | control. He quite agreed with those there j was no better punishment than the lash. These were a class of youths who were ut terly wanting in all feeling of self-respect, and were continually behaving in a most brutal manner. In such cases he believed that a sound flogging would tend to put some feeling into theui. He would also like to see some alt ration in the Masters and Ap prentices Act. He sometimes found a diffi ■ culty in dealing with apprentices. In most cases his remonstrauces and cautions were, sufficient, but in some instances he had to allow the law to take.its course, .and they were imprisoned. ' In siieli cases he thought •it .would be fai'ibetter if the law allowed the inilictiou of a good' figging, as lie did not consider it- desirable t» imprison youths under 16 years of age. The Bill, as a whole;, :was; a'-'good one, bxit he'tliougiit it would'be desiraljle .tO : have,; some, amendments made when it was in committee. lie would not ha,ye;a flogging- inflictel'for a first offence, unless that offence was a cowardly one, and lie would not give one magistrate the power to order a flogging." The 'English. MAiL^^Ordinary letters for 'transmission by theB. WI S". must be posted at the Echuoa postVoffice nM .later than 3.45 p.m. j '6n!Wfe'dnesday:"ith'^ovmb'ernewspapers not l' later 'than 3!l5 • j?. m.;: oi;, Wednesday, ,'44h No j'veiiib'er; :registerdd' letters'at C p.m. on-Tues i'dayi 3rd November.7 j j •• TheBivEKS.^Theiollowiiigaretlieheightsof the BiyersAt1 i. Ecliuca,22ft. ,3ixilSwan Hill,: 12ft'. ' 5in. ; Wshguriyah,' 17ft. lin. ; Al bury,' 12ftr Murruinbidgee at Hay, lift. 5in. r : Sunday'Inquests.—A. question of some im portance, namely that of the right of Coroners to hold inquests.on Sundays is raised by.a correspondent in another column. It is undeni-. able thatih.a climate- like ours, and especially' in,tlie.cases: of bodies recovered after a weeks submergence in the river, there should be the least, possible delay in effecting burial. The particular.case whichlias suggested the letter, of a subscriber" was one of extreme urgency, the .bodjr-.being.already in-such- a - state-as - to be almost unapproachable. Our correspondent has done .good , service .in; pointing; out the legal aspect of the question, if only, tbat it may have the effect of causing inmediate remedial steps to be taken by the legislature. , r ^.The'Mayorship.--The question-of " Who is to be Mayor ?" for ;he ensuing twelve months. :must now.be speedily.-; set at. rest. The official election "wilicomoioff in. the ordinary course'on next. Tuesday ^fortnight, the 17th November, but we have ill-. Shackell's authority for saying' ..that -at ;an early date— he. purposesasking the. members of the council to meet him privately; for the purpose of -coming, if possible to an I amicable understanding. We .are glad to find thatta suggestion we not long ago made to the above effect is in consonance with Ilis Worship's own -,ideas, of-' the _ most ; desirable mode 'of' procedure, and we are therefore emboldened to; throw (out a - furthe'r' Writ. - -Knowing the delicacy of the situation, and the quick sands .-of-- temper-.which -surround; ;the i whole question, we think that if a. resolution wtrj first arrived"at,: that' the candidate'1 having a clear majority should be unanimously supported, the majority could .then be ascertained by ballot. The first ballot might not show an ab solute, majority, and it might become necessary: to exclude the nafte polling, fewest votes and try again; but income such way as this. we fancy a conclusion could be arrived at, which would-;leavet no room for subsequent disputes or' upbraidings. A CoitEECTioN.—In .the Police Court report in our last issue, in_the case of Taylor v. Bur gess, we omitted to state , that Mr. Alceliurst in formed the Court' that though he did not appear for.the, defendant,.^ appeared to-watch the case: on defendant's belialfr • Mr. Akehurst con siders tbat our report makes it appear that he interfered "in "the--case' 'officiously and without "justification—the fact, however, being that he was retained for the defendant, Burgess. The object of-Mr. Akehurst not-appearing fro forma for defendaritiwas;ias ''wei understand, that the defendant might not be held to have waived his right to objet.'cto the insufficiency of the service of tho summons. ; .. : New:Letter Carrier.—The action of the Borough: Council in regard .to the appointment of a second letter carrier for the township of Echuca, has at last borne' fruit. We understand from Mr. A. H. Goggin that he has obtained the temporary appointment, and expects to enter upon his duties at once. We can only say that if the. work is fairly divided, and the , deliveries.effected with anj'thing like an average amount of intelligence and energy, a very appre ciable boon will be conferred upon a large section of the burgesses of Echuca. Special Land Board.—It was yesterday ru mored—and, apparently, on good authority— that the Court-honso had been engaged from tho 10th inst. for the purposes of the long-talked-of Special Land Board. We believe there is no doubt but that the Board will sit on the day named, but up to the time of writing we are ab solutely without information as to its constitu tion or the schedule of cases for hearing. State School Attendance.—We learn from the Head Teacher of the Echuca State School, that the average daily attendance during the two weeks that the new building has been .avail able, is 334, showing an increase of 125 over previous returns. The highest attendance is set down at 350. Selection on the Moira Ron.—On Thurs day, at the Moama Land Office, Mr. Peter Mitchelhill selected 11 blocks of land, amount ing in all to 3493a. 2l\ on behalf of himself and teii children. The young Mitohelhills are it ap pears all adults, except two, and the land is situated in the county of Cadcll, parishes of Gulpa and Moira, on Mr. O'Shanassy's run. Following the requirements of the Act, Mr. Mitchelhilt'3 deposit monies amount to the not inconsiderablo sum of £874 17s Gd. In addition to this investment, Mr. Mitchelhill took 1,500 acres of land, passed in oil Friday, at the upset price of £1 per acre. Mr. Mitchell's Property in High-street realised a price satisfactory to the vendor, though by no means in excess of its value. There was a large attendance in the billiard room of the Echuca Hotel, and after a descrip tive and somewhat comprehensive oration from tho auctioneer, the biddiiig commenced at £3000 and terminated at £4,230, at which figure the property was knocked down to Mr. Henry Luth. The Borough Council has decided to adjourn over Cup Day, and there will consequently be no sitting until tho 11th November. The Pig Question, which so recently we were content to regard as settled and finally disposed of, was not only re-opened at the last meeting of the Borough Council, but reduced again to a state of " unsettlement," which promises to afford ample material for debates to come. Councillor Butcher, evidently stung into a sarcastic vein by the vacillating proclivities of certain of his brother councillors, urged the necessity for haste, lest an infusion of new blood taking the place of some advocate for pigs about to give up the ghost, the scale might again be turned in favor of health and cleanliness. We are inclined to believe that the merits of the vexed question would be most effectually met by adopting a suggestion of the late Councillor Hansen's, by which pigs would be prohibited to be kept within such distances of dwellings—he said, three hundred feet—as would preclude the possibility of their being kept at all in thickly populated localities. At all events we can safely assert that the matter will not be allowed to remain in the unsatisfactory position it has last assumed. Tim Millewa Gi.ub.—On Thursday evening there was a meeting of the Millewa Club, the President in the chair, at which the following gentlemen were unanimously elected members, viz :—John M'Mahon, J. E. Wallis, It. John ston, J. Ward, and C. F. Hoaro. Some routine business was transacted, and several matters of interest to members discussed before the meet ing finally closed. The Sub-Treasury, Echuca.—The following accounts are awaiting payment at this office T. Adair, J. J. Armstrong, Jane Collins, C. Crelketing, P.' Dolierty, Sarah Feely, A. B. Fry,- G. H. Hanson; G. Hanson, J. Mackintosh, W. W. Moore, C. E. Pascoe, W. Potter, J. Ritchie, J; Smith, J. Trainor.—Crown grants— W. Andrew, Henry Bradford, Martain Broad, A. W. Cruden, Joseph Chappel, John Chambers, William- Percival -Dry, - C. Gorman, Thomrts Gibson, James Hill, ' William Hicks. W. Keilen, J ohn Kelly,. William Murrell, Hector Munroe, Thomas McCarthy, John M'Qualter, John O'Brien, Maurice Parker, D. Rankin, Thomas Spencer, Jacob Sternberg, Joseph .Sternbery, HughShaw, Charles Thorogood, Richard Tre vaskis, Edward Tidy, - William Touvley, Thoma3 Williams. Two Crown grants in names of Messrs. Spencer, Seward, Chappel, and Palmer. —List of Unexecuted Leases—W. Clapp, J. Davies, W.-• Doel,- G/ Eisole,: v John Fegan,: J. Ferguson, W. Forsyth, J. Gunn, J. Johnstone, Florence. McCarthy,. N; M 'Rair,' JJ • Nicholson, C. A. Robertson.—List of Executed Leases— J. Baldwin,-J Barry,1 J.'Barrett, S. Beardsley, William. Chapman,, J. Coutts, G., Eisele, Hugh Fulton,' Griffen,' Edward,^Hargist, Frederick' Johnston, E. Littlejohn, _ J. H.. Muller, A. .Munro/J. Murphy, N". Mimro, J: M'Cormici, W. Perren, F. E. Rowci-aft. K Cricket.-^-A maScli-'wiil lbe played at Roches ter on the Prince of Wales'. Birthday,, between the;Rocliester'Griclcefc-Giuliani tile View Point (Sandhurst) club. The Rochester team will be selected from the following gentlemen :—Messrs. S. Seward, .H.Seward,Jones, Tidy ^Thompson, Windridge, ,Cox,, .Gregory,-yM'Losky, y G: Bar row,' H. Barrow,1 /j.^.'phapei, D. Munrp and Watts. Wo hear also' that the Rocliesterites are anxiously waiting for. the forming ;of the Echuca club' so that' they can resume, the ,friendly conr test'of;last-year.;!' Land SalE'At MoAMAv-^Yesterday at 11 a.m. (Sydney time) Mr Maunsell, land, agent, put up ito'aiictioh fifteen -out''of-the twenty'' six blocks advertised to.bc sold.on.tho Moira run, but the land was-, passed ;in:!unsold.' • It appears that eleven of the sections , had been selected by an enterprising father of a family of ton children) and for the rest Mr. 0,Shanessy, though present, did not bid.'-i:; , Echuca School Board op ; Advice.—Mr.. Walter William Moore: has been appointed, by the Governor-in-Council, a member of' this board; ;in;theroom of the late Mr. H. Hansen. „ Sales.-T-We are.requested.to draw attention to the sales advertised ,by Mr. Shackell to take place this .day, consisting of fat cattle and stores at 12 o'clock at tlie.Bridge Yards, growing crops at half past "2'6'clock "at the Bridge Hotel. Carpenter's tools, furniture, <ind timber, at half •past-3 o'clock.- 'Mi'. Shepiierdson' will [sell 'to-; day, at 11 o'clock,,at, the Echuca sale yards, op posite'the! Jolly Waggoner 'Hotel,'" a quantity of fat and store cattle,-calves, carts, &c.; . i i.ui 