The Storyteller. LONG ODDS. CHAPTER XVIII. IN WHICH BOB THINKS ABOUT RETURNING TO AUSTRALIA. BY MARCUS CLARKE. THE days lagged drearily at Matcham. A gloom seemed to have fallen on the old house. The winter sun looked coldly down upon the shivering trees in the park, and the winter wind wailed round about the quaint gables, and whirled the withered leaves hither and thither atwfli Saville Chatteris still preserved a decent out ward show of dignity, but his heart was sore within Vim. It is not a pleasant thing for an old man who has worshipped Mammon and Society all his life long to find that his days wax barren and joyless, and that grim death draws nearer and nearer day by day. Yet the old man mm gradually confessing to himself that his life hod been a mistake. He had heaped up for himself no riches of affection or honor, and the moth and rust of ennui and satiety were cor rupting the sordid treasures of worldly respect that he hod toiled for so long and so earnestly. The tUath of his firstborn weighed heavy on him* The good name of the Chatteris family had been the idol of his life ; and his second son had, in his father's eyes, disgraced that good name, for ever. Cyril Chatteris, whatever he might be to the world, was to his father a dishonest and dis honored man. The skeleton had been hidden, it is true,—had been wrapped up and put away in a doubly-locked closet, and ito ghastly bones covered with the sweet-smelling herbs of repent ance and promise of amendment But it was there nevertheless. The accounts of his son's doings had not been cheering. That good fellow, Dacre, who had been instructed by Mr. Saville Chatteris with the task of Bteering Cyril's back through the shoals and quicksands of youth, wrote diligently of his protig€» progress; but the letters were not satisfactory. They did not report any new crime, or any glaring dereliction from social virtue, but they were utterly barren of all positive good news. Cyril hod not done any of the things he ought not to have done, bat X seemed from Mr. Dacre'* elegantly worded epistles, that he had left undone many of those things that he ought to have done. "■Cyril seems to have become a determined misanthrope," wrote the kind secretary. "He is seldom seen in good houses now, and though I am bound to say, my dear sir, that I have never by any chance heard of him save m a perfectly gentlemanly, and even rising and clever, young man, still you, sir, who know the world bo wel^ cannot but feel somewhat annoyed at you* son voluntarily absenting himself from that aociety which his father's position, and his own abilities, so well qualify him to ornament I have frequently urged upon him the necessity for establishing his position ; but he rejects my advice, and seems, I regret to say, to lean towards that Bohemian world which destroys so many young- men of promise, and which, though necessary no doubt, is scarcely the sphere in which your son should move." • This letter, written by Mr. Dacre the morning after an " opera supper," at which he hod been the presiding genius, was but an echo of many that were read and deplored over in silence by the late ekargi <faffntrts at Krummelhoff. The aun of the Chatteris family threatened to set in Bohemian midnight, and the heart of its Head was htavy at the prospect. "If Fred had only lived, this would not have happened," said the old man to himself. Fred had been all that he could desire—hand «ome) honorable, dtbonnirt, and an ornament to society ; moreover, the old man fancied-that the dashing dragoon might have "ranged himself" aftev a year or so, and made Kate the partner in auch ranging. Now Fred was gone, Cyril was disgraced, and Kate was losing her good looks. Poor Kate! First love is a very pleasant thing for poets to write about, but it is not so utterly without alloy as they would have us imagine. The jealousies, the heartburnings, the fevers «f expectation, the sickness of hope de ferred, the pleasures and the pains which go to make up that bitter- sweet that men call love, are pleasant to look book on ; but I question much if, at the time, we are so violently happy as the poets would have us. Perhaps we remember only the sweet, and forget the bitter. It may be so ; but hopeless love is the only real love after all. Alas ! we burn, we groan, we toss, and cry aloud; we sonnetise, and make our lives burdeua to us for the love of one fair face. For* tun© ia kind, perchance; the Boft eyes smile upon us alone, the aweet lips murmur love words for our ears only; and, lo! we find the fruit but ashes in the mouth ; the violet eyes are but common gray after all ; the exquisite love songs but childish prattle; and we go down to our deaths with the ghost of another memory haunt iug us. We cannot animate the dry bones, our dead loves will not live for us again ; perhaps it i* better that they should not. Kate was in love. It is a remarkable fact, and one which explains much human misery, that women have a predilection for forming passionate attachments to men who are in every way un worthy of them. In Home few instances their iove is so violent that it blind)} their eyes f o r longer than the usual period of married kitten hood ; in most cone*, however, they speedily find that their idols are but common clay, and their "relief must be to loathe them." A marriage such &» this imwt be a bondage indeed ; but the women slave* work well, and the social Pharaoh hardens bin heart, and " will not let the l«ople go." What a curious farce it is that we are playing, and how glad Home of us will be when the curatiu falls, and we can w;wh the paint from our faces and go Home ! Kate thought that she was in love with her cousin. He was in disgrace, she guessed ; in trouble of some kind, she knew ; he had told her that he loved her, and he was unhappy—all excellent reasons for giviug her heart away. Moreover, the beloved object was far away, and this circumstance invested him with numerous qualities that were not his own, but belonged properly to Lancelot and Sterford, and d'Artu jpin, ami Mr. Curlyle, and other heroes of these modern days. So Kate loved in silence, and set up a graven image for herself, uud worshipped it duly ; all unwitting that another young man was rapidly fuxhioning her own likeness into that of a goddesH, aud was, in his turn, bowing down l*fore it. This young idolator was Mr. Bob Calveriy. That young Australian had commenced to econo mise, but had not got on with the task as well .is he had expected. Ho had fulfilled his threat of "cutting the concern," and had presented liim.sclf at the Hall in the character of a sports imn. There was plenty of fun at sturdy old Sir Val'.s place in the winter sejison. The usual complement of London dandies, eager for the slaughter of game and the hunting of foxes ; the usual complement of pretty girls, who dressed in the latest fashion of the Rue Br&U;, and talked like a decoction of Shaftesbury and water; the usual mixture of matchmaking mothers, husband-hunting daughters, "jolly fellows," and "funny fellows," and "clever fellows," and " fellows who had written bookrt you know," and " fellows who travelled, and all that sort of thing ;" In fact, "fellows" of all kinds and species but one. As Ponsonby o*ten declared, " I like going to Yoieka' place, because you never meet any 'stuck- up fellows' there, you know," which was true. The Hall was a place for jollity and revelling—always within the limits of becoming mirth. Into thin genial atmosphere had the young Australian dropped, but he was not so well dis posed to enjoy it as heretofore. In the first place, he was in debt; not to any great extent certainly, but enough to make him anxious con cerning mails, and economical in personal ex- j pediture. He had paid off his 1.0.U.'s by the assistance of Dacre and his friend Mr. Charles Ryle, but he did not quite see how Mr. Charles Ryle himself was to be paid. The expected remittances had not arrived, and Messrs. Pack and Fleece were inexorable. So Bob went down to the Hall, and hunted three times a week, and made all sorts of good resolutions touching economy, and gambling, and borrowing money* Moreover, for the first time in his Ufa, he was in love. From the moment when Kate, queeny and benignant, had swept in from the terrace at Matcham, Mr. Robert Calveriy was in love. He confessed to himself that his love was hopeless, that such a goddess as Chatteris' cousin would never look upon a rough, uncouth fellow, like myself—a fellow who was unused to drawing rooms, and who always "turned over" music four bars too soon. He remembered how silent he used to sit on those occasions when he was a guest at Matcham, and how Lady Loughborough snubbed him, and how the courteous host, after vainly attempting to discuss the Schleswig- Holstein question, would say, with a weary smile, " Any more wine ? No ? Then we will join the ladies." He remembered how Dacre, that all- accomplished Dacre, had hinted that Miss Ffrench was iprise with her cousin Cyril, and how clever Cyril was, and how he could talk, and sing, and understand books, and music, and pictures, and a thousand things of which he, Bob, was ignorant. Remembering these things, he tor mented himself, and burned to do some deed of might, which would perforce bring the eyes of his ladye- love to regard him with interest. Kate was very fond of Bob Calveriy. I use I the word fond in its most innocent meaning. She liked the young fellow, who was so bright and cheerful, and never languid or peevish like some of those " finer spirits " she had met with. She liked his honest admiration, his eagerness to oblige, and his blundering good-humored ways. She was a quick- witted girl, and saw at a glance that beneath the unpolished surface of poor Bob lay a heart of gold. But she did not love him— oh t dear, no t Her heart never beat quicker at his approach, her face never flushed scarlet at his sudden presence, she was never coquettish with him, she never sent him on absurd errands; she was never ill at ease when he was stumbling through hia small talk, but nodded and smiled, and took him by the hand and helped him out of the conversational mire with good-natured indifference. She was not in love—with anyone but CyriL Bob, however, had come to a great determina tion—he was going to ask Kate to marry him. This idea which, some three months bock, would have seemed to him so ridiculous, appeared now, by mere force of importunity, the most natural thing in the world. He had ridden over to Matcham twice since he had returned, his father's intimacy with Saville Chatteris gaining him I admittance to that house of mourning. He had I been received by Kate on each occasion, and each visit had fed the fire which consumed him* Cyril was out of the way ; his name was never mentioned between them, and Bob thought that Miss Ffrench had forgotten the cynical, effemi nate young man who never wrote or gave sign of his existence. Cheating himself into this belief, he arose one morning with a fixed idea. He would go over to Matcham that morning and—well he would not exactly promise himself that he would ask her then and there, but if he saw an opportunity he would take it He was shilly-shallying on the brink, you see—but a very little would turn the scale in favor of jumping in. It was a hunting breakfast at the Hall, and when Bob appeared in ordinary costume, loud cries arose. " Not coming, Bob !" cries Ponsonby, who had performed that hazardous but well-intentioned feat known as " tooling a fellow over in his drag'» the night before—" why, what's the matter V " The lovliest hunting morning this season !" " Oh, Mr. Calveriy, and you promised to look after poor little me. WhaUhalll do V and Mi*. Barbara Blackthorn, a timid creature of twelve stone four, languished at him from beneath the most cunning of " bell-toppera." " 'Pou my soul, Calveriy, it's too bad," says Colonel Brentwood, with a touch of sarcasm in his tone. "We all looked to" you to show us the way." " Why, Bob, my boy," roars the jovial squire, " uiinn the best day of the season ! We draw Pakenham Wood to-day !" Even this powerful attraction seemed powerless for Bob, for, muttering something about " busi ness at Kirkminster," he proceeded to breakfast gloomily. "Our young friend has lost his heart," whispered the gallant major to his neighbor Mm. Eversley," the prettiest widow in the shire,*' iw her military admirers termed her. , " Indeed ! Who is the fortunate maiden ? I like Mr. Calveriy. He is not like you battered men of the world." " I am as innocent as a child, my dear madam," •aid the major, with hia mouth full of pie. " You are a dreadful man, and I hate you," returned the lady, sweetly. "Answer my question at once." "I believe that old Chatteris' niece is the young lady." " Oh, indeed !" cried Mr* Eversley, tossing her head—Kate had " cut down " the fair widow gallantly on two or three occasions. " You don't aiy so ! What fools men are, to be sure. It can't be for her looks, and I know that she hasn't a penny. Ham ? Well, just the minutest atom." '* I shouldn't be at all surprised if Master Bob's ' business * should tike him to Matcham," returned the major, deftly shaving at that luxury. " You would never be surprised at anything, I know. Ob, you men—you men, you have no soul." With which remark the lively widow addressed herself to the ham, and spoke no more. The major was right. No sooner had the usual bustle attendaut upon mounting com menced, than Bob stole away, and was soon cantering down the country road to Matcham. As he felt the springy stride of his horse under him, his spirits rose, and the prospect didn't seem so desolate aa it had done when he plunged savagely into his icy tub two hours before. Old Sam, Bob's " own groom" and sworn henchman, watched his master's retreating figure with interest "I wonder whear he be agoin' tew now at that peace," was his muttered reflection. " Master Bob dew 'ack wi* an uncommon loose rein, he dew sure/tie." But when Bob saw the leafless woods of Matcham top the hill, he drew the bridle, and even went some two miles out of his way to gain tune. At last he reached the well-known gates, and in another ten minutes his horse's hoofs crunched the crisp gravel under the house win dows. " Master was in the Hbrary," the servant said; " but would Mr. Calverry walk into the drawing room ?' Once there, Bob's courage fell again. He tried to take interest in two heads by Greuxe, and a Birket Foster, but failed utterly; and when Miss Kate appeared, he found nothing better to say in the first five minutes than a remark touching the weather, which was cold, he said, and his visit which was early. Kate assented to both propositions, and wondered what made the young man come over at 10 o'clock in the morning. " I thought you would have bean at the meet, Mr. Calverly," she said. " Well yes, I thought of—but T 0*1 see—in fact I didn't go to-day." « There waa a spice of mischief in Kate, and. utterly unsuspecting the real reason of his visit, she said, " It is strange that you should absent your self. What will Mrs. Eversley say r " Mrs. Eversley ? I'm sure I don't know." " What! You haven't quarrelled, have you ? I'm afraid you are a flirt Mr. Calverly." This accusation took Bob so fairly aback that he lost his mental balance. M You, of all people, should not think that* Ka—Miss Ffrench." Kate blushed, but she would not see the drift of the answer. " Well, perhaps it is wrong of me to say so, Mr. Calverly, though Cyril is responsible for the report" Cyril—always CyriL " You are always referring to Mr. Chatteris,'* said Bob, a little hotly. Kate blushed deeper this time, but she was not driven to bay yet MOf course I am ; we are like brother and sister, you know. How is he, Mr. Calverry? Have you heard ? He never writes to us, and the only news I ever hear are from Mr. Dacre* who corresponds with Mr. Chatteris a great deal/ "I saw Mr. Dacre in London," says Bob rushing at the opening. "He seems to have an easy life of it" "Oh dear, no," says'Kate, shaking her head wisely. "Mr. Dacre is very hard worked. I wish Cyril only worked half as much. lam afraid he is too fond of amusement" Bob was at a non-plus. He couldn't dtamaa Cyril so he tapped his boots with his whip, and asked how Lady Loughborough was. " My aunt is Buffering from one of her nervous headaches." This was not getting any nearer to the subject " I haven't seen you out riding much lately, Miss Ffrench." " No, I have not been out at all since poor Fred's accident" Bob immediately cursed himself for being such a brute as to forget *nd stammered some thing in apology. He then gazed vacantly into space, let his whip fall, and then picked it up with great deliberation. " I wonder what makes him so stupid this morning," thought Kate. "She took out her watch. "You'nstopto lunch, Mr. Calverly f "No, thanks," cries Bob, starting up, "I must be back by mid-day. In fact 1 just came over to—to see you, and to, in fact " Kate had risen alarmedly. Her instinct told her that something was coming, but she made s brave effort to appear unconcerned. "Well, then, if you can't good-by." Bob was in for it now. He seized the out stretched hand and held it tightly. " I came over this morning to ask if you would marry me, Kate," said he, rapidly, with his eyes fixed on the floor. "Mr. Calverly!" Bob had found his tongue now. " I have loved you ever since I saw you, and will never marry anyone but you. You will not refuse me, Kate. Believe me, Ido love you. I know that I cannot make fine speeches and all that but I love you sincerely, and will do all I can to make you happy. Oh ! do not refuse me, my darling—do not—l love you better than anything in this world, and will love you, please God, till I die." There—he had said it at lost. The words came out of his lips almost without an effort. It was not a " fine speech ;" but it was sincere enough. Kate, with flaming face, tried to withdraw her hand"; but Bob held it fast. "Oh ! Mr. Calverly, I never expected tins. I am sorry. I did not know; believe me, I did not." "Answer me, my darling," cries Bob, growing bold enough to kiss the trembling fingers he held. Kate flashed out on him at once. " Let go my hand, sir ! I cannot marry you ! I —I—Oh ! please go, Mr. Calverly ; and forget that you have ever spoken to me as you have done." This was a cool request and Bob thought so. He dropped the hand he held and walked to the door, with mingled feelings of shame and anger, and jealousy, and a faint sense of the ludicrous, and thankfulness that no one had seen him." " Good-by, Miss Ffrench," said he. Kate bowed her head. Something in the accent of the simple words touched her, for as the door closed, she sank back on the ottoman and burst into tears. Bob rode furiously down the park, and felt that if a fence twenty feet high was before him he oould clear it. She loved Cyril! He felt sure of it and she would never marry anyone else, and his life would be miserable, and he would go bock to Australia at once, and, üby Jove, the hounds were running clone to him !" In his present condition of mind he felt ready for anything. He pulled up and listened. He could hear them distinctly. Greyfriar trembled in every limb, and pricked his ears furiously " Steady, lad, steady » By Jove, here they are ! That's old Bellow leading, and Huntsman, and Hautboy, and Cheerful and Chanter, and Laggard, and Liukman !" Away they go, three fields to the right. Crash over the hedgerow tumbles the excited Greyfrior, and Bob, cramming his hat on to his head, fixes his eyes on to the lead ing hounds, and goes off at score. The hounds were close to their fox, but the field were far from being close to the hounds. The first object that met Bob's eager gaze was a horse's hoof gesticulating wildly from behind a hedgerow immediately ia front of him. There was no time for weeds, and almost before he could wink Oreyfriar took the bit in his teeth and bovnded over an ugly hedge and ditch, landing on the skirts of a red coat, and danger. ousry near the prostrate form of the major's struggling "second horse," " Line, sir, line!" cries the major, mdfcnantfy; and then recognising the familiar gray fianks of Bob's favorite hack, wonders " where the doooe he can have sprung from V Whoo-oopt There he goes! The draggled brush sneaks under a rail but two fences ahead of the hounds, and as Bob looks back and sees nothing but his uncle's fleabttten roan, and the fluttering skirts of Mrs. Everaley's habit going "in and out" of a "double" on the extreme left, he picks up the curb a little tighter and feels that he is in for a good thing. The major having recovered his saddle, is " bucketting " Sebretasche by Candied Peel out of Mountain Maid furiously, and the astute first whip, who had been riding as if he had a large assortment of spare necks in the wide pocket o* his weatherbeaten " btt-o'-pink," comes alongside from between a stiff fence and a low bough in that crumpled-up condition necessary for the preservation of his head under such dream* stances. "Maarnin*, sir! Maarnin'" cries he, in answer to Bob's wildly flourished hat, and in another ten seconds the game little fox is held high in air in the centre of the baying and leaping pack* The major appearing with a broken stirrup leather and a muddy coat, is greeted by the de* lighted Bob, and before the rest of the field can arrive by highway and byway, the rejected lover is presenting a very dirty brush to Mrs. Eversley, who has reined up, cool and radiant] by the side of Sir Val's snorting and fxhfirttii roan. " The best run of this year," cries the master, delightedly rubbing his hone's nose. "Mrs. Evenley, you went like a bird—never saw such riding in my life!" "Ah! Ponsonby, this is pretty well for the I' Clays.' An hour and five minutes, and a* straight as a railroad! Bob, my boy, where did you spring from? Sly dog, creeping through gates." Bob disclaimed all such proceedings warmly, and remarked that he was just coming home when he heard the hnn-yfa running, »nd hap* pened to be in time for the flfifh, The fair widow shook her dainty finger at him rogueishly. " 1 know where you have been, you naughty boy. Poor Mra. Blackthorn was left to the tender guidance of Colonel Brentwood, who was thrown out at the brook in consequence. You shameful young Lothario!" Poor Brentwood ! That hard-riding gentle, man was indeed bemoaning hw hard fate as he cantered savagely down a dirty lane in company with Mrs. Barbara. If Brentwood hated one thing more ****n another, it was the task of "leading" a lady through a "quick thing," and when that lady was twelve stone, under mounted, not pretty, and married to a stupid husband, of whom she always talked, he may be forgiven if he was some what wroth at the issue of his day's sport. "What the doooe does the woman want to hunt for ?" he murmured, as his fidgety thorough* bred plunged and curvetted under the influence of a succession of handrails, which always caught the too redundant habit of Blackthorn's better-half. v Why can't she sir* at home, and look after that lout of a husband? Thank goodness, here are the squire and the rest, and I can get a ' weed' with Jack. But when the happy few that had been " in it" ' were reached, the widow, who found Bob very , dull and disconsolate, attacked the beau tabrtur at once; and notwithstanding that she gave him permission to smoke, irritated him beyond I measure by a spirited account of the " splendid run," and crocodile consolations touching his hard fate at being thrown out " so very early." Bob rode on alone; his heart was heavy. He was in no humor for chit-chat and flirtation. Kate had refused him, and his life was barren. He wanted to be alone and think it over. Should he go back to Australia ? He had not answered the question satisfactorily when he h*A given Greyfriar over to Sam, with instructions concern ing a bran mash and bandages, nor even when he reached his room, and almost """•^fniTtlly opened a note which lay on the table. Crutched Friars, December 15. Snt, —We beg to inform you that your note of-hand for £1500, payable at Messrs. Courts and Co., has been returned to us dishonored, and we have to request that you will take up the same without delay.—We are, sir, your obedient servants, Gulch ajto Swindelmasn. Mr. Robert Calverly, The Hall, Loamshire. "Confound it!" cried Bob, "it's Kyle's bilL I had forgotten all about the date. H*ng h, this'll never do." There was yet another letter, which, short as it was, relieved Bob's feelings much. Dear Bob, —Got a letter from C. R, complain ing about that confounded acceptance. He says it's out of his hands, and that, if you don't pay, the holders will prosecute. If you haven't got the money, you had better look me up, and we'll gee what can be done.—ln haste, yours, Rupert Dac&k.; "What a good fellow he is!" said Bob. "Til go up to-morrow." Chapter XIX. LnHKO THE TWIG. Dacre was right; Cyril Chatteris had not gone home. He was in the billiard room of the " Pegasus ;" and when Dacre entered that classic shade, he found him losing rapidly to Randon, who, with his customary delusion strong upon him, was informing the half dozen men present that he was " G-g-reat at b-b-bflliards ; he owned it, fuf-fwankly owned it" i "I say, Dacre, have you heard about the Cardinal ?" cries Miniver. " They say that Kyle's got him." " Don't believe it" "Heard so this afternoon. They say *Vt- Lundyfoot is smashed ; lost a pot, you know." "Ah ! And so Ryle's got his horse, has he ? Well, he's a great clumsy brute." " Magnificent shoulders !" gays old Martingale a great " make and shape " man. "If they run him straight he might do something." "Lay you fifty to four!" cries Miniver, in stantly. " Well, thank you, no. I don't bet" Miniver muttered something about " backing opinions," and " surly old boys." " Barnestaple, I'll gi-give you a g-game !" "Let u<j plunge into a. quiet pool," says Barneotaple. "All r-right I own I'm rather g-good at p-p-pool. Half-crown lives. I own, I fuf-fwankly own, I f-feel in f-f-form to-night" " Cyril," says Dacre, " I want to speak to you." Cyril was very sulky, and looked so. " What do you want to speak to me about ?* "Come out of this place, and I'll tell you. Whom do you think I saw to-night V Cyril fluahed. He guessed pretty closely. M How should I know r " Your wife." « My—what T "Why, the young lady who ha« present Mrs. Chatter!*." "Where did you see her T "AthermotherV At her mother's i How did Daere know her mother? and what did he do there? Cyril's .Mart beat quickly. "I don't understand you," ssid he. "The simplest thug in the world. I went down to Dym-street to take tea with an old Mend of mine, and met your charming little friend." I hare said that the unhappy hero of this story was not a brave man, but he never felt nearer courage than now. His first impulse was to seize his smiling enemy by the throat. " Listen to me, CyriL I want to know who and what this woman is. I have taken the trouble to make myself »»q"»fatM with her family. It is not remarkable for blood or breeding.** « Cyril winced. "What business bar© you to interfere in my affair, r "My dear fellow, lam i» toco partmtU. lam your' guide, philosopher,'and friend,' you know." M That will da I hate that sort of nonsense. I want to know what you mean." "Well, I mean to write and tell your father all about this little affair." "Tell him. then, if you like," says CyriL driven to bay. "The woman is nothing to me/ "Now, don't repudiate the mystfetie. She says that she is your wife." "She lies, then. Bhe is nothing of the kind." Daere looked admiringly at the young man, and then said, patroniaingly, "Indeed! Ah] I did not give you credit for so much firmness of purpose. My dear Cyril, you need not trouble yourself to tell lies to me, because I know all about it You married the girl just after you came back from Matchain." It was bold play, but it lost Urn the game. Cyril breathed freely. He did not really know, ; then; he only surmised. "My dear Dacre, what stuff you talk. Do you want to make a penny novel out of thk miserable affair? I have got into a scrape with > the girl, I admit, but you don't think that I would be such a fool as to marry her, do you T' Deere- was beaten. With all his astuteness, he had not" read the " cub's" character rightly. " Well, perhaps Tm wrong, old fellow, but I really was afraid that you had been committing some folly of the kind. Young men, you know, often do foolish things. Well, she is a pretty little thing enough; but you must really ' forswear sack' now, you know. What would papa say r Cyril's fingers itched to grasp the collar of his tormentor. That any man should dare to speak thus to him ! He quivered with rage at the in* suit. He had admitted to himself long ago that he did not love his wife, but he felt the shame of bis position keenly enough. It must be borne, however. " I can't give her up," said he, at length. "So ; it's no use talking." "Whynotr " WelL I can't—that v enough." "Won't the hdy go T Cyril blushed. He had an ambition to be 1 considered a romi, and who had ever heard of a rxmi who could not get rid of his Burden when he wished it ? " I don't want her to go yet," said he, and I laughed. "I wish you would let me see this Pearl of Price. I will pay you a call some day. Now, good night. I am glad, my dear boy, that you have not made a fool of yourself." Not made a fool of himself ! That was just I exactly what he had done. To marrj; the girl was bad enough, but to find out that he did not love her was worse. The fact was that she wearied htm. She was too loving, too easily moulded, too slavish to please. In the first days of their acquaintance, when she loved him less, she pleased him more. Now, a word was law to her, and he was tired of being always obeyed. His warped and selfish nature could not appreciate the beauty of a woman's love. Had his wife been passionate, jealous, coquettish, he would have worshipped her; but this conquest was too easy to tickle his vanity. If a woman came to his feet, he would accept her homage with calm gratification : but be would not love her. Did he fancy that he loved a woman, and find that she laughed at him, he would rave about her, and sigh for her. The curse of satiety had overtaken him early, and only forbidden fruit could please. He had quarrelled with Carry that day. She had besought him to make their marriage public or at least, to take her away from London. He refused, of course, and she had cried and im plored, and sobbed, until some curned sense of the ludicrous affected him, and he laughed at her. She said nothing, but dried her eyes at once. Strangely enough, that little action awakened in him some germ of the old tender* ness ; he tried to carou her, but she withdrew from his arms. This gave him a new sensation. The slave rebelled. He would exercise his pleasurable power, and make her kneel again. But she would not kneeL He was annoyed and angry, and his vanity was wounded. He would give her a lesson. So he went down to the Pegasus. When she heard the door shut she cried, and then waited for him to return, in order that she might fall on his heart and be forgiven. But he did not return, and her ardour began to cool He was cold to her, and he did not love her, and she had given up everything for him, and thia waa not fair ; it was not to be borne. The minutes flew, and the house waa lonely, and the piano out of tune, and the music old. There was a party next door, and she could hear the soft strains of dance music. Other girls were happy, and she was left alone in shame and misery. Why did she leave her mother ? She would go back again, and then Cyril would be sorry and come and fetch her. She wrote a little note and tore it up. He would know where to find her. When Cyril came home and found his hoiue left unto him desolate, he was furious. He said to himself that he did not care, and that hw wife would come back again ; but still he was startled into something very like jealousy. Did Carry dare to love anything or anybody better than himself! He had wearied, he thought of her soft curved lips, and languid eyes, and curling tresses; he was tired of tender sighs and warm kisses and murmured love-words; but the thought that another man might possess all this was gall and wormwood. Yet he would not go and seek her. He would not be tamed by a trick like that. Cyril thought he under stood women, and imagined that it was a bad plan to submit. If he had judged them by a real instead of an imaginary standard, he would have seen that to submit is often to conquer. "She will come back again in the morning," he said- But he was wrong. When the guest* had deputed from the Masrtoniao roof, Carry had a long "talk" with her mother. "He doesn't love me, mother dear. I know he doesn't, and I don't like living aa Ida It is not right" The widow was at first inclined to endorse the proposition, but visions of parental fury, and commensurate cuttings off of imaginary estates rose before her. She did not estimate Master Cyril's diplomatic talents high enough. " He loves my gal, I know he does, and it's only a bit of a tiff I suspect)" was her inward comment So she soothed her daughter, and told her that Cyril was like all other men, and " wanted a little outing now and then, you know." " But he will leave me alone all day, mother, and then never speak to me scarcely." "Business is business, my dew," was the widow's sage reply; " and you mustn't expect your husband to be allus *l»nj^in' *a your heels. Lor ( I wouldn't take any notice of his tempers, not if it was ever so!" By which ambiguous giving out she endeavored to cheer the drooping spirits of the Fairy Prince's bride. M As to the marriage, my dear, that's all right Don't you fret about that" So Carry was fain to drop off to sleep sob bingly, with an inward conviction thai she was right, and that her mother did not take the proper view of the case. But when in the sanctuary of her own chamber, Mrs. Manton's thoughts assumed a different aspect " It can't be that he's a-trying to play the gal false! You'd better take care, Mister Chatteria, for all your leftenanta and m^k«t Parka. My gal's an honest woman's daughter, and she shan't lose her good name through any trickery of yours, I can tell you. I'll jist enquire about you, Mr. Cyril Chatteria. 11l Jist ask Mr. Dacre about you. He's a gentleman, he is, and he won't see a poor girl wronged, / know." So the birds were flying into Rupert Daere's snare quite charmingly. That gentleman himself waa notawareof this, and was beset with doubts and fears. He did not know whether he should behave Cyril or not i The boy spoke so readily and lied so calmly, that even the astute Rupert waa deceived. "He can't have married her; and if he has, why then it's all plain sailing," was his muttered commentary as he hud his head on the pillow. ' Next morning, however, he found a letter at the office, requesting him to go to Dym-street and signed in a scratchy hand-writing, "Anas! jfanton." "So I'm to be mediator in the quarrel, ehT WelL I shall find out the rights of the case, at all events." Carry waa feverish with excitement, and looked bewitching. "My daughter, Mrs. Chatteris," says the Manton. Rupert bowed low, and Carry blushed. Bhe i had seen the aristocratic Rupert before. I After a little chat about the weather, and the town, and Shakespeare, and the musical glasses, the widow intimated that she desired a private audience, and Carry withdrew. " Excuse me, my dear madam, but I cannot help congratulating my friend Chatteris upon i his choice. I never saw a more lovely creature ■ than your daughter." This was, perhaps, a little too strong for the French ambassador's, but it suited Mrs. Manton's more vulgar palate. She bridled with delight and forthwith recounted the whole story of the marriage. Dacre waa almost surprised. He had not expected so much deceit in so young a man. He kept his outward composure, however, and as sured the widow that such matches were far from uncommon, and that rich parent*, as a rule, | were hard-hearted and prone to violence. Mrs. M., whose knowledge of fashionable life had been gained at the Surrey Theatre, smiled assent, but requested Mr. Daere's advice. Mr. Dacre pursed up his lips, and, endeavoring to blend Lord Chesterfield with Dr. Watts, began: "Ah, my dear madam, you task my poor powers somewhat severely. I have the pleasure of knowing Mr. Chatteris' family intimately, and his father is proud—very proud. Bhould he suddenly hear of his son's marriage, he would probably do some injustice, of which he would afterwards repent There can be no doubt that your daughter would grace any sphere, but you see that old people have their antipathies, and Lady Loughborough especially is quite of the rieilU rocke." This was the first time that the widow had heard of Lady Loughborough, but she nodded as though Debrett was at her fingers' ends. " Now, my advice is, that you proceed exactly as you have done. To let my friend Cyril think that you distrust him would be to beget a certain estrangement; while to encourage the natural but foolish suspicions of your charming daughter would be crueL If you will allow me, my dear madam, to undertake the office of mediator, so to speak, between these young people, I think I can set matters right I think that the best thing I can do will be to take Mrs. Chatteria home this very afternoon. Young men are often proud, and serious family quarrels have arisen in consequence of a foolish display of pride. I will gradually break the news to Mr. Savflle, and hope that my influence with his son will produce some good effect You may rely on me to give you every intelligence of your daughter, and I beg that you will always con sider me as your friend." The widow was fairly swamped. She con sented, of course, with pride and pleasure ; and Carry was instructed to put on her bonnet and go back with Mr. Dacre. The poor girl half demurred; but the gentle man had been so polite and kind, that she almost forgot her former dislike, and was argued into submission. The pair started, Dacre remarking that, a» the day was so charming, "we can walk, if Mrs. Chatteris does not mind." So they walked ; and as Dacre looked down upon the trim figure of Cyril's wife, he began to envy him his good fortune. " My friend Chatteria ia a happy man," said he. Carry blushed. " I fear, however, that he does not appreciate the treasure he had gained." This waa going too far. Carry would not hear her idol scoffed at. " Sir!" with a look aa much like an insulted Princess as she could achieve. " Oh, my dear child " (another start), " your good mother has told me all about your domes tic circle. I know that Master Cyril has not been as kind as he should have been." " You have no right to say bo," said Carry. "Pooh!—don't be angry with me, my dear child. lam old enough to be your father." Carry laughed despite her anger. HU awump tion of vast age was amuaing. " You don't look so," said she. "Perhaps not But my experience,—ah, well " and Dacre finished with a sigh that might have been heaved by the Corsair himself. Carry looked up at him with a little awe. Here wuontof the Peony Journal heroes at tot. Her* wu a man with but " one virtue and a thousand crimes," —a haughty, *""^^m% devil-may-care aristocrat Would the wolf tat her T The suspense mi rather pleasant The wolf .poke again, but in very soft tons* " My dear Mrs. Chatteris, you mutt forgiven* if I appear rude, because I am entrusted with ft Tery delicate mission." "Indeed!" "I hare' undertaken to make Cyril's peaoa with his father. "Oh, Mr. Dacre!" "Of course Cyril does not know of this, and you must not tell him. You promise V Carry had all that delicious delusion about community of thoughts and absence of conceal* ment, which belong* to newly-wedded wire*, and she said, " I hardly know. I ought not to keep any thing from my husband." She expected him to argue or to plead: frith* was too deeply read in womankind to be takes in by so shallow an artifice. " You are quite right," he said; " quite right. A wife should hare no secrets from her husband* So we will drop the subject" This was hardly fair. Carry pouted and blushed, and looked askanoe. "You little silly woman, you are dying tt know all about it." The language might be too free, but the aeoant was [tenderly protective, and she could not tak* offence. " Oh, no, I am not." " Promise, then, and I will tell you." She laughed again. " I promise." "Ah t well, on second thoughts, I had bettor not tell you, because you are sure to let it oul" "Oh dear no! When I say a thing, I men H" " Delightful! I have found a woman wfco ' says a thing and means it'" " Mr. Dacre, you are very absurd." " I am, I know; but you make me so." "ir "Yes. Before I saw you " Ah ! was the wolf going to bite? Itwaaiwy wrong, Carry admitted, but she half hoped so. "You what V' "I did not believe in such a thing as a constant • woman f" " And do you now ?" He looked down upon her with a curious gkBOsV " I don't know," «aid he, slowly. She blushed, and was silent They had reached civilisation now, and DacrVft hat was in the air each second. M Lady Windermere 1 Ah, there's Jack Wiltaft again. How do, Pakenham T That's Lord Crof tonbury. No, the man with the white hat; and Leamington and Fits." " You seem to know everybody." " Everybody worth knowing," said Dacre, who had been improvising names for the last fly» minutes. " But you are getting tired. Let at put you into this cab. I will come up to-morrow and see you. Now, tell Cyril to be a good boy, and not to quarrel any more. Good-by." He made his exit in the nick of time. El did not want to be seen walking with so notiofl* able an unknown as Carry, and he had said quit* as much as he dared. On the whole he was well satisfied with his morning's work, aud strolled down to his club with a light heart and a good appetite. As for Carry, she was quite astonished whan the cab stopped at the well-known stuoooed villa, and started when she realised the fact thai her thought* had not been of her husband/but of her husband's friend. * [TO BE COMTIVUKS.] The First Frost nr Memphis.—While it was vet twilight people were out in the streets breathing the precious air of the purifying frost. Here, stooping down, one* gathered a handful of the glittering hoar frost, which, pure and beauti ful, lay upon the earth, and, gazing upon it with somewhat of the gladdening Hpint with which the Israelites gathered the manna in the desert of Arabia, exclaimed, " 0 God, we thank Thee for this blessing." Other* came and touohed with reverential fingers the pure, cold messenger of health, as if to satisfy themselves,' like half* believing Thomas of old, that the Saviour of the city had descended from Heaven to save the. people from the destroying angel of the pesti lence. Group* of men and women moved from place to place to prove by cumulative evidence that indeed it was frost, and not some optical delusion; that the wished-for guest had not merely confined his visitation to one locality, but enjoyed the freedom of the city. Strong men, bare-headed and bare-anuad, walked excitedly hith/er and thither, rejoicing in the fact that a physician had come to whose nostrums the whole faculty must yield pre cedence as the only true panacea for the terrible yellow fever. Windows and doors were thrown open, woollen and cotton garments were exposed to the disinfecting agency of the cold and mrined air, and everywhere vi toe city the enthusiasm was marked, fervent, and joyous.— Altmpk'u Appeal. Church Collections in America.—ltspeaka well for our clergy that although many of them wield immense power over the purses as well as the consciences of their congregations, they seldom or ever make use of the pulpit as a begging-box for their own personal want*. A curate of cadaverous appearance so skilled in the management of the voice that he can vary tht heavenly tones of an impressive whisper by • hollow cough, might add hundreds a year to his income if he condescended to preach charity sermons on his own behalf. An instance of a minister appealing, and not in vain, to the sympathies of his flock is afforded by the sceue which took place on Sunday, the 20th October, in the Calvan Episcopal Church at Chicago, in the United States. The Itev. J. F. Walker, the pastor, was observed by the congregation to be in ill-health, and to conduct the Hervice in a particularly feeble manner. Finally, when he came to the sermon he broke completely down, and, to the amazement aud grief of those present, announced that all he had had to eat and drink during that and the previous day had l»een bread and butter and tea, and that when ho should go home after service was over he would not feel certain of finding even this simple sustenance. The sensation produced was, it is »<t:ited, in describable. Some of the congregation, stuug by remorse under the reproach thus cast upon them, hastily quitted tho sacred edifice, and those who remained poured forth invitations enough to last the reverend gent lonian every Sunday in the year, could he hove accepted them consecutively. Prince Bismarck and the Ultiumontanes. —To contradict a correspondent of the New York Daily World who pretended to have inter* viewed Prince Bismarck, the Chancellor has ad dressed a letter to Dr. Bendau, at Dresden, in which he says :—" In my opinion the phrase im puted to me, that I intend to crush Home, in order to crush Christianity, is enough to betray the source and purpose of the invention. That my convictions mid my belief are tho reverse of what this fable puta into my mouth is not doubted in Germany. In America, too, ]>eople will, I trust, say to themselves that if a man were impious enough to enteitaiu i»uch thoughts he would hardly be stupid enough to avow them." Atrocious Pahaor.vphs.—The Echo says the following atrocious jtaragraph apjiears in the editorial columns of a $oi-di»itnt "religions" organ of the High Church i>arty :—" We deeply regret to observe that our Most Religious and (iruciou* Majesty, the Queen, bus thought it consistent ' with her duty to Almighty <»od and to his faith ful of the ancient Church of Knglund to purbike of Bread and Wine at the so-called 'Communion' of the Scotch Presbyterians—an event unparal leled in the hwtoiy of the National Church." The some journal, under the heading of " Kam pant Loyalty," lias the following :—" On Sunday morning the congregation of West Hackney were 'played out' to the tune of 'God bless the Prince of Wales,* it being H.R.H.'« birthday." 