DEPARTURE OF -HIS EXCELLENCY THE G OYER NOR. THE 3LUMCH AT THE TOWN HALE. His Excellency Sir George Bowen left for. England by the mail steamer to day. At half-post twelve he attendod at tho Town Hall, in reeponae to an invitation to lunch. . from tho Mayor of Melbourne. A guard of the Locnl Foroe, in lull unttorm, marcnea up front tho barracks, and formed outside the. Town Hall J1' On Hie Exoollenoy'a arrival the grand organ pealed forth "Gjd Save tho : Queen," under the bands of Mr. Plaistod. Lunch was laid out in tho Council Cham ber of the Town Hall. .Among .the gentle, men present in addition to Colonel Anderson and 'the Staff, were the". President of the Legislative Coimoil, the Speaker, the Hons. C. B. Kerferd, J. J. Catey, T. M'Dermott, :E. Cohen, D. GjlUes, A. Mackay, E. Lang- ton, members of both Houses of Legislatuie, Sir James M'CulIooh,- Sir George Vordon, Sir John O'Bhauaeay, Justices Barry, Fellows, Captain; St'andish, nearly all the Aldormeh and Connoillora, Messrs. It. P. S.' Sturt, Call, Ellery, \Y. 81 Lyster, Ploos Ysn Amstel,. Gammall, Goldsbrough, Baron Von. Mueller, Captain Stanley, Drs. Ford, Fulton, Crookoj &c.;, See. . , 1 ' ' i . .The Mayor presided, as, host, with hie Excellenoy on thepiight hand, -and Sir Red mond Barry on the left. ; Tile oatnrib'g. wntf dene by'Mr'Ga'hiler,' and t-j,.tabiea4irq«or\tjtl.»i.very beauttfnl appear-:! shce, ornamented with pot fuchsias and eporgncs of flowers, pyramidally arranged.' Th? toast of the Queen having been drunk, With' cheers. ... .... , The "Mayor thoiinaid : Gentlemen,' I have the honor, and I aBkyou to join me in it, .of wishing pleasure arid safety to his Excellency the Governor, -in theshortjaurney ho Is.about to make itb the old country. (Cheers.) Many ; Governors have left Viotoria, but ,,we : k»Ve never had .1 one so well ' quail- ' fled to apeak. lor, .us in 'the metropolis of civilisation as Sir Goorga Bowen. (Cheers). 'The onerous duties of a governor can uevor bo kpown but to those who have fllle'd ihe position. Ia the name of the citizens of Melbourne, I wish you, Sir Gsorgo, a plea sant journey, a linppy - meeting with Lady- Bowon and yonr family, and a speedy return with them. -(Prolonged ch'eeriqg). . His Excellency : Mr. Mayor and gentle men, — X thank you for jhe heartiness of your respouse ts the toast of my health. . I and my family have always received the.mo3t gratifying courtesy from the Corporation of Melbourne, They wolcomed ub the first, end- now they are-tho last'to'wiah me God speed. Sensible as I am of my OwnehortcomiDgs,'I can' only ascribs yonr indulgence, to the respect for the Grown', which is ths symbol of the onifc'y of the Empire," recognised also 'in' virtue .of your own laws. ( .'beers.) In .seven or eight months I purpose returning with my family. (Cheers). After a residence of fifteen years iu the' colonies, where moist' of our childron have .been born, I and my'. Wife regard tho oolonies as onr . homo. '(Ghosts.) . For h'ere.we-have spent the bo'st -and happiest years of our lives, (R-newod ;ah0erlfigl) _Mr. Disraeli has said that the Governorship of Viotoria is regarded as tho, blue ;ribhon- among suohT appointments, arid no , .doubt . .particular - -co'riiideVoe will be placed at .. .home — in- the fslatoments of , the holder - of , that blqo ibhon. (Hqar,-hev,) It ia ardt)t satjsfiic- tfotojmejthat in my absence, the si, lminis- rtiitioriof my,'qffioa will t)ri itfajichiable' gncjf 'experienced 'hiutis1 those of my "hon Jftisfidl'Sir Redmond Barry; (ohfleraJfanJiSifl William Scawell (chee"rgj- v ; The . country ijsijin a; state vof: prosperity ' -ana- ,po)itioal quietude; the ;tjvo " things .whlok' 'gerieratty go ' together. was' tolff-tiiy', Othtr day on; the .authority of 1 onn bf'my. responsibleladvisers that a .Wellhntrivrr.TSpli' , hia XII 4m I L 1 1 AAitnt«il»? Lfi 4 J i :t&sA; . - it x'wvrAu "-tje-''-VlffsefoieY.'.;«b " get up1 an ""agitation, .oven,. If. th Legisla tive Counoil nmSnded' a , . money;, bill, ,'or , tke -Legjslativoc ;AsssmbIy;, repealed' the; .Ton Cpmmtindmetita."(pheers and liughter.). TheBe two 'mea3urea'would be, in the opi nion of the.7 gentleman to whom I refer, : equally heinous. (Great laughter.) His Excellenoy ' wound up ' hy dilat ing upon the fnture prospects of this country, and expressed a hope that the bless ing of Providenao would rest upon it, to which the Mayor said " Amen." His Excel lency then proposed— Health and', Long Life to the Mayor of Melbourne.' Drunk with ail tho honors. The Mayor : I thank you, gentlemen, and I have to propose the toasts of the Press and she Lidiea, With respeot to the litter, I find myself accused of bring, as a Mayor, inimical to the lalies. (Laughter.) I asaaro you that gioh an assertion is shoer blasphomy. (Rtnrs of laughter.) There was no further speech making, md the company broke up. 