Spiritualism of the Present Day. The Athenæum, in an article on two spiritualist books—“Where are the Dead? or Spiritualism Explained,” by Fritz, and “Spirit Mediums and Conjurors,” by George Sexton, L.L.D.—gives the following amusing sketch on the development reached by the spiritualism of the present day:— In the dead season we do well to concern ourselves with the doings of the dead, and look up the ghosts who are flitting about the silent town. What better course is open to the solitary dweller in a deserted city, whose friends of this life have departed to other lands, and who is growing weary of his own company? A man with a taste for society must find associates of some sort, or pine away; and we can assure our readers that the bogies and demons to whom Fritz has introduced us are diverting companions. The spirits have come on wonderfully of late. The time is not far distant when their most remarkable achievements were to rap tables, raise heavy furniture in the air, deliver communications which Professor Huxley called “twaddle,” and enable Mr. Horne to walk about the ceiling like a fly. But now-a-days they are confounding the scoffers who charged them with inability to do or say anything serviceable to the living. Not content with carrying a prodigiously fat woman over the chimney-pots of London, throwing stones at windows of suburban tradespeople, and shooting whole hundredweights of vegetables through walls of solid masonry without injury to fruit or stonework, they have applied themselves to the useful arts and sciences with astounding results. As physicians they write prescriptions, and as lawyers they give opinions. They paint pictures, practise photography, give lessons in music, deliver lectures on religion, morals, and social science, and throw off poetry by the volume a day. Spirit-life moves faster than human existence. Every week gives us a novel “manifestation” and staggering development. Mr. Home has been so completely distanced by the younger mediums that he has fallen into disesteem in spiritual society as an utterly worked out practitioner. Even though he were to fulfil the predictions of his former admirers by floating round the dome of St. Paul’s, or prevail on the dear spirits to pull him out another yard and tie him into a true-lover’s knot, he could not recover his lost leadership of the mediumistic army. He is an actor of the past. We are living in the period of Miss Florrie Cook and Mr. Morse, the famous trance-lecturer on things in general. Poor Serjeant Cox, whom the Quarterly called the most gullible of mankind, is scouted as an unbelieving Thomas, a hardened sceptic, and is treated by the spirits in the most cruel and ungrateful manner. Gratefully remembering the past services of the volant Guppy, let us pay a visit to the young lady whose achievements are just now the talk of spiritual society. She lives in a humble subuib. The dear spirits prefer unfashionable to aristocraiic quarters. Haunting the homes of the populace, they are shy of entering the mansions of the great. They found Mrs. Guppy in a small street near the Holloway Prison, and distinguished themselves by sportiveness at Peckham Rye. Perhaps the interest taken in ghosts by dwellers in the West End is in some degree due to the fact that the spirits must be sought in distant and mysterious regions. Miss Florrie Cook resides at Hackney, where her papa is known as “a respectable man, in some small commercial line of life.” Described as a “pretty Jewish-like little girl,” she is sixteen years old, and surrounds herself with demons in the small breakfast-room, next the kitchen, of her father’s house. It is another proof of the lowliness of the spirits, that they prefer the kitchen to the drawing-room, and are more lively in poky breakfast-parlors than in rooms of state. All the members of the Cook family are more or less spiritual. Florie’s little sisters “discourse of spirits in the most off-hand way.” Fritz gives several accounts of seances, light and dark, at Mr. Cook’s dwelling; and it appears that one evening’s entertainment closely resembles one another. Having assembled her friends in the basement parlor, Florrie enters a small closet, the door of which, opening into the room, is provided with a hole in the top. On retiring to this cabinet the young lady takes with her a roll of tape, a ball of strong string, or a supply of thin twine. The door of the cabinet is secured by a key. An interval of a few minutes, and the company in the parlour hear a voice, that comes through the door of the cabinet, and bids them open the mysterious cupboard. On obeying the order, they see Miss Florrie, sitting on a chair, and bound to it with the tape, small cord, or twine. Ot course the spirits have tied her to the seat. The sceptic who ventures to suggest that the girl may have arranged the bonds for herself finds himself frowned upon as a rude and foolish person. It is enough for spectators to observe that Florrie is “tied round the neck, arms, and legs to the chair in a very uncomfortable and apparently secure manner,” and to understand that the spirits have so tautened her. This inspection of the bound girl being made, and the seals being put on the knots of her bonds, the company retire to the darkened room, and the door of the lighted cabinet is again locked on Florrie. All now being ready for the second part of the performance, the occupants of the parlonr look towards the hole at the top of the door of the cabinet through which apperture a hand, an arm, aye, sometime two hands, are soon thrust. Of course the hands are not Florrie’s. How should they be, when she is known to be bound “hand and foot” to her seat? When they have been touched and played with by the excited beholders, the hands are withdrawn, and soon as a spirit shows its face at the opening—first the head of “Katies,” who is Miss Cook’s choicest spirit; then a second head, “surmounted by a turban, and with a decidedly eastern expression of countenance and dark complexion;” then the face of the “Haverford-west spirit,” with or without “the scar over the left eye.” When spiritual faces have ceased to appear behind the square hole, and the spectators have grown weary of looking in vain for more manifestations, a spirit-voice enjoins them to open the cabinet again, and see that the entranced damsel is still in bondage, with unbroken seals on the knots of the ligatures. The seances may have other incidents. There may be raps, or the spirits may talk with human voices, or, the candle in the cabinet having been extinguished, mysterious phosphorescent lights may render the darkness terrible. But enough has been said for a general report of an evening’s performance at the home of the Hackney medium. To materialistic outsiders who have attended the seances of Messrs. Maskelyne and Cooke, or only read Dr. Sexton’s admissions respecting the delusive appearance of security which may be given to insecure bonds by the practitioners of rope trickery, it may appear possible to account for Florrie’s doings. "“I will show the kind of knot that is used by the gentlemen,” said Dr. Sexton in his exposure of the exposers of spiritualism, “and you will see how easy it is to get the hands out, although the rope looks most secure. You may even seal the end, as the doing so will not present the slighest difficulty in the way of getting out again.” If Miss Florrie Cook is really bound fast, as well as with apparent security, it is unfortunate for her that none of the several accounts of her exploits, given in Fritz’s compilation, satisfies the suspicions reader on so important a point. But though Miss Florrie may appear to gross materialists to be nothing more than a childish imitator of the Davenports, and a performer of repeatedly explained impositions, she is rated otherwise by the spiritualists, who declare her a veritable medium, and by the “spiritually disposed;” who like to call themselves “impartial observers” Anyhow, the young lady has succeeded in her profession, and made her papa famous. Leaving the scene of Miss Florrie’s performances, let us visit the photographic studio in the Halloway-road, where Mr. Fred A. Hudson is surrounded by spirits who persist in putting their likenesses on the plates placed in his camera. In March of last year he had “developed” a likeness of the famous Mrs. Guppy, when, to his astonishment, there appeared on the plate the semblance of a spirit by the side of the lady’s portrait. Experiments following on this strange incident satisfied Mr Hudson that he could produce any number of “spirit photographs” by exercising his industry in the presence of a medium. Subsequently he discovered that he could produce the same results in the absence of a regular medium—a fact which is supposed to indicate that he is himself possessed of mediumistic power- It is needless to say that the fortunate photographer has for several months driven a thriving trade in spirit-pictures. But his success has been attended with detraction and calumny. Persons have been found so incredulous as to question the genuineness of the portraitures, and so malicious as to accuse the artist of practising the articifice of “ ‘double exposure,’ a trick by which any photographer can easily produce ‘ghosts’ ad libitum.” He has been covered with abuse, and threatened with legal proceedings by those who are perverse enough to imagine themselves the dupes of trickery. But he perseveres in the path of duty, heedless alike of suspicion and slander. “He has steadily,” Fritz informs us, “ignored the insinuations of his enemies, and seems likely to survive the suspicions which his extraordinary productions have excited even in the breasts of spiritualists themselves.” Whilst the spirits are enriching this photographer, other demons are producing pictures in water colors and in oil. When Mr. Duguid, the picture-producing trance-medium of Glasgow, threw off a sketch which had a faint resemblance to an engraving of Ruysdael’s “Waterfall,” he knew nothing of the doings of his hands, which were moved by the “will- power” of the Dutch painter’s spirit. This being the case, one is surprised to learn that Ruysdael’s spirit advised the medium to attend the Glasgow Government School of Art, for the sake of acquiring greater manual facility. If Duguid’s intelligence was no power in the transaction, why was he admonished to take lessons in drawing? Perhaps Ruysdael of the spirit thought that his fleshly instrument would be more easily controlled if its muscles were exercised in the mechanical part of drawing. But Duguid’s case is, perhaps, less remarkable than that of Charles Swan, ætat 15, nephew of Mr. Thomas Wilson, ironmonger, of the Market-square, Aylesbury. This wonderful youth’s body has been repeatedly taken possession of by the spirits of Vandyck, Ruysdael, Hogarth, Turner, and Sir Charles Eastlake; and in a condition of trance-mediumship he has touched in a large gallery of pictures, which, though scoffers declare them to be the lad’s own performances, are, in truth, the works of the afore-named masters. Fritz admits that “very few of these works are equal to the productions of the same artists during life”—a fact which he suggests, “may be consoling to the living members of the profession, as no doubt the present Royal Academy would scarcely like being subject to the competition of the old masters.” The reader is by thts time so familiar with the conditions of trance mediumship, that it will cause him no surprise to learn that Mr. J. J. Morse, “the most celebrated trance medium in England,” is the mere speaking-tube of Tien-sien-ti, who was a Chinese mandarin some hundred and forty years ago. Possessed by the spirit of this whilom mandarin, Mr. Morse unconsciously lectures on various questions of moment, at the Spiritual Institution, 15, Southampton- row, London, and other places of spiritualistic reunion. The wisdom that, under these circumstances, comes from his lips is not his own wisdom. How should it be, since he is a man of no education, and only four years ago was the pot- boy of a London tavern? Gross materialists may think him a learned orator. But the spiritual need not to be told that his trance-speeches are the philosophic utterances of the ghostly Tien-sien-ti. To silence Prof. Huxley and other people who accuse the spirits of talking “twaddle,” Fritz gives some choice specimens of the mandarin’s doctrine. Denying that the spirits of the stout are more corpulent than those of the lean, Tien-sien-ti, to the great relief of the “Claimant,” has declared by the mouth of his instrument, J. J. Morse:— “The spirit assumes normal proportions, uninfluenced by any diseased conditions which may have produced the stoutness in earth-life. When spirits appear to seeing mediums, it is necessary that they should assume their earth- form in order to be identified. Those not long departed retain a full memory of their earthly condition, and thus appear externally in the earth-form.” It appears that the ghosts of Englishmen wear trousers and coats for some time after death, when they gradually relinquish them for more spiritual garments— “The dress of spirits,” says Tien- sien-ti, “does not depend so much on the exigencies of climate, as it is a question of choice on the part of the wearer. On its first entrance into the spirit world, the spirit follows its earthly habits, which alone occupy its memory in that respect. Spirits who are advanced a stage farther wear long flowing robes, indicative of their degree of development. Those in the lower spheres are clothed in a more material garb, of which is nearly allied to earthly fashions, and less spiritual than in the case of those who have ascended higher.” By the mouth of another trance medium, a “ghost, of authority in spiritual circles, has declared concerning drunkards— “The druukard on entering the spirit-world has an uncoutrollable desire for more drink. He longs to return to the earth, and when there he impresses some individual to drink, thereby gratifying his former propensity at the expense of some one else. In very many instances, the drunkard is incited to drink by the spirit of a deceased, but not always. The appetite for drink possessed by a drunkard after death continues often times for a long period; in other cases not so long.” Is Prof. Huxley satisfied that he has done the spirits injustice? 