IN LOVE WITH A PICTURE. (From Bow Bells J It was in truth a most beautiful portrait—a female head— perfectly Grecian. She might have been the Sybil when Apollo first be held her. But I cannot desoribe a face ; I never could examine beauty analytically, as you would a mineral or a piece of exquisite mosaic. I can hnlTflmr T rr w Anil fnlf it wan very, very lovely. My poor friend Fletcher was in an ecBtacy. 'Look at those eyes!' said he; 'look at those lips ! Now I never kissed a girl in my lite ; but if I could bnt see a pair of lips like those, with blood in them ! I know I am a sworn old bachelor, Moses ; but do you really suppose it is from nature? Let us see that catalogue — No. 73 — here it is, No. 73—' Miss Ellen Vincent.' 'Tis a pretty name, isn't it? But did you ever see so beautiful a face?' ' 0, yes,' I answered, ' a thousand times.' ? ' Name her, then.' I hesitated. In truth I could not. I was compelled to yield. We pursued our respective ways home, for the dinner-hour had arrived, and I bad no idea of sacrificing the substantial enjoy ment of a brace of partridges to the more refined perhaps, but, to my sordid taste, less congenial one of gazing at a woman's lovely face. My reflections concerning my infatuated friend were sombre enough as I pursued my homeward walk. I was bound to him by ties stronger than those which unite ordi nary friends. We were the two only old bachelors io the neighbourhood, and had together maintained the brunt of many a worldly contest in defence of our celibacy. I had long regarded him as a firm member of our honourable but persecuted fraternity. He had witnessed every trial ; he had over come every temptation. It was only a week before that he had assured me no lady had ever made an impression on his heart which lasted two houra after he had left her pre sence. Julias, Amelias, S trails, E nilys, Marias, Janes — all had attacked him, and all in vain. Yes, after all this, after having come off victorious in every encounter ; after having passed unsoathed through the furnace seven times heated, to fall in love with a picture! —a pieoe of canvas daubed over with paint and oil — a thing that any schoolboy might spoil with his inkstand ! It was too much. It waa like a noble ship, which, having crossed the ocean through storm and tem pest, and having triumphantly braved a thousand dangers of the sea, should be wrecked within sight of her intended haven, and upon an insiguificant shoal which had not been considered of sufficient importance even to be avoided. When I dropped in upon my friend the next morning I found him still raving about the portrait. I remonstrated — I attempted to reason with him. Alas ! how little bad reason to do either with his malady or his disposition. I reminded him of the many illustrious men who had been proud to enrol their names on the undying record of oeli bacy. It was all in vain. I tried ridicule ; but be was unmoved. I told him of the oertainty with whioh marriage was followed by family quarrels and pettiooat govern ment. It was void and of no effect. Fletcher was orazy ; more — he was in love — a thousand times worse, for there are plenty of lunatio asylums ; but alaok for the boasted philanthropy of the age, who ever heard of a love asylum? How muoh time and how muoh money have been devoted to amelio rating the condition of those who are bereft of reason, and yet nothing has been done for the viotims of the tender passion, bb if a man's brainB were of more importance than his heart. 1 have digressed. Had almost any other calamity befallen my friend, there oould have been some remedy. Had be broken a limb, it might have been mended ; a broken bone will .knit together in nine days ; had he oracked his skull, it might have been fixed by trepanning ; but Fletcher was in that peculiar situation for whioh there was no present remedy ; he waa out of humanity's reach. But there was one oonsolation : he was entrusted only witb a portrait. This was far different trom falling in love with a little witoh in flesh and blood. The portrait oould not talk ; there was a difference surely ; it oouldn't take his arm of a moonlit evening, and walk out ot everybody's hearing; it could not reoeive long letters, and write long answers ; in a word, it oould ' neither marry nor be given in marriage.' I had forgotten all this - while that there waa an original to that portrait ; Fletcher had not. Some months passed away, and my friend waa as orazy as ever. Time, indeed, seemed rather to. increase than to heal his malady. One day he entered my room in gre it haste. ' I am going,' said he, ' to Brighton immedi..tely, and have come for you to go with me.' '* Why, in the name of common sense, are yon goiug to Brighton P ' I asked. ?' 1 have just heard that Mi*s Ellen Vin oent is there. I know tbe street and the number. There oan be no mistake.' ' And so you iotead to call upon her, with no other introduction than your own impu dence f Fletcher, this is worse than I should have expected, even from y iu. I warn yon now as you regard your — — ' _ ?'Ol yon need not go on ; I anticipate what you intend to Say. I have heard it bo often I know it all by heart. Besides, I have madfl op my fflind on the subject. The tram leaves at three. We have no time to lose. Just send down joor portmanteau, and I will hear it all when we ars on onr jonraey, though it be for the . hundredth time. I^will — npon my word,; I will— and I will not goasieep, aa I did the 'last time, but wilibearittrith all powible patienee. I And then, if you convince me, Mooes— and j yon know yo« v0l»«t vill return.' . ;Findiag4iurtttotbui;gtartild-retttiain liiai, j I .oonsentid to beto hha iompany, inthe j hope that-tnygoaidifca bare nJigbtproreih ! IdMH-mfr-feiMfiiiak*. *** i 1 Whumwm *nfrs*»tthsfaiaMNi %il*lng» plaoe, Fletcher's first visit was to ,a friend, who, rather fortunately— or rather Unfortu nately—knew the lady of whom he. was in suoh impatient quest. He promised an introduction ; and my companion returned to his hotel, and passed the .remainder of the day in dressing. It was the first time 1 had ever seen him neat— this love works sad ohanges in a man's character— and be was really a fine-looking fellow. At the appointed time his friend arrived, and they departed together. I was readiog a very interesting work on partial insanity and mental hallucination, when I was inter rupted by Fletcher's well- known step. I heard him, as he ascended the stairs, give orders to be awakened at six. ' What is the matter now ?^' I inquired, as he entered. ' Why, it's all up ! Would you believe it? Miss Vincent went to Hastings this very morning. But the train starts at seven. Tou will go, of course ? ' Here was a quandary. 1 certainly was unwilling to leave the victim to theguidanoe of hia own recklessness. He might be off in a tangent from Hastings to New Tork or Egypt, or tbe North Pole. I consented to go upon condition that we should return in three days at farthest. This I insisted upon, not with the remotest hope of its fulfilment, but merely as an excuse to my own con science. In due time we arrived at Hastings. We had scarcely entered our hotel, when my companion deserted me. In a few hours he returned with a most joyful countenance. '1 have caught her at last,' he exclaimed as he entered. 'She is here.' Here he compressed his lips with exultation. ' She is soon to give a ball on her birthday. I have seen our friend Smith, and he has pro mised to obtain an invitation for both ot us.' 'Indeed,' said I; 'you are kind. At whose. request, pray, did you solicit an invi tation for me ? ' ' O, I supposed you would like to go, of J course. But don't make a bother about it; I will take no denial.' The next morning notes of invitation were sent to both of us. ' I wonder if the post is in ? ' said I. ' I wonder if there will be a large asBem bly ? ' was tbe response. 'What a gloomy day!' continued I, scratching my name in tbe vapour whioh I had breathed on the window. ' Wnat beautiful writing!' observed my friend. ' Just look at it?' i 'Beautiful? I can't read it for the life of me. What word is that?' ' Non»ense ! Tou bave got the wrong paper. I mean the rose-ooloured. D - you suppose a lady writes invitations on fools cap? ' My friend had beanme learned inthe man ners and customs of the ladies. ' Tou have improved wonderfully,' said I, 'since last summer. When your sister eent to you for a pair of gloves, you pur- ] chased for her a pair large enough for any I omnibus-driver or cabman.' ' W ell, I will teach you all I have learned. Shall we commenoe our first lesson? You have endeavoured to invest me with prudence and discretion many a time. I will now aot the tutor. Heaven grant me suocess.' 'I am obliged certainly. But as ynur new soiences will be of little praotioal utility, you will excuse ine.' ' Well, do as you will. All I can hope is that you may, on some happy day fall in love yourself.' ' Tou can hardly have wished me a more severe punishment. But a hen I do beoome enamoured it shall not be with a portrait, I think I oan say tbat.' ' And I hope to convince you to-morrow evening that I too, can love something besides a portrait.' The expected evening arrived. Accom panied by our friend we departed for the residence of the fair hbstess. The street was crowded with carriages, and we did not reaoh the door without some difficulty. The rooms were brilliant with splendour of art, and dazzling with the loveliness of nature. Nothing was wanting in luxury or in elegance. Fletcher hastened on until he reaohed the room where our hostess was. standing. A small centre was in the middle, and several of the guests advanoed towards it. After a few minutes they retired. The lady of tbe house was manifestly there. 'Where is she?' asked Fletoher, eagerly. 'That lady in the very oentre of the circle,' answered our friend ; she with the cap.' ' She dresses plainly, oonsidering the oooaeion. What a little hand, and how nicely that white glove is fitted to it ! I wish she would turn this way.' The lady did turn. My wonder-stricken companion danced about as if he had been stung by a nest of hornsts, or bittsn by a boa-oonstrictor. The blood rushed to his faoe. He uttered an unintelligible exclama tion, and hastened from the room as speedily as the dense crowd would permit. He seized the first bat he encountered, and in a few minutes was at his hotel. ' Birthday !'eaid some one in my hearing. ' How old is she ? ' ' Fifty-seven 1 ' . I did not laugh — I did not shout. I was rejoiced and it was with no common joy. I felt assured, that after this folly, Fletcher would become a sound old bachelor, a faith ful old member bf our club, and a useful one of society. When 1 entered his apartment he was busily engaged in paokiog his trnnk. How ehapfallea 1 I addressed to him words of oonsolation. I flattered myself that, at that favourable epoch remarks of due solemnity upon matters of matrimony and celibacy would sink deep intp his heart and be productive of beneficial consequenoes. ? ? . ? ? ? * ? ' It is very like you,' aaid Fletoher to his lovely wife as they stood looking at a por trait, which had been transferred from an old bachelor's hall to an elegant parlodr ; ' and how much I am indebted to it ! believe me, Ellen, I shiall always patronise the fine arts.' ' And birthday balls, too,' asked his wife with an arch smile. 'No— pardon me; I detest them, and if ?verlattend.lanotber-i— i'' 'Ton will not mistake my old aunt for met ' ' The world is full of changes. . Politlmans sin not the only tdrnooats. I hava, myael£ anew set of opinions, , ?- Oabskk or' a &orpbioin; IBbhuhdI— 0f ths death of T»ke Arvafaitati,' the notorious te^aad, 4hm id^^ NieeM to be little doubt; bnt as to the manner of his death accounts vary. The followiog ' new ver sion '*is given by the Levant Herald, on the authority of a correspondent at Volo, who begs ' in the interests of truth ' that the original narrative of the end of this now historical character may be rectified, and tbe actual facts made known. Arvanitaki'a band, he says, numbering sixteen men, came to the village of Velech on September 2 in quest of provisions. Mehemet Ali Pasha, the commander of the Turkish troops, how ever, was informed by his spies of the des cent of the brigands, and sent secret intelli gence of the faot to tbe ohiefs of the flying columns of soldiers, eaoh of which had to watch over a distinot portion of the province. On the following morning, therefore, the robbers found that they were being pursued, and were obliged to take rpfuge first at Aphidia and then at Palee --Aphidia, where the soldiers lost sight of them. Tako and his band now retreated in the direction of LakreBh. But about two houra after the gang fell upon an ambusoade laid for them by Moussa Agha, a captain in the 8th com pany of the 2nd-battalion of Houdoudiehs (frontier guards), and commanded at the time by Bamazan Onbashi (sergeant). The ambuscade was composed of nine soldiers and two villagers of Lakresh, Naco Bomano and Mitro Oodhemitro. The skull of Tako waB pierced by a bullet, and his death waB instantaneous. His fifteen companions, however, whose flight was favoured by the darkness and the shelter of an adjacent forest, esoaped. The head of Tako Was re moved from his shoulders and brought to Oksha, where it was shown to Mehemet Ali Pasha, who ordered it to be buried in aooord ance with the Greek rite. Up to tbe 4th in stant, five brigands of the band of Tako had surrended to the Turkish troops, leaving only ten desperate ruffians prowling about the district. It is to be hoped that no blunder has arisen about tbe head supposed to belong to Tako; but in these days of ' mistaken identity ' it is impossible not to feel some misgivings. The gentleman killed must anyhow have been a disagreeable character. Caution to Barbers. — S ome yeirs ago the passengers of a coach, pasting through a country town, were alarmed by seeing a hairdresser, pale aa a ghost, rush out of bis shop with his scissors and a comb in his hand, and clamber frantically to the lop of the vebiole as it pursued its journey, uttering the most piercing shrieks of despair. When he had somewhat recovered his composure, he gave the followiog explanation of hisoon duct:— He was, he said, engiged in cutting a customer's hair, and while thus employed became so absorbed io conversation that he forgot to control his operations, and, too late, found that he had clipped tbe hair to suoh an extent that he had produced a large bald patch on the head of tbe unoonscious victim of his carelessness. Dreading the conse quences when the fatal mistake should be discovered, be prolonged tbe sitting until the coach made its appearauoe, and then buocbbb fully effected his esoape, intending never again to return to the scene of his profes sional disgraoe. It is surprising that hair dressers, with all tbeir chatter during the time they are at work, do not more fre quently commit similar errors, and they will no doubt be awakened to tbe serious respon sibilities of their ponition by a small-debt action which o-me up before SheriffSubsti tute Clark, in Glasgow, reoently, involving a question of no small importanco to bar bers geuerally. A lady sued a hairdresser for £12 damages, for having, as she alleged, while dressing her hair, shorn it too olosely. As put by the pursuer's agent, the question for a sheriff-substitute to decide i*, if a bar ber ii instructed to out off (-ay) two inohes from the length of a customer's hair, is he entitled to cut four? Toe case has been adjourned to allow evidence ' to be led,' and in the meantime barbers will do well to be cautious; for. if the GlaFgow lady wins her oase, others who feel the breezes blowing with unoomfortable freshness about their heada on leaving hairdressers' shops will no doubt claim compensation. Forests iir German?.— Few people have any idea of tue extent ot forest land in Gar many, and most imagine that of the Black Forest little is left except, a tradition and a conventional blister of woodland eo named. On the contrary, io Hanover alone there are 900,000 acres of wood under state manage ment, while nearly a fourth part of tbe area of Prussia is in forest, although half of tbat is in private hands. As is well knowo, tbe forest administration in particular districts has long been famoua, especially in Thuringia and the Harts Mountains. In N irth Ger many generally the responsibilities are allotted in districts among a carefully organ ised body of officers, presided over by a forest direotor. The appointments are fairly re munerated, and they are so eagerly sought after that candidates will remain on proba tion for years at their own cost, or with moderate and precarious pay, in the hope of securing a place in the o -rps at last. A Lady Buhked to Death — Mrs. M. D. Babingtou, the mother of Professor Ohurcbill Babington, of Qjokfield, Suffolk, and aunt of Professor Oharles Babington of Cam bridge, has just met her death by burning. An inquest was held by tbe borough coroner ojf Cambridge. Mrs. Elizabeth Lucy Key, w)th whom the deceased lodged at Ne wham, deposed that the deceased was nearly eighty years, and one nigbt last week witness, whilst in bed, had her attention attracted to deceased's room by a low moaning noise. On proceeding to the room she found Mrs. Babington standing at the foot of the bed in flames. Witness covered her with tbe hearth-rng, threw her down, and endeav oured to extinguish the flames. Everything was burnt off her, and the bedolothes were on fire. The poor lady expired the next day. The jury returned a verdict of ' acoideutal death.' Quite Uhreabohable.— An Irish laborer,, who was in tbe employment of an English' gentleman redding in Ireland, was on one. occasion about £oing to a fair, held annually at a neighbouring village, when his . matter endeavoured to dissuade him front his design. . ' You'always,' aaid he, 'come back with a broken head; now, stay at home to-day, Pbelim, and I'll give you five ahilUng*.' 'I'm for ever and all obliged to yer honor,' replied Phelim j ' but doefc. it^atand tp rasoo,1' added he, flourishing his' shtllelagl). over fats head—' does |t s^nd to ^Mm' tbat; I'd take five! shillings for the grate batin' *fm thgettb-dsy?' \ ^ 'A P^haipObohestra.— Fr.monr Paris oorrespondeat ' wa 'leara^ .that 'tbe leminias or&Mtt;* that hM jb^ Jplajring snth 'msjr: signal siicoess in virions Esraptu e^iitslf 'u equally socesssful here, sad ell the leaden of orchestras in costs and trousers are going to listen to tbsse performers in pettioosK and coming away with tbe conviction tbst tbe former will have to Ionic to tbeir laurels. The company consist* of forty-five players, nfagea varying apparently from 15 to 35; all intnlligent-looking and pleasing, and several of them exceedingly pretty. They all wear amber-coloured dresses with black bodies— tbe skirts trimmei with black, tbe bodies trimmed with amber; and all wear a yellow rose in their hair, on tbe left aide of their head. Their leader, Madame Armann Wsin lich, who is also ths manager of tbe affair, wears a black velvet dress with an amber scarf, and tbe regulation-rose in ber hair— the Austrian colours indicative of the na tionality of the band. Madame Wienlich is pleasing and graceful, looks to be about five-and-twenty, leads admirably, and is sdmirably seconded by ber ladyexecut ant*, Who seem to be on the best terms with ber and with each other; and abe is evidently a good magician, and she accom panies on the piano all the soli, and a charming waits of ber own composition figures among tbe other pieoe9 they play. A few nights since tbey gave a special performance f -r tbe leading musicians and amateurs of this capital, and with great success. Mademoiselle Pauline Jewe performed a violin solo on Der Frey scbutz with a spirit and delicacy tbat many professed violinists of ths other sex m'ght envy; Mademoiselle Elis* Wienlich obtHii.ed the warmest applause hy ber performance of a fantasia for violoncello on G'lil'iaume Tell. A new pnlkA, in piuicato, hy Strsu«s of Vienna, was a great success, and was encored. When tlii-t admirable company has felt its way in tbe Casino of the Rue Cadet, where it now gi'ing its four concerts weekly, it will probably establish itself in a more fashionable and central locality. 'Convbrted' Champagne — At the central criminal court, Beuoni Le Blanc, des cribed as a gentlemanly-lnnking man, pleaded guilty to a charge brought under tbe Trade Marks Aot, of having unlawfully forged tbe brand and trade-mark of Mesars. Moet and Cbandon, the well-known ohsmpagne mer chants. Mr. Poland, wbo prosecuted, stated that the prisoner kept a wine and refreshment shop in Berwiok-sirept, and he was al*o known as a skilled bottler of effervescing wines. He went to M. Valeriani, a wioe merohant in Cranbourne-street, and stated tbat be oould convert wine of an inferior character by means of forged brand* and labels into wine of a supposed much more valuable character. M. Valeriani bad at the time a number of quart and pint cases of champagne worth 25 j. per dozen, and he banded them over to the prisoner. Tbey were returned with Most and Cbandon's label on them ; tbe corks were alio branded witb ths name of that firm, and the wine was placed in genuine cases of Meairs. Moet end Cbandon's. The prisoner was paid 8s. per dnzen for 'converting ' tbe quarts, and 10s. for the pints. A portion of the wine was sold to a refreshment-bouse keeper io the Strand at 48s. per doz^n, the wholesale price of Moet and Cbandon's wine being 57s. per dozen. After the diasovery of tbe fraud, it was ascer tained that the prisoner occupied two cellars in Portland- road, in whioh were found a corking and uncorking machine, forged brands of Messrs. Moet and Chan don, Rooderer, and other celebrated champ gie firms ; also forgnd labels of the same fir-ns, old genuine oases, and other things required to oar/y out the fraud. Tb» grand jury and tbe magistrate als - expressed a very strong opininn with regard to the share (bat Valeri an i had in the transaction ; but the prosiisutors believed tbat he was npeakinir the truth, and they made h m a witness for the prosecutinn. The recorder sentenced the prisoner to twelve months' imprisonment and hard labour. The forged bonds aod labels were ordered to be givec up to the proseoutors to be destroyed.— Home News, New Locomotive Power.— A Hun garian named Meater bas discovered a nsw iooomntive, which is propelled by oppressed air instead of by steam. Sneer *1 Hungarian engineers express warns approval of this dis covery, and funds are being raised for trying tbe locomotive on railways and roads. Moving Inoidknt. — Rather touching fs this: — In the neighbouring county of New Jersey, Mrs, A. entered a house where a funeral was to bs held. Walking np to the eoffin, she looked at the deceased steadily, and muttered, ' very much changed ! ' She seated bersslf, but soon arose And took a second look, repeating tbe remark. A third time she looked, and a third time exo'aimed, 'How chinged!' 'Madam,' aud a by stander. ' this is John West's body ; Nanoy Green's funeral is next door!' And she went out from thence into tbe neighbouring strnotiire,' — Harper's Monthly. O 'Nsolat iry. — A mttntnt in the rural distriots lately gave her five-year-old hopeful an outfit of fishing-tackle. Soon she heard a shout from Willie, and running out, found one of her best hens fast winding up the line in her orop, whither the hook had preceded it, Willie, observing the troubled look of his mothsr, quiokly remarked, ' don't worry, mother. I guess she will etop when she gets to the pole.' 