SAVE US FROM OUR FRIENDS. :: Mr. Bushe was 'said to; be tiio funtiy mdh of the English cricketing team,. Mr. W; J; Day is evi-', dently thofunny 'man out of;it,; Nothing that P have read for a long time past in the ; comic peri-' odicals has amused me half so, much as the letter oi tins apologist for Messrs. ,W. G. Grace and Gilbert. A more delightfully illogical epistle could surely not have been penned by Handy Andy, that prince of blunderers. The writer commences with a mess, and ends in a fog. Pray what is a " deliberate error," if the expres sion be. not a euphemism for a wilful misstate ment? What object could Southcrton gain by accusing the Grace family 'party of a breach of contract at the last minute in respect of the <da<m in which the so-called amateurs and the profes sionals were to travel? The charge is a serious one, and should have been refuted by the captain himself. If he had, as alleged, all the control of the passage arrangements, how comes it that cable messages passed between England andj3cl- bourne more than once relative to this very ques tion of class? If Lilly white was correct in his first letter, as stated by Mr. Day, how could Mr. Biddle be other than wrong in his reply ? And if Souther- ton be right, where are tho other two? But your correspondent, who, after making confusion worse confounded on the great passage question, tells ns naively that "on tho leading London, grounds" tho goats are separated from the sheep ; that the gentlemen and the professionals have different pavilions. I fail to see the difference between the two, if the late importation be a fair specimen of the former. Like Air. M'Donncll, I am of opinion that if there be a distinction it is all in favor of the hundred and seventy pounders, not of the great fifteen hundred pounder and other guns of smaller but comparatively speak ing heavy calibre. But I would go further, and ask which of the Grace lot have not sailed under false colors by allowing their names to appear in big placards and other printed form as gentlemen, in contradistinction to the professionals. Be cause W. g. urMe is a bright particular star, and always takes care to charge star prices for his serriccs, is he, any the lew a paid player than the lesser lights to whose tails "esquire" is not clapped? I hold him to havo been for the past seven years to all intents and purposes a professional cricketer. Has he not received from £10 to £25 for every match he played in in Eng land almost ever since he commenced hid arduous medical studies ? And docs he not always insist on brother George being included in the swim ? Tho weakest statemcut, to iny thinking, in Mr. Day's letter is, that Grace must be a gentleman because "ho could, bring himself to apologise to Mr. Bndd." This is of a verity a new definition of.' the term gentleman, 'that, because ''after 'a wanton insult to one who. bad, volupteerod:to un dertake the thankless duties of a strange team's umpire/ a ' sense- of shame' caused regret to be f expressed. . Why :' ; crossing-sweeper would , do as much for ( the ' accidental splashing-'; of' a." man's '.hoots ..in ' tho 'street. Ho, wishes " me- to emphatically deny , that the -eleven is- a.i". job lot;1' What. were. Air. Gilbert's flfstrcLiss-matches lakt" season, I. sbpuld: like to 'know ?7 And- wo did; he;havo- stood the ghost of a cbancc'.pf ' being, selected if Spiers and 'Pond bad, been the choosers instead of Gilbert's first cousin j7,\Ym. 7 Gil bbrtV Grace?, As to Boulb's umpiring, why : -it: was las - uncrickelliko as bis cricket, and that- is a bold word. Hnmxihrcys, too, is only a : seconds raten -and ;bnt for nis wicket keeping Bushe. would rank worthily with tlie muiFs., , !In .conclusion,; let'mo express a wish tbat .we have no mora, mixed .teams, professionals and spurious aristocrats. . ; Y-; 7'; 7 7.7;: ; ; i ; YORKSHIREM AN. . ; 