Incidents and Adventures of My Eua Home. fBï AN AUSTRAI/IAN.l (CONXINUJíü.") UK had already commenced a shorthorn herd of unquestioned purity of blood. He was about to introduce a larger and more profitable breed of sheep, lie had bought up all tho small properties that could be got hold of, and had so acquired an extensive tract of country, which he was draining, planting, fencing, and cropping with all the new lights of agriculture, and all his ancient energy, " All this is very fine," said I, meditatively; "still wo used to question the probable paying nature of unlimited improvemouts in our country. But what of ' your own flesh and blood,' what of the chil dren of the soil-deuced damp soil it is, too ?" " Well, I hadan awful amount of bother with them, I must own," said ho, "and it isn't all done yet. 1 thought my heart would have broke. There were such hordes of them. Fancy buying a run in Riverina, with twenty milos of frontage, and linding four hundred families on that part alone, which is nothing to the density of population on some estates." " But "they would pay rent and cultivate the ground," I argued, "Tho divil a pay-or, if they did furnish a trifle of real, absolute cash, occasionally, it was swal lowed up in tile dire difficulty of collection, and the ' harassing legislation' to which I should have been compelled to subject them to ensure any regularity of income. As for cultivation, the less s aid about that the better." Then what did you effect, eventually?" I inquired. " Well, I helped a' great number to emigrate to America. A five-pound note goes a good way here. Some, who wero amenable to reason, I persuaded to go to Australia. To many of tho able-bodied men I-havo given constant employment at compa ratively high wages, and 1 atu weeding out tho bud aud irreclaimable by degrees, though I don't know but what I may get ' improved off tho face of the earth' myself some day. I've felt a deuced sight safer within a mile of a gang of bushrangers than I do here occasionally," " It's as bad as taking up new country," said I, compassionately. "Worse-a hundred times worse; keep the blacks away, and you were always pretty safe ; but hore you are in the midst of the aboriginals night and day. And a Ribbon agent may drop you as you come homo from hunting, or let drive a handful of slugs through the window-as we're sitting here this minute." " God forbid !" said I, heartily-at which . he laughed. '. I'm an Irishman, and so I must bear it, Rolf, as I've been brought up to it, And, as I've commenced this thing, I'll see it out, you may be sure." " I know that," said I ; "but now let us dismiss these philanthropical and homicidal reflections they seem to run curiously close to ono another in these parts. 1*11 play you a match of billiards the best of three, and then to bed." Tile next morning dissipated any unpleasant thoughts on O'Grady's part, that he was going to fall iu tho breach, a pioneer of civilization, and wo rode together over his property, when he exhi bited the improvements completed under his directions with pardonable pride. " Do you see those slate-roofed cottages ?" he said; "'every tenant of them swote ho would die of cold if I took tho rotten thatch oft'. ' I haven't a great while to live,' said ono old fellow, solemnly, ' and sure ye'll let nie die in peace, without piling thoso cold stones above the head of mo.' " " * Didn't ye have fever last year? answer me that.' " " * I had, and glory be to God, I recovered from that same.' " " ' Then you'll take my way, now,' said I, * and I'll guarantee you never have tho fever among you again, if you'll be ruled by me.'" Did you conquer their prejudices, in the long run ?;' " I did, with ' money and fair words,' and I am now organizing a scheme to lighten the pressure ot' population here. I have some little property still in Australia, you know." " I was aware of that fact-wished I had half the little property." " Well, us the young couples marry, and they marry very early, too-Ute improvident rascals that they aro-(wonderfully moral also, I grant that)-1 givo thom a passage out, a few pounds to start with, and let them havo a farm a Burrawonga. The land is rich there, and they can either become ' cocka toos,' or take to boundary-riding, shepherding, or stock-keeping, whichever they prefer. Anyhow, Ireland sees them no more; and they go to a land where every child they have, if they have twenty, can have a sheep to eat for 1Ü3 own share onco a month, anti it hundred-weight of flour every quar ter, besides a catty-box of ten and a bug of sugar yearly." "That sounds well in their oars, within hail of Lough Corrib, I doubt not," said I, " but it's won derful how little they think of those food-niteucles in the land of Gosheu, when once they have crossed the desert." " True for you ; sure- human naturo was always perverse-so they tell us-and when ye come to irish nature all calculation and uxperiuuco are at fault. Can't yu fancy one of tinsse boys, who doosn't seo meat once a mouth, or has as much chanco of gotting it as of ' pate do fois gras,' or ' canard traille,' walking gravely up to the overseer, saying that tho hutkeopor couldn't get a sheep last night, and how could a man bo expected to work without a bit of mate for breakfast." " 1'vo seen it many a time," I answered ; " per haps it's tho voyage, which is long and lazy, that demoralises them, or tho bad examplo of tho colo nial hands; but it is tho fact, nevertheless, that tho vegetarian 1'addy is tho first man to kick up a dust about the temporary absonco of beefsteaks from any meal whatsoever of his gratuitously supplied and very abundant board." " ' There's nae perfection,' as that Scotchman'at Hamilton's, told ILS, you remember, when ho con ceded tho fact ol' Ida wife having a thick waist. But I find my countrymen, us colonists, just about "us good und us bad as other Britons. Tho next generation of them at Burrawonga will bo better taught, better fed, and better able than their fathers to do their share towards intelligently governing themselves. Moro than that 1 don't expect. And so much will pay nie for my trouble." " Aud is your idea of a trans-Pacific and glori fied Connemara actually progressive, and in work ing order ?" 1 inquired. Every month," he answovod, " sees tho farms enlarging-tho unreasonable, unprofitable, tillage being turned into grazing. I have established several schools, and something like a model indus trial place, whero the youngsters can learn the a h c of chemistry and agriculture." " Well, I wish you all kinds of luck old fellow," said I. " It keeps you employed at any rate, and may be said to save your life"in that respect, as I know, if you couldn't work hard at something, there would soon be an end of Maurice O'Grady." " Suppose we have our grog and turn in, after that compliment," quoth Maurice, "and to-mor row we'll have a ride ' over the run,' as we used to say." Tho next was very nearly a fino day, wonderful to relate, so we mounted upon a couple of powerful, half-bred horses ; we elida long day's ride round O'Grady's property. It was extensive, very pictur . esquo in places, remarkably good land, and show ing, by occasional half-tenanted hamlets, or rows of roolless cabins, that a considerable migration had lately taken place, " Eather a sad sight," I saidgpointing to a cluster of roofless cabins. Aro you sure you aro not assist ing the undesirable stage of civilization Where wealth accumulates ¡and men decay?" " There's a very plausible ring about that line, I confess,"saidlie, "though, when such a goose as old Oliver affirmed an economic axiom of any sort, it was pretty sure to be wrong Where men accumulate and wealth decays was much more true about the circumstances which led to .the sinfully excessive over-population of Ireland. Anyone (old Cobbett notably did) might have predicted the inexorable calamity. Anil it came. But for emigration, Irish famines .would have been as periodical and terrible us those of Bengal." " I think I hear of a distinguished countryman of yours once saying, Maurice, that if one irish man was to be roasted, you could always get ano ther Irishman to turn the spit. You seem to be rather hard on your countrymen." "I'll give them all a spit of their own about here," said he, laughingly, "andmaybe something to roast on it, too, before I've done. But I don't conceal their short-comings ; and since I've been to Australia things look rather differently to me. It will all work right in the end, I dare say." Notwithstanding Goldsmith, I could not but feel deeply interested in the well- considered enterprises which O'Grady had organized. He had gone to work with his proverbial shrewdness and libe rality. On all sides, well-fenced, enclosures, arte rial drainage-works, careful cultivation, and neat farm buildings, met my view. Improved breeds of cattle, Ayrshires, Herefords, and Shorthorns, revelled in the wide pasture-lands, for which the estate had long been famous. The small mountain sheep, with tho exception of a flock at the home farm, kept for mutton, had been displaced by goodly broad-backed Leicesters and Cotswolds. Tlie plough and waggon-teams showed that Clydes dales and Suffolks had been imported with no sparing hand. There was a cheese and butter factory on the American plan, whilo the hams and flitches of bacon, stored in great quantities ready for export, showed that the proverbial pig of tho cottier had been superseded by the less agile but more highly civilized porcine cube from Berkshire and the neighbouring beans and bacon counties. We entered well-built, well-attended schools, full of ruddy-faced, neatly-clothed children. Gangs and troops of labourers, in all directions, were employed under intelligent superintendence on tho works in progress ; whilo to my extremo sur prise 1 suddenly encountered the sunburnt visage I of an old acquaintance, a former overseer of O'Gra dy's, whom I believed to be somewhere in tho great saltbush ocean of Eiverina at that very moment, " Why, Johnny Branagan," said I, incredulously, " am 1 to believe that this is yourself, in the flesh? You look fairly well for a ghost. But I never dreamed you were anywhere but at Yarrauga jeldreo, whero I last met you, mustering fat cattle." " Mr. Boldrewood," said the individual thus ad dressed-abig, brown-faced, pleasant-looking man, about thirty, who, dressed in a suit of rough grey tweed, and round hat, was directing a party of laborers busy at pulling down and carting away a dilapidated stone wall-"it's a sight for sore eyes to see a gentleman from tho old place again. Didn't the governor toll you I was hero ?" "No, Johnny," answered Maurice for himself ; "sure 1 wanted to givo him a little start. You eua tell him now that 1 thought a chango to a 'green grass country' would do you good, and »hat you were due for it, after those dry seasons in' that howling desert of a Yarrangajeldreo." " Well, sir, it's all very well for a year or two ; and it was rattier a blessing for the first months to have no flies or mosquitoes to think about, and no fear of the water drying up. lt's a ripping grass country about here, though it's awful wet, and eaten up .alive with ' freo selectors'-I mean peoplo." "And how do you tilinte life in tlio old country will suit you, Johnny ?" I further inquired. " Oh, I'm not going to LIVE hero, sir," returned the Australian, quickly and decidedly. "Mr. O'Grady only liad me tioino for a couple ol' years to help knock this place into working order, ho says. 1 couldn't live here, not if you was to make mè a present of the lot, purchased land and nil. It's too small ; no extent of country, no chance to get on in liff. My peoplo carno from about here, and I'm glad I've seen it. But give me the open country for it." " I'm not sure hut that I'm ol' your opinion, Johnny," 1 answered ; " for the present, at any ; rate, ono don't knowhow they may 1'col when they , are old. You and I may bu glad to »it down in a , settled district yet, eli ?" j " Can't say how it may be whoa a man's grey, , or usocl up, or married, or something of that sort, sir," saiil he reflectively. " But I want a few years' moro mustering, or exploring, or camping out, before I'm put on the tether, or paddocked up in a place like this. How tho fellows stand it in these parts licks me. But I think I've opened some of their eyes for 'em." " I think you have, Johnny," said Maurice, ap provingly ; " we shall see a good many Galway faces on the Narran and the Lucldan, by-and-by." "Some of the youngsters are getting pretty restless," answered the henchman, " and all the better for 'em. Fine chaps, too; 1 should like to have the breaking in of them when they como, out." "So you shall, Johnny," said his master; "you will be'the boy to handle them till they cometo their bearings. They won't bo ablo tell you any yarns about what they were used to at home." " I think not, sir, and we shall get on together all tho better for it. Good- bye, Mr. B«ldrewood." Here we rode towards another part of the estate, where O'Grady lind a small flock of pure Spauish merinos, which he had been at some considerable cost to procure from their own country, and from which, as they were of the highest known lineage, and from a " cabana" of utterly inestizuable value, lie expected a stud flock which would render Bur ra wanga a kind of Mecca in tho merino faith of tho period, " 1 went over to Spain myself, me hoy, on their account, saw a bull-light, and crossed some of the plains of Estramaduiu. Wonderfully like Australia in many respects. No wonder both nations went into tlie line wool-producing business. The same hot, stony plains, the same style of watercourses, the samé rocky ravines. Oniy one country is station ary or retrograde; the other is advancing with the speed of au express train- towards wealth, power, and civilization." "Thank you kindly, Maurice, ns you say in these parte; and so you did not consider my nerves, and permitted mo to como across Johnny Branagan, without warning." "1 did then. I wanted your opinion about tho speculation, without any explanation beforehand. And Johnny is a part, and a very important part, of tho whole grand idea." " Well it is a grand idea, Maurice," said I, " and worthy of you. People in Australia used to say your heart was as good as your head ; and so they wondered you ever made any money." He grasped my hand, and wrung it without speaking. " I was lucky/.Rolf, me boy, lucky. Didn't I lose all my money but a few hundreds, and toss up iu rale earnest whether I should go back to Ireland, I or try a last chance ia Australia. It came do wu ' heads,' aud I laid out my last hundred pounds in cattle-(deuced near drowned they were, too, crossing tho Murray}. I made ceut. per cent, on them, and never touched any thing that didn't pay after. And now, please God, what I have will benefit others beside myself." "You deserve every shilling you havo made," said I ; " but you were going to tell me about Johnny Branagan," " Bedad ! he's my grand idea intirely. I have a notion that 1 should have made a Tall y rand or a Bismarck if I'd taken to F. 0. instead of the Colonial Department. Well, I was smoking om evening after breaking my heart explaining to ii lot of great strong oivils with nothing to do, what a great country Australia was. They listened with politeness, but I was [doubtful if they believed ii word I said. 'Sure, I wanted to get them away, they thought, ' to a hot furrin place, where they'd be sold into slavery, maybe, or eat up by wild bastes.' What will I do, thought I, to snow them what sort of man an Irishman turns into out there." " Now I see-so you thought of Johnny, i Couldn't havo hit on a better ' sample.' " I "You have it. I had just got n letter from Hawker, my general manager, to say that Johnny Branagan had come down with the tenth lot of fat i cattle in six .months, and that lie looked rathei overworked, and complained of his eyes. So, I wroto at once, and had him sent home, and here he is; and lie's worth more to me as an advertise ment for tlie colonies than a dozen emigration lecturers." " How is that ?" I inquired. " Well, I can refer to him, you seo. ' Look there, II say, 'ye spalpeens, thero's a man for ye! go and ! wrestle'a bout with him, and seo if tho heat hat relaxed his muscles. You know what a great, powerful, activo chap lie is.' " " Yes indeed," I said ; " don't you remember-his picking up that stockyard post and putting it on his shoulders at Wargildah ? Thero was not ano' tlier man at the muster could do it." " Sure, lie has an arm like a horse's leg. Then he is a smart, honest, sober chap, and can leeor. I accounts well, and reads a little, and writes i pretty good fist. Don't yo remember his grnndfa tlier," 1 continued, " Tha'dy Branagan, that rentot two acres of mountain land, and had the sonso t( lave it for Botany Bay ?" "Wo do," they all said; "that is, ould False? Byan tould us."' " And what do you think o£ Johnny, then ?" 1 demanded of them ; " do ye think it would bo an? harm to seo your gossoons growing up like bim i Do you know I. give him JELOO a year ; ¡ind he'll maybe, have a station of his own some day ?" " Bogara," said tho spokesman, a shrewd fellov enough, " he's a nintlemun, that's what ho is he might stay wid us and sot up for a ' half-sir, only that lie lias no pride at all-at ¡ill. Tho divi resàve tho hit of pride! Sure, he'll sit down wie ii.H ¡uni smoke, and tell stories of tho wild catth and the kangaroos, and hunting the quare baste ol' birds with dogs by the hour together." " They wore converted then ?" " Yes," every mother's son of thom. Johnny actei ns a sort of native missionary, and by degrees tho; would como and ask his advice, and listen with ai uitdoubting belief that no stranger or landlon could havo commanded." " I suppose they saw he could work ?" " Why yos, in tho hay-field, or reaping, mowing stacking (he was a small farmer's sou, you know) None of them could como near him. Then hi riding ann shooting used to make them stare. II is a droll fellow too, in a quiet way, and in tho em became amazingly popular." (TO DU CONTINUED.} 