MOONTTA MINES. In driving on Crosbys lode, at the depth of 15 fathoms, a Small quantity Gf yellow and black ore has been dLscovere(] T h i s lo(|e j ms ^ opeiated "l )ou at intervals during the past two years, and the shaft sunk about 45 he \ fathoms without iinding ore, until t discovery spoken of was made. This, we believe, is the first instance of ore beinS f eastward of the celebrated Taylor's lode. The eastern lode in the Hatnley sett is believed to be a continuation of Crosby's lode. SOUTH-EAST MOONTA. The leader, or lode (whichever it may be) is increasing in size the further it is followed, and is found to be gradually heading to the northward. About a quarter of a ton of splendid ore was broken 011 Wednesday, a large lump of which, estimated at from 50 to 60 per cent, of copper, was exhibited at the Moonta Horticultural Show. The shareholders in this property are to be congratulated 011 its cheering prospects. NEW MOONTA. The pumping machinery having been improved by the siddition of multiplying gear recommenced working on Tuesday and was found to answer admirably. The sinking of the shaft will now be activly prosecuted. We are informed that the manner in which the pitwork has been, executed is deserving praise. In the words of our informant it is light, tight, tidy and strong-. SOUTH MOONTA We are informed that near the western boundary of this property there has been found the back of a fine looking lode corn posed of soft quartz and ironstone, which is believed to be an extension of Fergusson's Moonta lode. NEW TIPARRA. Mr. S. Harris has been appointed to the charge of the New Tippara. Sinking is still actively continued upon a kindly, well defined lode about, three feet wide. The depth obtained is between 14 anil 15 fathoms. MID MOONTA As we hare before indicated the Shareholders in this Company resident in this district some little while ago appointed three of their number to wait upon the managing Directors Messrs. Harvey and A. S. Clark, Adelaide, with the view of obtaining information respecting the position of the Company in relation to the claim recently set up to the property by Mr. W. T. Dal wood. On Monday evening last, the members of the Deputation, Messrs. L. L. Furner, Mannheim, and Oliphaut, delivered their report to the shareholders at- a convened meeting at the Moonta Hotel, at which Mr. Maddern presided. They stated that Messrs. Harvey and Clark had offered them every f. c litv for pursv.i g their investigation?, and had given them access to the documents and correspondence bearing up in the case, and they made this direct acknowledgement of their courtesy. They then entered into a detailed statement to the following effect:—Mr. W. S. Whitington was tlie original lessee of the properl y, and gave a Jj over of :';ttoincy io Mr. Haivey to deal with the section, as also a power of substitution oi attorneyship, which the latter gentleman exercised iu favor of Messrs. Darton and Co., of London. This firm through a Mr. Hill, sold Mr. Whitmgton's interest in the lease to the present Mid Moonta Company for a sum of £500 cash and a certain number of free shares, of which Mr. Whitington received 1500 and Mr. Harvey 1000. Messrs Darton and Co., having completed the sale requested Mr. Whitington to draw for the C500, with which instruction that gentleman complied • but before the bill matured Messis Darton (Mr. Whitington's substitute attorneys) became insolvent. So that so far as Mr. Whitington Avas concerned, the money consideration never found its vay into his pockets, though it was received 011 his behalf by his agents. The free shares, forming part of the consideration in the sale, were subsequently sold by Mr. Whitington during a temporary advance in the price of that particular stock. But by some mischance—the absence of necessary documents, or an alleged refusal of Mr. Whitington to sign—the Mid Moonta Company failed to register the transfer of the property in the colony, so that the lease of the section still remained in Mr. Whitington's name. He then got a certificate from the Registrar General's Office to the effect that he was the registered proprietor of the lease, and this certificate became the property of Mr. W. T. Dal wood for an alleged consideration of £100. Directly this bargan was closed, Mr. Dalwood served a wi it of ejectment on the Captain of the mine, and this led Mr. Harvey to obtain an injunction restraining Mr. Dalwood from'dealing with the property until the question of title had been settled by a suit in equity. This of course restrains all operations exespting simply such as the Directors see-.i desirable "for the future development of the mine. Mes-rs Stow and Avers were understood fo be retained by Mr. Dalwood, mid Mr Boucaut holds aie'ainer on behalf of the Company, and we h<-*r that the latter gentleman pronounce^ that the litigants on lh« other side j ha ve not got u the ghost" of a j chance Still he.vy law expenses will of necessity be incurred, and these it is proposed to meet by a new issue of shares. So far as regards the position of the Company as it stands now in relation t-. tiie, iSn.Jisli capital embarked, we are led to understand that the total amount raised in England was £"2059. Of this sum £900 has been sent to the colony to assist in working- the mine; £"500 was paid to Messrs Darton and Co., for Mr. Whiting-ton ; and the balance it is presumed has been absorbed in preliminary and u floating-" expenses in London. The proper acknowledgment wire he made to the Deputal a 1 and the meeting- terminated. 