WONDEIlKinV-IF TRi;iî. * Tm; Fortnightly Bcvùtio contains a startling anide on Hie evidence of Spiritualism, written by Mr. A. K. Wallace, tlie naturalist. Mr. Wallace concludes as follows : "Thc objection will here inevitably be made : ' These wonderful Illings always happen in America. When they occur in Kngland it will be time enough to enquire into them.' Singularly enough, after this article was in the press, the final test was obtained, which demon- strated the occurrence of a similar phenomena in London. A. short state- ment may, therefore, be interesting for those who cannot digest American evidence. For some years a young lady, Miss florence Cook, lias exhibited remarkable mediumshi|>, which latterly culminated in the production of an entire female form purporting to bc spiritual, and which appeared barefooted and in white flowing robes while she lay entranced, in dark clothing and securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding that tests of an apparently conclusive character were employed, many visitors, Spiritualists as well as sceptics, got the impression that all was not as it should bc ; owing in part to the resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also tlie fact that the two could not be seen at the same time. Sonic supposed Miss C. was au impostor who managed to concert a white robe about her (although she was often searched), and who, although she was securely lied willi tapes and scaled, was able to gel out of her bonds, dress and undress herself, and get imo them again, all in the dark, and in so complete and skilful .1 manner, as to defy detoi lion. Others thought tint the Sjiiril released lier, provided lier with a while dress, mid sunt her forth to per- sonale «i ghost. The belief .«..; there was somelliing wrong led on J » liilleman -an ardent Spiritualist- t- seize the supposed spirit and cndiv lo hohl it in the hope that SOM .iicr person would ojn-n the rabine! door and see if Miss Cook was really lhere. This was, 1 iintoriunalcly, viol done ; bul thc great resemblance of thc being he seized to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the I vigorous struggles it made to escape from him, convinced this gentleman that it was Miss Cook herself, although the rest of tile company, a few minutes after- wards, found her hound and scaled just as she had been left an hour before. To determine the question conclusively, ex- periments have been made within the last few weeks by two scientific men. Mr. C. F. Varley, F.R.S., the eminent, electrician, made use of a galvanic bat- tery and cable testing apparatus, and passed a current through Miss Cook's body (by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to her arms). Thc apparatus was so delicate that any movement what- ever was instantly indicated, while it was impossible for the young lady to dress and act as a ghost without breaking the circuit. Yet under these con- ditions thc spirit form did ap- pear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote, and touched several persons ; and this happened, be it remembered, not in the medium's own house, but in that of a private gentleman in the west end of London. For nearly an hour the circuit was never broken, and at thu con- clusion Miss Cook was found in a deep trance. Since this remarkable experi- ment Mr. Wm; Crookes, F.R.S., has obtained, if possible, still more satis- factory evidence. He contrived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accompanied hythe spirit, and there saw and felt Miss Cook, dressed in black velvet, lying in a trance on tile floor while the spirit-form, in white robes, stood close beside her. During thc evening this spirit-form had been, for nearly an hour, walking and talking with the company ; and Mr. Crookes, by per- mission, clasped the figure in his arms, and found it to bc, apparently a real living woman, just as the sceptical gentleman had done. Yet this figure is not that of Miss Cook, nor any other human being since it appeared and dis- appeared in Mr. Crookes's own house as completely as in that of the medium herself. Thc full statements of Messrs. Varley and Crookes, with a mass ol interesting details on the subject, appeared in the SpirittialUt newspaper in March and April last ; and they serve to show that whatever marvels occur in America can be reproduced here, and that men of science arc not precluded from investigating these phenomena scientific instruments and by scientific methods. 