the myth about st. Patrick. BY. DR. WORDSAA'OII rii. ( Concluded; ).\ ... ' , 5\. But to return, it may bo asked, hoAvis Bede's silence to bo explained 2 n J-/ . . ; t. ; ' Our, concern, let us. observe,. is with the -fact of his silence, and 'with the inferences to lie. derived from it : but we are not bonhd 'to' account for it. - - But; still the question is impor-. tantlet:us. consider. it. Km ;K , , <K ' Tho'Churclii'of Ireland in the, age of Bedo con curred with the iiheient Church of Britain in resisting the 'groAving' .encroachments 1 qf thh Roman See. 11 1 " i The 'Independence of- the. . Irish Church j in Bede's age, and its . vigorous : opposition, /tojthe aggressions of Borne atrtho time, afford a strong presumption, that the' Apostle of 'Ireland.' AA'as. not sent by Borne, and Avas-'not dependent upon Borne. The freedom of/ the Irish Church, founded by St. Patrick, affords, a.strong presump tion that St.-, Patrick himself,' / its ! founder, "was free. " . , ' 1 ' " 'V ':' ' ' ' ' ' 1 Bede, as was ' before remarked, < was pro- possessed in favour of! Borne,' land viewed- with, coldness the independence ;of the, Church ,of Ireland in his OAvn age. - . \ '/ J ; ' We need nbt pause to' inqifiro, /Avh'ether tlierd; might not have beeh-'something of toO 'innCh eagerness and vehemencejin the, conduct of Some of the ancient Irish Ecclesiastics tOAvai'ds Bonie ; , as, assuredly, there Avas too much' of haughtiness and assumption ' in Her ; be'aring.'.towayijpf lienv We only ' state the" facts :'of, the- differehd&s; aiid 1 disputes between . .them, iand- n6tejytHp'''sido to'' Ayhich Bede leaned. ;. This being the case, it niay AA;ell;r:b,e supposed, that Bede did not feel' indupolib' in quest of' an earlier date) and to commpjiuorate them in his- Church History.- ":,\yhile b&iwas; « too honest: a t mail to- detract from, the; ; .credit .of, .Ireland's . Apostle, and to tarnish the glory of St. Patrick, : yet lie Avould' not make ' any jenorb ,to eulogize' one ivho had founded hi 'Gliiirch,- Avhicli showed5 itself resolved; nob to admit the claims :o£' Borne, , modest as thoseiclaims were in ;qomp"arispn: with , AAfhat she;adyanced in.a later.age. ,Heiice we may explain fhe remarkable '.fact,' that.tlie naiiio'of St. Pat'rickus notniehtioh&liii; ' the History'of Bede. -M'X;i ' idj i,s. liiid j/ni J .6., And here-.Ave'may,;add api important con sideration; . ;. k 1 If St. Patrick had been dependent on Borne, — if he had recognized anything like the Supremacy Avhich she hoav claims, it is certain that his name Avould not have been omitted by Bede. Fgav names would have occurred more frequently in Bede's History than his. For Bede gives full reports of the differences and debates between the Romish and Irish clergy in the interval of time betAA'een St. Patrick's age and his OAvn. Now, if Bede could have said— if the Bomish Clergy could have said, in their altercations with the Irish Clergy, — that St. Patrick was an emmissary from Rome,— if they could have shown that he was obsequious to Borne, and deferred in all tilings to her, can it he imagined that they would never have urged this argument against the Irish Clergy avIio opposed Borne? Would they not have expostu lated Avith the Irish Clergy thus, — You not only resist us, you are not only disobedient to the Roman See, but you are treacherous to St. Patrick ; you are ungrateful to your own Apostle Avho obeyed Borne, fand taught you, by his example, to do so. Do you not feel remorse and shame in deserting liim 2 Will you not show yourselves faithful disciples of St. Patrick by following bis steps 2 Here would have been a triumphant appeal. We know Avhat use is hoav made of this argu ment by those Avho imagino that St. Patrick came from Borne, and was dependent on it ; and tlieir use of this argument in our days affords striking evidence of the use Avhich Avould have been made of it by Bomish Ecclesiastics in the centuries immediately succeeding St. Patrick, if he had been dependent on Rome, and if Borne had been Supreme in Ireland, in his age. V. Let us noAv revert to St. Patrick's oavti account of himself, in his Confession. 1\. He there informs us, that his father was a Deacon, and his grandfather a Priest — a suffi cient proof that the celibacy Avliich Borne noAv enforces on her Clergy in Ireland, AA'as no part of Ecclesiastical discipline in the age and country of Ireland's Apostle. 2\. With regard to Church Government, St. Patrick aa'as a Bishop, and he ordained Priests and Deacons. Ho acknoAvleclged these three orders of Ministers in the Church: and he men tions no others. 3\. And aa'hat Avas his doctrine? At the commencement of the same Avork lie lias inserted his oavii profession of Faith. It bears a strong resemblance to the Nicene Creed. "There is no other God" (lie declares) "be sides God the Father aud his son Jesus Christ, Whom avo confess to have been from everlasting Avith the Father, and Who aa'as begotten before all things, and by Whom all things Avere made, visible and iimsiblc, and AYlio Avas made man, and overcame death, and ascended into heaven to the Father. And God gave unto Him all poAver over every name in heaven and in earth, and under the earth, that every tongue should confess, that Jesus Christ "is Lord and God. We believe in Him, and expect that He Avill come again to judge the quick and the dead, and aa'ill render to every man according to his Avorks ; and He has poured out upon us the gift of the Holy Ghost, the pledge of immortality, Who maketh us to believe and obey, and to be sons of God the Father, and to be folloAV-heirs of Christ Whom Ave confess ; and Ave adore One God in the Trinity of the Sacred Name." Such is the Creed of St. Patrick, set doAvn Avitli his OAvn hand, at the close of his long life, in the Volume which lie left as a bequest to the People of Ireland. yi. What, ; therefore, shall Ave noAv say 2 . With feelings of respect and affection, Ave .ad dress ourselves to our Roman Catholic brethren in the kingdom of Ireland. Take the Creed of St; Patrick in one hand; and take the Trent Creed, : or Creed of Pope Pius IV. , in the other. Place- them side by side. Compare the tiA'o. The Trent Creed, aa'hich Borne iioav imposes on all Ecclesiastics, has added twelve 5 Articles to the ..Nicene Creed, Avliich avc hold , and it declares that belief in those tAvulve Articles is necessary to everlasting salvation. r It says, "Htec est Cathohrii' Fides, extra quam: nemo ) salvus esse potest." Nowj let us inquire,1 Do you find those tAvelvo Articles in the Creed of St. Patrick? One of these Articles is. au asser tion of Roman Supremacy. Do .you ; find that there?— No. Another is, Obedience to' the Pope. Do you find that there 2— No.' Aiiother is, Belief in- Transubsthaitiation;:.'- Another. is,! Belief in Purgatory. , , . Dp , yo.uj find , them there 2— No. . Another is; Communipnin one .kind.- Is that there 2— No. "-Do you find a; single one of those tAvelve.Articles there 2 — No, not one.; . And yet you assert, that a belief in all these;Ai'.ticles is necessary, to, ; salvation,.- and you denounce us as Heretics and_ innovators, because avo do not, and cannot; receiA'e them. ., What !. if all these are necessary; Hoav is it., that St. Patrick does not mention one pf .the.?(r.;Was'4hjB Apostle of Ire-; land a heretic? ; If so, ,Ave; are. content to be heretics. Avitlibim. We are , satisfied avith his Greed.,. Wo hold. everjr Article of it. > And Ave leavo.it to you, to, consider,: .whetlier, if .you' arc not content with St. Patriek's-Greed, j'ou; ou«lit to clainrSt. Patrick as your Apostle,— or, if you. desire: St.- Patrick as your. Apostle,1; you ou«ht not. to, ho content Avith your Apostle's. Creed,?' YII. ; Once more. As avo Iuia'C; observed, St; Patrick's Confession is . an. autobiographical . meinoir ..of his ministerial career. . If xioAV, St. Patrick had been, sent to Ireland froni Bome, if he had been ordained at Borne, if lie had been dependent on Rome, ; and had sup posed that Ireland Avas subject, eitliei; temporally or, spiritually, to .the Roman See, he would have intimated in his , Confession that such ,Avas the, . ease. Your Bishops hoav call themselves Bishops by the, Grace of . God and the Apostolic See, meaning thereby the See of Rome. St. Patrick, the first Bishop of Ireland, Avould have done the same.; /But iioav refer to his own hfe., .Open his; Confession., , Does lie state that lie received his ministerial .authority from Rome 2— No. Does lie ; say, that lie .and. his flock are subject to l\We -No. What, then, does he say of Borne? He mentions .the. Clergy of Ireland ; lie mentions,, the .Clergy, of Britain ;. he; mentionB. the Clergy pfEi'anpe ;..but,he' never mentions the Clergy ;of- Bpuie. / .Tbp, words Roman Bishop, Roman See, are not to be found there.; . The, .name, of, Borne . does.not occur .onee in.bis work., , It may be. left . to every candid reader, to draAv tlie uecesaai'y inferences from these memorable facts. VIII. I We have hoav been engaged iiKco'm- paring the present icoudition. of Ghristianity in Irelandji with its aspect in ancient times, It is the duty of all to promote the cause of Truth ; and tliey Avho are subjects of the same monarchy, and acknowledge the same Sa\'ionr; are specially bound to ' ' keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." We do not call upon our Roman Catholic felloAv countrymen and felloAv Christians to receive our statements without scrutiny. But Ave do earnestly exhort them — as they love the truth, as they value the peace and prosperity of the land Avherein they UAvell, and as they regard the eternal interests of their OAvn souls, to examine the evidence of the case. Let the invidious names of persons and parties he forgotten. Let us meet on the peaceful ground of primitive antiquity. Let us look carefully into facts, — facts very important to our common country, and to our happiness in time and eternity. The question at issue is — Whether the Papal Power, in claiming, as it now does, the sanction of Antiquity for the ex- ercise_ of jurisdiction in Ireland, — Avliether in enlisting, in behalf of its own doctrines, the venerable name of St. Patrick — and in putting forward the Trent Creed as the Faith of the Apostle of Ireland, and of the ancient Irish Church, is not imitating the Gibeonites, who professed to come from a distant land to Gilgal, Avliereas they dwelt near it ? So Ave now ask — Is not the religion of Rome a neAV religion? is not her Creed a neAV Creed 2 It professes to come from far, but is it not from near at hand 2 What, for example, is the doctrine Avhich ascribes Original Sinlessness to the Blessed Virgin — who is now to be invoked in Ireland by a neAV title, — Avhat is it but of yesterday 2 ' What are the Avords — Avhich Rome has so often on her lips — the "old religion," "the ancient creed," "the Faith of St. Patrick?" Are they not like the dry and mouldy bread, and rent bottles, and tattered garments, and clouted shoes, with aa'hich the Gibeonites deceived Joshua. IX. Some reasons have been stated in these pages for believing that this is the case. And if this is indeed so, then let it be remembered, that duplicity in religion is a heinous sin. It may deceive for a time. But let all Avho resort to it, see their oavu fate, even in this Avorld, in the History of the Gibeonites. The deception Avas soon detected. "After three days, the Israelites heard that they Avere neighbours, and that they dwelt among them ;" and the Gibeon ites stood publicly convicted of haA'ing come to Joshua Avith a "lie in their right hand. " " And Joshua called them and said, Why have ye be guiled us? uoav therefore ye are cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen. " If this be the case Avitli the adherents oE Borne, then, hoAvever they may boast of spiritual pre-eminence, they have only the loAvest place among the people. They are "heAvers of Avood and draAvers of Avater. " Then " Servus Servorum " indeed, "a servant of ser vants, " shall their head be. And, hoAvever they may overreach men, tboy cannot elude the eye of the Diviuc Joshua, Who is "the truth," and Who will one day bring " all hidden things to light," and " judge the secrets of all hearts," and reward all true Israelites ' ' in Avliom is no guile," and condemn to everlasting punishment "avHo- soevor loveth and maketh a lie." We ought to he on our guard, not to be enticed by any prospects oE Avorldly adA'antage, to make compromises Avitli what is false. Let us not be beguiled by specious aa'ords and fair names. Let us not be deluded by sHoavs and semblances ; but let us hold fast to the truth; Let us not suppose that men come to us from afar, because they have old shoes on their feet, and mouldy bread in their hands ; and let us not imagine that whoever presents himself to us, dress'ed.up as a Avayfaring pilgrim, in the guise of a a'ener- able name, lias therefore toiled and travelled from -the remote regions of Antiquity. , .But let us resort to those means Avhich God gives, us for our guidance. Let lis compare the language and practice of those who., pretend to to Antiquity, aa'ith the language and practice of Antiquity itself. Above all, let us ask " counsel at the mouth of the Lord." Let us examine the. Oracles of Him, Avho is the "Ancient of Days." If they who.come to us, bring "any other doc trine beside "that preached by the Apostles of Christ, we know Who, has said; ' ' Let them be anathema." ;i If they bring 'anything contrary to the Word of Him " Who is from everlasting," tlien " they are but of yesterday, and know no thing." And let us be sure that' by". clinging.. to. the Gospel of Christ, aa'e have the sanction of Antiquity; Ave rest on the "Rock of Ages)"— Ave build for Eternity. For ; ' ' Ho lias neither 1 beginning of days,, nor end of life." . " He is the Alpha and' Omega, the Beginning and End, the First and the Last," "Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, to-day, and forever." - , 