PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. i TmnrensTir SEDERUNT. The Assembly met at half-past 10 o'clock yesterday morning, and was constituted by the Moderator with prayer. The minutes of the preceding sederunt were read and confirmed. SUNDAY TRAINS. Rev. J. NIVEN desired to bring under the notice of the General Assembly the fact that there is to be, on Sunday next, what can be only regarded as a Sunday excursion train from St. Mary's to Penrith, in connection with the Popuh ceremony of laying a foundation stone of. He had directed the attention of the Minister for Works to this of subject, but had received no answer to his communication. He desired some expression of opinion on the part of the Assembly in reference to this desecration of the Sabbath, which would be an intolerable nuisance to those who were engaged in conducting public worship at the time the train arrived. After some remarks from the Rev. J. B. LAUGHTON to the effect that no action taken by that Assembly could be effective, the subject was allowed to drop. 1 BANK BUILDING LOAN FUND. The name of Mr. A. Dodds was added to thin oom written. WIDOWS AND ORPHANS' FUND. I Rev. Dr. FULLMITON read the report of the directors of this fund, from which it appeared that there had not as yet been any claims upon the fund. The amount at present at the credit of the fund was £1428, of which £1100 was invested for three years at 6 per cent, per annum; the income from annual subscriptions and interest together amounted to over £200. Mr. JOSEPH PAXTON moved,-" That the report he adopted, and that the thanks of the Assembly be given to the directors, and especially to the chairman." Rev. H. MACUEADY seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to. Meters. D. L. Waugh and Joseph Paxton were appointed to fill the vacancies in the directory. ' Rev. R. S. PATERSON, at the request of the association, moved,-" That the association of the Ministers' Widows and Orphans' Fund recommend the General Assembly to grant a dispensation to any ministers of the Church who have forfeited their claim to become members of the association from lapse of time, that they may become members on condition that they pay up all the premiums and arrears doby them, tabulating from the period of time when they ought to have become members." , A point of order was raised that the motion could not be entertained M i thou t notice, and the motion was accordingly withdrawn. l'AN-TllBIUYTElUAN COUNCIL. I Rev. J. NIVEN moved the following motion, of which he had given notice,-" That this Assembly expresses its approbation of the proposed conference of all evangelical Presbyterian Churches and that the Moderator be in structed to accredit any member of the Assembly who may see his way to be present at the Pan Presbyterian Council as the representative of this Assembly." Dr. STEEL thought it only right that they should have Fine representation in any Pun Presbyter in Council. has the right some statistics showing the progress of the Church in this colony should be prepared and sent. j Rev; J. B. LAUGHTON had no objection to the principle proposed by the motion, but he did not think they should give their assent to it in its present wide form. He would Iefoggeat that the Moderator should be permitted to accredit fifty representative sanctioned by the Church Extension Committee. i Rev. J. NIVEN was willing to accept the suggestion, and the motion was amended and agreed to. j AGENT OF' THE CHURCH. The report of the Agent of the Church, laid before the Assembly on the previous day, was taken into consideration. Mr. A. Dorins moved the adoption of the report, and that the Rev. H. Macready be thanked by the Assembly for his services as agent during the year. Rev. Dr. FULLERTON seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to. ! Rev. Dr. STEEL desired to call the attention of the Agent of the Church to the necessity of inquiring by what law the Council of Education proposed in future to devote the proceeds of the Church and School Lands available to schools belonging to this Church to the augmentation of teacher' salaries, instead of as heretofore He moved a resolution in accordance with the foregoing remarks, which was unanimously agreed to. COLLEGIATE CHARGES. Rev. J. NIVEN desired to ask the Assembly to decide what was the law of the Church in reference to colleagues and successors voting in Church courts ; whether the statement in the code, or the statement in the minutes, was the law. The MODERATOR stated that it had been ruled that the Statement of the minutes held good, and it had been so held by the Presbytery of Sydney. 1 Rev. J. NIVEN moved that the matter be remitted to prettily feries, for consideration, and to report to the next General Assembly, with the understanding that the Assembly, will then finally decide on the question. The motion was agreed to. fill. M'eillUION'S Ari'BALS. The MODERATOR stated that he was perfectly satisfied with the decision of the General Assembly in reference to the matter of his appeals against the Presbytery of Sydney, and he did not intend to prosecute the appeals any further. REVISION OF THE MINUTES. The following committee was appointed for the revision of the minutes of the Assembly: Rev. J. B. Laughton, Mr. D. L. Waugh, Rev. R. S. Paterson, and the Clerk of the Assembly (convener). , COLLECTIONS FOR SCHEMES. The following appointments were made for collections for schemes in all charges and stations First collection for Church Extension Scheme, in December next; for the [Missions, in March, 1875 ; second Church Extension, in June, 157 ; Widows and Orphans' Fund, in September, 1876\. , ! Ino business was concluded at half-past 12, and the sederunt was closed by the Moderator with prayer. [ EVENING SEDERUNT. ! The Assembly met at half-past 7 o'clock in the evening, and was constituted by the Moderator with prayer. The minutes of the morning's proceedings were read and confirmed. * Rev. Dr. STEEL stated that a question had arisen in reference to the establishment of a boarding establishment in connection with the Sydney Grammar School, whether in the event of the Rev. J. H. Laughton seeing his way to undertake the management of such an establishment, he would be entitled to the ordinary Presbyterial certificate as a minister of the Church ; he would be open to pulpit i supply, although not in the actual occupancy of a charge. I Rev. R. S PATERSON thought it a great pity this matter I had been brought up, as it was understood that the question was not to be brought up before the Assembly. He did not think the work of managing an establishment of the kind referred to was the work of a minister. Rev. W. RIDLEY also thought it a pity the question had arisen, for he thought it so plainly a ministerial duty that ', (bereaved be no discussion upon it. t The NopritATo«, said, he had taken the same view of the waiter in- the previous speaker. v Rev. A. M. TAIT thought that as long as the agent the Church could certify that the Rev. J. B. Laughton was engaged in ministerial work, there could be no ditto ' culty in the matter. He would move that the necessary I certificate be granted. Rev. H. MACREADY thought it a pity this question j should be decided by so small a House. lity. Dr. GiLCHinsT was of opinion that the business of the Assembly was over; and it was a pity that so important a question should come up at such a time. He wasps opinion that there was no difficulty in the case, and that the question need never have been raised. The Rev. J. B C Laughton would be still engaged in ministerial work, and I would be entitled to his central front. The MODERATOR explained that the question had been raised by the gentleman whose duty it was to grant certificates and for the; satisfaction, it was advisable that an expression of opinion by the Assembly should be pronounced. Rev. J. Cosh seconded the motion of Mr. Tait, Rev. R. S. PATERSON moved, as an -amendment, " That the Assembly deem it inexpedient at present to give a verdict upon the question proposed." I Rev. H. MACUBADY seconded the amendment. I The original motion was amended into the following I form: That, in the event of the Rev. Mr. Laughton complying with the request of the Assembly in this matter, fulfilling the duties required, and otherwise officiating, Mr. Laughton shall be entitled to a certificate that he is labour- ing under lawful authority. The motion was carried by a majority Revs. R. S. Paterson, H. Macready, and D. Blue dissenting. THE UOllEHATOIl'8 CI.03I.Nei ADDRESS, The business of the Assembly being now concluded, the Moderator delivered the following closing address But here and Brethren, We have now come to the end of our session of 1874. Our meetings have not been unusually prolonged, while the important business which we have' been mu bled to dispatch has been very consider- an?. The question has been railed, 'Is it possible to shorten the time of our sittings ? ' Presbyteries are called upon to answer this question ; but they are bound, in returning for answer on affirmative, to make dear the way. Liberty of speech to all the members must be faithfully preserved, Gagging bills are very dangerous things. They may suit very well in distunion claims; they may I be very convenient in mutual improvement societies and I tea meetings ; but not only would they be a novelty, and a very dangerous novelty, in our Presbyteries and General > Atsciublyvwhtio questions are disposed of which cannot be hurried, fine which are of the highest interest to con- tri trillion and minister s, but they might be made use of low Lu worst well tyrannies an ecclesiastical inquisition . or clerical Star Chamber. Liberty of speech' is a blessing and a privilege worth all the inconvenience of a little talk servants. ' Liberty of speech ' is a Gospel and British in- heritance which is worth all the time which is said to be vetted by it. Complaints of this kind are often made by those who have nothing to say. Others complain because they have so little interest in questions which are referred to them that they would dispose of them all without an attempt to understand them. And others, again, complain of waste of time, because they have private business which they value far more than the business of the Church. You see all this in the general attendance of those who complain. They are never here at the hour when the Court should open. They are seldom here for two whole sittingS consecutively and then, as thoroughly unacquainted with what has been done in their absence, time is consumed either by their irrelevance, or by questions which are intended to give them information. It does not sciDn to me to be an unreasonably long time far the discharge of the business which comes before us, viz.-six 3 both days. But this short time might easily be made at good as he elven days if the brethren would attend to the two following particulars first, punctuality in beginning and secondly an earnest attention to the questions being considered. My opinion is, that it is the bounden duty of every minister and elder to be in his place at the hour of meeting, and that, as a juryman engaged in important cases, he should never leave without permission and then, when questions are being discussed, if those who are so fond of points of order, which are not 'points' at all, but mere needless interruptions, would study the subject and speak only when there is a necessity to speak, 'liberty' would be preserved, which is above all price, and yet not an hour of our time would be wasted. " I do not think, Feathers and Brother, that any complaint can justly lia against the present Assembly for having wasted its time. The minute-, will show that questions of the highest value have been before us reference, appeals reports of committees, and motions, all vitally connected with the working of our Church; and are six days out of vinegar to be grudged for the dispatch of so important but Unless, reserving to every representative of our people throughout. the colony the undisputed right of making his complaint, or of asking the wisdom and advice of his brethren P We have had our discussions ; we have spoken freely our minds ; we have remembered throughout that we are Christian ministers and Christian gentlemen and although some may be warm while others are cold some may be earnest while others are indifferent nothing has occurred either to war our harmony or reflect upon our character. No doubt, it is very pleasant to be dwelling upon these words of pleasure and sweetness peace and love' But there are other things required as well us ' peace and love. When we meet as an Assembly, we need ' faithfulness, disinterestedness, public spirit, and self oblivion.' These are qualities not inconsistent with peace and love,' but often impeached as if they were. We know that there is such a state of things as this-Bay- ing peace, peace, when there is no peace' We know that some are anxious about brotherly love,' forgetful that brotherly love exists only among ' brethren.' Faithfulness seeks ' peace ;' but it seeks it through 'purity.' When wrongs are faithfully exposed; when wrongdoers arc withstood to the face;' when Paul is telling Peter that he is walking deceitfully,' Some will lament that a peace ' is broken, and others will sigh for the days of * brotherly love' But such lamentations are very unjust. If men will mistake the stillness of death for peace, no one can pity their disappointment when they find that life is different from death. If men will imagine that the policy of ' hushing up, and covering over, and winking hard is brotherly love,' their regrets will be useless when they find that others imagine that it is the duty of love to rebuke a brother in order that he may be saved. 'Peace' is best maintained when everyone roused up to have a paramount regard for the maintenance of the truth. Brotherly love' is best promoted when those who claim to be brethren ' understand and discharge the duties of brethren ; when none is preferred before another; when those who are young and inexperienced preserve the modesty which is especially becoming them and when Selfishness is swallowed up in the large hearted ness of seeking the common good. Our Assembly should never be distinguished as the gathering together of faithful and public- spirited men ; having no motives at nllbutthoso which will stand.! he light of duty; resolved to do the right without partiality ; pledged to seek this one thing as the supreme object the extension of Christ's cause. And if this be our sole object, and our boating be that of ' speaking the truth in love,' something far better than quietness ' will be enjoyed in our meetings ; the result will be a pure, and healthy, and living Church. " While on this subject, I cannot, Fathers and Brethren, but express my gratification at the notion of the Assembly with respect to the question of religious revivals.' Our conference was pleasant and profitable. Recognising the hand of our God in our Fatherland, wo unitedly sent up our petition that the Lord would he's up, even as also.' It is our common prayer; ' Turn us again, O Lord of hosts, and cause thy face machine.' We wish to see ' God's glory in the sanctuary.' We are thirsting, BB in a land of drought, for the ' early and the latter rain. And according to this desire we have agreed, as touching this thing, to take a week for special prayer, that over the whole Church we may be of " one mind and one heart in suppli- cating before the throne of grace, ' Revive thy work, O Lord in the midst of the years ;, in wrath remember mercy.' I trust it will be a time of refreshing from the presence of the Lord, and from theory of his power.' But, in order to this, as was well remarked by the brethren, we ourselves must be attentive to the gracious conditions on which the promise of blessing rests. If the kindness and faithfulness of God are to be proved,' we must ' prove Him in the way which he himself has appointed. Let us place ourselves in the proper position for receiving the blessing. Let us get ready for seeing the King in his beauty. Let us have the soil prepared that when the showers shall come every tree and plant may rejoice in the plenty. 'Much prayer' is necessary as one of the means. Searching of heart' is another. 1 Casting out the old leaven ' is another. Keeping our feasts ' not with the leaven of malice and wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth, is another. Denying self and putting on the Lord Jesus Christ' is another. Bringing the tithes unto the Morehouse,' is another. And there is yet another, which has- not been mentioned, a ' faithful and loving use of discipline.' No Church can prosper if it diJoiplino bore laxed. Godly people are disheartened and contaminated if they are confounded with those who are living in sin. It is one of the strong temptations to which a comparatively small and weak Church is exposed, to shekels in watch fullness after the purity of its members The power of wealth and numbers is so constantly felt in carrying out the objects of an organisation that, for tho sake of the Lower character and quality are more or less sacrificed Often in these circumstances, the Lord's servant is blind when he ought to be seeing ; often he is silent when he ought to be boldly speaking out. It may not be pleasant to rebuke the worldliness of your better class members It may be a sore trial to tell your men of influence that they are not walking according to the Holy Comm ind ments.' It may be at the risk of loss and inconvenience to charge your rich men to hold their rich's as a trust for Christ, and to be ready with their riches to be kind to Christ's poor. And in the time of general duty, when the love of many is waxing cold, and many are ° entangled again in the snares of the world, the task assuredly is very hard to stand alone, like a prophet of evil things, crying aloud, We wo to all who have a name to live while they are in reality dead. But it must be done We must save our own souls. We must ' take up the stones' out of the way of God's people. The pruning knife is as necessary to the beauty and fruitfulness of the vine as the sunshine and the rain. The withered branches must be cut off. Unless the tree be good, the fruit can- not be good. According to the instructions of Holy Scripture, the faithful pastor must put a ' difference between the clean and the unclean. He is told to cry aloud and not spare. He is told that if he does not warn the wicked and the backslider, the blood of souls will be required at his hands. He is told to exhort sod rebuke with all long suffering and doctrine.' Nor, if thereby he rules that God's flock may be fed and led and protected, will there be prosperity in the flock unless he be following them without regard to Consequences. Let him know no man after the flesh ;' let him declare faithfully the whole counsel of God ;' let him do nothing by partiality ;' let him earnestly and self-denying seek the profit of the many, and the salvation of all and then, as thus proving the truth of God's promise, the very windows of Heaven will he opened, and God will erase to descend such a blessing as that there shall not be any room to receive it.' The Sustentation Fund. -The Assembly has resolved to send down to Presbyteries the proposal to establish a common fund, out of which every minister shall receive an equal share as at least a portion of his annual income. I am glad this plan will at last be followed. such a fund I will give cohesion -to our body. The whole Church will have an interest in providing for the comfort of those who i are engaged in the work of the ministry. The strong will 1 help the weak. The liberality of the people will be stimulated. And, what is probably of greater importance May, 1 while care will be taken that all churches entitled to receive this common share shall be put upon the list, churches full ing behind, perhaps through the supineness of the minister, will be speedily detected and properly dealt with. It is clear, however, that such a scheme cannot be accepted, nor yet enforced, without the full consent of the deacons or managers of the different congregations and these are best able, from their practical knowledge in raising moneys for congregational purposes, to assist the Assembly in organizing the scheme. I hope that, during the year, Presbyteries will be diligent in this important matter. Whether assisted by deputation or not, it will be well for each of them to begin at once, to gather information from the congregations under them. As an arrange- agent by which some time would be saved would suggest the following Within a certain convenient circle who deacons or managers of the churches should be asked to meet in conference with the Presbytery. The scheme should then be fully propounded and explained. Questions should there be asked and answered; and, from all the information thus obtained, reports should be framed for the guidance of the Assembly at the next session. Where it is impossible thus to centre the deacons or managers, nothing remains but that some one of the Presbytery should visit each church, and explain the whole matter for if the Assembly propose to compel congregations to come under the plan-at least,, those of them which are able-it is aWlutely necessary that the fullest information be before the House, that objections or difficulties may be fairly cool- i sidered. . > > " A Native Ministry, Another matter sent down to Presbyteries is Teschen which has been proposed far reaching a native ministry. I think that now, for the NW np e, this important matter is properly before us we have often 8) skin, but now we havq'actedrA well digested pic it is now remitted. If Presbyteries diligently consider the subject and carefully report, we' may now anticipate . that within the year our machinery and plans will be so complete that the resources of our Church will be fairly good. I Bin sure we welcome with brotherly cordiality The arrival of every properly certificated minister from the old land. But I am sure, also, that it is perfectly ole in that the supply from that quarter is always uncertain, and that of the ministers who come only some are adapted to our peculiar circumstances. It is no reflection on a minister who has come from Scotland, that he cannot feel comfortable beyond the boundaries a city. The whole nse fairest of his life may depend upon the nature of his field of In tour. But just as this is obvious, so much the stronger ' is the call to our own young men, who know our peculiar wants, who sympathize with thrill, and who are best adapted to contend with our difficulties, to come to our help, to the help of the Lord against the mighty. Our Church has been too long content with foreign supply, and has neglected too long the more useful supply within her own borders. But now we are light. It is not our purpose, for the sake of the advantage to which I have referred, to overlook the necessity that our ministers shall be fully educated and well equipped men, It would be a terrible disaster to dispense with qualification for the sake of physical adaptability to our scattered population; Our purpose, on the other hand, is to give our young men, as far as possible, all the advantages of a British education. It is quite true that we cannot find here the ancient universities which are to be found in Scotland. It is quite true, also, that the giants in learning' and theology who dwell in that land, are not to, be found here; but, nevertheless, we think it possible with a little care and experience in the work, to turn out students and ministers hero who shall be fully on a level with the brethren who can boast of having sat at Gamaliel's feet. And this is what we intend to do. Our colonial youth are splendid material. They have brain and quickness of first-rate quality. If only they have grace of the Lord touches their hear-and if the Church does her best to guide and polish them, I look forward with confidence to the future of our ministry; I am certain that our pulpits may be supplied with workmen who shall not need to be ashamed, able rightly to divide the word of truth, and to give to every one of their bearers his portion of meat in due season.' 'I am glad, fathers and brethren, that the Assembly, in the resolution which has been passed on the subject of ' Public Education,' has spoken to the members of the Church throughout the colony with such unmistakable clearness. We are unanimously against Denominational teaching' in the primary schools. We hold that the system known as the ' National or Public, system' is the only one which the State should support. We hold that the books now used under that system are admirable and well suited to give the children a sound knowledge of ' Bible truth.' We hold that the cry which has been got up by interested persons, to frighten people against the Public system, has no truth in it. We hold that all our people will do well to uphold and strengthen the Public School system, and use their privileges to make it universal. But while thus we wish to free the Public primary schools of the colony from every Denominational element and influence, we feel our selves bound, as a Church, with additional came over our children in the Sabbath school, to give what special religious instruction may be necessary to bring them up as intelligent members of the Church of their fathers. It is not till', we love our Presbyterianism less that we object to Deno denationalise in the Public schools ; but it is that we feel that while our Presbyterianism never depends on primary schools, and cannot 60 endangered by Public schools, the plain and general education of every child in the land is an object too precious and patriotic to be imperilled or hindered! by Denominational jealousy or sectarian disputes, We wisH that New South Wales may bear the character which has long been ascribed to Scotland, as to zeal and liberality in the education of the people. If our circumstances b< different, and consequently the means to be used be different, nevertheless, by the action of the State in one department, and by the special adaptations of the Church in the other the result may be the same the blessings of education shall be open to all, from the Alphabet to the University. " Fathers and Brethren, I shall not detain you any longer. We are about to separate for another year, and 1 is possible that, in the course of nature, some of us make several in yet again. Let MB thought go with us to our work and influence UB in it. We are not working for time only, but chiefly for eternity. It may notnlwaysappeirwhenwe are engaged in our discussions here, and earnestly striving to do our best, that this solemn consideration is ever before us ; but I am persuaded that it naturally occurs to the minds of most of us when the busy activity of the session is over. Especially it cannot but be so in the case of our brethren from the interior, when again they on their way to their distant charges. They see us but seldom; their visits are but annual; and how many are the change which may occur in a year ? Throughout the past year our ranks have been unbroken by the hand of death; but who can tell how different may be the story when again the Assembly shall be called together ? Therefore it is well that we should now be reminded that we are working for results which are to endure for ever and that for the results we are working together. I speak for myself, and I believe it is the mind of most of the brethren in the cities, that we have the utmost sympathy with our brethren who labour in the wide-spreading bush. I have seen their. work ; I know their toils and perils ; I know their hardships and anxieties; I know how self- donyingly they ride their hundreds of miles, sometimes in the scorch- ing heat, sometimes in cold and rain, and often in solitariness and I know that, it is not the poor reward which they receive from men which cheers and upholds them in the midst of these trials. No, they are the servants of Christ-they are the 'uessengeisof their churches" they are the ' glory of Christ. They well deserve the sympathy of all who love the truth and desire its extension. If there is to be any distinction at all between their brethren in the bush and those who minister in more forward circumstances, it is but right that the honour should be those whose lives are spent in such Apostolic labours. I rejoice in their successes-I nm refreshed with their company-and I earnestly pray that they may be made abundantly a bless in p. Our life is too short to expect that we shall see the full fruit of our sowing the ' good seed of the word.' But this we know, that the fruit will come at the' time of the harvest 'The word of the Lord shall not be void.' Ministers in the towns and cities have their special dis couragements as well as those who are toiling in the bush But here is a promise which is precious to us all Your labour in the Lord shall not be in vain.' Let us therefore take heart, and be ' steadfast and immovable.' Let us not be Behf mind of the Master whom we serve. Let us not be ashamed of His Gospel. Let us prize it and preach it as the power of God and the wisdom of God unto salvation to every one that believeth,' Let us ' take heed unto our selves and unto the flock ever which the Holy Ghost has made us bishops.' And ' when he who is the Chief shepherd shall appear, we shall receive a crown. of glory that fadeth not away.' " ' I commend you to God and to the word of His grace which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them that are sanctified.' " " ' May the God of grace that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus Christ, the Great Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, make you perfect in every good work to do His will, working in you that which is well pleasing in His sight, through Jesus Christ to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen ! " The CLERK then read the minutes of the present sederunt, which were confirmed and signed. Prayer was then offered by the MODERATOR, after which a portion of the 122nd Psalm was sung. The Moderator then declared the Assembly closed till the 26th October, 1876\. The benediction was pronounced, and the Assembly broke up. 