CHRISTIANITY NOT RITUALISM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR, Through your kind liberality in allowing a portion of your space for the ventilation of religious matters, as those of the very highest concern, the public have lately been afforded much insight into various doctrines and conceptions entertained by professing Christians. Now for more than thirty years I have in conformity with the admonition of the great Saviour and Judge searched the Scriptures, deeply impressed with the thought that when a man exercises himself toward God, it is of the last importance as pertaining to interests of eternal value, that he be in entire subjection to the Divine Word ; failing this we know that Jewish religionists fell into the direst temporal and eternal men. They established to themselves a ritualistic righteousness, and did not submit themselves to the righteousness of God. In late controversies and discussions I have been constrained to notice many things for which I never yet found any warrant whatever in the Word of Truth, that Word which is enjoined upon us as the only foundation for instruction in righteousness, and all sufficient, that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. Suffer therefore men and brethren the word of exhortation. Let me enquire have you sufficiently sought in dependence upon the acts of the Divine Spirit, God's holy Word, as that by His Grace you may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God ? 1st. I would crave permission to ask have you found for yourselves God's commandment for the baptism of infants and secondly that the immersion of the whole person is not intended in Christian Baptism, but the application of a little water to a small part of the body ? 4th. Do the Scriptures mention such a thing as any Right or ordinance of Confirmation, or do they show Apostolic Confirmation to have been anything else than their declaration of the truth of the Gospel, as ministers of Jesus Christ, made confirmatory on the minds of believers by the power of the Holy Ghost? Is there even the shadow of an order for a Bishop's laying his hands on young peoples' heads ? Do we not rather read, " Paul may plant and Apollos may water, but God giveth the increase." Sure I am that the so-called Confirmation practised upon me, and on numbers of others, in England, more than forty years ago, by the Bishop of Salisbury, displayed a very serious misconception of the nature and character of the scriptural confirmation mentioned of the churches or of individuals, who wore believers of the truth, and who, through the instrumentality of the Apostles' testimony, were confirmed in the truth by the effectual operation of God. 5th. Has it been ascertained from God's Word that any Christian Bishop or minister is called a priest, or is invested with any priestly function whatever, other than that common to every true believer, all of whom are priests unto God, in offering up spiritual sacrifices acceptable through Jesus Christ ? Thanks he unto God, we have one j glorious High Priest of our profession, and need none other, nor has the God of all wisdom appointed any. Uth. Can it be found that the table of the Lord's. Supper is anywhere called an altar, or that any one scriptural character of an altar belongs to it Is there the least mention in the Divine Word of north, south, east or west of it, or of the least necessity for a believer, not to say a priest, taking any set position at it ? Likewise, does the Word enjoin anything bearing the least approach to what is called a consecration of the bread and wine of the Supper? is not such a thing both vain, and calculated to provoke a superstitious regard toward him who professes to consecrate? The Supper is indeed a sacred institution, because it is His appointment who is therein, through his own Crace, remembered of His people in all the sacred realities of His dying love. is it not He alone, and not man, who consecrates and blosRes ? When He graciously said "this is my body and this is my blood," did He intend it to be conceived that any change whatever had occurred in the natural material He died, as emblematic and expressive, representing Him to the eye of faith in those considerations of His mediator ship most dear to the hearts of redeemed sinners The emblems are so far consecrated as by the sweet influences of His spirit they are made commemora- tive of Him to the individual faith of recipients ; if any eat and drink not of faith they are simply instrumental to condemnation, for where the Lord's body in atonement is not discerned, there is sin-for whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Except ye spiritually eat the flesh and drink the blood of the Son of Man, ye have iiolifoinyoii.haudlingtho outward elements is of no avail, the flesh profitcth nothing. Thus it is simply an ordinance of remembrance of Him who died and ever liveth, and as received of them who spiritually believe in His name, is expressive of union, one with another, by joint participation of the one living bread. As the Scripture states it, "Olio bread and one body, and this not by anything conferred, not by anything administered by any one called a priest or any other man ; it is not an administration, but a celebration. in olden time they came together to break bread," not to have anything conferred on them, or administered to them. The passover was not the blood which sprinkled on the doorposts of the Israelite, was God's appointed deliverance, butthe'ineinorial of it likewise the Lord's supper, is not the sin atoning body and blood, but the memorial of it the emblems are nothing but as they are made availed by faith. "S.C.L.," in your issue of 20th till, teaches the existence of a supernatural element in the mystery of the Holy Communion. It is true that " great is the mystery of Godliness," and so far there is a supernatural mystery in all the spiritual exercises of the believer. No man on earth has any other super- natural power, call him by the unscriptural name of priest, or by the scriptural name of Bishop. The I Apostles, for the introduction of the Christian dis- | pensation, were gifted with the power of working I miracles. With them such power terminated, and from that time to the present, the true Christian walks by faith and not by sight. The act of faith I that discerns the Lord's body, either through the medium of the emblems or irrespective of them, displays the supernatural in dwellings of God by His ! spirit, through whose supernatural power alone, such act of the mind can be accomplished. Jesus is " the author and finisher of faith.". "If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of His." Surely " S.C.L." refers to something that has no existence, but in the imagination, when he speaks of the Conference of the Holy Ghost, by the im- position of hands, Did he ever see it? That which Scripture speaks of was a visible display of spiritual power and effect, peculiar to the Apostolic period, and manifestation, presenting to view that which was visible to the perception of an unregenerate man ; as it is written, when Simon saw that through laying on of the Apostle's hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them moneyed. He was filled with wonder, beholding the miracles and signs which wore, and covered the same supposed power of conference. The faith of the Christian is sustained now by the indwcllin^spirit of God, and the Word of testimony, not by things affecting the outward senses. Lastly " S.C.L." speaks of the power of the keys which no man has, or ever had. The Lord gave not to Peter or any of the Apostles the power of the keys. To Peter, in virtue of the special work assigned to him, was given what the Lord was pleased to designate the keys, not the power that he reserved to himself, which was evidently the word of revelation opening up the mystery of God's salvation by a crucified and risen Redeemer to a lost and ruined world. In the promise of the Apostolic gift to Peter, by which, in conjunction with the other Apostles, in the proclamation and declaration of the Christian dispensation, the Lord referred to the foundation of eternal truth which it should be given them to lay on which Jehovah would raise a superstructure of His glory by His own power, by which power the testimony was by some received, and so forgiveness of sins realized by faith in Jesus' blood, while in others their unbelief and unregeveracy were altogether made manifest to the one the Apostolic testimony was the savour of life unto life and to the other of death unto death. And thus in the exercise of their Apostolic office, and as Ministers of Jesus Christ, it was given to them to make manifest the remission or retention of men's sins, but in all things the excellency of the power was of God and not of men. Who then is Paul and who is Apollos ? but Ministers by whom you believe. to that glorious, let him glory in the Lord. Yours very truly, . TRUTH. [This oorrunpoirdcnco lins drifted far wide of the mark. Our columns are not the proper channel for a theological discussion. "Truth's" well meant neal, while honestly expressing his own convictions unintentionally raises a cloud of dust, under which some may seek an escape from the real issue originally raised, which is not the truth or otherwise of this or that doctrine, or the warrant for this or that practice, but the fitness of the doctrines and practices in particular places, and by certain persons. E. M.] 