MISS FITCH. " T think," said Miss I'itch, Belting on tbo table a dainty little pair of socks, aud contemplating tlicin in rather an absent mannor, " I think I shall go to town to morrow." Miss Fitch lived- in Bridgeton, and when she talked of going to town she meant going to Philadelphia, as a matter of course. " It's likely to be a fine day, I think," continued Miss Fitch, leaning out of the window far enough to catch a glimpse of the western sky. " How lovely it is after the rain." It certainly wa9 very pleasant. Miss Fitch lived in one of the broad, clean, quiet streets of tho good old town, in a pretty two- story house, rather tall for its size, as houses are apt to be in those parts. The pillared porch was overrun with yellow honey suckle, and tho magnolia rose (beautiful alike for its flowers and foliage), as was also the roof of that picturesque and convenient appendage peculiar, I believe, to West Jersey houses, and called a "summer kitchen." Everything thnt could he painted wns painted white or green. Everything else was whitewashed, for in West Jersey you cannot be a Christian unless you whitewash twice a year. There were two great linden trees in front of the house, just now in blossom, and resounding with tlie murmur of innumerable bees. The air, just slightly salted, was heavy with the seent of yellow honeysuckle. The only gloomy things about the place were the black ribbons which fluttered from the shutters, and Miss Fitch's own dress, which was of the deepest black, only relieved by a plain collar of clear muslin. As Miss Fitch leaned from the window an old colored man passing in the street took off his hat to her. " Good ovening, Unolo .Iacoh,"said Miss Fitch. " Wait a moment ; 1 want to speak to you." Miss Fitch put on her lint and went down on the steps to question tho old man about some of his numerous grand children — Meliudy or Sally or Huldy — who wanted a plnae. " What beautiful Howers !"said she, look ing at the bunch of laurels whiob the old man carried. " 1 had not realised that the laurels wore already in blossom." "I brung 'era along a-puppus for Miss Fitoli," said Unclo Jacob. "I 'member how you and your ma used to like 'em. 'Member just like 'twas yesterday scein' your ma a-settin' in the wagon, and Matt Garrison a-bendin' down the bushes for you to break off tlie posies. Matt was a nice hoy; you dou't know what's become of liim 1 b'pose ?" "I believe he lives in South America," said Miss Fitch, accepting the flowers with thanks. "Good evening, Uncle Jacob. Send Sally up in the morning." Miss Fitch retreated to tlie parlor and sat down behind the half-closed shutters. Slie looked at the flowers, but she did not see them. Another picture was before her eyes. She saw her mother, even then an invalid, sitting smiling and pleased in the littlo car riage ; tho half- cleared spot in the opening ; the pond with a bank of bright orange- colored sand rising behind it ; the varnished leaves of the holly and oak scrub reflecting the sun ; the velvet shadows and warm solid lights of the lato afternoon ; and, amidst all, herself, a girl of eighteen, reaching up to gather the exquisite pink and white crimson buds aud flowers which Matthew Garrison bent down to her twenty years ago. In another moment the picture was gone, shaken, as its reflection in the pond might have been, by a sudden gust of sobs — blotted out by a rain of tears. There was no re bellion, and hardly any bitterness in her grief. Even in the midst of it her heart was saying again and again, " It was all well ; it was best so. Not my will but Thine bo done." You see, the faith of this gentle, lonely lady was not bankrupt. It was perfectly solvent, ready to answer in a moment, and in the purest gold, any colls which might be made upon it. She was quite composed again in five minutes, aud rose to put her flowers in water. Having arranged them to her satisfaction she went out to the kitchen, where an ancient black woman presided. " I thiuk 1 shall go to town to-morrow, Annt Katy," said Miss Fitch. "Do toll?" returned Aunt Katy, "Comin' home at night ?" "I think not. I believe I shall stay all night, aud eome homo in the boat next day." "Do tell?" said Aunt Katy again. It was a remark which she considered perti nent to any subject or event. "Well, I'll have your breakfast bright and early, and I guess I'd better speak to the omnibus to night?" Miss Fitcli had always been called " Miss Fitch." Even in lier youth site never had been called Mary Anne by any oue but her mother. She liiightfairlyhe called nnoldmaid, seeing that she was nearer forty than thirty. Her soft brown hair showed no traces of gray, and was equally guiltless of cushions or frizzes. Her dress looked like a dress, and not like a rag-bag, though it was suf ficiently in tho prevailing fashion not to be singular, and was absolutely neat and deli cate, even in its blackness. Miss Fiteh was an orphan, her mother having passed away some six months before. Edward Gar rett, who ought to know better, says that orphanage is not touching at forty. I be- lievo it is often far more bitterly felt at forty than at fourteen. 1 read in the paper the other day or a lady who died at the age of one hundred and ten, leaving a single daugh ter of eighty. I do not believe the world held a more desolate orphan thau tlint maiden lady of fourscore. Miss Fitch did not recollect hor father. She and her mother had lived on quietly together ever since she could remember, neither rich nor yet poor, having enough to keep themseves and Aunt Katy, and some thing besides to give away. They were great readers of all sorts of hooks, and Miss Fitch had inherited a couple of shares in the Philadelphia Library, which gavo the use of a good many volumes in tlie course of a year. She aud her mother had been all in all to oach other. Now the mother was gone, and tho daughter felt forlorn and lonely, and as if her work in tho world was done. But she did not give up life for a bad business even now. She lived quietly aud cheerfully on in the little house in Lime-street, reading he hooks, studying her Bible, teaching her regular evenings in the school which a few charitable ladies had set up. for the factory- girls, making baby tilings for a friend in town who dealt in such mysteries, and wait ing on Providence. "I ain well and strong," she reasoned within herself ; " I am as like to live as ever I was ; and I have money enough to support myself aud Katy. It stands to reason that I must have something to do in tho world yet, and 1 have faith to believe thnt my work will be shown to me when the time comes." t _ So she sat still, watching and waiting for an opening, and doing meanwhile such things as camo to hand. According to her third cousin, Ira Horton, there was no need for all this watching and waiting. " It stood to reason," according to that very well-.to- do and prudent farmer, " that there was no sense in Mary Anne's occupying a house which she could rent for two hundred a year, and keeping that old black woman, not worth her salt. There was enough else she might do." So argued Ira, whom Miss Fiteh disliked, and came as near bating as her gentle nature and Chris tian principles would allow, and that for several reasons. He was always assuming the right to meddle in her affairs, he annoyed her by calling her Mary Anne, and he wanted to marry her. Ira had lost three wives in twenty years, and on the first two bereave ments, after an interval of some months, he had offered himself to his cousin. He had not yet repeated the offer sinee the demise of Number Three, but Miss Fiteh knew the event was impending, and she kept out of his way. Chapter II. Miss Fiteh had finished her business in Philadelphia. .Slie had disposed other work and acquired a new stock of materials ; she had bought a new dress for herself and one for Katy ; she had visited the library, and carried off Hakluyt's Voyages aud Mrs. Oli- phaut's new novel ; and she had bought a box of candy at Whitman's — a ladylike weakness of which she was in her heart a little ashamed. She was now sitting in the upper cabin of the neat- and pretty little Bridgeport steamer, quietly amused with the bustle of the wharf, and waiting to open her novel till they should begin to thread the tortuous windings of Cohansey creek. A little heforo the bout pushed off the at tention of Miss Fitch was attracted to a woman who walkqd hastily down to the wharf, and, after asking a question or two, came on board and up into tbo cabin. The woman was poorly dressed in a shabby silk, which had once been rich and handsome, and she held by tho hand a child some six years old, attired in tiie same way — a lllin, wizened, scared little creature with great black eyes and a stoop which amounted almost to a deformity. The appearance of the pair was forlorn in tho extreme, and the woman in particular had a wild, haggard look of utter misery. Miss Fitch had a heart which always went out toward any- thing like a forlorn child. She watched the little girl with interest, and presently offered her a oake whtoh she took from her bag. The child went timidly towards her, and tlieu, as if attracted by something in her face, sat down on a stool at her feet. " Yes, yes," said her companion, in broken English, "you stay by the pretty lady ; sho be good to you." " Is she sick ?" asked Miss Fitcli. Tho woman shook her head, as if not un derstanding the words, and then leaving the cabin she went out on tho little upper deck to which it opened, and stood look ing at the shore and tho ships. The little girl showed signs of drowsiness, and Miss Fiteh lifed her to the cushions , by lier side, where she was soon asleep. Miss Fitch became cngnged in her novel, glancing now and then at the child's guardian who still stood gazing at the ahove. The boat wns now passing the fort, and it was growing too dark to read, when Miss Fitch, looking up, saw the strange woman snddenly spring over tho railing of the deck aud disappear under tiie wheel. Others besides herself had seen the leap. The boat was instantly stopped, and every effort made to save her, hut in vain. She was probably struck by the wheel, for she never rose. " Well, I've done all I could," said Cnptain M'Gregor, coming into the cabin where Miss Fitcli was holding on her lap the still sleep ing child, "Poor thing! she's gone to her account suddon enough. I mistrusted some thing wrong about hor from the first, and I rather guess she meant to do it when slie cauie aboard. It's a wonder sho didn't take the child, too. Poor little thing 1 how sound sho sleeps ! don't she ?" "Rather too sound, I. am afraid," said Miss Fitch ; " I fear she lias been drugged." " Likely as not. It might be a mercy if she never waked, poor lamb. She'll have to he taken care of, somehow, for to-night, and to- morrow I'll carry her hack and hand her over to tho authorities." " And what will become of her after that?" asked Miss Fitch, looking down at the little dark, thin face, so unlike anything sho had ever seen, and which yet seemed some way not utterly unknown to her. " Oh, she'll have to go to the almshouse aud take her chance among the rest. It seems a poor lookout for a girl, don't it ? — worse than for a boy." Miss Fitch did not answer for a moment or two. Then she said, as if changing the subject. "1 suppose this will make us rather late ?" " Well, yes. I've lost more thau an hour with this business, but it couldn't bo helped. The poor thing wasn't much good to herself or any one else, I dare say, but of course I had to take just as much paiu9 to find her as if she had been the best woman in tho world. You saw her when she went, didn't you ?" " Yes," said Miss Fitch, shuddering at the recollection ; " I had my eyes on her at the moment." " Did she jump or fall — think ?" " Oil, she jumped ; there could be no doubt about it. I never saw such a glance as she oast behind her." "Well, well, the Lord's merciful," said tho captain. Very likely she didn't know what she was about. But what to do with tho girl ? My wife's down to Salem and our liouso is shut up, so I can't take her homo." " I will take lier home," said Miss Fitcli, decidedly. "Sho needs care, and watching ; 1 am sure she has been drugged." "Well, I'm sure — But it's just like yonr folks," said Captain M'Gregor. "I'm rather afraid you may get into a scrape, though. The child looks to me as though she was getting down sick." " So much tlie more need of care," answered Miss Fitch. " I have no oue to think of but myself and Katy, you know," sho added, with rather a tearful smile, for she had been much shaken. " We have both had the small-pox, and it can't well be worse than that." About three o'clock in the morning tlie little stray, wrapped in warm, clean llaunel, was laid in Miss Fitcli's own bed. She had roused a little, enough to drink somo of the coffee which Aunt Katy had ready for her own nursling, but she soon dropped off again. Her underclothing, though much worn, was both fine and clean, but there were no marks to be found. The next day Captain M'Gregor camo up to see Miss Fitcli. " Well, what about the little girl?" he asked. "Am I to take her back." "Not to-day, certainly," answered Miss Fitch. " The child is very Bick, and Dr. Elsmore thinks her recovery a matter of ercat doubt. It would never do to move lier." "And hardly worth whilo if she isn't likely to live," said the captain. "It is making you a good deal of trouble, though." "That does not matter," answered Miss Fiteh. "My hands are rather empty of work at present. I am only glad that she was guided to mo, ns she seemed to be." " Well, she's in good hands, whether she lives or dies," remarked the captain, rising "If I find out anything about the mother, supposing she was the mother, I'll let you know. .Suppose the little thing lives, what will you do with her ?" "1 shall see when tho time comes," re plied Miss Fitch. "I have never found thnt I gained a great deal by making up my mind beforehand." " That's as true as you live. Vliat a nice woman she is?" ruminated tlio captain nslie took liis way to tlie boat. " I wonder why slio never got married?" I suppose she's too fine and delicate for common use, like my wife's old China. And yet I don't know ; that same China has outlasted a good uiauy sets of earthenware." Chatter III. Miss Fiteh was sitting in her pleasant parlor-window sewing on a a child's pink frock, and the little stranger who had fallen into her hands two weeks before was bolstered up in one corner of the old sofa. She was provided with a doll, a picture hook and a kitten by way of amusement, hut slie seemed to find her greatest pleasure in looking at Mis9 Fiteh as she sat in the win dow. Captain M'Gregor had made all due in quiries, but he had learned very little. The woman had come from New York with the child a few days before, and had taken lodging at a decent little tavern near the waterside. She had no baggage. She hod paid her way, hut seemed very silent and reserved. The woman of the house had dis covered that she took opium, and believed that she gaye it to the child to keep her quiet. The little girl seemed weak and sickly, and rather afraid of the woman, but she was very good and never complained. The landlady thought both were Spanish or Portuguese. This was all the captain could find out, and this he imparted to Miss Fitch. He also confided to her some ready- made gar ments which lie had purchased in town, say ing he felt as if he had a kind of right to do something for the child. Miss Fitoh thanked him, and said the things were very nice. " What do you call her ?" asked the cap tain. "Katy found a washed-out mark on some of her clothes, of which I con make out only ' Car — ' so we call her Carry, and she seems to like the Dame very welL" Carry, then, if that was her name, sat in her corner tranquilly contemplating Miss Fitch, and Miss Fitch as tranquilly pursued her occupation, when both were disturbed by the entrance of Ira Horton. Ira had heard of the child through Uncle Jacob, who had imparted the additional informa tion that "folks said that Mies Fitch was a-going to adopt her." "Not if I know it," said Ira to himself. " I ain't going to have no such child' round among my young ones. Mary Anno will have enough to do with tliem, and she has just got to hear reason." Accordingly, the next morning Mr. Hor ton ."caught a ride "with a neighbor and came up to Bridgeton for the double purpose of making his cousin hear reason and taking theaftoraoon boat to Philadelphia. Miss Fiteh reoeived him as usual, with due politeness and some stiffness. "So, that's the child, is it?" said Ira, rs garding the little Carry. "A nice lima you ve had on it ! You shouldn't have let yourself be taken in so, Mary Anne. I shall give M Greeor a piece of my mind." Miss Fitch did not seem to think this re. mark called for any answer. She measured silent 1 rio by anothcr. and remained "However, there's no great harm done yet, continued Ira. " I'm going to town this afternoon, and I'll take her along and liana nor over to the proper officers. There's no reason in Tier being a burden on you or on this town." , 'n 1,10 least," answered Miss Fitcli, placidly; "I don't mean sho shall he. cither. " Well, then— I knew you'd hear "reason," said Ira, relieved to find his task easier than he expected. " I'll call for her this after, noon at two o'clock." , " worth whilo for you to take that trouble, said Miss Fitoli. "lean take ths child to Philadelphia myself when I am ready to have her go." 1 know what that means, Mary Anne, ' said Ira, impressively, and rising at the same time. " You are thinking of fixing the young one up with clothes or some such nonsense. There's no use in that ; its only wasting time and. money. You have her ready, aDd I'll take her off your hauds at two precisely." At two o'clock precisely Ira Horton drove up to the door in a carriage, and, jumping out, entered tho house without ceremony. Miss Fitch was working at the window as before, and looked up with an expression, if one may say so, of composed surprise. "Well, where's the voung child?" Ira asked impatiently. "I thought,you'd have her all ready." " Carry ? " aslccd Miss Fitch, innocently. " She is upstairs taking a nap ; she is hardly strong enough to sit up all day." Ira stared. " Why, Mary Ann, what do you mean? Did'nt I tell you I'd call for her at two o'clock precisely, and take bet back to town ?" " And I told you, if I remember, that I should take her hack myself when I wished her to go. At present I have ne such wish." "You don't mean to keep her?" said Ira Horton. "Such is my present intention, Mr. .Horton." " Now, Mary Anne, you won't go and ba such a fool?" said Ira, forgetting his pru. donee in his vexation. "Adopting children is flying in the face of Providence, anyhow, and if you must have one, there's them that has got some claim on you." "indeed. _ I know of no children who have nuy claim on me," said Miss Fitch, her delicate color rising a little. "And you don't know tho lenst thing about her," said Ira, pursuing liis argument. " Like as not Bhe's got nigger blood in her | I shouldn't wonder a bit." Miss Fiteh made no reply. " Now really, Mary Anne, how it looks!" continued Mr. Horton, growing desperate ns tho time grew short. " You don't know how folks will talk — going up to town this way, and coming back with a child that no body knows. It ain't half-way decent. I did tliink yon had some sense, Mary Anne." " I think, Mr. Horton, that I have sense enough to manage my own affairs, "said Miss Fitch, rising and speaking witli emphasis. "Allow me to say that yonr constant inter, ference in them seeniB to mo to be both un. authorised and impertinent. I beg there may he no more of it. Good aftornoou." And Miss Fitcli left the room, leaving Mr. Horton more amazed than if a hen partridge had flown in his faco, " Hullo, Horton ! time's most up," shouted tho driver from the gate, "And there's a dollar for tho carriage, when I might just as well have walked," ex. claimed Ira. " I declare, it does heat all I Yery well, Miss Fitch ! you've lost your chance this time, my girl ! You may live an old maid till you die, for all me." If Miss Fiteh heard this threat she did not wither under it. Slie pursued her tranquil way, making pretty frocks and aprons lor the pretty Carry, who wa« growing stronger every day. and seeming to find great comfort in the child's vehement affection for herself. Carry could remember very little of her former life. She told in her imperfect English of papa and Modrina, and the big ship, and poor Madrina in the water, nud then invariably came such a rush of fear and horror, so much passionate weeping and clinging to her pro. tector, that Miss Fitcli ceased to ques. tion her. As Carry's health improved the stoop in her shoulders disappeared, and her face rounded out and lost the terribly old, suffering expression which had made it so painful to look upon. Sho became a very lively, attractive child, and people who hr.il begun by wondering at Miss Fitch for taking such a burden on herself began to think she had not been so foolish after all. The laurels were in bloom a second tiino when Miss Fitch and ber nursling went to make a visit of some days' duration to a friend in Greenwich. Elizabeth Howell was a maidon lady like herself, but of inoro than twice her age. She was a " Friend," and lived in the old house which had belonged to her family for generations, waiting till tlia change should come which would restore her to all she loved best. Miss Fitch had many friends in the beautiful old town, and on tbis particular day she had gone to visit a far away cousin, taking Carry with her. Elizabeth Howell was sitting in hor rock, ing chair, meditating, and perhaps dreaming a little, when she was roused by a msiily footstep and a greeting from a stout, bronzed and bearded man, whom nobody could bavs taken for anything but a sailor. " Well, Aunt Elizabeth, here you are, just where I left you !" " Why, Matthew Garrison. It is ncvee thyself !" exclaimed Aunt Elizabeth, return, ing the greeting with equal warmth. " Even so, aunt. But I didn't believe you would know." 1 don't see very much change ; only thee has grown old, liko the rest of us," said Elizabeth, surveying him. " Where hast thee been all this time V" "In a great m any places— mostly in South America." " Well 1 well ! Sit down and let me call Hnnnali and got thee some sapper. I am se glad to see thee again, Matthew !" " And so am I glad to see you, aun'cy — if I may call you so, as I used to." "Snre; why not? Tbee was brought up to do it, though thy mother and I wero not real sisters. Just let mo call Hannah and set her about supper, and then I want to hear all tliy adventures." There wero not many adventures to tell- after all. Captain Garrison had commanded various vessels, and latterly a line steamer trading between Rio and London, llo bad been married, but his wife was dead. " Did she leave thee any children ?", " (July one, and I lost her," said Captai» Garrison, sadly. "Poor thing! sho was very delicate, and after her mother's death slie was taken by a lady, a friend of Car men's. They weut on hoard a vessel bound to Para for the sake of tho sea-voyage, but tho yellow fever broke out on board, and they' both died. The nurse's name did not appear on the doctor's list, and I rather sus pect that when the vessel reached Para sua made off with her mistress's valuables. „ At any rate I never could hear of her again. " How very sad 1" said Elizabeth, "lnee was quite sure of tho child's death, 1 sup- "Oh yes ; there could be no doubt. Th captain and surgeon both died, but on the surgeon's record were the names of Maria Hernandez and child. Marie Hernandez was her godmother, and Carmen was t aught to call her 'Madrina,' as the fashion it " Madrina 1" repeated Elizabeth. _ " That is what Mary Anne Fitch's little girl calls her. Thee remembers Mary Ann?, Matthew ?" , . , , "A little," answered the captain, ilryiy " So she is married ? To Ira Horton, » suppose , ghe hlia jjever married any one, above all Ira," answered Elizabeth, more emphatically than logically. speaking of a little girl she had adopted, and who came to her in an odd way. ace, here she comes now; I wonder if she urn know thee?— Mary Anne, here is an old was perhaps just a Mo pj; ns she met Captain Garrison, but btr gicrt ing was just what it should have lit cordial and friendly, but not fluttered in th. lB"And where is the little one?" asked Elizabeth. , , , t. \- "Oh, Eunice Fithian take hcr ii. t. show her some new kittens. Here she come, now. Come here, Carry, and shake hand, with this geutleinan." ci,a But Carry, for once, did not obe) ,. _ stood near the door, ga?JUfi <>n with wide, frightened eyes, Matthew Garrison, both women were rauiaz to see him pale as ashes, looking as l had seen a ghost in the shape of a pretty little girl. ' Carmen !" said he, at last, in a huBky yoice, " my little Carmen 1" The child made no answer, but she sprang forward. The captain caught her in his arms, and in a moment her arms were round lis neck and her head buried on his breast, while he clasped her cloBe and murmured endearments in some soft foreign tongue. " What does this mean ?" said Elizabeth at last. " Is this the child thee thought dead, JIatthew ?" " This is my child, however hbo came here," answered tho captain; "there is no doubt of that." " And the wretched woman who de stroyed herself was doubtless the nurse. But how should sho have come to Phila delphia, I wonder J" Nobody ever discovered tho mystery. Pro. lably, as Matthew Garrison surmised, she |ad run away from Para with her mistress's Jewels and other valuables, and came to New York and drifted across to Philadelphia. But the ivholo matter was b'nrouded in a mystery which was never cleared up. Chapter IV. '' Thoo seems in trouble, Matthew." . Captain Garrison did indeed look both puzzled and disturbed. As Elizabeth Howell Spoke ho left the window where he had been standing and sat down opposite his aunt. " Well, aunt, I am in a good doal of trouble, and I don't see my way out at all." "Perhaps theo is looking too far away," said Elizabeth, who was given to moralising in a gentle, sententious way. "Tho iirst step out usually lies close at hand, if we laVe bnt the gift to see it." "I wish you would show it to me, then," aid the captain, sighing. "What is thy trouble ?" asked Elizabeth. If I know it perhaps I may help thee." " It is about Carmen," said Captain Gar rison, " Y.u Bee I must go back to Rio ; my business and my property are both there, and I have engagements that I must keep because other people depend upon thom." " Well," said Elizabeth. "AVell, I can't leave Carmen behind me. She is all I have, anyway, and it seems as if she had been raised from the dead. But there is no one to take proper care of her ; and then, how can I separate her from Mary Anne Pitch! It will break both their hearts." "It would bo a pity," remarked Eliza beth. " Mary Anne does remarkably well by the child in all ways ; I never saw any child improve so fast. I make no doubt that Mary Anne's care saved her life." "Just so. Sho had a kind of right to Carmen ; and yet, you see, there's a trouble, fix it how you will." Elizabeth seemed to meditate while sho picked up an obstinate stitch and knitted round to her seam. Then she laid down licr work and spoko : "If thee could take Mary Anne along with the child now." " Yes, if I could, but that doesn't seem possible. I don't suppose sho would go as a governess or anything like that." "I was not thinking of a governess ex actly," said "Elizabeth. "Men sometimes marry a second wife, theo knows." Tho captain swore ; I am sorry to record it, but ho did. Ho looked at Elizabeth, and said softly, "By golly !" " Matthew !" said Elizabeth, reprovingly. " AVell, aunt, 1 beg your parJou, but, by jingo," said tho captain, repeating the oil'oncc, with a difference. " I used to think theo lilted Mary Anno pretty well," said Elizabeth, ignoring the second transgression. " Like her ! I never saw the woman to hold a candle to her— not a young woman," said tho captain, with a general idea of ex- cepting present company. " If I hadn't be lieved that sho liked Ira Orton better than sho did me I never should have left these parts as I did." "Theo was in rather too great a liurry," said Aunt Elizabeth. " Mary Anno has re. fused Jra more than once, to my certain knowledge." " But then there's such a difference," said Matthew. "AVhy, she's read more books than I over heard of. Then she's so lady, liko and refined and delicate ; sho just like one of the tall tree-ferns we have down in our parts, and I am liko nothing but a roat— walrus," concluded Captain Matthew espairingly. "Elizabeth smiled. "I never saw a wal rus, but tbco doesn't resemble my notions of the creature." " But really, now, do you think there would bo auy chance!" " I am not given to quoting poetry," said Elizabeth, "but, Matthew, I'll repeat thee \- verse 1 read in one of Mary Anno s books, " Ho either fears his fate tnu much, Or his deserts are small, That dares let put it to the touch To gain or lose it all." JIatthew rose and went to the window. As ho did so he heard tho whistle of the City of Bridgeton on Iter way up the river. He turned and seized his hat. " Ib thee going up to Bridgeton on the boat ?" asked Elizabeth. The captain was guilty of another slip, lie turned round at tho door, and answered with emphasis, "'You bet !" "I think," said Elizabeth to herself pre sently, as she examined the work, " 1 think I have taken up that siiteh pretty well, considering how long it had run." Ira Horton was harnessing up his old horse to go to Bridgeton. Matters had come to that pass with tho house, the children, and the milk that ho felt that be could do without a wife no longer. "Mary Anne was kind of put out about the girl " (thus he communed with himself), " but she'll have got over it all by this time. It stands to reason that Garrison will take tho young one away, or allow something bandsorae for her board and education. The board won't count much, and Mary Anne can teach her and the others, too, or she can go to the district school. I won't tako less than three hundred a year, anyhow." Ira fastened his horse before the house in Lime-street, and knocked at the door, which was opened by Aunt Katy in high holiday attire. " Mary Anno's at home, I suppose!" said Ira in an off-hand way. "AVho?" asked Katy, afflicted with deaf ness. "Miss Fitch — is sho at home?" asked Ira, thinking at tho same moment : " I shall coon send you adrift, old lady !" " There ain't no such person as Miss Fitoh no more," answered Katy. "What do you mean? She ain't dead, surely ?" "Oh dear, no!" cackled Katy — "quite the contrary, I do assuro you. She's been and got married this morning to Captain Matt. Garrison, as was bqr bean years and years ago. " "Married!" Ira drew back as if some one had boxed his ears. " Married this very morning, in tho old ehurch up on the hill, and wont away in tho two o'clook cars. They didn't have no wed ding—only a few particular friends— or I dare say they'd have asked you," chuckled Katy. "Thoy aro going to journoy about for a couple of weeks, and me and Carmen's going to koep house with Eliza beth Howell till she comes back. Then Miss Fitch — Mrs. Garrison, I mean — is a going to rent her house to the new miniBter ; and they're a-going south till the captain can settle his business, and then they're coming back again. And Elizabeth Howell, she asked me to go and stay with her down to Greenwich, 'cause her Hannah's a-going to get married too. So it all works in just right you see." it was even so. Tho captain had solved his problem, and Miss Fitch was Miss Fitch no longer. — Lippincott for October. 