THE HIBERNICON. The Great Hibornicon is the name of an , entertainment of a rather unusual character which was presented at St. George's Hall on Saturday evening for the first time. It con- sists principally of a panorama of scenes in Ireland, and a dramatic, vocal, and terpsicho rean performance, illustrative of the national peculiarities. The views generally are very fairly painted, perhaps rather too highly coloured, but the Lakes of Killarney, the town of Bray, and one or two others, are really pretty. The pictures of New York and the voyage across the Atlantic are also effective. The manner in which the enter- tainment is introduced is this :-Mr. Charles Peabody Doolittle, the accredited agent of the Pennsylvania Society of Investigating Idiots, wishing, in the interests of humanity, to discover the perfect potato, undertakes a tour in search of it in the country which is famous for its production. He is accom- panied by Cuffe, a coloured servant, and on his arrival at the Emerald Isle picks up with a guide, whose love affairs and differences with Cuffe constitute the fun of the affair. The traveller is represented by Mr. Shaw Cross, who naturally is chiefly instru- mental in bringing out the eccentricities of those with whom he comes in contact, but this he does very pleasantly, and, in addi- tion, sings a couple of songs in a good bari- tone voice. " Cuffe" was impersonated by Mr. Johnny Cowan, an old Melbourne favourite, who was greeted by the crowded audience on his appearance with loud applause. He mokes one of the most comical of niggers. His burlesque of Claud Mclnotte'a descrip- tion of his palace is very good, and might be made more of if not delivered quite so quickly, and his new version of " Mary Blane " is ludicrous in the extreme. But the most amusing part of his performance is the visit to the Devil's' Glen, and though the en- counter with the ghost reaches the furthest limits of extravagance, it is only natural that it should be, as it was on Saturday, greeted with shouts of laughter. " Barney O'Neil, the guide," a genial, rollicking, wide- awake " broth of a boy," of the usual stage type, is delineated by Mr. Barry O'Mara in a humorous manner, and is sure to be well liked by the public. His efforts are well seconded by Miss Kate D. Lacy, who enacts the rule of his sweetheart with much archness and sprightliness. Their duet to- gether is one of the pleasantest parts of the en- tertainment. Of course Irish jigs and ditties are plentifully introduced, the only matter open to objection being the fight at Donny. brook Fair, which is certainly too boisterous, and might be judiciously curtailed, if not entirely excised. During the passage of some of the views Miss Bessie Harrison sings some plaintive ditties very sweetly and feelingly, and the pleasure of the performance is still further enhanced by the spirited playing of a most efficient orchestra. 