TH3 DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. ot, l'etpreburg, January 23.— The marriage ceremony of tb Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria com mencd at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assem ble geoi guests, in the Winter Palace and- the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired, the prevaiing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet aid diamonds. The men were in ? uniform, with the exception of the American Diplomatists; After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Chamberlains, and other officers of the Court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince ind Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial ot Geraaiy and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then the bride and the bridegroom, who wore tt*® Sjf' eian raval uniform. The bride was splendidly appareled in a long crimson velvet mantle tu*med with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. &'r tram was home br four pages. Then followed immense proces sion o !' the Imperial family, p*'*^' J'611?3! princes, and court officials. The J-Pg^1 Pnnco wore the uniform of Cuiras^ of Wales the scarlet British ^orw, tlie Pniaaian Prince Imperial that of a Pro-^M0'®1* All were decorated witu the Russian OrtJL °C® w*. The Princess of Wales was dressei' ?' Aark crimson velvet, with diamond Snet ^d ^' P^1 The ,lm^ German Pri-*88 was °re3S£A in the same style. The Russian J-*'loe8B,8 dre6B was Wu® velvet and gold. Prince Arthur ' 88 one groomsmen. All wore Bilver weddiA favonra Tr! procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church : of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with: holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bride groom to the middle of the church, assuming his station,,, with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bride groom stood Prince Arthur dud the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden sslvers, were depo sited on the altar temporarily, until placed oil the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel' was illuminated with innumerable wax candles; die floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet; the. pillars and altar were covered with gold: , The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absenoe of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. Thecrowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair.-j-' Prince Arthur holding the crown .over the Duke of Edin burgh, and Prince Sergnis that over the bride. ' The Imperial Confessor then eaid: 'Thou servant bf God, Alfred Ernest Edward, ait crowned for this hand maiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghosh' Prince Arthur, ' becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded the marriage at Csna of Gatiilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married oouple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding to the ' tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the . conclusion of this ceremony the sacra mental cup was brought forward, blessed and partakenof by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Afterward the choir sang. ' Glory to Thee, O'Lord \ ' concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hell of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walla were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnization of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor, of Divinity bat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episoop&l; surplice with a jewelled collar of the Order of Bath around bis neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English colony were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them, was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Mini star and Diplomatic - officials. Many raglish officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was the vener able Prince Qortahskoff, surrounded by le«4^ members of the ? Bureua nobility, . chants were axMn by. Dtrasbntr- nhsneter.- laas; in long crimssn dremes. When the . marriage' ' procession entered,* foe ? bride ? walked betweeea 'Hot father and the bridegroom. , Prince Arthur Walked h®' bind. ? The beautiful Anglican wedding ' service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Pnncess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. Tbe delivery ot the final benediction, ' God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost— Kess, preserve, and keep you,' was especially touching. The services being 'concluded, Dean Stanley songratulated the newly-msrried couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, eweet, fair- faced; the bridtgroom grave, self posfesred. The Princess of Wales vas lovely, pale, and., delicate. The German Crowfa Prinoos looked healthy— the image of her mother, Queen Viclsria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terns with the German Prince, and both looked well. Daring the cere mony in the English chapel, the Empress ot Russia being a confined invalid and fatigued, seemed over come and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married oouple saluted her. The ceremony beius c ncluded, the crowd dis persed. There ' vus only a limited display of popular enthusisim An illumination of the public squares took pls^e. and the general scene was one of splen did festivity. -The service formed an extraordinary com bination of-*r«nony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the man-fcp® rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subscn«'*«jy a ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of , ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the vridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and officers of the Court 