/ Chapter LXX.—The P duple Light oe Love. While poor Sir Aubrey Perriam'a exis tence drifts by in a repose almost as tran quil as that of the lotus eaters on their sunlit isle, life has serious duties and re sponsibilities for Mr. Standen, Conserva tive member for Monkhampton, a rising young politician of the new school. Edmund-Standen has not returned to the Bank. At his mother's request he has abandoned that commercial career which served to occupy a mind too active to endure idleness. He has found another and a higher vocation in the House of Commons, where he comes out sharply upon financial questions, and perplexes honorable gentlemen whose weak side is arithmetic by searching questions and rapid calculations. He is great on taxa tion, and ever ready to assert the wrongs of those shorn lambs of the Legislature, those helpless sufferers from the burden of the income tax, whose greatest mis fortune is to have half a million or so amenable to assessment. Mr. Standen has a small house in one of the nice old-fashioned streets near Berkeley-square, where his wife is at home j every Thursday evening, to some of the pleasantest and cleverest people in Lon- j don, and where Mr. Standen and two or three chosen friends sometimes seek relief after a dull evening in the House, at a j bright little supper table in the cosy: dining-room, and discuss the blunders and general idiocy of friends and foes over'a lobster salad and a bottle of Maderia. Yes, Edmund is happy. That union of which Mrs, Standen dreamed years ago, when her son was a school boy, had come to pass after all, and Edmund is as completely devoted to his true wife Esther, as if the fatal attachment which over shadowed his youth were no more than the memory of a dream. Two years of foreign travel, and much hard study in the tranquil pauses of his wanderings, served to lay the ghost of that buried love. He came back to England heart free, and brought with him a treatise on finance, which has won him some renown as a political economist, and helped him to acquire a position in the House of Com mons. During those two years of exile Ed mund and Esther never met. Miss .Roch dale remainded at Dean House, the ruling j spirit of order in that model household, quietly doing her duty, visiting the sick, feeding the poor, educating Mrs. Sar gent's children, who adore her, joining in the small festivities of the neighborhood, and uttering no complaint against a life which must have been somewhat joyless and monotonous. Throughout that period, of absence Edmund had rarely heard the name of Esther, so carefully did his mother, avoid any allusion'to :her adopted daughter. Only when he ventured to en quire-if Miss Rochdale were well.and Happy was the name. spoken that had once been so familiar. On his first visit to Dean House after his return from the Continent-Mr. Stan .den looked round for Esther, and missed her. He was told that she had gone to Wexmouth with the children; Mrs. Sar gent having been afraid the sea air would be too strong for her. " The sea always gives me my nervous headache, you know, Edmund," said Ellen,. apologetically. " So dear Essie was kind enough to take the children.'' She was always kind," replied Ed mund moodily. It vexed him to think that Esther had run away in order to avoid meeting him. That visit to Wexmouth could only have been a pretext. One week in September would do as well as another for the children's sea-side trip—and why choose I the week of his return, unless she really wished to avoid him. ? " Have 1 made myself so detestable that she cannot endure the sight of me, even after all I have suffered ?" thought Mr. Standen. "She used to be so full of pity ^especially for wrong-doers." There was one question -which he wanted to ask Esther. A question that had been in his mind, more or less, ever | since his illness at Marseilles. A ques tion which he could only ask when they two were face to face. The thought of this question worried him a good deal during the first day or two at Dean House. It took such a hold upon his mind that after three days of I that tranquil home life—after having ad mired all Mis3 Rochdale's small improve ments in poultry-yard, dairy, and green houses, the new fernery at the end of the shrubbery, and a dozen other evidences of taste and industry which testified to the care of the gentle home-goddess— Edmund's patience would endure no longer, and he startled his mother on the 1 fourth morning by announcing that he I was going to Wexmouth to see Esther and the children. " Those'scraps of humanity must have I grown out of all knowledge in the last j two years," he said, artfully insinuating thereby that his chief anxiety was to see his small nephew and nieces. "Georgia is growing a fine boy, Edmund," said his sister proudly, " and so like his dear papa. He has the Sar gent nose." ■ , " A fine prominent beak... Looks:as if I it was made on. purpose for a barrister's wig," replied Mr. Standen irreverently. He was off to Wexmouth by a little branch line from Monkhampton before noon, and arrived at that tranquil and! retired watering-place at one o'clock.! | Wexmouth is not extensive, and instead of going to Miss Rochdale's lodgings on I Lighthouse Hill, Edmund strolled along the beach, taking his chance of finding her among the idlers who were scattered in groups here and there, upon the-strip | of alternate sand and shingle between the blue water and the sea wall. The tide was out, and the juvenile patrons of Wex-! mouth were having a good time with their pails and spades. Ho one would stay in-doors on such a I day as this, Edmund thought—the sky one cloudless blue, the sea a sunlit lake. ' He went on to the utmost limit of Wex mouth, feeling very sure he should find I Esther by and by. Yes, there she was. A lonely little figure seated in the shadow of an old fishing boat, reading. He knew her ever J so far away. The small graceful form; the Esther he had once so narrowly es-1 caped loving with all his heart. Too late to love her now ; gentle and unsel fish as she was, he could hardly ask her to accept a love which would seem at best remorse. The children were paddling and splashing, and making themselves gritty at the edge of the water, some distance from Esther. Instead of rushing straight to these small people to see if they had grown out of knowledge, and if Georgie really had the Sargent nose, this trai torous uncle never so' much as looked at | those amphibious revellers, but walk on , to the boat, and quietly seated himself j about half a yard from Esther. She did ' not even look up from her book. The shelter of the boat was public property. ■ Yet it was uncomfortable to have a | stranger seated so near, and in a few minutes Esther rose to join the children, whose sports were becoming more and I more watery. A hand gently detained her. The stranger had risen too, and had laid his hand upon her arm. " Esther, why are you go determined to run away from me ?*' he asked quietly, She' turned and confronted her false lover, very pale.- - - There was no anger in the sweet face, only a look of shocked surprise. " Sit down again, Esther, and let us talk quietly for a few minutes. Friend —sister, will you refuse me so small a favor 1" That appeal touched her. § She obeyed him without a word, and they seated themselves side by side under the shadow of the boat. Edmund was slow to speak—so slow that the silence became a little awkward, and Esther felt herself obliged to say something. "What brought you to • Wexmouth, Edmund T" she asked carelessly. "1 hope Ellen isn't anxious about the children." "Ellen knows the children are safer in your keeping than in hers, Essie." The old pet name fluttered that steadfast heart a little. "I came here on my own account. Do you know that for.the^last two years I have been tormenting myself with one particular question." "Indeed. It ought to be a very im portant question." ~ " It is to me a question of life or death. When I was ill at Marseilles, Esther, I had two nurses. My mother was one. I knew her even at the worst. But the other ! I used to fancy that her presence was but a dream. It was not a dream, was it Essie ? There was a second nurse, who watched me night and day, and wept many tears for my sake. Who was that faithful nurse, Esther I I want you to tell me. DarcJb-believe that the one noble-hearted woman I had most deeply ■ wronged came to me—out of the bene volence of her heart—in my time of danger 1" "Hot out of benevolence, Edmund," said Esther. "It could not have been for love to me she came. Oh, Esther," cried Edmund Standen, seizing the girl's two hands, drawing her towards him, looking at her with eyes that shone with love and hope, "if "you can but say that it was, you will make me happier then I ever dreamed I could be. Love, my love, truly loved at last, tell me that I have not outworn your patience, not quite ex hausted your regard." Tears were his only answer. An all sufficient answer, it would seem, for in the silver moonlight of that September evening two happy lovers walked upon Wexmouth's shingly shore and talked of the future. The "future came, and did not belie their hopes. When Autumn's first glory gilds the woods, sober old Dean Hoqse wakes up to a new life, with the arrival of Mr. and Mrs. Standen, their babies and nurses, their friends and followers. The old monotony of that orderly house hold is pleasantly broken, and the dowager Mrs. Standen finds life full of new in terests. She is proud of her son's suc cess as a public man, and amongst the choicest treasures in her sandalwood desk cherishes the reports of his speeches, which Esther has cut out of the Times to Bend to "grandmama." Ellen Sargent looks on placidly at her brother's happiness—while Georgie and the two girls pet and patronise their baby cousins—and only murmurs now and then, with a gentle sigh, " What an interest poor dear George would have felt in Ed mund's parliamentary career." Thus the peaceful domestic life flows on—happy and not umiseful—not that empty unprofitable life which Goethe has called worse than an early death. The End. 