METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. " I must hare liberty .Withal, as targe a charter as the wind, — - To tlow on whom I please " — Shakespeare. Our members have amused themselves this week between legislating and dining.. The governor has got six month's leave of absence, and of course he conld'nt.be sent, as tbe scripture has it, " hubgry away, he muat have a dinner." So Macmahon gathered the elite, the distin guished, the wealthy, and everybody who could afford to get a good dinner for themselves, and gave them one. It was a real dinner too, none of your seven and sixpenny ones, including tough poultry and colonial wine. The' wines were, of course, of the most recherche brands. The corks bore names, which even that luxurious epicure, celebrated in song and story, " Champagne Charley/' would have delighted to honor. The ming ling aud apportioning of the ingredients: of .which the " potage" was composed, showed that the caterer had completely mastered that portion of the gastronomic art. The " chicken fixens" were superb ; all tho birds belonged to the preseut gene ration, and their mastication was quite possible, even by those whose dentals art,- not nature, supplies. Everything was first rate, even the little spouting ; tbe silver aud the sauces ; the fish aud the flowers ; the potatoes and the peas. Our colonial wines took a good place. Tbe Narccno of John Davies who, some years ago, left off politics and took to planting, was there, aud so was the Aucorot of Fallon — wines grown in localities two hundred miles apart—one near tho Yarra, the other near the Murray — thus shewing that the whole country might be properly placed under the tutulagc of the jolly God, aud From the centre all round to the sea might be propeily called Bacchus' Marsh, instead of only a small but fertile patch of it. M.P.'s were there in full force, and if they went into legis lation half so well as they do the feeding, our Statute books would beat all crea tion. Sir G. Bowen is really a liearly good fellow, loves -a good joke, good wine, and good fellowship. Ho has fallen upon good times too. His peaceful reign, so far, has not been disturbed by those kuo'.ty questions of State policy, which killed Sir Charles Hotkam, called forth all tbe constitutional " lore" aud natural acumen of Sir Henry Barkley, deprived the good Sir Charles Darling of his high position, made " Canterbury" sometimes a little unensv, lessened tbe relish of his port aud waluuts, aud made him glad to get away from our midst. There bus not been even a ghost of a dead lock to disturb Governor Bowen. The special genius of his Prime Miuistor Kerferd is to make all things as pleasant as possible — do as you like/but let there be peace and quietness, and for the present there is peace aud quietness ac cordingly. The Richmond people gave Francis a dinner too. It is much to be regretted that we are — even for a time — to lose biin. Few men who have attained dis tinguished positions suited the time so well— certainly none better. Shrewd, ob- serriue, and calculating, be kept pace with the movements of the people. He ruled others because he ruled himself. He never permitted himself — either to individuals or to the public — to make prmrpscs he was conscious he could not or would not fulfil. It he. answered ail application — in any capacity- — with a direct nega'T, It' As because lie was compelled in honesi/ so to do. It is a besetting sin with many Ox om" pniblie men to promise what they neve" GyGn intend to fulfil ; to . raise expects0115 which they know well will never be realised. Many aching hearts and un happy homes have resulted from this worst; of all traits in the character of many of our public men. The brusque, but decided " no " of Francis might, for a moment, dash fondly cherished hopes, but it did not, like the ignis fatuus, promise all tilings to all men. M.P's. lead a man off ths track to land him in a hog, Richmond will bo for a time de prived of the services of a goou repre sentative, and the colony of a good- pub- lic administrator ; I'dt all "ilL join in wishing linn hon voyage, lcstoied vigor, aud safe return. Our Lord Mayor has been dining too. In fact there has been SU-ch a round of feeding, juueketing," and holidaj-'jntuung in the metropolis, that it will be rather' difficult- to settle fairly down to work, again. Whatever qualities man has in common with other animals it must be concluded that he is the ouly cooking aud diniug animal. It is said that the Duke of Wellington — whatever else he- did — always dined. He had an accom plished French cook, who "accompanied him through all his campaigns. While the battle of Waterloo was raging, '-cooky" was quietly preparing the Duke's dinner. Some ' one suggested that the English general would not want it. The cook, however, strong iu his fiiith in the hero of a hundred fights, replied, " The Duke may he late, hut lie will vant his dinner von he has vin the fight." The Duke dined iu his tent somewhat pensively, perhaps, but the cook served up the dinner to the illustrious victor, quite a matter of course. " Cooky never doubted the result of the. fight. I once dined with a friend whose hospitality really partook of the sublime. He was one of those men who wielded the carving knife in such a scientific manner as rather beautified than dilapi dated the joint, or the barn door that, he operated upon- — barn door fowl I moan. To see him handle the knife and fork one would banish the idea that there was such a thing among those things, "the flesh is heir to" as dispepsia— the very appearance of the man at the head of his table would cure the most confirmed hypochondriac. On the occasion, how ever, -when I had "the delectable pleasure of haviDg my legs under his mahogony, a pudding of very elegant exterior, and sending forth a sweet smelling savor, which would not have played second fiddle to Araby the blest) was placed before -the host. It attracted tho special attention of all the guests. All were helped, and were in ecstacies of delight— a rare treat had been prepared. However, as soon as the much admired chef d'ouvre appeared, the genial coun-. tenance of our host was suddenly over shadowed as a glorious summer day is sometimes - by; a ..thundercloud, a deep sih escaped him, like The prelimm.il y sough of a: coming' storm. However, after a little the cloud passed away, the threatened storm did not break. My curiosity was aroused, so I took a. pliant hour, after dinner, and asked my friend the reason. " Well," said he, " that has been the most expensive dish that coines to my table ; I am very fond of it." "Then there is more credit due to the good wife for producing it," said I. : " Ah," said he; ." there's the "rub. The little vagabond . knows how. fond I am of that padding. Whenever I "see it I am certain an attack is going to be made npon my pocket. After that pudding, I am as helpless as a child ; .1 sign my name to the cheque, always .served up before the flivor .of that con coction — whatever ii is — has departed." That little woman knew;, her better half's' weak points; aud utilised it. Rent day at home is a great dining day Madge and Hodge go to the great hall, and revel in the good things which are in that case made and provided. A dinner a la mode is sometimes a puzzle to the uninitiated in the science of diniug. as course after course of a dinner a la Russe appears, which sometimes, from the oysters to the cheese, consists of little short of twenty courses. This sort of wonder is set forth in the following lines of some waggish rhymster : — Hodge went one day to tlie squire's to dine, And drank his fill of ate and wine. Next day wheu asked how he fared, Said, " Yon may guess I somewhat stared— For after guttling soup and fish, And veiision from a silver dish, Plompooding, too, and things like these, They brought me in " plain bread and cheese." I suppose our national roast beef and plum pudding will be our next excuse for feeding and holiday making ; in the mean time I suppose we must do a bit of work. If one have a liesure half hour while in the metropolis, I do uot know that it can be better spent than in tbe County Court, while your old, and of necessity much respected and well remembered, friend Judge Cope is on the bench. The manner he handles indebted humanity, unravels knotty points of practice in various trades, and detects attempts at sharping, is a sight to see. On a regu'ar field day it would almost appear that oue half the world was indebted' to tbe other half. Sometimes after a running fire upon a score or so of names — plaintiffs and defendants. A wig rises and ac quaints the bench, that he is about to display his forensic abilities for the defendant. Then at it they go bammar and tongs. An unfortunate ereditor oets into the box, carefully nroduces books, &c.;, and after about ten minutes badgeriug, seems to be in some doubt about his personal identity, and is completely confused as to whether he sells hats in Bonrke-street or in the moon. In another ten minutes he would swear at the suggestion of the opposing wig that he was uot quite sure that he was not a bricklayer or a sailor. He gets out of tbe box as much relieved as we may suppose a man to be who had just escaped the rack or the thumb screw. Sometimes a smart, not to be bullied sort of a witness is put up, creates a bit of fun, and the barrister gets off the track. A case of the kind oc- curred sometime since. After the usual question " What's your name," the lawyer suggested : " You keep the Rose, Thistle and Shamrock on the Heidleberg-road ? " " No, I don't" said Smith. Tho qiiostionor was astonished, but after a little fencing was informed that the " pub" with the emblematic sign "kept Smith," and not badly either. Laugh in court of course. Barrister waxed wroth, and tried bullying. " Pray who are you Sir, and -yat are you Sir, that you presume to treat uie court with levity and con- temmpt " Who am I and what am I?" said Smith. " I am an Englishman, and I always paj twenty shillings in- the pound." Some part of this reply seemed to touch a bit of raw situated somewhere under that wig. Legal flesh and blood could stand it no longer. The interfer ence of his Honor was earnestly en treated, . but his Honor, who had evi- dftntly been amused with the witness, said, c< Heall v T don't See how I can interfere ; it is no offence for .1 to be an Englishman, and further, if ereff mttn paid twenty shillings in the pound, there would be no necessity for this court." Smith got out of the box smiling, and bombazine and horsehair subsided, a sunder and a wiser man. However all this badgering seems to go for nothing with the" sm.-srt little judge. He soon discovers on which side the truth lies, or nearly so. He tots up. the case aud givs his verdict with a clearness and decision which generally wins the ap probation of the spectators. There are some clever young attornies practising in that court,, and' the Judge is much to be commended that he will not allow them to.be put down by the old practitioners. He preserves order in a good-humored mauner, and strict compliance with the rules of court. I have heard lamentations on all sides at the result of the Gup race. Pawn brokers and usuers-are in ecstacies. Tbe day was Certainly somewhat dusty, but it is astonishing the number of watches requiring repairs since tne memorable Guy Faux Day, Pope said : — Our judgment, like our watches, none Go just alike, but each believes his own. There are threo of my personal friends who would have backed their watches on tho 4th November, 1874, against the most perfect chronomoter, or even the sun dial in the Flagstaff Gardens itself, but strange to say they all wanted re pairing on tbe 6th. The repairs will take a month at least to perfect. Biondin resumes his wonderful per formances on Saturday next. It is well the tent did not give way while an as semblage of spectators was present. There would have been great confusion, at least, perhaps, loss of life. There is a good story afloat about the high-rope dancer. He advertised in America for a secretary or managing man, at a liberal salary, and received about ten thousand applications. After the usual sifting process, he gradually reduced the number, until at last lie selected a gentleman, who seemed suited in every way. The bargain was made, seemingly to mutual satisfaction. "By tho by," said Biondin, " there is one thing I forgot to mention. However, it is a trifling matter. I carry my secretary across the. rope every even ing; and also across the Niagara.'': The chosen : one looked aghast, - and politely declined. However, it seems that Btonto succeeded in getting uman with as well as business qualities. If mentioned the trilling matter <te«d vertisement, he weald hove saved In - much trouble. 