HOME AND FOREIGN. Via Port Darwin. ROUGH TREATMENT OF A BRITISH CONSUL. LONDOn, May 14. The Commandant of the San Juan, at Guatemala, quarrelled with the resident British Vice-Consul, and inflicted upon him two hundred lashes, when the opportune arrival of troops prevented his being flogged to death. The Commandant has been arrested. The Copperfield, Clermont, and Lilyvale mails did not arrive to time on Saturday; the detention is owi ng no doubt to thc state of thc mads. Wo are informed that the Post Office pillar- box. North Rockhampton, has been removed to tho corner of Cambridge and Bolsover streets, in which position it is expected to be of much greater service to the public, as such a convenience has been a want in that locality for a long time past. AT the Police Court on Saturday morning, before Messrs. V. N. Beddek and E. P. Liver- more, Js.P., Adolf Halberstaedter prayed for sureties of the peace against August Jensen. Mr. Milford for the complainant; Mr.Brown for the defence. The evidence of the complainant disclosed that the defendant had used words to him which caused him to fear for his life. Two witnesses were examined for the defence, but the Bench considered the case proved, and ordered the defendant to find sureties in the sum of £10, and to keep the peace for three calendar months. This was immediately pro- duced, and the defendant was liberated. Wi: understand that Kio suh<>oni;r Ijiicy and Adelaide, recently arrived iï.un lin'slmne, i« o[ieu for sale. A demand lias lately K¡irun;j nj» for this class of vessels, and it is moro than likely that Hojiie of our idiipowncrs will avail themselves of the opportunity, and add another lino vessel to thc list of our coasting licet. AK accident occurred on Saturday afternoon opposite Mr. W. Hopkins' shop in Denham street. A man was walking 'juicily along whoo he was observed to Bpring up suddculy, and, turning over, strike the ground heavily with his head a little above the forehead, in- dicting a very severe wound. Ho was imme- diately picked up by thc by-standcrs, when it was found that he was in au epileptic fit. Kostoratives were applied, and he was speedily lirought-to, .ind tho cut which was full of gravel washed and dressed, and the patient removed to his home. Ouu advertising columns briefly announce the arrival of Signor Vorteilt, tho Australian Blondín and Champion Conjuror of the South ; who, with Madame Eugenic, are to give a grand and varied entertainment at thc Cremorne Gardens on Queen's Birthday, in asccudingtho wirocord and performing thereon, besides a display of ventriloquism, somatic conjuring-thc exhibition of the Tom Thumb Ghost or Dancing Skeleton, and numerous graceful and astounding tricks and wonders. In the interval he intends astonishing thc natives by sailing down the Fitzroy in a tub ilrawu hy six geese, due notice of which will bc given. WE would direct the attention of the lovers of lii-fit-elasH theatricals to an advertisement in another column, announcing thc programmo of the first two nights' performances of Miss Joey Gougcnhcim, who, according to thc London Daily Naas is regarded as " a Dramatic Star of the first magnitude." The same authority says that " Miss Gougcnhcim has a handsome mobile sparkling face, au excellent figure, a pleasant piquant manner, and a thorough knowledge of stage business," and judging from the enconiums that have appeared in all tho colonial papers with reference to her acting, we should think the opportunity afforded to thc people ot Rockhampton to sec and judge for themselves will be duly appreciated and enjoyed. Thc opening performance is an- nounced for this evening. Ir is reported on good authority that the Minister for Works has decided upon asking Parliamentary sanction for a feature survey of a further extension of the Northern Railway beyond tho Mackenzie. He is opposed to thc carrying out of tho two branch lines, viz., one to Clermont and the other in thu direction of the Barcoo, and is at present strongly inclined to give the preference to the latter, lt is also stated that thc trunk linc will not go to Lurline, as intended when thc money for the present extension was voted, but will stop a few miles this side, suuiewhcro near thc locality originally contemplated by Mr. Plews. This proposed action affords some evidence of Mr. M'llwraith's siuccrityin his professed desire to push on tho railway extension with vigour, and wo may yet hope to soo the splendid country of tho Barcoo and Thompson rivers, as weU as tho Comet and Peak Downs, in a f ow years brought « ¡thin easy access from tho seaboard. A noou muster of subscribers to thc testi- monial to T. S. Ball, Es«,., late malinger of tho llockhampton brauch of thc Australian Joint Stock Bank, took place at Joyce's, Queen's Hotel, at noun on Saturday. His Worship the Mayor took thc chair, and opeued the proceedings by saying that thc col- lectors, aecordii'3 to promise, had ca'Icd thc subscribers together to ascertain their wishes as to thc disposal of thc money. The total sum subscribed amounted to £203 (two huudrcd and three pounds). Of this £40 (iu accoidancc with Mr. Hall'swish) had been spent in valuable books, to be placed in a cabinet which was being constructed in Sydney, aud when com- pleted it would bo handed to Mr. Hall. He (thc Chairman) v. Ished to ascertain from tho stibscrilicrs how the balance of the money was to bc disposed of. lt was then resolved that thc money be presented in sovereigns, and that a meeting be arranged for at Joycc'B at four p.m. ou Monday (to-day) to formally present the testimonial, when it was hoped there We understand that Mr. T. S. Hall goes cu Tuesday in the Queensland. IK our abstract of proceedings iu tho Assembly on Friday week, thc following items of local interest did not appear by inadver- tence :-Mr. Falrner moved,-"(1.) That a Select Committee bo appointed, with power to send for persons and papers, and leave to sit during any adjournment of this House, to consider the potion of Messrs. Wills and Co., of Gladstone, under tho Encouragement to Native Industries Act of !8C9. (2.) Such committee to consist of Messrs. Graham, Buzacott, Beattie, Dickson, and tho mover." The motion was put and passed. Mr. Dick- son moved,-"That a Select Committee be appointed, with leave to sit during any adjournment of this House, and power to call for persons aud papers, to report on thc bill now before thc House, entitled ' A Bill to Incorporate tho Western Peak Downs Copper Miuing Company (limited),' such committee to cousist of Messrs. Edmondstoue, Stewart, Do Satgc, Wienholt, Graham, Buzacott, Groom, aud thc mover." The motion was put and passed. WK learn from private sources that the weather at Cooktown has nt last become per- manently fine, and that considerable activity is manifested in getting supplies to thc Palmer. The proposed laud salo, which will take place shortly, has also stimulated speculators i uti i action, aud examinations and inspections of the " corner allotments. " and probable lino of traffic arc the order of thc day. lt is supposed that notwithstaniu'ng tho dimensions the return ruell has assumed, there is^uiteriufficicntshow in thc way of gold-bearing reefs tn in luce a large population to permanently »ettie ami open up the country. Most of thc diggers who have left and are leaving, complain that they cannot pay thc high rates which are charged hy the storekeepers on the Tulmer ; thu yield of gold is not täullioieutly large to allow them to do so ; in other words they cannot- uara "tucker.'' Thc blacks arc ßtill very troublesome and steal on parties of men at night and spear them. Several cases of this kind .ire reported io Cooktown, causing great excitement among the population. The roads arc reported as improving rapidly, so that erelong lhere will he a good track for drays from i'ouktmvu to the diggings. Several deviations will have to he made, however, from the present road which will entail considerable trouble aud expense, but tin's is not thought of in the general desire to obtain complete and rapid means of transit. Taken altogether, thc news is vcty unsatinfactory, although it is of course impossible to hay what thc gold- bearing country may yield now that the weather is nettled line. A few mouths, however, KIIOUM decide ono way or Another, Tm: revenue collectai at Oie Cu-.Vi'ji House for the week ending .Situn'.i.v, May Ifith, amounts to £lS7.ri lía. 7<1. MAILS jier Queensland, a., for lïrisban: .uni the intermediate ports « ill close for rcglstcri.d loiters at ß o'clock this evening, and for ordi uary letters at 8 o'clock Tues lay morning. - Mails per Florence Irving, s.s., for the Aus- tralian colonies will close for registered letters at 0 o'clock this evening, and for ordinary letters at 9 o.m. ou Tuesday. THE steamer Florones Irving arrived from tho North on Saturday uight with over one hundred passengers on lioard, who, in lauding on thc outer atagiug of tho A.S.N. Company's wharf, loudly complained of the danger they were subjected to by thc insuilicicnt platform provided. lu consequence of thc spring tide ibo vessel waa very high out of the water, ami thc p'auk from her s'de to the wharf was at a very steep incline, with one cud resting on tho ship and thc other at the extreme inner edge ot tho staging, so that it formed a sort oí tra]», compelling thc oflicers of the ship tn station men along the plank and wharf to prevent the passengers from falling overboard. It is nearly time that something was done to at least lesson the liability to a serious if not fatal ac- cident. MIN-IKU Ni:\vri.-Thc 3i. Chronicle of May 14, says:- From a gentleman who returned yesterday from the Kilkivan district, ave have the most lloir- isliiiig account of the gold reefs. Thc Ilise and Slime line appears to monopolise tho greatest amount ni attention ; the pros- pector's e'aiui working, a». 1 (ive claims lo the north and four t i the south having been taken up, aud being worked. The prospectors are down about following the vein. From four inches the reef lifts increased to an average width ol' 10 inches. Our informant saw seveivil buckets of very valuable specimens obtained in this claim, ami several prospects-tried in a mortar-of stone taken indiscriminately from tho heap gave thc most satisfactory .ni l promising returns. lt is estimated tli.it at thia shaft there are about 00 tons of stone to grass, prospecting to go to 10 to 12 ozs. At the lowest calculation, there arc 300 tons already at grass. The other claims look cipialfy premising, Messrs. Jones (Boonara), Atherton (Miva), Woodworth and McTaggarl(Kilkiv.in) have oifercd to place machinery on the ground. A meeting has been arranged for to-day tn take the offer into consideration, and it is probable arrangements will lie made for machinery to be erected forthwith. A splen- did site for the machine exists within 2'.I0 yards of the reef, wood and waler being alum liant. A number of average specimens obtained from this reef may lie seen dining to day at Messrs. Powell, Gardner, and Hull's stoic. A second line of reef-thc Morning Star-running parallel to the Ilise and Shine, north and south, is now being opened, and promises to prove very rich. In fact, our informant-who, wc may remarle, is uninterested, gives a most enthusiastic account of the prospects of tho field. MAUYUOIIOUUM GIIIEVANI;IM.-The Council (says thc Wide Bat/ and Bnnwit Nevis of May 1:1), are determined to go on in their m id career. Fortified by tho opinion of Mr. Grif- fiths who thinks thc amendment to thc Muni- cipal Act was a mistake, and unnecessary, and also by the very qualified and cautious ex- pressions of tho Attorney-Genera', they are going to ignore tho decision of tho Appeal Court, and try to enforce tho rates. Of course this will be illegal, and must be resisted to tho utmost by all the ratepayers. Another stop should be taken, and that is for thu ratepayers to petition thc Supremo Court to make an order that all thc costs of the forthcoming legal struggles on the part of the mumu'pality, j should bc made chargeable to the Mayor and Aldermen personally, lt is, we are informed, within the power of thc Court to make this order if sullicicut cauBC is shown. Out- in. formant states that Chief Justicu Hanson in Adelaide made such an order against the Mayor and Corporation of that town, umlcr somewhat similar circumstances to those wc aro now experiencing. The Chief Justice, wo arc told, gave as his reason that it would bo manifestly unjust to allow the Corporation full control of thc municipal funds, to expend in actions brought against the bulk of the ratepayers, as it would be equivalent to Allowing a servant to usc Iiis master's money, to liriug actions against himself. A petition signed by the bulk of the ratepayers would be sullicicut cause in the present instance for our Supreme Court to make a similar order, and uulcss some such protection is obtained there is no knowing in what heavy liabilities theso reckless mon in the Council may not involve the town. We beg to remind our readers that thc system now adopted by the Municipal Council precludes us from obtaining os full reports as we would like. Every meeting they transact their chief business in secret committee, and thc reporters are turned out. When business is resumed every precaution is taken by these enlightened gentlemen to prevent tho reporters from being present-the doors ace quietly opened and the rcpoit, &c;, pushed through. Unless a reporter plants himself in the open struct in front of their door he cannot tell when he is to be allowed admittauce. Wc ineution this little circumstance bocaso it is so highly characteristic of thc men, aud that low sort of cunning which guides their actions as a body. lÎATiiiiit HOT.-Thc N. Miner of May í>, says:-A meeting of tho Hospital Committee was hclil on Tuesday evening. As wc have been o&cluilcd; from thecouimittc by thc action of tue majority in it, who are sh arch oh lera in thc Northern Advocate newspaper, thc public arc deprived of what they have a right to know, and to find in our columns. What tho Northern Adoocatn has become under thc management of its shareholders is now pretty plain-a mero literary dust bin, on which may bc written " Rubbish shot herc:" thc mann doringa of Jack Smith-poor fellow, we have no wish to lift his red blanket to display his sores-and the frothy diatribes of thc M IM«, class. If all thc cliipic give tongue at once in this many mouthed journal, *' no fellow " can stand it, and we shall be driven to apply for , an injunction. E.JM3-. cannot see thc dif- j fercnoc hcrwoon tho conduct of a journal making certain charges against civil servants in ita editorial columns, and thc conduct of a join nal which fires behind a hedge as the Northern Advocate did behind thc name of Jack Smitli, said .lack Smith, tilias Siggerson, being at the vciy time on the stair of the Northern Advocate. Wo do not ¡utúnp to notice any more of those curious compound* found in the limited organ. K. ÏMï's mixture : might bo very good if left to itself, but some clumsy hand put a "bead" on his cu"usio]i,laid on a thick t ip dressing of ipecacuanha and other *' perilous stuft".1' The Binell of the shop is positively nauseous, Lit K.IMí, stick to his own "bivw" and allow of no adulterations. His strictures on tho gold-licld bill, when divested of his rampant invectives are entitled to attention. When a man begins to accuse an opponent of bein ¡j actuated by base motives be endangers his own ciuse. Tlie i-íoM-íiclds Hill eau bc discussed only in the interest of the mining community, and to Attribute had motives to om* exposition of its cl au tts, and in tho amendments wc proposed is mere childishness. We have seen nothing to changes in tho views we i-vpressed on the Hill. We have invited discussion, and those who came forward to do BO arc entitled to a fair hearing provided they usc argument, and not abase. Thc fact is tho slow coaches of thc Northern Advocate, are "riled " at our late progress, that we should dare to think or speak on a <« "dander " up awful, and sn instead and showing wc are wrong, they collect all thc rotten eggs ami cabbages nf thc district,, prepare a torpedo filled with nitroglycerine, chloroform, blue light, penny-whistles, and nobblers, and discharge the "infernalinachiue" atas. Hut we "stand in our shoes" as our 1 friend Tat Shannon expressed it. Thc cou ap'rators of the indignation laoot'iig bmted | «1 nilly at the drab-action of Ibo " Vor'ier» Miner " »nico liy liic, a id om: nf theil s¡M tliat fire in-glit p-nvc d.angci-ima, aud liiere w ia no necessity for it when ( 1-uru vere plc'jty : si r.mg rujien to lie got handy. Wc may bring that eiiusp'rator into liglit yet, ami hang li;-n ; M ith one of his ow,i rones. How IT WAS HONE.-A eorrcsjioiidcut of a Melbourne journal asserts that M. Balliere gave him thc following particulars of his escape with live other Curuuiumsts exiles from Noumea: -" While in duresse he aud his companions '. wtiro not treated upon the same level with thc rest of thc Communists, and had perfect liberty to roam about thc island, merely being required nt stated intervals tu report them- selves. They therefore continually occupied themselves in planning an escape, and thc time haviugaticugtharrived, they accomplished it in tho following milliner. They obtained thc concurrence ot the captain of tho ship (the P.C.E.-Pcaco, Comfort and líase), for which they promised 10,000 frances (K400) ; and on thc night thc vessel was to weigh anchor a small boat was placed at au appointed part nf the shore, in a secluded spot. That night they were dining with Monsieur ChauJon. le directeur du service de la porlation, and it was their custom nearly every evening to meet at a little drinking shop, to have a parting chat and a glass of purtcr ; moreover, they were in the habit of going to thc shore-it was not distant-and occasionally hutliiug. So this night they met as usual and in au unconcerned maimer one went to the water's edge, had a smoke, linishcil his d-'idk, and weut back again, finally going away fur the night. This little dramatic performance haring been gone through by the entire baud, they parted for their respective rendezvous ; Mons. Balliere was to get into the boat and to pick up the «tilers along thc shore outwards. Thc night was fortunately dark, und thc sky obscured by threatening rain. To arrive at the llrst point where two were tn bc taken into the boat, Monsieur Balliere had to pass a look-out guarded by two sentries. This, how- ever, was safely done, and the firist couple taken into the boat. Tho advisability of thus dividing tho party was in order, should tho scheme fail, that as few as possible might bc implicated. At the next rendezvous, some distance from thc starting-point, were Messieurs llochcfort, Croussct, and Souvde, who had waded out to their necks in thc water HO that they might not bc seen on laud ; they I also wore safely taken into thc boat, and the I entire i>avty proceeded on their perilous passage-they had yet tn pass two point» which were guarded. Tn the first instance, they distinctly heard thc tramp of thc «entine1 ; but darkness shielded thurn from view ; on approaching the military «hip, how- ever, they found it was almost impossible to escape detection; hwt fortuna favil fortif/ut and just as tiley were within a hundred yards distance a very heavy fall of rain took place, and BO completely obscured everything that they could not even see one .mother. Nothing could have more effectually aided them, for besides thc shelter of darkness, the rain as it were smothered the noise of their oars, und they passed on iu security. Their troubles and dangers were not yet over, for they bad neither compass to guide them nor port knowledge to guess hy. They rowed on, however, ¡md the genius of Aphrodite, or thc the best republican goddess, must have been fiittiug on their prow, for they went as if it were by instinct almost straight to their destination-having been two hours in thc boat. They had to survey thc barque before ascending and having made certain of her by tlie letters 1*. C. E. on her stern, they mounted without being noticed, and soon found their way to the hold of thc vessel, where they remained for the night. The following day tiley emerged (when the ban j no was at sea) ami went »u deck, being by that time rallier stiff and hungry. The capt lin was about thc first to see them as they in areli cd forward in single lile, headed by Uoclicfort. * Hullo !' he exclaimed 'who arc you?' A correct reply was given, and immediately came to the front M. < J müsset, then M. Jïiillicre, and so un. At each now face thc captain gave true tragic efi'oct to tlie Keene, hy expressions of the utmost astonishment, and striking a fresh attitude at each comer for the special benefit of in's sailors and others not iu the secret." 