MINISTERS appear to belong to that happy class of persons celebrated, in Scotch Song, who are contented with little and canty with mair." A Ministerialist, in these latter days/'may Be defined "to be' any .ofrthe Le^Matufe'wKb'does not .absolutely denounce the Ministry—any one, in short, who is willing to let Ministers be heard. - This-is rather a hew reading of old principles, especially when the question, at issue is a sort of, constitutional, revolution, arid, above 'aU K after,the people have' been ashed to‘* tilings aside and give v 'their ’ mih'ds to "one great' point ouly'ih' the programme.'’'-Eut, even this does not show the full-extent of whatmay be called the easy virtue ofthe Ministry,lt is simple enough to understand who: speak ambiguously' are at'biic'e strained to the ministerial bosom, hut,: even;; as birds in their: little nests agree, we might; Certainly expect to* find that Ministers amongst themselyes,were,a,. soft of phalanxi 1 against which carping' criticism' would hurl itself in vai'nl jßut/as Lord Byron put it, - - -■ ■■ ■ :!>: i " -You have the. Pyrrhic dance aa yet,.. Where is the Pyrrhic phalanx;gonew;. ’ - Indeed, the question is most relevant .to these .days, for the. dance which the -country ;has been led is'a most .extraordinary, * the ministerial ranks are. state,of : disorder' rather to be expected:-than ■■ to -be admired.; After the extraordmaiy uttefahces'. : of' Mr, Cohen and Mr Gillies we need I riot;be; sur-.; priced at'anything, but if we had <nbt already got beyond the possibility of suchastatepf min'd,! we might feel no little degree of wonder at the utterance of the last new' Minister,' Mr Ander son, who has replaced Mr Fraser as Minister of Public; Works.., The new Minister, in : his address to the'electors of the Eastern* Province, is pleased to say that his acceptance of office is a proof that he desires a reform of the Constitu tion, “ so as to secure finality in, legislation.”. We do not’profess to quite understand what is meant by the~ words which we have .quoted, nor are we sure that " the gentleman Who" em ploys. them is< ; any, clearer,» than - ourselves,' since nothing is more curious than the, loose way in . winch . the, words “ finality ” and, .‘ha. final power ”' have, been used ever since the reform scheme: began to be discussed. How ever, we. are not,' just now, concerned with those true no-meanings which' puzzle more than wit. On one point Mr Anderson makes his meaning quite clear, and that is, that he does not intend . to support the scheme -of reform as' laid '• before the country. He says “ I think that out of the scheme propounded by the Ministry, a measure.may ;be. framed that would accom-- plish the object sought, and be acceptable to both Houses of the Legislature.”, In other words, Mr Anderson, the Minister, is iiohdis posed to support the,ministerial,scheme. He thinks merely that something may be made out of it,-but he does not saywhat modification he would propose, nor what prospect there is of the object sought, viz., finality, being agreeable to the Legislative Council. He is little better than one of the wicked. . He: speaks just as',a dozen or'inore candidates have spoken who "did not wish to commit themselves to any decided opinion, all of whom were: supporters of the Government: with; > difference? Of course, there would be nothing strange in this, were not Mr Anderson a Minister, one’of a number pledged to try to bring about a definite change in the Constitution of the colony, so as to get rid bf what is said to be the obstructive character of the Upper House. ,It,is impos sible after thisAo doubt’that ‘Ministers" have no defined policy,'that what they have pro posed was put forward without,,due considera tion, and has been abandoned. after a very moderate degree of public discussion. The Norwegian scheme was a sort of “happy thought.” It was just one of’’those specious things which-.take a. certain class of minds, 'whose belief is, that any political problem can be solved by an expedient. A little experience showed that this was by ho means the case, and ever since that discovery, which was made at a very, early date, Ministers' have: been ready to change their plan, and now we learn, from one of themselves, that they are not indisposed to abandon it altogether. Because, to say-that something may be framedout” of the minis terial scheme. and.. that, the -scheme may be abandoned, - is: very* nearly the same thing, especially r .‘wlien ■ a, Minister lays himself out to retreat-from the,position; which his, colleagues have taken-up.;' ■ Such ,a : result does not, we rieed_ hardly, say, . take us by surprise, for nothing could be plainer from the first than that Ministers had made : a mistake, and had rushed into a piece of business which they did not understand. Still, when Ministers make mistakes, especially upon .constitutional ques tions,-they! are: generally supposed to gracefully retire,; leaving others . to face the -difficulty which they have found or fancied. It is'not ■usual?to. announce beforehand that possibly .somethingmay ( be Made “but” of a defined line of- policy,‘if "only their opponents will come to their, rescue, and do -for Ministers what Ministers halve; been, unable ,‘to do selves. • . ‘I? !!?,:?■. We quoted, a short time ago, some experiences detailed byi Charles’ Dickens of a’ wonderful conjuror whom he saw at Boulogne, who, un like the mediums,-told . the people present not what they had thought,'but what?they ,wduld, think. . He did, more than- this, ‘such as reading a series of dates vmtten mpbhA' after he had; been- *' blindfolded under a blanket,' and so * astonished Dickens as' to leave him in a .state of. : conjuring' prostra-' tion. .aThiSi.-was, - . be'Jit remarked.-onlv ambor' conjuror at a country fair, not a world renowned medium, or pretender to spiritual istic powers. The curious parfcjof the 'business is, however, that Dickens himself did-' some things which would have madepthe fortune of the) spirits, on so; ■firm a oasis as tdiprevent doubt 3 * eventfon the; dH**’ of thpse most’’given.to very .matemd tests.;; Dickens sras ifL;|lBs7,S rdunngv,thevrace,weel§fwhai'';h6i i *aerful, paralysing coincidence” ' befell him.' He was not by any means a horsey man, he 'tOok^n'o~interest' v in'l : a¥es, , and*was,~iri Tact)' disgusted At;-.the brutal- excitement which ! he .yet he was a prophet amongst the prophets. r,jt is related, that he bought a card, and facetiously wrote down three names as the winnera-of the three chief events, “ and, if you can believe it,” he writes :to Mr Forster, “withoutyour hair standing on i end, those three races were won, one after an iother,, by those three horses!!!” But this is ■ merely one feat. Here is another at least as iremarkable. A wonderful ghost story was jtold in the 125th number of All the . Year Round, which was identified as one Related by Lord Lytton. Subsequent to this_ the artist.himselfj the hero of the story) sent a full account of his wonderful experiences' ,to Lord Lytton, so very far beyond what had already been published, that the story was re told with^mmense',effect/ Butj ‘hereupon arose a difficulty. The artist, it turned out, had been engaged rto ■ write ..his ■ “ experiences” for another paper, and when he saw himself antici pated ItrA ll "ihe Yedr RoiiridYo' declared’that, there must have been 'treachery at hisprihter’s;; .upbciL/rtibie : fact; that, in . All the Year Round a date, the 13th Septem ber; appeared, iwhich the! artistlhad purposely' withheld. And,,the explanation of the busi ness is but another Vbhder:'‘ ;: ‘'Dickens writes . as viy- storyhad -no ; date; but seeing, when I looked.over the proof, the great importance of having, a date,c. I /(C: D.) ; wrote du; i ,uncpnscidusly;;.fhe‘ 3 6xa'ct ydate,bn the. margiiiibf.theiproof.” ■;Are we' toaiipppse that l the spirits, who 'took the trouble td ! appear‘ to ‘ the artist, were careful to secured of their pen ? If not^why^njjtjf";jH^ve^accept"the spirits at -all, 'why should‘welimit their powers?. ..Only, ,as they the ? ‘aftist in’ 1 the "first 'instance',! ;• theySmight'! haveTleft ■' hiim jtlie' monopoly, of, a,.true, recordpf,their,perform ances. Again) bh-3(3th.May, 1863/whilst at his .office, IJlckens .dreamed thatrhersawxa lady--, in a red shawl, whp.turned round.and- said, “I am Miss Napier.” On-the-same night came in \- certain acquaintances'with 1 iM lady in! the' red '.■Bha\yl,.yfhp..yaB presented as- J‘,Miss Really; 'Dickens nught have beeri l 'a medium) u ffie could only have’written' common-place stuff, when inspired by Socrates or Oliver Cromwell, only he was something very much better. Still, ■ there is a slight difficulty in regard to the ghost of Miss Napier’s red shawl. 