S: ?*«?'.? ;^w s*T*rf'-*w*^VirJ^ The law makes it imperative that a man shall support his wife and family as long as he is earning enough to do so ; and we have lately had a case before the public where, when a gentleman's attachment for his family ceased, and he had left them, the Supreme Court ordered that an attachment for all his available property, amounting to some £16,000, should commence, so that they might be secured in a decent income in his absence. The arrows of the blind god being blunted, and no longer able to pierce the bosom of this unnatural husband and father, the sword of the blind goddess was pressed into the service to pierce him in a more vulnerable,'' and, perhaps, tenderer part — his money-bags. It is, of course, quite right that men should support their families ; but I think there should bo some provision on the other side, and that children should . be compelled to pay in proportion to their means for the maintenance of their aged and helpless parents. People Bay that men should make provision in their youth for their old age, and bo, no doubt, they should ; but it must be remembered that the very fact of having a large family makes such a provident foresight all but impossible. Every additional child is a source of fresh expense, and ordinary incomes have not got anything like the expansive power that the family circle possesses. Nothing, then, can. be fairer than- throwing on the children, whose coming into the world was the principal cause of nothing being put by for a rainy day, the responsibility of making the provision themselves. I would suggest that each child should be considered legally indebted to the father, and that nothing but actual payment should cancel the obligation, in a sum equal to every penny the father expended on, it from birth to independence, with compound interest added to tho time of payment, calculated atfrom 5 to 10 per cent. This would not only bo fair and right, but would have the, effect of mutually endearing parents and children to ono another. The father would not, as how, weep, over his increasing family, and mourn over the household expenditure on beef, bread, and boots. Every penny ho spent lie would look upon as a sound commercial speculation that would pay him well by and bye ; and we may be sure he would not spare the best medical attendance when his prospective annuity was in danger. The children, too, would value their parents ever so much more if they found themselves indebted to them to the extent of several hundreds or thousands of pounds. The old people would not then bo bundled off to the Benevolent Asylum or the Immigrants' Home, but would have the best bedroom in the house, and the best corner by the fireside. The love and gratitude that in theory every child is supposed to feel for its parents would then be felt in practice, and children would love their parents for being forbearing, and be grateful to them in anticipation of the favours they expected yet to come. The fathers are the lawmakers, and have the thing in their own hands. . Why are some advertisements always headed with the mysterious words, ' A Card V Semi-professional people dentists, dancing masters, professors of calisthenics, and teachers of all the accomplishments, from wax flowers to the pianoforte — when they advertise think it correct to commence with 'A card,' though in no other, way is this advertisement different to those of persons who go on the ' No cards ' principle. I suppose the card is used by genteel people to take the vulgarity out of an advertisement, and make it different to the ordinary commercial statement which tradesmen and shopkeepers pay to have published. They probably think that an advertisement is low, but that there is no objection through the medium of the press in sending a card to the public, which they do in the earnest trust that none but genteel people will read it. As there must be some reason for the words, I suppose this ; but I am ready to at once withdraw it if. anyone can supply a, better. - ?'.'??' People who pay their tradespeople's accounts without checking them pay for a good deal of their neighbours' consumption. There is a Btory told of a. saddler, who, having sold a saddle and bridle without entering it to the purchaser's account, and resolving not to be a loser, sent out bills for it to ten of his regular customers, seven of whom responded by paying for it, and yet who found that the real purchaser had settled for it in cash when he bought it. Another story, for which I can vouch, was lately told to me : — Some one bought a cheese and had it sent home, and the grocer, like the saddler, simply remembered. the trans action, but forgot the name of the buyer. A gentleman who dealt at the' grocer's, and always paid cash for his supplies, was waited on by the collector with a bill for 35s. *'But I never had anything I didn't pay for,' was the indignant answer, 'and I know I never had a cheese.' ' Well, it's very singular,' said the collector in a burst of confidence, ' we've tried it 'on with seven other customers, and they all say the same thing.' But very likely in the end the cheese was paid for many times. There are a great .many people of a practical .turn of mind who object to spiritism, on the ground that they see no possible good in it ; that, even granting spirits can be brought into communication with us, they never tell us anything we didn't know before ; and that, for all practical purposes, mankind would be as well off without as with their company. I am not going to defend spiritism. At the risk of offending some of the unsubstantial beings who may be holering round my desk and endeavouring to guide my pen I have no hesitation in expressing my utter disbelief in them. Though it is midnight while I write, and the only sound audible in the house is the ticking of the clock on the mantelpiece and the scratching of my pen on the paper, no warning knock issues from the floor or table to startle me from my infidelity ; and if knocks were to commence all round me, I'd put it down to the rats, and continue my writing. But let us be just, and give the spirits their due. Real or imaginary, they have done some good. They have robbed the supernatural of its horrors, and made the idea of ghosts so supremely ridiculous that the weakest-minded persons need no longer be frightened of them. 'Those terrible beings that used to be the bugbear of our young days can now be caught, and tamed, and kept as drawingrooin pets by. any one who will invest a shilling or two in the purchase of a planchette. Our children will not be afraid of the dark, as their fathers and mothers were. The personal devil has been sent to himself. Ghosts aro the best fun in the world. We, never attempted to acclimatise fairies, banshees, or fetches, and the age of bogies is past. For the assistance spiritism has given in taking away the old terror from the memory of the dead let us be thankful. Talking of ghosts, a singular proposal was made to me some 20 years ago respecting tho manufacture of one. When the 'Author of Orion and other poems' was a commissioner of the gold-fields at Waranga, I rode him in a race he ran for 50 yards against the best runner that could bo found running double the distance, the stakes being a case of claret. We won, though the jockey turned the beam at 14st. ; and about 12 o'clock on the night of the race— the stakes having beon drunk — the poet came to my tent on the camp with a large sheet over his arm.. ' I've a capital idea,' said he. ' Mount me again, put this sheet over you, and I'll stroll with you down to the gold-office. I'd like to seethe effect that an overgrown ghost would produce on the Irish pensioner on guard !' I reflected for a moment, and remembering that the sentry was armed with a loaded musket, which ho might have sufficient courage to fire at the upper half of the ghost before fleeing, declined the proffered mount. Ghosts were not as common 20 years ago as now, and the Irish pensioner could hardly have been blamed if he tried the exorcism of gunpowder on a spirit of such ' power and bea\ity' ap proaching the trensuretent at the witching hour of night. For many years of my lifo I have been a constant and a heavy smoker. , I Bhow . my belief in the innocence of tho oustom by thus openly acknowledging myself to be addicted to it ; but-i only acknowledge it for the purpose of giving weight to tho statement I am about to make. As an old and experienced smoker, I desire to make known to abstainers from the soothing weed the singular fact that smoking is almost the only sensual pleasure that cannot be enjoyed in the dark. A man who shuts his eyes cannot tell whether the pipe in his mouth is alight or not, and smoking in a dark room would be equally vain if it were not for the red glow of the tobacco burning in the bowl, and the occa sional clouds by which its light is obscured. When the senses are tickled in other ways, it is rather pleasant to close the eyes and enjoy the sensation.' We can get this sweet fragrance of the rose' without beholding it ; the flavour of wine is none the worse because we cannot see the ' beaded bubbles winking at the brim.' We close our eyes when we want to drink into our very soiil the sweetest sounds of music or song'; and one kiss in the gloaming, or the soft black night, is worth to a lover a hundred under the garish light of the sun. But the companionable pipe shuns dark ness ; it loves the light because its ways are not evil ; it never leads us astray ; it never lets us shut our eyes and wander into harm when in its society ; it simply demands for the pleasure we derive from, it the compliment of keeping our eyes open, so that we may see, as well as feel, its benign influence. A rose .will yield its ' fragrance or a maiden her kisses without asking .to be looked at ; but the j ealous and exacting pipe ; sjveeter, and dearer than either insists on an undivided a . tention/ * I neither chew tobacco nor take snuff- myself, -but ' I would1 be obliged to any observant reader who does to inform me if those pleasures can be enjoyed in the absence of light. An. American gentleman who was once a neighbour of the ' late Siamese twins told hie of an amusing remark made about them by his Irish ?Beryant-girl.^r They; frequently went to hi8 house, and one day i he asked her if she did not think they /were very much alike ? ' ' They are so; like, sir,' Baid she, 'that anyone seeing them together might almost swear they were brothers !' He added that the girl looked as if she prided herself on her discernment. A saloon carriage on the suburban line offers a wide field for observation to the keen observer of the manners and customs of our species. Travelling in one lately, I was struck by the fact that about half the gentlemen in the carriage had their feet thrust out straight before them, while the other half had theirs tucked; under their seats as if shrinking from public view. I set myself to explore the meaning of this, and was not long in finding it out. Every foot in the centre of the carriage was. covered with a neatly made well-polished boot, or a shoe which left partly visible a clean white or prettily- striped sock ; and I 'noticed that the better the boot or shoe the morefrequently was the position of the foot changed, as if the' owner invited the attention of his fellow-travellers. I had some difficulty in observing how the' men who kept their feet under their seats were shod, but by patient watching at the different stations, as one after another got out, I found that in every case their boots were of an inferior description. The men with ill made shoes and soiled stockings, or with broken, unpolished, and disreputable- looking boots, hid their feet away as if ashamed of them, while those with good boots put them prominently forward, and appeared to consider themselves a different race of beings to their less favoured brethren. Neither then nor at subsequent trips did £ see a man with good boots hide them, or a man with bad ones put his out before the public. Everyone has noticed the fact thai the smaller a woman is the bigger is the man with whom she falls in love. I never heard anything like an explanation of this offered till the other day, when conversing with a pretty little girl for whom a nice little fellow of my acquaintance was going through the process known as 'breaking his heart.' I ventured a word or two in his favour. ' He is a very good fellow,' said I, ' and he worships the ground you stand on.' ' I don't believe in homoeopathy,' she answered, ' and I'd like my love in bigger doses than he could give. Such a globule of a man. sweet and harmless though he may be, could do me no good. It is well for mankind at large that some women don't appear to object to small doses as cures for their affections of the heart. If all the girls were to go for size, I hardly know whether the big or the little man would be the more deserving of pity. M. or N. 