TOPICS. No-Confidence Motion. — On Thurs day afternoon Mr. West-Erskine brought forward the motion of which he had ffiven notice the day previously : " That this House is dissatisfied with the pre sent Ministry." After Mr. Bright, who made a very feeble defence, had spoken, Mr. Ramsay moved, as an amendment : " That this House is dissatisfied with the conduct of the Commissioner of Public Works." This was seconded by Mr. Pearce. Up to the time of our going to Press the debate was still pro ceeding. We are not able, therefore, to state the result, but at the time of our leaving the House it appeared to us extremely probable that the amendment would be carried, in which case the Ministry will of course have to resign. Police Protection foe Norwood. — In announcing the fact, in our last issue that the poll taken in Norwood had shown a majority against the imposition of a rate for police protection, we made some comments upon the injudicious display of bitter feeling on the part of the victors in passing a vote of censure upon those who had demanded a poll. In our Open Column we now publish a letter, signed by "A Rate payer," who has furnished us with his name,' and is prepared to vouch for the accuracy of his statements. It is to be hoped that the publication of the facts which he relates will assist the public of Norwood and Kensington in forming a tolerably accurate idea of the unselfish patriotism which animated the bosoms of those Councillors who were opposed to police protection, and passed a vote of censure upon those who had endea vored to procure it. Councillors Taylor and Mattingly have such a tender regard for the pockets of the ratepayers that they could not entertain for a moment the idea of incurring an extra expendi ture of £20 per annum for police pro tection, but they could vote themselves a guinea each for their attendance -at the poll, and, in addition to that, spend £6 10s. of the ratepayers' money m refreshments. More than that, Coun cillor Mattingly proposes the appoint ment of eight special constables, to receive five guineas each on being sworn, and all that they can make out of fees, and modestly intimates that he would be happy to offer his own valuable ser vices on those terms. Really the mag nanimous proposal almost takes one's breath away ! But Crs. Taylor and Mattingly ought to know that any vote to a Councillor for services rendered by him in the capacity of a Councillor is illegal, and a misappropriation of the municipal funds. The German Schismatic Synod. — Says the Tablet of June 30th : — We are able to form an approximate estimate of the numbers of the " Old- Catholie," or New-Protestant sects in Germany from the figures put forth by the " First Synod " of the new denomination, which concluded its sittings the other day at Bonn. There were present at that conciliabuliim twenty-eight priests and fifty-seven lay delegates ; now, as one delegate is elected for every 200 mem bers of the sect, the proportion would give 11,400 as the total of its adherents. This is not a very imposing show of numerical importance to stand side by side with the twenty-four millions of real Catholics in the German Empire ; neither is it a very encouraging result to have accrued from four years of Governmental patronage and wire pulling, and the under-working of the Free-Masonic Societies. " Bishop " Reinkens of course presided at the " Synod," after having perpetrated the revalting profanation of celebrating the Mass of the Holy Ghost. The acts of the Synod consist partly in the affirma tion of doctrines that have never been denied, but always upheld, in the Catholic Church — such as the necessity of contrition to valid absolution ; partly of the reform of abuses that have never existed, and partly of the bold denial of Catholic verities, such as the obligation of confession and absolution, and the necessity of communion once a year, which no " Old- Catholic need make unless he feels he needs it. Frequent communion is recommended; but, shock ing to relate — without confession ! The "Jesuitical abuse" of confession, for purposes of spiritual instruction and direction, was condemned and forbidden. The. proceedings concluded by the read ing of a communication from Dr. Dol- linger, excusing himself from attendance on the score of ill-health. Scarcity of Food in Italy. — In many parts of Italy disturbances arising from the high price of provisions have been put down by armed force. Riots broke out at Brisigheila, Solarolo, Castel- Bolognese, Lugo, and Cotignola. The ring-leaders were arrested, and some of them brought to Ravenna to be imprisoned. The disturbances of Faenza lasted some days, and at one time threatened to be serious. The popu lace attributed the scarcity of provisions to certain rich merchants, and assaulted the corn- stores and bakeries, throwing stones at obnoxious individuals. The shops were shut for some days, anc. business was suspended. The authori ties, to calm the multitude, issued pro? clamations that a reduction would he made in the price of bread, and that the persons arrested would be set at liberty. These promises were not ful filled, and the auger of the mob increased. Rations of soup were then issued? but without satisfying the rioters. Ten thou- sand leaves daily of eight ounces each were then distributed gratuitously to the poor. The town of Faenza was patrolled by soldiers; and the liquor-shops, eating- houses, and hotels, were closed at an early hour each evening by order of the prefect. At Imola the bakers' shops were guarded by soldiers, and the crowds of women and workmen assem bled in the piazza were only dispersec. after two bayonet charges, It was feared the butchers in Rome would go on strike in consequence of a new burden laid on them by the Munici pality. The Municipality, to prevent the lucgnyeiiienco of leaving the city without beef, opened a store wbfl¥S ftl persons might purchase meat at the usual prices. It is, however, expectec. that in a few weeks butchers' meat will eost PUfi franc the Italian pound of eleveu owes? 