"LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. . odd notes "by- bantam's ghost. . To Ihe Editor of the Ealhu JIhrahL- ITcro wo arc again, nlirc and kicking, resuscitated aseomo folks would say, like Hamlet's father; who could not rest quietly because of some great real or fancied- wroTi'!. I should liko to know who could rest qqietly after reading your report of tbo Munich, pal Fiit hors' meeting.. Venornblo men, only wanting medals to mnko' them nntional curiositius,' and a catalogue to. unuouncc th.eir pedigree. How« you could writo that sarcasm about the oratory— I beg. your pardon, for sarcasm plcnso insert comniondii- .Mon— I cannot toll, but eoino day I quite expect to read' in largo' letters, " tho Editor in l|io pillory." Patrick is getting up again t don't ho talk? I specks ns how Udkiug is beneficial' to bis health-; but lie doesn't grow on it. Somo people think, that ho and- another or two in the Company will .never rest in their graves. Up comes a motion, and up starts Patrick, and Samuel follows,, and' no shooting will curb them; Tho starter doularcs ho never did see such. horses, as them two, they aro ontered-fbr every race, hurdles and all, .and to eeo tboin tumble overall tho fcncos, 'tis a caution. 1 liko tlicm, how ever, for shoy nro so moving ift their patriotic ten derness for llio'fcolings of others, and as for courage, why Dalby can't dispense with tbotn, be sure of. that. Whon tlicy giro n hint about moving, Dalby is done for ; it will norer prosper after that, never. The J. P. was hard when ho spoke ubout'kicking ; CouncUmcn don't- kick, they nroiv, tho J.P. with hi? profound legal attainments should have known that. The hours that he dovolcs to the study of somo kind of work, what constitutes a magistrate" or some thing like that, is most praiseworthy. Don't bo sur- firiecd when, nn advertisement I? sent into you, leaded, "A digest of Magisterial decisions, with com meals and critical notes by Cunningliam."Whcn it comes, from nil I have heard of it, it wilt make tho cars of mnlofactors tingle. Was not Jbilriok's pro posal about a bath house bcautifui? I mean logo und sco the Aldermen bathe. For fear that it may not appear in the order of tho day, I append n syl labus .'of 'proceedings. Meeting of the Council, lho Mayor presides— the Town Clerk puis on his wig and sweats— tho Aldermen begin to deliberate — it gets hot— Town Clerk tears off' his wig, throws it at tho reporter, hp Lugs it, and tho Council resume— "order of Council, open the windows, can't stand tho- neat— mo ii.r. rises ana proposes an adjournment to Black's— ho is quickly subdued, when up' jumps Futrick and throws out nn inuouilo, whereupon with nn 'awful cry of tho "Campbell's oro coming," out go the Aldermen in n i>ody and tbo bath-houso (ells tho rest. If that bath-house is built, oratory in'Dalhy will come down to Zero, and your reporter will get honro in good time. In my" opinion, now, a shower bath is tlio thing, and if any fAldcrmnn gets rowdy, in ho goes, pull tlio string, nnd he is quonched. They ought to vole mo a medal for tlmt suggestion. Ever so much bcUcr'thim "coino outside, and say that" ? nothing liko a shower bath to putn fellow into order. . I cull lhnt demand of Iho Government Printer a crying shame. Stump up says ho beforo I print Dalby. Only to thiux that he should bo dubious about Dulby being able to pay three guinea. If that isn't a cose for the Houso, I'll lie bnnquolted, which is n pain mid fennlty invented, specially for making liiiMiliiuf out. of you. 1 shouldn't be surprised if this doesn't turn out to ho tho overthrow of Mno and iii? company. L Shameful! that's what it is, and soine- body will have to talk about dying on the tloor of Lho House after tlmt. Three guineas t Send him down an old cow, und send it by way of Warwick which tho Major soys costs less than- to. scud, it direct. Bravo, a rnco of Solons presidu over railwaj busi ness. 