CRICKETING NOTES. Ry Square T.er. The excitement in cricketing circles which was at full pressure during the presence of the English cricketers has subsided with their departure, and we can sit down quietly to consider what prospective benefit our knights of the wil low will gain by the visit. Three matches altogether were played in the colony, the first resulting in a satisfactory victory for the eighteen, but Mr. W. G. Grace and his com panions scored ah easy win in Bathurst, and subsequently gave the combined team an unmitigated thrashing on the Albert Ground. The latter contest was, I am sorry to say, uiaiEeu ay a guou ueai or m-reeung amongst tne cricketers, and in consequence of the tactics adopted by the captain of the eleven in his reasonable desire to prevent a drawn match, the combined team went in for counter-movements. I cannot see where Grace was in fault, if he were simply \- working for the honour of winning the game, but the accepted fact that he had wagers on the result of the play irritated some of our men, and rendered them obstinate in their desire to make the match a drawn one, and so spoil the speculations of those who cared more for what they had on the result than for cricket itself. How to prevent betting on cricket is a nut very hard to crack, but I think something could be done to prevent the 'knights of the book and pencil' from making the game a means of speculation and profit to them selves. It . is stated, and I believe with ? some truth, that the leading bookmaker of Melbourne has an interest in the project which resulted in the visit of the English cricketers to Australia ; and what is the result? The play of Grace and his team is looked upon with the utmost distrust, and even when they score an easy victory the public think they have all the more reason for saying that previous performances, where they were less fortu nate, were not fair and aboveboard. The contamination of the turf through the presence of the betting fraternity, who cling to it like parasites, is one of the insurmountable obstacles which threaten to reduce horseracing to a ques tion of pounds, shillings, and pence ; and so it will be before long with cricket if the betting element once gets a footing. The remedy is with the public themselves, and if they decline to make wagers on cricket all doubt as to the bonajdes of a big match will be set at rest, and the book makers, baulked in their efforts, will have-to find more con genial soil to carry on operations. In Melbourne it was stated without much qualification that each of the English professional players received a very large money considera tion to sell the match, the only reason for such a startling assertion being that a Melbourne bookmaker had money on the event, and that the Englishmen were easily beaten. I think there is no foundation whatever for saying that the professionals were bribed ; but if the ' King of the Ring' as he is called in 'Victoria, and others who follow the same line of business, turn their attention to cricket, will be as much. uncertainty about a match as there fre quently is about a horse-raoe upon which the bookmakers have made a plunge. Coming back to the match which terminated last Saturday, I cannot too strongly condemn the conduct of the colonial team towards the dose of the ndch. finding that Graoe'egame wan to get his mop out in order that he might have ample opportunity to die- 7' H of the fifteen before 6 o'clock, the latter determin^'*' B frustrate such an intention, and the result was one of -t* ? most ridiculous displays that ever disgraced a crirt I ground. The communication made by the captain of ? eleven to Gilbert and Bush was the signal for the cn H meneement of loose play, and even Nat Thompson mf I whom I hoped better things, joined in the farce. Th I policy of the remaining portion of the English team wh I had yet to go in, was, of course, to go out again as speeds I as possible. Runs sufficient to win the match twice o ? I had gone to the credit of the team, and Grace knew that 1°'' I protracting his second innings he would render the chaun I of finishing the game very problematical Evident I acting upon this instruction, Gilbert and Bush commenrJ? I to hit out at everything, but Thompson and D. Greeor^ ? began to bowl off the wicket, and the field became suddenlT I inactive. By their manceuvering they managed to tPZ I the English wickets up until after the luncheon hour w I when the time came for commencing their second innino-o ? the combined team were evidently chuckling at thei I cuteness in putting everything in proper trim for a dr i/ I I should be acting unjustly were I to include the entire ? combined team in my strictures. The stupid game was I confined to five or six, and I am sorry to say that the maioritv I were New South Wales representatives. We were well ? ? punished for our folly, as the wickets fell in spite of the I efforts of the best players of the team, and very long faces I were pulled at twenty minutes to 6 o'clock when the last I man came to grief, and Grace and his men rushed joyfully I back to the pavilion, with the cheers of the public ringing I in their ears. It was somewhat amusing to listen to the I abuse the local team had to encounter subsequently for not ? succeeding in their had intention to obtain a drawn match I and I even heard it hinted that they were paid to lose as if I the fifteen would have had a ghost of a chance to scare a I win if the game had been played out. I was let into the I secret a couple of days afterwards, when my opinion was I asked about the play on Saturday. I mildly suggested I that playing for a drawn game was not cricket, upon which I my interrogator returned, ' But what if you had £40 0r I £50 on the result?' ThatwaB a poser, for I had never I been in such an unpleasant predicament, and could not I enter into his feelings. Cooper, Thompson, Gibson D I Gregory, Conway, and one or two others tried to keep their I wickets up, but fate and the English umpire were dead I against them, and the combined team were obliged to I accept defeat almost at a moment when the stumps were I considered safe until 6 o'clock. I hope this will be the last I occasion upon which we shall see such an exhibition on the I Albert Ground. After the somewhat scathing censure I passed upon the English team in Victoria, I have been I quietly observing their conduct here, and although I can- I not say that the 'champion of the world' and his I companions G. F. Grace, Bush, Gilbert, and Boult I bear the impress of 'nature's noblemen,' still I I have seen nothing to warrant the scurrilous I attacks which have been publicly made upon them I in various quarters. 'W. G.'s manners may not be all that I society may desire, but manners were not stipulated for I in the agreement made by him with the Melbourne pro- I motors. The team were engaged to play cricket, and if I the gentlemen and professional playeft chose to reverse I their respective social positions we have little to do with it. I I will, however, say this, that, as far as my experience I justifies me in expressing an opinion, Southerton and Lilly- I white were the most unassuming and gentlemanly members I of the All- England Eleven, and Greenwood also made I himself popular. One player who came out here under the I category of a gentleman stated before he left that he had I not met a gentleman in the colony, evidently showing that I the captain of the English Eleven made a mistake in send- I ing out the list of gentlemen and professionals. The I habits and customs of the individual referred to probably I precluded him from going into decent society, and the I gentlefolks were not afflicted with his presence. I should I not have mentioned this fact hut that it haB caused some I talk in cricketing circles, and a good deal of indignation. I has been expressed that, after the Sydney people had done I all they could to make the team comfortable, they should I have met with such a shabby return. However, the I Englishmen have left the colony, and with them goes the I last chance we are likely to have of witnessing the per- I formances of players from the mother country. Of the I cricketing ability of W. G. Grace and the majority of the I team there cannot be a doubt, and unless I am very much I mistaken they will turn the tables on the Victorians, and 1 prove that their first defeat was to be traced simply to want I of form. I A good deal of excitement was caused in town on 'Wed- 1 nesday night by a report which was circulated, that W. G. I Grace had been thrown from, a buggy and killed. This 1 morning, however, it appears that his brother has simply I caught a cold, which1 will preclude him from playing in the I match. The Victorians are- evidently getting all the I luck. I Now that the big events are over, I dare say the cricket- I ing community will be very glad to settle down to the club I matches. This afternoon I understand that the Alberta I and Newtowns will resume the match for the Challenge I Cup. 'When the game was' postponed, on Saturday, the I 7tih January, the game stood— Alberts, first innings, 144 ; I Newtown, four out for 63, so that the play on both 6ides I has been very closet and a good match is anticipated. I I hear that it is the intention of the professional players I of the English team to revisit Sydney upon the termination I of their engagement with the promoters of the All- England ? I matches, in order to take a benefit on -.the Albert Ground. I 1 have no doubt that, if they do come, the public will give - I them a hearty support. I The Scores of Greenwood and Jupp. — As we have ? H been appealed to in reference to the Bcores of the above H players in the match recently played in Sydney, and upon Hj which the PreBS and official scorers do not agree, we may H , state that all bets must be settled by the official score, . H which, although undoubtedly wrong, is the only authority H in determining wagers. , H The Torres Straits Mail Service. — Corcerning: H the Torres Straits mail service, the Straits Times observes : - H — ' The opening of the new line of steamers between Singa- H pore and the thriving colonies of Queensland and New H South Wales is an event of more than ordinary interest,. H even in this busy mart of commerce, and the results of the enterprise are looked forward to with confidence that it must prove of great benefit to the colonies at both ends of H the route, even though the first ventures may not secui en couraging. The pioneer vessel of the line, the Sunfoo, . H though an old acquaintance of the merchants here and in - H China, has undergone such transformation and improvement in Englapd as to be scarcely recognisable to those who H knew her. The vessel is able to accommodate a large H number of steerage passengers between decks, and will H doubtless at no distant day be largely availed of by Chinese passengers to the Australian colonies, some of which offer 1 H tempting inducements to settlers, which will not be lost H upon the enterprising . Chinaman when once a cheap and H direct means of communication is fairly opened to him. It H is, however, with the direct trade with India, Siam, and - H China, of which Singapore will necessarily be the centre, H that this place is more interested. Colonial produce of H almost every description will be- placed at our- H command; preserved meats and provisions, sugar,. H flour, hay, and perhaps,- live beef ' and mutton, will H doubtless ultimately be laid down here at much cheaper ? prices than those at which they are now obtainable, and possibly even a more valuable direct trade will spring up, ? of which Singapore must reap a share of the benefit. It is H of course, impossible to foresee what may be the ultimate ? result of the establishment of this line ; but we arc awaTe ? that it is under the direction of able, energetic, and per- H severing merchants, who will make every effort to establish H it on a sound basis, and therefore this first trip ? can by no means be regarded ? in the light of I a mere experiment. It is to be -remembered, how- ? ever, that until the steamers whioh are being ? especially built for the company have been placed on the- ? line, and time is given for the necessary local arrangement8 ? ? being carried out, the first twelvemonths' working of the ? line can hardly be expected to do full justice to its future ? efficiency. We do -not suppose the amount of correspon- I deuce hence will be very great 'at the outset, but the ? establishment of direct steam communication between a I commercial centre like Singapore and the colonies of I Queensland ttnd New South Wales, cannot fail ultimately ? to bring about a Ukge traffic, which In itself will necessitate' ? a large amount of mail matter.'' I 