. -ceNGREUATlONALlJNtON OF NEW I 4 SOUTH WALES. TUB meetings of tho ninth annual session of the Congre Ilonal Union of Now South Wales havo boen hold ¡Kg th» week, in tho Pitt-stroot Congregational school .Mom and church. ^^ ' On Mondoy ovoning a devotional mooting waa hold. Thnlfcv J. >'. Sunderland (tho retiring chairman of the Ttainiri Mcsided. 'lhere was a numerous attendance ?rho cnaitmsn addressed tho mootin« on " The duty of rlmeliuM lo discern tho aignn of tho timos. uu . T'UKsruY. Tho ministers and delegates mot for tho transaction of "."«.ral Lutiuess in connection with the Uuion, at 3 o'clock, f'.nvcr having been ollored by the Rev. M. Williams, B. A., ihallev J. P. Sunderland retired from the chair ia favour of tho Hw. J. Graham, who had been olocted chairmm for ^On^mouVti of tho Rov. T. S. FOUSAITH, soconded by the liov T. JOHNSON, it was rosolvod,-" That tho Bineoro thstiliB of this stecmt ly bo given to the Rov. J. P. Sunder- land für the services rendered during tho past year." Th» following vvoro received as personal memborfl of tho Tinta "-ltev. J. A. Dowio, Rev. W. J. Web.-ter, Rev. R. Boners' The Eov. J.' P. Sunderland thon introduced tho Rev ii. Willúms as pastor of the Petersham Church. Mr BAKDOD'H NOTT called over tho roll of members, and the following wero found to bo in attendance: - »limiter« -Rev. W. Bradley, Watoiloo ; Rev. G. Charter, Awong: MOY. J. G. Cullen, North Shore; Rev. . J G 1'inttr. M.A., Point Piper Road, Woollahra ; Rov. VI ¿mimili,' C'ltmpbolllown ; Rov. T. S. Forsaith, Pnrra .na'ita- Rev John Graham, Pitt-street; Rev. G. G. HoÄ,Burwood ; Kov. «. T. Hills, Maitland; Rov. T. Johnson, fiouiRo-strcot ; Rev. J. P. Sunderland ; Rov. (J l'ituion ' liov. J. 0. Kirby, Ocean-atroat, Woollahra ; Rev V. Mathison, Bon,, Ulladulla; Rov. W. Mathison, iun.,' Miine.ville ; Rov. T. f Poppor, Nowoastlo ; Kcv S. Ü. Rothwell, Balmain; Rov. W. Blatyor, ' Erdfern; Kcv. J. Trevor, Gulgong; Kov. M. Williams, U'a. Poloithurn ; Rov. W. J. YVobstur, Lambton; BCV.'E. Houison ; Rev. C. Hordio, Rev. J. Trovor. Dtlegales.-I'llt-streot Church-; Rov. R. fiegors, Mossrs. John Fairfir?, Joseph Thompson, S. W. Jones, R. G. KcneuEg. Dr. P. S. JonoB, Messrs. J. G. Gatley, Arthur .Hunt, Hen. Georgo A. Lloyd, Messrs. L. Moses, A. Bal- buna. G. Baker, G. Durham, Chas. Miles. Redfern Church: Nessrs. E. Pritchard, F, Hobbs, B. Morris. Kimloun : MeiBrs. M. Harrison, D. Honry, J. Perry, A. Bruce. Bouike-street : Messrs. E. Arnold, W. S. lWa colt U. Vf. Carpontcr, T. Gully, J. J. Salier, William Hill'. Woollahra, PointPiperRoad: Messrs. S.Thompson, R, Nott, S. Goold, Georgo Hardie Woollahra, Ocoan ttitct: Mc'srs. William'Wailes, J. Walton, John Price. Balmain : Meefrs. Josinh Mullens, A. Milno, E. Bolus, Pcterfham: Mr. S. H. Lewis; Burwood: Mosirs. E. T. Pinfold, F. L. Kdwards, D. Aldorton ; Waterloo : Messrs. William DoitK, S. J. Foekott, S. Griffiths, Robert Gray, ?Willium Sawyer, A. Torning; North Shoro: MoaBra. A. ¿tow, J. J. Slade; Glebo: MesHrs. J. Stevenson, J. H. Scnmcr; I'nrranintta: Mr. J. Jj. Brown; Wollongong: Mr. W. Spence; Campbelltown: Messrs. James Doolong, Jehn Kidd; Windsor: Mossrs. Charles Westell, S. T. . Greenwell ; Newcastle : Mr. J. D. Hancox ; West Mait lund: Wr. G. Mooro; Bathurst: Mr. S. Hague Smith ; Banter's Hill : Mr. A. Beckenham. Tho Rev. G. G. HOWDEN read tho following report : " Tint NINTH ANNUAL Rxrour OP TIIK CONORKOATIONAT. UNIOH, NVW BOOTH WALU, OCTOHICR, IH74. . »In the providence of God we in« permuted toencor this day ern iho nintn annual teuton of our Union. Your mmimittcc, in once fgain prceentlng their repert, would encourage thanlthiliics» «ndtOLfidncc. There havo ticca tlmesot anxiety and denrl«n amongst uf, but theo have, inaitreat moasure, given pUcn to Íroiptrltj »ed activity ; and as w11 review the naines and num ciscf iheiosjipuinicd to attend theso meetings, vee especially retofiiim Iho goodners of God In giving oar denomination clio «luniith »id influence it at present enjoys. " Since tee lost assembled hoi o one death and several chango) have iahen place amongst tho mintfters nceustomed to meet with tia. On liecimhcr 11, 1873, tbo ltev. John VVent passed aw.iy from our midft. How he nobly fought for what ho couoclvcd to lie 'the light'; how deep his IntorcKt in oumevoral institutions; how valuable lils tervlccs In paat years tojoungand paatorless churches ; and how Christian his regard for us us mon In our in- dividual i [ihn CB, is well known io you all. "The lui owing changes in our ruinltterlal ranks during iho jctr may ho briefly, noted. Early ia tho year the Rov. f. II. Browne left Fcteisbam for Ipswich, Queensland; his place baa been filled by tho Rev. Morgan Willum*, U.A., from ¡¿»purni i, torn h Austral!». Tho Kcv. U. Mossop hua tuft Newtown for Qwcnihr.d. The K«v. J. F. Cullen has removed (rom Windsor to North Shoro, and the ltev. A. Lloyd has left the Ulebc and is al present in Bom li Austialln. The liov. W. J. Webster, of Eiccon Collette, has taken tho oversight of tho Wolsh churches near Newcastle, and the Rd. R. Rogers has aooopted nn invita- tion to luke the oversight of mlseion stations of I'ltt-otrcut Church, and inotbor ways aid the pit-tor. " At our lan session tho Assembly especially delegated to the Committee or the Union tho following ma'tcra : " The publication of a Year book for So .» South Wales. "The establishment of a Church and School Loan and Bnlltllnj; Fund. " Ahn the ceiablishincnt of a Retiring Fund for Ministers, "And tho subject of tbo sale of cert?,n o( the Church and Echcol Lund«, with instructions to take immediate action to bring the matter before the Legislative Assembly. "Yonr cocattittee now present the following ropor: : "At a meeting of the committco held soon after the Annual Anrmbly, the liov. J. I*. Sunderland was unanimously appointed to tait the proposed year hool. Mr. Sunderland kindly consonted, aid M ith considerable caro and effort published tbo work in the appointed time. lVltculars as to tho oostof publication, and lumber issued, with suggestions as to further efforts, will bo made by Mr. Sunderland himGclt*. Your committco wou'd talco this opportunity of expressing their íen60 ol Mr. Sunderland'» IritdncFS in so readily and cllluicntly undertaking this important ted citticult task, and havo muoh pleasure in stating that at their nnimmous request he bus consented to undertake tho editorship for Ibu coming joar. " Your committee appointed Me«srs. J. Fairfax, R. Nott, and £, T, Pcnlold, to be aseociatod with tho Rev«. J. F Sunderland, 'f. Johnson, and 1.0. FraBcr, M.A., aa a board for tho purgase of putting In working ordor the Now South W'ulea Churcii and school Loan Building Fund, One ol' ihc members of this board .vlll Rive further leport on this subject. "lnuspccl to the Retiring Funii for Ministers, tho oommitteo . appointed at your meeting la-t ) ear, in compliance with sour lcstiuctions, druw up a scheme for the establishment of this fund, and lobraiMed it to tbo committco of tho Union. Tho rules were slightly ¡«mended, and in their amended form woro fully adopted as tho rules of tho fund, copies being printed and circulated amongst the churches. Nearly the whole of tho amounts pro nlicd last year have been paid to tho treasurer ol' the fund, and an audited statement har, been presented to the contributors. Tho subject will be iurthcr brought bcioro you by Mr. J. Mullens. "A deputation consisting of tho Rev. Í. P. Snndorland, tho chahman of the Congieientional Union ; the Kov. W. Slntyer, and ti« lio .T. Johnson, waa appointed to confer with tho IHptisi Union on-tue-cmestlon of tbo sale of certain of tho Church and «chool lands, and tho distribution of Iho proceeds amongst four ol the denominations, contrary to the spirit of tho settlement of the Statc-ald question. 'J'titn deputation reported, in nue time, that a meeting had been held wita a deputation from tbo B-i|ut*c Union, and the ltev. J. Greenwood, M.A., had consented to oullcct the necessary information on the nutter, and lay it before tho united committees ot the two Unions. This was dono.in Juno last, the paper read containing an elaborate and cuetu'.iy pre- pared history of tho whole matter. ' Mr. Greenwood was then requested to rccui e, if possible, tho publication of bia paporin the Sjiinciy ¡lamina Herald. It waa not thonght we 1 to uko any action beyond this, at that time-but your committco havo unanimously recommended that Mr. Greenwood's paper be in- serted in our year book for 1875. " The only other matter of importanoo on which j-nar com- mittee would report, is that in August last, your chalrio'vn-oleot, tbo Rev. D, Moeeup, sent in his resignation, and your committee ^cro compelled, though with groat reluctance, to accopc it. JJappily, much trouble and anxiety were aavod,tby tho ltev. J. Graham piomptly and kindly consenting, at the ooiumit.co's leanest, to fill ttie vacant post. /' '? Your committee Coso their report with tho earnest prayor that the Divine blessing may so attend your dolibora'.lons, that trno Christian harmony, quickened, zeal, and wiso action, m >y accompany and follow thom, and that we, as part of tho grou army of iho Lord of Hosts, may ho found faithful in discharging tro duties committed to us ia our day, ftnd ia ihw our land." . i Mr. K. G. RT.ADINO, honorary treasurer, preaonted his financial repert. Tho liev. S. V. ROTHWELL moved, ,tlie Rev. W. MATHISON seconded, and it was unanimously resolved, That Iho reports nuw read bb adopted." The assembly then piocoedod to tho oleotion of the calcera acd committco by ballot. Tho following wore elected ¡-Chairman, tho liov. S. TJ. Rothwell ; neoretarios, ¡ho Kcv. G. G. Howden nnd Mr. Randolph Nott ; »«»wer. Mr. R. G. Reading ; oommittoo, Rev. W. £>Ir.tjcr, Rev. T.Johnson, Kov. J. P. Sunderland, Uov. J. G. Tram, M.A., Rev. S. Ü. Rothwell, Messrs. John I"nxV JoBCPn Thompson, J. Mullens." Tbo Kov. J. P. Scr.vinuiLAN'D reported that 1000 copies of the Y ear Book had been printed, and all sold. Ho also reported as to the building fund. Mr. J. MULI.EXS reported on the ministers' retiring Mr. JOHN JTAIMAX moved,-" That it is very desirable» sod necessary that our ohurcheB contributo moro generally IA ¡í"ally ?vorY year to tho support of Camdon College; »na that EBUitablo. library-room be ereoted to receive tho booka already contributed by tho English Church us tho miclaiis of a college library." . Tbo motion was seconded by the Ëov. T. JOHNSON, and cornell unanimously. . In the evening, nt half-past 7 o'dook, a well attended »toting was held in the ohnrch, when the Rev. John ürolinni delivered his address. It was listened to with Stout interest, the rev. gentlemun boing ropoatedly and foííóvTB--.Bpp ca dur'ms its dslivery- II W8S M CURRENTS AND COUNTER-CURRENTS OF THE AGE ; REMARKS ON UNION, SACERDOTALISM, INFIDELITY, AND RELIGIOUS REVIVAL. wMy dc"ILFr¡cnds,-Tho respected brother who was to S »'«idea at these, meolings and delivered thoolmir tr»Sl. w Ï clhis 6VeniDe k»"ng suddonly decided to .K Í1B lBbours ,0 nU(>tcor colony, I havo been, on n«v.d?i-ICeiifq,ie8tld <0 tak0 Ws Phc0' I would fain nave declined the honour, hut as I could uot do so without *n A. n0nvcniCIlce t0 ,no brethren, und possible detriment w cm Lnion, I thought it better to comply and throw Silriv? >our, forbearance, and beg tho judgment of cuan y tor an ntjdre'B too hastily prepared to bo worthy of SlT* °? »he TJmon on certiin aspects of the times Qirec ly nfltcting fhe Churches in the British Isles, and »TJiJ?t!;8!.,nur0 and moro oa our attention hero. My rnPB?lJiS r .?°'^ndtho creat Ptivilegoof attending tho 2^iCf ^o Congregational Union in Ipswich this thfa subiecTt?m° ' BUee fhcrnnni«"°CCînofniia(]'aBweU'tB în tha natural ocean, Mt ««ut8 * currents and counter-currents that, though stand \1'AX0 ln08t Eowtrful ; and whoever would under stand the dangers and duties of his age should try to under stand their direction and force Nowhere can their tend where else have they such free scope and intense activity, Let me speak of these great moral forces of our age under the heads of Union,Ritualism, Rationalism, and Spiritual Revival. I shall try to speak the truth to love, and must i trust to my auditors for a charitable interpretation as well of my motives as of my performance " Christian Union is n felt necessity and tendency of our times , but many and great obstacles appear to ro move its realization to an indefinito distance " Ona of the greatest of theo obstacles IB a false ex- aggerated idea ot tho nature of Christian Union It is supposed by many to consist m identity of cresd and uniformity of Church govornment and worship This untrue idea of the unity of tho Church has been a pretext for ages of disastrous tyranny and is still one of tbo most fruitful causes of schism. It has blotted tho annals of tho Church with futile and sanguinary persecutions, and given infidelity its most effective weapons against tho Christian cause. Unity in diversity is God's great idea all through nature Great unitary types, varied by class, order genus, and species, run through all tho works of tho Creator and illustrate His boundless resource So it is in the natural history of man We believe in tho unity of tho origin and nature of man, but that unity admits vast variety adapted to all climes and circumstances ovir tbe whole earth. Truth, though liko tho ocean one, is boundless, und our limited faculties eau ouh como to tho knowledge of it hy slow decrees and pirtial glimpses We may therefore expect variety of opinions, beliefs, and con- fessions of faith And while tho great fundamental truths of Christianity are clearly enough revealed for all practical purposes, men's apprehension of them and insight into them, as well as their expression of them, must ever vary in our present imperfect state according to capacity, train- ing, earnestness, and other inevitable conditions Where God has thus left us to freedom and variety, it is impious and tyrannous for man to compel to a stereotyped uni formity. " Where there is activity of tho religious consciousness on tho facts and truths of the Bible and human life there will be variety of belief, and it is wrong to confound identity with unity Variety of view and circumstance will lead to variety in ecclesiastical government and worship And though thero are, and will be high-churchmen, jure-divino men, in all tho three great forms of church government-episcopicy, presbytery, und independency, )et moderato men, whilo consejentiouslv valuing their own adopted form, will bo very ohantablo au their judg- ment of itllow Christians who adopt a different ono In nil Protestant Churches there isa oro »rcssivo mtcrmtngling of all threo types of govcrnrnmt tv« ii the highest Kpis c i lilians i ro moro practically ai knowledg ng tho indopon dtucy of individual pastors and Churches, and Indopen dcntB have their liimtod t-yuoda and temporary bishops in ' onaiegational Unions presidents, and ohairmon " We iconorinson to niter our belief that apostoho ordina- tions to tho ministerial ofllco wore by tho Hying on of tho hands of the associated elders or pr abyterv ( lim iv , 14), and by 'the putting on of tho hinds' of tho ohiof eldor presiding Mpnmtts tntcr parti (2 fim , i G ) Wo bolievo this to be tho Scriptural way, ind by far tbo loist si bject to abuse But if Churchos and oldera ordun through one elected elder or bishop, whilo wo think it the ICSB excellent way, wo fully boliovo they miy be exoollont Christian peopli, and their persons and services acooptablo to God, who lookoth to tho heart Wo beliovo that tho apostolicnlly.planted Churchos wore in doep «ympa'hy vvith and helpful to each othor, but each one wis a solt govcrncrt society, and in Ha spiritual all ura independent of (Virj other-just as families ma) form a community or nation, and be ver) social and helpful, but yet bo m their own home itid iilfurH inch pendent and free Had the Churches cc nlintud so, the towering despotism of tho Papacy never could have been developed in imitation of the ' political Roman Empire " But if Churches choose to surrender any portion of individual liberty for prelitic or connexional notion, they are free to do so, and may still maintain ' tho unity of the spirit in tho bond of peace Various Churches are now in spirit and action working out tho demonstration of various principles No one monopolises all good or evil and, while some are nearer to the scriptural standard than others, tho Church of tho Millennium, wo believe, will not exactly correspond to any of them, but will be selective of the good, while it shall elimiuate tho evil of each But even then iho ruling principle will not be uniformity but the charity that permits and rejoices m innocent variety, and binds all to God and c ich othor in tho b mds of a generous love that seeks tho happiness of nil Unity is not and never can be uniformity of creed or ritual Uniformity has been tho curso and stagnatian of society or churches wherever it has prevailted its tendencies are towards the despotism of the priesthood and the oppression of tho people—to crush thought and life to a dead level The free play of nature undulates tho landscape and makes vegetation burst into endless forms Uniformity would roll tho landscape flat and clip the trees into model shapes The greatest praise of our Puritanism is that it saved tho religious life of England from religious uniformity , and one of the greatest blessings to tho Church of England now would be the repeal of its antiquated act of uniformity which is only powerful to beget and continue hypocrisy and schism, and to keep out of tho Church those who are now its antagonists, but might be it staunchest friends " The true Scriptural unity of tho Church is found in n living union by faith and love to its Glorified Head, developed in love to iho brethren and activity m seeking and saving the unsaved " Loyalty, lovi, lilt-theso are tho elementa of the union we di=idcrnto 'tt ben those rou,n and glaw in Christian hearts thero will ho tho doath and burial of all tho bro id of schismatic human nature-of bigotry, envy, jealousy, exclusiveness, rivalry, and censoriousness 'Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah will not vex Ephraim ' Interchange ot recognitions, servaos, and sympathies will thoa not 1 u tho exception hut tho rule 1 ha whole Church will bL an army actuated by on« spirit, though moving to victory aa Israel did under tho standards of various triIes " The benefits of that union would bo manifold and most precious It would lill nil true hearts with high oxpansive joy It would do away with the present fearful wists nd irritating rivalry of sects It would com bine and give power. It would be tint onauess of spirit and action on which the Lord Josus shows tho conversion of tho world to depend For this unity, loving hearta aro everywhere yearmnir, and tho noblest spirits in all Churches are planning and pmjiiig ' But is it near ?* We cannot tell what a day may bring forth m tfcèaç ínteusp time.« when chango treads on chsnge, and wonder follows woi di i so fast Ths thing itself is coi tom, however deferrod uiav bo tho consummation ' Ho will hasten it m His time, to whom i tho isaad yeara aro as one day,' though to us the golden f,e of Christian union I seems very long in coming, whilo om hosrts oro sad over the divided state of Christendom I conto is mv heart was very sod during my late visit to EngHnd ovei tho prospacts of Christian umen more distant apparently now than when, in tho earl) days of mv ministr), tho Evangelic ii Alliance vtasforniid I do not now apeak of the union of tho Latin and Greek Churches, both so groat, BO proud, I and so bitterly branding each other as sohiarnatic-» | 1 speak of the Protestant Communions of England The non established Evangelical Communions of Great Brit un have real jnd growing union with each other 1 heir best men exchange pulpits, intermingle in fellowship work and advocacy very freely, und recognise eich other as brothron, und each other s communions ae accoptoi 8°ctions of tho ono Holy, Catholic, and Apo tolic Church of Chi ist Of tho Church of England, tub greatest of all denominations m social status loaming, and number*, I have not ntuch encouraging to Bay IIB to Christian union cither in itself or in relation to other communions Tho sects within the Anglican Church are now more at war with each other than with Roman Catholics or Dissenters "I would, howovor, only notice tho prospect of union , between tho Church of Lowland and ourselves I fen it | ia far off, and muet bo preceded hy great ecclesiastical changes, and possibly by years of controversy, except au exlraoidinary work of Gods spirit fuse donn diileronoos und miif-o us one on tho plane of a higher Christian lifo Wo h iyo much in common with the great evangelic ii sec- tion of tho Episcopal Church, both as to evangelical belief, worship, and Christian work There is, however, ono thing of fearful power that stands between them and us-the establishment of the Church with its State pay and parlia uientary control Tho status and control are inevitable consequents of tho pay, and against tho wholo thin.» wa take objection on grounds of Scripture, reason, and history " Thoy which wait nt the altar aro partakers of tho altar ' Even BO hath tho Lord ordained, that thoy which pre ich the gor pel should liv oof tho gospel,* I Cor ix 13,11 lins is tho asseition of tho great apostle, who had his gospel not of man, but by rovclation diroot from Chris . Jaw it it ho tho f rdinanco of tho Lord thut tho pioiLhinb and worship of the gospel should be sustiined by tho a who uro partakers of tho gospel, then wo as assuredly , e'peet disastrous consequences to How fiom tho bra »eh of j '.bat ordinance as from the breach of any other ordimucj of God History ehows, existing facts in eva y country wheic tho Church has been established by the St ita sho v, that evils disastrous to humble earnest spiritual religion (low from this ndultoious connection In this country 6U h connection has ki mínate], to the goat advantage ot r li gion, iud the piotpect of closer Christian union In Eu - land our Churches i nd our foioniost men havo still to pro test against that establishment of a sect, which does violent o to their feeln "a of justice na Englishmen, uud lo their convictions UB Christians Their former labours holpod to confer on Irclind tbo blessing of a free Churoh and the) uro not the men to ocaso till English Christi ins aro bliesed with tho samo boon But much controversy and acerbated feoling must precede, we apprehend, that day of justice and liberty, exept God in some unexpected way shall take it into bis own hand Even when the fact of establishment ceases, as it has done in Ireland, it will require long time and much Chritti in feeling to oblite rat* the lingering pi j dices habits, and effects of tho unscnp tural union of Church and State. Till this consummation is reached I do not expect u close union on a larga soalo between othoi evangelical Christians and thoso of tho Episcopal Church of England ' Added to this causo ot division is another which operates still more deeply and which, ever since the Tractarian movement in Oxford, some thirty years ago, haa been growing in force, till now it makes the broach almost na vudo between a largo section ot tho Church of England and Evangelical Dissenters as between the latter and tho Church of Rome I, of course, refer to that development known as Ritualism, but which is more properly Sacerdotalism The Primo Minister of Eneland lately spoke of it as ' a mysterious dis- turbance,' and expressed the purpose of the Government to use tho power of the Legislature to keep it oi put it down To the author of ' Lothair ' I do not see how tho Sacerdotal movement can be so mysterious, though confessedly dis- turbing It is mainly tho offspring of that pride and am- bition which built up an exclusive priestly caste in Egypt and India, and nearly all other countries, which operated in priests and scribes to tho rejection ot tho Prophet of Galilee, which was acting even in Paul's day as ' a mystery of iniquity,' a hidden power of evil, withholdon by temporary cansos which have since been released and developed in the priesthood and persecutions of tua middle ages This proud subtle desire of dominating all minds to its power is the mightiest force perhaps in human breasts It is that which will endure most self-denial, as sume most airs of sanctity, and.if needs be, construct tho most torturing racks, and kindle tho hottest inquisitorial fires Let it but make itself tho vicegerent of God and rule over the souls of men, and it will pay any neoded cost It is after all a perverted and unwise nmbition , for it is far nobler to stimulate tho development of minds in intelligence, freedom, and likeness to God, than to secure tho admiration and obedience of souls from whom tho key of knowledge and tho Christian birth- right of self-government have been taken away It is not only nobler but safer as tho histories of France, Italy, and Spain testify That combination of prido, vanity, ambition, self-righteousness, and mysticism which was embodied m tho priesthoods of tho past has not lost its vitality yet It is as truly, though not as openly, active in modified forms in the nineteenth century as it was in medieval ages When tho Tractarian movement commenced in Oxford, its authors belhoved tho disestablishment of the Church was approaching, and ihoy southt to shift their claims to suprenaey from political to ecclesastical grounds-they sought to substitute sacor dotalism for an establishment, if tho latter must pass away They have succecded but too well. That many ritualistic clergymen have a spirit of sincre dovotion and self denial I do not doubt Many think that by a rncher ecclesiastical costumo and ritual they will more effectually scize tho sesnies, and imoress the mind with religious truth through tho imagination To this tho reply is easy and ample -'The most complex and gorgeous symbolism, and one divinely prescribed, failed to make the Pharisees and priests and Jewish people spiritual worshippers Tho Epistle to tho Hebrews shows that all that symbolism and all other was to melt away before the manifestation of God in Christ The Apostles of Jesus Christ believed that it was by what the world thought ' the foolishness of preach- ing ' God was pleased to save thom that believe, and not ty symbolism, which is an obscuring veil, rather than a mirror, to 'the truth as it is in Jesus' They 'used great plainness of speech,' and taught that ' faith came by hearing, and hearing by tho word of God ' Symbolism aided the childhood of the Church To re lLtrcdi co it ia to fetter manhood by olothing it in tho garments of the child And in very fact and truth wo find that tho peoples and Churches that have been habituated to tho show and splendour of tho Roman ritual are among the spiritually weakest and most backward that hoar tho Christian name They wonder and adore in presence of tho splendid drama of tho Mass and have their senses, fancy, and veneration steeped in tho sentiments inspired by music, architecture, painting, and splendid priestly dress, rank and ornament, but the religious judgment and conscience are meagrely developed and scantily furnished, and by the shock of revolutionary passions, or the sap of infidelity, their religious sentiment is often swept away 'The demonstration of tho truth to every man's conscience' was tho apostolic plan of ministration, was that revived by the Protestant Reformation, and that which, if tho slowest, is the surest method of saving the souls of men Jesus said to thoso Jews who believed on him, 'If ye continue m my word, then are ye my disciples indeed, and ye shall know tho truth, and tho truth shall make you free ' Jjhn vin ¿I, 32 Men who do not use the right and duty of reading the word of God and judging for themselves may have an appearance of unity, but it is a negative unity and not that of the Spirit, and they are ever at tho mercy of those to whom they have surrendered tho control of conscience. This is precisely tho effect produced in Roman Catholic countries , and it is tho designed effect, we fear, of tho most active spirits of tho Ritualistic party in England Their doctrine of exclusive apostolic succession and tho grace of orders, of baptismal regeneration, of tho real presence in tho elements consecrated by the priest, of the power of priestly absolu- tion and confession, of tho evil of private judgment except under the supervision of tho priest—these and cognate doc- trines elevate tho clergy to a supernatural power and sanctity, and make tho Church tho empress of conscience and arbitress of destiny Some think the incense, the dress, the gestures and peculiarities of Ritualism, have more of a vain ecclesiastical dandyism than of arrogant priestism m them Those who see deepest into tho spirit and results of Ritualism have a truer and much sadder view. They more truly see that those are tho streamers that show how certain winds of doctrme aro bearing the ritualistic Churches towards Rome they see with deepest sorrow that the ritualtstic revival is really exalting tho priest class at the expense of ' the royal priesthood of all Christians, and putting tho Church and sacraments in place of Jesus Christ, by direct faith in whom wo aro justified, and by fellowship with whom we are relieved from tho beclouding distracting intervention of human mediatorships. Tho great Protestant Reforma- tion, by giving into each believer's hand tho plain direct word of God, made him free of all oppressive human authority, and struck down all exacting turnpikes and receipts of custom from tho king's highway to heaven Ritualism would re-erect these human gates and hold the keys-not of that preached Gospel by which Peter opened the kingdom of God to low and Gentile — in her own fallible priestly hands In fact Ritualism condemns the Reformation as a schism, de- nounces Protestantism and individual judgment, and has sloped the way to Rome for many of tho Anglican clergy, nobility, and people. It is at present tho one great ageucy to unprotestantise England, and is tho most successful reciuiting power in Europe for the Pope Now we are not among those who dislike Roman Catholicism through tradition, or hate the mere name of Popery, but we dread its priestly power over human souls, and believe it the enemy of spiritual manhood. And we confess to deep sorrow at sight of tho rapid spread within the Established Church of England of a system whose spiritual tendency and consistent goal is Rome We should deeply deplore ever to see London copy the priestism and Mariolatry of that Rome we lately visited. Italy and Austria are trying to retrace their steps to liberty , and their battle u difficult and tedious, and the result not yet clearly foreseen It would be sad if England, the leader of tho world a liberties, should herself be again under the yoke of bondage. This the Ritualist party are trying to do, by building up a sacerdotalism which would mako the priesthood lord of conscience. Ritualism, as we have said, has been called ' a mysterious disturbance ' Mr Disraeli would fain suppress its widely agitating power, I found the conviction gaining ground rapidly m England, both among Evangelical church- men and Dissenters, that until there is an ex- purgation of the old leaves of sacerdotalism left m tho offices of the Prayer Book and in the rubrics all legal efforts to extinguish Ritualism will fail and be ever suceeded by fresh crops from tho a roots of bitterness Let no one suppose I speak m a spirit of hostility to tho Church ot England or the Book of Common Prayer My conscience bears me witness that 1 have no sectarian rancour in what I say, and that I am most jealous not to wound the cause of union and brotherly love I honestly believo Roman Catholicism to be deleterious to peoples and countries, and I as honestly believe the Church of England is being used to lead multitudes to Romanism With, equal sincerity 1 believe tho greatest power of Ritualism, its magazine of weapons and citadel of defence, is found in certain teachings of tho offices of the Book of Common Prayer, that are inoculating tho minds of clergy and people with tho spores of a baneful schismatic sacerdotalism. I do not, of eourío, speak of tho Articles of Religion und the Liturgy ind Homilies, which, if i ot imposed by human authouty, many of our Churches might, mwholooi pirt, adopt But it is our solemn cony iction that ni my things in Ino offices of Ordination, Baptism, tho Lords Suppu, and Absolution aro unscpplun 1 couipionuses, and in their natural interpretation i re tbo kc, il íefuges of doctrinen and pruetices contrary to tho tiulh of God and tho spititaul liberties of His people. I know that Evangelical Church men may they can interpret those in harmony with Protest- ant doctrine, so as not to offend their consciences by sub- scription to them, The question with us, however, is not how men can interpret them, but what is their natural inter - pretalion according to tho ordinary laws of language, and how do the people interpret them, and how do the enemies of Protestantism interpret them, and how do tho highest tribunuls of tho country interpret some of them ? Let the quotations of tho Ritualists, tho belief of their followers, and the judgment of tho Committee of tho Privy Council m tho Bennet case bo tho practical reply. " Look at some of the Ritualist's arguments, and, with an honest belief m tho offices and rubrics which he subscribes is it easy for an Evangelical to refute them ? He says, ' 1 believe in tho grace of orders,-that I have apostolic succession and authority to do supernatural acts that other Chriustan men cannot do, and that are needful to salvation My ordination as a priest enables me to be the instrument of baptismal regeneration to children, of consecrating and chunking tho sacramental bread and wine into tho and holy body and blood of the Lord, and thus of uro senting a bloodless sacrifice on the altar for tho living, and if needs be for the dead. By vnrtue of inv orders and oihco us priest I can receive confession and absolve from MU , and I have a sacredness which renders my ecclelsias real actions sacramentally efficacious For any unordained man, or unprelatically ordained minister, to pioneh, b ip iizo, &.c ,is arrogance and schism- I sin like unto that ot Korah, Dathan, and Abiram These things I shall not orgue with you from the Word of God. which is not a matter of private judgment but is for tho Church to determine. Here is her authority When she ordained me to priest's orders, she said through, the Bishop, '' Receive the Boly Ghost for tho office and work of n priest (not pastor, minister, or presbyter, but priest), in the Church oi (jcd, now committed unto theo hy iho imposition of our hands Whose sins thou dost forgivo, thoy aro forgiven, and whose sins then dost retain, the) aro retimed" Having received this sacerdotul grace I oin perform aac-trdotil acts. I baptue infants, and am instructed solemnly to say to the peoplo,-" Seeing now dearly beloved brethren, that this nu 'u ,r,cPcneralei "n«l grafted int i tho body of Christ's Church, S.o., still more sol mnly um I taught by tho Church to say to Almighty God,-" Wo yield thee thinks, inoet merciful Father, that it bath plea ed thee to repenerato ihis infant with thy Holy Spirit, and to receivo him for thine own child by adoption, nnd to incorporate him into thy holy Church," Lo T Still more plainly am I taught to declare infant regeneration by baptism, in tho offlco for private baptism of infants, " Seeing that this child is by bap- tism regenerate, ' &o.; To thisagroe the plain teachings of tho shoiter and longer catechisms, the samo sacerdotal grace uutbciisea me to say to the sick,- " By his authority committed to me, I absolve thio from all thy tim," &.o Whatever dispute there may bo as to the mode of receiving Christ's body and blood m tho euchanst, I am authorized as a priest, in the act of consecration, to lay " my hand upon all tho bread, and to lay my hand upon every vessel (.heit chalice or flagon, in winch there is any wine to be cencccrated), and then to tho communicant, as he kneebj in the attitude ef adoration, to say-"The body ef our Lord Jesus Christ, which was given for theo, preserve tay body and foul untoovcrlastinglife," etc ' " Tho blood of our I old Jesus Chn t, which was shed for thoo preservo thy ledy and soul into everlasting life,' etc To the young ¡repining for confirmation 1 am empowered to say, 'Iho inward part of tho sacrament, 01 thing signified, is tho body and blood of ChriHt, which uro verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in tho Lord's Supper I he lngheBt tribunal of the nation has decided that it is not contrary to the teaching of our Church stnndurds that thj pioplo should pny adoration to tho conoecrated elemente on iho altar-proving that wo boliovo them to bo indo»d charged into the body and blood of Christ, 01 tb.atHi-.body it. coni- ubttentiated with llum Such is my commission i-uch are my ucte as a priest, and if I bo not truly a priest toinmifsiüBcd to rrgeneiato und absolvo mon, and to give tho real body aud blood of Christ, thoa uur Church is guilty of most fearful assumption, and her prieMB doce vc the people But I rejoice in my distin- guishing glory as a priest-not of tho Reformation, fdr that I condemn as schism-but of tho Catholio Chun h I i Ijuio the name of Protestant and claim that of Catholic The priests of the Roman Catholic Cnureh aro in true ordeis, but tho ordination and orders of till tho Beete aro icbumatica], arrogant, and vam, and their mombo», how ever holy, aro schismatical, and I leavo them to Iho uncounnntcd mercies of God ' ' It is in vam tho livangolioal churchman tries to rofuto his Romanizing brother from rubric or praver bojk, or to interpret tho language of the Church oflicea in a Protestant Eense. The Ritualist has on his side their prima facie meaning, and that wh ch tho plain people will most naturnlly accept. The evangelical may provo that every one of the Ritualist's portions is contrary to tho word of God, and subversive of religion as a reasonable service, and obstructive to vital godliue's, however acceptable they maybe to sensuous and senti- mental souls who loathe tho manna of God s pure word and simple apostolio worship These are tho teachings of tho Church, he avers , and, I fear, the Ritualistic on the grounds of language and subscriptional honesty has the beat of tho argument It ls vain for us to tell tho sacerdotal churchman that, by tho very arguments that he ad- duces to prove us schismatic as dissenters from him, tho .Roman Catholic priest proves him n schismatic and heretic for leaving tho Communion of Rome, or remaining away from her fold It is in vain we prove from Gods word that tho Church of Rome herself is fearfully dilierent now from what it was when Paul wrote his Epistlo to tho Romans, assuring them that ii they abode not in the Faith they would assuredly be cut off as was tho ancient Jewish Church All in vain argument and the Bible, while the sacerdotalist can prop himself up by tho authority of the Church "Till there shall be a revision of the Prayer Book, amputating what is clearly unsound and explaining what is dubious, I anticipate the progressive spread of this evil leaven of self-exalting priesthood It is one of tho weeds that grow rankly in tho soil of tho proud self-righteous heart of man. It has fearfully grown in tho Anglican community The chief English reformers acknow- ledged tho validity of Presbyterian ordination and the sacraments of other reformed Churches They received men not prelatically ordained ministers into their pulpits, and recognised them and their flocks as equally Christian with themselves 'All the Churches professing tho Gospel,' writes iravera to Lord Treasurer Burleigh, 'receive likewise to the exer- cise of the ministry among thom all such as havo been lawfully called before in any of tho Churches of our confession. And in the Church of England the same hath been always observed unto this day' Union By Rev J. Harris, DD 'Iho Reformera, taj s Neale, * admitted tho i rdination of foreign Churo ICB by ni ci c presbvters till towards tho middle of thus reign [Elizi hethj, when their validity began fo bo disputed nnd denied Time the Church advanced in hor claim«, and removed by degrees to a greater distance from the foieign Protestants This leaven fearfully pervades the Church of I ngland at present The best and holiest servant of God on the Continent or at home ehe shuts out of her pulpits, and would not cvua allow them to oiliciute II the bunal of a friend in hor consol rated ground How docs this uppeir in the ojos of tho Great ia thor of nil the family in heaven and in earth-how to th« Saviour how to the Holy Spirit, the sealer and comforter of all Barate ? ' ' lhere are good men within tho Anghcin Churoh that j et-rn for union with tho good and true, who do not con ioim to what they conocicntiously believe her errors \\\ hy should thoj not try to havo theso unscriptipal bar- riers to unity removed ' Verj nobloaro tho wotd* of cne of themselves -'Almost the only Protestant Church who have retained tho episcopal form, are we in this nineteenth century to exhibit to the world tho odious intolerance that would unchurch almost all tho Churches of Christendom except that which have long been defaced by inveterate, i or ructions, and stained with the blood of the saints * Never «{.aro, I hope, will any one who calls himself a minister ut Christ in the Church of Kn^lind so olloud i gainst Christ tnrough his ueople as to deny his com mission to the great and good men who laboured with Luther, Zuingle, Calvin, and Knox to establish the profession of tho Gospel in Germany, Switzerland, and Scotland Never may the faithful ministers of Christ lalounng in the Paja de Youd, at Geneva, in France, and m Germany, think uf us as disgiaced bj the bigotry which « ould deny them to bo ministers of Christ. Never may Gnut-sm, Adolphe Monod, Merle D Aubignc, Colnny No?, I holuek and the other excellent men who iro labouring on the Continent to promote religion, think of us as intruding them fiom the visible Church of Christ liy BO doing we m fact excommunicate ourselves, and arc found in meian* cluily 1'o'ntiou from the purest Churches of Chtist, and are found in hateful conjunction with that one which the "tt ord of Gcd has branded with an irreversible anathema But if wo fraternise with the Churches on tho Continent v\c aro equally bound to recognite tho Churches of America and the Dissenters of England 1 heir orders aro ihe tunic, their discipline littlo differs. What reason is iLcio ior allowing the Presbyterian orders of Geneva, and dei J rag tho Congregational orders of New England ' And if the Congregational orders of New England be allowed whv should wc disallow those of Bristol, of Birmingham eiot London ^ When will our sectarian jealousies cease ( Surely we cannot any longer deny the orders of foreign Churches , and common sense forbids that we allow those orders abroad and disallow them at home But if we db nu longer di°aliow them, the acknowledgment should be j uUic, und generous, and brotherly Let not other Deno ii mutions see or fancy that we now cherish an irreligious sectarianism in ourselves more exclusive and more proud ihun that which wo condemn in them '-Fundamental Reform of the Church Establishment, &c.; By a clergyman, p 44 " Tho effects ef this sacerdotalism must be deleterious to the spiritual life of those who hold it Its inevitable tendency ia to make them huughly und exolusive to all ministers of Christ who aro not episcopally ordained, no matter, how will they answer Paul's charge to Timothy - Ihcso things commit thou to faithful men, who Bhall be able to teach others J! o ' 2 limolhy it I Saser dotalism fortified by these authorised doctrines will assume mrs, VMII close its pulpit doorB, and say oven to ti Thomas Binney, or a Samuel Martin, Stand by, far 1 am holiei than thcu ' In few men of tina century perhaps was there a deeper vearmng for evangelical union or a clearer com- prehension of obstuoles to it than in that r,rcat master in Israel lately gone to the realm where all is union and tiuth , linean, as jon will auppose, the Rev T Binney Mot ttulj did he saj -'There is nothing for which I pray with krenter frecruency und fervour than that all Chris- tians who agree in tho fundamental principles of tho gospel may be brought to understand, advocate, and prac tico universal communion , " But schemes of comprehension -with tho Church of England till tho sacetdotalism of her oflices should be purged from them ho did not beliove in or accept In 'Dissent not Schism,' ho wrote -"To mako uniformity of government the criterion of tho Churoh, and the basis of reciprocal intercourse and communion, is to put church order va. the place of Christ Christ must bo first, fellow- ship next, and then as much uniformity as 'Will follow î om tho two. This is the principle and tho spirit of Evangelical Dissent , and hence instead of being schismatic ii it has less of sectarianism, and more of Catholicity, than any other system whatever He closes his celebrated discourse on ' Conscientious Cleri- cal Nonconformity, with theso noble word-i - Mynitu'o in itB highest essence would bo injured Vy moral sense vvoiiid be saeiificed oi seduced I cannot di it 1 will not This, too, would be great wickedness and a sin against God. It would be sin against myself I never will consent to pay such a prico for the advantages which dene ii cou tormity can confer I see them all I feel their attnc tun Principle ns to some-preference as to other*-,1 iilo habit, iiEsoc ation, us to most-strongly indueo and uiip-l mo towardH thom I could wish them mine I should bti find to sec ure thtm I would give for them anything c a Maten t with honour It should not bo heron-m to i of u=« tin r 1 determine to refuse it To all tho inducements to ml r ¡Le eetablislm eut 1 oppose onu thing, and but one With mj predilections I have little else, but with mv opini m-t 1 ought lo have that-a livinc conscience By God a hoi J I will ttnvo to retain it It shall bo kept bj mo, and kept nhvo It und 1 must part company if 1 do iberutoly otlend it bv deliberately doing what IB wrong God pf mj strength rretcrve mo from Um, lot thy giaco bo sufflciont. forme reep back tby servant from presumptuous sin with tho lic.ht vcbich thou, I trust, hast pouied into my toul, and iho love with which thou hast replenishod my heart, I dum not pctuiit nivsolf to sanction and to saj, what I feel I must, if I consent to UBO theso forma and c fhtcs A fcGod conteience is to be found only in wi h 1 olding that consent I am determined to withhold it 1 feo nowhere unless conscience can go with mo. Iain satioflcd to remain wherever it remains This IB my feel- ing , and on account of this, and this only, I hero resolve loicfuse orders ' ' ' Thetc words,' says Rev J B Brown,* « produced a very deep impression on conscientious ovangolical church- men. The argument of the discourse was powerful, tho demonstration complete It placed Mr. Binney in the foro front of the ecclesiastical conflict, and it was certainly one of the influences which led to the agitation concerning j tbo forms of 'subscription, which has issued in the relaxa- tion which Ihe new Act socures Not that, m tho judg- ment of Nonconformity, the relaxation is so great a relief as it eeemB Men who have to use the emees Bsurely express m tho most solemn form their entire belief in their doctrine, and consent to the words that they are true, not in the ecnBe which a subtle casuist might pnt upon them, but in the clear honest meaning which they mutt seem to bear to the supple men and women for whom the clergy undertake tobe mouthpieces to God.' We lament the existence of this false doctrine of sacerdotalism * " Tlw Co»us»porary Bericw," May, »Hi, p, 89#, J V in the offices of the Episcopal Church of England';,not merely because it has kept, some of us out of a ohureh that should be our spiritual home, but became it is the strong- hold of a cowardly covert Romanism, which is far les» ? honest and more pernicious than overt antagonism to the Reformation and submission to the Pope. " We are one of the smallest of tho tribes of spiritual Israel ard by no means wish to glorify ourselves ; but to all who >now our adhesion to the Bible as our only authoritative standard, it is clear that we have no prescrip- tive obstacles to communion with any of tho Churches of Christ ; and all who know our practico will, I think, con- fess that no communion of Christians more gladly or practically hail advances to Christian union. This does net make us latitudinarian or regardless of truth. Wo do not believe in healing unprobed and uncleanaed wounds. Wo do not believe in covering up flaws in tho foundations of unity, or rendering a shaky ecclesiastical union sound by a coat of paint. We pray for union. We accept it as far as we con get it with a pure conscience ; we cannot go further ; and ' speaking tho truth in love,' wo await tho will of God. " In the meantime, thia we can confidently Say, that when the day of deepest trial shall come to tho Church of Eng land hor truest sons will find in us not foes that rejojee in calamity, but friends, trained to liberty, who know how to show sympathy without insult, and help without boast. In tho meantimo we ure thankful for such instalments of unity os aie scantily afforded us both in England and hore. ¿Ld while we dare not sacrifico an atom of truth, wo shall try to cultivate iho unity of love. "Side by side with sacerdotalism, though of n very different character, ia another great movement of thought dieply sífecling the Churches, both athomo and hero ; much aioie indted than sacerdotalism affecting us here. I allude to the multiform doubt and infidelity which, whether secret, ill-concealed, or overt, pervades much of tho secular litera ture of the age ; which has found an utterance even in tho works of Church dignitaries, and has weakened, where it' has not succeeded in corrupting, tho ministrations of truth. Doubt with many has become an epidemic moral paralysis In not a few it has become a chronic scepticism starved on negations; and with some it has taken tho form of active infidelity attacking Christianity, not merely in tho out works of its chronology, history, and ethics, but at its very citadel of fundamental religious truth-tho very Cross of Christ. I by no means wish to be an indiscriminate denourcer of doubt. Tho pure and simple gospel of Christ bns been fearfully overlaid for ages by successive accretions of human tradition. If a man has been brought up in such a system, then doubt is the first step towards simpli- city and truth. Many have not spirituality or independ- ence of thought enough to entertain an honest doubt and pursue the path of truth- seeking inquiry. Even tho truth a man holds is never living truth to him till ho has doubted and inquired and believed for himself. This digests truth, and turms it into life-blood for the soul. "We greatly respect, approve, and encourage honest doubt and inquiry. They have a mighty work to do are tho creeds of mediaeval ages become pure and simple as tho teaching of Jesus and his apostles, 'the fires 'of honest doubt have much rubbish to consume in many quarters ; but we do not fear for tho pure gold of truth"; it will come out. refined from the furnace even if seven times heated. There are herculean doubters at work with every sharpest tool of science and criticism, and they are knocking down much of what is human and time-worn and that deforms Christianity. Let it go down. Even amid the dust and smoke and din we do not fear for either tho Old Testament or tho New. Tho solid walls of truth shall resist every onset ; ' the founda- tion of God standeth sure ; ' and there is not a billow of time but must recoil from it, nor ' a weapon formed against it that shall prosper.' Searching times have commenced, and must become more searching. But we fear not for truth. ' . 'Truth crushed to earth will rise again, Fur God's eternal years are hers ; But error wounded writhes in pain, And dies amid her worshippers.' " Christianity has for more to fear from the pious frauds, superstitions, and inconsistencies of its friends than from the doubts of the sternest doubters. Doubt stilled and truth suppressed by denunciation and persecution powerfully helped that long-prepared explosion of tho French Revo- lution, in which throne and altar went down the red vortex, and beneath the tremors of which France still shakes. England allowed her doubters to speak and her believers to reply ; and no country at present possesses a population more religiously earnest and free. Prussia makes creed and ritual too much a matter of State drill, and, by thrusting Lutheran orthodoxy on free minds, tempts Luther's country men to follow his own example and rebel against an out- wardly imposed creed. " Gcd has not intended the Bible and its expounders to supersede, but to stimulate free thought. He has not in- tended that we should be intellectual cripples, laid down at tho doors of churches, and to be carried by others to heaven. Jesus Christ strengthens us to walk and leap and follow Him. Priestcraft would sing men asleep on sofas of sloth, and engage to take them to heaven for certain payments. God's plan is to set the spiritual pil- grims on such a progress as Bunyan described, which, after many a rough and weary step, leads to tho gates of a celestial city, where all is rest and joy. " We welcome tho keenest inquirers into tho evidences and truths of Christianity. Come on, gentlemen, and, if you be honest and fair inquirers, we welcome you as amongst the most needed workers of the age. We were once doubters ourselves; and we pray you not to think it unkind if we offer a few cautions. Be sure of your own motives and qualifications in your rigid interrogation and testing of the Bible, and the religion that so many of tho wisest and best have believed. . These altars have been worshipped at by patriarchs, prophets, apostles, and martyrs. It is serious work ; are you habitually serious and thoroughly in earnest ? The Bible inculcates what is holy and self-denying; are you trying to be thoroughly pure and incorrupt, and to know the mind and will of tho great and holy Father ? Are you sure you do not dislike this holy religion, as standing in the way of freer sensual gratification or tho pride of intellect ? It affirms that tho pure in heart alone see the God it re- veáls, and the spiritual kingdom it unfolds. Do you come' humbly conscious of your own defects and sins, and pray- ing to the God of light for help to see Himself and His way 'i ' Examine yourselves.' ' Know yourselves.' "Are you equipped to read in tho originals the book yo put on test ? Pray do not suppose you know their mean- ing by a hasty glance, or tho report of mistaken friends, or more likely of foes, and. then commence to demolish the book, when you are but attacking exaggerations or misrepresentations, which its best expounders would utterly repudiate. This is the common trick of a vulgar infidelity, and un- worthy of genuine seekers of truth. Be cautious. If ye come from the study of geology, read what Hugh Miller and Buckland, and John Pye Smith and Hitchcock have written on the Bible and geology; and it will save you from many blunders and much rash speculation. Be sure your geological dogmas are not based on partial facts and new-fangled theories. Tho Bible is not a manual of geology. It teaches tho science of salvation ; but even its incidental geological allusions steer marvellously clear of collision with all established facts. You may prove that there was no absolutely universal deluge. The wisest friends of the Bible quite believe that, and now find that its language does not require it. Suppose you could prove that sixty thousand years elapsed since man came on the earth, tho chronology of the Bible rightly read might be found to expand to take it in. Do you come from tho study of the fixed laws of material nature? Remember the spiritual world has its own elements and laws, and you must seek to learn them, and not falsely apply the laws of one depart- ment of God's work to another wholly different. Bring all your exactest knowledge, and you will find nothing to contradict our faith in a living personal God, whose providence is minute, even to tho care of sparrows, and extends to embrace all worlds. Examine your own souls and be true to them, and you will be as devout as Newton or Faraday or Miller, and your human spirit will yearn to be embosomed in the care and love of the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ye will become lowly and loving as little children, while ye cultivate tho deep comprehensive thought of the sage. We welcome present enquirers of such a type as future co workers and friends. "We do not frown on honest doubt and free enquiry, if fair. " But there is much doubt not the offspring of moral honesty, and much professed free inquiry which is but ill- concealed hostility and foregone conclusion against a Divine revelation. Many snatch at flimsy ephemeral theories if they but appear to contradict the Bible. They are not serious, patient, scientific inquirers ; and their ante cedents and arrogance often compel us to doubt their moral honesty and competence for their pro- fessed task. They are often young, rash, ill-furnished thinkers, may be ungowned divines or self-seeking adventurers, more bent on demolition than construction, more desirous of shocking old orthodoxy and eliciting plaudits for boldness, than bent on the calm undemon trative quest and enjoyment of truth. We cannot respect such,and feel it a duty to expose them to tho inexperienced and unwary. Many of them are most influential when their names are best concealed or their antecedents for- gotten. They move contempt more than fear; and only that we know that a torch in the hand of even a fool may do harm, their efforts would scarce deserve the vigilance that guards or the blow that levels. Yet we are persuaded that Christian ministers should study the sources and nature of doubt, from what ever quarter it arises, and be prepared for its effectual treat- ment, if we can heal the disease in an early stage, we may not only save that patient but perhaps others from de- bility or death. If we can effectually exterminate the weed early, we prevent its seed from giving much future trouble. How may this be done most effectually? I feel assured it will, Be a rule, be done better by positive than by negative means, better by a clear strong exhibition of tho salvation of the Lord Jesus Christ than by philosophizing about tho Gospel or preaching in its defence. An intelligent exhi- bition of the truth and word of Jesus Christ at once closes up avenues of attack, and carries the assault to the heart, the citadel of unbelief. Tho truths of the Gospel, cleared from tho rusts of tradition, shine by their own' light : and the character and life of Jeaus Christ are as self-demonstrative of a Divine origin to a spiritual eye as is the rainbow or the sun to natural sight. Every earnest student and preacher of the gospel is disarming doubt and pulling down its strongholds. When the preacher's heart glows with the the theme he earnestly utters—and when the hearers' lives and his own reflect its lustre and power— the march ef the Church will be to the goal of faith and love, over the carcases of scepticism and infidelity. "A church revived and a gospel preached in tho power' . of the Holy Spirit will be the cure of disunion, sacerdo- talism, and doubt. 'A vivid powerful revival of religion brings God and eternity so near as to make small those causes of difference that must disappear with time; as we rise nearer heaven tho territorial lines of sect and party dis- appear; and the one object that fixes the thought is a world to bo saved from sin and brought to God in' Christ. A deep revival of love to God and man and of supreme devotion to Jesus Christ, melts down the selfishness that opposes union, and affbrds tho disinterested charity that cements all in one. Tho great revival now progressing in Britain has made men forget their metaphysical philosophies of Christianity, and has united them in love to a living personal Christ. It has drawn them from the thorny by-ways of tho creeds and harmonises their march on tho high-way of tho higher Christian life. .Let but the pentecostal baptism be restored, and tho Pentecostal unity will follow. " Sacerdotalism cannot live in a revival of scriptural religion. While there is spiritual death the people will be content to let priests approach God for them, and do their religion. When their hearts are deeply awakened to spiritual things they must themselves approaoh God directly in prayer, and thcu, when direst free fellowship with God ia enjoyed, the power of the priest is at an ond. " Then he is tho most apostolic minister who can preach and teach and pray with most apostolic power. Anxious souls seek, salvation, and whoever can in tho power of the spirit bring Christ nearest is most esteemed. The thirsty sonl will take the cup _ brimmrng . over with living waters, and drink without in- quiring with tho stamp of what ecclesiastical factory tho cup is marked. He will grasp tho plank of safety without inquiring whether it carne trom Geneva, Canter- bury, London, or America. 1 believe thero will always bo « as office and oider of faithful n»>n ' who aro able also to teach others ' in ihe Church ; but the greatest recent revivals of religion havo been by no means con- fined to the ministry of any one order of clergyi or indeed confined to clergy at all. All God's people are ' a royal priesthood,' and whoever dwells nearest tho Great High Priest convoy a most of the precious unction of His Spirit to His members. I joyfully expect that it will be through a great outpouring ot the Holy Spirit of God that men shall outgrow their ecclesiastical exolusiveness ; and that by the Holy Spirit the spirit of schism will bo cart out rather than by the conflict of criticism and logic, _ " A great revival of religion will cast out tho spirit of infidelity. Scientific men, absorbed in material laws and forces, are alienated from the spiritual world as distant, intangible, and shadowy. A revival of religion brings near a Heavenly Father filling all things with His presence, power, and glory, and they beoome conscious of spiritual laws and forces and interests, compared with which, those of nature are shadowy and evanescent. Then they find that the study of nature interpenetrated and overflowing with God is as oil to feed the altar fires of religion in the soul. Then the historian finds God in human affairs? and learns that the manifestation of God in Christ is the key of all history and tho scope of all its movements.. The present enjoyment of Christ and His salvation Ís the most satisfac- tory internal evidence, and the holy lives of Christiana the mott irresistible external proof of tho divinity of the gospel. Whatever may be the accidents of tho millennium, a per monent revival of religion by tho Holy Spirit 'of God is its essence This is in store for tbo Church. God has promised to pour out His spirit on all flesh. Christ has ascended to send down tho gift of tho spirit- the Comforter. His power has been felt, and obstacles high as mountains have sunk to plains before Him. At this very time a te vival of religion is is triumphant progress in tho father- land that is doing ' exceeding-abundantly above all that the Churches have asked or thought.' "What then is our duty at this solemn period of our own and the Churches' history ? God does not require more than He gives power to do. We have the gospel of the crucified risen Christ to enjoy and preach; let us with growing earnestness enjoy and preach it. We have a people to instruct and edify in faith and love ; let us minister to them publicly, and from house to house, as those that watch for souls and must give on account. We are surrounded by various brethren and Churches ; let us speak the truth as far as we know it with no faltering voice, but let our tones tremble and burn with tho charity of our blessed Master, who gavo his life for us all. Wo have the promise of tho Spirit ; let us wait and pray to be endued with His power from on high. Amen." WEDNESDAY. On the invitation of Mr. John Fairfax, the ministers aid delegates assembled to breakfast in the schoolroom. The Rev. J. Greenwood, M.A., the Kov. R. Sellors, and the Rev. R. Macsfield were present as visitors. The topio of conversation after the breakfast was " Tho demands of the age for increased spiritual life." The ministers and delegates reassembled at 3 p.m. The Rev. 8. TJ. ROTHWELL road a paper on " Our Week-night Services." After a short discussion, the thanks of the Assembly were given to Mr. Rothwell for his able paper. The ltev. M. WILLIAMS, H.A., then read a paper on " Denominational Literature." This was followed by disoussion, which terminated in the following resolutions boing passed:-"I. That this Union is of opinion that the timo has arrived for the establish- ment of a periodical in connection with the Congregational denomination of New South Wales. It therefore remits to ita committee the making of the arrangement« necessary far carrying it into effect, unless on investigation it be found to bo impracticable. 2. That Mr. Williams 'be requested to place this paper at the disposal of the committee for the purpose of publication, Mr. Fairfax having libernllj- ofieied to boar the expense of printing 6000 copies, a. That the committee be authorised to proceed with the publication, if the churches consent to subscribe for Ó0Ü copies us the minimum, the Union supplying any deficiency of funds. In the evening, a public meeting was held in the church, when tho Rev. J. G. Frazer, M.A., delivered an eloquent uddiesB on " 1 ho Divine idea of a Christian Church." The Rev. J. P. SUNDERLAND then moved the following resolution, which was seconded by Mr. T. B. ROLIN, and carried unanimously.-" The members of this Union de- sire to express their deep Bvmpathy with the efforts which mo being made by tho Coñgregationalisrs in England to «ecuro religious equality, and trust that the plans which nie now being adopted by the liberation society of England to procure disestablishment and diaeudowment will meet with speedy and complete success; and they heartily en- dorse the resolution adopted by a public meeting of the Congi egational Union of England and Wales, recognising the. gravityof the political difficulties and perils arising fram the doctrines and pretensions of the ultramontano party, and maintaining that the civil supremacy of the State oan be defended against ecolesiastical encroachments, and se- curely and permanently uphold only by the dissolution'ef all political relations between tho Church and State." THURSDAY. The minutes and delegates assembled in the schoolroom at 3 p.m. The Roy. B. Rogers opened with prayer. 1 The Rev. G. G. HOWDEN moved, and the Rev. T. JOHNSON seconded, and it was unanimously resolved, " That it be a recommendation to tho committee to confer with the trustees of tho Independent portion of Haslem Creek Cemetery, and, if necessary, the committee of the Baptist Union, to dovise plans for tho erection of a pavilion or shed at Haslem Crook, in which to conduct funeral services." ,t The Rev. J. P. SUNDERLAND moved, the Bov. T. 8. FOHSAITH seconded, and it was unanimously resolved. " That the thanks of thia Union be given to the Bov. John Graham for his admirable address ; and that the Union make arrangements for the publication of such parte of tha address in a pamphlet form for general circulation amongst the churches as the lîev. J. Graham may deem desirable." The Bev. W. SLATYEH moved, the Rev. T. JOUNBOH seconded,audit was resolved unanimously,-"That the scheme proposed aa the ministers' reliof fund bo remitted back to tho committco of tho Union, and those gentlemen appointed to first frame its rules, with the request that tha scheme be modified as may appear desirable to meet tho opinions which Have been advanoed ; that Mr. J, Mullens be requested lo act as treasurer to this fund until further arrangements be modo ; and that the Rev. T. S. Forsaith bo nsEociated with him SB co-trustee in the matter." Cn the motiW'of the Bcv.'J. G- FRAZER, seconded by the Bev. J. P. SUNDERLAND, it was resolved that the com- mittee be requested to watch over any legislation on the land question, in so far as suoh. legislation affecte religious denemiaations. _ Tho Rev. W. SLATYER. moved,-" That it is tho convic- tion of this assembly that the timo has come for the entire withdrawal of State-aid from.Denominational schools." The motion was seconded, and, after discussion, was carried with acclamation. ¡. The minutes of tho past meeting wore read .and con- firmed. In the evening, at 7 o'clock, a united communion servie« was held in the churoh. There was a large attendance. Tho licv. B. T. Hills preached the sermon, and other clergymen also took part m the service. 