INTEMPERATE TEMPERANCE IN AMERICA. The Americans have a way of doing things differently to any other people, even to the extent of building a tower which shall be double the height of any old- world edifice that is in existence. Had the Americans known the contem plated height of the Tower of Babel more j definitely than that its top should reaeh heaven, it is probable the Great Phila delphia Centenarial Tower would have been made as high again as that. The builders of the Babylonian bungle said " Let us go and make us a name." The Ainericars seem to be bent upon doing that in many ways, one of the many re markable instances being the organiza tion of women in several of the states for " praying down the drinking saloons." From recent files it appears the crusade is spreading far and wide out of the two states—Ohio and Indiana—in which it originated. Ministers of the Gospel as a matter of course have joined the women in the movement, and the chapels have services, held' in them every" night in addition to regular meetings. On Sun days, temperance sermons are preached in the churches, and pledges circulated among the congregations. The pledge is stated to be largely signed by those who have been habitual drunkards. Trades men are compelled to abandon their liquor stores, and swear they will re-open them as groceries in a few weeks. In various places, the liquor stores or saloons are stated to have been reduced by one half in twelve months. The New Xork Tribune, of 4th February, remarks:— « The day when the liquor dealers laughed at the women's movement has passed. Whatever the secret of its success, and however ridiculous it first appeared, it now seems very formidable to all who depend for income upon the manufacture j or sale of whisky or beer. Not that they I anticipate the conversion of the whole j people to total abstinence principles, or a breaking-up of the liquor business, br any permanent disastrous effect upon them j or their calling; but already they have been very much embarassed. Hundreds of liquor stores have been temporarily | and many permanently closed. A large number of .persons have gone out of the business. The demand for both spirituous and malt liquors has wonderfully fallen off. One place in Southern Ohio, which formerly took 100 barrels of beer a day from Cincinnati, now takes none. There is a great change in public sentiment, as shown m the fact that iu many communi i.ties, liquor-selling and liquor-drinking are now considered alike disreputable, i Many towns have passed and are enforc ing prohibitory laws as strict as the State statute allows. These things are calcu lated to breed alarm; they do, and the result is seen in depresion of prices and a panic among the liquor dealers in almost every town, as soon as the women take up the line of march. But as yet the enemy is disorganized. Meetings have been held, but no policy has been defintely agreed upon. Under these circumstances every man has his own plan of defence or repulse, and it must be said that none has yet been crowned, with success. The devices of the saloon keepers are various and often amusing. Yan Pelt, as every body remembers, " baptized the women with beer" (to use his own expression), when they prayed that he might have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The same man, now a bright and shining light in the Reformation camp, brandished an axe at his door, threatening to use it on the head of the first woman crossing his thres hold Mrs Foley, who kept a low place in Oxford, had hot water ready to throw out of the window upon the enemy's pickets. A Mount Yernon druggist pro posed to dispense sulphuretted hydrogen during the season of prayer. Throwing red pepper upon a hot stove while the ladies are in the saloon has been a favor ite mode of annoyance. Several persons nave flooded the side-walks with water to • keep the ladies from kneeliug- or even walking in front of their houses; hut carpet or tarpaulin provided by the men has generully obviated these difficulties. A Mandisonville saloon-keeper greased his sidewalk to make it slippery. At some places bands of music or strolling musicians have been employed to drown the voices of the pious women; and in some instances free liquor has been dis pensed to boys, who, in return, made noise enough within the saloons to keep out the sound of prayer and praise. At Phifer's ruin-hole in Oxford it is related that the ingenuity of a bar-keeper over came all obstacles by finding an eutrance for his customers through a respectable bakery four or five doors west. The thirsty man was shewu into this place through an oyster saloon, out of a back door, around half a dozen gateways, and lastly through the kitchen and dining room of Phifer's house. At another place a raoek-prayer-meeting was held,by bacchanalians around the bar, while the ladies sang and prayed standing on the snow-covered pavement outside." It seems to be forgotten that all this saloon closure is done through intimidation, and all the worse because exercised by excited and irresponsible females whose illegal proceedings cannot be resented in any or dinary way. One of the speakers at Colum bus, Ohio, said the citizens. of Spring field had subscribed 100,000 dollars to sustain the ladies of that town in their crusade, and Mrs Eliza Thompson re ported the ladies of Hillsborough" un awed by the legal obstacles which had beset their faith." 