LIFE OF ANTHONY BRADY, THE CENTENARIAN. By an Old Colonist. There are some people to whom Revelation ' itself ia a lie ; and for the benefit of theso folk, I propose telling the story of Anthony Brady'e I life, learned from the old man himself. It may , be urged that tho question of the trnth of the ! story ia in no degree settled by the fact that it j was told by the man himself ? but I think that, allowing a broad margin for exaggeration, it will be seen that the narrative is so consistent and ' so absolutely agreeable to the records of 'history, ' that ifc -mav h& l-flasnnablv annnnfarl as truth. | even by those sceptical persons who will not j admit that the duration of human life ever j exceeds the regular threescore-and-ten at which, i we are told the sand runs out. Anthony Brad? was born ia August 1764 at a ' place called Blackline, in the county Cavan, Ire land: His father wa3 a farmer, and he Lhnself followed that occupation up to his twenty seventh year. About this time he formed a con oection with a young girl, the daughter of a neighbour — an Orangeman — and it ended by his seducing her. The father's indigna tion was of course aggravated by the circum stance that his daughter's betrayer was a Roman Catholic ; and on the other hand, Brady's family objected to his marriage with the girl, on account of her religion. Bigotry was then a sterner fact; than it is even now ; and those who are read in the history o£ the times will have little difficulty in under standing that the wrong done to the Orange man's daughter was tenfold a wrong in the eyes of her people, in that her seducer was a Catholic. Brady's people were more than suspected of being connected with the White Boys. One i morning as young Anthony, his father, mother, | and uncle, sat at breakfast, a party of yeo J manry rode up, and without parley or explana ! tion, tilted up a cart, and proceeded to hang the i father and uncle, after which they sliced I off their heads. Brady narrated that the I last he ever saw of hi3 mother was as she gathered the heads of her husband and : brother into her apron. He himself wa3 then 1 strung up. and the yeomanry, fortunately for j him, foregoing the operation of beheading, then i rode away. Brady lost consciousness, and re membered nothing more, until he discovered himself in the house of his sweetheart's father. The old man, who had witnessed the outrage, had cut him down, and carried him to his house j so soon as Brady recovered, a clergyman was sent for, and he married the young man to the Orangeman's daughter. This connection served to protect Brady from the vengeance of those whom he uBed]to call ' the Yoos,' bub it no wise dim inshed his desire for vengeance upon ' them. He has recorded that he never let an opportunity pass of disposing o£ a yeoman ; and that he sent more of those doughty gentlemen to their long account than he could well remember. It was indeed uatural, thai; he should regard tho3e peo ple with undying hatred ; and Brady was a man who could hate well. Soon after his marriage he started a still. He paid the fees to the guager of the district, who, however, was an Orangemau, and Brady's foe. This person from whom Brady had received no receipt informed the authorities that he was conducting an unlicensed still ; and Brady ouo fine morning discovered that his old enemies the yeomanry had descended upon his still, and destroyed a considerable amount of property. Conscious of tho injustice of this attack, he armed his men, and succeeded in beating off the soldiers, the sergeant ia command of whom, however, having informed him that it was under the information- of the guager that they had acted. Brady, a man of violent temper, s'.yore he would shoot the guager, aud did so in the market place of Carrickfergus ; first, however, offering to right the mau in duel. This offence, of course, compelled Anthony t- hide, and he now sought refi%e amidsb the Wieklow mountains ; sleeping by day, ana abroad at uight ; for, as be himself said, ' ii ;he day the twitter of a bird would waken me.' He lived in a i;ave, with ofc:.:ur outlaws ; one oi whom, in order to &euure; a pardon for himeelj, betrayed him. ' It was one fine mornin' ' said Brady, ' that I came out of the cave on me hands an' knees ; and shuir 1 sea the yeoa all around. ' Como out Cock av the North,' says they. ' Divil a bit av me,' says I ; an' I crawls back agin into the eave. With that they gets bushes and sets fire to 'em, an' smokes me out, and then they tuk me to Carrickfergus gael.'' Tried before Lord Norbury, he was sentenced to death, but the interest of his Orange friends was powerful enough to obtain a commutation of his sentence to imprisonment for life. He was on the scaffold, and the white cap was drawn over his face when the intelligenca came, and he said that he was sorry that it had come. He was now kept in gaol until a vessel sailed from England for Botauy Bay. The gaolor was an OraDge-man, aud Brady tells hovr this man taunted and worried him as he lay there in irons, and powerless. ' ' If I could have caught him by the throat, ' said the old man, 'I would have torn him limb from limb, and I swore that if any of his seed ever came across me I'd have their life.' Well Brady was sent to Botany Bay. Arrived here he was assigned to a man named Lynch, residing on the ' Rocks.' Af cer this he became grave-digger at the old cemetery where the Town Hall now stands, and it was here that an incident occurred which will show iu the narra tive, that this man was of a wild and fierce nature, yet possessed of a moral sense not always an accompaniment of such a character. 'One day,' said Brady, 'I saw a prisoner runnin' into the graveyard. He'd bolted from a road gang, and he junipod into a grave that I'd been diggin', I went up to him, and who d'ye think he was ? He waa the son of the thief av a gaolor as had tormented me in Carrickfei-gua gaol. I called him out. He was tremblin' like a leaf ; an' I took him to my hut. Said 1, * do ye know who I am.' Said he, 'no.' 'Well,' said I, ' my name's Anthony Brady — the Cock av the North ; and more be token, you an' your father jeered an' tormented me in gaol, and I swore an oath that if ever any av your blood came into my hands, I'd tear him to pieces.' With that he turned as white aa a ghost, and made to go ; but I stopped him. 'Now,' said I, 'that oath was made when rage was over me, and I don't hold ib as bindin'. Don't shake man, I'll give ye good for evil ; stop here an' wel come. An' I gave him victuals aa' drink, and helped him away to Twofold Bay, where he joined an American whaler.' Brady used to tell this story with some pride. A French fleet having called into this por'c, several of those prisoners who desired to attend mass were permitted to go on board the vessel j on which it was celebrated, and Brady with some j others contrived to make his escape in one of j the frigates. Landed at Brest, he wag cariied to ' Ireland in a fishing smack, and at once joined those who were in secret rebellion. His presence became known to the authorities and he was eagerly sought for. Tived of this unsettled life, ? he communicated with his wife, telling her to sell off his farm and with him pass over to America. He appointed to meet her at a certain house ; she met him, and as she received his kiss, a number of armed men rushed from an adjoining room ; he was thrown down and hand cuffed, and carried off to gaol. His wife, who during her husband's absence at Botany Bay, had formed another connection, had betrayed kirn. Tried again before Lord Norbury, Brady was sentenced to Botany Bay for the second time. He added that the pleasant addendum of a recommendation to the authorities here to bang him when he arrived, was tacked on to his sentence ; but we must accept this Btateineut with a grain of salt. At any rate he was nob hanged ; and his uervices during a gale of wind which befell the vessel in which he was sent out, were so valuable, that on arrival, instead of hanging him, the Governor appointed him gatekeeper at the barracks at the top of King- street. When Father Tlierry arrived here, he ap pointed Brady gravedigger at the Devonshire street graveyard ; and he filled this situation for many years. His narrow escape from being burnt when St. Mary's was destroyed will be remembered by all. It formed a fitting inci dent iu the life of a man whose career had been one of danger and hardship, awl into whose life — long as ib lasted — there were crowded ad ventures by field aad flood, sufficient to supply a Dumas or a Scott with the material for a dozen romances. ? Of tho man's age there can be no doubt. Hi3 ' memory of trifling particulars cf his early vouth, and of circumstances of the period, ivaa too accurate t*- have been derived from ^a'lifcion or reading, He . wai in the tirime of life at Viae»aj: Hill j where he used. his pike 'rarely; and there are those now here themselves very old men, who recollect old Anthony when he first arrived in the colony as being then middle-aged. But as I have said there are some people who will not believe '? however strong the proof, and these people will of course pooh. pooh my story as an invention. If it be, its hero was the author. Benefit for the House of the Good Shepherd.— It will be seen by reference to our advertising columns that the Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, on behalf of the House of the Good Shepherd, acknowledges the receipt of £51 ga as the proceeds of the Benefit so generously given in aid of the funds, by the proprietors of the ?' Great Hibernicon.' The Catholics of the city and all who have the good of our Catholic institutions at heart, should feel very grateful to Messas, A. Scott and Co. ? and should manifest it in supporting them when they produce their new entertainment. Tie Sisters of the Good Shepherd have presented to the Proprietors of the c ' Hibernicon ' a large picture for the centre of the drop scene, beauti fully worked by themselves. On Wednesday last the ship, Duke of Athol, arrived in port, after a voyage of one hundred and six days. She bore to our shores six Catholic clergyman. When we see the rapid growth and extension of the Church east west, north, and south, we rejoice to find that now, as in the days of Columbanus, old Ireland is sending zealous labourers into the vineyard where they are so much required. It is console ing to know that this Australian Church has a spiritual source of nutriment and care in the dear old land of ' Doctors, Saints, and Sages.' The following are the names of the priests who arrived by the Duke of Athol :— Rev. AVm. Walsh, for the diocese of Brisbane ; and Fathers O'Callaghan, Sheehan, Cuishe, Fitzpatrick, aud Reid, for the diocese of Armidale. Mitchel Fund. — A meeting of persons favourable to the above fund took place at Mr. Mulry's Victoria Inn, Oxford street, on Monday evening last. Mr. J. P. Sweeney occupied the chair. The following gentlemen of the com mittee were present :— Messrs. O'Neill, Madden, Mulry, Kceshan, Moon, Crotty, and the Secre tary. Several others were in attendance. The Chairman made an eloquent address in behalf of the cause, advocating unity aud patriotism. Mr. U JNeill explained tnc progress ot tne move ment so far, which was very satisfactory. Ac counts were passed for publishing, &c;, and correspondence read from persons ia the country. Pressure of space prevents our publishing the lists of subscribers' names, which will appear ia our next. ' Let not tby left hand know what good thy right hand doebh, ' does not seem to be a maxim with bush missionaries. The ttorald of Wednesday, publishes (what only the nriesion ary himself could ha\e leported), the exacb number of miles travelled, books sold, tiacts distributed, and money realized by a bush mis sionary of the name of Anderson. Hs doesn't hide his light under a bushel. Amende. — we assure our contemporary, the Manaro Mercury, that it was purely by an accidental omission that we did not ackuow* ledge their report of Dr. Vaugban's visit. '? The Kev. Newman Hall's petition for divorce (says a receut telegram) has beou with drawn.' We should think so in face of the iu« junction of thab gospel of which he professes to be a minister 'what God hath joined, let no man putasuuder.' The Pamphlet on our Uneducated Children. — It is a common remark that at mis sionary meetings the wonders of statistics.siated vary as the distance. This has not been the case of the pamphet on Education dribbled about at the nomination of thejEasb Sydney elec tion. The writer of the pamphlet, probably a literary hack writing to order, has forgotten that there are only 128,000 children of school ape i-n the colony, that of these 92,018, are in school attendance according to the returns of the Council, and that, of the remainder, some twenty thousand at least _ are attending Grammar schools, private schools. &c.; or under private tuition. The writer of the pamphlet, by some wonderful trick 'of arithmetical legerdemain, would make out a total o 72,000 uneducated children in the city. The real total, it will be seen, is not more than 8000 at the most. Accident. — A man named Crouch, while under the influence of liquor, was knocked down in Oxford-street on Thursday evening hy a van, and received a very severe cut on the head. He was taken to a chemist's shop close by, where hia wound was dressed. Murhumbukrah. — We Burramjong ' Chronicle, have been requested to state that Mr, Hume, of Franbfield, Gunning, has given three guineas towards an harmonium, aud five guineas towards the Catholic Church at Murrain burrah. Ecclesiastical. — By a telegram re ceived from LondoD, dated July 15, we learn thab the debate in the House of Commons on the second reading of the Bill to restrain Ritu alism has been concluded. Tho motion was put and carried without division, and the bill has been read a seeoyd time. Another Fire at Chicago.— Another largo conflagration has taken place at Chicago. 13r telegram we learn that twenty-five ^blocks ot buildings were destroyed before the tire was extinguished. The estimated loss is 4,000,OOU dollars (£800,000.) _ „ Messers J. L. Montefiore,, T. K. Cox, J. White, Professor Smith, De Salis, and J. Frazer, have befn offeied and have accepted seats in the Legislative Council. Mr. Parkes was so strong a-gainst the system of conn neeisim. aud so-called eciUemptious nominees, eo long and so recently, that we congratulate him on this last piece of political consistency. 