We (Lancet) have more than once had occasion to remark on the thoroughness with which Dr/MacOormac, of Belfast, believes in " pre-breathed " air as the cause of consumption. He has, very lately, in a letter to Professor Rutherford^ re- peated the, statement of this delightfully simple doctrine. The Professor would seem to have made the statement than " an open window could seldom be endured in the night in this country." Dr. MacCormac retorts that it is not only endurable but enjoyable, and that his prac- tice is to sleep every night, winter and summer, betwixt the open door aud window, both widely open, the draught, rushing backwards and forwards as it lists. All his family does so. Nothing is more necessary than for physicians to preach the importance of sweet fresh air, especially in bedrooms. But sleeping between widely open door and window would certainly lead some people into a bronchitis or a pneumonia. It might save them from consumption, ' but if it killed them by a shorter disease, little would be gained. It is not necessary to incur one risk in order to escape another. All the. ingredients of corn, according to Leconte, may be utilized. The grain is, in the first place, to be saturated with a solution of caustic soda in large cisterns, and trans- ferred to cylindrical sieves ; then dipped in water, and ground in connection with a continuous stream of pure or somewhat caustic water. The quantity of soda, depending on its quality, the oily contents of the grain, and the tempe- rature, should be such as to saponify the oil of the grain 'while allowing the starch to appear solid and firm. The liquid, as it leaves the mill, passes over sieves, on which the germs, hulls, &c;, are retained while the starch and soap pass through and flow over large inclined surfaces, upon which the starch settles, and the dilute soap solution collects in cisterns. The starch is then washed with pure water ir cisterns, again passed through sieves into cisterns, allowee to settle twenty-four hours, and after drawing off the super natant liquid, removed and dried. Excellent soap may bc obtained from, the dilute solution, and the germs, &c;, car be utilized in paper manufacture. » A curious spiritualistic revelation is given by a Transat' lantic scientific contemporary :-" The spirit photograph! which pass current among credulous spiritualists for genuim .ghosts of the departed are produced in various ways. Tin latest and most scientific method is as follows :-The plaii back-ground screen, before which the sitter is placed.in orde: to have his portiait taken, is to be painted beforehand witl the form of the desired ' spirit,' the paint being composed o some solution of sulphate of quinine. When this paintinj ?dries on the screen it is invisible to the eye ;. but it sends ou rays that have power to impress the photo plate, and thu the image of the person, together with the quinine ghosi are simultaneously developed upon the negative." 