DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. The following is from the Sydney Morning Herald' t summary of English news brought. by the Austraksiau and American mail steamer Tartar:— St. Petersburg, January 23.— The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in the presence ef a vast assemblage ; of guests, in the Winter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired; the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the excep tion of the American Diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Chamberlains, and other officers of the Court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princ3ss of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who woie the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and Court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uni form of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Walesthe Ecarleb British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian CoJoneL All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Priuces3 was dressed in the Bame style. The Russian Princess's dress wai blue velvet aud gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. - All wore silver wedding favours. : The procession, up?n reaching -the Russian Church, was received by the Metro politan Head of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vesBela^Ith holy water. The Emperor con ducted tbe bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bride groom. The magnificent chapel was illumi nated with innumerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, crinuon, and gold carpet ; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the abcence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair — Prince Arthur holding the crown -over the Duke of Edinburgh, aud Prince Sergais that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said:—' Thou servaut of God, Alfred Ernest Edward', art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Mara Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and -23rd verse?, were read. ACfcer the reading was concluded the marriage at Cana of Galilee was read. The crowns were removed; and the married couple walked thrice round the raised dais, holding to the tip o! the Con fessor's robe with one hand and a caudle iu the other. At the conclusion of this 'cere mony the sacramental cup was brought for wjird, blessed, and partaken of by the bridal pair, the Confer, sor presenting the cro s, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang ' Glory to Thee, O Lord I' concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The pro cession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican ser vice. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated * with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnization of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Docior of Divi nity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surplice, with a'jeweHed collar of the Order of Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Botli the American aud the English colony were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspi cuous among them was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the Euglish Minister, and diplomatic officials. Many English officers, iu full costume, were also present. Especially notable was the vene rable Prince GortschakofF, surrounded by leading members of tbe Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in loug crnnsou -Ire&ses.; When the marriage procession eutered the bride walked between her father aud the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful ADglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Deau Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benedic tion, 'God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, bless, preserve, and keep you,' was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly- married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced ; the bridegroom grave, self-pos sesscd. The Princess of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. Tho German Crown Princess looked healthy— tho image :of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent1 terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel, the Empress of Russia being a con fined invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumi nation of the public squares took place, and the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraor dinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the -Emperor and officers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of tho happy couple, the Emperor being present. The Rainfall. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same hour on Monday at the undermentioned places: — Adelaide ? 0*140 Strathalbyn ... 0*350 Gawler ? 0*420 Gumeraeha ... 0920 Tanund3 ? 0*300 Willuuga ? 0315 Blanchetown ... 0*120 Norinanyille ... 0-115 Kapunda ? 0250 Port Elliot ... 0-210 Auburn ? 0*150 G*oolwa ? 0140 Wallaroo ? 0*250 McGrath's Flat 0*080 ?Moonta ? 0*210 Robe ... ... 0110 Clare ? 0-200 Mount Gambler 0 220 Burra ? 0*220 Fenola ... ... 0*300 Melroso ? 0*020 Narracoorte ... OfoO Mount Barker... 0-265 Georgetown .:. 0-100 Quoits.— A quoit match took phca on the South Park on Saturday, March 21, b.-fween two workmen from' Messrs. Wills tc 'Jo.'* Boot Factory and a like number from the Pantheon Factory. The contest resulted' in & victory for the former. Messrs. W. Pepper and E. .1. Payne represented Wills & Co., and Messrs. H. Pepper and G. Hicks the Pantheonitei.; 