The Dream Woman.' I A MYSTERY IN FOUR NARRATIVES, i j Bl YY'iikiL Cor I was THE THIRD NARRATIVE. THE STORY CONTINUED BY PERCY , FAIRBANK. Cuii'ini XlYr. ' AY'i took leave of h minis Rai on at the door of Farleigh Hall, with the understanding that he might expect to hear from us again. The same night Alix 1 au bunk and I had a discussion in the sanctuary) of our own room The topic was The Ostler B Still and the question in dispute between us turned on the use some of charitable duty that he owed to the Ostler himself The new 1 took of the man h mu rain e was of the purely matter-of-fact kind is arms River had, in my opinion blooded over the misty connection between his and angry die out and his late wife until his mind was in a state of partial delusion on that subject I was quite willing to help him with a title of money, and to recommend him to the kindness of an) inner, if he may call) me an) dingo and granted the ice There my idea of my duty to naidH this afflicted poison begin and mild Confronted with this sensible men of the writer, Alas lan banks romantic temperament lushed us usual into extremes "I should no illino think of losing sight of 1 ruins Ran on when his next birthday) clines found, says my wife, than I should think of laying down a good story with the first chapters round Emu positively determined, Policy, to take him back with us, when no return to i me, in the capacity of gi (loin AUnit does one must live in less among the horses mitta to people as he is we do' In this column the public of my yo) 2 and see rows I'm on perfectly intend to able to ei ei) thing that I could say on the side of common sense Need I tell my married bullum lion it ended! Of course I allowed my wife to in white mi, and spoke to her simply Of I miss my wife turned her face may hauling unit) in the conjugal dim, and burst into tens Of course, upon that, "Ah under the Nurses, and "Miss find his own n ii Before the neck it out Mr i nee old to Undcibillige, and daily offered to Flinders River is lillico in our suffer as supiiiiiinioiaiy gloom At last the poor fellow seemed h fully able to realise his own even ordinary good for time He can sing himself, he expressed his gratitude in silently and low Among) May I thank s early swing values swallowed as usual at her lips She Bill is to him alone in In mum 1 nines, as if the wind, grey headed ostler li id him a child "Such a deal of house, dinners, and such pretty girl dies i Stnblis ten times as big as your stable lieu , quite a choice of rooms for you You must been the name of one house it is called Maison refuge Our nearest town is not YVo me within a walk of the beautiful mci Yfoselle And when no issue a change we have only to take the i alway to their outlet, and find our coins in Germany " Listiiung so far, with a very bewildered face, 1 I miss him ted Had changed color whom my wife I need (I in one of her last sentence "C el in my he repeated "Yes Dies Germany remind you of anything the ostler a ojiH linked down sadly on the genius! "Guiuiuiy reminds me of my wife,' he replied " Indeed How" She once told me she had lived in Germany -ling lot in I knew her the time when when is a young girl' " was she hung with relations or friends '" She was hung as governess in a foreign family "In this put of Germany) '" " I don t remember, um am I doubt if she told me I "Did she tell you the name of the family i" "Yes, mines It was a fair age name, and it has slipped my memory) long time the head of the family was a wine grower in a large way by of business a number time "Did j in him what sort of mile he grew finds no time given us in our neighborhood Was it Moselle wine " I could t si), admit! I doubt if I del heard a here the coin is in a di op] evil YVc long ago d to ciiiiinuniuile with 1 names li been before our of left I lighted, and took our lead I li 11 no idea my and arguments to pay out i mind of visits to 1 English li lands, and until! it to AlaiHou li mi in the binnum On the c of of departing , ultimo still! rules in connection in with the man eagerness of hime ! indeed property if mine in his md of Aged is to (din of [land liisliiilnf g King back to our house in Burnie in (15 minutes, was only a tinned i make two b for Christmas 11 mere River compare 1 His end was duly established, in the nominal hp letty of stable helper, making the best lands it At lines Rough But as long a mc (f Un objections to taking him into our nil) 1 lying, which I li id of design, and had vainly mentioned to my wife faced thiniBilvcs on our attention in no an) ague into form II arms Ran in filled (is I had fined he would) to given in a fairly with his following I met Beyond all 1 touch , and at one of them undent hhI J English I a man, in his side, W 13 coldly lgllOl left (f 1 ICllcIl lIlSUHCllcd m film is, in an unholy telling uncut, in a hut by myself told against him On his hints called him the English Head He grew widely known in the neighborhood finds his neck incline Qu meals to k place ending once or twice in blows it became plain, even to Miss I can make herself that some wise change must be made While he was still considering what the end urge M is to be the unfortunate ostler was thrown on our li unit, of it some time to come, by in accident in the stable Still pursued by his private bud will link, the poor wretches leg was broken by a kick from a horse He was attended to by our own surgeon, in his comfort able Indi room at the stables As the date of his hut Unity drew near he was still confined to his be 1 Physically speaking, he was doing Jory will Arn ally speaking, the surgeon was not satisfied 1 risings It then was suffering under »oinoacknow lodged mental disturbance, which interfered seriously with his fist at night Hearing this, I thought it my duty to tell the medical litten dint what was playing on the patient's mind As a practical man he shared my opinion that the ostler it is in a state of delusion on the subject of his wife and his Di cum "Cumble delusion, in my or upon, the surgeon folded, " if the expel ment could be fairly tried " " How can it be to ltd '" I asked Instead of a reply mg, the surgeon put a question to me on his side "Do you happen to know," he sad, "that this year is Leap Year?" "Mrs Fair bank reminded me of it yesterday, I answered "Otherwise I might not have known it" "Do you think Francis Rau of knows that this year is Leap Y'm /" (I began to see dimly what my friend was driving at ) "It depends," I answered, on whether he his got an English film mac Suppose he has not got the almanac wh it then ?" " In that case, pursued the surgeon, " It ends Rai en is innocent of all suspicion that there is a twenty ninth day in February this year As a necessary consequence what will he do He will anticipate the appearance of the AY'onnn with the Knife at 2 in the morning on the twenty-ninth of February, instead of the first of Mai eli Let him suffer till superstitious terrors on the wrong day Leave him on the day that is really his birthday to pass a perfectly quiet night, and to be as sound asleep as other people at 2 in the morning And then, when he w ikes comfortably in time for his breakfast, thama him out of his delusion by telling him the truth" ' I'nlilMieit the special arrangement with the author Mr rights reserved , I agreed to try the experiment. Leaving the surgeon to caution Mrs. Fairbanks the subject of Leap Year, I went to the stables to see Keen in Raven, - 2 2s, Curates XV. This poor follow was full of forebodings of the fate in store for him on the ominous first of March, He eagerly entreated me to order one of the men- servants to sit up with him on the birthday morning. In granting his request, t asked him to tell me on which day of the week his birthday fell. He reckoned the days on his fingers; and proved his innocence of all suspicion that it was Leap Year by fixing on the twenty-ninth of February, in the full persuasion that it was the first of March. Pledged to try the surgeon's experiment, I left his enor under rected, of course. In so doing, I took my first step blindfold towards the last act in the drama, of the Ostler's Dienin. The next day brought with it a little domestic difficulty, which indirectly and strangely associated itself with the coming end. My wife received a letter, inviting us to assist in celebrating the "Silver Wedding" of two worthy German neighbors of ours-Mr. and Mrs. lloldhuimer. Mr. Heldheinier was a large wine-grower on the banks of the Moselle. His house was situated on the frontier line of France and Germany and the distance from our house was suH'eioutly considerable to make it necessary for us to sleep under our host's roof. Under these circumstances, if we accepted the invita- tion, a comparison of dates showed that wa should be away from home on the morning of the first of Match. Mrs. Fairbank holding to her absurd resolution to see with her own eyes what might, or might not happen to Francis Raven on his birthday flatly declined to leave Maison Rouge. " It's easy to send an excuse she said, in her off-hand manner. I failed, on my part, to see any easy way put of the difficulty. The celebration of a "Silver Wedding" in Germany is the celebration of twenty-five years of happy married life and the host's claim upon the consideration of his friends on such an occasion is something in the nature of a Royal command." After considerable discussion, finding my wife's obHtinaey in- vincible, and feeling that the absence of both of us from the festival would certainly ollbndrouc friends, I left ST ra. Fairbank to make her excuses for herself and directed her to accept the invitation so far as I was concerned. In so doing, I took my second step, blindfold, towards the last act in the calling of the Ostler's Dream. A week elapsed the last days of February were at times. Another domestic difficulty happened and again, this event also proved to be strangely associated with the coming end. My head groom at the stables and one Joseph.. Itigobert. He was an ill- conditioned fellow, inordinately vain of his personal appearance, and by no means scrupulous in his conduct with, women. His one virtue consisted in his fond- ness for horses, and in the care he took of the animals under his charge. In a word, he was; too good a groom to be easily replaced, or he would have quitted my services long since. On the occasion of which 111111 now writing he was reported to me by my steward are growing girls and disorderly in his habits. The principal offence alleged against him was that he had been seen that day in the city of Metz, in the com " pany of 11 woman supposed to be an English, ? woman), whom he was entertaining at 11 taverns when he ought to have been on his way back, '"?.?, to Maison Rouge. The man's defence was that "Ibu lady" (as he called our) lies an English. stronger, unacquainted with the ways of the place, and that he had only shown her where she could obtain some refreshment, at her own request. I administered the necessary reprimand without troubling myself to enquire further into the matter. In failing to do this I took my third step, blindfold, towards the best net in the drama of the Ostler's Dream. On the evening of the twenty-eighth I informed the servants at the stables that one of them must watch through the night by the Englishman's bedside. Joseph Itigobert in- the, mediately volunteered for the duty as a means, And; no doubt, of winning his way back to my favorite WaMi 1 accepted his proposal. "evils." That day the surgeon dined with us. Towards midnight he and I left the stiiuliing-ruoiii, and repaired to Francis Raven's bedside. Rigoberfe was at his post willi 110 very agreeable express 'sion 011 his face, The Frenchman and the Englishman had evidently not got on well together, so far. Francis. Raven lay helpless on his bed, waiting silently for 2 in the morning, and the Die.im-lVoiiiaii. "1 have come', Francis, to bid you good-night," I said cheerfully. " To-morrow 11101 ning I shall look in at breakfast time, before I leave home on II journey " Thank you for all your kindness, sir. You - will not see me alive to-morrow morning. She was will find me This time. Mark my words, -sir 'it will find me this time." " My good fellow ! she couldn't find you in Kitghiiid. How in the world is she to find your .' in Flauen .'" .' $.., " It's borne on my mind, sir, that she will t '' find me here. Al 2 in the 11101 ningún my birth- day I shall see her again, and see her for the last time." ( " Do you mean that she will kill you ?" " I mean that, sir. She will kill me with. the knife." " And with Rigobort in the room to protect you is " I am a doomed num. Fifty Rigoberta couldn't protect life." " And yet you wanted somebody to sit up with you .'" . yAl; " Mere weakness, sir. I don't like to be left -all alone on my death-bed." ' ,, ,.'J?i as I looked at the Hiugeou. If he had encouraged!!:.-? -a , mu I hIiouIiI certainly, out of sheer compassion,' * * have confessed to Frances Raven the trick that J> we were playing him. The surgeon hold to his experiment ; the surgeon's face plainly said-it "No." '. i. The next day (the twenty-ninth of February 4. was the day of the Silver Wedding. The first thing in the morning, I went to Francis Raven's room. Itigobert met me at the door. " How has he passed the night I" I asked. "saying his prayers and looking for ghosts," Itigobert answered. "A lunatic asylum is the only proper place for him." I approached the bedside. 'Well, Francis, here you are, wife and sound, in spite of what you said to me last night." 1 his eyes rested on mine with a vacant, wondering look. "I don't understand it," he said. to " Did you see anything of your wife when the clock struck 21" > 'matter "No, sir." 'wrist "Did anything happen ?" - -ft "Nothing happened, sir." , J 13 "Doesn't this satisfy you that' you were wrong?" . , ' His eyes still kept their vacant,' wondering look. He only repeated the words he had spoken already : . " I don't understand it." I made a last attempt to cheer him.' " Come, come, Francis keep a good heart. You will be out of bed in a fortnight." " £5 He shook his head on the pillow, : "There's something wrong," he said. " I don't expect: you to believe me, sir. I only say there's some :#> thing wrong-and time will show it." I left the room. Half an hour later I started for Mr. Boldlieimer'« house, leaving the arrangements for the morning of the first of March to. the hands of the doctor and my wife. Spr.ING berries by the foot is a new idea, the offspring of a Milwaukee girl's brain. The young lady, who was on a marketing expedition, desired to purchase some berries wherewith to add zest to her evening repast, but she wouldn't! trust the beautiful little boxes which the grocers with pleasing fiction called "quarts." She wanted full Scriptural measure, and proposed to the dealer to adopt her shoe is the standard of quantity. Visions of Cinderella floated through, the huckster's brain, and in a moment of forgetfulness the deluded man accepted the proposition. Off came the shoe, and in went the , . berries. Box followed box, until the dealers with sadness in his eyes and half his stock in that a? girl's shoe, gently waved his purchaser away, and closed up his shop. A Utica paper, ridiculing the ridiculous little county fairs which make no effort at good shows, says that the Clearfield Fair consisted of a calf, a goose, and a pumpkin. It rained so .. hard the first night that the goose swain off, the calf broke loose and ate the pumpkin, nn^.%" , thief prowling around stole the calf, and tSaV ended the fair. 