Our New Zealand Letter. AUCKLAND, August 15. I TOUCH upon colonial politics but slightly. After all, there is not much I am able to enlighten you upon. Our Premier, the Hon. Julius Vogel, with other politicians and statesmen, have come to the conclusion that fewer Governments will be much more economical to manage and more satisfactory to the people. So he has begun with the North Island, and in a set of resolutions he proposes to consolidate the whole of the pro vinces under one Government—the seat of the North Island legislature to be placed in Auckland, while Wellington is to be the Central Govern ment of the colony. Mr. Vogel allows the South Island to retain its provincial institutions, at least for the present He discovers that he will re quire all or as many votes as he can obtain from southern members to assist him in carrying his policy for the consolidation of the North Island Provinces. Of course it will appear somewhat anomalous to your readers, if they trouble themselves to give any consideration to the matter, that one part of New Zealand should remain under Provincial Governments and another part under a Central Government Mr. Vogel feels that he will not be strong enough to fight against a double Opposition, so he takes them " one down and the other come on." In a few years New Zealand will be governed as are other colonies—that is, from one common centre — a principle which I hope the columns of your journal will always en deavor to maintain. The fault of modern legislation appears to be that there is too much of it — too much making of laws—too much cumbrous machinery—too many governing powers, and consequently too many centres of corruption. We have been making laws with such rapidity, session after session, that our most studious lawyers say that it is impossible to master them in detail. In | illustration of this, I may mention a somewhat laughable circumstance which occurred in one of our lower Courts the other day. A man was charged with a breach of the police ordinance, and his plea was that he did not know of such a law being iu existence. " That, sir," said the worthy magistrate, "is no excuse. Every man is bound to know the law, or he must ex pect to take the consequences." " Your worship," said the defendant's solicitor, " may I take the liberty of asking whether you know all the laws which have been ! made by the Colonial Parliament during the | hist five years V " Indeed I do not," was the ■ reply. " I have not sufficient leisure to keep cur !rent with those which are being passed from time to time. I don't believe that our most learned and laborious Judges know them. They i may have read them ; but then can one-half of I the clauses of one-half of the Acts which have | become law admit of intelligent interpretation '. I I trow not. I have no doubt the defendant in ! this case did not know the law. I don't know whether I quite understand it myself. But thede f endant is fined £5, and must bear the costs of the Court prosecution. It's very hard on M"\ lam quite sure, but I cannot help it I should much like to see a abort bill carried through Parliament, enacting that no more Acts shall be made until all «™*ing ones were indexed, tabu lated, and explained, so that ordinary men could be made to understand their meaning and intent." When I tell you that the nine Provinces of New Zealand and the General Government have on their Statute Books no less than 2300 Acts, or Acts repealed, or Acts amended, since Pro vincial Governments and a General Government were ushered into existence, I cannot help thinking that a man would sooner be able to discover who his father was than he would be able to understand all that he may or must not do to keep within the law. I need hardly say there will be a strong oppo sition to the consolidation of the Provinces of the North Island. Instead of four Superinten dents, with good fat salaries voted them, there will be only one head. Instead of four each of provincial treasurers, provincial solicitors, gold fields secretaries, chief engineers, surveyors-in chief, there will only be one. Instead of a hun dred clerks and as many assistant clerks there will only need to be ten. The Provincial Civil Service will be out of joint and dismembered. There is not a man who earns or receives, (for many receive who do not earn) a sovereign directly or indirectly from the Pro vincial Government, but what will oppose the sweeping alterations contemplated by our Pre mier. The State Forests Bill has, with some amend ment, passed into law. It is proposed to plant forest trees, and to make the felling of timber a source of colonial revenue. The great Polynesian scheme has been with drawn for the present In a postscript I shall possibly have to inform you either that the present Ministry will be superseded by another, or that the Premier will demand a dissolution, as Ministers have declared their intention to stand or fall upon their policy of consolidation of Governments. The question of eternal or non- eternal punish ment is being hotly discussed in our debating rooms and public balk. It has raged in the news papers, and is a long way from dying out at the time I write. I suppose you would rather be without my opinion on the subject. But if you are fond of anything calculated to bring out the warmth of some men's feelings, just propose the subject of eternal punishment for public discussion, at the same time adding a couple of additional hands to your reporting staff. We have purchased a vessel to be used as a training ship, to which the " gutter" children, and juvenile criminals and delinquents are to be sent for conversion into Bailors. The experiment has succeeded elsewhere, and we look to it suc ceeding here. You see Auckland was not so very long ago a barrack town, with thousands of soldiers commanded by " officers and gentlemen." When the several regiments were withdrawn, the men—a good many of them—went away with their public-house scores not wiped out. " The officers and gentlemen," some of them, merely left children, with mothers without a wedding ring on their finger to nourish, clothe, and house them. Some mothers couldn't; others wouldn't; and so not a few of them became gutter chil dren, and we are now going in for turning the sons of soldiers into sailors. _ A very remarkable case of salvage has occu pied the public mind for some days past, as you would come to understand if you read our local journals. On a beautiful clear morning about a month »r five weeks back, an immigrant ship— the Miltiades, sailed into our waters, and in going about touched the ground some time before it was high water. Well, a little thirty or forty ton steamer named the Lady Bowen, which carries passengers to a favorite watering-place, was pass ing at the time, and she made for the ship in difficulties, and at the request of the captain a kedge anchor is carried out some little distance. The ship is warped off by her crew, and in due time was brought up with her living freight without taring sustained the slightest damage, while the little pleasure steamer went on her way. The captain of the M'lt»iyfom thought it was possible he might be called upon to pay some ten or twenty pounds for the small service rendered, but you may judge of his surprise when he received his little bill two or three days subsequently from the owner of the Lady Bowen, making » charge of £10,340 for services rendered by his steamer to the Miltiades. At first it was thought by the captain and the ship's agents that the thing was a joke ; but the owner of the Lady Bowen said it was no joke whatever, but a purely business transaction; that was all and nothing more. Would the agents oblige him with a cheque for the amount ? But the agents refused to do any* thing of the kind. Then commenced certain initiatory law proceedings ; but these were with drawn, as it was mutually agreed that the claim should be decided by arbitration. Fire arbitrators and an umpire were chosen; witnesses summoned and there were bets whether the award would be £20 or £50 or £100 ; but bets were not made for any larger amount Every man was out in his calculation, for the arbitrators gave a claim against the MfltUdea for £1625 ; and this claim has had to be paid. The enquiry was con ducted with closed doors ; and although the public and the newspaper press have asked for the evidence to be published, that it may be seen how the arbitrators arrived at their verdict, the request has been refused. The total value of the Lady Bowen may be a trifle over £800. The weather was fine at the time, and the sea quite calm when assistance was given to carry out a kedge anchor. No lives were endangered, and no difficulties had to be encountered. I don't blame the owner of the Lady Bowen mak ing a large claim. I should have done it myself under the circumstances, if I had had sufficient presence of mind ; so would you, and it would not avail if you said otherwise. But Ido blame those who made the award, although there is no reason whatever to doubt but that it was made I in all good conscience. In social matters we go on very smoothly in deed. One man was killed in a prize fight a week ago ; and one woman was pounded to a jelly by her husband, because she was drunk and had scalded her child, which, by -the way, was not his child. He got three months. A man or two has been killed on the West Coast of the Middle Island, by the caving in of earth; two or three have been drowned by floods in the same district In one of the Councils in exactly the same province, councillors call each other liars, but don't fight Two girls a fort night since, fell out about a man —it's gene rally two men fall out about a — when one attempted to poiaon herself while the other, shocked at the occurrence, hero ically gave up the man, and refused to have any thing to do with him. A boy has been convicted of placing a large stone on the line of the Can terbury Railway. He was taken up and brought before the Magistrates at Christchurch, but he had been previously " taken up " by his father, and rendered utterly unfit for a sitting posture for a lengthened period of time. The father pleaded for the boy, stating that he had " not quite done with him yet" The boy was libe rated upon sureties being entered into. Upon being questioned as to his motives, the lad said he wanted to see what would happen. Fortu nately nothing happened to the train, but I hope the boy is yet under the impression that a great deal more than he cared for happened to him. Beyond these little matters, we have been going on very quietly indeed. What may happen to a statesman in New Zealand I should like permission in a few brief sentences to relate. The Hon. W. Fox is a man whose fame, extending throughout the whole of the colouies, reached England, and in time be came European. For many years he has been a member of the General A*wenibly, and for a long time held the Premiership aud other high offices. He was a man whose opinion always carried great weight. He was at once orator and states man — a brilliant orator, and a statesman of large views, a ripe scholar, a philan thropist, a true lover of the colony, a man much and most deservedly esteemed. The name of Fox, Premier, statesman, and philan thropist, was never mentioned without a feeling of profound respect. He is respected still, but he is scarcely a shadow of bia former self. His brilliant intellect has been destroyed by—strong drink ( No, by water ! He has for the past three years been seized with a " craze." He has turued Teetotaller, become Rechabite;' has been initiated as a Good Templar, and has taken a degree in the order which draws upon half the letters of the alphabet to de scribe. Mr. Fox has for a long period past thrown politics to the wind, and devotes the long hours of the day and the small hours of the night to the reform of the licensing system. I take his last speech from " Hansard," and here is what it contains. There shall be no women serve in the bus of public- hoQMt or hot*!*. If he does not succeed in this, he will more that no woman under thirty shall act aa barmaid. If this fail, he will move that barmaid* shall come under the Factory Act He will also move that all bar fronts shall be bo constructed that all who are drinking within shall be seen by those from without No dances are to be allowed in hotels, not even when the landlord and landlady give a few invitations on the occasion of a daughter's birthday or wedding. There is to be no drink at the rail way stations, and no steam-packet licenses. There are to be no public-houses in country dis tricts (where they are most wanted) if a certain number of females vote against it, and printed forms of voting papers are to be for warded to females to fill in. Mr. Fox brings these proposals forward in the shape of resolu tions or amendments, only to see them lost one after another in succession by a large ma jority voting against them. All that I tell you would go for but little if it were sot the out come of him who, until lately, was looked upon as a brilliant statesman—the greatest New Zea land ever possessed. Need I say that Mr. Fox has his followers, but just a trifle different in intelligence and weight to those who bent before him in days not, after all, bo very long gone by. , Auckland, August 20. , I have not much to say, and but little time to say it in. This fact may probably be a source of gratification to your readers. ' You have, of course, heard of the break-down ' of the San Francisco mail contract, but I do not I think you will have heard the true cause. The following explains much, if not all, and comes ' from the fountain head. Mr. Thomas Russell, ! who was sent home with power to act for the ' colony in conjunction with Mr. Saul Samuel, representing New South Wales, explains that, had he and his colleague been free to choose their contractors, they would have j made arrangements with a company that would j not have been afraid to lose £50,000 in starting I the undertaking. But then they could not do this, their hands being so tied. Mr. Hall had, in fact, the contract in his pockets, and he would not admit any person to participate in it but \ those who would allow him the full manage ment And so it was that Mr. Thomas Russell and Mr. Saul Samuel had to do the best they could under such adverse pressure brought to bear on them. These two gentlemen did reject ; several names submitted to them by Mr. Hall, and when that of Mr. Forbes was accepted it was only after the most careful enquiry as to his means and ability to fulfil the contract Well, the affair has broken through, and now it is suggested that the Peninsular and Oriental Company take up the service ; and indeed and in truth I do not know to what other quarter at the present time we could look. This company has run the Suez line in the most satisfactory manner, their boats invariably arriving in Melbourne waters three or four days before they are due. It is a powerful company, always in a position and ever desirous of fulfil ling their engagements. With the Suez service in full swing, a second one rid San Francisco might, I think, be arranged (New South Wales, of course, joining in) without much difficulty, or at a cost anything in excess of that which was to be paid under the contract just broken through. Perhaps Victoria could be induced to go with the proposal, and aid with a subsidy or share in the annual coat I have not sufficient influence to detain the Hero a few hours or I would furnish you with the result of the great debate now going on in the general Assembly, for abolishing the North Island Provinces and bringing them under a central Government Ministers are certain of carrying their measure by a large majority. The North Island Provinces being governed under one head control, it will follow almost as a matter of necessity that the South Island Provinces should be dealt with in the same manner. Then will our Colonial Govern ment be like unto other Governments. Many anomalies will cease to exist ; provincial jealousies will die out, and when we have grievances to redress—and we have got any number of these in infinite variety and well assorted—we shall at least know the quarter at which we must apply. The General Govern ment wQI not then be able to answer and say it is a matter for your Provincial Government to deal with, and the Provincial Government will not be in existence to shift their responsibility on to a Road Board or City Council. Under one Government we shall still have left us quite enough to complain of, with so many wrongs to try and make right, that ample room will be left to admit of much growling, and that being an Englishman's delight, it is not a thing he will permit himself to be deprived of. So long as we can always establish a " row," we shall live con tent and blessed. In matters social and domestic, we are taking a decided lead. We have a Burial Bill before the Assembly, which will pass. This bill allows full liberty of the subject when alive to say how he shall be disposed of when dead. The follow ing resolution was carried in the Assembly last night by 16 to 10 :—" That it shall be lawful for any person, by will or deed duly executed, todirect that his or her body shall be disposed of after death by burning the same to ashes instead of burial in the earth." There i* a proviso inserted to the effect that the " burning " shall be done in a I "business and thoroughly workmanlike man ner." In fact, we are at liberty to " incremate" ourselves at option. This burning, I think, anticipates too much, and is altogether too sug gestive to meet with general approval. There is no poetry in the idea of being turned into cinder and ash. Where will be the " railed mound," tended by the weeping widow mourning over the husband's grave, and water ing with her tears the sweet odorous flowers she has planted, while catching her death of cold in the chill of early morn. Where, O where but I will not dwell at length upon the subject You would only " excise "it upon the ground that you were not going to pay for second-hand sentiment which is to be obtained out of any shilling edition of "Penny Readings." I have often asked myself what sort of burial I should prefer when I shuffle off the mortal coil, and have always come to the conclusion that I would much prefer not being burned at all, but would just like to be allowed to remain as I am. It's much better to let well alone. The colony continues to prosper, immigrants to arrive, the imports to increase, the debentures to sell, the companies to declare dividends. Cost of living rises, so do wages and earnings. We go in for big things and all is well that ends welL It is nothing to me, nor to thousands who have nothing to lose but who may gain something in a scramble. Men with large estates ( and much property and a good deal of money, looking ahead of them, look serious. Serve 'em right, I say. Why should they not allow poor miserable creatures to share in their respon sibility ? We have had no incendiaries, no murders, no robberies; and the police, for doing nothing, have had a shilling a day increase to their in comes. Auckland, August 25. The Ministry have carried their resolutions by forty-one votes to sixteen for abolishing the Provinces of the North Island and forming it into one Government, to be con trolled at Wellington, with a resident Minister in Auckland. We are very indignant here—some of us. Aud Mr. Vogel with the Auckland mem bers who voted with him were burnt in effigy last Saturday night, on the Barrack Hill. About 5000 {>ersons were present lam much inclined to think that a strong feeling will yet set in in favor of the dismemberment of the provinces. It is stated that in the next Parliament the con solidation of the South Island Provinces will be brought about I have no doubt of it myself. It will be the first step to making our borrowing securities good upon the Stock Exchange. I have nothing to relate beyond two attempts at 1 murder. One was that of a man who tried to choke his mate and afterwards carry off his wife as a widow. The other was where a woman dropped her baby into a water- hole accidentally, but made no effort to pick it out This was done by a schoolboy passing at the moment. Both attempts, it will be seen, proved failures. The man would-be murderer has escaped for the present. Nothing has been done to the woman. Murdering by accident does not count in down this way. Ax audacious interference with the progress of events has been perpetrated in Grafton. Some villain, for whom, we fear, nothing would be too hot or too heavy, has stolen the time gun. The townspeople are indignant at the wanton proceeding, and propose offering £50 reward. Meantime the police are endeavoring to trace the offenders. I Now that spirits of all kinds are emigrating from Europe and America to Sandhurst, Btawell, and head centres of the new religion, it is not surprising that a ghost should have appeared in Sydney. The scene of the apparition was the very unromanttc locality of Gipps-street, and the supernatural visitant is described as being ex tremely ugly. The first person to whom it appeared ran for assistance, and found another man, to whom he showed the ghost " Ah, it is a spirit, sure enough. Let's break its head with . a bottle." This was too much, and the shadow I vanished into thin air. As this strange Btory 1 actually appears in print, it is just as worthy of credit as the narratives' with which the spiritual ist journals are crowded. Mr. Tyerman ought | to be able to make a great deal of this new mani ; festation.—"Atticua," in the Leader. '- I recollect (says " Atticus" in the Leader) j upon one occasion remonstrating with a young friend of mine who was making presents of un . usual value to a young lady to whom he was engaged. " Well, you see, it does not matter much. If we get married they will all be mine I again. If we quarrel she will, as a matter of I course, give them back to me." A gentleman in : New Zealand recently acted upon the same prin ; ciple, and loaded a lady connected with the i English Opera Company with valuable jewel lery. But the swain sighed in vain, and the ! lady, even if she loved, proposed to sail away. I This did not suit the swain, who rushed down I to the wharf, and demanded either that the I young lady should make him happy, or that she , should return the diamonds. There was some i talk of ducking the pursuing lover, but the girl | acted like a woman of sense, and gave the jewel- I lery back again, only too glad to get rid of her admirer at the price. Readers of Dickens will recollect (says the j Pleasant Creek News) the scruples of Mr. Omer, I the undertaker in " David Copperfield," as to j enquiring after the state of his sick friends on account of his calling making such attention seem doubtful compliments. Mr. Omer never came to Victoria, or he would have found that such difficulties are easily overcome with us. In I a town that bean so close a resemblance to ; Stawell that it may easily be mistaken for it, a : certain member of the community recently joined a friendly society, and became a properly affiliated " brother" of the order. In course of time he fell sick, and the two officers of the lodge whose duty it is to visit the sick in their affliction called on him. To the surprise of the invalid he found that of the two brethren thus takiag an interest in his welfare on behalf of the lodge one was an undertaker, and the other the local sexton. This double-barrelled reference to the possible outcome of the complaint was so suggestive that the sick man could not enjoy the j visit, and is reported to have "declared off" the sick fund without delay. Residents of Wellington, if they were to rely upon the theory of a correspondent of the Southern Crois, would have reason to have very serious apprehensions as to their future in this mundane sphere. He says :—" During the year 1873, there were forty-seven earth quakes recorded in New Zealand ; of these thirty-five were experienced in the province of Wellington, twelve in the town of Wellington, and twenty-three, at Wanganui Throughout the length and breadth of the rest of the colony only twelve shocks were experienced ; three at Taranaki, five at Nelson, one at Christchurch, one at Bealey (in the Province of Canterbury), one at Hokitika, and one at Queenstown, in Otago. It would seem that the province of Wellington is becoming more and more quaky as the slumbering fires in Tongariro become less active. It is the opinion of many that the intensity and frequency of earthquakes in Wellington will increase as Tongariro and White Island become less active, just as earthquake* become fearfully destructive and frequent when the fires of Vesuvius slumbered several centuries ago. The prospect before Wellington is, there fore, anything but cheering. Destruction has been effected by these earthquakes before now, and the coast line raised many feet. Similar disturbances may therefore be anticipated for the future." Proposed Railway from Port Adelaide to Murray River.—After a three days' debate the Legislative Council has emphatically pronounced in favor of connecting Port Adelaide with the Murray by means of a railway. Not content with passing a bald resolution similar to that affirmed by the Assembly some weeks ago, they have called upon the Government to seek im | mediate authority for the construction of the line. The Commissioner of Crown Lands en deavored to prevail upon the House to strike out the words requiring action to be taken this session, but his proposition was not entertained. Unless, therefore, the Government are prepared to disregard the views of the Upper House, ex pressed in the most formal and emphatic Bhape they can assume, a bill will have to be brought in at an early date to authorise the formation of the railway. It is noteworthy that with a single exception the whole of the speeches have been on one aide, and that in the end the motion of the Hon. Mr. Hay was carried unanimously. The discussion has been of an exceedingly in teresting and able character, and the informa tion presented and arguments advanced cannot fail to be of service in educating the public mind up to the necessity for the work. The resolutions contain no mention of a particular route, but the general tendency of the debate, particularly during its later stage*, was in favor of the line to the Murray Bridge via Mount Barker.— B. A. Register. The Melbourne correspondent of the 8. M. Herald writes :—" We have one shining light in our Legislative Council who will not consent to be eclipsed, either by being hidden under a bushel or any other method. He is the son of one who in by-gone years did good Bervice to the colony, and earned a high reputation as our Chief Justice. The wisdom of the father, how ever, is not always inherited by the Bons. The distinguished senator, of whom I am now speak ing, secured a leading article to himself in each of the Melbourne journals on Thursday last, by giving notice on the previous evening of his in tention to move :—' That it is desirable that the public should be in possession tt correct reports of the proceedings and debates in this House ; it is hereby resolved that no reports of such proceedings and debates (" Hansard" excepted) shall be published in any newspaper published in Victoria under any heading pur porting that such report is a full, true, and par ticular report of such proceedings as aforesaid, and that only such full reports as above shall be published as shall be furnished by the " Han sard" reporters, or such abstracts of such re port* as shall be certified to by the Clerk of the Legislative Council, and there be no provision made for reporters other than the " Hansard" staff in this House.' It is not at all improbable that this gentleman's dissatisfaction with the reporters may obtain for him a few verbatim reports, which will please him still less. If any man in the House is under an obligation to. the Press for its forbearance it is Mr. W. A. C. a'Beckett." The Southern Crou writes thus about Fijian finance :—" When Consul Layard and Commo dore Goodenough went to Fiji a few months ago, as commissioners from the British Govern ment to make arrangements for annexing the Fiji Islands to the British Empire, one of their first duties was to enquire into the financial condition of the then Government. The result of the enquiry they instituted was that they found the Government of Fiji had outrun the constable some £90,000. On the islands being formally ceded to Britain, Consul Layard established a Provisional Go vernment, pending a reply of the British Govern ment to the cession made. Since then the government of the island has been going on more peaceably than formerly, and, by the lately published Treasurer's * statement of the revenue and expenditure for the quarter from the Ist of April to the 30th June, 1874,' it would seem, in matters of finance, success fully. These three months form the first quarter under the Provisional Government. During that time the revenue collected has been at the rate of £24,772 a year, and the legitimate and ordinary expenditure was found to be £3856 per quarter, or at the rate of £14,624 per annum. This would show that the present revenue is some £10,000 in excess of the annual expenditure, a surplus which, with judicious care, should soon enable the Govern ment to pay off its liabilities. During the quarter embraced by the statement of finance, Mr. Ryder, the Treasurer, has succeeded in pay ing off £2600 of the liabilities of the late Go vernment, and with increasing prosperity by the opening up of a new source of trade, it is confi dently believed that he will be able to nuke greater liquidation* in subsequent quarters," 