S _,? NIGHT NOISES. (Dy rf or N. in to Alusotralasian.) rTml'?voices of the night speak to us in a language peculiarly their own. They have never been translated, and they will never bear it. The lonely sitter-up, or the lier awake-in-bod, hears solemn and mysterious sounds, for which reason is wholly at a loss to account. Unearthly steps ascend the stairs, unearthly hands open doors. Taps come to windows till one is tempted, like Edgar Allan Poe, to throw open the case 'ment aid admit the raven to tell his tale of horror. If we are upstairs some one is walking on the verandah ; if we are down stairs he is on the balcony. He is in the (next:room to us, in the hall, in the passages, in'the dark. But as soon as we go out with the candle hhevanishes. He is without form, without substance--a mere sound, an echo it may be, a creation of the imagina tion-hut whoever or whatever he may be, he strikes more terror into the souls of thousands than could the form of a substan tial burglar with his stockings on over his boots, and with a jimmy in one hand and a knife in the other. The editor of this" paper, for some reason that no doubt appears sound to him, but Which I am unablo to see, invariably pub lishes my articles in the ladies' column. I have the depressing consciousness on me that if I wrote on war, politics, or science if I speculated on revelation, or worked up an elaborate treatise on the ethnology of the Australian aboriginals-if I squared the circle, or solved the problem for determining. longitude-my contribution would he con sidered as fit only for feminine reading, and a certain compulsion would' be put upon me to introduce extraneous light matter, such as ladies are supposed to delight in. Now, night noises, properly speaking, is a subject that I would wish to keep out of the sight of women. I would regret writ ing anything that would make the enforced hoursof loneliness that our wives are occa sionally compelled to spend, when unavoid able business takes us' away from home, more, miserable than the absence of our society makes inevitable. It must be hard for women to be compelled to go to bed. without the comfortable feeling upon them that their natural protectors are by their side should circumstances call for their aid; it is worse, a thousand times worse, if an irresistible sense of duty induces them to sit up till their husbands return. And here I must digress for a moment to express my extreme disapproval, grounded on extensive experience, of those wives who think it necessary to sit up while their hus bands are abroad. It answers no good purpose, and leads to several bad. Every minute that she sits up after the hour she thinks he should come home her temper is getting gradually spoiled; while, on the other hand, every minute that he loses of the evening's amusements (for business, it must be remembered, is the amusement of family men), through over anxiety to return to his home and so allow his wife to go to bed, helps to spoil his. Tihe nocturnal noises that result when 'two people meet,'both of whose tempers are, spoiled, and each of whom considers the other toibe in the wrong, are of a kind . totally different from those which I have; undertaken to. write about. There may be war, there may be recrimina tion; but from the moment when the man sets foot 'on his threshold the taps at the window, the knocks in the wainscotting, the creaking of the stairs, and the steps in the room overhead are heard no more. The whispers of the supernatural burglars in the empty rooms cease, the ghosts that hovered about the dark passages are silent, and in their place is only heard the voice of the woman reciting the tale of his misdeeds and her wrongs. Night noises are only heard to perfection when we are utterly alone. Any companion ship, even that of a child, will make us deaf to them. But the companion must be in the room and awake. It is not the slightest protection to have others in the house, even in the room with you, if they are asleep. Ghosts have a peculiar cunning, and avoid the waking society of more than one. They love to hover around the lonely pillow, to dance like moths about the doors and win dows of the lighted room where a solitary watcher is passing the midnight hours; but, unlike the moth, they never burn their winding-sheets by bringing them within the influence of the lamp. The charmed circle of the light keeps them at bay; but outside of it they play all sorts of fantastic tricks, tapping furniture in a way 'that sends thrills to the heart of the listener, awakening sad echoes of sounds that never had a human origin through the slumber ing chambers of the house; setting the ear and nerves on rack to catch the next note of the weird unearthly music they are danc ing to. The three most common of the nightly noises that startle the lonely listener are those that assimilate themselves to the sound of burglars either breaking into or actually in the house, the crackling of a fire in a distant apartment, or ghosts pure and sim ple. Almost every one has his or her pet horror, so that the burglar of one will be the fire of another, and the ghost of a third. The sound of a fire is usually heard when one is lying awake in bed, and mothers of young children are peculiarly subject to it. Almost anything at night will serve to con vey a vivid and overwhelming impression that the house is in flames-the window shaken in its casement with' the wind, the bursting of a bottle of beer in the cellar, the antics of cats on the tiles. The ordinary course when an alarm of fire seizes one is to scream violently, awaken the household, put clothes on inside out, and then set out in search of the seat of the conflagration. I have known husbands who, after 'two or three false alarms of this kind, have pre ferred running the risk of being burned to death in their beds rather than get up till they hoard for certain that their wives' fears bad a foundation. A warned husband dis trusts the suspicion of fire. Most people, when they hoar ghosts about thleir bedrooms, cover their heads up with the blankets. A sort of instinctive feeling tells them that unsubstantial beings cannot remove substantial bed-covering, and blan kets well tucked in nare generally regarded as ghost-proof. I was talking about ghosts with some young people late one night, and a lady who was present said she considered herself perfectly safe when hier head was covered. "tBut," said I, and my voice was as solemn as the question required, " what would you do if a cold, damp, clammy hand ineinuated itself under the bodolothes--" I was not allowed to finish my question, and she never gave an answer. Feelings were too highly wrought. A series of elaborate hystorms on the part of two young ladies eupervened, and put a stop to all rational conversation. The more idea of the hand was stronger than the armour-of blankets. Burglars every one is acquainted with. They are ever present after nightfall. They haunt alike the cottage of the artisan and the mansion of the esquatter. No man con siders his manhood shamed by owning to a dread of burglars. We hear the saw at the window-frame, the file at the bolt, the sklteleton key in the lock, the diamond stealthily cutting the glass so as to allow the hand to be passed in to undo the fasten ings. Creeping foelings come over us. We draw pictures of the stab in the dark. One man in bare foot and night-shirt tussling for dear life with a short-haired, burly noag onist, whose hob-nailed boots crush the.un covered toes to mummy. We may be brave, we may wish to defend our wives and families to the last gasp; but that imaginary burglar, wielding imaginary weapons,.fight ing with imaginary fury, thirsting more for blood thai plunder, is a being that few of us can think of calmly as we sit up late at night by ourselves or lie awake in the small hours. In the bright light of the sun, when the weary ghosts are blinking in their hiding places, when thie burglars have slunk to their dens, and the demon of fire is taking his siesta, no sound breaks the silence of the house that is tenanted by only one. M?any will read this paper in the daylight, and smile, perhaps, and say, " what non sense! I would sit up all night and hear nothing but noises for which I could ac count." But let the boaster read this late at night alone- with the rest of the house dark, with everyone but himself asleep, with no one to whom he can turn for an explanation of this noise or that, that Ie must hear unless he is deaf, and then let me know whether he will continue to boast. The noises of the night have a way of their own of taking the day-boast out of people. 