METROPOLITAN" GOSSIP. OfBOM ODE SPECIAL COEEESrON'DENT.) Tuesday, March 3rd. J. he question of the policy of the Go vernment, the subject of so much specula tion and gossip, will be set at rest in the course of a week. Unless any alteration should take place in the intentions of the Chief Secretary the journals of Tuesday next will contain Air Francis' address to his constituents. J hare already stated that a revision of the tariff will form a portion of the Ministerial programme. Of their intention with regard to the reform of the Council nothing certain ia known, but from all that ia gleaned it appears unlikely to meet the necessities of the easel A very competent politician has suggested that the roll for the Assembly should be that used for the Council. The Government will not go that length. Their scheme, I understand will be found to he tentative, and not radical in its nature, dnd I believe, although I cannot affirm it certainly, will alter the voting for the Upper House to household suffrage. I am informed, also, that Ministers are not pre pared to abandon payment of members, but it is a moral certainty that should the Assembly again vote it, the Council will unhesitatingly reject it. If the Assembly be resolute, it will then have to find the means of enforcing its views. An opinion prevails amongst those who by no means regard the system with favor, that it would be absurd to set it aside after so totally inadequate a trial, since the only eilect will be that it will be re sumed on some future occasion. They argue, and with perfect good sense, that the thing Bhould be thoroughly tried and that then whatever the result public opinion will be satisfied that the question has been fairly dealt with. It is observable that the aboli tion of the system is as strongly advocated here by the Conservatives as it is opposed by the Liberals, who urge, and with perfect truth, that the former believe it would as much strengthen their ranks as it would be likely to weaken those of their an* (agonists, There need he no aurptist^ Mr;)'jtever should be the programme ot t'u- Government. It will not be framed with the object of keeping office, but the w-ole - efforts of the Government—and I doubt whether they yet have been or v.il be strenuous—will be devoted to securing candidates who shall avowedly or tacitly acquiesce in it. You may accept my assurance that the Government fully expect to .be removed from office very shortly after the reassembling of Parlia ment, and that some at least of the mem bers of the Cabinet Wl by no means regret it. I do not not believe that there will be any more effort to retain the occupation of the Treasury benches than decency and the exigencies of the position naay render necessary. There are members of the G overnment who joined only after repeated solicitations, and do not care how soon tbey arc released. Although, the thong has been repeatedly contradicted, I reiterate that Mr Francis has had quite enough of office, and desires to be rid of it, smd that has been true any time the last six months. The coveted object of his ambiti on, the Chief Secretaryship, having been o btained, he is content. Besides this, it is um lerstood Ministers do not like the aspect o f affairs. Sir James hl'Culloch, who is certain to be returned, will be a power in this House, and be bitterly resents the union, of Mr Francis and Mr Langton, though it would r. quire more than this to wea .ken his friendship for the former. Attem pts have been made to reconcile Sir James and his former antagonist, but withoul: success, he will have none of him. T.'he coali tion Ministry has served its purpose, i! started on a certain—or, rather, uncer tain—basis, but the suojects that irouid then he avoided cannot be now, and il. is proba hv, something more than prob able, that tliis is one of the reasons why some of the team would like to wind up the: partner ship. I was assured a few days since that Mr Francis had been offered a handle to his name, but I believe there is no truth in the statement—that it is a me re canard. It is true, however, that he has declared more than once his determinati on not to accept the honor were it offered him, though how it might be if the offer were made is quite another matter. Mr Dis r. eli is just the man who would be lihely to offer it. Conversing with Mr 1 crdon, then Agent-General, -and before Mr Dully had bloomed into Sir C. G. Dully, the then leader of the Opposition in lite House of Commons exp ressed hi-* c; inion that a great mistake had been made m not knighting Mr Duffy, observing that t! crewas no surer way of malting a man sr. Imperialist. It is quite possible, there fare, he may give effect to his opinion in the person of Sir J. G. Francis. The case of Drummond, the hank de faulter, affords a proof of how difficult it is Eumetimes for the police to avoid bein" misled._ Shortly after they ho.d been put in motion to effect his capture, they re ceived positive information that himself and the partner of his flight had been seen in Melbourne. The statement was P' sitive ; he was driving a buggy with a P-ir of horses, and it was further slated that to avoid detection he had burnt the Vehicle. Forthwith the wires were set to work, some eight or ten of the police were put on his track, the roads aud public louses were watched, the country was scoured in all directions, and forsooth there was not a ghost of truth in the tale. So vitb regard to "Wardell. Residents of FiddelTs Creek were positive that he had been in their company only the night before, and when they saw his photograph ■were only more positive than ever, but there was nothing in it. A cognate matter to this of these bank defaulters is the action instituted by Mr Jamieson, the former manager of the Suburban and Provincial Bank, against Mr Bord, one of his directors, who at a late meeting of the shareholders accused him of improperly advancing himself £400 of the bank's funds. I hear, and on very good authority, that Mr Bord, as one of the di rectors, assented to his having an overdraft to this amount, and if that be so, it is not very surprising that Mr Jamieson should feel himEelfaggrieved. You will have observed that I was risht •about Sir Fergusson. His chances of being re-elected for Sonth Bourke must have been quite as bad as I assured you they were, or he would not have resigned. It would not surprise me a bit if Mr G. P. Smith and Mr Crews had a walkover. 