THE sPIRITISTS OUTDONE. The London correspondent of the " Bir mingham Post " writes :-" If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. There are two mediums there, Mr. Makelene :/nd Mr. Cooke, who have great qualificattions fo astounding them. They greatly surpass thr Davenport Brithers Th y sIake tablee dance, walking sti. ks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air an I present themselves to favorites of the spirits; a lady floats in the air- not in the d irk seance, but in the open daylight. The audience are ,ots required t". sit round in the dark, holding ea.ch others hands like so many idiots, but with powerful opera glasses in their hands, are invited on the stage, and sit there during the performance-' manifestations ' I ought to say, A c?binet is placed before Ihe acudience, elevated so that persons can see under it, an?d over it, and on both sides of it, and incredulous auditors. are permitted on the stage, who can watch behind it. The floor below is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a trap door impossible, and there arejno possible means by which per sons placed in the box could escape from it without observation ; yet a man enters the box, his legs' are locked in heal;y Wooden stocks ; when the door is open the man is gone and no one can conneive -in? what way lie has disappe ded.' -He returns to his box in the g.rl, of a gorill',, manifesting Sitmanic proclivities. He succeeds in dragging in., his cikinuet one King Bill, a butcher, and both giorilla and tiutcher :' e gin, wshen the door is again opened ; aid although a dise tinguished Spiritist was allowed to he on the stage, and a vtiry iincredulous ,ad sUelRicious gentleman from the body of the meeting. yet neither could discover how the. dsanp. pearances came about. WheOther the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether both afte each other, no one was able to say o to suggest in what possible manner they could hare disip i eared The M'askelene and Cooke spirits will exeel all others that have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were al ways found in their cabinet. They were likfe spirits who had lost their legs, they n ver could get away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a long time the gpiritists have been. so they say, getting the better of the world, but now thechildren of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maskel,.ne and Mr. Cooke play Spiritist pranks which no Cock-lane ghost could pretend to, and Which would' have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his" -kness in wonder and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Maskelene & Cooke would have been fire and faggot." 