THEATRE ROYAL. Mr Fairelough made his first appearance before a Ballarat audience on Monday evening, in the popular tragedy of Hamlet. There was a good attendance in all parts of the bouse, the lowers portions especially being well patronised, and Mr Fairclougli may be com plimented (in making a very favorable impression with his audience in his impersonation of the moody prince. Mr Fairelough’s conception of‘Hamlet is- somewhat different from other ; tragedians, that have hitherto preceded him, and the situations, ■ too, are slightly altered from the* generally followed adaptation. In this Mr Fairclougli has certainly made a decided improvement. This was more apparent in the chamber scone with the Queen and the soliloquy, and the following scene with Ophelia, in the latter of which he makes his exit twice and returns abruptly, which is Gome variation from the accepted acting edition. Mr Fairclougli also takes Phelps’ text of Shakspere for his reading, and follows that very rigidly all through. Doubtless -Mr Fairclougli is one, of the foremost tjhaksperi-au-tragedians that has ap peared. on the boards'of the Theatre Uoyal for years, and as comparisons have been muds, with Henry Niel Warner’s Hamlet, it may be stated that Mr Fair clpngh’slmpersonation is more (inished and studied,; andml together, of a more careful and scholarly cha racter than that of hia predecessor.- His rendering of the.Pribce of Denmark on Monday evening was really admirable, and very even, the stillness that prevailed, during his occupation of the stage, followed by the burst of applause, showing ■ the appreciation in which ’ he-was-held by the--audience in -his-cohcelition aiid deliueadon'-of the character, ' In the , lost scene of the first act he was remarkably - effective, and was recalled to receive . the approval of the audience, as, he was- indeed at the conclusion of every act., ;Miss Copper was a very good Ophelia, and a worthy supporter of tho.-leading character. She was very successful in every scene, and received the applause of the entire audience on her exit, besides being bonored.witha call at the fall of the curtain, to which, .however, she did not The other characters calling for special mention were Mrs Wool dridge, who impersonated the Queen very crcdi taUyi~-and - -Mr- J. -P. —West -as -Laertes, —This gsntiemau acted his part admirably, and so ably supported Mr Fairclough, that he may well .be congratulated in adding to the success of the. piece. As King Claudius, Mr Russell was rather bur ried in his utterances, but made up well and acted his part very fairly. Polduius found a representative in ‘Mr Deorvvyb, who made a youthful Lord Chamber lain, and would have.dono better if hd Lad not shown such a desire to play to the house. Miss Polly Leake was a charming Osiic, and' Mr H. Warde ns Horatio appeared to better advantage than in any character ho has yet, undertaken during .hia* stay here.: Mr Con -Warde made a.slightly too demonstrative and emphatic ghost, but JJr C.' ,6‘Bricn" was in excellent humor in hia small part of the gravedigger. The other characters call for no special mention, except that all did their duty creditably, and had- studied their parts with apparent care. -The performance concluded with a ballet divcrtiKement by MisS’Nelly Greenlees; This ’j 4 evening!"Richelieu” witi'bb.produced, with SH; Fair- | dough as the Cardinal. The efforts made hy tho, ;management in,thus providing such capital entertain ment for theatre-goers, should; meet its reward' in' • bumper houses, and* there ig Utile doubt .hut.-that. |such will be tUe ca?a. * ; . ;. . ■ 