SPIRITUAL RETREAT AT ST. MARY'S PRO-CATHEDRAL. The Rev. Father Gahill, superior of the Order of Jems. Victoria, opened a Spiritual Retreat at St. Mary's pro-Cathedral on Sunday evening la-t. The Church was thronged, nearly 4000 persons bfing present. Immediat ly atter solemn vespers had been sung the Rev. Father Cahiit delivered a powerful and impressive' sermon, of which an aostraco is auDj ineu.. jciis Tiexo was a ly jroin sin. as from the face of a serpent.''1 In opening his subject he said : In the first discourse of this morning we enquired into and considered the oiigin of the human soul. We considered 'the great . end and object of our existence, and ?we came to understand how exalted was the position God had given .to man in the order of creation— how great and noble was the design of the Creator. The proper consideration of the glorious destiny of a Christian soul ougbt to awaken in our minds a sense of esteem and self respect, and should animate us with a- courage to go on to the end for which we were created ; to lo ve and serve God upon earth, and be happy with Him for all eternity in heaven. The attainment of this great end is a m03t important work, a work of difficulty, with many obstacles in the way, the magnitude of which we some- i times fail to attain, but the greatest obstacle of I all is. ein.' We have entered on this holy Retreat for the purpose of arming ourselves against siii — of shaking off its yoke, anclfiying f;om it as from the face of a serpert ?.' Let' -us study well the meaning of sin ; let us examine its nature ; let ' us dwell on its enormity, and we shall then be I filled with horror and dread. If we really knew what a hydra-headed monster sin was, we would fly from it, we would never rest until we were free from its direful influence, and would never again suffer ourselves to fall into it. If ? we remain years in sin without an effort to sliake it off, if we are content to eat, drink, and s-1; ep in a state of mortal sin, Ave know not its nature— for if we did we would fly from it as from the face of a serpent. Bow shall I pro ceed in inviting you to meditate on the malice of sin ? How shall 1 find words to express its op position to God — the author of all that is good? How shall I pourtray, in fitting terms, this act of rebelion against the majesty of the Creator? Can we understand the infinite perfections of God ? Can we fathom the' depth of the ocean of the riches of His wisdom and knowledge? ' How incomprehensible are His judgments, and . how unsearchable Hi3 ways !''' What created intellect can understand His infinite perfections, which ar- far above the comprehension of the most exalted amongst angels ? If our puny reasoning faculties could realise this, then we might undei stand tlie malice of sin ; but it is a mystery human nature cannot grasp. If the angels in heav en -cannot yet understand the infinite perfections of their Creator, nor yet what an evil mortal sin is— how miserably in capable are we of understanding. 'Fly from sin,' says the Holy Ghost, 'as from the face of a ser pent.' These words warn me to proceed, to' let you know the nature of sin. If we could witness the death of one bitten by a serpent, and see him die little by little, until the soul left the body, such a scene would leave a lasting impression on our minds. Some scientific man might explain, in learned words, the nature and ingredients of the poison that; caused death : . what vital organs had been attacked, and the effects of the venomous fangs upon the tissues of the body ; and in the end we should understand but very Lttle. While we gazed upon that cold inanimate form we could understand, better than all the learned words could tell us, the dread nature of the poison — the visible effect would cause us to fly from the serpent. Let us consider, then, this evening, some of the palpable, sensible effects of sin, so.that W3 may fly from it as from the face of a serpent. Amongst the effects produced by mortal sin none are more striking than punish ments. Some in this wcirld, some in the next. I shall place before you two examples of Divine vengeance on sinners, examples from Holy Wiit, that should excite, in our breast?, a fear and horror of sin. The first chastisement of sinners by Almighty God took place about sixteeu cultures after the creation of Adam. Adam had learned from the mouth of his Creator how He was to be served and worshipped, and this knowledge he transmitted to his posterity. But afrer a time the sacrifices which. God. had taught them to offer were neglected ; they, deified works of their own hands; every kind of vice and wickedness became' more universal; so that there came a time when very few kuew the name of God ! ' And the earth was corrupted before Go:l, and was filled with iniquity.' The vice of imputity had possessed the entire human race. 'All flesh had corrupted its way upon the earth ' This vice, abova all others, clouds, the intellect and hardens the heart, so that there is no room for God. The anger of God was at lengrh excited ; He was disappointed. His Divine plans were marred by the passions of men, and He repented Himself that He had made man. He had looked down on earth and saw all was gnod ; and now tlu-rs was nothing but evil — nothing but what was unworthy of Him. And He resolves to destroy the whole human race In one family only had the knowledge and service of God been retained. On them alone he looks with complacency. Noe was to become the progenitor of a nsw j race, when the former race shall have been swept away. Not only man was doomed ( to destruction, but the irrational creatures that ] had been made for his benefit. How great must have been God's detestation of sin, whnoven the dumb 'animals were not spared from His wrath ! We have n-ad the history of the des truction of mankind, and we know what measure* Noe took for the safety of himself and his family. Let us suppose that Noe and his family are in the ark. God has closed the door. Let us imag'ne the moment of execution of the Divine vengeance. The fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the flood --ates of heaven were opened, and a great deluge swept over the face of the earth. This wa? a terrible end to the blindness and crimes of the people. Men who were deaf to the warnings God had given them from time to time, at length awake to the realitv of the depths of wickedness to which they had been sunk, and see that God is a God of justice, and His many threats had at last been executed. Consternation and fear seize upofl men ; the waters gain upon them ; they see the valley and field disappear ; they endeavour to reach the hills ; they fly to the mountain tops ; but little by li .tie the avenging waves, the ter- '. rible ministers of God's justice, sweep them awaj7. The horrible roar of the waters, the ceaseless rain, the crashing of the thunder, the vivid flashes of lightning which for . a moment disclosed the frightful scene of destruction, caused many to wither away from very fear. GoA has decreed nom shall ' escape. On the utmost point of the mountain '' tops, numbers are found in company with savage beasts, who had forgotten their wildness and i came crouching to the feet of their enemy man ; ! some endeavour to avoid their impending doom : by clinaing'to the branches of trees, but the ! inexorable minister of an angry God little by ' little gains upon them, and the waters close over them until no.t a living thing is to be seen. Slowly but surely had the terrible agents of , Go i's vengeance executed His dread purpose — j how fearfully had they shewn how He hates and abhors mortal sin. Then followed an ap palling ailence— a silence only paralleled to that found before the creation of man— heaven's artillery was hushed, the roar of the raging flood had ceased ; the despairing shrieks and cries .of drowning creatures were no longer heard. The awful silence of the grave had fallen upon the dreary expanse of waters, the ven geance of an offended God was complete. The time has .arrived for opening the 'door of the ark, and the sileriue is broken by the voices of' the survivors. Noea-d his family kneel down to thank God that they are spared. Who is it that will not fly from sin, 'seeing 'that God has destroyed the human race. The stench of their vices had risen up to heaven, j and had provoked the Almighty Creator 'to '! destroy the works of his haud and condemn \ mil'ions of souls to eternal torments. Let us i'! jmss on to the other example of Divine vengeance found in holy scripture. We might suppose that the descendants of Noe would have per- j severed in the knowledge of justice ; but in this J we aie deceived, for some centuries later we . again find all flesh corrupted, and so great was the wickedness of men that had G d not pro mised Noe not to destroy the world, He might j have once more been provoked to sweep man from the face of the earth. This was in the j d,ays of Abraham, and affords another proof, more striking than that in the time of Noe of the hatred of God to sin. The cities, of the earth had corrupted — vice reigned within them, in it 4 most horrible forms, calculated to provoke ti-e auger of the God of all purity. ' And the Lord said : The cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is multiplied, and. their sin is become exceedingly grievous.' God warned Abraham of their impending fate. He would rain down fire and brimstone from heaven and utterly destroy them. ButJ Abraham, presumiug on his fami liarity with his Creator, ventures to a-k if God would destroy the just with the wicked. 'And the Lord said to him : If I find in Sodom fifty just men within the city, I will spare the whole place for their sake.' And Abraham yet stojd before the Lord beseeching Him to spare tbe sity, even if only ten just men were found. And He said 'I will not destroy it . for the sake of ten.' Does this not show how much we are indebted to those who live lives of justice and innc-ence ? We may be disposed to ridicule those who truly serve God ; we may, perhaps, sneer at those who app roach frequently the sacred banquet of theBody and Blood of Jesus Christ ; but it may be iii con sequence of their prayers that the ven geance of God has been stayed when about to strike' us.' It may be that the justice of tbeir lives has averted the arrow of death, and saved ' us from being cut off in the midst of our sins. ' Had only ten just persons been found in the citie3 of Sodom and Gomo-rah, these cities would not have been destroyed. Imag'ne your selves present at the moment that God's ven geance was about to be executed. Dark and angry clouds gather above the doomed cities j the lightnings flash, and the roar of the thunder scares the inhabitants. In an instant the clouds are rent apart, and the fierce l'ain of fire and brimstone pours relentles-sly down. In vain do ' men hide themselves; in vain do they fly. Avenging flames follow them everywhere, and. find tlem out, aud lock them in their fiery em braces. No escape from the awful furnace, the suffocating fum^s of brimstone. One by one they pi-rish ; one by one are wretched ? sinners summoned to appear. be-» fore the Judge of the living and the dead The devouring flames had consumed all — no living creature wes spared, and then followed thai; terrible silence— tbe filen.ee of the tomb. Do not these smoking ruins preach eloquently to Abraham and Lot and the inhabitants of the country round about ? Do they not show how great is the malice of mortal sin ! God is not; satisfied; He resolves that the site of these cities shall be a lasting monument of Hte hatred to sin. He causes the earth to sink little hyl'ttle, the ruins to disappear, deeper and deeper, and the otdcined remains are' covered over fathoms deep by the bituminous ? waters of the dead sea. Sand by those sterile shore*, where no vegetation can flourish, look on those inky waters and think how great is the malice of mortal sin, and how grt-at is God's hatred of it. Who is there, who looking on this picture will not fear sin and fly from it as from ' the face of a serpent ? Who will contemplate- -?r . this terrible punishment and sleep contentedly^ Who will dare to live and persevere in sin anrJ rebel against God? God has shown us how great is his justice, how infinite his power. He is the sama God to-day, yesterday, and for ever. As the stench of the sins of old arose,, even so do our sins to-day arise, and if we con tinue to live and die in sin be assured we shall share eternally ths punishment of those who died in tho days of Noe and Abraham. If I inspire you with a fear of God's justice, I do so that you may fear sin ; for the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Forget net that God is merciful, return to Him with' confi- dence,, and seek of Him that mercy which the wicked sought not. Remember His mercy is above all 'His. work's ; He invites us to come to Him ' ' Come, ' says our dear Lord, ' all who are 'heavy laden and I will refresh you.' Come and hide your sins and sorrows in the Divine Heart of Je -us Christ. Coma with confidence = for though God is a God of infinite justice, he is also a God of infin te iner--y. Hasten then to the feet of your blessed Redeemer, and be 'assured that mercy and compassion will be shewn to a humble and contrite heart, and your sins bs washed away by the Sacred B'ood shed oh Calvary. The Retreat was continued during the week Masses being celebrated, at 6, 7, and a quarter* past eight ; Father Cahill giving instruction at the latter mass, and on each evening he preached a fervid discourse at seven o'clock, oa the ne cessity of penance and of every one availing themselves of the opportunity of approaching the Sacramonts. The ratreat will close tomor row (Sunday) by a general communion. 