Tasmaniaa It e ms. -. Religious' Reception. ? Tho ceremony of the reception of a young lady as a nOvicelinto the Presentation Con vent, or what is generally known as taking tlie white veil, took place in St. Mary's : Cathedral, Hobart Town, on Sunday, Deo. ISih. The congregation was very large, etery portion of available space being occu pied. Die sanctuary and alter \vere- - as usual, beautifully decorated with flowers of the ohoioest descriptions. The novioe-elect w*3 Miss Clara Robinsi)nt a native of Tas mania, and one of the first boarders from tie Presentation Convent school who hasp taken the profession. ' Six months ago she entered the community, as a. postulant, and' iihtj will remain a novice- two years/ before ? ulie tukes the blaok veil, but she is permit led to leave at any time during that period, should she desire to do so. She takes the' name in religion' of Sister Mary Teresa, alter St, Teresa, tho foundress of the Re ftrmation of the Barefooted Oarraelites. who was u Spaniard by. birth, born in the six teenth century, and was canonized by Pope Gregory XV., in 1021. The novice-elect whs received ny 111s . L.onisnip, ? Bishop Iturphy, assisted by. Vicar-General Dunne. Dr. Forrest (of Sydney.) Rev. R. Bridie nan (late, of ludiu.) and Rev. D. F. .X; Bitfohinor, master of ceremonies. The ' angels' were the Misses Teresa, Louisa, and Kme KobinsoD, sisters of the novice eleot, aud there were ten of the young lady hoarders, nil wearing white, veils, and dressed something similar to bridesmaids. Precisely at 1 1 o'clock the procession en tered the Cathedral, headed by, the crosa bearer, and followed by alter bovs. 'wearing snutune andcottas, and proceeded slowly to the sanctuary. Then came the thurifer and acolytes, master of ceremonies, deacon arid sub-deacon, and the Bishop, attired in full pmitifioiulB, wearing the precious mitre and carrying tho pastoral stuff in his hand. In the meantime the choir sang thu hymn 'A Gbr, Virgi.' Then^the procession of nuns entered, headiid by the cross-bearer (one of thu young lady-boarders at the convent and sister oi tlie novice-elect,) and followed by tin) so-called 'angels,' the novices and professed nuns, aud the Mother Superior mid Mother Assistant, with the novice-elect walking betwean them. The novice wus very beautifully uttired in bridal array — a white silk dress, a wreath of jessamine and orange blossom, with a white tulle veil at tached, a bouquet of orange blossom on her breast, and 'another boquet at her wuist, with gold earrings mid other rich orna ments. The clergy took up their position round the altar, and the uuus in the suno tuary, with the novice elect kneeling in front. After tho Gospel of the Mass, which was coltfbnited bv the Kev. D. F. X. Beechinor, til-! R !V Dr. l''nrri!st nrnn*aAut\ in r I... , I.-,,,,.. where he reci-ivod the Episcopal blessing, tlio Bishop placing the beautiful stole upon him. After kissing the Bishop's ring, Dr. Forrest proceeded to the pulpit, and preached,a solid and argumentative sermon, from Phillipinns, 4th chapter, 4th to the 7th verses. Tlie discourse was principally directed to comparing a life in the world and iu tha cloister The fuuda nental ob ligation of every Christian was to live a life of obedience to the commandments of God There was no protecting clause in the Gos pel which exempted anyone frera the obli gations imposed by Christ ; on. the contrary the maxims of the Gospel were made obli gatory upon all, those living in the world as well ns these in the cloister. But the maxims of the world were irreconcileably opposed to those of Christ. The reverend gontleman dwelt somo time upon the ques tion, ' Whence rose this distinction between Christians in the world and Christians' in the cloister ?' and said thnt the ceremony of that day bore upon the question inti mately. Why had that young heart re nounoed the worid and all its riches,' to live b life of poverty, chastity and obedience ? « ny. in imitation of the early Christians/ who lied from the corruption, around thorn, aud found' seclusion to practice the fulfil ment of those Christian duties which were obligatory upon other Christians. He did not say that these, means were obligatory;; but the precepts were. ' This- young heart had thrown off all the trappings of pride and hnmaai.ty,..and undertaken to live a life of poverty, chastity, and obedience, in the b'oom of youth, but with a rauture intellect, anj a cultivated Heart and mind. She eu ter-d. upon a career of self denial, and had tjusBtit. an example which he trusted would »ink deep into the hearts of all present. Kt the termination of the sermon, the 'Jj$3j? and1 his attendants stood near the ''guile1,'' inside which the nums were as BeihMedV'ahd, after some preliminaries, the fojloying questions were put, and answers .rapped':— ; -: ..T^^Bishop— My chiid, what do yoii de °^£\\- ' - - - ?? »;?? ? . 'Npvioe.^ t^.Tll0 mkfif Of God, the holyt^ab.t ^religion, the charity 'of re ligion and tv Meie ? of moih;rB an^ Bisters. ' \y-i ..- . .. ?? k . religion 7 . \ ?,„ ,. , :.,- ?.,;,,. ? Nbvic&elect;— Yes.vinV ' iV c . rBishop — Rev. mother, hV ''''. '''r '': info'tlieoiher points'tiece^0' inquired for those who: enter inlo reli£Nbe k^wn you fully satisfied ?;_ \and are .' Lidy Superiorrr-YeB, my Lord. V . ~ B.tBhbp— Mjrf'ohiW;'' -have; you ?ajni,j2 'tenripnVto;per$v.^ of your-ilifa, and do. you thinicyoujhftye bui^i fioient'strengthHo bear'constantly the sweet . yukV/of, qiir-JjaitifJeBWi C/hirist foV'Uie love land fear of God alone ? ? Novioeeleot-^-Ralying on :the -mercy ;of God, and ohthe pr'a'yera of the -'mothers anti ?sisters; I-hopeto ;be.abJe:to:do;?oi: '*r*- : Bishop-- What ;God' has oomme^cM ifl ?you triiyHo perfect.' ;.. .'.'. ' ? . - The ehoit replying ' Amen.',, u ,,, The Novice-eleot then left tlie church «nd retired, and the' habit wbioti ojho was Jc Wear Warblessed. After some prayers, the novioe-eieci prosented' , herself, attired in the boly.bajjit ?£? guiinp* amlveil/but with out d'biriotiire.'Jhaving^.n her hand a wax oandle lighted. A£ her entrance into the church, the ohantereoomraenced the hymu ' Qua est Ufa.'' The Bishop blessed the Novice,. and the remainder of the religious dress with- wbioh she was to be clothed. The -Lady Superior then raised the no.' -vice, who had up to this time been kneeling and. the- Mother Assistant presented the cincture,- with the rest of th-j dress, to the SupenoreBs, who placed it on the novice, while the Bishop repeated the following prayer in Latin :— ' When thou wert younger, thou didst gird thyself, and' didst walk where thou wouldst ; but when thnu shall be old another shall gird thee. In the name of the~Father, and of the Son, and of, the Holy Ghost. Amen.' After re ceiving the cincture the novice eleot knelt, auti the Lady Superior gave hor the blessed veil, .while the other veil was drawn by the Assistant, the Bishop savins in r'atin— 'Receive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without stain, and mayest walk with ?Him in white In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. ;A'men.'' ' '' t,-v--.^ Wn'ilo the Lady Superior pat -. on the cloak of the novice, the Bishop said in Latin—' May the Lord restore to thee the value of immortality which thou didst lose in the prevarication of thy first parents. In the uamo of the Father, and of the Sou and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' ' The novice then took in her hand the wax candle, and was sprinkled by the iishop with holy water, receiving the name Mary leresa. The beautiful refrain, Mea~ num miimn, was then sung by the novice, anu replied to by the choir. Alternately with the choir the novice repeated, ' My heart hath uttered a good word, I speak my »°xmS t0 r'e K'Ug-' Tha ohllir replying, Whom I have seen, whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart inclineth.' The Veni Creator was then intoned by the Bishop, aha at the termination of some, prayers, the novice was BDrinkled with holy water. The hymn being finished, the' clergy and relit/ieuses rose and turned to the alur, the novice still remaining -prostrate, aud the Bishop said the following prayer— 'O God, who wilUst not the death of a sinner, but always seekest the amendment of his life by repeutance, we humbly be seech Thee that Thou, mayest vouchsafe to pourithe plenteous graoeof Thy mercy on Thy Bervuut, renouncing worldly concerns, so that, being admitted into Thy camp, she may receive ut Thy hands the prize of ever lasting recompense. And ns. by Thy in~ spiration Bhe dosireth to be associated and live in community with this sisterhood, so with Thy jelect she may obtain the promised remuneration from lliee, who tewardest all the virtuous' through Christ our Lord. Amen.'' The procession then left the church, the novice retiring between ' the Reverend 'Mother and the Mother Assistant,' while the choir sans? the hymn, Deus' Misereatitr ? H. T, Mercury, K 