NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. —# We understand thnt tlio case of Hall, mnmitted by the Tumut bench to Wagga Wagga Circuit Court, lias been removed to the Comt; commencing on the 2nd Apnl.- We hear tlmt immediately upon (bp return ot the Mayor to Vass, lie will be requested to call a public iuecting of the inhabitants, for the purpose of iwtitioning the Colonial paid magistrate for Yaws.— The Narandera coiTespondeiit of the Wajjga Express savs Sonic of the travelling sheep which passed three or four weeks ago have inside a general average of the five electors' ri-bt s. The whole, frontage i* as ban' sis tlie backbone of a fossil remain. On the 7th inst.. Elizabeth Fraser and John Ji- Kay. both of Lull's Hole, were brought before G. H." Green, Esq., J.P., charged with stealing a bullock, the propertv of James Parkes, of Numer- renmoiiv. Both prisouws were committed for trial at the next Circuit Court to lie held at Alburv. Bail allowed—the ties of j£50 ench.—Tunntt Times. The absence of rain in any quantity is causing Apprehensions to be entertained that whiter feed will be scaree. The consequence is that the squat tages around Young sue lieing ovemui by travelling sheep, and not a day passes that lar flocks sue not to lie seen in the vicinity of the town wending their war to consume the grass owned and paid for by Mhers than the possessors of the sheep.— We understand that we have the oldest inhabitant of New South Wales residing within a few miles of Hav. Mr. Thomas Challinor came to this colonv sixtv-five years ago. He was twenty years old then,' and is now an apparently hale heartv man of eighty-five years, lie has Wen twentv-four shine weight, but is now sixteen stone.' He moves about briskly, making bar- gains, and earning on his business o scourer like a man in the prime of life.— Grazier. Mrs. Baxter, the mother of the murdered man William Baxter, has been in Young making arrangements for the disinterment mid re-burial of her son's remains. The body was brought into Young last week, and was on Friday buried in the Presbvteriau cemetery. Mrs. Baxter states that she has received every kindness from Mr. Sub inspector Roberts, who is apparently using every moans in his power to further the efforts lieing made to discover the ]»erpetrator of the murder. The funeral was followed by several respectable inhabitants Goulbum.— The IVtMeni Examiner, iu alluding to the slaughter of dogs bv the police, says :—The detail of the butchering work on Wednesday night tut; so disgusting that exposure is demanded. No less than seven iiniinals were killed outside Mr. Evans fence, ill Kite-street, and thrown over into hi ganlen, the pathway resembling a sliainbles from the disgusting mode of death adopted, and the fence streaming with blood at the spot where the unfortunate victims of coiistabulai avarice were thrown over. The usual mode adopted iu such cases is strangulation, but, in this instance, the more revolting plan was resorted to of cutting the dog's throat. We sdso mention the fact, for we saw it, that the next morning several of the car casses were found disembowelled. The, following laiul was taken up at the local office, Wagga Wagga, OIL Thumlay, 12th inst :— Edwaid CIisis. Pearson, 220 acres, Sandy ('seek ; Thomas Mackav, 3 lots of 40 acres each, Mundawsuldera; John Noouan, 200 acres, county of Bourke, parish of Brangalgan ; John Moiitgomeiy, 320 acres, Eunonvliareenyha; Geo. Reid, 2 lots of 50 acres each, Oura; Edith Fanny Hammond, Tincres, South Jiuiee ; Annie Graliam Hammond, 80 acres, South .Tunee ; William Shepherd, 100 neres, Gobbaguiubalin ; James Clark, 20 acres (auction), county of Clarendon, parish of North Wagj.a. The total receipts were as follow :—i,'3BT lis., for 'deposits upon conditional purchases ,£131 17s. <5d„ for interest; £'21 for auction selec tiou ; ,£240, for deposit on sales by auction. The Western Post relates that two youths (one of theui an aiioriginal) were fishing on the banks of the river, near Mudgee, when a man with a sheet, over liiin stole behind them nnd waved his hands over their heads without speaking. Thifiudden apparition (for the boys thought it was ghost) struck terror into them. Tlie black bov ran for his life, and hid himself in an adjacent, corn-field ; while his companion, who was almost paralvsed with fear, screamed most piteously for help.' It suggested itself to a couple of men living in the neighborhood, who beard these terrible shrieks, tlmt some one was drowning, and on hastening to the spot the truth was discovered, and the youth found in ft uiost exhausted and terrified condition, utterlv unable to speak ironi his voice being paralysed by the violence of hiB outcries. On Tuesday, 3rd inst., an old resident iieai Bega, named Joseph Lockhart, shot himself. Pe ceased (says the Gazette) rode home, on Monday company with his neighbor, Mr. Simon Gordoii awl then seemed to be in low spirits. He told Mr. Gordon that was his last day on earth, and that if Mr. Goulon heard the report of a gun he would know wliat had happened. Mr. Robert Gordon went to Lockhitrt'w place on Tuesday afternoon, when Lockhart asked him to milk a heifer for him. Gordon told him to get a bucket and be would milk the heifer. Lockhart went away to the house, and shortly after the report a gun was heard. Mr. Gordon inn up, amd found the unfortunate man had been severely grounded in his side. He died some hours after the wound was inflicted. Deceased had been afflicted for a long time with rhcumat : c ailments, and lived by himself, and the supposition as that his pains and lonely life drove him into a melancholy mood, in which he resolved to put an end to his roubles. A man named M'Gorey has been drowned near | Nanabri. The sale of thcGumly Gumly property, ncarj Wagga, lias been further postponed to the 24tti instant The Government bridge over the Narandera creek is completed, and tlie work saul to oc I iy well executed. It is cxpeeted that the Cricketeis of the Tumut will visit Wugga on Easter Monday for the pur- j pose ol playing a match. [ An adveitisement appeal's iu the Tamivorlh Times, signed by a iuni who advertise hiilf-a-crown si tail, suultsike to native dog killing h at one pound a kcud.— The Hay correspondent of the Wugga Advertiser I rites : —» There is every likelihood of a selectors sociation being started here, the action now being taken by the squatters with reference to lection by minors, proving that an organised j ul vigorous » stand • «"••'• must lie taken 1 • at • once by the .1 1 lectoi-s in orler to protect their interests in tlie district. A meeting for this purpose will, I hear, be held in a week or so." On the 5th inst.. Parkes was visited liv one of the most severe thunderstorms, accompanied with hail and rain, that has been witnessed in this <listrict for veaw past. The storm only lasted lor a verv short lime, but came in such torrents as to completely flood many of the houses, and convert the main street into a canal. Nothing can more forcibly illustrate the necessity wliich exists for earning out the town improvements, suggested Isewhere.— In our Legislative Assembly, Jlr. Phelps re- . nllv askeif the Colonial Secretary whether Gove'niment intended, at, an early date, to ojien negotiations with the Government of the several Australian . colonies 1 1 ' and New ll. Zealand . T rclutiveto DrtllllO. the e power lately given by the Iini»erial Parliaem, i-iit, under miuei the in Act 36 Vict., • »"-*•? chap. «> 22, intituled r V11 Act to Amend the Law with Respect to the An Act to Amend the Law with Respect to the Customs customs Duties in the Australian Colonies," 2(3th May, 1873, to enable, the. said colonists to adopt differential duties and free intercourse between themselves, by land and by sea, in all produce the 1 produce of said colonies ! In reply, Mr. Parkes said he was not iu a position then to give an answer to the (juestion. The lltga Gazette states that Mr. Biyant, apractical paper manufacturer, \isited Bega last week for the purpose of trvin- to obtain paper-making material. Mr. Biyant showed us mai^e stalks 111 yarious stages of preparation, horn tbe coarse . "half-stuff," 7 up ,. to a delicate , creamy . . • wlnte . . , nitre . |j ready for the last ; proccss int ofpulping of pulping into into sheets sheets 1 of paper. There can lie no doubt then that iron maize stalks good paper can lie made. The stalk per acre for material now absolutely wasted. . Consequent on the resignation of Lieutenant j Chisholm, 1 Ensign —- o 1 Dignani ^r o <1... 1 riAiillkitKti has been />nniii'»iv directed to nf f assume command of the (joullmni company ot I volunteers. At parade on Monlay week. Ensign Dignam read a letter from the commandant, dated 2<5tii February, in reply to one from Private Rossi,. with reference to liis eligibUity to be propose.1 for re-election us captain. The eominandant states that to propose him would be regained as highly insubordinate and evincing contempt for the •ictionof His Excellency the Governor and the Executive Couucil, aud a very culpable disregard of constituted authority. The letter further states that the commandant is unable to state what the result to the companywould lie of such a course elusion, the comniiUKknt directs that the company be without delay infonned of his decision.— J After a succession of remands extending over nearlv a month, John Sowdeu, who was arrested j 011 a ehavge of participation m the murder ol the Pohlmann lnothei-s, at Naiiindera, 111 March, 1868, has been discharged from custody. All the evidence, with the exception of that of Woods nnd Ingi-am, was in favor of the assumption Sowden's innocence, as far, at least as tlie murders were concerned. Both these witnesses were most decided ill their testimony, and the positive way 1 in which W<mm1b swore to him, must, in view of the result considerably weaken the case against any othe prisoner who might be airested and to any identifv other wlioin prisoner his evident may be required. It imium identify whom, wjiuiii,. hit ,1 A . . j is extremely satisfactoiy to know that his e\T L ce aVi ou'di useful, is not necessary to secure f the convictimi of the two mates of CWpbell. S nvde succeedcd on Friday, at Wagga, in provh-aXurSi In the face of the after evidence, his remark to Constable Gallagher, who aimted, is ? ™ , intelligible. He said, upon that m'casion''Igive occasion," I myself in your charge, sergeant, occasion. a murderer—for murdering tUe two br.ther hawkers -• there is £- £500 r '00 rewam rewiud for ior inc. me. una and I ] wish you'to get it; I don't want the other to wisu jouu, h of.. ( „ The conpta, )]e cllul j one( j j e gel; ft sixpence So'wdeii'fand ftskcd hiin who the other man was; | hrrenlied" " Smnc ~ fool who"^^''ine of 1 the muider." He further said, " I believe he his the murderer mid not me ; I was 300 miles away S 3 at tlie time b r ^ M-^mew to Jo^S wiUi sonic cattle to Melbourne, and milt have beeu neal L^'ood at the tiiuc-1 An Agricultural and Horticultural Socicty has been formed, with every prospect of success, at Shoalhavcn, nnd a ploughing match in connection with tlie association is to lie held within the next two months. Mr. Parkes has stated that the sum received for on i d t ors and newspapers via San Francisco "was £910 10s. lOd. The miiount received from Victoria, £71 6s. Hd.; from Queensland, 15g Anil tho amount received for letters ))lul 11inVspapers forwarded by the Gnlle route. £.503 6s. 2d. The committee of the Hunter River A^riculv (l, ra ] Pastoral Association held a meeting 011 unij,] v t<11 ] 10 invitation fonvarded to His Ex ^Jjpncy the Governor to attend the show. T] 10 mo nthlv meeting of the council of the Wales Academy of Alt was held in ,] 1( , Boiutlrooin of the Free Library, on the .3rd inst) t] R , preside, Sir Alfred Stephen, in the ,.1,.^ j, K lj, cs of tlie. works of art at the approachjillj^ u , r ljX VAUIl'lllUlf ] 1 jbitioii were ro appointed, llj^jj- • and _ some fonual . ^ I i jnKlm . sg Wils transacted, after which the liieetni; a,ij om . ne 4. q,, tj ie o t b instant,the Sfudgee District Coroner j Henninghaui) held an inquest in the ^ u tj |C ] 10( i v 0 f a confinee, named John ^villimn^, a native of Wales. From the evidence , ( - mi Jt a ., lK; ared that the deceased was received ^ l1u, ir{l0^ on 5th ultimo, as lieing of unsound ,,,5,,,^ °. m( \ )vlnaiided for medical tixatuient. p,,j 01 .' t0 that lie had been under treatment in the jj,,,^ Hospital by Dr. Cutting. From the 1>vj,|^ie0 tlie doctor, the jury arrived at a | yei-dict " that the deceased died of dropsy of the hest and enlargement of the heart c now there is an unusual numlier of Go vc,. mm ,„t works in pvogi-ess in the Dublw district j jjj-jjj,^ ;ire being built at Cobbora. Bnuuniageni j I . ' Onjuonba)-, . and Batbalaga, 1 j T\ Bogau .11.1River; 1 1. . j j.,,.,.^^ . ire rt l )0 ut to be made to the Dubbo bridge, i T)le ine Xallu-.i^iiv raiuni^ui' structure Mmtmn: has ivceived a .1 little n.i.v « touching up and contracts have been entered « touching up and contracts have been entered jnto j nto lor lor wol3^ ^ ^ ou the ou tlie Mudgee road. The whole of ^ ^ are under the control of Mr. iij, nll;lUi the Works dejiaifment. The addij t4J the Dubbo gaol are lieing constructed I . j,^. Jloftatt and Co., the cont].. lctors- The residents arc thankful to Sir. G, \y l oj .,i f or these favors ; and that gentleman would seem to emulate the honorable nieuilier for Orange in his attack ou the " departments." )uauufacture of kerosene from shale conj ^ ^ Ju NuW ^ Wales. There are at pre oil-producing companies in New South Wales The 1 iirincipai . P one, of which <.j.„ the mine ;.. is iUt " « d tUc " \ > volte . near ' Svduev „ , p.^luces , ^ ^ to cmw of a H, lnlt pupply ()f tlu , nlw The shale is in large demand for gas comtianjL as 1 I wnajtcU- J , the addition 1 ... of a percentage , J.J1 of it to tj u . .^.^juaw coal greatly increases the bril ]iimcv of t]l(, ^ It - is learnt from a geutleiuan , , ivlio . is visitin Rockliampton, that the general suinuse as to the character of the fugitives who arnve.l therein an open boat, some three weeks since, was toler ably coned, and that they were escajied Com munists. It appear tluit thirteen 1men, with an officer in charge, were sent from New Caledonia to one of the neighboring islands three or four miles off, to cut bandava leaves (similar to our ^bagMive), and that when ^ ^ ^ to ha when out far enough to anchor; but the men sanl the surf was rolling in strong, aud that they had better <„'<) out a little further; nnd when they were out of pistol range they coolly took n lunar at their commander, and hoisting sail stood out f(j ^ ^ llie J)ont w,s provisioned for j t1)(j wll0j p t i,i,^en „„.„, tbo, fugitives were fully »i»ljci<l for their trip ; and aw it was three davf j ^^jvtjo the. officer and the retiwinderof the cre'w I j, ofc v,a C k to Nouuhm, the boat had a good start, so ^ n f r j w ,te was despatched after them it (un)e(1 out a wibl goose chase, j On Tuesday, the 28th ultimo (says the Western Examiner), as Mr. John Bruce, ofLmmibah, and a man named Frazer were riding through Looniball ni^ they were astonished to see a large bird fl u tt<;ring along the gi'ound, apjiarently unable to . , ly, and which appeared upon close inspection, to be an enonnous eagle. Mr. Bmce, thinking the bird was wounded, immediately dismounted from his horse, and succeeded in catching it. Upon turning it over to ascertain what was them alter with it he wc* surpnsed tosee a>ije native eat buried beneath its wiiig. He seized he cat by the tail, nnd, quickly striking 1 1111011 the ground \- terminated its existence, after which lie dispatched v , , , , .. . . .. . the eagle, which was the hugest bird of the kind ver seen in the district. The eagle seems to be of the golden species, and measures, ii oni the ti\i of one ^ving to t he tip of the other, seven feet, and its body is about three ieet long It is pidgcd to be a young bird, from the fact of its beak being it with its b ? k'; and when takei^ wing of the i.hd, had ite mouth fuU of feail e This is supposed 1 to he the «t«seol themaluhtj of the bird, to fly. Government, has appointed a woman to the chaise of the Clarence Heads telegraph etatio^. His Honor Judge Francis, during ^ of cases at the Hay Quarter Sessions, 1 .. sick of listening to the plea of drunken almost eveiy criminal action that had come bej'ore Mm. He <fid not believe the Govcniment would probably check the debasing system of drunken* ncss until the loss sustained by the colony is shared between man and country. It ought to he in the power of juries to inflict a fine for the oflencc of drunkenness, nnd also a fine according to the amount of property the offender possesses. A question of law AS to what constitutes an aggravated assault uuder the first section of the 18th Vic., No. 9, was determined by the Supreme Court in Banco: The case arose thUHA young woman, named Elisabeth Turner, was engaged in Svdnc.v by a Mr, Little to act as waitress and housemaid nt his establishment, Mudgee. She went there accordingly; and after having been some time in Little's service, had a dispute with Mrs. Little upon the subject of wages. On the occasion in question, about 10 o'clock at night, Little, after telling her to quit the premises, seized her by the arm and conducted her to the door, giving her a push which sent her outside. He also called her coarse aud abusive epithets, and grasped her by the arm two or three tiuiea when in the street, and with such violence as to throw her upon her knees aud tear her dress. For this she summoned him, us for a commoU assault, to the Police C< dirt, Mudgee, The magistrates, however, held that this was a case which came within the. statute alwvc mentioned, which is for the .prevention of violent and aggravuted assault upon women and cliildrcn, and inflicted a very severe penalty. Upon appeal, their Honors the'Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Faucett held that the justices had been in error ; an assault of an ag"ravated nature under the statute implying something physically serious, and not that which might lie aggravated by accompanying circumstances of time and place. Mr. Justice Hargrave dissented, l>ciiig of opinion that there had been an aggravated assault within the Act. "Anglo-Australian" (of the European Mail) writes :—" I regret to state that Major Roberts lias sent in his resignation to Sir Charles Cowper, not because there has ljee.11 any misunderstanding l»etween the two, but liecause the gallant Major finds it necessary to return to New South Wales. Eveiyone who lias had business with the oflicc speaks in the highest tenus of Major ltoljerts, and I hear that Sir Charles Cowper is extremely sorry to lie deprived of the services of a tried aud valued secretarv. His knowledge of guns stood him in good stead in connection with the '-engines of war" which have been sent out to the colony, while his colonial exjicricuce was of great value in replying to communications on the subject of the resources of tlie colony. Strictly rigorous, an officer and a gentleman, he was ever courteous in his dealings with those who had business at the agency, and all who know him will part with him with regret. Captain Jopp, of the Royal Engineers, has been mentioned as his successor." The Burrnwjong Chronicle reports that a case of rather an interesting nature was heard at the Police Court recently, wherein a girl was charged with having assaulted a man bv cutting him on the forehead with a knife. The case at first assumed rather an important aspect, ou account of a warrant having lwen issued for the arrest of the girl ou the day previous, and her being afterwards admitted to heavy bail. The. evidence, however, threw quite a different light on the whole nffair. Tlie prosecutor, who is an ostler, while iu rather a jolly turn of mind from over-indulgence in the beverage wliich cheers and does inebriate, liecaine suddenly enchanted with a female domestic who was employed at the Empire Hotel. He caught hold of her by the anus 111 rather a rough manner. and demanded a " kiss." This demand was promptly refused, and the girl, who had a knife 111 her hand which she had beeu cleaning, tried to hit the would-lie lover on tlie baud, iu^^d of which she struck him 011 tlie forehead, inflicting a very slight wound. The police magistrate, who heard the case, very judiciously discharged the girl, and told the prosecutor to thank himself for what he had received. " Stolen kisses" may be " the sweetest," at the same time they often are the dearest." At the Inverell Police Court, 011 the 27th ultimo, two men were chuiged with horse- stealing, and (as reported in the Courier) were committed for trial. The apprehending sergeant gave the following description of the place where the stolen hoives were found :—He deposed, I accompanied Mr. Geoi'ge White, to the Big River, about twenty-five miles from here; I arrived there shortly after daylight when I got to a large gulf, surrounded by mountains and tlie Big ltivcr ; ut the entrance of this place there were saplings reaching from rock to rock to answer for sh'inrails ; there was 110 other entrance, and you could not get out except that way or by swimming the river ; afc soon as I got in' I saw two horses near the sliprails; the saddles appeared to lie only taken off the night before ; I also saw a number of other horses, some of theiu hobbled, and others side-lined; about a quarter of a mile from the entrance to the enclosure I saw a blanket v3it, nnd a lot of bushes which were quite dead, at the end I was approaching; Colf?an alias Corrigati, wiio appeared to have been iu bed, rolled out confused ; Drysdale, i-ollod over mid remained under the tent; I ordered Drysdale to come out, then handcuffed them, and chained them with having a number of stolen horses in their possession ; I found five sets of shoes und a complete set of shoeing tackle; I also found seven horse bells, a gun and ammunition, u bucket, quart pots, a bag containing a small quantity of flour, ten and sugar, nnd some mutton Jilt; I sawnlsoa temporary stockyard made of saplings, and a quantity of horsehair stuck in ft sapling neur the tent, a tomahawk, two saddles, two bridles, and a green-hide bridle; I found twenty-eight homes and one foal altogether in the enclosure, and brought them into luyctell, where they now are." Cimut Goulbum Argus. Secretary to appoint a Southern An,ug. mselves in £100, and two sure- Ch roiiick. f woitl- Riverine ? of the town and some friends from Bnrrangong Argus, ltitrrawjowj Chronicle. I Gazette* Goal- 1 burn HeraM. Exprm. Time*. 