CHAPTER XXV.-I AJÍ PERSUADED. ¡ So now at last I had heard the story of Uncle Silas's mysterious disgrace. Wo sat silent for a while, and I, gazing into vacancy, sent him in a chariot of triumph, chaplettod, ringed, and robed through the city of imagination, crying after him, "Innocent! innocent!' martyr and crowned!" All the virtues and honesties, reason and con science, in myraid shapes-tier above tier of human faces-from the crowded pavement, crowded windows, crowded roofs, joined in the jubilant acclamation, and trumpeters trumpeted, and drums rolled, and great organs and choirs through open cathedral gates, rolled anthems of praise and thanksgiving, and bells rang out, and cannons sounded, and the air trembled with the roaring harmony; and Silas Kuthyn, the full length portrait, stood in the burnished chariot, with a proud, sad, clouded face, that rejoiced not with the rejoicers, and behind him the slave, thin as a ghost, white-faced, aud sneering something in his ear : While I and all the city went on crying "Innocent! innocent; martyr and crowned !" And now thereverio was ended; an.I there were only Lady Knollys' stern, thoughtful face, with tlie pale light of sarcasm on it, and the storm outside, thundering and lamenting desolately. Tt was very good of Cousin Monica to stay with me so long, lt must have been- unspeakably tire some. And now she began to talk of business at homo, and plainly to prepare for immediate Hight, and my heart sank. I know that I could not then have defiued my feelings and agitations. I am not sure that 1 even now could. Any misgiving about Uncle Silas was in my mind a questioning the foun dations of my faith, and in itself an impiety. Aud yet I am not sure that some such misgiving faint, perhaps, and intermittent, may not have been at the bottom of my tribulation. I was not very well. Lady Knollys "had gone out for a walk. She was not easily tired, and sometimes made a long excursion. The sun was notting now, when Mary Quince brought mo a letter which had just arrived by the post. My heart throbbed violently. I was afraid to bivak tho broad black seal, It was from Uncle Silas. I ran over in my mind all the unpleasant mandates which it might contain, to try and prepare myself for a shoclc. At last I opened the letter. It directed me to hold myself in readiness for the journey to Bartram-Ilaiigh. It stated that I might bring two maids with me if I wished so many, and that his next letter would give me the details of my route, and the day of my departure for Derbyshire ; and be said that I ought to make arrangements about Kuowl duriug my absence, but that he was hardly the person properly to bo con sulted on that matter. Then came a prayer that he might be enabled to acquit himself of his trust to the full satisfaction of his conscience, and that I might enter upon my new relations in a spirit of prayer. I I looked round my room, so long familiar, and now so endeared by the idea of parting and change. The old house-dear, dear Knowl how could I leave you and all your affectionate associations, and kind looks and voices for a strange land ! With a great sigh I took Uncle Silas's letter, and went down stairs to the drawing-room. From the lobby window, where I loitered for a few moments I looked out upon the well-known forest-trees. The sun was down, lt was already twilight, and the white vapours of coming night were already lihuing their thinned and yellow foliage. Every thing looked melancholy. How little did those who envied the young inheritrex of a princely fortune suspect the load that lay at her heart, or bating the fear of death, how gladly at that moment she would have parted with her life. Lady Knollys had not yet returned, and it was darkening rapidly; a mass of black clouds stood piled in tho west, through the chasms of which was still reflected a pale metallic lustre. Tlie drawing-room was already very dark : but some streaks of this cold light fell upon a black ligure, which would otherwise have been unseen, loaning beside the curtains against the window frame. It advanced abruptly, with creaking shoes; it was Doctor Bryerly. I was startled anil surprised, not knowing how . he had got there. I stood staring at him in the , dusk rather awkwardly, I am afraid. " Kow do you do, Mi,?s, lluthyn ?" said he, cx ' tending bia hand, long, hard, and brown as a iiuimmy'a, and stooping a little so as to approach moro nearly, for it was not easy to seo in the im perfect light. "You're surpri'sod, 1 daresay, to see me here so soon again ?" "I did not know iou had arrived. I am glad to see you, Dr. Bryorly. "Nothing unpleasant, 1 hope, has happened?" "No, nothing unpleasant, Miss. Tho will lias been lodged, nnd we shall havo probate in duo course; but thero has been something on my mind, and I'm como to ask you two or three questions which you had better answer very con siderately. Is Lady Knollys still hero?" "Yes, but she is not returned from her walk." " I am glad she is here. I think she takes a sound view, and women understand ono another better. As for me, it is plainly my duty to put it before you as it strikes me, and to offer nil I can do in accomplishing, should you wish it, a difforent arrangement. You don't know your uncle, you said tlie other day ?" " No, I've never seen him." "You understand your hite father's intention in making you his ward?" " I suppose lie wished to show his high opinion of my uncle's limosa for such a trust." I' That's quite true ; but the nature of tho trust in this instance is extraordinary," " I don't understand." " Why, if you die before you come to the age of twenty-one, the entire of the property will go to him-do you see?-aud he has the custody in his house, under his caro and authority, 'You see now, I think, how it is ; and I did not like it when your father read the will to me, and 1 said so. Do you ?" Ï hesitated to speak, not sure that I quito com prehended him. "And the more I think of it, tho les3 I like it, Miss," said Dr. Bryerly, in a calm, stern tone. "Merciful Heaven! Doctor Bryerly, you can't suppose that I should not be as safe in my uncle's house as in the Lord- Chancellor's ?" I ejaculated, looking full in his faco. "But don't you see, Miss, it is.not-a fair posi tion to put your uncle in," replied he, after a little hesitation. " But suppose he does not think so, You know if he does,"he may decline it." " Well, that's true-but he won't. Hero is his letter"-and he produced it-" announcing officially that he means to accept the office ; but 1 think he ought to be told it is not delicate, tinder all cir cumstances. You know, Miss, that your uncle, Mr. Silas Ruthyn, was talked about unpleasantly once." " You mean"-1 began. " I mean about the death of Mr. Charke, at Bar I tram-Haugh." " Yes, I have heard that," I said ; he was speak ing with a shocking aplomb. "We assume, of course, unjustly; but there are many who think quite, differently." " And possibly, Doctor Bryerly, it was for that very reason that my dear papa made him my guardian." "There can be no doubt of that, Miss; it was to purge him of that scandal." "And when he was acquitted himself honour ably of that trust, don't you think such a proof of confidence so honourably fulfilled must go far to silence his traducers ?" " Why, if all goes well, it may do a little; but a great deal less than you fancy. But take it that you happen to ¡die, Miss, during your minority. Wo are all mortal, and there are titree years and some mouths to go ; how will it be then ? Don't you see? Just fancy how people will talk." "I think you know that my uncle is a religious man ?. said 1. " Well, Miss, what of that ?" he asked again. " Ho is-he has suffered intensely," I continued. "He has long retired from the world; he is very religious. Ask our curate, Air. Fairfield, if you doubt it." " But I am not disputing it, Aliss ; I'm only sup posing what may happen-an accident, we'll call it small-pox, diphtheria, that's going very much. Three years and three months, you kuow, is a long time. You proceed to Bartram- IIaugh, thinking you have much goods laid up for many years ; but your Creator, you know, may say, ' Thou fool, this day is thy soul required of thee.' You g.)-and what pray h thought of your uncle, Mr. Silas Ruthyn, who walks in for the entire inheritance, and who has long been abused like a pickpocket, or worse, in his own country, I'm told ?" " You ore a religious man, Doctor Bryerly, ac cording to your lights?" 1 said. The Swedenborginn smiled. " Well, knowing that he is so too, and having yourself experienced tho power of religion, do you not think him deserving of every confidence? Don't you think it well that ho should have this opportunity of exhibiting both his own character anti the reliance which my dear papa reposed on it, and that we should leave all consequences and contigencies in the hands of Heaven." " It appears to have been the will of Heaven hitherto," said Doctor Bryerly-I could not see with what expression of face/but he was looking down, and drawing little diagrams with his stick on tho dark carpet, and spoke in a very low tone " that your uncle should suffer under this ill re port, in countervailing the appointment of Pro vidence, we must employ our reason, with consci entious diligence, us to the means, and if we find that they are as likely to do mischief as good, we have no'right to expect a special interposition to turn our experiment into an ordeal. I think you ought to weigh it well-I am sure there are reasons against it. If you make up your mind that you would rather bo placed under tho eare, say of Lady Knollys, I will endeavour all I can to effect it." "That could not be done without his consent, could it?" said I. "No, but I don't despair of getting that-ou terms, of course," remarked ho. " I don't quite understand," I said. "I mean, for instance, if ho were allowed to kee.]) the allowance for your maintenance-cb ? _ " I mistake my Uncle Silas very much," I said, " if that allowance is any object whatever to lum compared with the moral value of the position. If he were deprived of that, I am sure he would decline the other." "We might try him at all events," said Doctor Bryerly, on whose dark sinewy features, even in this imperfect light, I thought I detected a smile. "Perhaps," said I, "I nppear very foolish in supposing bim nctuated by any but sordid motives; blithe is my near relation, and I cant help it, sir." " " This is a very serious thing, Miss Ruthy", he replier!. "You aro very young, and cannot see it at present, as you will hereafter. He ia very religious, you say, and all that, but ina house is not a 'proper place for you. Ic ig * solitude-its innster au outcast and it has bee» the repeated scene of all sorts of scondals. and oi ono great crime ; and Lady Knollys thinks youi having been domes-tioated there Avili bo an lujtuy to you all tho days of your life." , , " So 1 do, Maud," said Lady Knollys, who had just entewl the room unperceived,-"How do )ou do, Doctor Bryerly P-a serious injury. 1 ou nave no idea how entirely that house is condemned and avoided, and tho very name of its inmate3 ttl« How monstrous-how cruel !" I exclaime d "Very un pleasant, my dear, hut perfectly natural You aro to recollect that quite inde pendently of tho story of Air. Churko, the house was talked about, and tho county people had cut vour Uncle Silas long before that adventure ?was dreamed of; and as to the circumstance of vour being placed in his charge by his brother, who took, from strong family feeling a totally! one-sided view of the affair from tho first, having the slightest effect in restoring his position in the county, you must quite give that up. Except me, if he will allow me and the clergyman, not a soul in the country will visit at Bartrain HaiHi. They may pity you, and think tho wholo thin*»the climax of folly and cruelty; but they won"t visit at Uar tram, or know Sihw or have any thing to do with his household." "They will sfe, at all events, what my dear nana's opinion was." _ "They know that already,'' answered sne, " nnd it ha« imt, and. ought not to have, the slightest weight with thom.' There uro people thero who think themselves just as great as t ile Ruthyns, or greater; and your poor father's idea of carrying it by a demonstration was simply the "dream of a man who h .id forgotten tho world and learned to exaggerate himself in his long seclusion. I. know he was beginning himself to hesitate ; and I think if ho had been spared another year that provision of his will would have been struck ont." Doctor Bryerly nodded, ¡ind he ¡¿«id "And if ho had thu powoi to dictato now, would he insist on that direction P 11 is a mistake every way, injurious to you, hi3 child; and should you happen to dio during your sojourn under you uncle's care, it would wofully defeat the testator's object, and raise such ti. storm of sur mise and inquiry as would awaken all langland, nnd send the old scandal on tho wing through the world again.*' " Doctor Bryerly will, 1 have no doubt, arrange it ali. In fact, Ido not think it would be very (lifiicult to bring Silas to terms ; and it you do not consent to bis trying. Maud, murk my words, you will livo to repent it." Here were two persons, viewing thu question from totally different points; both perfectly dis interested; holli in their different ways, I. believed shrewd and even wise; and both honourable, lug ing me against it, and in a way that undi fiua.ldy alarmed my imagination, as well as moved my rea son, I looked from one to the other-livre was n silence. By this time I ho candles had co mu, and we could seo one another. "I only wait your decision, Miss Ruthyn," paid tho trustee, "to seo your uncle. If his ad vantage waa the chief object contemplated in the arrangement, he will be the best judge whether his interest is really best consulted by it or no; and I think he will clearly see that it is not so, and will answer accordingly.'' " I cannot answer now-you must allow7 me to think it over-I will do my best. I am very much obliged, my dear Cousin Monica, you aro so very good, and you too, Doctor Bryerly." Doctor Bryerly by this time was looking into his pocket-book, and did not acknowledge my thanks even by a nod. "I must be ia London the day after to-morrow. Bartriiui-IIaugh is nearly sixty miles from here, and only twenty of that by'Vail, 1 find. Forty miles of posting ow those Derbyshire mountains is slow work; but if you say try, I'll seo him to morrow morning." " You must say try-you must, my ' dear Maud," "But how can I decide in a moment ? Oh, dear Cousin Monica, I am so distracted !" "But you need not decide at nil ; the decision rosts with him. Come; he is moro competent than you. You must say yes." Again I looked from' her to Doctor Bryerly, and from him to her again. I threw my arms about her neck, and hugging her closely to mel cried "Oh, Cousin'Monica, dear Cousin Monica, advise «ie- T am a wretched creature. You must advice me." I did not know till now how irresoluto a char acter was mino. I knew somehow by tho tone of her voice that she was smiling as she answered "Why, dear, I have advised you; I do advise you ;" and then she added, impetuously, " I entreat and implore, if you really think I lovo you, that you will follow my advice, lt is your duty to leavo your Unelo Silas, whom you believe to be moro competent than you ¡ire, to decide, after full conference with Doctor Bryerly, who kuows more of your poor father's views and intentions in making that appointment than either you or I." "Shall I say yes?" I cried, drawing her close, and kissing her, helplessly. "Oh, tell mo-tell me to say, yes." "Yes, of course, yes. Sho agrees, Doctor Bryerly, to your kind proposal." "I am to understand so ?" he asked. J W well-yes, Dr. Bryerly," 1 replied, lou have resolved wisely und well," said ho, briskly, li)lu a man who has got a euro oiï his mind. h " 1 forgot to say, Doctor Bryerly it was very "Wo-thut you must etay here to- night." " ./.Io C;ui't, my dear," interposed Lady Knollys ; « is a long way." I) Ho will dine. Won't you Doctor Bryerly ?" Ao; he can't. You know you can't', sir," said "ly cousin, peremptorily. "You must not worry um, my dear, with civilités bo can't accept, He'il mci us good- bye this moment. Good-bye Doctor nryerly. You'll write immediately; don't wait JJ'l you reach town. Bid him good-bye, Maud. J.ll say a word to you in tho hall." Ana thus she literally burned him out of tho loom, leaving me in a, state ol' nmaz,'inentand con iustou, notable to review my decision-unsatisfied hut sun uamble tu recall it. I stood where they lind left me, looking after them, I suppose, like a fool. baily Knollys returned in a few minutes. If I had been a little cooler Twas shrewd enough to perceive that she had sent poor Doctor Bryerly. way upon his travels, to lind board and baining naii-wuy to Bartram, to remove him forthwith' "om my presence, mid thu,s to make my decision ' -u mine it was-irrevocable. "Iapplaud you, my dear," said Cousin Knollys, in li PI* turn embracing mo heartily. "You aroa sensible little darling, and have done exactly what you o ugh to have done." "1 hope I have," I faltered. <; Hope? liddle! stuff ! the thing's as plain asa pikestaff." And in came Branston to say that dinner was served. ('TO Iir, CONTINUKD.) 