The Pope and the Germana. His HowNBSs's DEFINITION OF THE POSITION o: THB' Cnnncii IN PATJSSIA. A TBBY numerous and influential deputation o Germans was received by the Pope nt the Vaticai on the-22nd of April. The address,to the Pontiff was road hy Prino Furstanburg, and the Holy Father replied in th( following words : It is,-indeed, à great consolation to me to sei you around mo in a noble circle of faithful sons and still more so when I reflect thnt your voicei ¿re the echo ot those of nil Catholic Europe whicl are lifted up io deploro the evils which afflict tin Immaculate. Spouse of Jesus Christ, the Hob Roman Church. Nevertheless, tho great solemm tíos whieh shé, places at this season before oui eyes,' nnl especially tho memory of th( Passion, the supreme and mysterious triumph oi our Divine Redeemer's love for us, should bi for me, ns they aro for you, a subject oi rejoicing and exultation. Yea; this is, indeed, a solemn season, in which it is most fitting that we should recall how many who remained indiffer- ent to the wonderful miracles wrought by oui Saviour himself during his divino missions, were , converted when they saw the groat work of Re- demption arrive at ita term, and tho soul of the only begotten Son return to tho arms of the Eter ' nàl Father. The sun was darkened at that terrible moment, and darkness covered the whole earth: " Ténèbres facta! sunt super universam terrant." lt was then flint tho good were confirmed in their re- solution of .following Nazarene. On the rest it Înoducedthis phenomenon: Tho weak and those ed astray, seized with emotion, opened their eyes and saw m the midst of the obscurity thnt which they had not.discerned in the fulness-of light, and tho recognised errors into which they had been led by the perfidy of the Pharisees, the priests, and tho impious; but these, on the Con- trary, remained plunged in their iniquity. Tho weak and the deceived cried out nt that moment, "Verily, this was the Son of God." They took courage and declared themselves openly disciples of tho Nazarene. My beloved sons, nt the present moment the earth is once more covorod with tho darkness of incredulity, and in certain parts of it the dnrk sessisthe thicker because incredulity is joined to that infernal obscurity which takes its source from hatred to God and his ministers. But this - dark- ness itself reanimates the persons of tho good, who, seeing ibo Church unjustly persecuted, redouble their onergy, arid full of courngo, are preparing then&olves; to.mnintain her rights, and to do valiant battle ngninet the efforts of God's enemies. .The episcopate* nnd the clergy of Gorinany, Switzerland, and in all parts of Christendom, united to tho Christian people, are become in our day a'spectaclo of admiration to the universe-to angels as well ns to men. They ore as shining lights, which draw towards them the eyes of all popula- tions, and many Christians nro thus brought to imitate thoir example. Oportet enim horcscn tue,vtquiprobaiitunt, mamfetti Jiant in cobis." These errorB and heresies proclaimed |to-day, and itilljmorewickodly sustained nnd spread by cer- tain men in power, cause all generous hearts to manifest themselves by defending tho truth, dis- regarding pennltios, throats, nnd death itself. It is thus that religion shows itsolf great and worthy and multiplies it's disciples, who aro thus sure, sincere, resolute, and constant ones. It was eaid ni old times that tho blood of martyrs was tho jeedof the'Churcu and of now Christians. This is what is now happening. The firmness of a great multitude, of which you form a part, mul- tiplies the itrue adorers nnd disciples of Jesus Christ. But take heed, for you must not halt on tho way, a counsel the more essential that raven ' lng wolves cease not to lay in wait for your faith and lay snares for it. All means seem good to them. Thoy enter the fold by fraud ; they em- ploy violence by the aid of those in high places ; they neglect nothing in ordor to attain thoir detestable end, which is the destruction of Chris- tianity. True apostles of Satan, they rely on tho tyrannical arrogance of certain mon by tho type of Sejanus, and persuade themselves that threats, exile and prisons will prepare the way for the Íiossible abolition of nil trace of the Catholic aith. . ? But do you, placing your confidence in the aid of God, redouble your efforts, and never forgot that human nature tends fatally towards weakness and decay, and remember that you must persevere with courage, and that he who has put his hand to the plough must not turn back. To oppose tho infidel and'wickod Press, then; to persévère in action ; to lako charge of youth; to protest by hil lognl means in favour of tho rights of tho Church, who novor lias boen, and never will bo,' tho servant, for God -wills that she bomistross; and to uplift your nrms in prayer to heaven, and only to lot thom fall whon tho onomy is humbled and tho sun has tone down. This, roy sons, is tho sum of your uties nt tho present time ; these aro tho'means' I counsol you to employ in ordor that, united with your bishops, you may soo souls restored to penco -that rolntivo ponce which wo oro permitted to enjoy in this valley of our oxilo-and the sus- pension, 'f not tho end, of tho persecution of tho Church of. Christ. Having said thus much, it only remains for mo to raise my own hapds to hoavon and invoke a blessing on you, on your fnmilios nnd on' nil those who aro absent, but -whoso sentiments you worthily, represent mid who think with und ns you. May tho Eternal Fnthor bloBs you nnd penetrate your souls with a ray of Iiis omnipotence in order to mnke you vnlinnt'chnmpioiiB of tho faith, over ïondy to combat mid cruBh tho pride of his onemies. «h y-t,M! -Kturlml Son bless you nnd givo you the wisdom nocossiiry to prevent tho impious «educing you with thoir sophisms-that wisdom which givoB you tho Atting arms to confound error and rofuto impiety. ' ' fh tho Holy Ghost, tho Spirit of Lovo.and nit"? TX* <b,ess you .nd descend into your hearts, villi Divine Spirits, thou who art come down to kindlo tho earth with love, descend now, and by thy light destroy errors and convert sinners ! Comp down and bless thia people now before mo and all those who ? are animated by tho same sentiments, and who are spread over the face of tho enrtli. May: God bless you, my beloved sons, now and for the i rest of your days; may he bless you nt tho hour oí your deaths, in order that you also, committing, after the example of Jesus Christ, your souls into the hands of tho Eternal Father, may bo made worthy to bless Ijim and praise him to all-eternity. Benecltclio Dei, v 