MR DU CANE'S FAREWELL Banquet. MR DU CANE pays us a farewell visit at an inauspicious period. Launceston staggers under a commercial crisis which is without a precedent in its past history, and if we were disposed to the conclusion that his Excellency still entertained unfavourable impressions regarding us we should expect that these impressions would be rather confirmed than dispelled by passing events. But Mr Du Cane is not now a stranger to the colony; he is, moreover, a man of discrimination, and thus we are persuaded penetrates to the causes of events which at first sight reflect seriously upon us. In the first place, his Excellency will not fail to perceive that the proximity of Launceston to Melbourne, and the large interchange of business between the two ports, tend to induce a brisker and more speculative trade here than in Hobart Town. A brisk trade is inevitably a tempting one, and beset by many risks which test commercial morality and prudence severely. Then the country which surrounds us produces the vast proportion of grain consumed or exported by the colony ; and every month, if not every other week, exhibits the fluctuations of the market in such produce. On the Southsideofthe island we have heard of denizens saying they never knew anything about wheat or flour except by their baker's weekly bills. But among us it is quite different. It is a matter of general knowledge and interest when grain has gone up or down. Of late years a further element of fluctuation and vicissitude has been familiar among us, and reflected its influence beyond its own immediate sphere : we mean mining. Our friends in the South have scarcely had the ghost of a rumor at any time that gold or any other metal had been discovered in their latitude. But we know well enough to what lengths of extravagance they were capable of being led on the faith of the most incredible and absurd report that the precious metal had been seen, heard of, or' imagined to exist within easy access. The chartering of a steamer to ascertain the auriferous resources of the rock on which' the Iron Pot lighthouse is erected ought not to have passed out of all remembrance though it happened several years ago. The scene was depicted at the time of keen Hobart Town merchants, sanguine ministers of state, prudent bankers, &c.;, &c.;, crowding the deck of one of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company's boats, all intent on the harvest of'wealth which only waited enterprise to develop it, and of the gatherings at the Wharf on the return of the Exploring Expedition ! Now, for one reported discovery of extravagant promise within the same period of time at Hobart Town, Launceston has had twenty to set it wild with mislead • inghopes, and with this further difference that an ignis fatuus has not been a uniform result; on the contrary,"when the story shall be told at some future day of our mining struggles, it will be that of struggles at last crowned with sue cess. But meantime such reports and ventures are attended by a large amount of disadvautage, and in the train of such enterprises we bear at the present time the inconvenience, the reverses, and the commercial discredit of a lax and? gambling mode of carrying on Returning to Mr Du Cane's visit, and the impressions he is liable to take away with him in respect to us, while we have no wish to extenuate any thing that is vicious, ^ we would, however, in respect to immediate occurences point out that all the unsoundness which they exhibit is not to be set down to local account. The principals themselves are not indigenous to our port, and the support they have derived, and which has enabled them to carry on business in a manner that is indefensible, came beyond our commercial and banking circle ; and thus so far, we rather have grounds in the interest of our traders who have been let in, to complain of it than those elsewhere—who may be the greatest sufferers—have to find fault with any but themselves. As we pointed out lately, the unbounded but misplaced credit and accommodation accorded from Hobart Town, deceived those among us who now find themselves irretrievably compromised ; the sandy foundation on which they trusted, they discover too late. It was persistently urged when the North took its stand on principle to the enforcement of a special railway rate, that the proceeding was one of dishonest repudiation, and symptoms are not wanting at this crisis of a wish to couple passing disclosures with that proceeding. See, it is insinuated, what these Northern folks are ! We not only hope, however, but believe, that Mr Du Cane will not take any such view. In the opposition to the railway rate some hundreds, if not thousands, were enlisted either actively or by sympathy. Moral culpability in connection with the present transactions at worst will not embrace a dozen individuals. And between the t active performers in the two cases, no identity can. be established. In bespeaking a friendly survey of Northern Tasmania from Mr Du Cane on this his parting visit, we desire also to bespeak a loyal reception to his Excellency wherever he may appear during his stay. It is uudeniable that the relations between Mr Du Cane and this side of the colony have not been so cordial as they seemingly are elsewhere. But without rliscussing tbe causes of this, we are convinced that his Excellency is scarcely, if at all, to blame. He has not disguised from others his own regret at the circumstance, and his presence amongst us just now is an earnest of this feeling, and of a disinterested wish to part with us as a friend. He does not contemplate another colonial vice royalty; he returns shortly to England, where, it may be, he will resume Parliamentary life, and either in that or in any other sphere, he wishes to apply the colonial experience he lias gained to our advan- As the Queen's representative in Tasmania he has acquitted himself with dignity ; as a constitutional Governor, with fairness and impartiality, by tbe testimony of those most competent to judge of hiui in this respect; and as the patron and promoter of public movements in which he could consist, ently join, he has been distinguished by his ability, judgment, and eloquence. It would be ungracious and not like the North, were past misunderstandings to survive to the prejudice of him who bas felt them probably more than any individual in the community has done; and were our loyal greeting as well as parting to be less than universal and hearty. 