GENERAL NEWS. On Wednesday His Excellency the Governor held a Council, at which two Minis- ters were present. The ocean mail steamer may now be expected to arrive at any moment. The Ban- galore left Galle on January 17, and is con- sequently 19 days out to-day. Her. average run to King George's Sound has been rather under 14 days and her coaling at the Sound, occupying about 15 hours, she might reasonably be expected to accomplish the distance to Adelaide in four days. There- fore, if she has made anything like an average run, she is now overdue. Arrangements have doubtless been made by the Telegraph autho- rities, so that in the event of her arrival in- timation of the: act may be instantly sent to headquarters. We understand that the whole of the members of the Central Road Board have been re-elected. Messrs. B. Smith and G. McEwin being re-appointed by the Govern- ment as elective members of the Board. Eels are reported as being frequently caught lately in the swamp and creek just above the Port MacDonuell Woolwash. It is said that this is the only place in South Aus- tralia where they are found. We are not in a position to certify the correctness of this statement; indeed, we doubt it, having an im- pression that fine eels are caught in the Onka- paringa; but we do know that a high, legal functionary in Adelaide who has a penchant for eels has bespoke a supply from Port Mac- Donnell.—Mount Gambler Standard. On Wednesday, February 4, an enter- tainment was given by a few members of the South Australian .Christy Minstrels in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, in aid of the young lad named Hart, who met with so serious an accident about six weeks ego while riding along the North Adelaide-road. The performance consisted of overtures, songs, comio and sentimental, choruses, among which were "Tobias and Biancus," and the farce of "You're Engaged." The pieces were aU well received by a large and appreciative audience, and the entertainment was brought to a close at an early hour. The monthly Committee meeting of the South Australian Horticultural and Flori- cultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms Hotel, Rundle-street, on Tuesday afternoon, February 3. Present—The President (Mr. J. Souttar) in the chair; Messrs, O. Zeigler, George Laughton, J. F. Pascoe, Dr. Paterson, Dr. Wylde. K. Ingleby, F. S. C. Driffield, J. G. Hoffmann, E. P. Sabine, C. B. Hardy, and W. Hackett (Secretary). On the motion of Mr. Pascoe, it was resolved that Regulation No. 9 providing that no exbibi:or shall stag-. v,vo ur.hibit.-. i:1 one eao-jpt chu--.e;j in e .. T ualk-d. for, shall henceforth a;, j . , A aiiS .v;£vtablo:', tie., amendm <_c. r to: icic: at. tko March Show in » .a.. It-,, y laid, eft: ilia tabic a .peach sapi - ^ i.is ganicn.', The-me&ling; than olits cr ' ; The following is Thursday Wviu tag's weather report cn the Adelaide and '.Port Darwin Telegraph Lint-Beitana, is.-, fresh, cloudy ; Scrangways Spru.gs, fresh. fine, ft v* clouds, cool; i?esk», S.E., Tight, clear, fine; Charlotte Waters, S.S.W., moderate, clear; Alice Springs, S. if.. light, fine, clear, hot: Barrow Creek, N.W,, very light, clear, fine, warm; TennantCreek, S.E., fresh, fine, clear, cool; Powell Creek, calm, dull, threatening, thunderstorm yesterday, rain 2'630 ; Daly Waters, calm, overcast, gloomy, thunderstorm yesterday, rain 0*200; Katherine, calm, densely overcast, cool; Yam Creek, N. W., light, o\ er east, cool; Port Darwin, W., fine, warm; T'iae. Creek,.calm, dull, overcast; Sputhport, S.W., fresh, oloudy, fine. What might have proved a very dis- astrous fire occurred at Mr. Lindner's farm on Friday afternoon. A steam- ongine was driving a thrashing-machine at work on his wheat crop, when a spark communicated with a two- story barn which was only a few feet distant. The fire spread very rapidly, and the building was burned to the ground. Fortunately there was not a strong breeze at the time, other- wise the wheat stack and the whole of the farm buildings would almost cer- tainly have been destroyed. Immediately after the fire broke out the men com- menced damping the part of the stack nearest the burning building, and thus they prevented the destruction of the wheat. The engine, which caused the mischief had been placed in close proximity to the dwelling and other erec- tions on the farm, a practice which all farmers would do well to discountenance by erecting their stacks in a clear space. The building which was destroyed consisted of slab sides and a thatched roof, and contained harness and various other properties at the time of the fire. — Mount Gambier Standard. On Wednesday evening, February 44 an-ordinat'on service-was held at Pirie-street' Church, when the Revs. S. T. Withington, J. H. Trevorrah, W. H. Eowe, J. Read, B. G. Edwards, and P, 0. Thomas were admitted into the Methodist ministry, having passed through a probationary service of four or five years. There, was a very large congregation, and the Rev. W. L. Binks, President of the Conference, presided. There was also on the platform a large number of ministers who are attending the Conference now in session. After devo tional exercises the Revs. Messrs. Withington and • Edwards gave interesting accounts of their conversion, and the circum stances which led to their acceptance of piinisterial work. The President then ques tioned the candidates according to the pre scribed formula after which portions of Scrip ture were read by the President, and silent prayer was engaged in. A hymn was then sung, at the conclusion of which some of the senior ministers in-full connexion approached the kneeling candidates and laid their hands upon them/ the President saying, " Majest thou receive "the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister and pastor now committed unto thee by the imposition of our Innds, and be thou a faithful dispenser of. the Word of God and of the Soly Sacraments, In the name of the Father, and of the .Son, and of the Holy Ghost, "Amen." ' Each of' the"rcandidates- was then presented with a Bible, the President saying—"Take thou authority to preach the Word of God, and to "administer the Holy Sacraments in the con gregation.". Prayer and praise were again offered/ after which the Rev. J. Bickford ascended the pulpit, and delivered an impres sive ordination charge, based upon the words, " I speak concerning Chris t and the Church."—. Ephesians, v. 32. He pointed out the great responsibilities attaching to the service which the candidates had chosen to consecrate them-" selves to; "and." detailed the various spheres of chu rch labor; also pointing out the duties of the people towards their pastors, and the prudence and forethought which were required by-tbe latter in administering the discipline of the Church. The impressive servioe was concluded' by the pronouncing of the Jienediotion," which was followed by the administration of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. V The eighth annual meeting of the Equitable Eire Insurance Company will be held at the Company's office, Hindley-street, this afternoon. ..... A meeting with reference to. the ques tion of the Glenelg Railway passing through Victoria-square will be held at the Perseverance Hotel, Hanson-street, this evening.; On Wednesday, February 4, ; Thomas Davidson, chief ."mate of the Emily Smith, brig, lying in the Company's Dock,, was found drowned between the.:vessel and' wharf. An inquest will be held to-day. Our Wentworth correspondent says:—1 ." The DaflingFere is$ feet 8 inches above the summer level,""and only .falling at the'rate of IJ inches in '24 hours," owing to the fresh from the upper river which we are now receiving." John Jsffrey, laborer, of Cudlee Greek, was admitted into the-Adelaide Hospital.b.n Wednesday, February 4, suffering from a broken shoulder and several severe bruises about .the body, which he received on the previous Mon day through thet capsizing of a cart.' On Tuea-' day, February .3, Samuel Woods, laborer/of ' Mitcham, ,was ascending a ladder, when he lost his footing and fell, to the ground, thus breaking .his shoulder: and sustaining other injuries. . .. . . On Monday evening, February .2, the Peace an'd'Progress^Lodge^No. 441.O.G.T., met1 at the Lodge-room in Morphett- street, Lectpre Hall of the Primitive^ Methodist Church, and held" a'quarterly meeting according" to"the rules of ..the .Order.. After the initiation of two candidates and others business had been gone through, the LtD,f Bro, E, Kepell, proceeded to instal ~the officers for th« ensuing^ quarter, assisted by Bro. Smart from the Adelaide Lodge Ko.'T ais G.8., and Bro.->Brown as- GvM. from the Adelaide Pioneer Lodge No. C>. \ Some time ago an additional engine, purchased for the Hamley Mine'-in Victoria, reached Wallaroo harbor by " the- Kangaroo, steamer, • hut when landed one of the three segments, each two tons in weight, of the 16-feet flywheel was found to be snapped in each" of it3 two. arms, close to'the ring/ The' responsibility.to make thi3 good, of course? fell •upon the owners of the steamer. It; was sug gested that the fractures could.be repaired, .but this, though possible dnd' permissible" if'the fractures had been in the middle of the arms, could not be thought of so near the ring. This necessitated the' recasting of the segment in thi3 colony. Adelaide was first thought of, but when it was found by the metropolitan founders that the work had been undertaken by Mr. T. 11. Heath, ironfou'nder, "Wallaroo, there was a general smile of incredulity. Mr. Heath, however, determined to succeed, and for the; purpose undertook greatly to enlarge his furnace and casting apparatus. After one or two little mishaps, he on Monday, February 2, succeeded in producing an admirable casting, the largest ever made on the Peninsula, and .meeting with the fullest approbation of Captain Warren, of the Hamley Mine, The casting is quite.perfect, '• very sharp and uniform in all its parts.— Wallaroo Times. ■ ■ The following address from.the British Templars was forwarded on Wednesday to the Presidenfi.of the Wesleyan Conference:—"To the President and members 6F the Wesleyan Methodlst.Church iu Conference assanb'ed.—. Rev. Sirs and Gentlemen—Seeing . that other branches of the temperance cause, have done themselves the honor of giving you a hearty greeting on. this the "first .gathering of your, annual Conference in Squth Australia, we desire not to be behindhand in wishing you God speed in your labors, for, Christ and the promotion of Kis kuigdciih.y Although as yet not recognised by your body in thi3 province, the maj'jrity of «>pr- le-vling • incm.b'-ra in -cnade., headed by the ilr.v. M. " T>--i!ip; .■ •ji' VA-.or.a College,, .Cobourg, Cut,.- • r -v.; •' • <>.G\ C. i,. Hi-: :r.ipi«rv s. v .. . • i 'Sm.iSyha C;-:' /v. ". •• j:.. •: ;,s :Co;;;s oi. in'n'je gi-.w-t Luiioh?) army for fyujrpro.ssiou pi-the air rS'_ .•■.-..I Irc up;o6iiu;ps£ i.rc >' customs .,t (lp. .luafcwinji iYhm h th; ; _ . _ _ .Ihafcwinjj iYhm V, the greatest on Cj-tniJun iliu .1,;: the' iutojieatar-g d;rlnks we . thai; so.juany of yrmv ;n;:4si;era .have y.i.;ir;a in tlie toa.ya anoe o'.us'e. We •humbiy'.pray that C->'i iu'Htf great geodmss .may. be pleased to direct your deliberations • for 'Sis glory, ami that you may be long spared to wo:k for Uiui and extend a faithful helping hand in every good work. We trust we may receive your hearty co-operations in our great undertaking. -Signed on behalf of the British Templars, J. Kemp Pennet, D.M.W.G.O.T., for South Australia*" 