BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THERE has been a great re-action in our mining stock. Sultan shares have fallen from £30 to £13. Blackwood residents are at loss to understand the great depreciation in this stock. It is true the last few yields have been below the average returns, but that is not a valid reason for reducing the value of the stock so much. In all quartz mines there are times when a considerable amount of what miners term dead work has to be done before shots of good stone can be reached. This appears to me to be the case with the Sultan at present. In my last week's communication I reported that in a short time 118ft. of backs on Mounter's, containing rich stone, will be operated on. Then there is Trewhella's reef, which is large, and carries gold through the stone, The Intermediate, in winze below 400ft. level, carries good stone, and there are several other gold-bearing reefs; yet, in the face of these facts, shares have been tumbling down. Perhaps corner and verandah gentlemen could throw some light on the subject. South Sultan have let contract to Messrs. Whitney and party to drive tunnel 100ft., at 19s. 6d, per foot. The Big Hill (Mr. Rogers).-The tunnel is in 360ft. Have about 100ft, to drive to reach the old workings. Expect in another month to be saving stone for crushing. The Imperial (Mr, Rogers).-Tunnel at the Back Creek side is in about 200ft. ; have other 35ft, to drive to reach payable stone. The North Cornish have nearly baled all the water out. The Company will commence sinking their main shaft another 100ft., which will make a total depth of 400ft. Cornish Company are driving north and south on their lode. The stone is not as rich as that crushed last season, but is rich enough to pay good dividends. The Koh-i-Noor Company are driving. north. The reef is 8ft, wide, and carries gold both on the east and west sides. They are crushing at present. On Monday evening an entertainment consisting of readings, songs, and dramatic performance was given in the Oddfellows' Hall in aid of the funds of the United Cricket Club. The following programme was strictly adhered to :-Duet, " I know a bank where the wild thyme grows," Messrs. John and Edward Hill;. reading, from Mark Twain, Mr. Bruin; song, "-Walking in the Starlight," Mr. Comyns; reading; from Mark Twain, Mr. Robertson; step dance Mr. Andrew Curran; song, "Jessie of the Rail- way Bar," Mr. M. Croker; reading, from Hood, Rev. Mr. Smith; song, "The Good- bye at the door," Mr. E. Hill; reading, ghost scene from Charles O'Malley, Mr. Cairnes,; song, "Flower and nothing more," Mr. Mastin; reading, Mr. Geo. Carruthers. Interval of ten minutes. Concluded with the laughable farce "John Wopps." Wopps, Mr. J. Cann; Sam Snugg, Mr M. J. Croker; Mrs. Wopps, Miss J. Gribble; Tom Chaffer, Thomas Vigor; Mrs. Chopps, Miss C. Gray; Mr. Chopps, James Wilkinson. I understand that the entertainment passed off well, and gave great satisfaction. My informant states that the readings, songs, dance, and per- formance, were received with great applause. The Club will benefit to the tune of £9. About two months ago the Honourable D. Gillies assured Messrs. King and Riddell that the branch line from Gisborne or Wood- end to Daylesford would be surveyed before Parliament assembled, and in time to be included in a Railway Extension Bill to be introduced at the early part of the next Session. We don't like to appear trouble- some to the Minister of Railways; at the same time we are determined to keep a vigilant look out, and respectfully remind Mr. Gillies of his solemn promise. The revenue is in a sound and flourishing condition, and there is every probability of a steady increase provided that the Freetrade tinkers are kept from the Treasury benches. What does the Honourable the Treasurer, now that he is on the Treasury benches, think of a Protectionist policy ? I trow he finds it comparatively easy to raise funds to meet the exigencies of the State, and at the same time give abundant employment to our labouring population, besides placing them in a position to provide settled and comfortable homes. This is the outcome of the Protec- tionist policy, via., to meet the exigencies of the State, and leave a surplus which can be profitably expended in railway extension; also to give by labour a considerably increased value to our raw material; to provide happy and comfortable homes for thousands of people. The policy of the Freetrader is the very opposite. He says "never mind finding employment for our labouring population; send all your raw material home; get from 1s. to 2s. per lb. for your wool, less the usual expenses ; enrich England; give employment to her millions ; never mind the colonists, let them starve. No, no, let us have Freetrade, glorious Freetrade, with poor laws, crime, ignorance, and immorality. Let our capital go out of the country. What madness to put labour to wool and increase the value from 1s. 6d. to 5s. 6d." Why don't they go a little farther, and import corn, cattle, and sheep ? Let us have the full benefit of Free- trade. Instead of patronising the Savings Bank, let us patronise the Insolvent Court, also get our newspapers from Sydney. Will that suit the Argus ? Church of England tea meeting, Barry's Reef.-In consequence of Friday last being a wet day, the tea meeting in connection with the proposed Church at the above place was postponed until Monday. That day was all that could be desired. As announced by placards, the tea meeting was held in the State School. The attendance was larger than the committee expected. The Wes leyans, to their credit, mustered. strongly, and willingly assisted to make the affair a success. The tables were filled thrice. Your correspondent, with the Rev. Mr. Smith; and a few others, were in the last batch. After tea, a public meeting was held, the Rev. Mr. Smith presiding. The chairman apologised for being late; the fact was he had been at Blakeville, endeavouring to make some persons happy. In returning he took the wrong track, and was bushed for about four hours. He also apologised for some other little matters. He then called on the Red Hill choir, who sang the anthem "Thine, 0 Lord, &c.;" Miss Hotchin presided at the harmonium. Recitation, " Mary Queen of Scots," by Mr. Cairnes, was well rendered. Mr. Walker followed with a short address. Choir, anthem, "Sing, O Heavens.'' Read- ing, "How to train a child," Mr. Brunn. Choir; anthem, "'Poland." Reading, "Death of Roderick Dhu,"' Mr. Geo. Daley, Anthem; " Holy Lord." Mr. Garland delivered a very neat and. appropriate address, Mr. Brown proposed, Mr. H. Anderson seconded, a vote of thanks to the choir. Mr. Gard proposed, Mr. J. Snell seconded, a vote of thanks to the ladies who presided at the tea tables. Mr. Gard proposed, Mr. Jones seconded, a vote of thanks to the Rev. Chairman, which he acknowledged. The choir and audience sang the National Anthem. The Rev. Mr. Smith. pronounced the benediction, I must say that there was a fine, generous, and genuine chris- tian feeling. The Church of England has the hearty sympathy of Wesleyans, I mean the Evangelical portion of the Church. The adjourned general meeting of the Great North Sultan Company was held at Scott's Hotel on Monday evening last. Mr. William Hinds in the chair. The property of this Company consists of the lease forming the northern portion of the North Sultan Company's ground, on which there is now sunk an engine shaft timbered and centred to a depth of 200 feet. A telegram from Ballarat, received in the course of the day, was read, stating the wish of some of the Ballarat shareholders that the meeting should be further adjourned. The shareholders present held that it was desirable the business should be proceeded with, one adjournment having already taken place. It was resolved, to register the Company forthwith, and Messrs. Hinds, Fitzgerald, O'Brien, Watson, and Miles, were elected directors. Mr. Wm. Downing was appointed legal manager; the office to be at 68 and 70 Queen Street, Mel- bourne. The Company to bank at the Bank of Australasia. The sum of £1,500 will be placed to credit of the Company, and mining operations immediately commenced in the 200 feet shaft above referred to. 