Miscellaneous. A I'AINTER being aBkcd to estimate the com (if painting a certaiu bouse, drew forth pens ami paper, and made the following cal culation " A naught is a oaught; three into five twice you can't; I'll paint your liutme for SO dollars." Co a s Ds Ebp*K4.-The engineer of one of' (he largest dockyards of Spain-a Scotchman \- notno lime back ordered several wheel barrows to be made. The vehicle, it may be mentioned, ia unknown in the Peninsula. Tile first one made was bropgbt into the yard for inspection, cairled by four men, two hoidiug the wheel, and one at each shaft. Rules FOB RAILWAY Tb*veiling Firs' make your will. Order your coffin to be *eu' home 011 ihe.following day, and issue invita tions to your funeral, .Insure yoor life in as inni;y different companies, ,and lo as large an amount, as possible. Take no luggage; you will not require any iu (be place to which you are going. Bid farewell to your family, say.your prayers, and meet your fate like a true Englishman. The Bittbh DBOP.-One who bad the re. > pntatlon of being r great poilosopber, an experienced man of tlieWorli, a profound thinker, and aa -acute observer with a deep insight into huraao uature, has left on record the rxprcusion of bis firm conviction that no man, however rich, however gifted, however fortunate in fats domestic relations, however successful In his public undertakings, can be pronounced lisppy-Whose troneara bag at the knees - Punch's Almanac, "Mr Lure i* Like THE RED, BED ROBE. -A segeiiive American gentleman says ibat »u kiea *? rogy-pbeeked.girl, *od find ypnr mouth filleil with Venetian red, and she growing P*le on it, ia trnly awiful. A Double FIBST.-Rector'a wife: "It really in a very etrange thiDe, Dibbles, that yjiu and yunrwfe quarrel no often 1" Dibbles " Erb, rnarm, it be rum,' oauae we both agree no one main point. She wants to be marster, aiid eo ilo IT"-Fun, A 1'ai.B OF FCHUE MUSIC.-The JOanlury Ntiot *»y8:~-A man who evidently has no music in himself, and is not moved by con ? cnril of BWeet koodi)*, felatea the following ext'erleocet-We adorp Pojjtie magic. We niiould have felt life's burdens en much less onerous bad we been able to bere Mr. Fugue sing some of bit own compositions. Cut we had the pleasure of attending what old Derflat called a "soiiee musical,'' at bis parlour the other ev'euSne, And during Ibe evening two wietcbtd-looklnR young ladles rendered tbe following M«eerterf by ibe moon, the harper, sioliend B»re S»lule» Ibe gloomy cuttle, gale-"What bo J" And held brave knights assembled- by tbe ." tail- i And held his tail-hie tail he held Held by hU tail-he held hie tail Enraptured byjiis tflle-he heUThis tail* His wretched tale he held-be held hia tail And held brave bnighta, assembled from the war. Enraptured by faia wretched tale of woe I John. Hopkins, tlie wea|thie«t citizen of whiise fortune in estimated at; 20,1)00,000 (i.'ls., dic<l in tint city oq Decern- j iter, 2t>. »ued 79 He lesres no heirs sot) ulrrvost all his 'wealth its devoted to-the' foundation of « hospital, clouted orphan*' h'*ow and.Uiiivirsitf, for Baltimore-Mail. Sis CharWm OltKE has aeain been de lUhtiqg.hia supporters at Chelsea with an haiani>ne ' eeaSimt 1 E'lynliy, Gorerament, UtierMVsm (t-ffeUl, and every other ism save l)ilfce.i»m. Our Sovereign Lady the Queen is credited with saying one of her "pood thiiics" ,in connection with some of these utterances. "1 do not," th« Queen in said to hkve said, smilingly, "I do not nnder HtAVn) why fce dislikes at so. His father** Minus were so different, I liavo had Sir Char.es on my knee when he Was * child,, and 1 have Btrohed his hair, I suppose I j mu~t have, stroked ft the wrong way."! Those \Mi6 met with the Republican baronet | in Ati' traiit. and who iuvc read liis bonk tiiereupon, will perfectly appreciate (he crippnenti of the Royal epigram. A Ta IK or * , WOODCOCK.-Possibly some nil) say that the value of confession as an aid to morality U atrikinsly rtempliBed by ! the fallowing trial-no. tale-of a woodcock.! .which appears Jn-a Ftench journal The ineffable tit bit tind been sent as a tribute of respectful admiration by a aportsomn to an appreciating curb Done to a golden brown reposing on the. regulation slice of toast, the glorious ftjorseJ awaited the good prieat's ktiife aud fork, wheo.-he was called away for a moment. His abseiicc was very short, bat those few seconds allowed lime to * miser able cat to moke off with the expected treat, eo at least, eaid the bonne who had cooked and aefTed op tbe bird. Easter came, and the good woman knelt before tbe Confes sional which was occupied by her mailer. When ber venial sins bad been (iespoeed of, she stopped short. " Weil Catherine, go on/ said the confessor, "others are waiting." "I dare not, father. Yuo remember the wood cock f" "The woodcock stolen by tbe cat -do I Dot!" cried the priest with a doloroos accent, which afforded anotherproof that time does not eradicate deep eorrowe. "I was tbe cat I" gasped Catherine. " Yoo ate it?" said the priest. "Yes, father, next day." "And howf" "Cold." "Cold! and you a conk who might so easily bave made it into a Salmi 1 wretched woman 1 yon shall not bare abso lotion." ?Echo. Mei-oii Growjuo.-Tbe Danhury Neat writing of the difficulties of watermelon culture, says"Can the watermelon be successfully cultivated on. saudy loll, (D » rural town of 4000 inhabitants, and a theological institute located near by contain ing 120 students studying for tbe ministry," Thfe question excited considerable comment and long discussion among the agriculturists present fat the meeting of "Tbe Hayseeds'* in Cleveland], and nearly an hour sod a half wbb gpeut in discussing tbe same. An old green grocer, who had raised early end late vegetables Tot tbe market for twenty years of hie earlier life, said he could raise melons on top of a barn, or on a billiard tsble even, let lripi pick his locality and neighbours. It is not so much tbe soil, nor season, that the melon depended upon for its perfection, as it w»B the peculiarities of the inhabitants of the country round about. Wbere there was an excess of aoloured cilicens it was almost as impossible to raise a paying orop of melons as it was to teep spring chickens, unless they roasted et night in a Herring's safe. Then, again, colleges bava a bud effect upon tbe melon crop, and even A minister's family of seven boys bas bepn known to blight a large patch in a single night. la sections of country where them drawbacks exist tbe speaker had learned tbat the only method to ensure a fall orop pf melons was to station a.man byeaoh melon from the time It was the sles of a hen's egg ootil it ripened. This Was expensive, bat tbe result w&« aiwaya gratifying. As the fruit grew So siae and approached. ripeness, tbe speaker had eometimes found U neoestaay. to place two guards over each melon, and even theu,» in communities where a tob (treat fondness the luscious prodaots elisted, bo h»d known of tbe insides pf b large watermelon being stolen and devoured when two men witb clubs were seated on a shell, or rind engaged in friendly converse. EIGHT Mubdebs in Fiunoe,-The »elgh. bourbood of' the tillage of 'Aojf8r»)l!l*i» (Selne-et-Oise) ia at this moment almoM terror-stricken io conaeqntnoe of oo less than elehl murders, accompanied with robbery,, having been committed wltblo the last taw months in that place or thelocalftfea aronnd' without (be perpetrator* io any c»«e being dhcotered. The last victim* Are two sister* nutned Buojpn, who Where foond wllk their skulls fractured oo tbe oioipteg of tbe 2£th December. The crimes hate all beencom mitted in the tame manner, aod «re«»k)ent)y by the earns banda. Thepanic to tb» district jt now to great that the itihabitaotfr barridade themselves ip their h on sea at night, and eoiroely vent are oat afterdusk. TTsbfCl CAVTwh.-WhenVtnan milks a onw he shttuld not attempt to tfhtoVe . cigar' at-the aame time. A yoaog man out in the country tried b, and got along well fcoougb until he lowered hie head aod touched ibo cow's flank With tbe lighted end of his weed* Tbe next instant himself aod duM "iritti dreadfully "pat out." Thecal Introduced about two tone weight Into one of berhisd lee", ami then passed it onder the milker's left jaw. When be ceased whirling around,, and myriads of stars bad disappeared, be said farming was the hardest' worts a tniatv could put bis hands to. .1 . How IT ib i oh 1 Bobbcbacb.-Deb Milt writes about popping1 the question pn hone back a* though fae bhl been, there*. "Don't do it; it is the moat ioferqally awakward place to pop in the world.' If you're re > jacted yon can't get away; ifyonVs accepted I ypn cant etnbraoe. Hones don't under stand that aud by tbe time you get your arroa round her the frightened anitnaispfcll | yon apart; and if you attempt to tries,yon are joggled op and Uowti *11 o»er Ihe coun tenance, kiaitag the DOM md chin more' than any otber piece., A ahost story (writeB the Jfarykorwi^fi,. Victoria, StaniardS is s not anfiltfog »eqoel to the late BOOK Boor tragedy. A corres pobdent glrea thfc circumstances at nearly as possible as they were told faint-Sotafe ten daya siivce, three men, residents of Bong ? Bong, being ont lale on buainess,>nd harlng , occatiuu to pass close by the scene of the late horrors, saw distinctly four persona (a man and fonr children), whom they "ill etantly recognised «s the rolcide and'hls family, approach tbe house and- eater, or - appear to enter, by the door. All three saw the apparition, and remarked' to each' other OD its alngnlariiy. They then tried the door, «od finding it veearely locked, de parted tu tboir .homes sadly and-silently, folly Impressed with a belief that they had Seen a ghost-or rather four ghosts. Printed es a Supplement lo the Exarnintr and Times, by Ricdabd Apflbbt Cuwton and Sahoel Ihwik, Paloierio slrest, Warwick. 