Telegrrapltic Itiül _._ I me niIUTEIl S TIXKURAMS TO associ.vti:d pukss, fllY BUnMAUlNK TEI.EG1IAPH.1 Continental. GEKMANY AND THE POPE. London, December i>. At the sitting of the Reichstag, yesterday, Bismarck made a speech in defence of the steps taken by the Government for the siripi -=ion of the German Embassy at the Vatican. His .«peech was of a conc:'iato."' character, but he took the oppoi amity of stit'i^,- ' > order to prevent any m-Vipproheusion that lie sought peace with Koine on any terms-that, so long as the Pope urged l>-'s clerf,/ to brenk the law diplomatic relations willi the Vai'Vn were superfluous. ei-jl the 15J fin. j tha daj 29, Ipswich. I 90( [FROM OUR, OWN CORRESPONDENT, 1 ' \ all; Drceuil ;r i). The Bench of Slagiatiates have been engaged all clay with the trial of the persons charged with riotous conduct at the School of ' ts. After the defendants had each made a "hurt statement, tho evldcnci for the defence was pro. ceeded with, and at the lYig of the ConttK« evening, only threo witnesses had been ex- amined. inf Toowoomba. [PROM OUll OWN CORRESPONDENT.") December 9. The Transit of Venus was distinctly seen, the day being bright and cloudless. Ravenswood. [I'llOM OUR OWN COHUEol'ONDENT.] December 9. At the nomination for the electorate of Havens wood, vacant by the resignation of Sir. E, O'D. M'Devitt, held to-day, Mr. I-f. E. King, the Minister for Works and Mines, being the only candidate proposed, was declared duly elect: * Gympie. [I'llOM OUIt OWN COUItLSFOXDEN'T.] December 9. At a ti »til 'crushing from the three hundred and seventy-live feet lovel of Nox 7 and 8 Monkland, sixty-six tons yielded 9S9 ounces re toi ^ed gold. Tho West Monkland Lease has struck a reef eighteen inches thick bealing good gold, at a depth of two hundred and forty feet. Cooktown. U'HOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. | December 7. A now rush is oxtene,;iig towards the her 1 of the Noimanby Uiver. Three ¿.lilies have been found payable in the alluvia' Business :s quiet. 1 lorses are unsaleable at ow ncr's reset >'cs. The wratlier is fine. Tho Leichhardt, s., which leaves to-day for Brisbane, takes no gold, buta large quantity was lodged in the banks this morning. iti ,-it, an )uv fly ely the ish .ed ihs too ire, life us. all the ».lil liey est of ire. nan ion s a ?ase lieh ses, ntl, of i ear Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] December 9. Alderman Benjamin Palmor has beon elected Mayor of Sydney for the ensuing year. The weather to-day was beautifully fine and clear. The Government Astronomer, Mr. H. C. Russell, was enabled to observe every phase of the transit of Venus, and one hundred and eighty photographs were taken. There is intonso excitement about the result of the election for East Syduey. Tlie Govern- ment offices have been closed all day. Tho full Court have refits, ti to d:sturb the veulict in the suit of Mr. Philpott* rw« the Biîhop of Newcastle. L-U. The pol'hig for East Sydney has resulted "i the return of Messrs. Henry Parkes, A'exander Stuai \ John Macintosh, and John Dav '. . At tho nominations for the Glebe and Balmain, and Parramatta, electorates, the Opposition can- didates baa tho show of hands. The first sod of the extension of the Orange rr'miy wai turned to-daj'. - Additional ontries for the Gold Cap :-Sun- beam, Gaslight, Ella, Nemesis, Neotsfield, Impe- rial, Bonjivoo, The Hook, The Prophet, K-ru Karu,and Lurline. Latest. At Melbourne, the weather for obsorv 'ng the transit of Venus was wretched unt¡' the closo of noon, when a break oceiu rod in the clouds, and the first internal contact was obtained. It was im- possible to observe tho first or cxtei ."d contact on account of tho clouds. Ino atmosphere w.'s splendidly stonily in consequence of a pre\ loi-s fa" of rain having taken place, and the defii" tion of the phenoirenon was very d-'stinet. liiere was no appeaiaiKe of " black el"op," and the coutact was clean. Nuiuoroiis photog.apls were taken of the i'lgress, at intei nils of two seconds ; the great tolo3copo boiog used, m we1' as he,-o. ¡yaphs,but not quickly enough to obHu-' > a-,. Tho time w.is three luinut s tli'ilcoa i 'o'V* ai'.er the expected timo of the fi ~t con' c Professor Hnrkno is, of Hobin t Towt imports that the weather was cloudy at the bc0si',;ng of tho transit, then lain to lia'f-past 2, when it cleared oil*. lie began to take photographs of the egress contact, but they were all losl. Captain Haj mond, of Campbellton, ropoi i the moi ning ¡13 being cloudy, but the weather cleared in the aftei noon, at which time the sun was f'"t visible Melbourne. [.VUSTH.V1.IAN ASSOCIATED TOESS.] De ¡ember 9. Heavy clouds and thunderstorms ti's morn- ing interfered at first with the observations of the transit of Venus, but tho weather subsequently clean i and was favorable. The first contact of Venus vv ¡th the suu's disc was distinctly seen by Doctor James Anderson of New Yoik, who was stationed at Beechworth. Later. Tho results of the various observations of the transit of Venus aro not yet known, but it is believed that they will prove to be of a satisfac- tory character. At tho Observatoiy good obser- vations were taken, with the exception of that of the first contact. In the Legislativo Assembly, this eveniug, Mr. Kerferd, the Premier, announced the receipt of a telegram from His Excellency Sir Andrew Clarke, announcing that O' Farrall, the abscond- ing clerk from the Lands Office, lind been arrested at Singapore. Detective O'Callaghau was a passenger per H.M.S.S. Legislator, for the pur- pose of identifying O'Forrall. The circuinstances of the neglect of the officer eomuiHiiding the Nelson to order a salute to be fired upon the departure of Governor Du Cane, who was a passenger by the Northumberland, t-tcaiuer, to England, until peremptory instnic tiouB for the name w ero lssuod by the Gov ei l . mont, were brought under the notice o£ tho Let, ia*\ei «serably, this ovei nie; 1 ho Colt mil 1 easuror admitted th it the w hole id ur w oh »'1 Cb (-¿ins blunder, which would not oe i og-> u A m m h is boen kt"ed by 1 jhtiung it Dow ling lotest, to day A n an supi o ed to be Sullivan of Kew Zei land notouety, has been n »sted at In0lewood Siles of Henness) s brand) quaitei ctsksat eijht sl Mi ig» YIeoeia li Goldsbiouglt and Co loport that they h ive sohl at then auction siles th s week, 2200 b les wool Gieas) fetched í om 7d to lSJcl , ii ece 15d to 2GW Supenoi gicnsy finn , othei descnptions lowoi YI ssif Powcis, ltutheifoid and Co repoit that S92 head of cattle woio ollticd foi silo to diy, wl ch changed hands at last week s puces 29,000 shec[ weie entoied foi sale, of which 9000 woie sold outside tho)aids Puces genoi ally lowei especivll) foi shoop of medium and infeliot qtnht) ' A bitt did piej foi ami chei tho bel it doo pio con tim tioi tim m i 1 hal silt the "] »I It w '1 he seen fiom ou- toleg iplnc collin chat the Hou the M r ster for YVoiks In ob torr rd, vv thout jny difficulty the scat foi tho Iveuucd) v ac it d by YIi M Dev ttt lo Dai being Sop nation Day, w llboobsened »s a geneial hohd vy, and theio is no lack of uiusemeuts piovtded for tho occasion At 8 o clock i salute of twenty one guns will bo fired at the Queen s Fitk by No 1 Bittei), QYrA A giand lempenucc Demonsti ition take» place n the Gaideus fallowed up in the evei mg by an enteil nmont, which is tobo pi esulcd ov ei by His Honoi Sir Justice L 'lo) A novelfc) m the shape of exclusions is announced, m tho foi m of m exclusion to Cipe Moleton, the steamet (tho Cupllenge) leav ig Hains whuf it 0 am lwo other exclusion» to the Bay ire iiunoimtcd one by the 1 mu, md the other b) the Scttlei, the Httoi steamei huv tig been engaged b) the YY h trf sti eot Baptist Sabbath School foi then al mai t ip Mi Kiimi'tou of the Hamilton Hote1 has also prov ded amusement foi those who choose to Visit lum 1 s piogi miine em bn "mg a nuuibei of hold sioits and aftei noon b ' i the Hau Hon Pav on lu the ov enuig, a specitl pio0 ammo w U be ofleied foi those w ho w ah to conclude tho day at tho Qucenal md lhettic Avtosr tho pt lucipnl amusements foi to d i) at loowooinbi, lie the Pigeon Ylatchcs in cornice t on w th tho meeting of the Coiiuthian Club m loowoonibn Iheio aie f fteen competitois foi the liuidtcap (value £íú) anti tho Chmipion Match js hkel) to excite cousuleiable inteiost To v>\\\ being n i tiblie ho ida), the ofhec of this pal ei w ' i emu i closed till b p m lui. I ng'sh md loioigu mais despvtchel ftom Bnsbane jesteuhi) pel It Yr S Le^ishtoi, via Touts Stunts, consisted of 23 bi0s and 2 packets coutiumig 6013 lottois, GO pitkots, anti 1S29 newsiipeis Six bigs of foioign mills fioui S)due) weie also foi« udel lui Secietaiy of the Biisbano Hosjitilic knowledges the îeceipt fiom the tioosuiei of the Y^ckhaui lei ince Pi esb) ttt ian Chinch of "26 , md ft om the tieasuiei of the YY htif sheet Con giegationil Chinch of iii 10s lid-tolloctions mide on Hospital Sutidi) ni i 1 of the funis of the i lbtitution Yin Suvw íequosts us to state that Cobb anti Co s »eiwee vins not m an) wav ¡indicated in the uccident whichoccuited on last 1 Innsda) on the toad between lownsville and Yttllchcster, md b) wl oh Mi Y\ tutehe id, of the Nitiouil Billi lost his life Hit vellido to which tho iccidetit occui i ed «ib i c ib pi) mg botw een Ylillchcoter md Chattels low et» In the Supieuic Com titi Bancp )esteula), i nile mm f i i new timl w is ginnled m the eise of YI inning v Coi sei upon giounds of wiougEul Admission u{ evidence mis dnection of the jiny, md non du action In the ejectments eise ii witch \\\ h Tooth is tho defend mt, rules ntsi weie 'so gi anted, upon neill) all the points tesoncl at the trail, to set aside tho veichet giv on foi the pi uutil) md to entci i nonsu t or iveidiet foi the defend mt All tho Hiles weie made i etui liable on Monda) next Yin Pul iv vis (d \ei) mfoinis us that at 1 o clock to moi ow iftoinoon ho ptoposcsto file i einige of about l"01bs wei0ht of powder i tidet the w eck of the llhond , md tint i week hence he w li put in nnothei blast of jew t Ou« G)inpic telegi un to day recotds a ciush tug of c\ti mid ni) uclmc«s CG tons of stone, t 'au om i aeybh of 37 > feet, huo ) elded ISO oi nccs of gold oi within i fiaction of 15 ounces ta the ton Such i cults fiom such a depth would seem to mdicito that the best d lys of G) tipie ate ) et to come lui foitmghtlv bubscnption i ght o£ tho 13i b le Veimauent lluiUling md Investment Society was hold on lucadi) evening m the oflice Adelaide stt eet Dm tng the foi tmght the tish icteived amounted to £oSd ISs 3d, seven Csh app1 citions foi loans weie lodged, md l61 new shaies weie taken up UM of om exchanges is a îiew 1 uglnnd pipoi, cilled the lento luhl J» Icpendent Its motto m each issue is-' I un in the placo vi hoi o I mi dem ulai if conscience to sjcik the ti nth, and thercfoie the ti util I speak impugn it whoso list lins join i« lh is i cached its eighth uitm her and seems to have foi gotten tlteady tho foi co and monning of the above declu ition In its i5»uo of the jth i istant it app onntes moie than one on0 n ii nticle fi >m our columns, pub li 1 i" them is its ow n The plundti sen eely mikes us pooiti, but eui out coiitemponuy atioid to begin ' *c ' i this wa) ' Such i sup pic ion of the ti tth is it once a htoiai) theft and i f l»ehood, and little enriches those who stoop so low to plumo themselves m bon owed fe ithci s Soul of the tno't cmjtisiic tests m draining it has been oui fu tuno to seo hive just been c ti i led out in 1 nghud 1 he opei itoi, Yf i Piule», w is iluiinuB of seeing-1st, whether ehlma foin fttt deei or diams two ftet deep ne the moie etlective and 2ndlv,i.ho distance fiom which wittel low» into diims 1 ud in still c1 ly soil lins l» lllustiated b) the following c\pen ment He caused i dram to bo dug foin foot deep in i piece of pistm o and at tho bottom vv ei o lud ti]e» of oiie inch boie On these was lammed lind ch) two feet deep, and on the ela) w « laid ¡inothci to v of mell pipes ind the ti elicit wns filio 1 up to the suifaco lhe ie»ult w i» th it nftel heav v i mi the low ei oi four feet ttle» not onl) commenced running first, but the flow of watci was much gieatei thin from the upptt ti«, md continued longer But this wns not ill Anothei dram of foin ftet vv a» opened pal illcl with the othei, it twent) foin leet tits lance, mid »ened m the samo wa) It then ip pen ed thit tho lu st dum had di iw n oil the watet to the extent of tweut) foin feet, foi the second dram had a veiy mfeiioi flow from it 1 \peucnce his ptoved that i soil suichaiged with w ttei cannot [et feet ci ops that excess of w atei i nu impediment to the due mechanical dtv lston of the ncttv e soil , th it it diminishes the fertilising power of any species of muutie that it lowers the tempentuic of the nias-, of the soil that it piecludes the fiee entrance mil ex- change of the atmospheric air that it prev ents the free descent of rain through the soil nittl its timelj evacuation llicseamongst other tnusims concerning drainage are as cotrect in warm na in cool chuintes -Queenslander A loon German named Kaisulkv was htely bitten bj a snake at Mar} borough When the doetoi saw the man, injection of the stionge c piep nation of annnoiu i was considered c-> euti 1 foi the eise The doetoi eudeavored to ¡,et ti , ammonia, but as Maryboiough tradei-n-i chemists included, were keopn0 half holiday tho shops wcre_closed, and the di ug could not be had The mau died; picsumibly loi want of it lue Gympie 2V»!-j asks, " Vi hy du1 t the doetoi bleak into one of the shops with the first pioc liable i e, and obtai i the antidote Vi confess tins ldci never occuued to us any nure than to tho doctor, but it is a pertinent ques- tion Wo Ike its Mgoi, and are j id ved to think that the writei must bo a good emergency ni m liiosi venerable nnh parties, " the oldest u habitants, have been for some time strange» silcjt We had begun foudlj to imagine that their g- t of îmmoi tality had f uled them at last, and that they woie acqu mg fre»h e\peiienc s under the sod Vie íellected with pim how unb.uit.ablo a location these gai i ulous old boys would find the silent tomb, and conceived it s Bible that, fieemg tlemsolves fiom their taber nacle3 of flesh, the} would be shortl} obtrudi ' then f mini mai ldoinigs in »puitualn. c c cles A feeling of snceie i ity tor t u spiiitualiats aiose at this thought The aufl* mgs m stole foi these enthusiasts, m the torm of theu i tilted boiedom of the venerable de ceased babbling their authontativc fallacies m staccato rapp ng, a lettei at a ti me, were dis tien n<ï to contemplato But the tough old p liAcsr e still, w e find, inflicting then titteily umclnble expenenccs nmong the qi c anddi not haunt the i eyons of the dead They know no medium The} never did they wcie ulvvajs at cvtieuie» The ox ti erne the} have now i cached is the etti me noitli Hie} hail fioin Town vil'e Tu e we should be content for them to îein .< i evei, but the absind old impostoishavefistei I upon some \ictim weak enough to vvoik nj ti uttoi inces into telegi uns Hie public i« ic qui ited by mellis of the wne, that atTov s ville the sun has gone m toi jewellery, and has appealed with seveial ii i"s The low neville emi is as bul as the oldest inhabitants, breaking out into such ju\ einle follies ¿t its age U tins l idiculous spectacle of sohl dot ige the ilde fc inhibitints begin to gabble foithwitl lhey pietond to an intimité knoivled0t if the s aud toll, tiftei then iccustomed uiuinei, avf I lies ibout a pievioua aequamtance with it 1 ley pi edict that thei e w ill boa hiniiciue Theiei seldom an}thing else wheie the} me the} blow olio themseh es Of com o as 1 n as the w eathei and sun nie concerned theie will be i deni cn' i It is a chu ictenstic of these futur its old dotai '». that then piophecies aie inviniablv wrong In the mteicsts of societ} we would wish they would die, onl} foi tho lellcctiou that the} would boie all the ghosts out of Hades, ind cause ' ncvvspapeis to bo swamped with awful ippi tions Ghosts maybe laid, but what hen i 1 y old inhabitants-"Specialities i tit» Quecnilun lu At the Ceutial Police Comt, yesterday, befoie MosSis J Petite, J Hardgrvve, and G 1 duiond stone, JJ P , one diunkaid w is disclnigcd, two woio fined 10s, oi 21 horns m the lock np each li Sjdnei) Moinmg limul I publishes ase es of papéis lindel the title of " A Oin se w th tile Dido, fioei one of which we extract the foi lowing icident of a diunei on board thrt v -, 1 itwl eli 1 hakomb lu w as present -"Ihetn'e soup was delicious made hora put of the io} 1 m injill offeied by Thnkombmi at Nilsova to Qieen \ letona, aud 1 enjojed it very mue' íuiotigsfc the othei dishes w ei c tw o r last dm shoteail} th it inoi n ug bj a spoi ting pai ty, co i sistmg of Sub 1 teuton nits Biemuci indHawk and li itu 1 helua-iiU staunch v ot u íes of ^ liubei t I found the fle-.li of the 1 qi i d n vei} siuntfti to that of the wild duck of A ti ilia and I am also ¡,lad to elnonicle the t let that the duck (ot which theie aie several \ me ties) li b} no mams uncommon m lrji Iney ai o to bo lound 11 hundreds ni and about t e tin patches uni islets, quite at hume in the K>lt watei Hie eonveisition vvns genei d during the diunei at vv 1 oh the King manifested ease md auton fane Hie mt of dining with ginee a 11 iliguit} is ii shaip test, and the King v. i nuito at home at tho captain s table Hu , dmod, the old Fing lose from t' table qu'ctly, and bowing slightly to 1 s kmd enteitauei undo his wa} to one of tile sofas When the cloth was removed Captain sent the vttendant to the King w ith a glass of curacoa, of wh cb His Majest} is partícula''' fond The waiter touched the King on the shoulder, mid the old wai nor tinned drow ly i ound to sea what it vv as-to be uifoi mel i choeij tones b} Captain Chapman Just at tint moment the b mil on the Peai 1, at a sh n t di tan j fiom us, happened to strike up the "Nation I Anthem, and Captain Chapman nnturallyenoue,li gave the toast of tho ' Queen ' God save t le Queen! lheelleeton Ihakombau was some thing olectiic Ho staitcd up fiom the couch, l aised th» glass high m an, and «aid " M irauia I'm inga Levu Tin ni Pentauit Viketom Bull1 ITeros to the health of Her Majesty Victoiia, the Queen of Butam I and so drank oil the contents with the an of a hiench no^le of the old ¿[/»ne The whole thing passed 1 *c a flush, but left a vei} pleasant mi nession- me which vv s heal til} shaied in bv evet}body pie3ont It was of course a mele tulle, but it was another pioof of the wondcifiil tact in I sugacit} of tins 1 ijian Pi mee, whoui it has b i the iisluoii to attacK b} ungcneious ridicule m I ilhbeial misi oprcseiitation Pin iVciu /.inland Herald of the 23rd Novetu bel ouseives -"The aitificiol aud extravag mt life of Melbourne women is said to surpass thit of the wives and diughteio of New \ork com meicial men and speculators m stock lu fuîmes of business firms, the delinquencies ? bulk eleiks, tho numerous îobberies by men i trust, the insolvencies rod composition', with ereditois, the suicides, the absconding ot In bands, and many deep and endut ig » lnisenes, ne tiaced home to a laipe e\ to tho o\trav agance of women, wl er socid stitus m such a large nu jib r i latinices is vei y little abovo the rt i classes-wonion without tuie lefiueiueut or c ' cation, and vv hose one idea is centred ii luv much di ess and jewellery tiley can obtain i ciedifc to bo charged to then husband» it i futiuedaj Soventj thousand peisons ire re polled to have been present on the i icecoitr on the gi eat "Cup day, one half of w li nn w women, manj of whom obtain their die < fiom the costlj man milliners and man die makers of Pans Of course no hw con lim women to the value of then weirmg ipparel all it cm do is to send their husbands to Pt t ndge and penal seivitude, when, their wivis hu mg canoed them to exhaust their credit th y ne\t lead them on to robbei} and peculition V suncicvi operation deseiving of iiiblic notice us well as of the attention oi siirt,e n vvithm v w dei field of piofessioual practice than that of this district, v> is (says the /llaieai t Vucuty) peifoimed on Wedue day last, by Dr L} ons of this tow u, assisted bj Dr Tarruit ut Kinmi The operation was peifoimed by a leccut invention, which we are given to un lei stand has been very rarely p acte ed in this colon} The patient was Mrs Martin Lynch t Ken i v, ale, who has suffeied from the yow tit a tumoi for somo years past, the sime having been removed twice b} Dis Marshall and Joue On the day mentioned, Dr L}ons with the assist ince of Dr Tarrant, as before tat ed, removed the tumor for the thud time bil m this installée after what is called tun ireh »or the blooilless method of operating Lnderthc old s} stem this operation could not liai e been perfoimed, as the bleeding woul 1 have been o formidable as to have interfered with the pro[ er lemoval of the tumoi Under Esmarch s ] hu the whole tumor, weighing li lb, win unmoved without a wiucglassful of blood being Io t. Dr Ljons was therefore al«o euabled to rein >ve the tumor m its entiret}, which could nevci fiave been done before on account of the blet ding This plan will inaugurate a new era m opei itive surgery, and ought to be generdly known anil more extensively practised 