"RITUALISM." TO THE EDITOR OF THE WALLAROO TIMES. Sir,—The Rev. C. G. Taplin's complacent boasts of victories he does not win, are droll enough, but they become a trifle tiresome when repeated so frequently. This contro versial trick is too transparent. Such vic tories as he claims are difficult to distinguish from defeats. I have shewn clearly that Ritualism does tend to Romanism. I have proved by ample quotations—and could give many more—that Ritualistic priests claim to he necessary to men's salvation; but to be quite exact, I have made the addendum with reference to lay baptism. That is all the modification my statement requires. But upon that point, notwithstanding the Church of England theory, I know of an instance in which a person under age, who had been bap tized by a minister was rebaptized by a Ritu alistic priest of South Australia. I am by no means sure, therefore, whether as a matter of practice, lay baptism is not often repudi ated. In this case certainly was, and the priest made himself a "necessity." I can vouch for the accuracy of this statement from personal knowledge, and I may add that the second ceremony was performed without the consent of the father. On the broad general question of sacra mental efficacy, however, it does not matter one iota whether the saving mediatorial work is professed to be done by the priest, or the priest's deputy (for sudden and rare occasions) the lay baptizer. Mr. Taplin is profusely polite, and talks about good taste, bn=ut he does not hesitate to charge me with deliberately attempting to direct public attention from the true subject of this controversy. With that charge standing at the front of his letter, his affectation of superfine sensibility for other people's feelings, is mawkish. To palaver about a name, when he has publicly charged me with want of candour, and want of honor, is cant of the most odious kind. After I have been vainly endeavoring to keep Mr. Taplin to the point, and have been com pelled by his loose, meandering, inconsequent, style of thought and composition, to go after, him and explode his dogmatic assertions and expose his fallacies, I hold it to be offensive, to be accused of diverting public attention," and "raising fresh issues;" and of availing myself of "an illustration as an opportunity for attacking the validity of English orders." Mr. Taplin introduced the subject himself and I was fairly entitled to deal with it. Mr Taplin says that because millions be lieve Bishops possess the power to make priests, it ought to be "sufficient for the present?" Millions believe the Pope is ''Infal lible—ought that to be "sufficient for the present?" Millions believe that Mahommed is a true prophet—ought that to be "sufficient for the present?" Mr. Taplin says he does not care for the term priest, but the Ritualists do. My statement was made about the Ritualists, not about Mr Taplin. I have proved, however, that neither the Ritualists nor Mr Taplin can get the title of "priest'' from the New Testament, even though (which I do not admit) the canonicity of the Scriptures be accepted upon the authority of those who hold the indispensa bility of the priestly office. And for Mr Taplin to say he gets his priesthood from a Bishop, is as inconclusive as for a Brahmin to say that the world rests upon a tortoise, and the tortoise upon an elephant, but what the elephant rests upon, he cannot tell. But as Mr Taplin appeals to the "consentient testimony of well-nigh nineteen centuries,'' it becomes of moment to enquire, what that Church through which Mr Taplin claims to get his name and authority of priest, says about his orders. In the year 1865, 198 Deans, Canons, Parish Priests, and other priests of the Church of England addressed a communication to the sacred office at Rome, preferring their claim to recognition as a portion of the Catholic Church. But the despatch of Cardinal Patrize, published in Dr Manning's England and Christendom is an eloquent, frigid, but firm repudiation of Anglican orders, and of the claim of Angli cans, to the title "Catholic.'' Even the Irish Harp tells Mr Taplin that neither he nor any one of his brethren is a priest, and that the Church of England is not a part of the Catholic Church. Commenting upon Bishop Short's last Pastoral, the Editor in the issue for May 21, 1874, says:—"Dr Short wishes us to believe that all that was done at the time of the Reformation was to throw off the allegiance of the Church to the Supreme Pontiff, and thus the Church of England became a National Church without ceasing to be a Catholic Church. The idea, however, is not only an absurdity in itself but is utterly false. The supremacy of Rome was denied—a circumstance which in itself entails the consequence of absolute separation from the Catholic Church ... The Sac raments themselves (if indeed any were re tained) were placed upon such a footing as to deprive them in theory of that supernatural grace whichthey were supposed to convey to the soul. Thus in baptism there is a doubt as to whether there is regeneration or not. There are no Holy Orders.'" What then is the position of "Mr Taplin and his fellow priests? The New Testament denies them the name of priest, and the Church of Rome, from which they profess to derive their priestly office, denies them the authority of priests; My use of the term "priestly assumptions " therefore is exactly "in place." Then because Mr Taplin would cease to call a clergyman of his Church "brother " who denies the power of the Holy Ghost to those outside his Church, it does not disprove the fact that clergymen of his Church do deny it. Hook, in his sermon on the Estab lished Churph says "Dissenters have it (i.e., 'the presence of Christ,') not." Palmer (before quoted by me) says:—"Presbyterian Scotland, Congregationalism, Baptists, Wes leyans, Quakers, and every other sect, are the world, in distinction from the Church, outside of which there is. no salvation." If we have not Christ and cannot be saved, we are denied the Holy Ghost. Mr Taplin attempts the reductio ad absur dum, and triumphantly exclaims that Christ does not say, "Come to, me by means of a Baptist Minister?" This is sheer nonsense, for the simple reason that I never said He did. Baptist Ministers do not claim to be necessary to men's salvation. Ritualistic priests say they are, Mr Taplin notwith standing. Mr Taplin indirectly charges me with of fering a "premium for dishonesty and untruth fulness," and with being "displeased with those priests who carry out their vows," I do nothing of the kind. I am not responsible for the "infidelity" of clergymen. The Evangelicals repudiate "baptismal regenera tion," which the Prayer Book plainly teaches. Dr Colonso and Mr Voysey deemed the denial of the inspiration of Scripture and the Divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ consistent with their ordination vows. To bury an un baptized child is a much less serious matter. I simply state the fact. I "tacitly praise" none of them. I do not wish to be unpolite, but I cannot refrain from saying that I fear there are a good many things about logic which are "new" to Mr Taplin, or he would never have put into my mouth the ridiculous sentence, "logic sends people to hell." Hap pily it is neither in the power of logic or of priests, or of popes to do that. If much about logic were not "new'' to Mr Taplin he would not confound sacramental grace with : the grace of Christ, he would not say that my argument reflects upon my ministrations, he would not quote a hymn written by a Presbyterian Minister (Dr Bonar) to "illus trate the chief article in the creed of the Church of England;" nor would he have quoted the words, "God visits the sins of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generations" furnishing a title of support to the idea that God sends a "puir innocent bairn to hell" for the "ill" of its mother. If much about logic were not "new" to Mr Taplin, he would never have claimed "Catholic," as the "legitimate designation" of the Church of England by quoting from the so-called apostles' creed, the phrase, "I believe in the Holy Catholic Church," as if that settled the matter. If the English chose to say every day, "We believe in the British Empire," would that give them any right to call themselves "Britons "—to the exclusion of the Welsh and the Scotch? And if they did, would not the Welsh and the Scotch reply:—"We should think you did believe in the British Empire; but we believe in it quite as stedfastiy as you, and we are as truly 'Britons' as you are." I believe in the "Holy Catholic Church," and by parity of reasoning am as much a Catholic as Mr Taplin. Who, indeed, ever heard of a Christian who did not believe in the Holy Catholic Church? But; how a Church estab lished by the Parliament of one nation and bearing that national name as its title, whose orders moreover are repudiated by the Roman Catholic Church, by the Greek Church, and by all the free Churches, can be legitimately designated "Catholic," is startlingly "new." I should have, of course, the right of re joinder to any further letter, but Mr Taplin seems determined to have the last word. If he will have it, he shall have it. I have finished. Again thanking you for your space. —I am, Sir, &c.;, J. LANGDON PARSONS. North Adelaide, July 11, 1874. 