CHAPTER XXI. ON LAND. The voyage, which, owing to adverse winds at first, had been unusually long, was over at last, and I the names of " Col. Schuyler, lady, and maid" were registered at-the hotel where they were to stop for a week or more before going to their home in Hamp- ' stead. Macpherson and Godfrey were there alio, the latter showing the city to his friend, who cared, only for the studios and galleries of paintings. After her husband's reproof Edith had made no attempt ' to see Gertie Westbrooke, but she had inquired for. her every day, aud sent many delicacies to bar, and ' once, in the distance, she had seen her shawl ' wrapped around a little figure which was leaning over the railing, with masses of bright hair falling ' beneath the pretty scarlet hood, and to herself she said : " That must be Gertie Westbrooke." But, further than that, she knew nothing of the child, until she heard Godfrey talking to his father about the cottage Mrs. Rogers was to have. " Yes, certainly, I'll ask Mrs. Schuyler," Colonel Schuyler said to some suggestion of Godfrey, and then added, with a laugh : " It seems, Edith, that this child in whom you were so much interested is to be my tenant, or rather Godfrey's, as the cottage is his. He, too, has taken a most unaccountable fancy to the girl, and, as I have ordered your suite of rooms to be wholly refurnished, Godfrey has sug- gested that we let this Mrs. Rogers have as much of the old furniture as will be suitable for that cottage. She has everything to buy, of course, and not much means, I dare say." This was just iike Colonel Schuyler. He was very generous with his pride, and besides that he really wished to make some amends for his conduct with regard to Gertie and the shawl. Ever since that affair he had felt that he might have acted hastily, while Edith's meek acquiescence with his wiBhes touched him in a tender point ; and now, when the Rogers people came into notice again, be seized the opportunity to do them a favor if possible. " They can think they are renting the furniture with the house," he said ; and as Edith signified her i approval without in the least suspecting what cot- tage it was which was to receive the furniture from i Schuyler Hill, the matter was decided, and Mrs, Rogers was told that she would find the house partly furnished, a fact which gave her much satisfaction. Since the failure of the bank, money bad been scarce with her, and as she could not afford to re- main long in New York, even at a cheap boarding house, she started for Hampstead the third day after landing. Godfrey's telegram had been received by Perry, the agent, but there was no time for repairs, nor were they needed, as the house had been well kept up, and was clean and sweet as soap and water and the bands of the iate occupant could make it. At the time of refurnishing Edith's rooms at Schuyler Hill the old furniture had been stored away, some in the servants' rooms, some in the attic, and some in the barn, but it was brought together according to the colonel's orders, and deposited in the cottage, where it lay waiting the arrival of the new tenants, concerning whom there was speculation in our little town. " A widow and daughter," Perry said, in answer to my inquiries as to who was coming to the cottage. I was on my way from school-for I was still the village schoolmistress-and, seeing the door open and people moving about inside, I passed through the gate, and entered the rooms, where I had been but once or twice since the day whan I saw Heloise Fordham there for the last time. People called it " Vine Cottage" now, it was so entirely covered with vines and creepers, and surrounded with flowering shrubs. And a very pretty place it was, too ; for, since it had been Godfrey's, he had taken great pains to keep it up, and beautify the yard and garden, which were fashioned a little after the grounds at Schuyler Hill. AU his rental, it was said, was ex- pended upon the place, and, when once asked why he was so much interested in it, he replied : ' Because it is my own, J. suppose, and I take care of it as I do of my horse and dog, which J wish to look as well as they can." Such a place could not go begging for tenants, but for some reason it had been vacant for five or six weeks, when Godfrey's telegram was received, bid- ding Perry get it ready for Mrs. Rogers. Perry obeyed orders, and in spite of the wry faces of the'young girls at the Hill, and Miss Christine's remonstrance against having her poor dear Emily's furniture degraded to such people, he collected the articles named in Colonel Sehuyler'a dispatch, and carried them to the cottage, where I found» them scattered about promiscuously, a half-worn velvet carpet here, a marble table and stand there, and in another place a beautiful rosewood bed- stead, bearing the marks of the boy Godfrey's jack knife, and a handsome burc't, both too tall to stand in any room except the parloi, where they were not ?wanted. " What is all this ?" I asked, ts I stepped over oil- cloth, and heartb-rug, and curtains. " Who is going; to live here ?" "A Mrs. Rogers, cousin to the new madame'« wait- ing maid," Perry replied, with a certain intonation ia his voice, which showed me that be had taken bia cue from the house on the Hill, and was not inclined to regard with favor the cousin of " madame's wait- ing maid." Still he must obey orders, and he had brought th« furniture to the cottage, and, as he said, " dumped it down anywhere." " When is Mrs. Rogers expected ?" I asked, and he replied : " She may come any time, but the colonel will not be here for two weeks or more. There's the, old Harry to pay up there," and he nodded toward the house on the hill. ' I tell you, Miss Rossiter and Miss Schuyler is ridin' their highest horses." . . I knew that, or rather I knew what he meant ; for it was no secret in Hampstead that the ladies at Schuyler Hill had declared war against the new mistress, who had been only a " hired companion." " War to the knife," black-eyed, yellow-faced Miss Christine had said in the presence of the servants, who of course repeated her words, with possible additions of their own. And that was about the state of affaira at the Hill j' but it was not for me to question Perry, and so I made him no reply, but improved the opportunity of going through the house; where my ojd friend, Heloise Fordham, used to live, and where I had' bidden her good-by with promises to care for that grave on the hillside. And I had cared for it regu- larly and well at first, and then as years went by, and she neither came to see my work nor sent me any word, I gradually began to grow a little lax in my labors, and now it was weeks, if not months, since J. had been there or even thought of it But I remem- bered it that morning when I stood in Hsloise's old room, the same where I had seen her with the tears in her eyes and the tremor in her voice as she talked to me of Abelard, who " was not her beau," and yet | very dear to her. There by the. window .-she had stood and cut the long curl of hair and given me the vase for Abelard's grave. I had them both in my possession, the vase, which had for several seasons done duty on the grave, and-the bright tress of hair, faded now a little, but beautiful still in the box where 1 kept it. " And where is the young girl ?" I asked myself, as I stood there in her room, " and why has she never written me a line in all these years?' Then, as I thought of the-neglected grave, I said, aloud: " I'll go there to-morrow and see what I can do. It must be sadly overgrown by this time." But it rained the next day and the next, and so I did not go, but came each day by the cottage, where at last I saw the new tenants, Mr. Rogers and her daughter, little Gertie Westbrooke. The child was in the garden close by the fence, and glanced np at me with a look which made me atop instantly to gaze at her, while tbe smile which broke over her face and shone in her blue eyes took me straight through the gate to her side, and before I knew at all what I was doing or why I wag doing it, I was talking to her and seeming to mytelf like one who walks in a dream and sees there things which he has known and seen before. < Surely that smile, which came and went so fre \- quently/and that voice so clear, and sweet, and ring- ing, were familiar to me, and I said to the child : " Have you been here before ?" " No, ma'am ; I was bred and bom in London. I nover was in America until now, and yet it's funny that this place seems iike home, and my room is just w,hat I thought it would be. Won't you walk in, please, and see auntie ?" she said, and I mechanically followed her into the cottage, where she presented me to the woman there with all the air and grace of one born to the purple. " " Anntie, Mrs. Rogers ; this lady is-I don't believe I know your name." And she turned inquiringly to me. I told .her who I was, and then inspected Mrs. Rogers cunouslyi and wondered to find her so dif- ferent, from Gertie. She spoke very well and ap- peared well, but showed at once the class to which she belonged; nor did she make prétentions to any- thing else that she really was-a plain, uneducated, sensible woman, who had come to America to better herself and he near Norah, her cousin. ShBiwantèd work, she said, ond asked what the probabilities-were of ber obtaining employment in Hampstead, either as plain sewer or dressmaker, or both. Of course, I heard about the lost money in the bank, and, received the impression that she bad seen bettor'days. Everybody who comes from the old country has, but that was natural, and I liked heron the whole, and thought her a woman of great tact and observation, and promised her my plain sewing and my influence if she pleased me. "- That was Mrs. Rogers ; but Gertie, beautiful, bright-haired, blue-eyed Gertie, with that winning voice aniperfact grace of manner, how can I describe her as she was when she first came to me like a new revelation of all that was sweetest and most lovely in early girlhood P I cannot do it, and will only Bay that from the moment I looked into her wonderful eyes and felt their influence, I loved her dearly, and loved her- ever after more and more, and love her now as I write of her with a love which sets my heart throbbing, and makes my cheeks burn with excitement. Darling Gertie, my rosebud, my pet, my idol, how little I dreamed as I stood talking with her and telling her of my school, which I hoped she would attend, of all the strange events which in a few short years would be crowded into her life, or of the blisaful end which came at last with the clang of marrilge-belli and the golden glory of the October time. Atri. Kogers would be very glad to send her to school at once, she said, as she was most anxious for her to have a thorough education, and the very next day she sat m my schoolroom in her dainty dress of blue, with her pretty, white-ruffled apron, and ber auburn hair rippling all over her finely-shaped, in- tellectual head. I walked home with her that night, and found Mrs. Rogers in a great deal ot trouble about the bedstead and the bureau which would "go nowhere," and seemed so out of place in the cottage. "-Where did they come from? i>id the other tenants use them ?" she asked, and as I did not see fit to enlighten her, she finally determined to store them away in the woodshed until Mr. Godfrey came, " I am «bia to furnish a few rooms decently well myulf," «he said, with a little flush of pride ; and three days after, when I went in with Gertie, she took me up to the child's room and asked me how I liked it, ' It was the same room Heloise Fordham used to occupyy-and it almost seemed as if she was there agam herself at my side, as I stood looking at the ptetly .ingram carpet and the single bed, with its snow-white draperies, the low chair near the window, and the table for Gertie's work, and the swinging sbelf for har books. " It ia a pretty room," I said, " and it looks as it did when Heloise was here." " Who P" Gartie asked, sweeping her hair back from her forehead, just as I had seen Heloise do so many times. " Who did you say used to be heie ?" " Heloise Fordham, a young girl about my age, or a little older, whose mother occupied this cottage twelve or thirteen years ago," I replied, und Gertie rejoined : " Why, that is my name, too 1" " It is ?" I asked, and she rejoined : " Yes, Gertrude Heloise. I write it Gertrude H. for short. Don't you know ?" No, I did not know, and I had no suspicion of that, which had I known it then, would have taken my senses away, I venly believe. " Tell me about your friend. Waa she pretty, and good, and happy ? I like to know who has occupied my room before me. At Stonewark, where we were a few weeks last summer, they said my room was haunted by a girl who killed herself for love. Auntie did not wish me to sleep there. She's a bit superstitious, but I was not afraid. I liked it, and tried to keep awake nights to see the ghost which threw itself out of the window just at midnight, but I alwaja went to sleep before it came. Where is that Heloiee, now ?" I did not know, but, questioned by the eager little girl, I told a part of the story, and then, as she grew interested and begged for more, " for the whole, the very whole," I told it ber, thinking when my con- science smote me a little that after all there was no harm in telling, as no one could be wronged. Heloíse was either married or dead, the latter pro- bably, or- she would have written to me, and so it was no matter if I did tell her story and Abelard's to the child who listened so intently, her large blue eyes oiling with taara, which rolled in torrents down her cheeks when I spoke of the dead man lying on the grass, bia fnce all wet with blood and a withered white rose pressed inside his flannel shirt. I sup- posed she cried for him, and to a certain extentl dare 6»y she did, though her first words were : " Poor fellow, I'm so glad be didn't let Godfrey be killed." This was the first time she had mentioned Godfrey to me, and as I had the impression that she did not know bim, I was going to ask her about it when she ?aid eagerly : " And h» waa the young girl's lover, and she only fiftetn; that's funny. I'm twelve, and I should not think of having a beau ; but go on and tell me more and what they did with him, and what Bbe did, and all of them." I. told her what they did, and bow for a day and a night the' body lay in the parlor below, and where tbey buried it, and about the monument and my promise to keep the grave clean and nice. "And have you done it?" Gertie asked, her cheeks like roses and her eyes as bright as stars. I confessed to recent neglect, and said I bad been there but once during the summer. "Then it's awful by this time," Gertie said. "Let/s go and fix it to- morrow,you and I, will you?" I promised that I would, and then, as it was grow I ing dark, I bade her good night, she saying to me in a whisper: ." I'll not tell auntie about that girl that used to have , my room, because if I did I'd have to tell about the body which lay in the parlor, and she would surely see, his gboat- She ia afraid of 'em, you know. I guest that class always are." She speke of her auntie's belonging to a class dif- ferent from hert.lf as naturally as possible, and still with n<j shadow of contempt oc disrespect in her voice. 'Mrs' Rogers had alw»ys taught her that though she must expect nothing from others on account of it, she was superior to people like herself and Norsfc, and Gertie accepted it as a fact, not i knowing exactly whether it was the forty pounds a i year, or the big house where she used to live, or the | dead mother, or the father who would not own her, oi> til« grandmother she had never seen, which gave har the precedence. Still this did not abate ber love one whit for herfoster-mother, and when as I went through the gate I looked back a moment, I saw her with one arm thrown around Mrs. Rogers' neck, while her soft, dimpled hand lovingly smoothed the hair of the woman whose face, even where I stood, showed bow dear to 'her was the affectionate little girl. (To be continued.) 