THE WICKED WORLD- # - I" £Bt'StABCtrS CXABSJS. . v. , » _ -- .i . ' t. : nx i DOWN CAMOMILE STREET. '.J Camomile etreet is tits biggest street of Fawkner's-town ; That is to sey it is the biggest in a notablesense. Boom street (so named After that celebrated commander, General Boom, F.G.C.B.) claims pre-aminenoe in the matter of. site and breadth, and Cygnet street — were Pake's Bridge bat shifted somewhat— would in many persons' opinion compare with it in point of beauty. But Camomile atreet is so eminently genteel. The Daily Tickler has its office, in Camomile street. That great organ of public opinion, the Peacock, spreads its tail there, and is usually alluded to by the Periedt as our " Camomile street contemporary." The Platypus Club is in Camomile street, and the Flatypi are very haughty persons. The Wool sack hotel is at the western end of Camomile siteet. The Block is in the middle of it, between Cygnet street and Gloriana street; while Avernus, where Mr. Sorype, little Tommy T6t, and mouetacbed Capricorn rig the share-market, stands Agape for any prey that may have escaped from Galen square or Camomile street east. Gslen square is devoted to the residence of the medical profession. Medioine in Fawkner'e- town is very highly thought of. Indeed, it is considered that Little Cupps, Doctor Brian de Bois Guilbert, and Cosmopolite Hanks make mere monev between them la the course of the year than any one, except Josephus Abhorson, the leviathan bookmaker, and the Reverend Vox Humanum, of the Neo- Baptist Chapel. The tall, solemn, and funereal doors of Gaien Square are ever thronged with pttieats The oarriagee of the rich and great— the traly sublime and beautiful— are to be seen there. Mrs. Bangho Bloggs, the Wife of Bangho Bloggs, Esquire (Jostioe of the Peadei and Manager of the Penin- tular and Polynesian Banking Company, Limited) k frequert in bet attendance. The champing horses ofTootlepegsSmith (Smith, Smythe, Smyth and Co., Importers of soft goods) are to be daily wen spurning the mean earth in their passage to And from Dodtor Trooar, M.G.S.D.S.V.P. Lond. Kam. Spitz, Chumpberry Hioke, the wholesalemen- and-boys-trouserings-none-genuine-unless- bearing our-trade-mark, would not allow a little Hicks to enter the world of trowserings without the assistance of Doctor Glaviceps (of Cloetrum and Claviceps), and it would be impossible for Reaohmedown, of the Behemoth Boot Factory, to lire a week without the atten tion of Sphericarpus Skoe. Eaoh resident Of Fawkner's-town has his or her particular physician, and Galen square is alive from morning till night. Miss Fink, who imagines that she has i swallowed a viper's egg, and that her etomaoh is in consequence a mere cistern for foul toads to knot and gender in, prefers the ministrations of Mr. Samuel Falpicornis, who has a soft voice, ah insinuating manner, and a keen Bense of humour which never breaks into incredulity. Sophonisba Griskin, widow of Captain Griskiu late of the Berk" ihire Yeomanry Cavalry, and oonneoted with the Gryskias of Pettitoedwyl, North Wales, is enrap tured with blunt Shamshoo, who roars into her ear and says "Now, ma'am, now, ma'm, how's the tongue, ma'amP putitout, ma'am, right out, ma'am! by G— , ma'am, there's no flinching with me, ma'am 1" Trinoulo Numps, who carries his arm in A — — — 1 — — - — 4A wing waeuoTw up guoo hi risib uib uipuuai attendant, patronises Oapax, oalled Dolly Capax by his friends, .who smokes short blaok pipes and fights oooks in his back yard. Julius Mildman, of Mildman, Buttermelt, and Co., of Little Merkin lane, Melbourne, and Milk street, Oheapside, will have no one but Doliobos Dorsum to advise Upon bis ailments. Galen Square has stomach for them all. Nor are the inhabitants less diversified in their customs than in their praotioe. Some dress in the orthodox black, borne in ooatsof many ooloure. Little Potte, late of Her Majesty's Camel Troop Contingent, Maeballaharabad, wears white jean boots, striped browsers, a wide-awake hat, and i fingers sparkling with diamonds. Romulus J. Chaw, of Philadelphia, on the contrary, goes about like a mourning orow, and Carriole Clough is never to be seen but at the tail of two maddened steeds, rushing down Camomile street like a whirlwind. In Galen square live Surgeon Pillioosby ; Doctor K. K. Rrammer, the only legally qualified i medioal practitioner in diseases of the pineal gland (where, ifyou remember, Desoartes thought I the soul was situated) ; Doetor Poldoody, nephew I to the Poldoodys, of Oysters-town ; Heliogabalus I Jinks, the ooulilthnd aurist to His Majesty the K Grand Chow otKrim Tartary, and by speoial I appointment chiropodist to Prinoe Paul; Chin- I ohonums Ghm,.MD.F.RAii!.D.3L, dwells there, and may be seen any day ttrolling up to the Platypus and dArk brandy. Fusel Oil street cuts Galen square at right I angles. FuselOilstreet is suffering a reoo- f wy« It used to/be a highly imm| street. I Mrs. Jssebel -tones lived there— that horrible I snuffy old woman .whom one would see flitting. I round the Polich Court of a morning, clad in a I light yellow tndhui shawl, wearing snperb jewels I on her sktony/JLngers, but perceptibly having I neither stockings nor under-linen. It was in I Heliotrops Outage, off Fusel Oil atreet, that Jack I Oonaington, of tfceFifjhtmg FortyFirst, fell among I thieves and was &eil;&iti;>d of katch and garments, I toing oonveyedtobarraoks in a suit of newspapers I by a discreet oabmaa. It was in FuselOilstreet that Valdepenbs, fresh returned from New Cale donia, challenged the Imperialist dragoon to single combat, and "received a thrust through his forearm. It Was in Lyoks Villa that poor, reckless, ruined 8artorfs gasped out his brandy-maddened soul. It was in Barine Lodge that Julias Saint: saw the ghost of his old sins rise up to condemn him. It is not good to linger in this narrow street j let us hasten on. . Here is The Daily Tickler and Weekly Chimes office, with its front door plaoarded with carica tures by Joe Barrington, and itB passage thronged with eager moralists upon John Stuart Mill. Here is the ,f Peaoook" office, with Chips the 'leader-writer airing his boot-heels in the passage as usual ; there the Cassowary Club, with CEdipus Quaokendrum writing " Punch" copy in the upper window. Underneath- the. Cassowary window stands ever open the door of the Iphiginia Oaf 6 and dining rooms, where congregate from morning until evening the scandal-mongers of the metropolis. If a good thing is said at the Wool sack, you will be sure to hear. it. at the Iphiginia in thirteen minutes. Next to the Cafe is the Peaoook hotel, with jolly Hans Breitmann at the door. Alas, poor Psacock hotel ! thou hast seen many changes since the wits of the town — there were wits in those days — sat at thy table round and bandied jokes at the great Thunderer himself. Where is Hoffmann and his bull-dog ; Alcibiades, barrister- at-lavr ; Hopkins Marohmont; and Roger Wildrake, 'of Sqiiattleseamere, in the moiet county of Lincoln, gentleman P Ah, where are the Snows of autumn ? O Camomile street, street of incongruities, I confess to an affection for thee! I like thy fine carriages snii kliv illaiivAMAfi ftAftftfimAn. f.liw nlflkAi? awnnsa —V — —I —J ««mmvoo| and thy spavined horses, thy glowing silks mad thy pinchbeck nobility of the counter. When Dr. Bemba, blazing with jewels, whirls past in a reload of dust, I smile and bow pleasingly, for has not this little dandy doctor, . In chariot dazzling with diamonds And gorgeous with grooms, devoted many an hour, whose minutes were heavy with guineas, to the cheering of poor Jack Walkingham, and the operating upon his unlucky leg P When my old friend Bullion, the banker, hurries past, with that Newmarket walk which makes one wonder if he has to ride fifty miles for his life every morning, I am not envious— not I. When the carriage of Mr. Timotheus Tucker, M.L.A., draws up to Coodle's, the cir culating library, do I overlook at the honourable gentleman with that expression in my eye which means "I remember the day when your mother had so many children she didn't know what.to do, and kept the Red Boot in the City Road." I hope not. SeeFango and Dango, the opera eingers; how majestic is their gait, how noble their deport ment« Notice their gloves, hats, and boots. Who would not be Fango or Dango P What equipage is this, with the tiny ponies and the silver harness P Is it LaBegutoe returned from Rotten Row? No, by the powers that smile on virtuous love, 'tis Charivari, Prince of the Haute Eoole, and Lord of the Blazing Belt. If one were not Fango, one would surely be Charivari. Now turns from Cygnet street — 'tis the ninth time they have done the Block to-day — the red- wheeled buggy of Olippertty witohet, the Oceanic Comique When I contemplate the many wealthy men of letters, I am not surprised that Clippertty witchet can afford to drive this d zzling vehicle. 'Tie proper that he should, for what succeeds- dike success P Now we mark the carriage of Hurlo- ' thrombo, five times something in the Govern ment, and bow— if we are on that footing of. familiarity— to Mrs. Mozart (her husband trades under the name of Moss, Hart, and Co.), who wears diamonds as big as pigeon's eggs when she applauds "The Christian to the lions!" in " Pollute." Puffing and blowing, like a miniature steam- engine, is little Cape Coast Castle (of the Castles of King's square), the distinguished Indian ohess player home on leave. He is noted for his supreme contempt for the oivilisation of the hour, and is ever to be found chatting to the most disreputable man of the day. " I am on an island," he says, when you expostulate with him, " and my name is Cape Coast Castle." It iB reported that he plays high at the Royal Fum, and has been rooked to a large extent by those merry dogs, Messrs. Shaker, Tom Copp, and Props of the Isle of Man hotel. Ah, here is our Oby ! Oby is Obediah Prawn, son of Prawn and Cursetjee, the India house. He is an elegant fellow is Prawn, dyes his hair, rouges, and is re puted a terrible woman-killer. Doctor Munoker, who administers eitz baths daily to the poor creature, can tell you how much he is maligned I in this last interesting particular. : Arm-in-arm are young Beet and the Most Noble the Marquis of Skimmiik out in Ids yaeht seeing life. Young. Beet, the heir of Old Beet, cousin to The Mangold Wurzel, and supporter of the Hanoverian Sue- cession, is much flattered by the attentions of the great little man. Skimmiik is a rioketty, four-feet- two, and Beet is laughing ostentatiously at his lord ship's jokes, which, to tell the truth, are not very : entertaining. His lordship meanwhile is eager for the approach of his mate, Doctor Codd, who is "doing" an sccount of the voyage in a style whioh , . his dry humour will render highly, attraotive. Tom Twotooth pm ue. . Tom, : dost remember when you and I rode into Gipps Land and breakfasted with Ronald Maodonald ?— poor Ronald, he's dead, Heaven rest hie soul. But cross we the road. Here is Attenus at last, the Unholy Sharemarket, in full blast. Here are Ouuoe, and mmbo, and Mithridates Bong. Here lounges peaoefol Sporkina, or shouts furious Orambambuii Banks, moef iniquitous pf speculators. Mr. Retype leans agfciet V verandah po»t> Tommy TAb bores into the rich quartz of some unsuspecting Philis tine, , and Capricorn twirls "his . moustaches in Mephistophelianglep., All . day the din of battle rounds to and about this dusty, dirty, uncomfort able Verandah. U&s.; Jordan, blackest-eyed re incarnation of the Merry Wife of Windsor, drives a roaring trade in her hostelry below ground. The place swarms jwith human beings as an ant-hill swarms with ants. All languages are spoken, and there the mildest of us grows familiar with uncouth oaths. Strange utterances perplex the stranger whispers of £ Pups" and " Fleeces," " Murderer's Gullies," and " Amalgamation Flats." Hansom cabs arrive dnds depart incessantly. Everybody is in a hurry. 5 Everybody is making money. No body can spare time to he occupied with anything, but Shares. Standing one day and surveying the struggling humanity beneath this twenty yards of verandah, I thoughts-Is there not here a life whioh might be with propriety depicted, is there not here something of human interest not altogether un- noteworthy, something of modern civilisation not quite nnentertaiqing ? And thus reflecting I con ceived the notion of a series of papers which .should embody /this Camomile atreet civilisa tion, this evanescent life of the share-marked this fleeting romance of speculation, this pushing of doctors, this preaching of parsons, this confusion of opera, carriages, mines, misery, journalism, theatres, politics, and worldly prudence which we call Life in Fawkner's-town. Perhaps you do. not (Are to occupy your self with your own century. If so, dear reader, we part, l trust, wicu mutual esteem, if you, contrariwise, .consider half-an-hour in my company not thrown away, we will wander through this great Mushroom City together. I know every part' of it. I have dined in Galen square, perambulated Boom street at midnight, quaffed champagne at the supper tables of jovial Padding and Psintpot of the Isthmian Theatre, smoked with Failgo, abBinthed with Dango, heard the chimes at midnight with Tom Idle, and sat out the night wi(|h philosophic Philomath, the student of the istare. From Fawkner's wharf, where, in the Sturgeon Tavern, I first met Cap- tarn Walrus of the Mermaid, to St. Ignatius- hall, where preaohes Vox Hqmanum, the town is "mine. We "will explore it if you will. We will beoome, if it please you, acquainted with the various solar systems of doctors; lawyers, parsons, brokers, Jews, Christians, dog stealers, money lenders, author, pawnbrokers, actors, attorneys, ..barristers, artiste, bookmakers, publicans, diggers, sailors, squatters, orators, politicians, merchants, beggars, and thieves, who make lap this Wicked World. You will come ? Good. Then where shall we go behind the scenes of the Isthmian Theatre, or to a lecture by the Reverend Crump ? I am equal to either fortune. Deoide. Ml— WBBW 