NOTES BY A SYDNEY MAN. 1st October, 3874. . Quite a change liaR taken , place, again ii) the .weather, nnd for the pnat two days it seems that winter is coining hack again with all ' its coldness. The chnnso has brought a cold, wet time of it hack to rn, which will he the means of adding 1 ho doctors' visits to our houses. To day n cold and constant rain bus set in, with every api>earance of a continuance lor, some clays. 1 imitce that in several parts of .the country it has bceu very cold, oven to snowing. . Rrcndstuifs nre without alteration ax regards Adelaide brands, hut for Sydney mills prices are not very settled— last week's prices u»ay be quulcd. Scarlet fever has been very bad for some timo back at thu King's school, Parrainatln. On Tues day last the head master reports- the "fever to havo almost disappeared, nnd there has not been any fresh coses for ten days. The patients are nearly all cor. valesccnl." Mr. John Young, the well-known contractor, is now erecting vury extensive steam stono-dressing works near Cmvper's whnrf, Wooloomooloo Buy. Tho erection of these works may bo taken ns solv ing tho question concerning tho mnrldo quarries on " M.irblo" Island, ofT the Queensland cuast, which hnvo of late met with vigorous development at tho hnnds of a few Sydney capitalists. Mr. Tnrkes has expressed himself to a deputa tion of tho merchants nnd others interested in the progress of New South Wales ns favourable 10 the full nnd fair representation of this colony nt the exhibition to he r.pcnod at Phlludelplua, U. S., 011 tho lOtli April, 1876. Tho Bill for whipping the larrikins introduced into tlio Victorian Legislative Couucil forbids nil assemblages of boys ut the street corner. Boys under sixteen convicted of larrikinistn for the first offence nro to receive not mora than twenty strokes with a cane privately, nnd to be immediately dis charged. For tho second offence thirty strokes arc to hoinfiicted, with imprisonment. Older offenders are to bo suvuroly dealt with. The whippings nre to tnko place iu tho lock.up, the cxecuiionvrs being policemen. I would remind tho custodians of the pencil Hint there nro places in aud about Sydney that need Ihutr nightly vigilance ninre than tho verandahs nf the watch-house. Places such ns number of thclancs and streets in Wooltnomoolon, that nre ill lighted and lonoly, through which timid females hnvo to pass on their way homewards (a policeman never being seen), and where ruffians prowl about for the purpose of insulting and frightening them. 1 would also call the nttcnliou of those whoso duty it is to see that pence is mniti. Inined iu the city to thu mobs of young men and hoys who nighllv obstruct tho corners of some of our principal crossings, nnd notably tho pathway in Oxford-blreel, ucar Liverpool- street, and again nt tho Crown nnd Bourko streets corners. I have frequently seen females leave thu pnthwny nt those places in order to pnss thu mobs stationed at tiicm. William-street is no exception, for nt most of its corners the same kind of mobs are to he sceu nightly, insulting passers-by with their jeering re marks. Sunday is no exception to tho rule; and- if the police would 44 movo along" this latter street hot ween the hours of eight and nine 011 aomo of those nights It might perhaps somewhat damp tho ardour of these scoundrels, and respectable people would ho allowed to pass both going nnd returning from Church without bciog jeered nt by thoso who nre fast perfecting themselves fur quarters in uur gaols. On Saturday Inst some ten or fifteon thousand person, including Lady Robinson and several members of the ministry were present to witness 1 ho grand Intercolonial Champion Boat Racoon the ParriiniMtn llivcr. The start wns effected nt about a quarter past five, although four o'clock wns the time stated ut which hour our men were reaily. The Victorinn crew made ono good spurt, hut, noiviihstnuding, tho Now Smilli Welshmen had it nil their own way, ami won just as thoy liked, coming in about 1U0 yards ahead, the time being 22.»ni»utes. Thcro wns n strong flood tide nt the ttmo uf starting, with tho wind biowim: hard. It has becu staled that Henderson, one nf the Victorian crew, was taken- ill, and that their boat was badly steered. Of course n defeated party will always find some excuse to ofler for the ewnse of their defeat. No accidents occurred on the river; nnd hmh crews were loudly cheered on re turning to their rcspcctivo places 011 the river. But little of the race was seen by tho crowds ou the many xteamcrs, owing to thu deuso clouds of smoke that catuo from the sterner, and which was carried right over the gigs. 1 am very sorry to sny that ivn hnd to' go to Victoria for our boats, which duos not look well. Why such wax dona our boat club ought to liu called upon to uxplain. We hnvu boat builders, who ran build and finish a boat quite equal lo our Victorian neighbours. When next tho honour is compnicd for, I hope New South Wales will not have to bcikI to Victoria for a boat. tTmm Mia M i.I tiimrnn mi nnrs I tin fullnwinn l,i of tho comic in the serious is taken 14 New Insolvent— James Ilcncry, publican, and pig donler, .Gcolqng. Liabilities, £527 9s 4d ; assets, ono small piu." The now King of thoSandwich Islands. Kala- kaua, who wns. at onetime editor of a paper at Honolulu', has appointed a brother journalist (W, L. Green) as' his Foreign Minister, 'and be has given office to three other editors. A gas oxpluaiun took place nt the Queen's Theatre on Tuesday night. Messrs. Winning and Btowart, who were hurt, were taken to the In- firmary— otic of the Girard brothers was also hurl. . it L alleged that the IVemifcr, the Hon. Ilenry Parkcx, bofWo paying Uivcriua a visit, handed over £IIH)0 for the erection of a Roman Catholic Church At' Alhury. A Farmers' Mutual Insurance Company has lately been formed at Orange, by which farm ! property may be insured from loss by fire, hail, or other casualty. W. D. CavRnough del'vered a lecture on phren ob«gy under the auspices of the Alliance lor thu suppression of intemperance. The Temper iucc Hall was crowded. Mr. Crivauougli will bo re- memhored by your readers. Tho Australian Mutual Provident Society have just issued n must successful report. The gross surplus exhibited in tlio quinquennial balance sheet amounts to £259.899 IPs. This includes £24,714 lOsMCStlpiatcd increased value of Govern- jnunt duhunlim'. which iu pur-uftnee of the pro visions of thu hye.laws requiring a revaluation nf tbearsets at quinquonuul jicriods, have been taken at market price: on 3ist December, 187.L The directors do not regard this item of surplus ns applicnb'o for distribution, and it has been carried to an ,4 liivostment Fluctuating Account," as Against future |t>ssHilo depreciation. Tho amount set spirt for distribution amounts to £235,185. 'It is understood that the £!O,0U) paid a few days hack for a sninll block of hind in New Pitt-street is for tbiH society, nnd thnt it is the inteution of the directors to build new premises ou the same. Tho report, which will he interesting to tunny of your readers, will be found in the S- M. Herald of Tuesday last. Archbishop Yaughmi has spoken on the educa tion question that u now vxciiing so much atten- tion. aiid is reported to have said that 44 Your prime rascal's have beet) educated rascals, lie was uot agin«l iusuuciieu when it was directed by religion, but ho would no more think of going in very strongly for instruction without religion than ho would think of putting n loaded miiniie rifle into tho hniuls of a child and then trusting him self In thnt child's prcrencn; nnd said that tbo manifesto of tho School Lcnguo wns for making primnry education sectarian, cruel, tvrnnnicafixnd debasing." It wns a curious fact, writes " Town Talk," in thu Empire, that tho men iu proportion as thoy wcro instructed without religion became ilcprnvml ; nnd thill the women in proportion ax they were instructed with religion became pure and holy. Tho hon. H. Parkcx nnd the lion. G. \Y. Alien, woro Advertised lo tnko part in n public school meeting nt Newtown, on the ever.iiig-of Monday last, but showed tho whita feather by uot attending,. Ho (Mr-.Parke)>dll,'nuvr wall. to see which h >hc the winning side. . I notico Mfllh pleasure, that the Paper Mills at Liverpool, is working day nnd night, ami by some recent improvements in the manufacture a first- class paper will soon ho produced. A little tnuro: fimmcsx in tho texture being only what in wanted. ; Tho works gtvo employment lo a large numbers of hands. , . Over fifty genttomcn 'attended tlio , fnniignrnl dinner of the " Sydney Hnml-hall Club," a gntno which the Chairman said wan one of the bust of Ireland's national pastimes, mid that the young Irish Australian, who were taktiig advnntnguuf thu Club, wuru giving every promise of becoming as good players ax the obi stock themselves. . 17,000 sovereigns were ixsuud from tho Mint, nnd IG.uOl or, a. of gold received into tho saiqo establishment fur coinage, during the week omliug Saturday last, Subxcriptionn Amounting to nearly £100 iu sums ranging from fix., to £20, and upwards wax collected on the occasion of the laying of thu fMimdaiion stone to tho "St. Beueitirlx Now School" in Purrnmata-strcoi on Saturday last. About three thouxnmlx persons ol all nges were present, - a man namci tiimres imss, nppucn lor no. mission into the Mojbourne Hospital, a hnri timo hack. It appears that Ruxx hail only arrived in tho above district from Queensland, nnd on being searched by the warden, the 6um of £190 12a., was found in hiri clothes. Refusing to pay £2 per week for his maintenance nnd medical treatment, he was at onco removed. With such impostors in the couulry, it is hard to deal with deserving applicants for charily. Homo timo prior to the nhovu, n man who hoggod money to pay his cutnh faro, died iu the same Hospital, and on searching his clothes £12 was found upon him, Tho day set apart for collections for the Vic torian Hospital (Sunday last) was marred by wet weather. Thcro wns a heavy downpour through out the day, nnd only £40 collected nt tho special Kcrvicea nt the Town Hall ami £119 ut thu Theatre Royal. Thu subscriptions to band are said lo be below £3000. A guud tiling in tho way of a hint to Uloudin comes from Mr. John .Suilivun, who statos, through thu daily press, thnt hu has twico succeeded in Sydney in walking upon a wire rnpo from tho Vic toria Theatre stage to the gallery nnd hack, and is now willing to follow Blomiin ou his high rope forward and backwards for the benefit of charitLs should M. Blomiin givo any |torforuiAtice fur the charitable institutions of Sydney. There was a fall of snow at Cuoma on Monday. The weather U said to be very cold, nu»r likely to do great damage among Iho sheep, .which tiro now limbing. Dr. M'Gibbon has been addressing the Orange- men of Melbourne, nnd the Argus, nt comiiieuliiis tm the address, conclude thus : — " If the reverend gentleman's stylo is appreciated in Sydney, we think that the souncr bu returns to hi Irionds nnd admirers the better." A miner named John StalTord, while nt work nt tbo Anvil Croojt Colliery, n heavy block of r>ml fell upon him. He only lived n fuw minutes after tho coil wns removed. A miner at Gulgoug, named Owen Roberts, was killed on Saturday by the falling of earth from tho side of the Britannia shaft. Accidents of this kind are very frequent. Tho Citv of Mulhournu arrived nt San Francisco with the homo innil for August two days nnd eight hour ahead nf contract time. This speaks well for our c.'lonial steamers .Tim Government have chartered the A. S. N. Company's steamer City of Adulni<iu for tlio next mail, am) she will no doubt give ns good an account of hcn-elf as the City of Melbourne. , ' - Tlio Myonln mind nt Adelaide is something like amino to have shares in. The last half.yearh report shows a net profit of £83,0JU. Thu Han Francisco mail pur Cyphurncs, which left this port 011 Saturday .last, consisted of 14,01 1 letters, 20,065 newspapers, nod 363 batiks: The Danokhk op Difiitiikhia. — Tlio Lancet nf thu lltli July says:— Tlio sad intelligence of the death of Lady Ambcrly, niid subsequently id that of her little girl, from diphtheria, has not only. given roe to much sympathetic sorrow, hut will sci ve to awnkon tlio recollection in other fa ui- lie of ninny similarly sad bereavements. Lord Ambcrly' littlo daughter was supposed to huve contracted tho Affection from imr brother, who had a few weeks previously suffered from an attack of diphtheria in London, and bur 1ml) ship is believed to have contracted thu disease fimn allemlaiico on her daughter. Thu poison of diphtheria is of a very aubtilu kind. . It clings with great tenacity lo particular houses or apartments. Tho disease ex hibits vury contagious' and infectious propmlie-, and its progress and development aro cmxhlun d by many excellent authorities to bo favoured by family constitution. We are inclined to believe in tbo correctness of this viuw of tbo greater sus ceptibility or vulnerability of certain constitutions from the rccollectiuu of occurrences of a similar kind, where diphtheria spread through tho mem bers nf a family, 'and proved fatul to tho mother nnd come nf her children without extending to other tcxideut In the house. Of course, where there nre local causes in operation, auch as had drainage and a vitiated house atmoi-phere, wo may account for tho tenacity wilh which the prison eliui!. to n place, and manifest it action 011 the inmates; hut we nevertheless tiilnk-fjiat there is some evidoitcc in favour of the exLtenco of this family proclivity. There cannot bo a doubt that evrry precautionary measure should he adopted which the assumption of tho infectious character of tbisdiro disease would suggest, but it must oltvn happen that attempts at isolation nre over borne ami frustrated by the promptings of sficc- linn or parental solicit ude. A mother will sot submit — and uoonoenn wonder nt or help res pecting the feeling— -to ho separnlrtl from n uf- ferlng child ; hut no measures enn ho too rigidly enforced ns far ns the other nnd nun- infected mem bers of the family nre concerned. The views en tertained by dilforont medical men, although nub- ntantially agreeing, arc not, perhaps, pcrfrctly; identical in regard to tho infecliuun character of diphtheria ; nnd this is to bo accounted for by the various impressions they hnvo received from their different experience uf it, In sumo esses the transmission of tho disease from ono to Another of tho affected members uf n family enn bo sol clearly traced, where thcro is nn Apparent nhscncol uf nil sanitary surroundings, ax to Icavo no; dnuht thnt contagion war tho mnin if not tho solo' factor present, while in other cases tho cvfdouco of; defective domiciliary hygietm in 0 conspicuous a to impress llm mind with the direct relation of tlio disoa'xn to local cnuxirs ; nod tho apparent con-: ilitinn of n !muo is very often far from tho roaL one. Wo had evidence of this not long Ago, where, nfter tho ocmrreuVo of onn enso, tho family! removed to tho seaside for several weeks, during which tho local tradesmen were desired to inves tigate and rejnody. ovory discoverable dufcci in thai drainage, On.iho reluru of. tlio family other cases | occurred 1 In riipid huccosxIoii, nnd it was dlscov-J ered that; iiottvltliHtaiidiiig the assurances tothoi contrary, thu house drainage who very had. The moral liux ou tlio surface, vis., that diphthuriai i llku scarlatina, a communicable disease, nnd thntj its spread may sometimes he wholly accounted for, by its contagious or infectious properties, but thnt in nny case thu proclivity to the dlscnso may be unormously increased by soma defective drulongo or other source uf air contamination. A Musical Ghost.—' Tho following is rotated' by the liendigo Advertiser; on tho authority of a; reliable purx<m, but that journal gives n cart blanche to its readers to believo it or not:— A, euntluinan well known in Sandhurst ft» » dotlor in furniture, whom wo will call Limb, at whoso I establishment many uu nrliclo has been ".noppod J by Duoily persons, rucetjlly sobl n piano that lis had received ns n pledge to nn equally well knows speculator, whom.wu will call Smith. lt:soI)ap-( peuod that withiicn week after tho piauo hnd boon disposed uf, Lfimh departed this lifo rather snd J denly, nnd una duly buried. Smith hnd had' the! |l pinuo removed lo hU parlour. One night rocontl? j iiu had retired to bed, ami war wrapped in !poscr-l ful slumber, when,-.nt ubout two o'clock Is. tilt, morning, hu was suddenly awakened by loud aoJi .1 continued playing on his. piano, which ho badpi'ot . ' viously locked securely. He rushed down-stairi. I for thu purpose uf reprimanding tho supposed (d , i divbhtri, when to Ids grant (error nud amasemsD1' ' ho nbserved, ns bo snys, tlio ghost of his deptftec. 1 " undo" walk directly nnd firmly from tho, plnOI right through the front door. Being horribly frightened, hu bi!>t no timo in retracing his stop upstair. His hotter half was not awakened by thu first performance 011 tlio piano, which constate- 1 of a selection from Handel's " Messiah ;" bu Smith hnd nut long been iu bod before tho strain I wore rcsumod, tliojclcction this timo bring froc I Moxart' 4,Gloria"— tho " TwoRh Mass," In whlc', I there nro Mivernl deep nud striking note. Smlt 'I heard nil this, nnd tiftcr mentally nbusiog.th I piano ho resolutoly took rcfogo In tho arms' ( i I Alnrphou. Hi »ife was awakened by tho tmnsli I nnd immediately scrconicd out and endeavourt: I to arunso hor husband, hut such seemed to bo a; I impoKsibility, and he herself resolved to godowi I stairs anil nxccrtnin tho cause of this uouiu( I musical entertainment. . On reaching the rob 11 her howitdcrmeut wna greater than thnt ef Smftl f I hIio having ohscrr o l tho «mo identical man/an rl uii'lcr' presi-oly the same circumitancci. In 1 frantic statu of uxoitement riiu ruihnd upitih I and HUcccudcd in nreusing Smith, nud infurou | I liim of what shu had scon. Nuxt morning ha d I turmined to gut rid of thu awful loxtrumcnt. J. I Huccuuited in doing so ; but whether thu ssmapc I lorinance has hctm repented nt tbo home of tl I individual to whutn hu sold it or not he Ix not I a puxitiuu to say. I 