Sr t'ý "n THE SPLN!?ING WHEEL. A white pin" floor and a low-ceiled room, A wheel ard a reel and a great-brown loom, . The windows out and the world in bloom A pair of' swifts ' in the corner, where The grandmother sat in her rush- wrought chair And pulled at the distaffs tangled hair; And sang to herself as she spun the tow While " tLe little wheel' ru as soft and low As muffi d brooks where the grasses grow And lie one way with the water's fl ,w. As the Christ's fiel lilies free froa sin, So sLe grew ike them when she ceased to apin Counted her 'knots' and handed them in ! 'The great wheel 'rigged in its harness stands A three-legge.'d thing with its spindle and oauds; And the slenter spokes, like the willow wands That spring so thick in the low, wet lands, Turn dense at the touch of a woman's hands. As the wheel whirls swift, how rank they grow ! But how sparse and thin when the wheel runs slow Forward and backward, and to and fro ! There's a heap of rolls like clouds in cur!' And a bright-faced, springy, barefoot girl ; She gives a touch and a careless whirl, She holds a roll in her shapely hand 'Ihat the sun has kissed and the wind has fanned, And its mate obeys the wheel's command. There must be wings on her rosy heel ! And there must be bees in the spindled .steel! A thousand spokes in the dizzy wheel l Have you forgo:ten the left- breast knock ! When you bagged the bee in the hully hock, And the angry'burr of an ancient clock Already to strike-came out of the mill, Where covered with meal the rogue was . still, Till it made your thumb and finger thrill l It is one, two, three-the roll is caught; 'Tis a backward step and the thread is taut, A hurry of wheel and the roll is wrought 'Tis one, two, three, and the yarn rur, on, And the spindle shapes like a white-pine coue, As even and still as somethibg grown. The barefoat maid follows the thread 4 Like somebody. csught and tether'd and 'led ' Up to the buss of the busy head. With backward sweep and willowy bend I Monarch would bestow if maiden could lend, ' She draws cut the thread to the white woul's end, From English sheep of the old time farm, With their legs as- fair as a woman's arm. And faces white as a girl's alarm. She breakls her thread with an angry twang - Just as if at her touch a harp-string rang And keyed to the quaint old song she sang That came to a halt on her cherry lip While she tied one knot that never could h slip. And thought of another, when her ship, All laden with dreams in splendid guise Should sail right out of the azure skies t And a lover bring with great brown eyes I I An, broad the day but her work was done- Two runs' by reel I She had twisted and spun Her two score 'knots' by set ot sun, With her one, two, three, the wheel be- I side, And three. two, one, on her backward glide, So to and fro in calico pride Till the bees went home and daytime died i In apron white as the white sea foam, bhe gathered the wealth of her velvet gloom, Andrailed it in with a tall black comb. She crushed the dews with her naked feet, The track of the sun was a golden street 'J hl grass was cool and the air was sweet, 'I he girl gansed up at the markerel sky, And it looked like a pattern lifted high; But lhe Ir.ever dreamed ot angels nigh. And sihespoke right out : "Do just see there 1 11 Bat ta llun and white for tie tlhe clouded I'm going to knit for my Sunday wear l" The wheel is dead ard the bees are gone, Anrd the girl is dressed in a silver law,, And her feet are slol, with golden dawr. From a wind-ewung tree that waves be fire, A shadow is dodging in at the door, Flickering glhost on the white pine Il sor,. Ard thIe eat, onlearned in the shadow's law, Just touched its edge with a velvet paw To hold it still sitrh au ivory claw I But its spectral cloak is blown abuist, And a moment more and the ghost iso out, And leaves us all in shadowy doubt, If ever it fell on floor at all, Or if ever it swung alrng the wall, - Or whether a ashrcud or a plhantom S Oh. brow .that the.old-time, morning ( kirsed r Good night, my girl of the double ald o twist . Oh, baretu,,t vision i Vanishting mristt - 