ACROSS THE STRAITS. (Melbourne leader, January 3.) From recent Tasiaauiau flies we learn that the question nf annexation to Victoria is onov more troubling the minds of the small community across the straits. We arc well aware that every blast from Hie north on this ouektin vejnita Is met by a counter-blast from the south. The llooart Town nanera hold the Ltunccston ones in supreme oou tempt, especially when they venture a re mark or two about annexation, and will not allow lhat thep am in tliia ma.lt»r at Ion., an index of public opinion. The northern jour nals are quite competent to return this sen timent with interest, and to hiut that the influence of tlie reigning Ministry, the me mories of prestige, and the glory' that encir cles the person and palace of vice. royalty blind the eyes of lhe southern press to the true Interest* of the country. Between north and touch the feud on this and many other questions has seldom been patched, and per haps will never bo healed. Though the northerners hove Just revolted against the payment of a railway raw as unjust, and althounh the Government is bungling the construction of ibe Main Line, and half the midland villages are up In arms Because the Iron way Is not going to be brought past their front doors, let ushopelhal thelhrouirh railway, when finished, will unite the two rival capitals in Ihe bonds of peace. Peace or no peace between the clly by the Derwant and the oily by the Tamar, it is certain that suoner or later, unity of sentiment nn the subject of political independence must be reached bv the Tasmanian community. An nexation Is a species nf political ghost that no Ministry has power altogether to lay. After, and very shortly after, the formation of ana of the strongest Ministries on record In Ihe history of the tight little island, after the most hopeful prophecies of some of its de rote view of the future of Tasmania, and after tlie aiaertlnnsof a seotion of the pre«s that lhe tide of prosperity had at Imgth turned, and that the revenue returns showed a decided improvement, the ghost is abroad ?gain. The truth seems to be that Tasmania Is loo heavily handicapped in the race for political existence and prosperity. Her present rulers were, at lean the moat In fluential of them, trained under the old Imperial regime, and the days of the nominee Council, and have accordingly Imbibed no tions of magnlflcenco that have now grown somewhat oppressive. And as no political wiseacre ever thought of levying a duty upnn Ihe export of sinew nnd Intelligence when the colonies were buying them at hlcher bids, the energies that might have helped the country onwards have flowed steadily away. Political freedom means self-help, and Tamanian ideal of self help are peculi-r In danger of boing utterly demoralised in the olden days by the combined influence of the scum of British society and the gold of British coffera, she ruse into an ontltranfi porlatlan sjiasm, and wiped the reproach »way. That wns well, hod her cnthu siasm turned to self- reliance and tho do development of Internal rcsourocs. But while the most Intelligent and high minded of Tasmanlana never regret the roll ing away of that old reproach, there Is a con siderable seotlon that hankered long after the Imperial flesh-pots bv which they dwelt and were fattened. The maidens sighed after the soldiers, and the traders sighed after the sovereigns, and united once and again iu a doleful ditty whose echoes linger yet about the place. Shopkeepers that are gelling Into the sere and yellow leaf tell you wllh gllstenlnc. eyes, of the percentages and profits of the anlden Imperial atre i and young follows, with fine muscles hut flaccid vjIIIb, lounge and yarn about the broken fences, or gallop energetically orer the gnus grown fields that used to grow corn for the offlccn'horae.. Many a village and rural ralley bring hack memoriei of the Castle nf Indolence. Meanwhile forests nf splendid tlmher ha»e remained untelled ; vast de noii(! of Iron ore, veins nf coal and gold, tovcontll lately, been elthn onopenedor feehljr worked. By the way of helping matters the Government slta upon the country like an lnoubos. They pay for the luxury of a lire Governor at a furore ridiculously Inw for a OoMmor, but rldi '?l°»''y bis* t't the rerwwe, and have built him qadW a nalaee to lire tn. Minister! re«i¥e Rood MlarW The etrtl service Is full ot easy blllcn and capital Incomes. The penslon-Hitls munificent; and the State supported charities are enormous. Alto gether public affaire are conducted on a mairmnoent wale, and taxation haa long idnce reached its endurable limit. ? Judl Ing by their Appropriation Bill, the Daren iiiriit id i|f lie have n secret gold mine In the Domain, judging from lhe general slate uf the country, with its revolting ratepayers and the imminent prospect of another heavy rate to pay the interest on the Main Line IUilwuy, bankruptcy is staring them in the face. No wonder that annexation should suggest itself as a haven to the wrecking vessel. The Cornwall Chronicle pens a jeremiad on the thoroughly hopelesa condition into which the political affairs of Tasmania are drifting in Ihe hands of its present rulers, and adds, 'we have frequent proofs that annexation to Victoria, which we strongly advocated some months ago, is gradually drawing nearer and nearer to accomplish ment.' Moreover, we learn that the desire of puliticul marriage with Victoria is begin ning lo infect some southerners who were wont to grow indignant at tbc mere mention of annexation. One of the leading public men of llobart Town, who was accustomed in and out of Parliament to ' scout the very idea of annexation,' has come to think that self-government for Tasmania Is too costly a luxury, and that annexation to Victoria ap pears to him now the only resource left. As ar as we are concerned, though we care very little about the extra territorr and troublo, we have no design to forbid the hann-. We feel very much as Brigbatn Vouug may be supposed U' feel when a widow of many summers a'.-.d few charms proposes to add a new wife to his harem. It does not matter much to us, but it matters a good deal to the widow. 