LOGAL ARB GENERAL NEWS. The rabbit shooting, originally fixed for Moiiday last, the 30lh ult, .at Pomborneitj was a failure, owing to the dreadful state of tlie weather during the preceiling week. Mr. Bowker has,-however, decided to give intending competitors ohanVie on the- Gth inst., wliich, being Easter Monday, vrill, of course, be a general h(>liday. The programme of the different events mil be found in our advertising columns^; ^ •. - - To-day, being Good Friday, Trill,, of course, be observed -as a general holiday.: The" 1 ? weather, however, is by no means t ?Bttita1ale « xcursi ou!3, nor is the country in a very lit state for travelling. Service, as. usual, will be conducted in St. Paul's: Spiscopaliaa Church, Camperdown. Last Tuesday was again an out-and-outwet day, aud all thoughts of running on tlie Oaraperdo-ttTi course bad to be abandoned The stewar<ls of the Hampden Club held a meeting, and decided to postpone the meeting from time to time; and now we learn -that it has been decided to get the races off' on Thursday; the 9fch inst., or three days after the Colac meeting. The post and . telegraph offices will be strictly closed to-day, aud no business of any kind will be' transacted at any of the offices iu the district. Mails received last night and this znoriiing will not be delivered on any account, before to-morrow, at -9 o'clock. _ Monday next, the 6fch instant, is the day fixed for the annual meeting of the Colao Race Club, and it is. co be hoped that the races to take place on that day mil meet with better weather than has, as. yet, fallen to the lut of tZio Hampdeii Cl'ib. At present the appearance of affairs is very unsettled, but if Easter Monday is only •hint!\ tolerably r fine nn,-' the f.Vn'^ meeting lnppfitKT will -v-t'-il] come Pfmto off. y-ipp 1 ,A ludicrous scene occurred at the Richmond railway station, New South Wales (says the " Sydney Empire.") A partially inebriated aboriginal stumbled along the platform, with two of his countrymen in nearly the same state as himself. He de- I I ; ' clared them to be "friends of his," and wished them to be taken on to Windsor with linn. The station-master informed the sable gentleman that if his: friends were to travel iu the train they must have tickets. The darkey was at- ln-st indignant, and alleged that his friend the G-overnor always allowed hmi and Billy and Buayip to travel free, as a slight compensation for havhig taken- away their country and . killed their kangaroo: Tne starion-master was inexorable, and fcidingthat he could not prevail upon him to grant free passes, Yarro^inan: changed his tune. "Pay ? of course he would pay and he pulled-out, with the gi-eatest deliberation, and all tlie pomposity of a millionaire, an attenuated yellow .purse,-.like a blackfellow'-s dog, and with all. tbfc aiivot a gi-andeej-bent t upon being munificent,- - inquired, • " How niueh;OTO fackets-J" : The lordly aborigbial . possessor of the>soil waited mth a patronising air to know the price of-the articles he was about to purchase; but upon the station-master replying from the window, ; One and fourpeiiee !"liis jaw .dropped, aud the-whole edince:-of his-assumed: graiidetir toppled down. Here was a ELothschild beggared at-a blow. "One and fourpencp.!" he repeated with rdigni&ed; astonishment, as iie slipped back ins • leatliern treasury. " One iuid fourpence !"- he repeated, as if the . sum was greaier than: lie ' had: ever before heard of, or eould possibly comprehend. '' Mine not got that much.I" ;and- he -walked : in to the carnage.- with a. saddened ail-, , and as tlie train moved of j waved subdued and .melancholy adieu- to his friends, Pillv and Btmyip, who gazed aEter him -with niuch. thesaiue air. of depression and disappointment from the platform. * A ghost story ^vrites the -Maryborough Standard) is a not unfitting sequel to the late Bung Bong tragedy. A correspondent igives ihercircumstances as nearly, as possible ' as they Were told hims—Some*" ten days smce, three men, residents ©i~~Buiig Bong, being out on business, and having occasion to pass close by the scene of the latehoiTorSj saw distincfly fotfr persons.<a man and four chddi^en), v^hom they mstantly recognised as the suicide and his family, approach the house and enteiy or appear, to enter, by., thedoor. All three saw the apparition, and remarked to each other on its singularity. They then Med the door, and finding it securely locked, departed to their Tiomes ;sadlyand^^^silentlyi^^f^y impressed with the; belief that they -had seen a ghost—or," rather four ghosts. 