MISCELLANEOUS. A Soft Blow.—A gentle breeze. How to test the weight of a wall.—Scale it. Refuge for an Old Tragedian.—A retired Hamlet. A native of Africa cannot be said to have a dwelling-place, simply because he lives in Ashantee. Barbers make many friends, but scrape more acquaintances. When does a man feel girlish? When he makes his maiden speech. "Was the Roman matron, whose sons were jewels, a mother of pearls?" "No, my child, the Gracchi were Cornelians." If a hair of a dog is good for his bite, that explains why sulphur, which comes from Vesuvius, is good for eruptions. Another poor girl has died in Virginia from the use of tobacco at the age of 100. She was an orphan. The Nick of Time.—A wrinkle. Stable Creatures.—Horses. People that must Drive a Trade.—Cabmen. A want that may be "Felt."—The want of a hat. Scientific.—Leather, chemically considered, is the ox-hide of beef. An old Saw newly Set.—What can't be endured must be caricatured. A Boarding Establishment.—A carpenter's shop. An Attested Fact.—A man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. Graphic.—A Western critic recently said of a new novel, "Its incidents follow each other like a shovelful of hot coals." The servants in the bathing establishments of Ramsgate are spoken of as sousemaids. A Brooklyn mother advised her daughter to oil her hair, and fainted flat when that candid damsel replied, 'Oh, no, ma; it spoils the gentlemen's vests!' The young men at the American watering- places have discarded white vests. The young ladies use so much oil on their hair that a vest is only good for one evening on the piazza. A man in Cleveland broke his thigh in kicking off a boot. It is not stated whether his wife was talking to him at the time about coming home in that condition. 'Have you seen my black faced antelope?' inquired the keeper of a menagerie. "No," said the visitor; 'whom did your black-faced aunt slope with?' At a college examination the students were asked the meaning of the word 'hypothesis.' One candidate answered that it was 'machine for raising water.' Another said 'it was some- thing that happened to a man after death.' Forgot.—An English writer advises young women to look favourably upon those engaged in agricultural pursuits, assigning as one reason that 'their mother Eve married a gardener.' He forgot to add, that in con- sequence of the match the gardener lost his situation. Legal Mem.—The ancient Hebrews used to try cases by Jewry. To Lawyers.—Can you make a blind man liable for his bill, if it is payable at sight? To Farmers.—How many clods make one wiseacre? For American Publishers.—What ship does a literary pirate invade? Authorship. Can the sightless singer who sings at our street corners be said to trust to blind chants for his living? 