THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN v. NEW SOUTH WALES AND VICTORIA. Thobx who visited the Albert Ground on Thursday must have eome to the conclusion before the stumps were drawn that the English team were tough customers to deal with. Their defeat in the recent match against eighteen of New . South Wales no doubt tarnished their reputation in some degree ; but their play on Thursday against the combined feroes of this colony and Victoria is a pretty strong proof that they are not to be estimated too cheaply. The weather for two days prior to the match was fine, and the wickets were in very good order. The fielding ground had been well rolled, until it appeared as level as a billiard table. The attend ance during the forenoon was comparatively meagre, and not np to the standard attendance of an intercolonial match; but during the afternoon the public arrived in considerable numbers, until they increased to something like £900. During the night a northerly wind set in, and when the game commenced, the temperature, even in . the shade, was meet oppressive. The covered terrace afforded a welcome shelter to a great many people, but even there everybody was complaining of the heat. In the Grand Stand there was a very tolerable attendance, the fair sex making a Btrong muster. The New South Wales Artillery Band were present on the ground, and played a selection or music daring the day, although the majority of spectators would have preferred to hear the German Band. As a description ef the play will take np a considerable space, it will per haps be better to forego a description of the amusements to be found on the ground outside the great event. The following is a list of the players, viz. : — ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. Messrs. W. G. Graoe Mas are. Gilbert G. F. Grade M'lntyre Jupp Lillywhite Greenwood Bush Humphrey Southerton. Oscroft Boult (umpire). THB COMBINED TEAM. N. S. Wake. Victoria. Jfessrs. Thompson Messrs. Cosstick -Goates Cooper Hewitt Conway J). Gregory Gibson Oliver Oarr Poeock Loughnan. Lawrence Tindall,. Banneman. Mr. B. Driver, umpire. * THB PI/AT. Messrs. W. G. Grace and Coates tossed for the choice, ?nil the English captain having been fortunate enough to win, decided on taking the wickets first. The fifteen appeared in the field at a quarter-past 12 o'clock, and wore well received. W. G. Grace and Jupp were the first to face the howling, Cosstick faHrg the first - over at the southern end, the only result being a single each to the bats. Coatee commenced at the northern end, and Graoe hit the first to ♦Tu« off for a double. Pocock at lonsstop let the last ball get to the fence, and four were added to the score for byes. Two maiden overs followed, and two singles off Cosstick fereught the score np to 10. Five singles and a double were mom from the following nine overs, and in the succeeding delivery from Sam. the great W. G.'e off stump was taken, ?saij eaiuiderf≤ uproar, Greenwood joined Jupp, the score then ^standing at 1-9-17. The .over passed without scoring, ana in the next six the runs went ®P J® 20» hoth men plating steadily and the field wide awake. Greenwood got a chance atCoeatick's next over, and made a very nice tip out of the reach of the long-stop for 4. Several singles were subsequently put together ; and Green wood brought the score up to 30 with another tip fori behind the wicket For along time after this the runs came I so slowly that it would be only wearisome to go into details ; and, therefore, it will be sufficient to say that Greenwood and Jupp ran up the score by careful play to 50, when Conway relieved Cosstick at the bowling, Tindall having previously taken the ball from Coates at the other wicket Conway did not appear to be well on, and Jupp put his third ball in the slips and scored 3, D. Gregory let ting it get past. A maiden over from Tindall followed, and in Conway's next Greenwood got the last ball away to square-leg for a double. Jupp scored a long-leg hit for 4 off Tindall, and Greenwood again got Conway awav to eqnare- Ieg for 2. A single by Jupp off the Newtown bowler brought the score up to 60, and the spectators testi fied their admiration of the play in a most demonstrative manner. Just before 2 o'clock Jupp added 2 to the score for a pretty tip to long-leg-off off Conway, and after a maiden had been bowled, the bell rang for luncheon and the players retired. The game was resumed about an hoar afterwards, Gibson taking the wicket in the place of Hewitt, and Cos stick relieving Conway wih the ball. It was anticipated ; that the adjournment for luncheon would make a difference in the game, and the result justified such an anticipation. Jupp, alter a fine innings for 24, was clean bowled by Cosstick, and returned to the Pavilion, where he received a round of applause. G. F. Grace joined Greenwood, and almost immediately opened his innings with a square leg hit for four (70 up) and a hit to long on for a similar figure off Cosstick. A pretty tip behind the wicket by Greenwood off Cosstick, and a 'fencer' to the off by G. F. off the Torkshireman, with several brought the figure up to 80. A few minutes after the. numbers went up, G. F. again let out at Coates, and sent him to tbe fence for 4, but the last of the over was a shaver. Two singles were obtained off Cosstick's next delivery, but Coates having bowled a maiden, Sam sent Greenwood's wicket down, and he retired for a well-earned 28. 3-28-88. It may be as well to state here that the official score of Jupp and Greenwood's runs does not correspond with the figures taken by the members of the Press, who, on comparing notes, found that Greenwood had made 28 and Jupp 24. We therefore give our own score. Humphrey followed Jupp, and G. F. brought the score up to 90 with a square-leg hit off Coates for a double, followed by a tip | to long-leg for four. Humphrey got a single off Cosstick, and Coates then disposed of Humphrey by fairing his middle stump. (4-1-95.) Oscroft, who joined G. F., com menced with a tip for a single to short-leg off Coates, and made a cut for a similar figure off Cosstick who, in his next over, took G. F.'s off stump. (5-26-97.) Grace played very freely, but his big hits, for the most part, were flukey. Gilbert, who was evidently suffering to some extent from the injury to hie ankle received in the single wicket match, went to the vacant crease, but was not very long there when Coates enticed him out with a judgment ball which got amongst the timbers. (6-0-102.) Appear ances were now decidedly in favour of the rest of the English team going out rapidly ; but the best batting dis play of the day was yet to come. Macintyre was the next man in2 Oscroft having previously made a single off Coates and a tip to long-leg for four, off Cosstick. ' Sam,' not liking the appearance of things, put in a toazer to Oscroft, in the nextover, which took his wicket (7-7-104.) Lilly white followed, and the knowing ones now offered to make wagers as to the probability of the eleven getting beyond 120, but it was soon evident that the hopefuls were holloaing before they were out of the wood. Macintyre, after making his double, got on to Coates, sending the second ball to square-leg for four. He gave a chance to Conway in the slips off the next ball, which was missed, — the catch being a very low one. A couple of singles by M'lntyre brought the score up to 110. A few minutes later M'lntyre, who was batting steadily, without giving a ghost of a chance, again got a chance off the Torkshireman, and sent his last ball away for a pretty cut to the fence. For the next nine overs nothing worth recording occurred, except that the score increased to 120. M'lntyre subsequently made a single and a square leg-hit for four off Coates, and a hit for a qurtette off Cosstick, which, with another single by Lillywhite, brought the figure up to 130. Another break eocurred soon after this, for when the score had been increased to 145 (M'lntyre having made two more fonrers off Coss tick), Tindall, whe had relieved Coates, took Lilly white's off stump. 8-10-145. Bush was the next man in, and he commenced with a single off Tindall. In the same over M'lntyre put a ball to the on, and Bush to all appearance was run out, but when Gibson appealed, Boult, the Eng lish umpire, astonished everybody by giving it not out In the next over from Cosstick, M'lntyre got the third away to long-leg for four, and 150 went up, the spectators applauding lustily. A couple of maidens followed, and M'lntyre, after scoring a single off Tindall, drove a ball from Conway (who had just relieved Cosstick) to the fence for four. In the next over from Tindall, Bush, who had not done any thing to express his gratitude for the second life accorded to him by Boult, gave a catch to Thompson at long off, which Nat, nothing loth, accepted. (9-1-157.) Southerton was the last man in, but he did not shine at the wicket. He however rendered good service by keeping his timbers up, giving an opportunity of scoring to M'lntyre, who was not slow to avail himself of the chance whenever he got it.. ' Mac ' brought the score up to 160 by a pretty cut for 4 off Cen way's, and in the next over from Tindall made a pretty cut for two, and a long leg hit for four to the fence. 170 now went up, and there it stopped, for Southerton, in at tempting a good square-leg hit, was nicely caught by Carr. M'lntyre, after one of the finest pieces of. cricket ever wit nessed on the Albert Ground, carried his bat out for 55, and on returning to the pavilion was received with a burst of cheers. The fielding of the combined team on the whole was veiy good — Cooper, Lawrence, Bannerman, and Oliver getting* most of the work. The wicket-keeping of Hewett and Gibson was well up to the mark ; and Pocock, although he let one or two by at the commencement of the innings, was all there as long-stop for the rest of theday. Cosstick, Coates, and Tindall bowled excellently, but Con way was not well on to the wicket. Before giving the score, we may mention that in consequence of the voluntary retirement of Sheridan from the New South Wales repre sentatives, Oliver took his place. Aften ten minutes for refreshment, which after the intense heat of the day was much needed, the Eleven took die field, and Nat Thompson and Dave Gregory appeared at the wickets to lead off for the combined team. Souther ton and Lillywhite took the bowling. The pair were bowling well, and very few runs weie obtained, both batsmen playing steadily. In thirteen overs only 11 were ecored, and in the next over from Lillywhite Thompson went out to meet a ball, which he missed, and Bush nad his wicket down in a bice. 1-6-11. GibBon followed, and took the rest of the over, when the stumps were drawn. All- Ekglakd.— First Innings. W. G. Grace, 121112 1, b Cosstick ? 9 Jupp, 1111112 1.4 mini 2, b Cosstick. ? ? ? 34 Greenwood. 41113424234 1, b Cosstick... ? 28 G. F. Grace, 441114412 4, b Cosstick ? 26 Humphrey, 1, b Coates ? 1 Oeeroft, 1 11 4, b Cosstick ? 7 Gilbert, b Coates ? 0 M'lntyre, 241 1 14 1 144(44 1414141241, notout... 65 Lillywhite, 1313111, b Tindall ? 10 Bush, 1, c Thompson, b Tindall ? ? ? 1 Southerton, c Carr, b Conway ? ? C Byes 6, leg-bye 1 , wide 1; no ball 1 ? ? ? 9 Total ...«. ? ? ? 170 Wickets fell thus 1 for 17, 2 for 62, 3 for 88, 4 for 95, 6 for 97, 6 for 102, 7 for 104, 8 for 145, 9 for 157, 10 for 170. The Comb insd Txa*.— First Innings. N. Thompson, 2 2 1 1. st Bosh, b Lillywhite ? 6 D. Gregory, 1113, not out ? - ? 6 Gibson, not out ? 0 1 wicket for ? U Bowling Analysis. CoxBtHBD Tbam.— First Innings. Balls. Buns. Maidens. Wickets. Cosstick ? ? 213 67 38 5 Coates (1 wide) ? 179 66 19 3 Tindall (i no ball) ? ? 68 20 9 3 Cenway ? ? 84 18 3 * East Sydney v. Carltons.— A veiy interesting match between the first elevens of the above dnbs came off last Saturday, on the Civil and Military gronnd. 'The Carlton ? Club have been very successful during the present season, j and, with the excellent t*-am they could bring into the field, thought they oonld fly at higher game than they had been accustomed to meet; and althongb beaten, the club made a good show against some of the best players in the East Sydney first eleven. The captain of the Carltons, having won the toss, elected to go to the wickets, and before the last man had been dis posed of a respectable total of 74 was put together, Hayman I getting double figures and Small and Falconer 9 each. D. Gregory and Martin bowled for East Sydney, .the latter, a swift bowler, having the advantage of a strong wind to in crease the pace. Several of the Carltons appeared rather nervous at the wickets, and allowed a great many loose balls from Martin to go unpunished. The fielding of the East Sydney eleven was baa. From the state of the game shortly alter the East Sydney team went in, it was looked as a very good thing for the Carltons. D. Gregory was foolishly ran out ~ after scoring 7, and Dummett was clean bowled by Small for nought. Geary, after a well played innings for 9, lost his .wicket to the same bowler, who was well on to the wickets, but Massie and Burke then got together and scored off nearly eveiy over. Massie ought to have been run out almost at the outset of hie innings, but his play subsequently was some thing worth witnessing. He was, as usual, very strong to leg, the cuts being kept well down. The Carltons got into a difficulty with the change of bowlers, and did not improve their chance. Massie carried his bat out for 53, the East Sydney winning the match by 28 runs with three wickets to 'go down. The Carlton fielding was indifferent The following is the score East Sydnet, Carlton. D. Gregory , run out ? 7 Lucas b Martin ? 4 A'. Geary, b email ? 9 Adamson, b AJsrita ? 3 Dua-mttt, b Bma'l ? 0 Small, c and b Martin ? 9 Maetie, not out ? ? S3 Coulter, b Martin ? ? 6 Butte, b Falconer ? 9 Hayman, c Massie, b Martin. 15 Toober,stA-la-neon,bMunn 2 Mann, b D. Gregory ? 6 C. Gregory, b Falconer ? 0 Eaton, b Martin ? ? ? 5 Hinchey, e Coulter, b Fal- Usher, b D. Gregory ? 0 coner ? ? 15 T. Magoveney, b Martin ... 2 Martin, not out ? 1 Falconer, not out ? 9 A. Magoveney, run out ? 2 Sundries ? C Sundries ? ? 13 Tatal ? 102 Total ? 74 BOWLINO AXALTSJE. — CABLTON C. C. Balls, Runs. M. Overs. Wiokets. C. Small... ...66 21 6 2 Falconer... ... 96 S3 2 3 Eaton ? « 2 « 0 T. Magoveney ... 6 4 ? 0 Adamson ... 7 3 0 0 Kunn ... ... 16 16 0 1 EAST 6TDNET C. C. D. Gregory ... 108 22 5 2 Martin ? 102 38 3 7 Warwick Firbt Eleven v. Fifteen op City C. C.— This match took place on the Domain gronnd last Satur day, and resulted in an easy victory for the eleven. For the warwicks, Pocock (24), A. L. Park (19), and C. Ban nerman (13), showed the best batting form; Hewitt and Pocock doing the trundling veiy efficiently. For the City C. C., A. Banneman was the'- orly player who got into double figures. City C. C. Wahwick C. C. PewelJ, e Humphrey, b Sheridan, b A. Bannerman... 9 Hewitt... ... ... 0 C. Kellick, e O'Shea, b Gibbes, b Hewitt ? 2 Mullens ? ... 6 A. Bannerman, c Hewitt, b C. Bannerman, b Ward ... 13 Pocock,.. ... ...18 Pocock, c Gibbes, b A. Ban- Costello, I b w, b Hewitt ... 1 nerman ... ... ... 24 Richards, b. Humphrey ... 5 Hewitt, runout ... . ... 12 Wiieon, c Bannerman, b Fairweather, c Powell, b Hewitt... ... ... 6 Mullens... ... ... 12 Hourigan,cPeeock,b Hewitt 2 A. Park, b Bannerman ...19 Ward, b Pocock ... ... 4 Oatley, c Costello, b Mullens 0 Connor, b Hewitt ... ... 2 Humphreys, b Bannerman ... 1 Sullivan, notout ... ... 3 J. Clarke, substitute, not out 1 MullenB, b Poeock... ... 1 Fisher, o Connor, b A. Ban Barton, e Hewitt, b Pocock 2 nerman... ... ... 7 O'Stoea, b Pocoek ... ... 0 Sundries ... ... 2 Powell, run out ... ... S ? Sundries ... ... 1 Total ... ...105 50 Albion v. Undatjnteb.— A match was played last Saturday on the Alliance Ground between the above clubs with the following result:— Albion C. C., 91 ; Undaunted C. C., 62. ; the former winning by 29 runs. For the Albion C. C. Burrows, who played a good not-out innings only giving one chance, scored 41; Abel 14, and Humphreys 10, while in the bowling Marr was very effective. For the Undaunted C. C. Eldridge made 14, and Cooke 10. A match was played on Saturday, at North Shore, between the Milson's Point C. C. and the Blue's Point C. C., and was decided by the first inniAgs. The scores were ae follows : — Blue's Point C. C., 35; Milson'B Point C. C., 49. The latter winning by 14 runs. 