THE MONTH'S NEWS. . — ^ xne last mail ior threat uricain carried with it evidence that the new postal contract between Australia and Galle had been suc cessfully inaugurated. The arrangements at Glenelg for the dispatch of the steamers are now complete, and the delay caused by the stoppage at Holdfast Bay is little other thaa nominal. It has been ascertained that time would be saved in the delivery of the corre* spondence for some of the Western Districts of Victoria if it were sent through South Australia, and it is not improbable that with the extension of railway communication between the Wo colonies will come a demand for the transmission of the mails overland. In the contest for the terminus of the P. & O. steamers, which excited so much bitterness some time ago, one of the strongest arguments used by Victoria in favour of Hobson's Bay as opposed to Port Jackson was that the New South Wales mail matter could be con veyed by rail and coach between Sydney and Melbourne much more expeditiously than it ceuld by steamer. It was at that time scarcely contemplated that similar reasons existed for having the terminus at Port Adelaide, and even now we are not sanguine enough to suppose that any such change will take place during the next septennium at all events. It is tolerably evident, however, that South Australia is destined to become the entrepot for the mails arriving via the JRed Sea. Before, however, it can expect to occupy such a position much better provision will have to be made for the safe conduct to Port Ade laide of vessels visiting St. Vincent's Gulf. One of the first matters requiring attention is the reorganization of the pilot service, which now falls short of the requirements of the shipping trade, and will prove more and more inadequate as trade increases. At the present time there is a special necessity for the employment of outside pilots, inasmuch as the change of harbour lights that has taken place of late has proved seriously embarrassing to captains approaching the Port. In two or three instances vessels have narrowly escaped serious injury through this cause, and it is probable that there are others on the way ignorant of the alteration effected at the beginning of the year. Apart, however, from this merely temporary emergency, the necessity of send ing the pilots out into the Gulf, instead of allowing them to remain at the Semaphore and board vessels at or near the anchorage there, is pressing itself upon the attention of the Marine authorities. The calling of the P. & O. packets at Glenelg has done much towards the ripening of this question. The absence of all stir in local politics has been partly compensated for by- the exciting news of Parliamentary and political changes in the old country. The general tendency of colonial thought is decidedly in favour of the liberals. Mr. Glad stone's fall, or rather temporary rele gation to the shades of Opposition, has not been viewed without regret. We say temporary, for no one here supposes that Toryism, unless it accommodates itself to the progressive spirit of the age, and in pursuance of its modern traditions outbids Liberalism in it3 reforms, will ba long allowed to rule the country. So far as the colonies themselves are concerned it matters little to them whether Disraeli or Gladstone governs, so long as they are left to pursue the even tenor of their way bound to the mother-land by the 'silken bands' of a common loyalty and common patriotism, but in other respects permitted to manage their own internal affairs in their own way. The South Australian Parliament is to meet on the 1st of May, and will occupy itself with measures affecting edu cation, roads, and law reform. It is under stood that a Bill is to be brought in tu effect amendments in the Heal Property Act, which has now been in successful operation iu the province for sixteen years. During that time it has gathered under its wing properties to an estimated value of more than eight millions sterling, the quantity of land brought within its operation being about three and a half million acres, as against one million aeresstillsubjecttothe old processes of transfer. A recent judgment of the Supreme Court having given rise to considerable uncertainty with regard to the position of beneiiciares under trusts, and generally in reference to equitable interests it will be necessary to resort to further legtsl.it ;,.u, but much difference of opinion prevails:;* to the form it should take~ Sir R. K. Xonvng, the author of the new system, recoiumcn.ii tt at a declaratory ineasuie xliould !-a passed affirming that equities are not interfered with by the Act of 1S5S, but ou the part of many members of the legal pmfessiou a B.nmg desire is manifested to jjraf t on to the South Australian law some of the provisions of the Imperial Act, 25 and 2t- Viet., 0\. 23. As, however, they have not been found to work satisfactorily at home, and would interfere with the principles of indefeasibility of tiile and compulsory registration which underlie Torrens's Act, they are not likely to be acceptable to the public. Whatever alterations may be made care will be taken to preserve intact the cardinal- features of the Statute now in force. The Attorney-General has stated that a new Education Bill is to be brought in, and it is supposed that it will contain some at kabt of the provisions of the measure so cavalierly rejected by the Upper House last session. It may be mentioned that the fierce dispute raging a month ago between the Govern ment and the Education Board in reference to the appointment of a Third Inspector of Schools has been set at rest by the resigna tion of some of the members of the latter body and the removal from office of the remainder. A new Board has been consti uted, wmen is proceeding vigorously witu tne vork entrusted to it. Already it has initiated everal important administrative reforms, ind it is evidently intent upon removing :rom the colony as far as the powers granted it c-y law will allow the stigma of possessing by [ar the most inefficient educational system in Australia. At the expiration of the en suing session, a dissolution of the Assembly is to take place, followed by the return of a Souse consisting of forty-Bix in place of the present thirty-six members. New rolls of voters to be used at those elections are now being prepared. The Treasurer, and to some extent the credit of the colony, have been miulu the victims of false reports. Last month we mentioned that Mr. Glyde had been testing the local money market by calling for tenders [or one hundred thousand pounds' worth of 4 per cent, bonds having a currency of bwenty years, and that the only oiler sent in fell below his minimum of £91 ~m. by £:i 7s. Cd. per cent. Since then he has been in the market with one hundred and thirty-nine thousand pounds' worth of Treasury bills, bearing interest at £4 11s. 3d. per cent, but he only managed to dispose of five thousand pounds' worth at par. This repeated failure to allure borrowed money into his coffers gave rise to the rumour that he was in aoro straits for funds — that the Banks had made liberal advances to him, but that still liia liabilities exceeded his means of meeting them. These damaging statements, coming on the back of the quarterly returns of tho Auditor-General, showing, as the result of the financial operations of 1873, a balance of con siderably over £100,000, excited no little surprise. It was well known that large sums had been advanced from the general revenue to the loan accounts, bub this afforded no sufficient explanation for the alleged pressure upon the Treasury. It Las since been officially explained that not the slightest cause for alarm exists; that during the past few weeks some £70,000 has been paid over to the Northern Territory land order-holders, and that there is a balance to the credit of the colony in each of tlie Adelaide Banks. The ill-success of Air Glyde's attempt to borrow money appears to be largely due to arrange ments recently made between the Savings Bank and the other banking establishments in the city. The former institution has hitherto been one of the most regular contributors to* local loans, but it has now seen lit to hand over what may be tenned its, uninvested funds, amounting to nearly a. quarter of a million sterling, to the other Banks, at a rate equal to about 3J per cent. Its action has not been unchallenged, but the Trustees declare that they can do better for the depositors — now a powerful body num beringmore than eighteen thousand persons — by the arrangements into which they have entered than by acceding to the terms of the Government. In the meanwhile tho Treasurer has advertised his readiness to ? accept offers for the unsold balance of the £139,000 worth of Treasury bills at the rate of £4 11s. 3d. per cent. The news relating to the interior of the con tinent is particularly interesting. When the Overland Telegraph was first proposed it was represented that it would prove a valuable base of operations for exploring parties, and that no great time would elapse after ite completion before the whole of the country to the westward would be traversed by white men. This prediction is being verified with gratifying rapidity. Not long ago Mr. Ernest Giles and Mr. William Go3se returned from somewhat lengthened excursions into the bush, bringing with them information of value as to the territory passed over. Through the arrival of a recent steamer from Western Australia we have been made acquainted with the fact that Colonel Warburton, who ten months ago set out from Alice Springs' a station on the Transcontinental Telegraph, to the southward of Central Mount Stuart, iad, after enduring severe hardships — a number of his camels having had to be slaughtered for food — forced his way in a north-westerly direction to within easy reach of the coast. His plans have not come to hand, but by their aid a considerable blank in the map of Australasia will be filled up. Tidings of his safety had no sooner reached Adelaide than the Hon. Thomas Elder, vhose liberality in the cause of exploration is beyond praise, gave directions to Mr. John Boss, an experienced bushman, then on his way northward with a party equipped for the relief of Colonel Warburton, to start forthwith from the vicinity of the Peak, a station rather more than five degrees south of Mount Stnart, and steering a course to the southward of latitude 26' make for the capital of Western Australia. This expedition is expected to set out in two or three weeks' time, and to be away for about a twelvemonth. Should it succeed in its mission, the most important problem now re maining in connection with Australian explo ration will be solved. Whilst referring to genuine efforts to add to the world's know ledge of this great island continent, it is appropriate that we should allude to one of the most impudent attempts to impose upon the credulity of the public and gain credit for enterprise and daring that has ever been made. Two or three weeks ago a man calling himself Andrew Hume— who at the close of 1S71, upon the faith of his statement that he would be able to produce relics of the intrepid explorer Leichardt who about twenty-five years ago set out with a strong party upon an expedition into the interior from which he sever returned, obtained his release from Parramatta Gaol, in New South Wales, where he had been undergoing a sen tence of eight years for highway robbery — put in on appearance at Brisbane, where he announced that he had successfully accom plished the object of his mission ; that he had seen a survivor of Leichardt's party who was living with the blacks ; that he had obtained from him an account of how his comrades had died ; and that he had in his possession Leichardt's watch and sextant and seventy folios of hi3 manuscript diary. Strong suspicion was thrown upon this story by a communication from Mr. Todd, the South Australian Superintendent of Tele graphs, who was able to show that Hume had been engaged on the Overland Line with short intermissions until nearly the end of 1S73, and that he had then taken passage from the Northern Territoiy in the Emily. Hume, however, held tena ciously to his statements, and it was not until he reached New South Wales and failed to produce the relics that the gross imposture was exploded. Mr. Todd has been again ventilating the question of a reduction of the rate of cable charges. His latest proposal is that the British Telegraph Company should modify its tariff so as to lower the charge to £5 10s. 6d for twenty-word messages. His preference, however, is for ten- word tele grams with a proportionate reduction in cost, and ho proposes that the colonies should, as an inducement to the Companies to make such a concession, guarantee a subsidy of £20,000, reducible as the business increases. No reply has been received to this offer as yet, but the customera of the line continue to complain bitterly of the exorbitant charges levied. The Overland Telegraph itself is in splendid working order, and the erection of the new poles, which will still further ensure i'9 permanency, is being satisfactorily proceeded with. No little alarm has been occasioned by a brutal and, as far as can be ascertained, unprovoked attack made by the natives upon the whites at Barrow's Creek station, one of the most isolated portions of the line. The moment for the onslaught was well chosen, the station hands, eight in all, being outside of their fortifications, and entirely unarmed. The Superintendent of the station received wounds from the effects of which he died a few hours afterwards, and a lineman was killed on the spot. The Government have taken steps for concentrating a sufficient force at Barrow's Creek to protect the station, or avenge the cruel murders that have been committed. The only way to ensure immunity from their treacherous attacks is to inflict upon them prompt and condign punishment for the atrocious outrage they have com mitted. From the narrative of this affairf may be deduced an easy solution of the mystery of Leichardt's disappearance. The Northern Territory is beginning to look up a little. Two or three Companies have been crushing quartz on a large scale, and the returns have been decidedly re assuring. No very explicit information has been published regarding them, but it has been proved that immense quantities of very rich stone are obtainable in the Territory. There is nothing striking in the mining news so far aa the southern part of the colony is concerned. No freah discoveries of consequence have been made, but the old copper mines are holding their own, and in one or two places the search for gold is being prosecuted with encouraging results. Turning to agricultural matters, we find that according to carefully compiled but unofficial statistics the wheat yield of last harvest will be about seven and a half bushels per acre, the unseasonable droughts and hot winds that prevailed at critical periods in the growth of the plant having seriously reduced the average. The area under crop has increased to the extent of over 100,000 acres, and the gross produce is set down at 6,547,000 bushels. This total, it is calculated, will leave for export rather more than 100,000 tons, and vessels are now rapidly carrying away this surplus. The weather of late has been exceedingly hot, with a plentiful lack of rain ; but as seedtime has not yet set in no very great harm has been done. From the Ciiei Inspector of Sheep we have had th« stereotyped report that the flocks of the colony are free from disease, and that th« pastoral interest is in what may be regarded as a thoroughly sound condition. Unfortu nately the same cannot be said of the meat-preserving industry, . which is showing alarming symptoms of collapse. The Adelaide Meat-Preserving Company is actually oa the point of giving up the ghost, losses to the extent of between £9,000 and £10,000 incurred during the course of last year having absorbed the great bulk of its ^apital and reduced it to the verge of insolvency. Statements made at meetings of shareholders give the impres sion that the affairs of the Association have been negligently managed, and although Borne of the lossea'are attributable to unfore seen depreciation in the value of produce, others of them were clearly preventible. It is understood that the Company will be revived after it has gone through the process of liquidation. Another indication that meat-preserving will not answer so long as stock remains at present prices is to be found in the fact that Mr. F. G. Hince, who has been carrying on operations in this line on a tolerably large scale, has had to make arrangements with his creditors. The discussions that have taken place at home on the subject of Australian wines have excited no small interest in these colonies. The general conclusion arrived at is that grest ignorance prevails in what might fairly be expected to be well-informed circles with regard to the special characte ristics of Australian produce. Special steps are now being taken by the Vignerons' Club in Adelaide to collect evidence as to the natural alcoholic strength of wines grown in this colony, and judging from the testi mony of some of the largest producers it will be easy to bring convincing proof that in numerous instances it exceeds 26 percent. On this subject a paper intended as an anti dote to the injurious statements of Dr. Thudichum and others with regard to colo nial vintages is to be forwarded to the Society of Arts by the outgoing mail. The Barrow's Creek Affair. — In our telegraphic column we publish a long message from a special correspondent with regard to the outrage at Barrow's Creek. To a large extent the information it supplies has been anticipated by commu nications to the Superintendent of Tele graphs, and much of what is fresh is summarized in a memorandum forwarded to us last night by Mr. Todd. For all that, the message will be of interest as containing the impressions of a visitor to the station who is not a Government officer. The news is of a character to confirm, all that we have said as to the serious nature of the crisis, and to justify the measures that have been taken for the defence of the station. It can scarcely be doubted that the attack of Sunday last was a precon certed affair, and that the blacks for miles around are criminally implicated in the outrage. The whites at Barrow's Creek now constitute a formidable force, but none too formidable for the occa sion. In the interests of the pioneers of settlement in the interior, in the in terests of telegraphy, and in the interests even of the natives themselves, it is desirable that the murder of Messrs. Stapleton and Frank should be avenged, and the blacks made to feel that treachery and cruelty are not qualities that can be turned to profitable account. To kill unoffending aboriginals in cold blood is an atrocious crime; to execute judgment upon assassins and the aiders and abettors of assassins is a duty that cannot be safely evaded. We hope that no false humanitarian notions will restrain the whites at Barrow's Creek in dealing with the belligerent savages by whom they are surrounded! It is only fitting that a word of commendation should be bestowed upon Mr. Tucker and his com panions, who have displayed an amount of zeal and promptitude in carrying out the instructions forwarded them from Adelaide, which does them infinite credit. European Intelligence. — Another batch of English Ministerial appointments is an nounced this morning, and at this rate the roll will soon be completed. The Premier, it will be seen, still maintains his preference for the friends who went out with him in 1S6S Thus the Marquis of Abercorn, the Eight Hon. J. T. Ball, Mr. Gordon, and the Pdght Hon. T. E. Taylor simply resume the offices they laid down six years ago. Mr. Sclater Booth passes after a lapse of the same period from a Secretaryship in the Treasury to the Presidency of the Local Board, and the Right Hon. Stephen Cave enters upon the position of Judge Advocate-General with experience gained on the Board of Trade, while Mr. James Lowther exchanges from the Poor Law Board to the Colonial Office. The Hon. Algernon Egerton, Lord George Hamilton, and Sir Massey Lopes are new to office, but they are well known, especially the List- named, for the consistent support they have accorded to the Conservative Chief. That Disraeli in the day of his prosperity should thus seek out the old colleagues who shared in his defeat is decidedly an amiable trait; for however wise such a policy may be, it is not every political chief who follows it. The first two telegrams relating to the West African war fully confirm the unofficial intimation we published yesterday of new troubles having arisen to menace Sir Garnet Wolseley and the gallant soldiers who are with him. While we have been congratu lating ourselves that the campaign was virtually at an end the little army has been called upon to fight apparently the hardest battle the struggle has yet necessitated. The inevitable conclusion seems to be that King Koffie, true to his well-known character, has been indulging in a pieoe of treachery. We shall not be surprised if fuller particulars show that his abject offers of submission were subterfuges by which he hoped to put his invaders off their guard, and also to gain time to complete preparations for attempting their annihilation by an overwhelming assault. If this wa3 his astute scheme it has happily failed, although not with out a severe strain being put upon our troops. They have had to engage in battle for five days, and seemingly fight their way step by step from the late camp to Coomassie. At length the capital has been carried, and one object of the expedition is conse quently achieved. Whether the Ashantee monarch has been f sufficiently humbled Is questionable. Certainly we shall not expect much stability in a treaty of peace, the signing of which comes so immediately after an apparent act of chicanery, and is followed by the conqueror's evacuation of Coomassie after occupying it for a couple of days only. _ The Victoria-square Question-.— The question of allowing the Glenelg Eailway trains to pass through Victoria- square has been decided without an appeal to the citizens, without even an appeal to the lawyers. We readily admit that with a majority against granting the concession sought by the memorial presented on Tuesday last it would have been a work of supererogation for the Council to have obtained a legal opinion as to their powers. Of their authority to decline the prayer. of the memorial, or rather to advise the Mayor to decline it, there can be no question, and they have exercised that authority. By dealing with the matter themselves and not remitting it to the ratepayers they have acted in a manner which comports alike with their responsibility and dignity. It seems to us, however, that the terms of the resolution are needlessly, even injudi ciously exclusive. Although it would be unwine to allow the rails to be carried through the middle of the square, it would be a real benefit to the citizens— a benefit with few or do counterbalancing disadvantages — to have them laid down along the roadway to the Post-Office. By offering facilities for such an extension the Council would be doing the city a positive service, but even this course seems to be barred by the wording of the resolution that has been passed. We hope the Council will not persevere in any such policy, but that they will even take the initiative in paving the way for such a decided city improvement. Mail Passengers.—^ The following passengers have booked to go by the outgoing eteamor : — For Venice— Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Shipster, thud, and servant, Messrs. J. Colton, and W. Biekford. For Suez— Messrs. A. Tenant and R. Love. For Madras — Mr. McDonald. The Chief Secretary.— The Hon. A. Blyth in his journeyinga seems to have been preparing himself for the coming session by a look over the institutions of the neighbouring colonies. Be was in company with Mrs. Blyth, shown by the Chief Secretary of New South Wales the Fert-street Public School in Sydney. The Adelaide Hospital.— A meeting of the Board of Management was held on February 27. Number of patients admitted since last meeting, 74; discharged, 71; died, 3; now in Hospital, 149; aumber of out-patients prescribed for, 592. Theatre Royal.— This place of amusement will be opened again to-night, the Emerson Troupe of Californian Ministrels having engaged to appear. Thursday's Exhibition.— Our reporters fell into a slight error in supposing that none of the Ministry attended tho Agricultural Show on Thursday, most of these honourable gentlemen havicg been really present. The crowd, how ever, was so great that the mistake seems excusable. Entertainment.— The members of the St. Andrew's Church Youag Men's Society, in their mode of giving public soirees, adopt a course which cannot fail to be beneficial to the Associa tion. The regular and orthodox elocutionary meetings and debating contests tend to private mental improvement, while the more public exhibitions of skill and efficiency relieve monotony and aid the members in attaining the confidence ossential to effective speaking. A soiree was held at the Town Hall Exchange Room on Friday evening, February 27, when there was a large audience, and the Rev. J. Henderson presided. A lengthy and varied programme, comprising vocal and instru mental selections, recitations, dialogues, and a scene from 'Alfred' were creditably rendered. The proceedings passed off with eclat. Rack Accident.— The Nortlu.rn Argus tells that at the Balaklava races, in the contest for the Shorts, Sketeher, who was riding the winning horse, in reining in after passing the winning post for the second heat, was thrown from his seat. After remaining unconscious for several hours he was removed to Hoyleton, where he lies ia a very precarious condition, and his complete recovery is a question of much doubt. Victorian Humane Society.— Mr. George Coppin proposes the formation in Melbourne of a Society of this kind, and has asked the coopera tion of the City Council, as he thinks something should be done to provide means of saving life on the Yarra and at other places, He considers it would cost £500 to put a boat and life-buoys near Prince's Bride. The matter kas not yet, however, been considered by the Melbourne Corporation. Betting on* Cricket Matches.— The English cricketers have been entertained at a banquet in Melbourne. The proceedings appear to have been considered private, but the Daily Teletjrapli gives the information that Mr. G. F. Grace returned thanks for the Eleven, and that the Treasurer (Mr. Langton) delivered an. address, in which he said only ' one thing was necessary to securo the success of cricket as a national game, and that was to keep it clear from those betting influences that cast a_ slur on the national sport of horseracing. Cricket had been free from suspicion in the past, and he asked cricketers to join and put down gambling in connection with cricket in future, so that it might remain a game to which a father could send his sons without fear and without reproach. The speech was received with enthusiasm, some of the A.E.E. .staudingup and cheering the senti ments.' The Hume Hoax.— Dr. Lang appears to havo been completely gulled by tho representations of Humo as to his discovery of Leichardt's re mains. In a letter to the Sijdnrn Empire, previous to the end of the farce, he says: — ' Conceiving that Andrew Hume is a ver3 ex traordinary person, as his very appearance testifies he is, that he is charged moreover with the very interesting: relics of poor Leichardt's unfortunate expedition, I am sorry 1 shall not be in Sydney when the forthcoming denouement takes place on his opening of the precious sealed casket ; as also when the requisite measures are taken for the rescue of the unfortunate sur vivor of the Leichardt expedition from the_ tribe of aborigines who now hold him in durance in the far interior. Bat as our Government have very little to say for themselves as to thair past treat ment of Hume— notwithstanding their payment of his passage from Sydney, which will cost them £5 at most in the cabin, and the Government of South Australia far less— I trust that when the great mystery shall have been disclosed, some thing handsome and worthy of his great merits will be conferred upon Hume, and that a most suitable equipment will be granted him when he goes forth, as I ascertained from him he is willing to do, to bring back the unfortunate Classen to the place from which ho started for the far west nearly 30 years ago.' Post Wakefdsld Shipi'INO.— The quantities of produce shipped from Port Wakefield for the week ending: February 21 were 75 bags of wheat for Port Adelaide, 5,559 do. do. for London, 3,233 for Sydney. Self-Repetition.— Another Mr. David Kerr, of Khivan correspondence notoriety, seems to have turned up in Sydney. Tbe Evening Post of February 19, says:— 'It has been represented to us that the second leader which appeared in the Evening Post of Saturday last . headed 'Political Snobs' was published some years ago in Punch. This may or may not be a fact. The leader was sent to, us in manuscript by a paid contributor who has beon long recognised as one of the very beet writers on the colonial Press. It was clever and brilliant; but we confess that on general sub jects we are aware that brilliant contributors are sometimes tempted to repeat themselves. We have known Mr. PuncJi himself to be im posed on in this way and reprint his own articles. We paid ence for the ' Political Snob' leader, and once is once too often.' A Compliment Oddly Returned.— The fol lowing occurred id a recent issue of the Sydney Xcvs:—' Madame Arabella Goddard writes to say that she intends to revisit her 'dear old Sydney.' We shall be exceedingly glad to see her, but we think that if there is any 'deanuss' in our mutual relationship it lies chiefly in the price of the fair pianist's concert tickets. We admire her very much, and shall always main tain that she is a dear— very dear— performer.' Hospital Sunday.— It has already been announced that the Wesleyan Conference intend to set apart a Sunday for Hospital collections throughout the colony, and we now learn from Mr. J. B. Champion, the Collector, that the Roman Catholic Bishop has expressed his readi ness to co-operate with other Churches in the matter. It is intended to address the Synod of the Church of England, asking them to appoint a day, and no doubt other denominations will be communicated with. It is proposed that the last Sunday of the year shall be fixed upon, The P. & O. Service;— By the Bangalo-% which; is expected to reach Glenelg in the course of to-day, Mr. Clifton, the agent at Albany of the P. & O. Company, will return to King George's Sound. During thi3 gentleman's three weeks' stay in Adelaide he has, in conjunction with the local agents of the wealthy Corporation he represents, been devisihg'means for rendering the visits of the ocean packets to Holdfast Bay as advantageous to the colony and as satisfactory to the Com pany as possible. We believe he has officially recommended that the Company should undertake the responsibility of shipping and landing all goods sent from or brought to South Australia in the ocean steamers, em ploying in the service a steamboat large enough to make its way easily to the Port should the sea be too rough to allow of communication with the Glenelg Jetty. Only in such cases, however, is it proposed to moke use of the Port, the Ade laide agents being constituted tho judges of whether it is safe to take up and land cargo at Holdfast Bay or not. A second proposal made by Mr. Clifton is that negotiations should be opened with the head office of the P. and 0\. Company as to the reduction of freights. His opinion is that if some of the Adelaide houses guaranteed to take a certain minimum space each month the charges would probably be lowered considerably. The third step taken has been tbe opening up of correspondence with the Melbourne office as to the propriety of setting aside for the benefit of Adelaide passengers^ a certain number of cabins by each mail in the same way as is done in regard to the New Seuth Wales and Victorian pas sengers. These matters afford pleasing evidence that Mr. Clifton has been doing his best to make his visit serviceable to the colony. The Humbug Hume.— In a second letter, addressed to the Melbourne Argus, Mr. B. C. Watson, the former Telegraph Station-master at Barrow's Creek, has written:— ' In your telegraphic news from Sydney on the 20fch is the following : — ' Hume has arrived, and had an interview with Mr. Parkes. He contradicts Mr. Todd's statement.' I can account for Hume's temerity in contradicting Mr. Todd only on the ground that he fancies himself safe in doing so, being so far away from Adelaide. Mr. Todd's statement, as published in the Argns, is true ; and when Hume says it is not so he says that which he knows to be untrue. Hume was at Barrow's Creek Station in December, 1872. He was engaged through me, by the orders of Mr. Todd, to go out northward, and hunt up certain stray bul locks and horses he said he had seen on his journey from the north. A man from Barrow's Creek Station went with him as far as Tennant's Creek, where the Barrow's Creek man was re lieved by another from Tennant's Creek. Hume and the latter man then went cattle and horse hunting, making Tennant's Creek Station their head-quarters. Hence Hume was rated on the books as at Tennant's Creek. On the 88th day after Hume left Barrow's Creek he returned to it— on the 4th April, 1873— and remained every day at the station for three calendar months, without being away from Barrow's Creek Sta tion one single day or night during all that time. I'do not believe Hume ever went westward, as he says he did, after the 3rd January, 1873, and I know he never was at Alice Springs Station up to 27th August, 1873 (the day I left Barrow's Creek). 'While at Barrow's Creek he had no papers belonging- to the late explorer, Leichardt; put his story was that he was abla to get them in a- very short time, although they were (he said) fully 900 miles west of the station ! After Hume left Barrow's Creek in July, 1873, he went direct to Tennant's Creek, where he re mained a short time. Then he went on to Powell's Creek Telegraph Station, where he was engaged as one of the station hands, and there he remained for some time, but how long I cannot precisely say. He was at Powell's Creek, however, when I left Barrow's Creek. Until 1 saw the telegram above quoted I believed the reporter who took Hume's state ment down might have made a mistake, but it is now abundantly clear that Hume alone is accountable for the farrago of falsehoods con tained in the extract you printed from the Bris tone Courier. Hume's hardihood and impudenco go bacd in hand, and quite equal eaoh other, otherwise he had not dared to contradict Mr. Todd. Hume was paid by me by an order upon the Superintendent of Telegraphs, Adelaide, for his SS days' services rendered to tho Govern ment of South Australia in the beginuiug of the year 1873.' A Luxurious Sydneyite.— The Evening Post, a new Sydney paper, says: — ' Young men who like to be kings for an hour, and who imagine that they can make gentlemen of themselves merely by putting on a fashionable suit and spepding money foolishly, will do well to read the evidence of Mr. Gustave Wangenheim, of the Ca'i' de Paris, King- street, given before the Commissioner of Insolvent Estates in the case of Frank George Hankey. It convey3 its own moral. Gustav Wangeuheim, examined by Mr. Russell, siid — I was examined on the 22nd De cember. I then referred to a promissory-note for.£100, which I gave to Hankey. It was re turned to me from Mr. Neil], of tho City Bank, by .Mr. Manton, Hankey's legal adviser. It was destroyed some three or four weeks before I was examined last. When Hankey was arrested, I paid £52 to get him out of the hands of the Sheriff's officer. Hankey gave me his cheque on the City Bank for the money ; but that cheque was not honoured the next day. The day after Hankey sent me (by Manton) Hardy Brothers' cheque for £20, which was paid, leaving me £32 out of pocket on that transaction. When he was in asylum— or in hiding, if you like te call it so — he used to send to me for money. I sent him £10 each time. It may have been five times that I sent him £10, but I think it was four times, and I am quite sure about three times ; Hankey received the jfull value of the promissory- note from me, so of course I destroyed it ; I have his name on my slate for something like £28— for little recherche sup pe_b, wines, and cigars ; he was a man who liked the best, and always had the most expen sive .wines (and the finest Havana cigars; a bottle of champagne was nothing with a man like him ; he would call for three battles of champagne to treat a billiard-marker; he would go into the kitchen and say, 'Hfllo ! cook, old girl, how are you ? Here, Gus, bring us half a dozan of champagne.' 'You have never been the keeper of a French cafe, and you don't know what a business is; you should come and patronise me sometimes, and you would learn something new. If I get nold of a rich man I get all I can out of him, so as to make up for others who don't pay. You should see my slate ; some of the names there would astonish you. I believed Hankey to be a rich man; he boasted that he was to have £200,000. I have receipts for the money I have paid, and hence Hankey's accounts in my books. What wonder that such a career should end at the Insolvent Court.' jAusteallvn Huntbesses.— Four young ladies living at Uzanga, near Bungendore, have accomplished the rather difficult feat of killing a kangaroo. They observed it passing the window at which they were seated and entering awaterhole, thenarmine themselves they gave it' anything bnt mild treatment. The Qvxen began Age says oi the fight:— 'After receiving a couple of blows from the well-directed aim of Miss M. A. Smith, and one from Miss Murphy, it became so enraged that it made a tremendous spring at Miss Emily Smith and Miss Murphy, who were nearest the kangaroo. Fortunately the former young lady held a long stick, and she courageously struck the animal on the head as it was in the act of leaping up the bonk. In the meantime Miss 'White and Miss M. A. Smith ran to the assistance of their friends, and were just in time, as the infuriated animal was recovering, to give it a few more good blows, vrhen it sack exhausted.' [From yesterday's Evening Journal] ?. Agricultubal and Horticultural Society. —The annual meeting of this Association, held on Friday, February 27, in the Norfolk Amu Hotel, was largely attended. The President (Mr. S. Davenport) occupied the chair. The various Committees and Sub-Committees were appointed, and other business of a formal nature was transacted. Mr. S. Davenport was nanimously re-elected President. Hospital Contributions: — The Bank oi South Australia has given £21 to this institution, fir. Peter Waite £10, the Roman Catholic Bishop £5 5s., Mr. Conrad £5 5s., the Waterloo District Council £5, Mr. H. Scott, for Mr. J. C. Hawker £5 5s., and Mr. A. Jones £5. i 