TOWN TALK In order to make room for our Paris Letter, local and English news, we have to-day dispensed with a leading article. The English mail steamer Golcortda arrived at the Heads early yesterday morning, when, the sea running high at the time, more than nsnal difficulty was, we are informed, experienced in the land ing of" the Geelong and "Western District portions of the mail, some of the hags being damped by the spray. Oar town letters were delivered by mid-day, the Ballarat. portion was forwarded by the earliest opportnnity, and that for the "Western District sent away by coach. . The Thomson "Ward separation agitation was fonght to an issue in the Town Hall lost evening. That. fho rfttepajda of the ward took an active interest in the disens sion was evident from the fact that nearly 200 were present, and their predilections could be judged. from the way in wbicb they applauded the advocates of the move ment whenever they made a telling point. It will'be observed that at a foil meeting t'he proposal to resist the petitioners for separation was only carried by the Mayor's casing vote. • Wle learn that Mr Brown, of Chilwell, is putting down a prospecting shaft on or near hfs property, and that it is very probable another gentleman will shortly follow his example. It is to be hoped one or both of these ventures will prove suc cessful, and settle the much vexed question as to whether or not there are payable quartz reefs or alluvial ground in this locality. ""Alpha's" letter on .the Bellarine school 'question contains nothing new, and we think the subject has been sufficiently ven tilated. The pnblication of Mr M.'s letter on/the Meredith and Morrison's ploughing would not do any good. \- An entertainment in connection with the Eenwick-street Baptist Sabbath School anniversary took place last evening. There was a numerous attendance of parents and friends, who testified to the successful eljorts of the children by their hearty ap plause. The Kev. George Slade occupied the c hair and made a brief speech; after which the secretary read the annnal re port showing a satisfactory increase in the numbers on the roll. The Kev. E. Green wood addi 'essed the meeting at some length, making souue humorous and well chosen remarks. A sale of gifts was proceeding daring the evening, presided over by the ladies of the .congregation, who appeared to be doing a. thriving" business. The scholars were assisted by Mr Hadfield's singing class, which greatly added to the enjoyment of the evening. After the cus tomary vote of thanks the meeting dis persed. . We have been requested to state that the. sale of gifts wiil be continued this evening, when no charge vC*ill be made for admission. The nsnal weekly meeting of the Gee long Young Men's Association held last evening in the Mechanics' Tns*'"tttte class-room, when, as had been announcers Mr Brandt read an essay on the Eise of PrnBsia. The essayist dealt with his sub ject in an able and creditable manner, giving an outline of the rise and progress of the kingdom and empire from its earliest origin, also showing clearly that its present prosperity was due mainly to the indomit able energy and perseveranceofits Emperor and Ministers. A tea and public meeting in connection with the anniversary of the Wellington Btreefc Wesleyan Church, and in aid of the trust fund, was held in that building last evturing. About 160 persons sat down to a tea provided by the ladies of the congrega tion, after which the chair was taken by Mr MarteU, and the proceedings opened with a vety impressive prayer by the Bev. Mr Ingham. Mr W. H- Brown then read the treasurer's report, which showed that the balance. to the credit of the general fund was £2117s 6d Mr Strong having read the church stewards* report, shewing -a balance of £7 Js 4d, addresses were de livered by the Jtevs. Koyce, Ingham, and Seal, followed by Mr Peters, who im pressed upon the minds of those present the .necessity of adding a Sunday school to the •church. It having been announced that •the evening's proceedings wonld result in reducing the debt on the church by abont £60, the proceedings were brought to s close by singing the doxology. ■ The half-dozen seamen composing the drew of the barque Medea, bound for New castle, were introduced to the presence of the Mayor and Police Magistrate at the Police Court yesterday, to answer for their mutinous behaviooro11 Sunday. The state ment of the captain tallied accurately with the facts already represented. Four of them had to'be fished out of the. public-, veyed oa board; and on Sunday morning, when asked to heave the anchor, they re- i fused, on the ground that the crew was not complete, the person who was nominally shipped as cook being a lawyer's clerk, who bad consented to work his passage to New castle, but knew nothing whatever of the important daties connected with the super intendence of the galley. The captain, ] who admitted that the "new cook" had | agreed to accept his passage to Newcastle, and Is a month, as an equivalent for his services, said he had expostulated with the men in vain, assuring them that the preparation of their food should not be | neglected, bat they continned obdurate, and finding that apple pudding for dinner i failed to produce any soothing impression, as a final expedient he had to send for the police. Constable Band stated that on going on boaTd he found the men in a I mutinous state, swaggering about with | knives in their hands, using frightful oaths, defying the captain, -and emphatically de claring they would not go to sea. The ringleaders in the disturbance were Pavey and Walker, and he believed if they had consented to go to work the others wonld not have refused. An hour was allowed them to make np their minds what they wonld do, and as they still absolutely re fused to proceed to sea they were arrested and conveyed ashore. In reply to the ] bench, the captain stated that had the crew gone to work as nsnal the Medea wonld have been in Newcastle by to-day. Pavey and Walker were ordered to forfeit two days' wages each, and suffer four weeks' imprisonment with hard labor; the otherB were detained daring, the sittings of the coart. - This evening Messrs T. and W. Down are to be entertained at a farewell dinner at Mack's Hotel, when it is expected there will be a numerous muster of their friends to wish them success in their venture at | Camperdown, where they have recently purchased an extensive business. . The annual meeting of the Corio Cricket Clnb takes place this evening. An exceedingly comical looking little ] man, named Michael Morrisey, was pro- ( ceeded against by his wife, a punctilious looking lady, at the Police Court yesterday j for threatening her life. It appeared that the loving conple had only been a few | months married, and although they both appeared to be considerably beyond the years of discretion they had evidently began to grow tired of the sweets of matrimony. The hnsband, who was a hawker, had been absent for a season, and fears for bis safety induced his spouse to write to the police at Hamilton, kindly I enquiring for him. 'This seems to have irritated and annoyed the old man, for on Tuesday last, having returned home, and after seeing some friends away in the' steamer to Melboarne, he deliberately took np his gun and threatened to massacre Mrs Morrisey if she did not produce the letter she had received in reply. The case, which had a somewhat comical aspect throughout, was dismissed. The annnal festival of the Corio Division, Sons of Temperance, takes place in the Mechanics' Institnte to-morrow evening. Addresses by several members of the Legis lative Assembly and ministers are to be delivered. The treasurer of the Geelong Homoeo pathic Dispensary has mnch pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of five guineas I from Mr Joseph Bray, on account of his | son, Charles L. Bray, as a contribution to the funds of the Dispensary. A correspondent writing from Melbourne, wishes to know when the Duck Ponds Races will be held. If he will refer to our issue of the I8th instant he will see when nominations are to be sent in, hat when the races are to be held we do not know, the honorary secretary having omitted to give such information'in his advertisement. The trial of George Bntchart on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque for £100 on the Bank of Victoria was continned yesterday, before his Honor Judge Moles worth, when evidence was taken for the | defence. Drs. Thomson and Robertson, and other witnesses, were called to show that the prisoner was of nnsound miml. In addressing the jury for the defence, Mr Ireland, Q.C., contended that the whole conduct of the prisoner since his illness proved that h'a mind was disordered, and that there was no tangible motive for the elaborate scheme which he had put into operation for securing the comparatively small sum of £100, when he could, if he had chosen, have drawn ont £3000 in de bentures, lodged at the bank in his own name as trustee. Mr O'Loghlen replied on behalf of the prosecution, contending that the cunning displayed by the prisoner in carry i ng ont the scheme was a sufficient evidence of his sanity in the legal sense of knowing the difference between right and wrong. As to the absence of motive he suggested that the prisoner was probably trying in the first place whether the bank would pay the £100 cheque, in order that if the forgery proved successful, he might subse quently draw upon the same account for a mnch larger amount, since it had been stated by the officers of the bank that Mr Tyson's account was good for £50,000. His Honor summed np, and the jury who retired had not given their verdict when onr report closed. The following appears in yesterday's Ballarat Star:—"The name-of the Rev. J. A. H. Ingham, of the Geelong Western Circuit, has been freely mentioned in con nection with a charge of alleged plagiarism. On Sunday, the 13th inst., the reverend gentleman preached mLydiard-street Wes leyan Church, and two yonng men took notes of the sermon, which they allege was | one of Talmage's, the text being the 36th chBp. of Jeremiah and 23rd verse. The matter will be brought before the district meeting shortly. Mr Ingham denies that he has plagiarised anyone." We are in formed that immediately Mr Ingham heard of the damaging allegation referred to in the paragraph quoted he placed the manu script of his sermon in the hands of a well known minister, and wrote to the chairman of the district requesting that the matter should be promptly and fully investigated. A balance has been struck of the re ceipts and expenditure of the art anion and concerts in connection with the Ballarat Mechanics' Institute, and the net profits are shown to be £3600. The Courier re marks, as the institution was indebted to the amount of £4300 when the art union and concerts were started, the result still leaves the institution in debt £700. A letter from the Kev. Joseph Dare, undated, appears in the Wellington Chro nicle, giving an account of bis voyage from Sy/lney, and tonching at the Fiji gronp. In th° footnote the editor says:—" Mr Dare pleached in San Francisco, and created qu.'te a sensation by his sermon. Some stay was made in Utah among the Mormons. He visited Baltimore (where he was the guest of the Kev. T. Guard, D.D.,) Chicago, Hew York, and various other cities and towns of interest. At Troy, he was present at the national camp meeting at Round Lake. His sermon, be fore this great Methodist gathering, is thus reported in the Troy Whig:—' The event of the meeting was an exceedingly masterly sermon by the Kev. Dr. Dare, of Melbourne, Australia. The text was from Matt, xxviii., 19:—' The Father and the Son, and the Holy Ghost * The first half of the discourse, was explanatory of the doctrine of the Trinity. It was a wonder ful sermon. At its close all the people said "Amen," and sang "Arise my soul, arise !" * 1 Dr.' Dare, as he is styled above, left Hew York for England on 18th July." There is a rumonr at Brisbane that the Government intends to propose' the con struction of a trunk line of railway to the Galf of Carpentaria, to be paid for by land along" the conrse to be traversed. We (Sydney Mail) shall be glad to find that the rumour is well founded, and to see the project carried promptly into execntion. Not only is the establishment of every new means of improved communication between distant and important points of Australia to be welcomed, but the snccessful intro duction of the policy of making the land defray the cost of its own improvement would be a benefit to the colonies generally. Some of the "unco gnid" are about to gft W Alt Wm ttife Wh PWV1 We learn from the Border Watch, that— •'The friends of the Presbyterian-Church at Harracoorte, have resolved to launch a big scheme with the object of raising funds for the new church. The first four prizes wiii be silver dinner sets, varying in value from £1250 to £150. The winner of the first prize will have the option of taking £1000 in lien of his prize. The remaining prizes, about 500 in number, are not speci fied, but will, we presume, consist of works of art. It is proposed to sell 5000 tickets at £1 each, and to distribute in prizes £4246; the difference will go to the church funds. The scheme, though of a some what questionable complexion, will no doubt be popular. It is under excellent auspices, and the object is good." The Pastoral Times is glad to hear that the Hon. J. G. Francis, ex-Chief Secretary of Victoria, is getting very mnch better at Canally, though the weather hitherto since Mr Francis was recruiting at Balranald has not been so very favourable for pul monary disease. The dry and, warm atmosphere of Riverina is magical in effects on persons suffering from lung affections, and in this respect the qualities of our cli mate are , becoming known in England. Some time since a gentleman from thence reached Echuca in a most emaciated condi tion from, lung disease. He got slightly better there, but " the oldest inhabitant" told the sufferer that if he went to Jeril derie (100 miles north of Echuca), he would secure the full benefit of our warm, dry, and genial atmosphere, so away he went, and was kindly permitted to reside on the station owned by Messrs Peterson, Sargood, and Co. After being there for a week he felt wonderfully better, and in two months he returned to Echnca a new man, so altered that those who knew him when he left the latter place for Jerilderie could, not see in him the same individual that they knew two months previously. We constantly hear of like restorations to health, and we sincerely hope that the " blnntabut - honest" ti-Cbief Secretory of Victoria will so benefit by the change as to enable him to return to the office which he so well filled. "Unstable as water thou shalt never excel," is a remark that might be correctly applied to the present Attorney- General. Some time, ago when applied .to he con seated to the JBallarat Turf Club holding an Art Union. The question which is, however, to be asked in the House respect ing the Mechanics' Institute Art Union has apparently so frightened him that at a meeting of the clnb held on Saturday, a letter was read from his office virtually withdrawing the previously given permis sion on the ground that when he had granted it he was under the impression that the works of art were in existence. How he conld possibly hav« received Bueh an impression is not at all clear, he cer tainly was not led to believe by the sec retary of the club that such was the case, the real truth of the matter would appear to be that he either does not know his own mind from one day to the other, or is afraid of air G. P. Smith: As to works of art not being in existence, what- a flimsy excuse, the Act, it is said, does not require that the works of art shall be in possession of the promoters, one might as well say all 'the works distributed by the London Art Union are painted and modelled when the annual prospectus is issued, and this we know would not be correct. If Mr Kerferd objects to such speculations being entered into, jvhy did he not boldly say so at once, and not lead any public body of men into useless expense by his vacillation. The champion ploughing match, to take place on Wednesday next, promises to be the most important affair of the kind ever known south of the line. The Courier reports:—There were no les3 than sixty eight entries made with Mr Morrison, at Craig's hotel, on Saturday ; and these in clude the champions of Tasmania, Hew South Wales, and all parts of Victoria up to the borders of South Australia. In Class A, single-furrow Jplonghs, there are 47 entries, the prizes being—First, 50 sovs, with the society's gold medal added ; second, 30 sovs. third, 20 sovs ; fourth, 10 sovs; fifth, 6 sovs; sixth, 3 sovs. In Class B (double-furrow), 12 entries—First prize, 20 sovs; second, 15 sovs; third, 10 sovs ; fourth, 5 sovs ; and, fifth, 3 sovs. In Class C (for youths under nineteen), there .are 9 entries, the prizes being—First, 6 sovs, with a silver medal added (the gift, of Mr S. Cadden,. Alfredton) ; second, 5 sovs; third, 4 sovs; fourth, 3 sovs; fifth, 2 sovs; sixth, 1 80v. In Class A, two more entries from the representatives of the Cargerie Society were expected, bnt the men had not put in an appearance up to four o'clock. On the morning of the match, Cobb and Co. will run special coaches from the Cor ner at nine a.m. and eleven a.m. Trains will stop at the point of the Oreswick line nearest the match ground, but this will be more than two miles from the scene of action, and it is probable that cabs will ply from the train to the ground, as well as convey passengers direct ont from town. 