CONSECRATION OP ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL. The important event of consecrating the Cathe- dral Church of St. David, which is also, by regula- tion of the Synod, the parish church of St. David in Hobart Town," attracted a very large congregation yesterday morning, sufficiently numerous to testify to " the great interest evinced in the ceremony. The erection of a Cathedral for the diocese of Tasmania is an event which has been before the minds of Episcopalians in this colony for many years, and its consecration must be hailed with intense satisfaction by all who cherish a desire for the progress of the Church of England. The adherents of that Church form a very large and wealthy portion of the community, and though it has not been without strenuous efforts that the Cathedral has been brought to its present stage, yet contributions in aid of its erection have been received from all parts of the colony, and the edifice, which is the result of many years labour on the part of the bishop and clergy and Episcopalians throughout the diocese, is a grand structure, specially fitted for the worship of the Almighty, and a noble consummation of the persistent and arduous efforts of a zealous body of people. The most of our readers are so intimately acquainted with at least the exterior of the cathedral building, that we think it unnecessary to attempt any description at this time. Facing Murray-street, and adjacent to St. David's Church, where many of our worthiest citizens have wor- shipped for a life time, and to which they still retain a very natural predilection, the Cathedral presents a lofty and grand appearance. In its design it is said to comprise the architectural beauties of more than one age ; so that we cannot assign any particular period when edifices of a similar construction flourished. The interior is yet in an un- finished state, and will probably remain so for some time. Those who are not intimately acquainted with the cathedrals in the Mother country, can have but a faint idea of the length of time, and the great ex- pense attending the entire completion of these edifices, and therefore we cannot fairly anticipate that St. David's Cathedral shall present all the splendour, taste, and beauty of English cathedrals without a large expenditure of money and the lapse of some considerable time. There is no doubt that now the consecration has taken place, a great effort will be put forth to improve the interior. In its present state, it does not exhibit a very comfortable appearance. The stone walls are quite bare, and in fact, there is no ornamentation of any kind. Temporary seats in the shape of chairs and forms are used, the pulpit is a fragile structure, which will serve its purpose until the permanent one has been made and there are various other temporary arrangements which will of course in time give place to more ornate and befitting furniture lhe sanctuary is arranged in a very dignified manner, the most of the adornments being presents from well wishers The pulpit adjoins the nearest pillar to the sanctuary on the right hand side, while the lectern is erected in the centre of the chancel. The font designed by Mr Hunter, aud made by Mr S Watson, stands near the west door. Of the magnificent windows we have before given a minute description. They are splendid works of art, and beautiful adornments to what must eventuallv become one of our finest architectural structures, both externally and in tenally The cathedral was designed by Mr Bodley, the local superintending architect being Mr Hunter The prayers and psalms were intoned Mr F A Packer presided at a powerful harmonium lent by Walch Bros The offertories during the day were-morning, £107 17s 8d , evening, £30 18s 8d.. The ceremony yesterday began at 11 o clock, the building at that hour being crowded. His Excellency the Governor, Hon Mrs Du Cane, the Earl of Donoughmore, Sir Valentine Fleming, aud many prominent citizens were present. The choir came first in procession to the number of sixteen men and twenty boys attired in surplices The Cathedral Chapter -Archdeacon Browne, Canons Davenport, Hales, Parsons Hudspeth and Bromby, and Mr R J Lucas and the Registrar, met the Bishops of Tasmania and Adelaide at the west door. The Bishops were accompanied by the following clergymen:- Rev F B Sharland, chap lain to Bishop Bromby, and bearing his pastoral staff, Rev A Moflat, bearing the beautifully jewelled pastoral staff lately presented to Bishop Short by his clergy; Revs G B Smith, C P Greene, J Buckland, J Gray, J Dixon, S B Fookes, J Chambers J Nethercott, H D Atkinson, R Wilson, Brooke Bailey, C J Brammall, H 0 Irwin, A Mason, W W F Murray, W A Brooke, G W Shoobridge and J Mace , and the following who are visitors from other dioceses -Revs J Otter, T Cole, aud C E Sanders. The Ven Archdeacon Davies was una voidably absent. The Bishops aud clergy then walked to their places chanting the 24th psalm, Domini est terra Bishop Bromby went to his throne on the north of the sanctuary, and Bishop Short to his chair on the south side, the other clergy occupying their appointed places The deed of conveyance was then presented to Bishop Bromby by the Incumbent. The Bishop then turned to the congregation and said :- Dearly beloved in the Lord: forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Spirit, or by the express command of God or by then own reason and sense of order and decency, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all piofane and common uses , which godly piactice hath a manifest tendency to udvmice the lioiiotu of God s holy Name, and to enliven the dovotioi of those who aie en g iged in His service lut us humbly hope, th it our heavenly 1 ather »ill favourably appiov e oin present purpuie of setting apart this plaeu m solemn m m net, or the pel foi manee of the seveial olhces of ich gious worship , and let us faithfully and devoutly X>iay for his blessing on this our undertaking Then the Bishop kneeling down (the Cleigy and people also kucelnij, ) said the follow mg prayers 0 Lternal God, mighty m povvei, of majesty in comprehensible, W nom the hcav en of heavens cannot cont un much less the walls of temples m ido »ith hands Who yet hast been graciouUy pleased to promise Huno especiil Presence ni wlutevci place evcutuooi thiee of Ihy faithful sorvauta shall assemble ni i hy Name to ofiei up their sup plications au X their praises to Iheo , vouchsafe, 0 Lord to bo present with us who ¡ne here gatheied together to couseciato this place with ill humility and leadiness of heal t to the hoiiom of Ihy yent Name, separating it heneefoith fiom all unhallowed, oidmary, and common uses, md dedicating it entirely to Ihy service for reading tlieiem Thy most lioly Wold foi celehiatiug lily holy Sacraments for offering to Jliy glouous Majesty the sacrifices of prayer and thanksgiving foi blessing Ihy peoplo in Ihy Name, and for performing all othei holy ordinances »Inch miy be lawfully solemnised therein Accept, O Lord this sei v ice at our hands and bless it » ith such success as may tend most to Ihy glory and the sal vatiou of Ihy peoplo, through Jesus Christ our Lord aud Saviour Blessed Father, Who host promised m Ihy holy Law, that in eveiy place wheio the remembrance of Thy Name shall be put, Thou wilt come unto U3 aud bless us , accoiding to that Thy promise como unto us and bless us who put now upon this place the memorial of ihy narnu, by dedicating it wholly and only to Thy service and worship Blessed Saviour, Who in the Gospel, with Ihy bodily Presonco didst honour and adorn tho Feast of the Dedication of the lemplo , at this dedication of this lemplo unto Thee be present also, and accept, Good Lord, aud prospei the woik of our hands. ' Blessed Spirit, without Whom nothing is holy, no person or placo is sanctified aright ; sei)d down upon this place Thy sanctifying power and grace, hallow it, and make it to Theo au holy habitation for ever. Blessed and glorious Trinity, by Whoso Power, Wisdom, and Love all things aro purged, lightened, and mado perfect ; enable us with Thy Power, enlighten us with Thy Truth, perfect us with Thy Grace, that both here and clsewhoio acknowledging the Glory of Thy eternal Trinity, and in the power of Thy Divino Majesty worshipping tho Unity, wo may have the fruition of tho glorious Godlioad, Trinity in Unity and Unity in Trinity, to bo adored for over. Thou standing up, and stretching forth his hands to all parts of tho Church, (all others still kneoling,) the Bishop added this Blessing : God tho Father, God the Son, and God tho Holy Ghost, accept, sanctify, and bless this place to the omi whorounto, according to His own ordinance, wo have ordained it, to bo a Sanctuary to tho Most High, and a Church for the living God : tho Lord with His favour ever mercifully bohold it, and so send upon it His spiritual Benediction and Grace, that it may be tho Houso of God to Him, and tho Gate of Heaven to us. Tho 122ml Psalm was thon chanted, during which time tho Bishop and his attendant« proceeded dowu the North Aislo to tho Font. The Bishop, laying his hand upon tho Font, said : ' Regard, O Lord, tho supplications of Thy sorvan te, and grant that whoaoovor shall ho dedicated to Thee in this Font by Baptism, may bo sanctified hy tho Holy Ghost, delivered from Thy wrath and otornal death, and boing mado a living inonibor of Christ's Church, may ovor remain in tho numbor of Thy faithful and elect children. Then, proceeding to tho Locton), ho added : Grant, O Lord, that by Thy Holy Word, which from this place shall ho road, tho hoarers may both porcoivo and know what things they'ought tn do, and also may havo giuco and power to fulfil the same Then, proceeding to tho pulpit, tho Bishop said : Grant, O Lord, that Thy Holy Word, whioh from this jilftuo shall bo preached, may ko the savour of life unto life, and, as good seed, take root and bear fruit in tho hearts of all that shall hoar it. Then, proceeding to the entrance of the Sanctuary, he said : Grant, O Lord, that they who in this place shall in their own persons renew the promises and vows made for them by their sureties at their baptism; and thereupon be confirmed by the bishop, may continue Thine for ever ; and being preserved, in the unity of Thy Church, may daily increase in Thy Holy Spirit more and more, until they "come "to Thine everlasting kingdom. Grant, O Lord, that whosoever shall be joined. together in this place in the holy estate of matrimony may faithfully perform and keep the vow and covenant betwixt them made, and remain in perfect love and peace together unto their Uves' end. Then standing at the Holy Table, and laying his hand upon it, he said :- < .- i ¡ . z Grant, O Lord, that whoever shall receive in this place the Blessed Sacrament of the i Body and Blood of Christ, may come to those Holy Mysteries with a true and penitent heart, 1 lively faith, and perfect charity ; and being filled with Thy grace and heavenly benediction, ' may, to their great and endless comfort, obtain remission of their sins, and all other benefits of His Passion. Grant, O Lord, that whosoever shall confess their_ sins, and offer up their prayers and praises unto Thy 'divine Majesty in this place, may draw near* unto Thee with such steadfastness of faith, and with such seriousness, sincerity, and devout affection of mind, that they may be graciously accepted in Thy sight : O Lord, pardon their sins,compassionate their infirmities, enlighten and sanctify them by Thy Holy Spirit, so to serve and worship Thee here below, that finally they may be received into Tliy presence, to praise and glorify Theo for evermore. Grant this, ' O Lord, for Jesus Christ's sake, our only Mediator * and Advocate. . ;. Now unto the King eternal, immortal, and in- visible, the only wise God,, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, bo honour and glory, for ever ond ever. Amen. . ' '.' Tken was sung the hymn, " We love the place, O God." > , î , ' ,. After which, the Bishop being seated, the Registrar (Mr. Harrison), read aloud the Sentence of Consecration, which the Bishop signed, and commanded it, together with the other Deeds, to be recorded and registered in his Registry. The folio« ing is the sentence :- . In the name of God. Amen.-We, Charle» Henry, by divine pei mission, Lord Bishop of Tasmania, by virtue of our ordinary and episcopal authority, do hereby set apart, in conformity with a resolution of Synod at its session of 1873, this church from all profane and common uses, and dedicate the same to God and divine worship,'as the " Cathedral Church of St. David," in the city of Hobart Town, within our diocese and jurisdiction, suoli church, in pursuance of the said resolution, to be held to be " the Cathedral Church of the Diocese of Tasmania, and also the Parish Church of St. David in Hobart Town." And do consecrate the same Cathedral Church for the celebration therein of divine worship, the reading the common E rayer according to the form prescribed in the ook of common prayer mode and published by authority of the Imperial Parliament and the canons and constitutions of the realm of England in that behalf law fully established ; the reading, preaching, and expounding the word of God ; the administration of the Holy Sacraments of Baptism and the Loi d's Supper ; the publication of banns of marriage ; the solemnization of marriage ; and the peí formalice of all other ecclesiastical duties what- soever, according to, and in conformity with, and not repugnant to the rubric and articles, doctrine and worship, discipline and government of the Church of England, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever ; and we do openly and publicly pronounce and declare that it shall so continue for ever here- after separated, dedicated, aud consecrated by this > our definite Benton«e or final decree, which we make and pronounce by these writings, saving and reserving to us and our successors, all ordinary and episcopal jurisdiction, rights and privileges. In testimony wheieof we have caused the episcopal seal of the Seo of Tasmania to be hereunto affixed this fifth day of Febiuaiy in tho year of our Lord 1874, and of our consecration the eleventh. C. H. Tasmania. The oítico for the day was then said, Canon Bromby officiating. The Rev. Canon Parsons read the first lesson, 1st Kings viii. 22 to 62, and the Rev. Brooke Bailey the second lesson, St. Luke, i v. 14 to 21, continuing to officiate until the end. After the collects, the hymn, commencing "Christ is made the sure foundation" was sung, and morning prayer hav- ing been ended, the celebration of the holy Eucharist followed, the hymn " Pleasant are thy Court« above " being used as an introit. The collect for the Queen, and a prayer on behalf of all who were then present or should hereafter enter into that house, were followed by the reading of the epistle, Eph. xi. 13, and the'Gospel, St. John xi. 13-18. The Nicene Creed was then chanted, and was followed by the hymn, " All people that on earth do dwell." The Bishop of Adelaide, preceded by the Rev. A. Moffat with the pastoral stall', then ascended the pulpit, awl preached an excellent sermon from the 122nd Psl.ain, 3rd verse, " Jerusalem is builded as a city that is compact together." His Lonlship began by referring to the undying interest which surrounds Jerusalem even in the sunset of her ancient glories, to its numerous claims of historic interest. This was tho place which the Lord God chose out of all theil- tribes to place His name there, which they were to seek, and whither they were to come. This was still the spot whither, after l8 centuries, the outcasts of Israel still resort to bewail their exile from the land of their fathers, and testify their undying faith in the restoration, when tlicir-Redceinei'8hall come to Zion, and the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established on tho top of the mountains, and he exalted above all hills. It was here that the family unity of the twelve tribes was sealed afresh by observing their three great national festivals, foe thither the tribes went up to testify unto Israel their common descent from Abraham, and to give thanks for it unto the name of the Lord. But the history of the Jews possessed a yet deepor interest in its typical character and spiritual instrnctivonesa. If in tite patriarchal age individual and family life arc pourtrayed with a truth and pathos unrivalled in profane literature, so when the Hebrow nation waa horn in the day of its exodus, we have pre aeuted in their law a religious and political system, which-secured civil equality and individual freedom, no less than spiritual wisdom and moral purity. Never was theroa commonwealth at any period of tho world so blessed as that of Israel, under which [ au independent yeomanry dwelt peacefully amid the, hills and valleys of Canaan, exempt alike from' tho snare of riches or evils of poverty, havjng Jeliovafj for their defender and God. "Whether this happy scheme of pastoral mid rural life was ever realised or not, the Mosaic polity and Hebrew worship, traced by tho spirit of God, stand out as full of wisdom and goodness above those of all other heathen nations, typical nt least in their principles, if not obligatory in their forms. Jerusalem was ' the city or church of God. The compact together ot tho twelve tribos in that one metropolis and sanctuary symbolized the unity of the Church of Christ ; and tho city of David.built to that end and purpose, typified the building up the Church of Christ, the sou of David, on that same principle of unity. His Lordship enlarged at some length on tho unity of the church. Indeed to such unity, he said, the work of God's spirit, and the good Provi- dence of God protecting his own, might bo attributed the successful resistauco offered by the church to tho persecuting powers of the world. The preachers of the Gospel, persecuted in ono oity ried into another. Everywhere the}' found brethren and sisters, and sympathy and support ; so went their word even to the ends of tho world, No marvel then, that oxporienco itself should put forward, as an essential point of belief and obligation, tho oneness of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. They »d' mission of tho nrticlo into tho creed, stamped unity as a principio of the doctrine of Christ. lit was the I unity of sympathy, the compactness of brotherly love His Lordship, aftui stating that we had lived to see the rule generally admitted that overy man »as fieo to »oislup God as to him scorned good asked what had been the result ' Had the fice »ill oflermg and heartfelt worship of a \vtiling people been less turn, steadfast, or decided than that faith and soi v ico » Inch » as secured by the teriois of the Inquisition, the pilloiy, tho thumb sciow, 01 the hoot' What if freedom of thought hud caused an intellectual upheaval, a painful rest- lessness, a petulant disdain of dogmatic authority ? Still the mental stiuggle implied in "proving all things " if by tho guico of God it united in " holding fast that »Inch is good," onsuicd a firmer grasp of rov caled ti nth, of tho things of the Spirit, of the unseen and e toi nul li no it »as, and no less pity 'tis ti no, that, individual opinion and private judgment lind led to infinito division ni the Church of Chi ist To the suporhcnl ohscivoi or the I lgnoiant heathen, it might seem as if each | ClniBtian body taught a di lieront gospel, and that j ench cost out the othei fiom tho church of God ' But strip off tho maunorisiii and modes of speech,and I the form and garb which molo than tho Buhstauôe | distinguish the vauous christian bodies from pach qthoi, and » e soo them one in tho great trutliB of Chi ist s Gospel After eulin fcing upon this point, thq Bishop pi ncocdod to say that tin subject waa not alien fiqin the work in »luoh thoy were enga- ged that day, vu , tho.dedicatiou of this beautiful sauctuaij. to the soi vico of God and prayor He con- tinued -Ilia Cathodi al is tho parochial church of the » holohody of einnehmen » itlnn it Tho Greek word paioiüioi, oi naiishinnor, simply moans those who aie dwelling by or nein the motiopohs, or mother city, of wluoli tho Cathodial Church is tho chief sanctuary Wo soo how, as the apostles evan- gelised tho cities of Asia and Gicoco, the conti ob of population, the chinches »Inch thoy gathurod »mihi become the mothei chinches of those eitles mid distnuts , the scat, m seo, vvhoiu tliuv m dinned colleges of |ncsb\ tem, mid left, as at EphcsiiB, a 1 iinuthj ,oi ,in Ci uto, a 11 tus, tnehargosnnio that thoy should touch no mIi ango dooli mo, " to sot in order thoso that »uro »anting," " oi dam oidora, " mid to ? chuko, if need were, with all authority Suoh apostolic (M1I11U1H810U has beuu handed an by a sue« cession of mun ordained to tin it special episcopattç, together with the deposit of the faith and the canon» ¡cal Scriptures as tho Word of God. The Cathedral Church is then at once the seat of authority,as well as the symbol or sacràmont of unity to the diocese at large, and it« parochial subdivisions. Hero, ac- cordingly, assembled our Synod of clergy and lay brethren, after the example of the first Synod in Jerusalem, in which the appointed elders and brethren passed tho decree, not to placo the yoke of the law, of Moses on the Gentile Christians. Hero the'Bishop now, as of old, retained near his person some chief among the Presbyters, men full of faith and wisdom, to minister with him iu the Mother or Cathedral Church ; to consider with him questions touching tho good of the whole body of believers in the Diocese ; to aid him also in the examination and at the ordination of elders. It follows from such functions assigned to the Bishop's capitular body, that the members of it should bo not only gravo mon, but mon of learning and culture. From them, therefore, should flow out the influences of a sound scriptural theology and literary attainment among their brother clergy. The services also of the, Cathedral Church may reasonably be of a more finished and ceremonial character ; while from tho capitular pulpit a higher excellence in preaching tho Word of God may be justly looked for, and otter a model for the younger ministers. Such is the origin and such the advantages connected with a Cathedral Church in the metropolis, and of a capitular body selected from the general body of the clergy. For ' spiritual counsel, for the influence of learning, for the best considered form of Divide service, it may be a valued instrument and source of .good. Such is the organism devised in the earliest ages, and handed down to us by the wisdom of confessors and martyrs. It is for us, then, in these latter days, to deal reverently with such institutions. To har- monize in them tradition and progress, preserving the good influences of hereditary usages, and at the same time adapting and modifying thom to the wants and discernment of a reasoning age. Above all, let us cherish in them the sacred bond of unity which they afford, a principio consecrated, as we have seen, by the Spirit of God as an essential attri- bute of His church, from the first moment of its visible existence in the Jerusalem of David; the new Jerusalem of David's greater Son, tho Redeemer of the World ; and lastly iu the Heavenly Jerusalem, when this first heaven and first earth shall have passed away, in which the nations of them that are saved shall walk, and, clothed with the white robes of righteousness, and holding in their handB the palms of victory, shall, together with the holy augels, say, Amen ! blessing, and glory, aud wis- dom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might be unto God, which sitteth ou the Throne, and to the Lamb for ever and ever. Be it ever the fervent wish of our hearts to cherish the spirit ' of saintliness and unity in the Church of Christ. May we earnestly pray that this sanctuary Buy be blessed of God to that purpose in this city and territory. May God put it iu all your hearts this day to offer willingly of your substance for its com- pletion, and the supply of all thing« necessary for the .service of God and the glory of His name. Remove from it this day the burden of debt. So shall God think upon you for good, according to all that you have done for His sanctuary and His people The offertory and prayer for the church militant followed Iho greater pait of the congregation left, and the Bishop ol Tasmania thou celebrated the Holy Communion, assisted by the Rev Canon Bromby Canon Hales read the epiBtle, and Canon Davenport the gospel Subsequently the rite of christening was celebrated by Bishop Bromby THE EVENING SERVICE The evening servico(which was choral)comnienced at half past seven, at which hour tho spacious catho dral was again filled The first lesson was read by the Rev Canon Halos , the second lesson by the Rev C P Greene, and the prayers were chanted by the incumbent, the Rov Canon Bromby iho Right Rev Bishop Bromby preached the seimon, «.looting as his text the words m the 9th verse of the 2nd chapter of the prophet Haggai "The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the Lord of Hosts The riL,ht rev preacher (»ho was very indistinctly heard in several patts of the building) commenced Ins address by saying that from the earliest ages of the worlds Ina toi y the natural instincts of men had led them to set apart some special place where they had devoted them »elves to the worship of Almighty God He instanced the erection of the altar by Noah, after lie had come forth out of the ark , the building of the temple by Solomon, and its subsequent íesto ration by the Israelites aftei theil return from captivity, in suppoit of his statement, and proceeded to say that beautiful as the temple thoy had that day consecrated niifeht be-and it »as a credit to any city or town-still unless the sor vices were accompanied with earnest devotion, their assembling together would hu of little good It would bo worse than woi thiess, unless thoy had the presence of Christ m their sei vices No eloquent preaching, no grand hymns of piaisc, would bo of any use unless in that preaching they pleached Chnst, and lum ciucitied, and in then piaisc Christ was adored He proceeded then to icier to the ofhees of the chut eli, hoping that in that cathedral many would follow tho example which had been gil en thom that day by a citizen in bringing his child to the baptismal font, and aftei onlai guidon tile advantages of having houses of piayoi and praiso whore the Almighty could be »oishipped, spoke of thedebtupou the Church Before themoiiuiiL.service it remained £l,f>00, but by the liberal couti ibution «t the couseeratiou* sei vice that amount had been reduced by ¿100 and more. This was a tuno w Inch would scarcely como again in then cal tidy life, and as he knew that iasm mian hbeiahty »as not stinted m cases which appealed to tho sympathies of the people, ho had no doubt that au ellnrt » ould be inaue to cloai too chuich of debt, and tint they would make it as woithy is mau could mako it for the worship of the I athol, to »lioso picsonco they must come, and in whoso lovo and fellowship the) iioppd to live Let all couti ibu to, fiom nil patts of hu colony and indeed v isitors from other colonies also let thuin by then contributions show their gtatitudc to God fqr the i enow ed health or iccnuted strength which they uu0ht haicospciienced duuiiL, their sojourn here, and ho believed much of the debt would he removed At the close ot tho ser mon a collection was made, and tho Right |tov Bishop Short ha\ ing piouounccd tho benediction, the Borvice concluded 