WTTT?. TAPTirP BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURERS. Mr. Langridge, M.L.. A., introdiieedalarge. deputation on Wednesday to the Treasurer and Commissioner of Customs. In intro ducing the deputation, Mr. Langridge said, the gentlemen present represented the prin cipal boot and shoe manufacturers in Mel- bourne. They did not object to fixed duties, but preferred them to ad valorem duties. The object was to point out how the mea surement duties would press unequally. Mr. Slattery explained that under a mea surement duty, as proposed, the tax would press uneqally. Expensive and highly- finished boots would pay no more than, 'if ,30 much as, _th'e cheap and comihqn kinds. He submitted that a regular - scale of duty should be charged, according to the sizes of the boots, a difference being made between the finer and common kinds. If an absolute measure ment duty were charged, without regard to. other considerations, boots would be packed, without heels and otherwise, so as to reduce the payment of duty as much as' possible. The speaker then read a list of figures, showing the unequal effect of the proposed measurement duty. Mr, Tyler said that some boots were imported at the present time without heels, but Mr. Slattery ; said the percentage of boots so imported now was small, but it would largely increase if there was an inducement to do so to economise space in packing. Mr. Service said if he were to adopt' the suggestions of the deputa tion, and take asabasis of calculation thenum- bers of the boots, the importers might ring the changes on the numbers, applying smaller numbers, to the larger sized boots. In fact he was informed that the German numbers did not agree relatively with the English num bers. Mr. Slattery said that might be got over by adopting the English sizes, as the standard of measurement, those sizes being as well defined as an English yard. Mr. Service asked if the manufacturers would not alter them? and. Mr. Slattery said he did not think that likely. Mr. Bat said this subject was of great importance to the manufacturers, who now paid from £150,000 to £IGO,O0O a -year in wages alone, and if the measurement duty pure and simple were imposed, the manufacturer would not have a ghost of a chance against the importers, who would be able to resort to all sorts of expedients to evade the payment of duty. Mr, Service said the Government did not wish to place the manufacturers in a better or in a worse position than they were under the old system. The Birnple object w&9 to secure as much revenue by the fixed duty as wub formerly secured by the ad , valorem duty. Mr. Roelens then urged that the Government should not. allow any rebate on boots alleged to have been damaged, for it was well known that manufacturers often, secured a remission of duty on boots that had merely been ex posed to wet, and were none the worse for the contact with water when brushed. By this means they were able to undersell persons who did not secure a like remission. Mr. Cohen said no duties were ever re mitted except where it was proved beyond doubt, that damage had been sustained, and then it would-be a robbery to charge the full duty. After hearing other arguments Service thanked the . deputation for the information they had afforded him, and said ho would, with his colleagues, carefully con sider their suggestions. ' 