PORTFOLIO. STE COMMUNION OF THE HoLY GHOST. -When the tide is out you may have noticed, as you ramble among the rocks, little pools with little fishes in them. To the shrimp in such a pool his foot-depth of salt water is all the. ocean for., the time being. lie hlasno dealings with his neigh bour shrimp in the adjacent pool, though it may be only a few inches of sand that divide them, But when the rising ocean begins to lip over the margin of the lurk ing- place, one pool joins another; their various tenants meet; and, by and by, in the place of their little patch of standing water, they have the ocean's boundless fields to roam in. When the tide is out when religion is low-the faithful are to be found insulated; here a few and there a few, in the little standing pools that stud the beach, having no .dealings with their neighbours of, the adjoining pools, calling them Samaritans, and fancying that their own little community includes all that are precious in God's sight. They forget for a time that, there is a vast expanse of ocean rising--every ripple brings it nearer: a migh tier communion, even the, communion of saints, which, is to engulph all minor considerations, and to enable the fishes of 'all pools-the Christians,. the Christ-lovers of all denominations-to come together. When, like a flood, the Spirit flows into the churches, church will join to church, and saint will join to saint; and all will rejoice to find that if their little pools have perished, it is not by the scorching summer's drought, nor the cast ing in of earthly rubbish, but by the in flux of that boundless sea, whose glad waters touch eternity, and in whose ample depths the saints in heaven, as well as the saints on earth, have room.to range. Yes, our Churches are the standing pools along the beach, with just enough of their pecu liar element to. keep their names hving during the ebb-tide period of the Church's history. But they form a very little fel loivship--the largest is but little; yet is there steadily flowing in a tide of univer sal life and love, which, as it lips in over the margin ,of the little pool, will. stir its inhabitants with an unwonted vivacity, and then let` them loose in the large range of the Spirit's own communion. Happy church I-farthest down the strand ! nearest the rising ocean's" edge I Happy church I whbbie sectarianism shall first be swept awayfin this inundation of love and joy; whose communion shall first break forth into that purest and holiest, and yet most comprehensive of all communions the communion of the Holy Ghost I Would to God that church were mine I-Dr. James Hamilton. 