CLIPPINGS FROM THE DISPATCH, A Middlesex jury having agreed that it is not libel to colt a man "a filthy creature/'" a shock- ing car," "a viper," or " n mean spirited advou- turer," Mr. Edward Wclby Pugin bae been ac- quitted. Mr., liladatono, who was put id the witness-box on Mr. Pugjn's behalf, described hfm as " a tnao of warm emotions/1 We shrewdly suspect that the appearance of the loader of the Opposition as a witness to character bad a groat effect upon the jury and a good deal to do with the verdict. Still, ss every one caonot call an ex-Prime Minister to strengthen his case, we should advise gentlemen of warm emotiona to think twico before hey indulge in an imitation of the Welby Pugio letters. Libel cases just now are remarkably rife, and conriction and acquittal hope become raoro matters of chance. Trial by jury is a lottery, and should como under tho Lottery Act if wo do not ..wish to boo common sense and justice outraged with sickeniog persistency Setting a Dog to Worry a Woman. — At tho Manchester County Police-court, on 'Monday, a brickmaker was charged with kicking and beating a woman with whom ho lived, knocking her dowo with a brush, and 6nally holding her by tbo hair whilst be incited bis dog to bite her. The pour woman's arm was shockingly bitten tiv the/dog. The assault was committed in the jfreaenco of a" " crowd," who made no attempt to interfere. Sir John Mantell committed the prisooerto gaol for six months, and ordered him to find sureties at the eod of that term for another -period of six months.— A man, 84 yonra of age. has beeo so severely kicked at Wigan by a drunken oollior that be is not expected to recover. The Building Sooibtt Fraud at Nonmon.— On Monday, at tbe Norwich Police-court, Frederick Fish, clerk, was charged, on remand, with Aiding Josiab Butifant, to defraud the Norwich and Nor folk Provident Buildiog Society of £10,000 and upwards. Another case was proved, in which £78 paid in for four shares was only putdown as a few shillings in the sooiety's lodger, while tho amount was marked off as closed. It was further proved that Buttifant read out of ihe lodger, which he afterwards altered, to the auditors, whom ho thus succeeded in deceiving. Fish was committed for trial. In the " project" proposed to ho submitted by tho Russian Government to a war coogress to ho held at Brussels, the following lovely idea is ex pressed as a "general principle"!— V Tho hecessi- tioa of war cannot justify either treachery towards tbe enemy, or declaring him an outlaw, or tho employment of violence ororuelty towards him." Tbo present method of warfnro must either bo cousiderably altered, or the Russians have strange ideas of violenco and cruelty. To shoot a man is certainly to be cruel to htm ; to run him through with r bayonet is to be violent to him, ntTeast wo should think so. The Russians evidently look upon these' little incidents as interchanges of inter national courtesy. The idea of war being carried on without violenco or cruelty, but with guns and bayonets, Is like displaying your love for the' partner of your joys by kicking her downstairs, ' Jbrdkr oy Boys.— On Wednesday afiornoon, a Birmioghan coroner's jury, after two sittings, re turned a verdict of " Wilful Murder" against two youths named Sullivan and Kelly, who, on the 13th iosj., drowned a companion named Samuel Earp, lfi years of ago, in the canal. Tho evideti'co showed that the prisoners induced Iho deceased, who could not swim, to go into deop water to bathe with them. They left hiin there, Sullivan remarking, " He'll be better up in heavoo." Tho deceased sank, nnri ihn nrignm.,. !.. Hm.. -M- .iuvuvib iviuseu tu ilBSISl him, desptto the entreaties of portions on tho bank. Tho body was not recovered for o consider able time. William Rush, an ordinary seaman, attached to the Royal Naval Barracks, Sheerncss, was recently brought before a court-martial assembled on board H.M.S. Duncan, flagship of the Hon.G. F. Hast ings, C,B , Commanding-lnChiof at the Nore, on a chargo of striking Jamos Casollck, a gunner of the Dunoan. The prisoner, who was not atatod to bo a man of bad character, pleaded guilty, and threw- himself on the roeroy of tbe Court. He was sen tenced to five years' penal servitude. A corres pondent writes " If such sentences as these are to be passed on good-conduot men. tbo country need not wonder at tbo thousands of men that desert every year from our Navy," T" v7ar<> is stopped for fourteen days, i ho enlightcnod world generally presents its com- piimenU to the Parisians, and bogs to assure thorn that they have its heartfelt sympathy io this their latost tribulation. The Figaro was the French- man s joy and tho Frenchman's delight. The men read it for its scandal, its daring iodiscretion. and Its devll-may-oaro way of dealing with tho most serious subjects! Tho women read it for its racy stories and lis serial talo which was excessively immoral and highly interesting, Tho Morry Androw of tbo Parisian Press plungod ono flno day , tl,a treacherous sea of politics, and the result is suspension. For a wholo fortnight Paris must oust without its pet. This fact and the comet together have driven our neighbours considerably nearer delirium than they havo been for soma time, franco might not inaptly be termed tbo land of uoatica, had not our owu a prior olalm to the Mile. Allecibd DuinEny ATNoTTisaiiAjt.— On Tues. day, nt Nottingham, before Mr. Justice Den-nan. two men, named Joseph Lowe and John Gavled wore charged with brlbory at the ' municipal eloc! lion last Novomber. Tha prosecution waa iosll- tuted by ordor of the commission who trlod the petition, which resulted in tho unseating of the successfulcnndldatcsinSt. Ann's Ward. A number of witncsflftR ivltn ho/! t.ir . sowbsvq,, ,mM n crown each Jrom ono or other of tha defendants, with instrue- Hons how to voto, woro examined, but tho iurv acquitted both tho defendants j and ids lordship remarked that until jurymen could bo found to entertain stronger views upoo tho subject, bribery Would not bo put down.- " uubbt'na or a Canal.— On Wodnosdny morning July 15, a lafgo quantity of property in Gla.gow. the value of which is estimated at between £30,000 and £10 000, ivne doslroyed by tho bursting of a rii„ Drtb-oa»tirn district of the Iho Mnnklnnd Canal, 'Whioli is the water highway between Glasgow and Edinburgh, runs through a large chomical work and ironworks j but for some time workmen havo been engaged mnkina a diversion of the canal, tho object \oing to put Th. "T"?, 0n . Boulh silla these works. Tho construction of tho new channel at this point aul«mn' "»d was completed ' "1- Wator was admitted to flow Into J' fr th purpo." Of testing Iho now work, but I ..ha.kgbe.a ah.et.i.d, It was omplied M Ml !." 0 l,avinB tbo dbfeota remodied, tho water wae locked out or the new portion of tho oenal, end thei-e was a great pressure of water near to the juuotlun of the orig nal channel and tho new portion. A loakn .... observed at that point, and on Tuesday evening two men were left tq. watoh. it,. A littlb aft oolook on Wednesday morning, they saw 50' the i enbankmsnt give way, and a great voltlm; i water rusli forward. A largo number of ihl who were at the placo ondonvourod to divort il7» course of the wator, but fulled. Tho w»i„. . tinned to ron until the canal for two miles was u"n' dry. When tho groat sheet loft tho embankment the first obstnclo In lis way was a lame .in, boundary wall, which was .wept away j s hean 'f coais was scattered, then tho bleachworks „ Messrs. William Adam and Sons, Including eat. , slro warehouses, shops, olllcca, and workmen'." 7r,tiCn'7.WCn,Timi"a"t:'1-, T,,a Iow" stories 0f tho buildings wore flooded, tho wator rising vr, high. Large bales of goods tvcrooerrlcd aw»y, valuable machinery was twisted, plpos uproiiiw I and furnilure destrnyqd. The whole damage dons to tho Moenrii. Adam'n proporty is estimated 88 »#a ">,000. The Molendfnar Burn which runs through the casL'rudistrict of Ihocitv ana nows into tno utytio at tho bottom of tho S»|t market, passes closo-by the bleachworks, and tha vater ultimately got into this courso. The Bum was consequently much swollen, and at an carlv hour in the mornfng tho Inhabitants of lowdyinp houses on its bunks were awakened by tho rush of water in their dwellings. In some of these houses the water rose 6ft., and It was with diflkuUy that the pooplo were rescued. Extraordinary vall of Rain.— One of tho most oxtraordlnry foils of rain evor known ia London occurred in tho great thunderstorm of this day week, when in ports boar Hackney omni. buses bad to cease running for a time from tho floods,— horses being braatt-high in water, and tho furniture in tbe lower rooms of tho houses floating about. Tho rain fell so thickly, that, at times," it veiled completely ono sideof the street from tho other, as if by tho down-swoop of n cur- taiu, Tho "lightning was mischievous, and in a good raanv instances fatal, but not so fata as it has often been. But a more tropical down-rush of rain has never been seen in Eoglaod.— Spectator, July 18. Tub Rxvsnus from Bekil— Mr. Boss, tho great bretror, made a romarkablo statement the other night in tho Houso of Commons, to tho effect that he nova to tho Cbaucollor of tho Exckcquor £750 every dov, mounting to £272,750 per annum. This is an astounding declaration. If ono man pojsyearlv to tho Inland Berenuo Department mora than a quarter of a million sterling, it is easy to understand hon- tho vast total of oxobe iluty may bo reached. Mr. Bass pays about one-eightieth of tho whole exoiso duties of tho United Kingdom. Sinco tho duty alone on Bass's aio is so portentous, what must bo tho consumption and the profits P — London Correspondent, Extraordinary, iftbuk.— A correspondentofthe Syduoj Evening tfeios furnishes that journal with Iho following strango story wiuob ho introduces with tho romark, " I would not have you think I hero any ambition to bccoino tho author of a ghost story, and trust that you will suppress my nemo (which I subscribe) in tho eront of your publishing this letter and goes on to tell:— M On Sunday evening last, at about 11.16 p.m., 1 was returning to my homo by what is called tbo 1 paddock' in Gipps-strael. When about half-way botwoon Macqurrio and Smith streets, I observed something near tho fenco, on tho right.hand sido, which appeared to mo ot first sight liko a goat. On ncaring it, nowevor, it appeared more like a person undor tho influonco of liquor ; and I went up to it with tho intention of assisting him or hor to rise, i struck a matoh, whioh went out ; a second attempt was more auoccssfuL Holding it down closo, I observed a man's face, about twioo tho sizo of an ordinary ouc. It hod a white nightcap, on tho eyes were open, tho forehead, noso, mouth, and goucral features stood out in bold outlino, and clearly rocoguisablo ; the skin of tho faco was much shrivelled, and uppcarcd like' that of an old man. It had stumps of uruis from about tho olbow, which wore held ereot. The legs were cut from abovo tlio thighs. It had on a sort of short nightshirt, which camo only to tho loins. J became very much afraid, and made tho bost of my way home. WJion at tho corner of Gipps and Smith streets I met a man, and such was my ogitation that it took mo several minutes before I could convoy to him what hud occurrod. Wo at onco went back to tho spot. Tho mon went up to tho object and struck a mutch, but immediately sprang back to inu, crying out,' If'n u-r-— spirit— get a stone and hit it/ My eyes wero on the object; and ' whon ho. gavo expres sion to theso words it went from ray sight in meet mysterious manner. Sinco speaking of this I have found that it has been soon bcioro, in oxaetly the sumo Sluco and manner, by parsons whoso names I unclose, fo doubt. on tho appearance of this statement, tho arty who wont back with mo will supply you wit): lis name in confirmation, as I am unacquainted with him," 