Truth and Justice. To the Editor. SIB,—If you will allow me a small space in your widely-circulating paper, I will endeavor to correct the false notions St. £; Cleer, Cornwall" holds of me, as one s® closely befriended by the gentlemen whose lives and characters have been threatened to be prayed away, by holding special prayers for that purpose. But as a lover of Truth and Justice, I did not write my letter from the small standpoint of self-interest, at the expense of others, but from the broad standpoint of Christianity, as all Bible Christians ought to do, and not on the small standpoint of prejudice and slander. I can assure " St. Cleer " the friendship I receive iscivility and justice. I earn my bread by the sweat of my brow, with the pick and drill, and not by the pen or by overseering, at the expense of any other man, as " St. Cleer" supposes. Now, sir, I doubt not but what " St. Cleer" has had some special favor conferred on him, and he was ready to cry out Hosannah !" and to esteem the two gentlemen in question as great friends for a time; but lo! the scale seems to be turned, and what do we see I " St, CieCi."," with the rest, crying out " Away with them ! they are not fit to live J" Such Christian friendship and sympathy as that is very prevalent in time of success and prosperity, but this is not true friendship. True friendship is showing sympathy in time •f adversity and trouble, without respect to special benefits, or the cry of the mob. As regards the law of the Meacs and Persians being unalterable, and Daniel's refusing to comply with the decree, I see 110 compari son wha'ever. Daniel was a prophet of the God of Heaven, who wrote and spoke as directed by the Holy Ghost, obeying the voice of his Master, and knowing there was a conspiracy against him by his enemies to destroy him or to cast him out of his position, as he was over all the other great men of the Province, and he was envied by them because there was an excellent spirit in him This is the only comparison I can draw between the Manager and Daniel: there is an excellent spirit in him. I hope this will convince "St. C.eer" of his error, and lead him always to speak well of the bridge that carries him over, and that he will be for the future A LOVER OF TRUTH fc JUSTICE 