'VCfiKTU W#-~*&tTTBS; rjUifXB. tFnM^VWT^rAkvmtfiQrrm^tM.) I f I ha VE jiwt tils muawut icfumod from C'lok town, «iid h*v« tried to get tLe lnvc«t iviiatilo BewB&uintheiWoier.; rhiveyewneverid tuea who amv«d in Guwku- wn toe .lay befure 1 k-It. They ugroo -iu stating that the riven are all down. Jlone of themliad to Mwim, «od the nmd was very good to within about twenty miles of Cqoktown. when it cuiumenced to be soft and boasts. The diceinin accuuntM vary. Oue man assured me that 1 dwt. pei day waa tlie gcuei-al earnings of a man, but this T take cum gmno, as tbe majority of the returned diggers tell a very different tale They say thu diggings are a perfect success. Guld exists in payable quanti ties, but the meu bavt not tlie heui-t tu work, owing to weakness from wjuit nf fund. There is absolute starvation on the Palmer. No rations had yet arrived, «'sr-;i.-pt what was brought by parties for their own consumption. Men have actually boiled- tluir OioU (raw hide at £2 per pair) to obtain suine nuurisbiuent. A pannikin of flour is ttuid to liue been sold tor an ounce of gold, lli^it has been unheard of for u length ot time, uut 1 niu tuld tlmt cuttle !i:ive just readied tbe diggings. If t-o, it will be tlie Hiilvatiou of n umbers. There are uumbers of likely-lnukiiig reefs at nmny points up tu within forty iijilt-.- of Cuiiktuwn, but men will not trouble tliei: Leads ubnut tlu-in s-. lung as tbe alluvial is rich. I buk some tine spci uil-iis of quartz, stuJJed wuh gulii, takuu from a reef by a traveller. That gold will be discovered near to Cook town is veiy geWAllv lielieved. Men will not stay to prospect, however, but push on to tbe Pafnier. The name seems to have a magnetic attraction for them. One great drawback fci tlie diggings is th.it men liavp to walk or ride from tlieir claims, a distance of thirty-live miles, to obtain the only food av;ul.:llc, U-.iii . and then they have to give extravagant priced fur it. Tlie principal dijjirinjr;; lie on '.lint por tion ot tne river Known as Tim L,eii-ii:ma Branch. Oniug to the floods, the diggers, had to abandon tlie l-ed of the river und work tlie guiliea, which prove very |-aVHl-le, Snidii ie.ids have been discovered al a depth uf l'roiu twenty to thirty feet. Carriage from the Kndeavor to the P.-ilmer is I conducted by pack-horse, and is charged for at the rate of from Is. 3d. to 2s. 6ii. per pound. In one case 4s. per pound was given. It is estimated tlmt it would require UMH-o pack horses to supply the' diggings from Cooktowu. The old road is very good, und would be pass able for drays if about half a mile of the range were cut away. A strong roiid party would do tlie necessary work in a. very short time. There would then be no need for a renard to the first party who threw provisions into the diggings, j The road discovered by Mr. Douglas is said to be atrocious. A man who went up by the old mad and returned by the new declares that Mr. Douglas' road is utterly impracticable. Horses cannot travel it with a couJ chance of safttv. A false step, and a roll nt 'Hi' feet is. the result. My informant shw several Imrses killed on this j road. He says that he and his mate prospected for a distance of I2i- miles up tlie Palmer, and they never saw such a triccu of road anywhere else, for danger and difficulty. During his pros pecting tour he did not find payable gold any where ; but as he confesses that he is a mere novice in gold-digging, his non-success may be thus accounted for. On the whole, I think it is safe to state that the Palmer is undoubtedly a good diggings, but whether it will alone support the thousands who are rushing there, remains tu be pruved. Pros pecting parties may du much. The following additional items of news are from the first issue of the C«'j!:Ujum Courier :— Dutiable goods wcie first collected upon in this port last month, and the receipts fur Feb ruary amounted to i'7b9 6s. Id. An investigation was held by the Police Magistrate on Wednesday last, touching the cause of death of a nmn named Joseph Gordon, who was f-iund de«d on the Nonnanby Range by two returning diggers named George Pratt and William Menijin. The examination elicited ! tint the deceased's in»les hud beeii obliged to ' leave him and seek succour ; that he at thu time was suffering from dysentery, and desired to be ! taken from the horse he wa.s riding, and nllouvil to rest by the roadside ; that he would iu tii. cool of the evening proceed a few miles, ai;.! make Cooktown the following day or so. The i men who discovered and buried the deceased found on his person £22, and it «ms starud at ills examination that he possessed i's.id in a bank aud an iuterust iu a reef iu Victoria. On Thursday the Police Magistrate held an inquiry into the circumstances attending the discovery of the body of one Bernard Horisk, who was found dead on the Normanby Range, about 33 miles from Cooktown, on the 3rd inst. Two men named Charles Teary and Robert Weir deposed to first seeing the deceased, and that a crowd of men behind them coming up assisted in searching and burying the body. The evi dence disclosed the fact that several wounds had been inflicted on the deceased, and that there was blood on his clothes ; also that the spot where he lay was marked by prints of a naked foot like a blackfellow's. The wounds were de scribed as a scalp wound on the head, (several bruises on the body, neck much bruised, wound on back of right ear like a spear wound. The inquiry is still proceeding. AtLirjATOHS. — The Port Denison Timer of tbe 7th says :—' On Friday evening last a boy need about fifteen years, the son of Mr. Porter, of Euri Creek, was dragged by an alligator into a waterhole close to his father's house. Il appears that this boy find his elder brother had been engnged getting pigs into a sty, and that the pour lad who is gone went duwii to tbe edge of the waterhole to wash a sreeiiliide rope which they had been using with the pigs. WbiJKt he wan so engaged his little sister, who was sitting on the ba.uk hard by, niiw thealigatur seize the boy by the leg and drag him under water. She gave the alxrui, but it was of course too late, the brute hud dragged the boy down to the bottom, ivid nothing more was semi of him for several days, when a lt-g and a portion ot his clothing flouted to the eurface. _ Some energetic stepa should be taken to get rid of this brute, which it appears has for a long time past been known to frequent this waterhole, as well as some other, a» it is said that there are now a good niHiiy of those dangerous monsters in Ruri Creek. We would suggest that two or three charges of giant powder exploded simultaneously in the wiiterhole would probably stun the brute sufficiently to bring him to the surface and render him helpless, long enough for a man to finish the job by putting an end to him altogether.' A Disgraceful Practical Joke.— The Wtitern Post relates thnt on fcriday night last two youthn (one of them an aboriginal) were finding on the bonks of the river, near Mndgee. when a man with h sheet over him stole behind them and waved his hand over their heads without sneaking. This sudden Apparition (for theboyH tbomrut it a ghost) struck terror into them. The black boy ran fur his life, and hid himself in an adjacent cornfield ; while his cowpamoni who wiu ttluwt itstalysod with fear, «mraed««rt.plteouidy for help. It suggested itself to a ample iif men living in the neighb-ir- hiKMt vlwhe^tliese tWribl*«liriek«, thttaume 