THE DEBATE ON THE ADDRESS. . TO THE EDIT 0B. Sir— r Would you be good enough to allow me to give my opinion upon the speeches of three of the leading members ef the House of Assem bly ? Upon this occasion, firstly, I will take Mr. Barrow's, which I entirely agree with, in his desire to give the Government a little more time to exDlain matters, and not to kill them at first sight— this was just as it ought to be. Secondly, I will take my old friend, Mr. West Erskine, and I am sorry I cannot pay him the same compliment.; but I must be honest, and therefore I must Bay that in my opinion his speech upon this occasion will not add anything to his popularity. Does he 'think for a moment that becao.Be a few hundred honest peaceable Cornish Tamers united together for the benefit ef -themselves and families, by demanding a fair wages for their work, that such ought to be put down With fire and sword ? This is a disfran chise with avengeancr, in depriving the working class of their privileges. If we had a few hundreds of wild Irishmen, or of any other countrymen, crying for Home Rule and down with the Government, then I say by all means pnt them down with a strong hand if necessary; but not to raise a force of soldiers to prevent the working men from asking a fair price for their labor. Thirdly, I 'wilt take Mr. Ward. Hid dtiiiaaIi maa -4naK -urlto^ T- 4-_d/\n-vTl^ 'if1 Yxrs\nls1 rta — excellent. Mr. Mann and others may sneer at him, but Mr. Ward will make his mark some day as a- real UBeful politician, if he has not 'done so already ; and whether the present Go vernment took their new land policy from him or. not, it is much needed, and it not passed this session will be sure enough to pass next. I don't think that any gentleman going' against all country lands being put up at £1 per acre, and any part, or rather the whole colony, to be open for selection, will have a ghost of a chance to get a seat ia Parliament. How, Sir. I would respectfully ask yon why should our Land Act be less liberal than Victoria ? I am, Sir, &c; , AN ELECTOR. River Murray, May 16. [In oider to ? obviate unnecessary controversy, we may remark that in his allusion to tbe em ployment of armed force, Mr. West-Erskine meant no more than 'An Elector' does, namely, that there should always be a suffi cient force for the protection of life and pro perty, not to prevent working men asking what price they think fair for their labor. — Ed.] 