STRANGERS AND PKG-RIMS. BY MISS BRADDON. BOOK SECOND.-CHAPTER IV. (CONTINUED.) Ir ono has not what ono loves, ono must lovo what ono Juts, said the old wonmii,c flinging back her flowing raven lochs with a sigh of resignation. " We've sold all tho tickets, and that's a grand point, and wo shall ¿ave at loust a, hundred pounds for the widows-odious snuffy old creatures, I dare say, and no t worth half the trouble wc aro taking for them ! A thousand thanks, major, for your exertions in Tyburnia, and to you, Lord ruulyn, for your laoours at 'J'attcrsall's. I really think we shall make a success. Miss Luttrell is a magnificent Woffington." " Egad, she'd bc magnificent in any thing," said tho Viscount, rapturously. " I always think, if there over was such a person as Helen, she must have been like Elizabeth Luttrell. »She's such an out-and-out beauty. Don't you know in Homer, when she came out on the ramparts where thc old mon were sitting, though I darosay they had been abusing her like old boots be- fore she showed up, thc moment they saw her they knocked under, and thought ten years' was hardly too much to have paid for the privilege of looking at her. Elizabeth is just that kind of woman. It's no matter how she carries on, a man must adore her." " I say ditto to Mr. Burke," said tho major. "It's a pity she should marry a country parson, isn't it?" asked Mrs. Cinqmars, who had been made acquainted with Elizabeth's engagement by tho damsel herself in a moment of confidence. " Fifty to one against that miirriagó ever coming off," said thc major; "a pretty girl always begins with a detrimental, just to get her hand in. I dure say those Funning sisters in King George's time wcro engaged to some needy beggars before they cantu up to London and took thc town by storm. I can't fancy Miss Lut- trell settling down to thc goody-goody kind of lifo, with ii sanctimonious fellow in a white choker." "No, by Jovo !" cried Lord J'aulyn ; "lean fancy any thing sooner than that. But she's just tho sort of girl to do anything, however preposterous, if »ho once sot her mind upon it." This was a fragment of confidential talk in Mrs. Cinqmar's boudoir, which itt this period was littered with court swords, three-cornered hats, flowing peri- wigs, and other such paraphernalia. Thc important night came at last, in an interval of. tropical weather, tho thermometer at eighty six in tho shade, all thc greensward in thc parks burned to a dismal tawney hue, arid as a simoom- blasted desert. Heavy, insup- portable weather, at which Anglo-Indians and other travellers in distant climes, from China to Peru, grumbled sorely, declaring that they had encountered nothing so oppressive as this sultry English beat in Bengal or Japan, or Lima or Honolulu, ns the ease might be. A damp, penetrating boat, as of a gigantic hot-houso. London and her wide- spreading suburbs wrapped in a dim shroud of summer mist, palo and impalpable as the ghost of some dead-und-gone Novem- ber fog, and all thc denizens of thc vost city visibly dissolving, as in a Turkish bath : threatening weather, with the perpetual menace of a thunder-storm impend- ing in the leaden sky. T< It will be rattier too bad if thc storm were to como to-night," said Mrs. Cinqmars, as she leaned against tho embrasure of an open window languidly, after tho last rehearsal, which had been prolonged to within a couple of hours of the performance. "Eut I shouldn't at all wonder if it did. Hark at those horri- ble little birds twittering, as if they were saying, Oh yes, it will como soon ; it can't keep off much longer ; I feel it coming. And how the laurel leaves shiver ?" " "We've sold the tickets," said tho major, philoso- phically : " thc indigent widows will be none thc worse off if it rains bucketfuls all tho evening." " Do you think that will reconcile me to our play being a failure?" cried the lady, indignantly. *' As if thoso snuffy old things were tho first consideration !" " But you do it for their sakes, you know." "Fortheir sakes! Do you supiioso I pay Madame Fantini unheard-of prices for my drosses for their sakes? I shall dio of vexation if we've any empty benches." ""We'dbettor send a whip round to thc clubs,"said Major Bolding. " I don't want a herd of men," exclaimed thc aggrieved manageress ; " I want a brilliant-looking audience those Manchester and Liverpool women with their omoralds and diamonds. However, wo'd hotter dis- perso at once, and begin to think of dressing. Two hours is not too much for putting on costumes of that kind. Lizzie, you and I will havo some tea and cold chicken in my room, if wc cnn manage to cat-my mouth is as dry as a furnace ; and as for you, gentlemen, there will bo dinner in half an hour in Mr. (Jmqniars's study. All thc other rooms arc confiscated to thc intorests of thc widows." "Aro tho widows to seo us act?" in<|uh'(!d Mr. Hartley. " They ought, I think, in order to appreciate thc effort wo aro making for them at its just value. It would bo rather a clever move, by-tho-way, a row of old womun in black bonnets. Mrs. Cinqmars could point to thom whon she svieaks her little epilogue : * Behold, kind friends, thc recipients of your bounty.' " " It will bo quito enough to speak of thom. And now, gentlemen, if you really mean to bo dressed by nine o'clock, you'd better go to your rooms. Du Uhatolot, bo sm-o you conic to nie at a quarter to nine to go over your scones for tho very last timo." Du G'hatelct gronnod. He was thc Triplet of tho piece, and had sorely toiled in his laudublo desire to roproduco tho looks and tones of Mr. "Webster. He had oven sacrificed a handsome black moustache, which he folt to bc a costly offering, on thc shrine of Art. It was nine o'clock, and tho storm was impending still spreading its dark curtain between earth mid tho stars. But it had not come, and ourringo af tor ourringo, thc chariots of Tyburnia and Kcclcstouia, rolled round the gravel sweep before tho broad portico of tho I'uucho. Tho foyer filled rapidly with a pleasant swirling of silks and satins, a fluttering of plumes, and flashing of iowols, until tho half dozen rows of luxurious scats became a very flower garden, tho brilliant colours of tho inoro costly sex only agreeably toned by tho Puritan garb of man. Tho billiard-room had hoon fitted nj» UH au auditorium, and by a, skilful removal of tho vast window which tilled one end of tho room, and opened on the garden, tho apartment hud been extended into a temporary nhed boyond. This ohed, with gently Eloping floor und Kunk foot-lighto, wac tho stage. Tho iranio of thu win- dow, wroathod with flowering oreopera, which ceomcd to havo grown up after tho fashion"of tho famous bean stalk, formed th*c proscenium. Tho brilliant light in tho auditorium ennk gently to a somi-rtarkaoso, au tho band, biddon iu a littlo off-room, attacked tho ovorturo to Blacauio.llo. Pcoplo had jutaS enough timo to look about thom boforo tho lightu wont down- tho women surveying ono duothor'u drouiA», tho mon looking about for people they know. Mrs. Ciuq mara behold hoi* audionco through a bolo in tho cur- tain, whioh Major Boldiug bad modo with his penknife for her convonionco, und WOB satisfied. ' They look wry well, don't they?" oho .'Hiked. " You'd hardly thin fc they ww not tho rail thing not hall-iniirkcd-only <dootio-p1atnd." Mrn. Ohovonix occupied hor l au toidi in a cool mid somewhat juvenile orwtuinu of pulo gray silk mid ¡ii'cophauc, with ¡1 pink ribbon, and II. blondo Mario Stuart oap surmounted with pink marabouts, pink marabouts edging lier fan, pink swan's-down on ber gloves. Her own dress was now and bad cost money, but tho cost thereof was as nothing compared with the expense of Elizabeth's satin tram and point-laco flonnced petticoat, and tho flaxen wig which waa to make lier look like one of the Lely beauties in King William's bed-chamber at Hampton Court. Yet au this expenditure had tho devoted aunt borne without grumbling, or only an occasional faint and plaintive sigh. If there was sufficient recompense for this outlay in Elizabeth's triumph, Mrs. Chevenix received such ve componso without stint. From tho first moment to thc last of that performance the girl was triumphant, resplendent with beauty and genius, giving her whole heart and soul to the magic of the stage, Hving, breath- ing, thinking, as Peg Woftington. The mediocrity of her fellow- actors mattered nothing to her ; they spoke thc words thoy had to spoak, so that no hitch arose in tlie stage business, and that was all she needed to sus- tain the illusion of the scene. There was passion enough and force enough in her own soul to have animated a theatre ; there was an electricity as subtle as the electricity in the overcharged atmosphere, a magnetic force that inspired and excited, instead of depress- ing. . Mrs. C'hiqraars revelled in tho sentimentalities of Mabel Vane ; rolled her large eyes and flung about her superb hair-she would wear no wig to conceal that natural abundance-to her heart's content, and made a graceful little heroine of the whimpering and whining school. But Elizabeth was the very creature ono could fancy Margaret AVolfington in her prime-tho generous, reckless, audacious beauty, proud of her power over the hearts of men, brimming over with lifo and genius, but with unfathomable depths of tenderness lurking beneath that brilliant surface. Tyburnia and Eoclcstonia, and all thc men about town who formed thc staple of Mr. and Mrs. Cinqmars's set, applauded with a unanimity that for onco in a. way came from the heart. They felt that this was verily dramatic art, hardly thc less finished because it was thc fruit of only a fortnight's study. Tho actress had picked up the technicalities of her part during those studious nights in the theatre, inspiration and a fresh and ardent love of heart had done tho rest, and the im- personation was as perfect as any amateur performance can possibly be, with all thc added charm of freshness and sincerity which can hardly accompany tho pro- found experience of professional training. An actress who had trodden thc beaten ground of thc drama,fmorc or less like a horse in a mill, could surely novcr fling herself with such passionate feeling into one part as this girl, to whom the magic of tho stage was new. Mr. Ciiiqniars quavered and sniffed and snivelled in the character of Triplet with an abject senility which would have been senile in a great-grandfather of ninety, but copied tho stage business with some dexterity, and won his share of applause. Lord Paulyn and Major Holding were dressed superbly, and managed to get through their work with credit to themselves and tho stage manageress ; and as coffee and Neapolitan ices were lavishly administered between the acts, without any toll being exacted thereupon for thc 'widows, the aristocracy of commerce in the two-guinea fauteuils were inclined to think they had received fair value for their money. As for the herd of young men who' blocked the back of the auditorium, where there was little more than standing-i'oom, they wore simply in ecstasies. The girl's beaut}' and genius together tired their souls. They protested vehemently that she ought to go on, the stage, that she would take tho town by storm, and much moro to the same effect, forgetting that this flame which burned so brilliantly to-night might be only a meteoric light, and that although a clever young woman, with an ardent nature, may for once in her lifo fling herself heart and soul into a stage play, and by a kind of inspiration dispense with thia comprehension and experience that can only come from professional training, it is no reason she should bo able to repeat her triumph, and to go on repeating it ad libitum. Never again in Elizabeth Luttrell's existence was she to live the delicious life of the stage, to lose the sense of her personality in the playwright's creation, to act and think and be glad and sony with an imagin- ary creature, the centre of an imaginary world. Among thc crowd of white neck-ties and swallow tailed coats at the end of the room, there was one gentleman who stood noar the door, with his baok against thc wall, a tall immovable figure, and who | Hocmed to know nobody. Ho was taller by half a hoad than tho majority of thc men standing in tho crowded space behind the last row of scats, and bc was able to survey the stage across thc carefully parted hair of the gentleman in front of him. This gentleman had a good deal to say about Elizabeth Luttrell, to which tho stranger listened intently, with a somewhat moody countenance. " Yes," said the fopling to his friend, in the interval between tho second and third acts-thc stranger had only entered the room toward the close of tho second "yes, it's a great match for her, of course : only a country parson's daughter, without a sixpence, except any thing she may get from her aunt, Mrs. Chevenix, thc widow of a man who was a bishoi>, or a judge, or something-" " Is it a settled thing?" asked thc other. " Of course it is. "Wliy, they go every whore together I was introduced to her at tho Derby : ho drove her down in his drag, with Mrs. Cinqmars to play Proprioty, on the obscwrum faceré per obscurius principle, I sup- lióse. And you'll (ind him herc continually, dancing attendance upon Miss Luttrell, and spooning to an extent that is humiliating to ono's sense of manhood." " I didn't think that was in Paulyn'slino ; I thought ho went in for race- horses and prize yachts, and that kind of tiling." "Yes; there's the rub. This is his first appearance in thc character of a love-sick swain ; and like a patient who takes thc measles late in life, bc exhibits thc disenso in its most aggravated form." ' " There's not much in him at tho best of times," said tlio other, with tile air of aman whose own intellectual gifts wero of tho highest order, and who therefore sur- veyed mankind from an altitude. "Do you think sho likes him ?" "Do I think HIIO is in full possession of hor senses?" answered his fiiuml, laughing; "and that being HO, ulm would not bo likely to turn up her none at Hitoh a position un lie cnn give lier, Thoro's hardly a richer mun than Paulyn about town-bar tho Marquis of Sv'cntminnter. Tho loyo of monoy in a hereditary vice iii IUD family, and his ancestors have scraped and hoarded from goneratioa to generation. . Ho io ono of tho few gentlemen, who contrive to make monoy on tho turf. Tho book'inon hato him like poison. Ho's a lamb they tcldoin have tho privilege of ckinrúng. Thoro icn't a,dooper card out; and I can't aay I envy that lovely girl" tho lifo DIIO'B likely to load with him when fiho'u lim own property and ho gotu tired of tipooaing. Hut, for all that, 1 don't bolicvo tkuro'u a. girl in Lon- don would havorcfuuedhira." Pleasant intelligence this for tho tall stranger, whoso numo was Mulcolrn Fordo. 