NEWS BY THE MAIL. A singular accident has happened to Sir Greville Smyth. He went into the stable to see a favourite horse. He generally takes with him a lump or two of sugar, which he gives to the horse, but on this occasion he forgot the sugar, and while caress- ing the horse, the animal, probably angered at not getting his usual sweet morsel, suddenly turned on the baronet, seized him by the throat, and severely tore the flesh. The laceration was considerable, but no serious results are apprehended. Professor Anderson, the Wizard of the North, is dead. He died on February 3rd. Many of you will remember the furore and surprise which his celebrated gun trick created. He was a genial, good-tempered sort of follow, and always spoke in high terms of his reception in Australia. He has been the round of the world with his " tricks " and his "gibes," and he has been heard to say that in no country did he receive a warmer or more cordial welcome than in Australia. I have seen him flourishing the stock whip which he obtained out there, to the surprise of his theatrical friends, who declared that Rob Roy could not have procured a better " property " whip if he had searched the world over. How he used to make it " crack !" He had retired from public life, and was living at Darlington at the time of his decease He was 60 years of age. Mr. A. W. Chase communicates to Silliman's Journal an account of a very singular incident. Air. Board, the agent of the Californian Petroleum Company, had constructed a wharf at Port Hueneme and wanting a supply of water, sunk an artesian well in the sea-beach, not live feet from high-water mark. At a depth of 143 feet a strong flow of water was obtained, spouting up to a height of about thirty feet, One day thousands of small fish were observed in the water thrown out, and on examination they proved to be young trout, all about two inches long. It seems difficult to account for the presence of these fish in the water, the nearest stream being several miles distant. The temperature of the water was about 64 F., which would be too high to allow it to be the regular residence of the trout. THE I FAMINE IN INDIA. The Overland Mail (Calcutta) of 27th February, has the following The latest reports on the famine show that 213 000 persons are employed on relief works, and that that number was likely rapidly to increase. Government and private rice was being rapidly conveyed to the interior, as the transport arrangements were getting better organised. The accounts of the winter crops still continue good, and prices have fallen in many districts. in the Eastern districts of the North-Western Provinces prospects have much improved, and the people were rapidly leaving the relief works. The crops in OudU were doing well, and large exporta- tions going on, and from the Punjaub and Central Provinces the reports continue very satisfactory. The amount subscribed to the Famine Relief Fund in Calcutta, including £20,000 from England, amounted on Wednesday last, to Rs. 527,130. Funds have also been raised in Bombay, Lahore, Allahabad Madras, Rangoon, and many smaller towns; RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. A most disastrous accident happened on the 27th January on the North British Railway at Manuel Junction, near Linlithgow, on the Edinburgh and Glasgow line, about twenty miles from Edinburgh. Fifteen persons, including the engine driver, lost their lives, and twelve or i thirteen others sustained injuries more or less severe. The circumstances are briefly as follows: Two passenger trains start from Edinburgh daily at 650 and 0 35 a.m. respectively in continuation of the London express, which reaches Edinburgh at (3 5 a m. The former is destined for Glasgow, the latter for the north of Scotland via Larbert and Perth. Both trains departed from Edinburgh this morning about their proper time. At Manuel Junction a branch railway from BonesB joins the mail line on the north side of it. A mineral train arrived at this junction shortly before the main line trains were due to pass, and had occasion to cross the line to deposit a number of mineral waggons in the sidings, which He to the south side of the railway. The Mineral train waited on the branchrnilway for the purpose of allowing the passenger train to pass, and the moment the Glasgow train had passed, the men in charge of the mineral train brought it out upon the main line, possibly mistaking the Glasgow for the north train, which shortly afterwards came up, and with great violence ran into the mineral waggons. The crash which took place was fearful. The tender of the express, which was in front of the locomotive itself, and the mineral truck with which it came immediately in contact, were driven upward with such terrific force as to carry away a large mass of the crown of the bridge. The locomotive was literally buried in mineral debris. A horse- box, which was next, was smashed to atoms, and two fine horses which it contained were instantly killed. The first of the passenger carriages was a third class, and it unfortunately happened to be full of passengers. It was literally reduced to splinters, and as may be imagined, the fate of its luckless occupants was terrible. Almost all of them were killed or injured. The next was a composite, which fared sadly, both ends being driven in and a portion of one side carried completely away. The third carriage, a first class, had portions of both ends shattered, the sides were bulged, and the ghost of the windows broken out by the shock. None of the other carriages of the train were materially injured. The cause of the accident, There appears to be no doubt, was that the unfortunate driver Allan failed to see, or disregarded, the signals which, both at Boness Junction and at Manuel, a quarter of a mile further east, stood at danger. In The Times of the 7th instant the following telegrams are published : WEST DRAYTON, Feb. fith, 0 p.m. This afternoon a disastrous collision occurred near the West Drayton station of the Great Western Railway. The up Exeter express train, which left that town at 1928 a.m. and Swindon at 118 p.m., reached West Drayton Junction about half-past 2 o'clock. The train, which was s broad-gauge one, consisted of an engine, six carriages, and a van, and conveyed about 100 first and second class passengers, and at tho time of the catastrophe was travelling at the rate of 60 miles an hour, a dense fog prevailing. A few minutes before the express train came up, the up Bristol goods train was preparing to start, at the West Drayton siding. It was still upon the up main line, when the express came into collision with it with fearful violence, crushing several of the vans of the goods train and destroying the engine of the Exeter express. Hoskins, the guard of the latter train, was killed. Fortunately, although the shock, as may be imagined, was most severe, none of the passengers were killed. Mr. H. Kirtloy, the superintendent of the locomotive department, happened to be travelling in the express, and as soon as the train stopped jumped out and ran to the engine, where the steam was i rising fast in the boiler, Sutton, the engine driver, having just had time to turn of the steam before the collision, which throw him and his fireman from the locomotive. Mr. Kirtloy slacked the cover off to let the steam escape, and then ran forward to stop the down 1.30 p.m. train which was due at West Drayton at that moment. Mr. Kirtloy then ran to the engine of the goods train. There was just time to jump on to the locomotive and blow the whistle, when the down train rushed by and came in collision with the wrecked vans of the Bristol goods train. The engine of the down train was left hanging near a bank, down which one or two of the carriages were precipitated, but remained in an upright position. Ten of the carriages remained on the line, and out of these the passengers were assisted. None were seriously hurt, and all could walk. Mr. Kirtloy went on Southall with the goods engine for medical assistance and to stop the 2.30 p.m down train, and then returned with a surgeon to the scene of the collision. Previously to this he telegraphed from Southall to Mr. Gregson, the general manager, and Mr. Tyrrell, the superintendent of the line, and they with Mr. Alfred Higgins left Paddington at once and repaired to West Drayton with the brake down vans, hydraulic rams and about 30 men. All traffic was stopped from Paddington at the same time and from Slough, as both up and down lines were blocked. Mr. Hart, the station master at Slough, also sent a number of men to West Drayton to assist in clearing the line, a work of immense difficulty, owing to the thickness of the fog, which concealed objects even at a few yards. Dalton, the driver of the Button Express, states that the signals showed a clear line, and that he did not see the end of the goods train until he was close upon it, when, of course, it was too late. At present it is impossible to say where the fault lies. The body of Hoskins was removed to a small house near the side of the line. At twenty minutes to 10 the line still remained blocked, and the passengers had, on reaching the spot, to be transferred from one train to another. It was hoped that the line might be cleared by midnight. 1 a.m. Messrs. Grierson, Tyrrell, Kirtloy, and other officials are still hard at work with a large stall' clearing the line, which is so blocked that trains can only run to each side of the spot where the accident occurred. A fire made from the broken carriages lights up the surrounding fog. The passengers, as the trains arrive, get out and walk through the rubbish, lighted by the fires, to the train on the opposite side. Great exertions are being made by the Great Western officials to clear the line, but this cannot be effected till the morning at the earliest. All the traffic is delayed. According to the Pall Mall Budget two or three more railway accidents are reported. On Saturday evening, on the Brecon and Merthyr Railway, the market train ran off the line near the Crown Inn, Cwmsyflog, and the engine rushed down an embankment about fifty feet above the river, taking one carriage with it, which was smashed into matchwood. Forth nrtoly the engine coupling broke, and thus the lives of many passengers were saved. Several persons, however, were very severely injured. On Tuesday morning there was another serious collision at Stafford. Shortly before 2 a.m., the up Irish night mail, due in London about 5 a.m., ran into the Liverpool mail, due in Birmingham at 2 30. The guard of the Liverpool train was hurt, but not seriously. Much delay of traffic occurred. On Wednesday night a passenger train from Birmingham for Walsall was approaching Vauxhall Station, about a mile and a half from the New-street departure platform, when a goods engine suddenly came out from a siding in front of the train upon the same line of rails, and a collision ensued, in which both engines were smashed. Fifteen persons, chiefly season- ticket holders from the neighbourhood of Darlaston and Walsall, were severely cut and bruised about the head and legs, and many others were shaken and stunned. The cause of the collision is said to be at present a mystery." FIRES. The Pantechnicon, in Motcomb-streot, Bel grave square, a large building occupying about two acres of ground, and used as a repository for furniture and all kinds of goods, was destroyed by fire on Friday, the 13th February, together with its valuable contents. The fire broke out about 4.30 p.m., and spread so rapidly that in a very short time all hope was lost of saving any large proportion of the property. The fire was visible for many miles round, and it required a large staff of police to keep back the crowd that quickly assembled. Detach- ments of Life Guards and Foot Guards assisted the police in preserving order and in rescuing some of the property. The Count and Countess of Paris drove over from Claridge's Hotel to the French Embassy, Albert-gate House, and watched the progress of the fire from the top of the house. The Duke of Cambridge was at an early hour one of the spectators, and Captain Shaw in his direction of affairs was aided by Colonel Hogg, M.P., chairman of the Board of Works. It was not until Tuesday that any attempt could be made to clear away the ruins, and this work will, it is expected, take a fortnight or three weeks at least. The building at the time of the fire was filled with goods more or less valuable, belonging to hundreds of owners, including many members of both Houses of Parliament, so that had it happened three weeks hence the fire would not have been in all likelihood half so disastrous, as by that time much of the furniture would have been removed. Sir Richard Wallace loses a valuable library, a large quantity of plate, a collection of ancient armour, and a few pictures, though none of any great importance. Sir Richard is insured for £28,000, but he estimates the value of his property deposited in the Pantechnicon at, at least, five times that amount. It is believed, however, that much of it will be recovered intact Mr. Walter Cave, a member of the banking firm of Messrs. Prescott, Grote, and Co., has lost property worth £20,000, but he is, it is said, insured. Lord Cadogan, is also a large loser. Some pictures in the building belonging to Mr. Wynn Ellis were worth £200,000 and Sir Seymour Fitzgerald, M.P. had pictures in the repository valued at £200,000, many being portraits painted by Sir Joshua Reynolds, The building alone cost £200,000, but the proprietors are only insured for about a tenth of the amount. Many of the insurance offices will be heavy losers by the fire the Sun Office to the extent of £60,0, and the Law Fire Office of £18,050, the latter amount including a claim of £14.000 for a collection of pictures belonging to Sir Frederick Sykes. The origin of the fire is unknown. On Saturday afternoon, Sidney Scott, a boy aged sixteen, the son of Mr. Scott, a collar-maker, in King William-street, Strand, and who was acting as an amateur fireman, was killed by the sudden fall of a portion of a wall forming part of the ruin. An inquest on the body was opened on Tuesday, and adjourned in order that an investigation might be made by Captain Shaw and the other authorities of the fire brigade, with a view to ascertain, if possible, the cause of the fire. On Sunday morning two lives were lost at a fire at the shop of a seller of fried fish, in Carnoby-streot, Marlborough-street, Golden square. A policeman first discovered the fire between 4 and 5 a.m. The people in the house, on being awakened, tried to escape by the stair- case, but being driven back by the flames they rushed to the windows, and a young woman named Love jumped from the third floor and was killed on the spot. Several other persons jumped from the windows, and were picked up severely injured. When the ruins were cooled, the fireman discovered the body of a man named Chinglis, aged forty years, burnt to death. THE MEANING OF THE ELECTIONS. I [From The Time.] A The General Election now almost completed has turned entirely upon the question of confidence in the expiring Administration, and the result has shown that faith has been converted into distrust, if not into positive dislike. Upon Mr. Gladstone himself must be fastened some share of the change that has occurred, but more of it is probably due to the defects of those who associated with himself as his chief colleagues. The Collier and the Ewolmo scandals alienated many Englishmen are slow to understand how statesmen can play fast andloosowiththelanguago of the statutes, and the shock in the country these transactions occasioned was out of all proportion to the effect they produced in Parliament. Yet these were incidents of secondary importance. Mr. Lowe contrived to free himself piecemeal of all the hesitating confidence with which he was regarded when the Ministry began its career. He had signalized himself in the last Parliament by his opposition to democratic changes, and by the vehemence with which he attempted to protect the opinions of minorities. These proposals were attacked in the new House, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer was always conspicuously absent when he should have been in his place to defend them. No one was more energetic than he had been in protesting against legislative interference with the economic relations of landlords and tenants in Ireland, but when the moment came to defend his opinions, or to explain their errors, be shocked a not too scrupulous House of Commons by throwing them overboard as lumber that had never had any value. To maintain an equable pressure of taxation was believed to be another firmly settled article of his creed, but this was, in its turn, as lightly abandoned as the rest. No amount of intellect tual ability can suffice to retain popular could done in a Minister who renounces with cynical calmness every opinion for which he had been distinguished. It is needless to go through the list of Mr. Gladstone's colleagues. The popular sense of the want of strength in the Ministry culminated during the negotiations with the United States in respect of the Alabama. Few might be able to point to the special step that was wrong, or to the moment when something was left unsaid or undone that ought to have been ventured upon ; but all were mortified with the consciousness that we had fallen short of what was due to our historic position and our existing power. In a word the character of the Ministry was gone, and the last attempt to recover authority by wholesale promises reduce taxation failed to amend the position of the Ministry, because it was felt that to realize those premises was inconsistent with maintaining the equable pressure of taxation and the reduction of debt the leading principles of the Ministry's financial policy. The disasters which have befallen the Government at the polls are the outward expression of the fact that men no longer trust them and there is some truth in Mr. Disraeli's statement that Ministers are beaten, not because the people desire to see their opponents come into office, but because they desire to see them driven from power. A Conservative Ministry must succeed, because the choice before the country lay between the two ; but since the Conservatives will come in simply because Liberals are dis- credited, it is plain that their own tenure of office will depend upon their own conduct. They may contrive to grow in con (Moree and support, or they may dissipate in a singularly short space of time the advantage they at present possess. [From the PYM Mall Gazette.] There is no reasonable doubt that the chief and most permanent source of English Conservatism is the Church of England. In spite of follies within and dangers ahead, the Established Church is still the greatest institution of the country. We have several times, and long before the present elections, admitted that much of the political influence of the Church of England has been has fairly as it has been laboriously won. The Churchmen gave their practical energies to popular education when the Dissenters were only talking and theorising about it, and now they are reaping their advantage. One chief focus of local Conservatism is always the church school ; the workmen trained in it are usually aristocracy or their class, and they adhere to the religious body under whose shadow they were educated with the same sort and degree of tenacity with which A Dissenter clings to his sect. There is, moreover, the strongest reason for believing that the Church of England has, if not the enthusiastic; attachment, the decided preference of the great majority of Englishmen. This is the very fact which the Dissenters strove so hard to keep out of sight when, during the discussions on the Census Act, they professed a more than Jewish repugnance to the numbering of religious bodies, No. collective act of a sectarian interest was ever more discreditable to it, and none has brought a heavier retribution. At the bottom of the Birmingham platform, now a very proverb of unpopularity at the bottom of the Non conformist disaffection which has helped to so many Liberal defeats-is a false impression of strength traceable to the silence of the census returns on one of the most important points of national statistics. So clear, in fact, has it become that the Dissenters, as a political organization, have been greatly overrated numerically, that it really becomes a question for the Liberal party how far it is worth its while to take colour with the sects in their attacks on the Established Church. Such a policy has the obvious effect of consolidating the various parties combined within the Church, and closes against Liberal politicians some of the most promising fields of notion-those presented by the host of questions which are growing up between clergy and laity, and of which several are fully ripe for decision and settlement. [From the Spectator.'] That the extension of household suffrage to the counties would extraordinarily change the balance of parties we do not doubt. Even now it it obvious that it is just in those counties were the present county Btifferage does not exclude the labourers namely, the mining counties-that the Liberal party keeps and even extends its hold. But so far as the ordinary artisans of the towns and their suburbs go, it seems quite certain that Mr. Disraeli is right in supposing that the Tory party has now probably as much reason to count on their support as the Liberal. It is only those who still need, or think they need, legislative protection, like the colliers and the agricultural labourers, who set their faces steadily against the Tories. In other quarters, existence of a Tory democracy, variable no doubt in numbers and earnestness, but still disposed at times to quarrel with Liberal ideas, seems certain. But the constituent elements of the Tory democracy are certainly very motley. No one who considers either the great city or the county elections and their results, especially the elections in suburban counties, can doubt that the fear of Unionism, both in the trades and amongst the farmers, is probably the largest element in this new Tory revival. The only two leaders of Unionism elected are miners, who live in the centre of a thick mining population, namely, in Stafford and Morpeth, and it is remarkable that an able man like Mr. Howell, who is known as a leader of the labour movement, has to go to a place like Ayles- bury even to get a chance of election. In the ordinary cities and towns, where, if the distributive classes do not outnumber the purely productive, the latter must clearly be divided amongst themselves, the Unionist party can muster no real strength. No doubt the jealousies felt by the Unionists among themselves me very great, and probably the Ballot aids the expression of these jealousies. Many a good Unionist must have voted for the Conservative party during this election, partly, perhaps, from feeling that the Unions themselves were quite powerful enough without getting any increased influence in the Legislature that he wished the Unions to be controlled by the State, and not to control it. We do not suppose this to be the feeling at all of the new and struggling Unions-of the Agricultural Unions, for example but those have no power as yet in the elections. That jealousy of the leading Unionists is strongly felt of you in some of the mining districts, the extraordinary defeat of Mr. Halliday, one of the ablest leaders of these men, in the contest at Merthyr Tydvil, where he polled 2000 votes less than the Liberal candidate next above him, sufficiently shows. Wo ascribe much of the Conservatism of the counties and the great cities to dislike of Unionism, agricultural and manufacturing. Next, a great deal of the Conservative feeling has been due to the threats of the Birmingham League, and the fear of the Moderate Liberals that the Birmingham element in the Liberal Cabinet might easily become too strong. We should not be surprised if this feeling has been so defined that Mr. Bright's accession to Cabinet may have done more to turn the elections against the Government than in their favour. There can be no doubt, as the School Board Elections have shown in all parts of the country, Birmingham perhaps alone excepted, that the English people have no fancy at all for secular education, and that the prospect of leaving the religious teaching of the children to strictly denominational agencies, and refusing the ordinary teachers any right to enter into the domain of religion, has been an exceedingly unpleasant one to the mass of the people. Mr Foster has taken the line which the great mass of the people, both Liberal and Conservative, have approved, but it was felt that Mr Foster's position was an insecure one with so disunited a party behind him, and one or two colleagues at his side earnestly disagreeing with him. And that, we believe, has had a great deal to do with the reaction. It was thought that an interval of Conservative goverment would bring more new strength to Mr Foster's policy than a renewed lease of power to himself and his colleagues. But above and beyond both those very considerable causes of Conservative fear, there has no doubt been a very prevalent feeling on the part of the non- political or half-political classes, well expressed in a letter to The Times, that the extreme section of the Liberal party had had quite enough influence lately,- a beneficial influence, on the whole, but enough of it, and that its predominance might become a danger. Mr. Gladstone had inclined something too much of late to that side of the party. Tory obstructiveness bad, if not passed away, yet received so. grave a lesson, that it might be trusted. for a time to try again, and see if it could govern moderately without preventing beneficial change. Mr. Disraeli had been guilty of much that was questionable when governing with a minority, but with a minority he might improve and give the country an interval of rest. On those grounds," says this roprosentatative of moderate policy, " many electors who might not have voted at all thought the time had come for them to express an opinion, which they did by supporting the Conservative candidates. There was no personal feeling against the Government. Its measures had not " harrassed," or even affected them, and the secrecy of the Ballot (to which the change of opinion has been partly ascribed) did not in any way influence them." in short, the non-political or half political classes had had enough drastic Liberalism, and thought the best way to got a little quiet want to give the Conservatives a turn. And the prevailing prosperity has had a great deal to do with that feeling. Prosperity is a political opiate of. Those who feel it are not inclined to make stupendous offers for any cause. The mere appearance of great zeal and earnestness is a little offensive to them. Mr. Gladstone and his Ministers, and still more the most active of the spirits behind Mr Gladstone and his Ministers, were too much inclined to " cry aloud and spare not," for the temper of the day. The electors would have liked a little supineness, or as they put it to themselves, " moderation," better. They wanted a ministry without zeal, without great earnestness, without a strong sense of duty. And they will get what they wished, and perhaps team, after they have enjoyed it for a little time, to value zeal, and earnestness, and strenuousness more than before. THE G me AT HER KUI r. s for Consumption, Wasting, and Indigestion, are Savory and Moore's Pauoreatio Hinulaion and l'uncrcatina. Medical man who have made it a special study testify that life is prolonged in a remarkable manner, appetite, strength, and weight increased, digestion greatly promoted, nourishment imparted, and the general condition of the body improved, by their use. Price from 2s. to 21s. Savory and Moore (Chemists to the Queen, FUJI. the Prince of Wales, His Highness the Khedive of Egypt, to ), W3, Kow Bond Street, London, and all chemists Note Name and trade mark on each IstUo. 8-0-7e 