THE SPIRITISTS OUTDONE. The London correspondent of the Bir mingham Post writes:-'"If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Cryst?l .Palace at Sydenham. There are two mediums there, Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke, who have great qualifications for as tounding them. .They greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They make tables dance; walking sticks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favour tea of the spirits,; a lady floats in the air-not in the dark seane', but in theopen daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holdt ing eacnother's hands like so many idiots, but with powerful opera glasses in their han-is, are invited on the stage, and sit there during the performance-' manifestations' I ought to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated so that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredulous auditors are permitted on the stage, who can watch behind it. The floor below is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a trap-door impossible, and there are no possible means by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without observation; yet'a man enters the box, his legs are locked in heavy wooden stocks; when the door is opened the man is gone and no one can conceive in what way he has disappeared. He returns to his box in the garb of a gorilla, manifesting San ianic proclivities. He succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher, are gone when the door is again opened; and although a 'dis= tinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and sus picious gentleman from the body of the meeting, yet neither could discover how the. disappearances came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether both ate each other, no one was able to say or to suggest in what po' sible manner they could have disappeared. .The Maskelene and Cook spirits will excel all others that have ever trsubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabi net. They were like spirits Who had lost their legs, they never could get :away. But these:spirlts disappear with velocity. For a long timethe Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the better of the world, but now tbhe children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Masktelene and Mr, Cook play Spiritist pranks which no Cock.lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees in wonder and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Mase kelene and Cooke would have been fire and foggott." 