COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. (From Sydney Town and Country Journal.) THE YOUNG BUSHRANGER. "On business in the country, with leave of absence for a month." I was when this occurred second clerk to the firm of Duthorpe and Co., solicitors, Sydney ; and the business which was taking me from home could not be done without a personal visit. Its nature is of little con- sequence to this "ower (sic) true tale." Armidale was my destination, and a long wearisome ride was before me. Rail com- munication was then unknown, in fact in those days the sole means of transit was by the mail, an open vehicle carrying a guard and eight passengers. A line morning in summer therefore be held me and six others boxed up in this unnatural conveyance. Where they were all bound for, heaven knows; for more than half the journey was over ere the ice of commonplaceness was sufficiently broken to permit us to converse with freedom, of our plans and intentions. We had but one lady passenger, and for this, room being an object, we were thank- ful. Had there been more, the journey would have been doubly unpleasant ; as the "sex" on this occasion rendered her- self highly disagreeable and annoying. Yet things went on very quietly till a wayside inn, bearing the somewhat appropriate sign of "The Traveller's Rest," was reached ! "We changes horses here !" said Jehu, "any of you gents as likes can dine. Old Rooster allus has a good spread ready." The spread as it was termed was a long time coming, but at length it appeared. The entrance fee thereto was two-and-six, pay- able in advance. Hot-boiled, hot-roast, hot- baked, and stewed; all steaming hot. During the ride I had made friends with a stout jolly-looking individual, bound for the Rocky River. "Come on," said he, dragging me to the table as soon as the fixings had been put on. Paid, aint yer? Well, don't hesitate, but set to at once: never mind knife or fork. Ham, did you gay, or chicken ! perhaps you'll try this roast, or a bit of this baked veal; it looks good ——." "Coach is at the door," shouted the ostler poking in his head. "Right ! all right !"' said I with my mouth too full of ham, beef, and vegetables to articulate plainly. "Cut and come again," interrupted the fat gent, "don't be ashamed of it. I aint ; pass the sauce ! Hoy, you waiter, bring me a bottle of sherry quick ——." "Coach is waiting, sir !'' said the waiter, entering with the wine. "Coach be —— ; don't you see we've only just sat down. Who can eat in this hurry, eh waiter; it's an old game with your master, I know, but he musn't play tricks on travellers." "Time's up, gents," interposed Jehu, looking in. "Sorry to disturb you, but we're off." He had no sooner left the room, followed by most of the unsatisfied fellows who had paid for a dinner, than my friend turning to me, said— "Going to start, ain't we, at once ! Well, as I've been carving it's only fair I should get paid. See here ! Collar that ham. Got no cloth; shove it in your hat. I'll take this pork pie and tongue. Now, ready we are." So saying we both rushed from the room, and gained our places just as the guard's horn gave the signal for starting; a moment more and we should have been too late. What a "blow out"' we had to be sure in that coach ; how we enjoyed the viands Providence had so bounteously provided, as leisurely proceeding time was afforded for mastication and digestion. This anecdote is recommended to travel- lers, no matter on what line they travel. The art of being "even" with landlords at wayside inns is surely worth learning, though it be from a new chum. This adventure puts us all in a good humor, and conversation on various subjects was introduced, the principal topics being horse-racing and sheep- breeding. Every body had some "horsey*' anecdote to re- late, and the talk grew "fast and furious," till the speakers paused down right with fatigue. Night found us in a somewhat lonely part, on a very bad and steep road, crawl- ing along over Warland's Range at snail's pace. Really it seemed as if we were going to have a break down, for the wheels every now and then passed over logs and stumps. "Hullo ! Stop !' shouted a rough voice within a few paces of us. "Bail up! or we'll blow your brains out." Her Majesty's Royal Mial suddenly came to a dead stop, and by the straggling light of its lamps we perceived two men on horseback. They appeared well armed, and repeatedly pointed their pistols at some of our number, as if to enforce compliance with their peremptory orders. "Here!'' said they "all you fellows get out at once, and march into the bush. By the mortial, if you don't, we'll soon let day- light through you. Come, hand over the valuables." Sex, as represented by the unprotected female before referred to, was in "sterricks;" convenient things, no doubt, when a person is forced to use them. The lady was un- molested by the robbers, that is to say, they did not order her out of the coach after taking her goods and chattels, a few rings, two sovereigns, and a locket, with "dear George's" hair in it, were all the plunder obtained from her; the rest of us had on our persons considerable sums, which fell into the hands of the bushrangers. All parties having been searched the mail bags were cut open and letters abstracted. Some of these were, torn up, in a vain en- deavor to find cheques or money. All being at length settled to the satisfaction of the robbers, they gave us a volley of curses and departed. It was my first "bialling-up,'' and is a reminiscence that will not be speedily for- gotton. All my cash, as well as a gold watch, a present from my employers, were taken. On the first appearance of the bush- rangers I had "planted my money in my boot," but the villains were far too knowing for me, and I was compelled to turn out my treasures or receive a few ounces of lead. While searching me, however, I had a full view of the countenances of the robbers, and felt certain of recognising them again if needed. One was quite a young man, beard- less, and of light complexion; he had a somewhat cheerful countenance, which con- trasted strangely with his mate's sombre visage : a visage whose lineaments bore the stamp of crime. To tell the truth I felt greatly relieved when they were gone, and so doubtless did the rest of the passengers. Preparations were instantly made for re- suming the journey, and ere long we were jogging along as if nothing had happened, Bailing-up was so ordinary an occurrence, that everybody took the matter in good part, and tried to forget their losses. The circumstances having been reported to the police at Murrurundi, we had the satisfaction of seeing them depart in search of the offenders ; one of these they cap- tured, but the young man, his mate, un- luckily escaped. I reached Armidale without further dis- aster, transacted my business, and sent particulars of my success to my employers. Quite a pleasant time was that I spent in New England, and I left it with feelings of regret. I had just the same journey to take as before, but warned by past ex- perience, provided myself with a pistol, de- termined to resist any marauder who might dare contest the right of way. No such event, however, happened, and the scene of our former mishap was passed in daylight. I was the only passenger in the coach, and to the driver, a new person- age, I recounted full particulars of "my adventure." On reaching Sydney, I was alarmed to hear that the firm of Duthorpe and Co. were in difficulties, and that they had been com- pelled to make reductions in their clerical staff. Biglie, their head clerk, had been discharged, so what might not I expect. Two days after my return, Mr. Duthorpe called me into, his private room, and stated that the firm had no further need of my services. They couldn't help, you know, as matters looked so queer with them. What to try next, I hardly knew, for as to personal or family influence I possessed little in Sydney. Really I didn't know which way to turn, and having nothing to do spent all my money. At last I made up my mind; I was a long while doing it, but eventually seeing no prospect of employment in Sydney, re- solved to try the country. Not that I am much shook after the country, or that the bush had superlative charms for me. Necessity has no law, and if one place won't do, a fellow must try another. Again I had a long journey, and this time on foot. The Lachlan is fully 260 miles off, and that was the first spot which offered any inducement for my stay. Mr. McKnight, a gentleman of the old school, possessing many good qualities and vices, became my employer. He owned a station near Bland Plains. Having a young and somewhat numerous family, he desired to procure a teacher for them, and although I had never filled a similar position he was so pleased with my address and qualifica- tions, as to engage me for the business of tuition. Among those employed by Mr. McKnight was Tom Hogan, a stockman. He was a young man, who had little to say, unless in connection with his favorite theme, "cattle- hunting." He was evidently a privileged individual, whose right "to do as he pleased" was not disputed. Did the master require a beast brought in from the hush, if it was Tom's desire to perform the task, it was done at once; if not, there was an end of it. "But," said Mr. McKnight to me, on hearing a remark I made relative to such conduct, "the poor young fellow is like a child, wayward and self-willed. We never oppose him; he's been with us now on and off ten years, and a better lad I never had till lately. Some time ago he went home to see his friends, at the Nepean. They've a farm there; the old man rents it from me, and a very worthy fellow he is too, quite a specimen of the honest-hearted Hibernian. Tom is their eldest son; he's a native, and what's more he's proud of it. I often chaff him about it, for he has large notions, 'about his country' as he calls this." There was something in this young fellow I did not like; sometimes it seemed to me as though we'd met before; where, I couldn't tell, yet the more I thought of it the clearer it appeared that his voice and face were familiar. Often and often I had retired for the night, past events and cir- cumstances would come up in memory; events wherein he might have figured; and still I was at fault. One evening after the arrival of the mail, I was sitting perusing an account of the "sticking-up" of three travellers by a bushranger's gang, and remarked concerning the circumstance to Tom Hogan. Handing him the paper containing the exciting para- graph, he read it through, and then said in a somewhat gleeful tone: "But they've not taken the bushrangers !" Suddenly, the information I so much de- sired, flashed upon me; aye, I understood it all well enough; Tom Hogan was the young man, companion of the robber, who had "stuck-up" the mail on the occasion of my journey to Armidale. But I kept my counsel, for fear of offend- ing my kind employer, and his too- confident wife. It could make little difference to me as to the character of one in whom they re- posed such trust. News reached us daily of deeds done by bushrangers, of homesteads pillaged, travel- ler's robbed, and mails detained. Proof, however, was wanting to convict Hogan of any connection with these outrages; and my bare word in a court of justice would avail but little against him. Suspicion, however, would not be lulled to rest, and I resolved to watch an individual so sus- pected. I believed that he frequently left the station to visit the outlaws ; and as these gentlemen had been seen in the vicinity, it was highly probable he might communicate with them. On one occasion having risen somewhat earlier than usual, I perceived him coming home, his horse jaded and covered with foam, as though it had been ridden hard for some distance. "I've been cattle-hunting, new chum," said he, in reply to my inquiries, "and had to push my 'critter' for a couple of miles. The mob got clear off, but I'll run them in some of these days. My oath ! it takes us colonial's to ride, schoolmaster." Station arrangements then were very different to what they generally are now. The house occupied by Mr. McKnight was large and roomy; in fact it contained ample accommodation under its roof for us all. Tom slept in what was called the "verandah room," and could enter or leave just as he pleased. My apartment was well ventilated, and from the care bestowed on it, very com- fortable. Adjoining it, with windows look- ing out on the plains, was a room used for holding lumber, and here my employer kept his wine. On this article he set great store, so much so, that in order to have it per- fectly cool in summer time, he had a cellar made beneath for its reception. Of this place he alone held the key, any only on high days and holidays was it opened. One night, about the time when ghosts are said to appear, I was roused from my slumber by hearing noises in this chamber, and, rising from bed, crept noiselessly to the entrance, and applying my eye to they key hole had a good look into the apartment. On the table a candle was burning, and two men seated near it conversing; but as they spoke in whispers, not a word could be overheard. One thing, however, was cer- tain, Tom Hogan was there. His mate was a tall, dark-looking fellow, whose dilapi- dated appearance and roguish expression be- tokened nothing very favorable. Presently, Tom produced the key of the cellar, the lid was lifted, and I saw him descend evidently with the intention of stealing the wine. Handing up a couple of bottles to his mate, the fellow placed them in his capacious coat pockets. A slight movement on my part, caused by an uneasy position, startled them, and the tail vagabond looked about him with an expression of alarm and fear, which spoke volumes. A moment more, and they took their de- parture, the window by which they had entered affording them easy egress. The light had been carefully extinguished the moment they were alarmed, the trap door of the cellar locked, and all left, as before their visit. I returned to my bed, but not to sleep. All night long I lay awake thinking of the most favorable manner in which I might reveal the circumstances to my employer. Probably, however, he would not credit my unsubstantial statement; so that I deemed it best to keep strict watch over the much trusted Hogan till opportunity should offer of bringing the guilt home to him. That the man seen in his company was one of the bushrangers, said to be lurking in our vicinity, I had not the least doubt, still my too-confident master would not have heard a single disparaging word uttered against his favorite. My night watches took place regularly for a week, but resulted in nothing tangible. I observed no more nocturnal visits, though I had little doubt that the wine was being abstracted from the cellar. One morning soon afterwards I was much surprised to hear that Tom was leaving the station for good. Proceeding to the front of the house, I saw him on horseback, booted and spurred, and having a large swag strapped on the saddle. "I'm off," said he; "good-bye, school- master. Spose you didn't think I'd be going so soon ?" "No, I really did not !" was my reply, "but where are you off to now ?" "Oh, home to my old people on the Nip- in; they want me there to look after the farm. Besides, there's a gal in that quarter, as I've been sticking up to these years. My word ! a fine i titter,' too she is; so you see we're going to be spliced right away." Touching the noble animal with the spur, he went off like the wind, and, ere long, was out of sight. "Too flash," said I, to myself, as I turned into the house for breakfast, "depend on it, that young chap is up to no good !" The day after his departure, Mr. McKnight, having sold a mob of cattle, left the station to go to Carcoar to receive the money, intending, as he said, to return in a few days. The night we expected Mr. McKnight's return, was dark and tempestuous, and he did not make his appearance, although Mrs. M. and myself waited up all night momen- tarily expecting him. Towards morning, above these wild strange wind voices there came clearly de- fined the pound as of two shots fired in rapid succession. I heard them plainly, and waited to see if Mrs. McKnight would re- mark the circumstances. But as shs did not, being unwilling to create unnecessary alarm, I said nothing, and waited anxiously for daybreak. The long night terminated, and after breakfast with some juvenile members of the family, I went out a little way on the road to see if papa was visible. The trial then prepared for us never shall forget. There lying on his face, just as he had fallen among the brushwood near the road, was the dead body of my murdered master, and grazing by his side his faithful steed. The body was allowed to remain where it lay, until the police were brought the next day, and by whom the remains of the faith- ful father and husband were brought to the station. It was clear he had been murdered —shot by bushrangers ! It is perfectly needless to describe the feelings of that once happy family by this dreadful bereavement. I shall therefore pass over the funeral and other matters con- nected therewith, and relate events which took place a month afterwards. Mrs. McKnight resolved to leave the sta- tion at once, and to remove to town. There was consequently no further need of my ser- vices as teacher. Bidding adieu to my kind mistress and her amiable family, I set out for Sydney on horseback, and with a cheque for a respectable sum in my pocket, I reached Penrith safely. Stopping at Emu Plains for refreshment, I was astonished to hear myself hailed by name, and a moment after observed, coming from a public-house, my old companion, Tom Hogan. "You here ?" said I; " why I thought you were up the country with bushrangers !" "Bushrangers !" he replied, "no fear of that, schoolmaster! I know nothing of them. Didn't you see me leave the station ! Well, what 'ud I be doing about the neigh- borhood after I'd gone away for good." "Then I 'spose you havn't heard of poor Mr. McKnight's death ?" said I: " it was a sad affair !" "Dead ! is he really. By golly ! but I'm sorry, for he was a right down good sort, and 'all the suit' to me. How did it happen ? Tom listened attentively to the full par- ticulars, and on the completion of my story said, come on ; let's have a nobbler for old acquaintance, and then I'll take you over to my old people's place; it's only a stone's throw from here; they'll be glad to see you, I know, though this shooting of Mr. McKnight will vex poor father a good bit. You see, our old man holds the farm from him." Thinking I might possibly get some clue to the perpetrators of Mr. McKnight's murder, for I left convinced from the first that Tom Hogan was concerned in it either directly or indirectly, I consented to go with him to his parent's place. I found the old man a genuine specimen of the warm-hearted Irishman; he received me with the usual rude but hearty hospi- tality of the bush, and while we were con- versing about Mr. McKnight's dreadful fate a loud knocking at the hut door caused the family to start from their seats with sur- prise. "Sure, and what is it ?" demanded Hogan as the opening of the door revealed to him several constables without. "We've come," said they, "to arrest your son Tom. He's charged with ——. " Wid what, did ye say, sargent, he wor charged ? Be jabers, but me boy is as in- nercent as a babe unburn." "Stop, Mr. Hogan," interruped the first speaker. "We arrest your son for the murder of Mr. McKnight !" "Mr.—Mac—Knight—" he gasped; "me Tom—to do the likes ov that ! Nivir ! nivir ! Who shall say he did? Oh, wirrosthrue ! What does it all mane ? But you're not guilty, I know, Tom; tell me, avic." "No,father ! I'm not guilty, "said he, "B—— and G—— were in it, but not me." "Not too fast, young man," interrupted the sergeant, "remember, that what ever state- ment you make, will be used against you." "Och! that iver I should live to see this day. Oh Tom, Tom !" said his father, and amid much weeping and expostulation, on the part of his parents, they led Tom to prison. Soon after, his trial took place, and I, in company with other witnesses, was examined, relative to the murder of Mr. McKnight. A very strong case was made out against the accused, who, eventually, admitted his complicity with bushrangers, and the receipt of part of the spoil. The murder of his master, he, however, strongly denied; and doubtless, his assertion was true, though disbelieved by the jury. He was found guilty, and sentenced to death, which sentence was, I afterwards learned, commuted to fifteen years imprisonment. The little episode I have related brings forcibly to mind those words of Shake- speare:—"A man plays many parts." During my life, the parts I have played have indeed been various; but the strangest of all was the part I was compelled to play in connection with the youthful bushranger. A little time ago a landlord, who was talking boastingly about his customer, said "Mr. —— is the most regular customer I have; he comes here and gets drunk every Saturday, and has done the same for ten years, except when his mother died, and that time he came on the Sunday. Its a grand thing to be punctual." 