The Week. The Cession of 1 ui. — Banquet to his Kxckf, ienot Sik Heec«,B8 Robinsow.— It has been deter mined to oelebrate the annexation of the new colony of Fjji to the British Empire by a banquet tendered to his Exoellenoy Sir Hercules Robinson, in recognition of his eerrioes in connection with the annexation of the new oolony. A large and influential oommittee has been formed to carry out the arrangements for the celebra. tion. The Hob. John Hay, President of the Legisla tive Council, will oooupy the ohair, and the vice -chair will be. filled by the Hon. J. L. Montefiore, M.L.C. (president at the Chamber of Commerced. Ministerial Dinner.— A large number of members of ths Legislative Assembly and other gentlemen aeoepted the invitation of the Ministera to a dinner in the Parliamentary refreshment-room on'27thult Among those present wen the Hon. Henry Parkes (Colonial Secretary and Premier), the H6n. William M. Arnold (Speaker of the Legislative Assembly), the Hon. Saul Samuel, C.M.G. (Postmaster-General ana Vioe- President of the Executive Council), the Hon. George A. Lloyd (Colonial Treasurer), the Hon. John Sutherland (Minister for Public Works), tbe Hon. G. Wigram Allen (Minister of Jnstioeand Public Instruction), the Hon. J. G. L. Innes (Attorney-General), the Hen. R. Owen, M.L.C., Mr. W. C. Browne, Mr. Wil liam Cummiage, Mr. James Campbell, Mr. M. Fitzpatriok, Mr. J. A. Cunneen, Mr. R. Driver, Mr. H. Taylor, Mr. R. B. Smith, Mr. R. Hill, Mr. J. Hannell, Mr. J. Stewart, Mr. J. Hurley (C. C.), Mr. William Hav, Mr. Grahame, Mr. Nelson, Mr. Piddington, Mr. Tunks, Mr. Soholey, Mr. Bennett, Mr. T. Robertson, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Macafee, Mr. Taylor (Mayor of Balmain), Alderman Merriman, /Idnrman Chapman, Alderman Palmer, Mr. Threlkeld, Mr. Flood, Mr. T. S. Mort, Mr. Prince, Mr. Alger, Mr. Alderson, and Mr. Pope. The only toast proposed was that of her Majesty the Queen. The oompany separated at about half-past 9 o'clock. New Railway Engines. — Public interest has lately been somewhat excited by the arrival from England of several new railway engines. This addition to our already large stock of engines was necessary in order to keep pace with the increased trade between the metropolis and the interior. Locomotive power is specially required at this time of the year, when the wool is being sent down from the country for shipment to England. The number of engines ordered was eighteen, the contract for which was given to Messrs Robert Stephenson and Co., of New- eastle-on- Tyne. Of the six which have already arrived, three are running on the Western line, and have proved successful in every particular. Three engines and two tenders were brought out by the Airey Force, the rest being imported in other vessels. The weight of each of these engines, as received from the hold of the ship, is about 17 tons 10 cwt., exclusive of the fittings, such as axle-boxes, connecting rods, &c.;, which are sent out in separate cases. These six mentioned as having been received are designed principally for the passenger traffic over the mountains, that is to say, between Penrith and Bathurst, and are the largest description of locomotives ever imported into any of the colonies. The cylinders are 19 inches in diameter, with 28-inch stroke. They run on six wheels five feet in diameter, all of which are coupled together by a con- necting rod. The object gained by having the three pairs of wheels connected is, that instead of having only one pair of driving wheels there are three pairs, thus obtaining a stronger grip on the rails — the strength of the hold being depressed in proportion as the number of driving wheels is lessened. The front pair of wheels work on what are known as cartazzi boxes, being so constructed as to allow of an easy motion in turning sharp curves. When ready for starting, each of these engines weighs about 37 tons, exclu- sive of the tender, but including the tender the weight is between 60 to 62 tons. Of the other twelve engines ordered three or four have already arrived, and the remainder are expected shortly. These are intended solely for goods traffic across the mountains, being specially adapted for that purpose, having 19-inch cylinders, 26-inch stroke, and four-foot wheels, and, like the passenger engines above referred to, are to run on six wheels coupled ; they are also to possess the cartazzi boxes before alluded to. It may, perhaps, be worth mentioning that in all these large engines the two cylinders have been made in one casting, thus dispensing with the necessity of their being bolted together, and it is claimed that their strength and dura- bility are thus increased. In addition to the eighteen engines imported and expected from England, eight have been ordered for construction in the colony, Messrs. Mort and Co. having the order for four, and Vale and Lacy an order for a like number. It is anticipated that these eight will be delivered to the railway authorities either at the end of January, or the commencement of February. They are to be made upon the tank principle, or in other words, having part of the tank for containing the water on top of the boiler, and another part of it beneath the foot - plate. The advantage of having the engine and tender in one is that they both run on the same set of wheels. They are also to be fitted with injectors upon an unproved principle, by Messrs. Sharp, Stewart, and Co lt is purposed to use these tank engines exclusively for suburban traffic. An order has been sent home for some half-dozen of 'Westinghouse's air brakes.' They have worked very satisfactorily in England up to the present time. By means of apparatus a break can be fitted to every carriage, and worked through the agency of a pipe leading along the whole length of the train. Some saloon carriages have lately been constructed by Messrs. P . R. Russell and Co., for the Western line. They measure 40 feet over all, having a saloon in the middle and a com- partment at each end. They have been made upon the American bogie system on eight wheels with a set of four at each end. Bush Missionary Society. — The committee of this useful society are advertising for another mis sionary, being the fourth employed in bush duty. Appli cations can be made until 21st instant. Telegraphic Communication with; St. Leonards. — On Saturday last a submarine cable was laid to the North Shore under the direction of Mr. C. Cracknell, Superintendent of Telegraphs, who was assisted »y several officers of the Telegraph department and members of the Naval Brigada The cable was placed on «»ard the Naval Brigade barge Torpedo, which was towed by the Government steam-launch Pieneer. The end ot tine cable having been landed and secured near the steamers wharf at Dawes Point, the paying-out eommenoed, and at 3p.m. the North. Shore end was landed at Blue s Point. The land-lines on side of the harbour nave already 5°en erected, and suitable premises at St. Leonards rented a temporary post and telegraph ofioe, which will be opened to the public on the 1st January next. After the c&ble; was laid, (the usual tots were made, and evarvtning found to be in perfect working order. We Me informed that the line will oe extended from St. Leonards to Manly *»eaoh as com w the necessary fuuijB are prpyivi' New South Walks Cricket Association. — A speoia] meeting of the oommittee of the above Associa tion was held on Thursday evening, at Tattersall's Hotel. J*r. P. Sheridan occupied the chair. There was a fair attendance of members. In the matter ef the intercolonial cricket match, the Seleotion Committee appointed by the Association brought up the following report: — 'The sub committee chosen to superintend the practice of candidates tor selection, and to select the team, have the honour to report that sinoe the date of their eleotion, praotioe has been carried on, as far as possible, on the Domain, the Albert ground, and the Allianoe ground. While aware that they have been instructed to select an oleven and two emergency men on or before the present date, the sub committee have ventured to disregard this direction in some measure, trusting that the general oommittee will, on consideration, approve, of the course taken. They have (-elected 13 men, leaving open the selec tion of the emergency men until after the taam shall have practised in Melbourne. . This course they deem advisable in consideration of the ohanges so likely to occur in the oendition of the players when away from home, and playing upon a ground whioh will differ from any npon which they are aooustomed to play. It is suggested that it bo left to a sub-oommittea of three to determine finally in Melbourne, before the matoh, which, of the thirteen are to be emergency men. By this means it is confidently expeoted that the . best selection possibly will be finally arrived at. Mr. Park has unfortunately, through indisposition, not been present at any meeting of the sub-oommittee ; and it is to be re membered that the selection has been arrived at without his assistance. It i6 satisfactory, however, to be able to state that the remaining members of the sub-oommittee are unanimous in their cOnoluBion. It ehonld also be mentioned that the ' name of Mr. Massie has been omitted solely by reason of his inability to go to Melbourne if selected. The sub-oommittee suggest that Mr. D. Gregory be requested toaot as praotioe Captain until the final eleotion of a captain, whioh, they hope, will be made without unnecessary delay. The thirteen selected are the following, given in alphabetioal order:— Messrs. Bannerman, Coates, Gilbert, D. Gregory, E. Gregory, Lawrence, Morgan, Powell, Sheridan, Spofforth, Tindall, Thompson, and Woods.' Mr. Oliver moved the adoption of the report, and considered the proposition of the committee to send thirteen men to Melbourne a very good one. Mr. Reid cordially seconded the motion, and thought that ihe effeot of despatching thirteen men away would be beneficial, as the final seleo tion after praotioe on the Melbourne ground was ealoulated to turn out a good one. Ths report was unanimously adopted. Mr. E. Barton was appointed umpire, and Mr. W. Crane, jun., soorer. Railway Meeting at JN ewtown. — A meeting of the inhabitants of Newtown, upon the subject of Metropolitan Railway Extension was held at the Town Ball, oa Monday evening. Then were about 60 people present. The Mayor of the Municipality (Mr. Bailey) occupied the chair. The ohairman, in open ing the meeting, said that he could hardly con ceive a work more necessary for the whole colony than the extension of the railway to a oentral part of the city, and he believed that the Government were thoroughly alive to the faot, and they only required out side pressure to cause them to undertake the work without delay. He had heard that three lines had been surveyed, but had not heard full particulars. He trusted that the inhabitants of Newtown would take advantage of the forthcoming election to press the matter. Mr. George Pile, jun., moved the first resolution, — 'That, in the opinion of this meeting, the extension of the railway to a central part of the oity of Sydney is ef the utmost importance to this suburb, snd this meeting pledges itself to use every exertion to ensure the carrying out ef so desirable a work.' One of the means to be used to ensure tbe carrying out of the extension of the railway into the heart of the city Is to obtain adequate representation. There can be no doubt but that the railway would be a profitable work; the lines even now area paving invest ment for the State, taking into consideration the saving in the wear and tear of the roads ; and no lines in anypart of the world pay so well as metropolitan lines. Mr. William Jglly seconded the resolution. Mr. Smith objected to the word 'into' the oity. He thought they shouM go ' through ' the city. The Chairman explained that the intention was to abstain from appearing to dictate to the Government any particular rente. The Government would, with the assistance of their officers, ascertain whioh was the best way to carry out the expressed wishes of the people. Mr. Abbott, in supporting the resolution, pointed out that this was really a working man's question. Gen tlemen engaged in offioes oould with little trouble give their children the advantages of pure atmosphere, because their hours were such that they oould make use of the railway even in its present inconvenient position ; but the working man must live close to his work, unless he had facilities to get out of town such as only a railway can give. Wo doubt working men feel as tenderly for their children's lives as those who are in better circumstances. The infant mortality in faydney, especially in the crowded, low-lying situations, where too many of the working people are now compelled to live, is terrible. Working men should make thiB a question at the next election. The resolu tion was put and carried unanimously. The rjinirrnan then called upon the secretary of the League (Mr. G. Pile, jun.) to read the petition, whioh has been extensively signed in the city, whioh having been done, the Rev. Mr. Martin, in a lengthy and interesting speech, moved the seeond resolution adopting the petition. He said that there was ne town in England of equal size to Sydney which had not a railway running through and around it. He thought that the Sydney people were very much behind the age. Mr. G. A. Hewett seconded the resolution, which was put and carried unanimously. Mr. Pigott (the Mayor of Petersham) moved, and Alderman Murray seconded,— 'That this meeting endorses the action taken by the Metropolitan Railway Extension League, and expresses its entire confidenoe in that organization.' Carried. A letter was read from Mr. AV-gflnflnr Stuart, expressing his regret that he was too ill to attend the meeting, and recommending that the question should be pressed upon the candidates at the elections. The usual vote of thanks to the ohairman ^closed tbe meeting. {Societies Meetings.— The monthly meeting of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales was held at the rooms, George-street, on Wednesday, Sir W. Macarthur in the chair. In accordance with a motion passed, the alteration suggested by Mr. T. J. Calvert in the rule having referenoe to the number of members who retire annually from the Council, was new brought before the Council and adopted. It will now read as urfl' : ' The Council, which is elected from the gover nors and members, shall consist of the president, vice presidents, and fifty-one members, one-third of whom who have served longest shall retire annually, and be eligible for re-election. [The retiring Executive Committee's report is held over till next week.] The Executive Committee for the ensuing year are:— H. Reed, J. Alger, J. Thompson, P. N. Trebeck, C. H. Humphrey, M. Lowe, E. L. Montefiore, W. Wallis, E. H. Woodhouse, J. N. Oxley. The usual monthly meeting; of the New South Wales Horticultural Society was held on Wednesday in the New Oddfellows' Hall, Elizabeth-street. There were between seventy and eighty persons present, amongst whom was a large number of ladies. Mr. Benjamin Cocks, president of the society, occupied the ohair. There was an admirable display of flowering and otherwise interesting plants. Mr. Wooff read a paper on ' Pitcher Plants with a few remarks about Carnivorous Plants.' The Old Coid.— A correspondent writes : — 'The silver coin marked 'Fifteen-pence' and 'N. S. 'Wales,' found when digging in a yard, in Sydney, was once a part of the silver currency ; was called a ?dump,' value 16d. These were cut out of the oentre of a dollar, to prevent that coin being sent away ; the dump was stamped by the Government in Sydney ; the remainder of the dollar was called a 'Holy,' or holey dollar ; cur rent at 5b., afterwards at 3b. 9d. Dollars, at one period of the colony were the only coin in use. Money was eo scarce in ths oolony at one time that the Governor (Maoqaarie) ordered and called in all the dollars then currefct at Ss. ; had the centre cut cut, which was the dump already mentioned ; the remainder of the dollar then went for 5s.— thus con verting the original dollar of 6s. into 6a. 3d-, and render ing them unfit to remit. The. qutlfing and stamping were 4«ne ia tbe old Commissariat Stores, Lower George-street,' Civic Elections. — The election of aldermen to fill tbe eight vaoancipe by retirement from the Sydney Municipal Council took plaoe on Tuesday. The result of the poll showed that following were returned : Gipps Ward, Alderman Merriman; Bourke Ward, Alderman Bowe; Brisbane Ward, Alderman Palmer; Macquarie Ward, Alderman Chapman ; Fitzroy Ward, Alderman Oatley ; Cook Ward, Mr. John Davies ; Phillip Ward, Alderman Goold; Denison Ward, Alderman Powler. The five aldermen first tmtnud were returned unopposed. Captain Cook Statue. — A meeting of the Captain Cook Statue Committee was held at the Supreme Court on 27th ultimo. Sir Alfred Stephen presided. The trustees of Hyde Park having given their oonsent to the placing of flagging and an iron railing around the statue, the oommittee prooeeded to examine several plana for the work. One showing a veiy handsome iron railing, sub mitted by Mr. Blaoket was unanimously approved of. The cost together with that of the flagging is astimated at £260. The oommittee having scarcely sufficient funds in hand for the purpose of completing this work, Sir Alfred 8tephen, Mr. R. V. Smith, M.L.A, and Captain Watson were appointed a deputation to wait upon the Colonial Secretary to ask for a contribution from the general revenue for the o'bjeot. IIkal Property* Act. — A return recently laid before Parliament shows the total number of applications, with amount of fees, Ao., under the Real Property Aot, from 1st J anuary to 3 Let December, 1873, to be as follows : — Number of applications, 251 ; number of properties, 427. Area: Town and suburban, 1086 aores 3 roods 18 J; perohes; country, 30,12*2 aores 2 roods. Value, £^35,289. Fees : Assurance, £703 16a. Id.: commissioners, £101 6s. ; certificates and other dealings, £3236 16s. 8d. Total, £4310 17s. 9d. The above return is exclusive of seven applications which have been withdrawn. The total number of Crown grants registered under the Real Property Act, from 1st January to 31st Deoember, 1873, were as follows Number of grants, 3464. Area : Town and suburtan, 446 acres 1 rood 32| perohes ; opuntry, 237,433 acres 1 rood 32} perches. Value, £248,792 Is. 6d.; assurance, £518 10s. 9d. ; amount of consideration money fer transfers under the Aot for the year 1873, £441,934 13s. 3d. ; amount secured by mortgage under the Aot for the year 1873, £761,046 13s. 7d. ; total area under the Aot, 1,976,446 acres 3 roods 24} perohes; toted value of land under the Act, £4,680,711 18s. 4d. Stbeet Accident. — On Tuesday afternoon a lad, aged eleven years, met with an accident near the corner ef William-street and Palmer-street. It appears that the little fellow was in the aot of crossing the road to Spenoe lane, when a sehool-fellow on the footpath having sud denly called to liim by name, he unfortunately stopped for a moment, and, looking back, did not observe that a pony carriage wbich had just turned the oorner of William street was close upon him. The driver of the vehiole had, it seems, called out to the boy to get out of the way, ana supposed that he had done so. The forefoot, however, of the none, only going at a moderate paoe, struck the lad ' with seme violence, knocked him down, and broke his leg. The accident would doubtless have been far mere serious but for the presence ef mind of the lady in the carriage, who, seeing the mischanoe, sprang forward and grasped the reins just in time to prevent the wheel going over the child as he lay in the road. The boy waa promptly and thoughtfully conveyed to the Sydney Infirmary, when the broken limb was immediately set by the house surgeon, Mr. Balkett. The lad is named William H. Reeve, and is one of the sons of Mr. Edward Reeve, of Bourke- street. No particular blame is attached te the drive?, who appeared to be much distressed at the aocident ; still it is never theless much to be regretted that the stringent regulations observed elsewhere as to the driving ef vehicles round corners of streets should not be generally observed in Sydney. British and Foreign Bible Society.— The annual meeting of the St. Leonards Branch Association of the British and Foreign Bible Sooiety was held on Tuesday in the School of Arts, St. Leonards. About fifty persons, moBtlv ladies, were present, and Mr. Christopher Rolleston occupied the chair. After a brief address from the ohair man, the Rev. Mr. Cave Browne Cave stated that he was aorry to say that no annual report oould be presented to the meeting as all the subscriptions had not been sent in. During the year 1873 £37 had been colleoted for this very excellent society, which was about the average amount col leoted each year. He said there were a great many asso ciations before them, but this association was the one, he thought, that most deserved their support He then read letters of apology for non-attendanos from the Rev. Messrs. John Graham and J. G. Middleton. He moved that the retiring committee be ro-elected for the ensuing year. Ths Bev. Mr. Cullen seconded the motion, whioh was carried unanimously, and in an eloquent address eulogised the sooiety. Dr. Clay then said a few words in praise of the society, relating instances of how much good it had done. The Bev. Messrs. Ross and Carpenter were also amongst those present. After a collection had been made, the bene diction was said, and the meeting terminated. Wesletan Home Missions. — The annual pub lic meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Home yin«intm was held in the York-street churoh, on Monday evening. There was a fair attendanoe. Among those present on the platform were the Revs. G. Woolnough, G. Hurst, R. Sellors, Dr. Moffitt, and Mr. H. Gorman. The proceedings were opened with singing and prayer. Mr. H. Gorman then read the report, by whioh it appeared that the income of the society from all sources for 1873 was £2778 13s. Vd.; voluntary contributions to this sum amounted to £1175 14s. The following is the list of subscriptions and donations from the York-street circuits :— Public meet ings, £3 10s. ; publio collodions, £12 18s. Id. ; Juvenile Missionary Association, £10 Is. 3d. ; collected by Mrs. Fidler and Miss Kendall, £12 ; colleoted by Mrs. James Clark, £62 ; £100 9s. 4d. Brutal Treatment by a Mother, —The Launceston Examiner of November 24 reports:— 'A woman named Bennett, the wife of a painter residing in Frankland-etreet, has, during the past day or two, been drinking, and last evening, either drank or suffering from delirium tremens, oemmenced to maltreat her two children most brutally. Her baby, five weeks old, whioh she had in her anas, she deliberately threw some yards away from her on to tbe ground, and then, taking it up again, began te strike it with her hands on the head and on different parts of the body, till the neighbours witnessing the occur rence restrained her, and sent for constable Kennedy, who took her into oustody. Theohildwas taken to the hospital, and exhibited to Dr. Murphy, who examined it, and round it most dreadfully cut and bruised. There are five wounds on its head,eneof whioh must have been caused by a switch or stick, and there are several large lumps on the head. The other child, about three years old, had evidently been treated badly, as it was very ill, and a blaok mark was visible round the neok, as if there had been an attempt to strangle it. The woman was removed to the lock-up.' Clarence and New England Railway. — As we (C. and Jt. Examiner ) mentioned in onr last issue, Mr. C. Maye^railway surveyor, has now made a section from Busby's flat to the Clarence side of the Richmond Range, and the steepest gradient is one in forty ; and that gra dient can be, greatly reduced by tunnelling through a short spur to about one in sixty. This range is the only engi neering difficulty between Grafton and Tabulam. Another set of surveyors are shortly expected to lay out and seotion the oountry between the Travellers' Rest and Mayes' work. Fibk at Carlton. Victoria, — At about a quarter to 12 o'clock on Friday night a firs broke out in CaTlton, in a cottage of three 'rooms, known as Lincoln Cottage, off Bouverie-street, and extended to five similar dwellings. The house in whioh the fire originated was (says the Argus) in the occupation of John Hill. He states that he went to bed at about 10 o'clock, leaving a kerosene lamp burning on the table. He was awoke by a blaze of light in the bedroom, and found that the kerosene lamp had fallen from the table on to the floor. He tried to extinguish the flames, but failing to do so the occupants had to beat a hasty retreat from the burning premises. The buildings were constructed of wood, covered with iron roofing, whioh carried the flames through from one hsuse to the other. The house in which the fire broke ont' is totally destroyed, and the other five are very considerably damaged. Tne fire spread so rapidly that Hill lost all his furniture and .effsota. The other oooupaats had time to ' retnovemoet of their fund tore. Thb Elections. — It is notified ia a supple ment to the Government (Jaiette, that Mr. James Henry Young is to be the Rettuning-offioer of the electoral dis trict of the Hastings ; that the appointment of M'llwraith'a Selection at Kangaroo Valley, as a polling place, has been cancelled, and that the following polling places have been appointed j: — Aigyle — Crsokwell ; Eden— Candelo, Wolo mula, and Wyndham; New England— Middletown, Cope's Creek; Shoalhaven— Kangaroo Valley; the Williams— Furater. Death by Drowning. — The Riverine Herald of 25th ultimo reports : — ' Last night, about 6, a man named Michael M'Conoohie, one of the ohainmeu attached, to the Government survey p^rty in charge of Mr. Laog treo, at present camped near the river, went to bathe in tho Cam pas pe. As ths man did not return after tiie lapse of half an hour or so, an inquiry was instituted, whea. his clothes were found lying in the boat close to the river bank. Every search was made at onoe, and, the polioe being oom municated with, the river was dragged, but up to dark th» body was not found.' Marble Quarry near Adelong. — Tho machinery for working the marble quarry at Tarrabandra has arrived, and operations will commence at onoe. A oompany has been successfully formed to work it, and a board of direotors appointed, of whom our townsman, Mr. E. A. Fitzgerald, ia one. The samples forwarded having been pronounoed superior to any marble obtained in Italy, the success of the oompany is almost certain. — AdtUng Time*. An Aboriginal in Custody. — The Madeay Herald states that on aboriginal, named Dioky On eye, from the Bellinger, waa brought into Kempsey, on ths way to Port Macquarie gaol, being under a seatonoe for two months, for a violent assault on his gin, a half-castst Dicky rode the first day, but being tired of equestrianism, he requested to be allowed to walk. Te aooommodate him, consistently with his safe oustody, the polioe were obliged to detain him with a rope held by whioh he jogged along uncomplainingly between the two mounted polioe. Swindling. — A correspondent writes : — ' Several respectable tradespeople have lately been duped in the following manner, viz. : A shop is entered, a trifling purchase made, a £l-note tendered in payment, and the change given, in most instances with a half-sovereign and silver. The customer counts the change, secretes the half, sovereign given him, and immediately returns to the party from whom he received it with a spurious coin— no other than « sixpence gilded over,— very coolly saying ' The half sovereign you gave me is a bad one ; ' upon whioh the tradespeople have either given another or ten shillings in silver, supposing they had reoeived it during the day without deteoting it.' Commercial Intercourse between Babna wartha and Bwngowannah. — A movement has been initiated for the purpose of endeavouring to induoe the Victorian Government to station a Custom-house effioer at Barnawartha, eo as to allow tite residents of the large agri cultural district on the New South Wales borJer to obtain their goods from, and to transmit their produoe to, the railway station, to the punt, without having to convey everything round by way of Wodonga and Albury, thereby increasing the distance by about twenty-five miles. At the meeting of the Yackandandah Shire Council, held on Thursday, a memorial got up by those connected with the movement was brought forward, and was signed by the President on behalf the Council ; it has also been generally signed bf traders and others resident in Barnawartha and the district surrounding. In view ef the faoilities that would be given to trade by a Customs officer being sta tioned at Barnawartha, no great amount of pressure ought to be required to induoe. the Government to comply with the prayer of the memorialists. If it had not been for the Border duties Barnawartha would ere this have become the depot and distributing oentre for a large traot of agri cultural oountry on the New South Wales border, and as it seems impossible at present to get rid of the infliotion of inland customs, such provision ought to be made as would allow of the fanners of Bimgawaiinah, &o.;, sending their produoe by the most direct route to the North-E astern Railway, and obtaining their goods in a similar manner. — Albury Banner. Serious Hobse Accidents. — The Southern Argue reports that, as .Mrs. Keefe, of G turunda, near Gullen, was out riding on horseback last Sunday week, she lost control over the animal, and after being galloped away with for some distanoe, was thrown from tne saddle. In her fall she came in contaot with a tree, and reoeived suoh serious injury to the face as to deprive. her of sight from one eve, and cause terrible disfigurement of the features. Dr. Davidson has sinoe been in medical attendanoe npon the sufferer, and ehe is making gradual progress towards recovery. — On Tuesday evening week, Mr. Frederick Shepherd, of Wheeo, met with some fearful injuries. He was mounting a horse at a slip panel near to his residence, when the -animal swerved, and he either got jammed against the rails, or else was kicked by the quadruped, for having fallen to the ground, when his father and others went to his assistance, they found one of the legs dreadfully smashed and blood streaming therefrom, A mattress having been procured, the injured gentleman waa carefully plaoed upon it and eonveyed to the house, whilst a messenger was dispatched with all speed to Goulburn, to obtain surgical assistance. Dr. Morton rode to Wheeo, and found that Mr. Shepherd had sustained a comminuted fracture of the leg, requiring portions of the bone to be removed. Gun Accident. — On Wednesday afternoon (says the Tamworth Newt i) Mr. William.Smith, super intendent for Mr. Sydney Burdekin, at Attunga station, was out in the mountains, some miles baok from the home stead, engaged in shooting wild horses. He laid down his loaded weapon on a sloping place with the muzzle turned away from him, when the piece— a Snider rifle— slipped and turned towards Mr. Smith, and, the hammer striking the ground with some force, exploded. The muzzle, at the time of the discharge, was near to Mr. Smith's left leg, whieh was blackened through the trousoro, and the ball passed in on the inner side ef the right knee, followed the bone round, and made its escape on the outside of the limb. Assistance was at hand, and Mr. Smith was conveyed to the station, when Drs. Tayler and Wood were s unwarned. Thakambau, late King of Fiji. — As our readers are aware, the ex-Kin^ of Fiji, Thakambau, arrived in Sydney in H.M.S. Dido, on Sunday, together with his son Ratu Joseph, for the purpose of paying a visit to his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson. Rata Timothy, who has been for some weeks a guest of his Excellency, at onoe went on board the Dido to aee his father, and remained there all night. On Monday morning the party landed at the Government jetty, near Fort Macquarie, having left the Dido in his Excellency's barge, -which was sent specially to convey them. As the barge left the ship's side, the Dido's yanU were manned by the seamen, but no salute was fired. There was a large concourse of people assembled at and near the jetty to receive the distinguished visitor, who was received and welcomed on landing by his Exoellency him self. There were also present Captain St. John, the Hon. Hely Hutchinson, Commodore Goodenough, Colonel Richardson, Major Airey, Captain Chapman, Mr. Lines, and a number of other gentlemen. Mr. Foebery was on the spot with a party of polioe, and there was also a detachment of the permanent artillery, who presented aims to the ex-King as he landed. His Exoellency then oonducted hie guests to Government House, where they will remain during their stay in Sydney. In the afternoon, shortly after 3 o'clock. Sir Hero ales Robinson and Captain St. John, accompanied by ex-King Thakambau and his two sons Ratu Timothy and Rata Joseph Celua, paid a visit to the Post Offioe, where they were received by the Hon. tbe Premier (Mr. Parkes), and the Hon. Saul Samuel, C.M.G. Amongst the number present were Mr. Lambton, Secretary of the Post Office ; Mr. E. C. Cracknell, Superintendent ot Telegraphs ; Mr. F. W. Hill, Superintendent of the Money Order Offioe; Mr. J. Deifarno, Chief Clerk of the Post Offioe ; Mr. P. B. Walker, Assistant Superintendent of Telegraphs; Mr. Fosbery, Inspector-General of Polioe ; Messrs. Fitzpatriok, Bawden, Jennings, and several others. The party wen first of all shown into the mail branch of the Poet Offioe, where they Baw the mails bong made up and dispatched. They then passed Into the corresponding and secretary's branches, and from thence into the Postmaster General's room, where refreshments had been hospitably provided by the Hon. Saul Samuel. In the telegraphic room Thakambau seat some messages to Mr. Todd) C.M.G., Postmaster -General and Superintendent of Telegraphs at Adelaide. The first message transmitted wu to inquire ihe state of the weather, and an answet was received almost tho li«w being kept clear for the purpose. He then held a conversation with Mr. Todd by mews of the telegraph, ths instranentbdog worked by Mr. Cracknell. In reply Mr. Todd sent s com plimentary message expressing his gratification st being able to convene with his Royal Highness, and after wards s private message was sent to England by Sir Hercules Robinson. One item of newB reoeived from South Australia was that the Gothenburg (s.) had sailed from Fort Darwin with a number of passengers and a quantity of goldjfor Adelaide. The ex-King and those with him examined the working of the telegraphic appa ratus and the pneumatio tubes, and Thakambau expressed himself, by means of his interpreter, Mr. Milne, highly delighted at everything he saw. He appeared to be parti cularly astonished at the manner in which the gas was lit, and the way in whieh the flame was increased and decreased by means of ths tap attached to the gaspipe. He was likewise very much pleased at the working of the lift for carrying- papers between the corresponding and record branches of the Post Offioe. The visitors were also shown the clock-room, and the manner in which the numbers indicating the hoars revolve, and the way in which the clock is self -illuminating by means of its clever mechan ism. After admiring the view from the roof fer somq flfteea or twenty minntes, the party proceeded down stairs to the workshop where the telegraphic instruments are refitted and repaired. Whilst in this room a most amusing incident ooeurred. Mr. Cracknell, having pro cured a knife, presented it to the ex-king for inspection, and he, after having satisfied that there was nothing extraordinary about it, handed it baok again to Mr. Cracknell, who magnetised it, and again offered it to Thakambau, at the same time requesting him to pick up some nails and iron filings with it, whioh he did. The ex king was much surprised at the iron filings beooming attached to the blade of the knife, and made some ejacula tions in his Fijian tongue, whioh were of oonrse only understood by his two sons and the interpreter. Thak ambau was conveyed to the Post Offioe in his Exoellency' g carriage, being accompanied by Captain 8t. John and Mr. Milne. The distinguished visitors left the building about half -past 6, by which time a great crowd had assembled in front of the Post Offioe to witness their departure. Ocean- street (Woollahra) Congregational Church. — On last Saturday afternoon there was laid the foundation-stone of an addition to the Ocean-street Con- gregational Church. There was a large attendance of the residents of the suburbs of Woollahra, Paddington, Waverley, &c.;, as well as of visitors from Sydney. The Friendly Societies of Woollahra were represented by officers and members. There were represented Division No. 84 of the Sons of Temperance, Lodge No. 3126 of the Order of Foresters, Lodge No. 9 of the Protestant Alli- ance, and the Alexandria Lodge of the I. 0. G. T. The clergymen present were the Bevs. J. C. Kirby (the pastor of the church), Thomas Johnson, W. Slatyer, J. G. Frazer, J. P. Sunderland, W. Bradley, Allan Webb, and C. Olden. The proceedings were commenced with the singing of the 881st Hymn, after which the Rev. Thomas Johnson read a portion of Scripture appropriate to the oocasion. This Rev. J. P. Sunderland then engaged in prayer. The Rev. Mr. Kirby then read a paper notifying the circumstances connected with the ceremony, which (after having been read) was placed in the cavity of tbe stone, After the stone had been lowered Mr. Josiah Mullens declared it to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Mr. Mullens then gave an address, whioh was listened to with much attention, in which he congratulated the Ocean- street congregation on the necessity which had arisen for the enlargement of the church, in which they had been worshipping for some years past, and spoke of the spiritual progress which was evidenced by such an outward sign. Spiritualism, and the recent theories of leading scientific men— the aggregation of stoms, the doctrine of causation, and the indestructa- bility of force, &c.;, were ably summarised and reviewed by Mr. Mallens, who contended that the phases which modern thought had taken rendered it all the more necessary that thev should stand firmly by the faith of their Lord Jesus Christ, and do all they could to spread His Gospel among their fellow men. The Rev. Mr. Slayter next addressed those present. He mentioned that he was the first Congregational, and probably even the first minister who had preached in this part of the suburbs, at a time when there was no place of worship in the locality. There were none of the mansions and rows of houses which were now so numerous in Woollahra. He doubted whether he would now be able even to find the site which he had purchased for a Congregational church, which afterwatds gave place to that on which the Point Piper Road church was built. After a few words from Mr. B. Cocks (the Mayor of Woollahra), the Rev. Mr. Kirby proposed a vote of thanks to the ministers and officers and members of the Friendly Societies who had attended the ceremony. The proceedings were closed by tbe singing of the doxology, and the benediction pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Frazer. Between £40 and £60 were laid on the foundation stone. A bazaar was opened on the same day in the schoolroom connected with the Ocean-street Church. One stall was occupied by Mrs. Ford and Mrs. Wailes; another by Sirs. Fapcourt, Mrs. Daniels, Miss Usher, Miss Smith ; a third by Mrs. Kirby, Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Keeble, and Mrs. Trivett ; and a fourth was kept by Mrs. Blumer, Mrs. Moore, Mrs. Mildwater, Mrs. Shearwin, and Mrs. Holdsworth. The contents of these stalls were so varied and good of their kind that it would be unfair to particularise any. There were all kinds of fancy goods, chefs d'auvre in berlin wool and crochet work ; a varied assortment of children's clothing, homes in shell and card work, excellent photographs, some surprising specimens of cabinet work by amateurs, and wax flowers of all hues and kinds. There was also a re- freshment stall presided over by Mrs. Mathieson, and stalls with pot plants of the most popular descriptions. In the evening a number of songs were sung by members of the Pitt-street Choral Society. It is proposed that the bazaar should be kept open till to-day (Saturday.) The object is to assist in paying the expense of the addition to the church, which will be to the extent of 26 feet in length. Accom- modation will thereby be given for some 200 persons additional. The cost it is estimated will be about £1200. Mr. W. Boles is the architect for the addition. Andrew Hume's Expedition — Mr. E. Da- Faur writes thus to the Herald of Monday;-- The following telegram reached me on Sunday, dated Charleville, Queens- land, November 29, 9 h. 46 m., from J. Mackay Donne : — 44 Home, explorer, perished for want of water about fifty miles from Drynan's station, on the way to Coopers Creek. O'Hea also supposed to be dead. Fourth day without water, Thompson, third man in party, left the others still alive ; succeeded in finding water and reaching Drynan's. Went out immediately with black bey ana party from station, and found Hume's body. I start at once to look for O'Hea and bury Hnme. Two horses dead, rest of equipment safe ; have taken charge of it pend- , ing instructions bom you. Thompson wants two horses to ' take him back to Mungundi, or will go to Sydney if you require him; have offered to pay his wages. Telegraph respecting Thompson. .Will write full particulars.' Little comment from me is neoessary on the above, it leaves some hope that O'Hea may yet be found alive ; to those few who have read hie letters from the starting of the expedition up to the date of its leaving Drynan's oa the 29th October, it must cause the deepest regret, for his character is shown forth in them as thpt of a man of un usual tact and faithfulness. Few will refuse their sympathy even for Hume, who has lost his life in his attempt to prove his statement, and at least, so far kept his faith with me in spite of tne many predictions to the oontrary. Thompson has been ins tract ed to return to Sydney when O'Hea'e fate is proved. Drynan's station is on the Subrana Creek, or Wilson's River, 150 miles east of Fort Will's, on Cooper's Creek, and more than 260 miles by road beyond the ' Charleville ' Telegraph Station on the Upper Warrego River (being 200 miles as the crow flies). Hume left ' Kufckathouga ' (Drynan's P) on or abont the 1st November, and the telegram of the 29th would be news dispatched thence probably ten days previously — the lapse of time from when Thompson first left the party to date of the telegram would not have been such as to preclude all hope of O'Hea having survived. He doubtlessly remained with Hume to the last, and may have found water as well as Thompson, though missed by him in his first search ; and there is no reason to suppose that he would stray away without provisions for some days. Rand-wick Asylum : Monthly Meeting. — The monthly meeting of the Board of Directors of the Destitute Children's Asylum, at Randwick, was held on Wednesday afternoon, in the Board-room of the Sydney Infirmary, the Bev. James Milne in the chair.' The following gentlemen were present:— The Rev. Messrs. Dwver, Sheridan, Garavel, and Wilson, and Messrs. B. Hills (hon. treasurer), Mr. G. F. Wise (hon, secretary), G. Ren wick, Joseph Thompson, 3, Hughes. J. Watkins, W. 8. Friend, W. M.Alderson, T. J. Joseahsan, 7. B. Holdsworth, J. G. Raphael, B. T. Peafold, H. B. A. Allan, and .the Hon. George Allen, one of the vice-presidents of the institution. Mr. May (the superintendent of the Asylum) was also present. The minutes of the House Committee for the past month were read ; and after some short discussion of a con versational character as to the action of the honorary secretary and honorary treasurer in giving particular in structions tothe superintendent, without special reference to the oommittee, these minutes were, in due coarse, con firmed. The honorary treasurer (Mr. Robert Hills) read lus monthly statement of aooounts. On October the 81st the balanoe waa stated to have been £3148 Is. — the accounts paid for October, £1027 15s. Id. ; Coulter's com mission, £7 Is. ; gratuity W. J. Wheeler, £4 : a total ef £4186 17s. Id. On the credit tide, the subscrip tions, &©., were £172 15s. ; Government aooonnt for maintenance, -fcc,, £680 2s. 2d. ; Government subscription fer October, £333 6s. 7d. ; debtor balance on 30th Novem ber, £3000 13s. 4d. : total, £4186 17s. Id. The debtor balanoe thus brought down was £3000 13s. 4d. The medical officer's report was also read, from which it ap peared that there had been several oases of fever during the past month, but thai every case had been carefully treated in the Catherine Hayes hospital, and with much suooess. There had been no deaths, and all the cases now in hospital were progressing favourably. The honorary secretary read an elaborate report, brought up by the Superintendent of tbe Asylum (Mr. J. M. May) in favour of the introduc tion ef sericulture as one of tne industries connected with the institution. It appeared that this document was chiefly based upon Certain reliable facts elioited through an official report from the Chamber of Commerce at Lyons, dated 24th July last, and addressed to the Minister of Commeroe and Agriculture at Paris. That report treated, amongst other tilings, of certain raw silks and cocoons which had been forwarded to the late Exhibition st Paris, and in it special approval had been expressed as to silk 'educated' or produced, at the Randwick Asylum. The report drew attention to the fact that the Randwick Asylum silk produced, as an experiment, had been so signally successful, and suggested the erection of a small building for rearing and carding silk, &c.;, in connection with the institution, as a suitable and lucrative employment for the children. The report was very favourably reoeived by the Board, and many were much inclined to carry out the suggestions made ; but they were deterred from taking any steps at present by reason of the necessary preliminary expense. Ultimately, a motion was carried to the effect that the report should be tendered to the daily Press for publication, in view of a yet more thorough ventilation of what was proposed. Attempt at Wholesale Poisoning. — The Armidale Chronicle reports that a most diabolical attempt was made early on Sunday week to poison the whole family of Mr. Warner, superintendent ef Aberfoil station; in fact servants, dogs, cats, and all living things on the station seem to have come under the ban of the would-be murderer. From the few particulars we have been able to glean, it appears that a sister-in-law of Mr. Warner had occasion to go to the pantry to obtain some cream for breakfast, and on going to one of the tins she noticed a number of crystals on tne top of the cream, and some of a similar nature on the bench. She immediately informed her brother-in-law, who at onoe knew by the taste that strychnine had been sprinkled about. Of course the utmost alarm prevailed, and on farther search it was discovered that the bread and meat had been removed from the cupboard, where they were usnally kept, and strychnine had also been mixed with some flour placed ready to be used for baking. Whilst this investigation of the premises was going on, a cat obtained access to the dairy and stole Bome of the poisoned milk ; it is almost unneces sary to sav that this unfortunate member of the feline race will never again lap the unctuous fluid, or show its capacity for theft. The polioe, we understand, have proceeded to Aberfoil to try to gain some information, and we shall be very glad to hear that the villain in whose brain this terrible crime was conceived will soon be safe in their custody, with a strong case made out. In all plots ef a nature similar to the present there are some very narrow escapes, and this waB no exception. The nuraegirl was sent for milk in the morning for the children's breakfast, and she was in the act of taking it from the poisened milk dish when the man eame in with fresh milk from the yard, and the girl took that instead. Proposed Labour Bureau in Melbourne. — The Age of 28th ultimo reports The report of the Board appointed to consider suggestions made to enable the un- employed to find employment and the employer labour, was laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr. Kerferd. The Board state that they have considered correspondence and documents submitted to them by the Government, and a statement forwarded by the secretary of the Immigrants' Aid Sooiety, to which they attach considerable importance, but they have not taken evidence, as they deemed it unnecessary. They are unanimously of opinion that the establishment of a public labour exchange would be of great and general advantage, and that it should be commenced with as little delay as possible. Also, that it would supply a great pub- lic want ; would be valuable as a labour barometer in indicating the actual state of the labour market ; would be of great advantage to newly-arrived immigrants as a source whence reliable and disinterested information and advioe could be obtained, and. through which they oould find employment; would, by a careful registration of persons seeking employment, bis an incentive for goocl conduct on their part ; would enable the employer of labour to find what he requires without delay; and would, in the event of the resumption of assisted immi gration, relieve the Government of the burden of finding suitable employment for immigrants. They consider that the Government should furnish office accommodation in Melbourne, and provide offioe furniture, books, forms, stationery to start with, franked envelopes, and free use of telegraph lines when required; that the management should be independent of Government control ; but the appointment ef the oommittee of management should vest in the Government The committee should have the appointment and control of all the subor dinate offioere. They recommend that the staff of the labour exchange in Melbourne should consist of a manager at £300 per annum ; clerk, £160 ; matron, £150 ; assistant matron, £100; messenger, £100. In the oountry distriots agents might be appointed, whose remuneration should be a proportion of fees collected on behalf of the exchange ; and such agents should be the deputy-registrars of births and deaths. The following scale of feeB ia suggested : — To applicants for employment, for registration, Is. ; when employment is obtained, 10 per cent, on one week's wages at average rate. To employers: For a single engage ment, os. ; more than one and not more than five engagements, each 4s. ; more than five and not more than ten engagements, each 5s. ; any number mors than ten engagements, each 2s. 6d. All fees to form part of a general fund, under control of the oommittee of management. A carefully kept register is insisted on as indispensable as the histories of employes would be thereby known. For the head office the telegraph office at the rear of the Custom House is suggested. The Board have no reliable information of the number of persons out of em ployment. The report concludes by stating that with a well-selected oommittee of management, who would take an interest in the work, and with a carefully appointed staff of officers oapable of inspiring the general publio with con fidence, there can be little donbt of the future prosperity of the proposed public labour exchange. Mb. J. Phelps, the Actor. — The Melbourne J Herald understands that the management of the Theatre Royal signed an agreement with Mr. Phelps, junior, acting on 'behalf of his father, for the great tragedian doing the Australian tour. Mr. Phelps, immediately upon the en gagement being made, telegraphed to his father, who is at present in London, advising him of the engagement (whieh is for the legitimate drama), and requesting him to leave England, so as to arrive in Melbourne by the February mafl. One of the stipulations wasthat Mr, Phelps should ' have the stage direetionof the pieces produoed. The Stoppage of Selection by Bogus Im- provements — We have (says the Albury Banner ) on more than one occasion drawn attention to the manner in which selection has been stopped on different runs by the erection on the part of the Crown lessee of iron-roofed houses, purchased by the score in Melbourne, and put up merely for the purpose of scaring away the selector, and of securing the nght to purchase by virtue of improve- ments. A letter on the subject was addressed a short time sinoe to the Secretary for Lands, to which the follow ing answer has been received:— 'Sir,— With reference to the statements oontained in your letter, relative to the erection of zinc houses on certain lands by pastoral ten ante, in order to prevent thereby the lots being taken up by bona fiae conditional purchasers, I am directed to inform you that to prevent selection it is necessary that the improvements should be genuine, and the Minister for Lands has already on the question being brought under his notice by the Surveyor- General, intimated that the character of the Improvements or alleged improvements in each case is to be taken into consideration. I am, however, to state that is the duty of the land agent to accept all applications (even if he has goood reason for believing the land to be improved) leaving them to be dealt with bv this department, according to their respective merits, after due inquiry. The selectors would be warned ef course of the liability of their appli cations to cancellation, if the lands were not found to be sufficiently improved. I have the honour to be, sir, your obedient servant, W. W. Stephen. From the fore- going, it will be apparent that the Government is not dis- posed to encourage any dummyism of the kind referred to, and the fact can hardly fail to be satisfaatoiy to the bona fide conditional purchaser. Attack on a Fishing Party. — The Cooktown Herald says :— Some six weeks ago three men left Cook town in the Victor Emanuel, cutter, late the Platypus, for the purpose of searching for oyster beds supposed to exist off Burrow Island, and arrived at their destination all well. One day while away fishing, the niggers came off the mainland, only a quarter of a mile distant, visited the cutter, and finding no one on beard proceeded to the shed on the island, and scattered the men's rations all over the ground, tea, sugar, flour, and salt, forming a nice con- glomerate. After doing this they skedaddled, and one can judge the emprise of the men on return ing frem their fishing occupation to find all their tucker destroyed. They then went ashore to get water, and after rnnning the cutter on to the beach, two of the men turned in, and the other went to get water, when the latter suddenly desoried blacks and gave the alarm to his mates, who found that the tide had left them high and dry on the beach. One of the party hearing the cry of his mate, came out of the cutter's cabin with a towel tied round his head, and he directly reoeived a four-pronged spear, which penetrated the towel and pierced the flesh behind his ear. The other man received a spear through his flannel shirt, whioh luckily did not touch him. i A rush was now made for the guns, but as usual in such I matters, they would not go off, the caps only snapping. The niggers, on hearing the snaps, retired for a short dis tance, which gave the men an opportunity of re-loading, and when the black, wretches returned— as they j did with evidently a murderous intention, for spears j flew thick and fast about tke men's ears— they were re ceived with a volley of what turned ont f tighteners, for the [ darkies, having lost several numbers of their mess, took I to their heels and ran. By this time the tide had begnn to make, and the men in the outter, embracing the opportunity hoisted sail, and in a short time, by the aid of a good breeze were well out to sea. A course was at once set for Cook town, but, owing to the strong south-east gales which were blowing, the little vessel was unable to make any headway, and drifted well to leeward. One day when Captain Pennefather was eut fishing at the T reefs he noticed a Btrange sail, and bore down for it, whioh turned out to be the Victor Emanuel with the three men, who presented a most deplorable speotaole, being in an awfully emaciated condition. The. men told Captain Pennefather they had been a week without any food, and only managed to live by sucking clam shells whioh they found on the reefs. In proof of their sufferings the captain says they bore the exact appearance of skeletons when he saw them first. The skipper immediately told the men to beat up with all speed to his fishing station in No. 10 Aowick, on arrival at which Captain Pennefather's party reoeived the men with open arms, and immediately put them nnder treat ment, which very speedily made the men assume a different appearance. A Spiritist Medium.— At a spiritists' meet held one evening this week (writes the Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creek News) in a certain part of Ballarat, the medium was not— as is, I believe, usually the case— a female, but a good burly ' lord of the creation,' who, as one cf the circle informs, ' had the power strong upon him,' whatever that may be supposed to mean. All went nicely for some tune, and some pretty messages were received from shade land. The medium was quite a success, but unfortunately got into trouble before the seance was concluded. The last message from t'other side of Jordan was for a young and newly married woman present with her. husband — 'an unbe liever,' by the way — and it appears to have been of each a nature that its contents could only be imparted in a whisper. The medium, on reoeipt of a message, rose from his chair, crossed to where the lady sat, and putting one arm round her waist, took her hand and bent down his lipB particularly close to the lady's cheek; something like a smack followed, and the message was, most of the members of the circle supposed, properly delivered. Not so, however, with the lady s husband, who went for the medium like a pea from a catapult. The medium was out of his trance in a second. A fearful fight ensued, during whioh the gas was turned off by a wag, and the table upset in the melee following. The ladies got out as best they ceuld, and peaoe was at length restored. The husband and the medium— neither of whom is fond of fisticuffs — took advantage of the putting out of the lights to effect a retreat from the room, each being of opinion he had got the worst of it, and thinking how nicely he was dodging the ether in making off. A police court action was talked of, but happily, for the sake of commsa sense, intervention of friends was sufficient to set all straight, ana prevent what would certainly have proved a most un pleasant expose, for one of the parties, at least in Court. Murderous Assault at Parkes. — The Parkes Gazette reports that Cecilia Tomlinson was bronght before the Court, charged with stabbing William Pennington, on Friday night last, at Parkes. Constable Patrick Duffy deposed : About 7 o'clock on Friday evening last, while on duty in Forbes-street, I heard a report that a ! man was stabbed ; immediately after, the prisoner came to me in the street, and asked me did I see Pennington ; I said no ; she then said, ' he is looting for me to give me in chaige for stabbing him, and if I did stab him, it was in self-defence;' I went to Mr. Baymond's chemist shop, and saw a man, named William Pennington, being attended to by Dr. Marsden ; he had a wound on his right breast ; I then arrested the prisoner ; on her way to the look-up, she said, 'I did stab him, and I am sorry I didn't ' stab him more;' I produce a sheath knife bearing blood stains on it, whioh was handed tome about an hour afterwards, within a few yards of Pennington's door, by a, man named Gardell; two hours after I arrested the prisoner, I, in company with senior- constable Purcell and Dr. Marsden brought the prisoner into the presence of Pennington, when he was lying at Wright's Hotel, Parkes; Pennington identified the pri- soner as the woman that stabbed him, also the knife pro- duced as being the weapon with which she stabbed mm; prisoner was then charged at the lock-up with stabbing I with intent to murder William Pennington; she said in reply, ' All right I showed her the knife produced, she said she knew nothing about it ; Pennington is not able to leave his bed; I am unable to say whether be is in a dangerous state er not. Senior-constable Purcell prayed ; for a remand of the case for seven days. The Bench granted the application. 