DOES THE AGE CREATE THE LITERA- TURE : OR, DOES LITERATURE FORM THE CHARACTER OF THE AGE ? A Lecture delivered at the Oddfellows' Hall, Kadina, on Wednesday, July 1, by Mr S. Cozens. There was a time when there was no liter- ature in England, when the only persons who made any pretensions to knowledge—to theo- logical, philosophical and medical knowledge, were the Druids.. Those white-robed sages with their astrological temples, and astrono- mical theology, and botanical superstitions, were the only oracles in everything pertain- ing to the maladies of the body, and the miseries of the mind. By their abstruse physics and abstruser theology, by their ac- quired or assumed mysteriousness, they exer- cised an authority more than regal and al- most divine over our ignorant, unlearned, and semi-pagan forefathers, who looked upon them as so many demi-gods—as de facto and de jure, in all things physical and political, moral and divine. Those mystic men were the poets, priests and physicians for ages be- fore England had any national status in Europe, or any historical fame in the world. All that those ancient sages—who appear to have been a strange amalgam of Hebrew patriarch and pagan priest—said and did, was regarded as deo non fortuna. From God, not from fortune. Hence the power they wielded over our remote grand sires. If the Druids had learning, it seems to have been employed only to keep the people in abject ignorance, and to conserve the distinction and dignity of their own exalted class. There were no printed books, no public schools,, no Shakesperes, no Miltons, no Tennysons, in those rude and barbarous times. The oldest epic poem in our Anglo- Saxon literature, is "Beowulf.'' It was com- posed about fourteen centuries ago, at the close of the fifth century. This poem opens with a description of Hrothgar in his great hall of Heort. Not far off in the fens of Jutland, dwelt a grim giant, the descendant of Cain. This giant used often to visit the King's palace "to see bow the Danes found themselves after their ail-carouse." On one of his visits he killed thirty inmates, and ever after, the whole land was kept in fear of death. At length Beowulf the thane of Higedac heard of his evil deeds, and resolved to deliver the land of his brother Hrothgar. With fifteen followers he sailed for the Court of Heort, fought the giant, tore off one of his arms, and hung it up on the palace walls. Retiring to his cave the grim ghost died, and thereupon there was great rejoicing. One night, however, there arose a great trouble ; the mother of the giant, having appeared at Heort, and carried off one of the "beer drunken heroes of the ale-wassail,'' Beowulf delivered him out of his hands, and after many adventures, killed the old woman with a magic sword, and let her heathen soul out of its "bone house," the body. Beowulf then ascended the throne of Heort, and later died of wounds received while struggling with a "fire-drake,'' or dragon of wondrous size." The next work of this era was Caedmon's paraphrase of portions of Scripture. He is spoken of as the reputed father of English song, and the first metrical author in our verenacular (sic) language. He is sometimes called the Anglo- Saxon Milton, because he sang of Lucifer, and of Paradise lost. God he calls the "Blithe-hearted King.'' Abraham is a wise-heedy man, and a mighty Earl." The sons of Reuben are "vickings '' (warriors, or sea-pirates) and the Ethiopians are "a people brown with the hot coals of heaven." In a narrative poem, we are told that Cor- delia, the gentle daughter of King Lear, is queen over England, and that Maglandus King of Scotland thinks it a "mocbel same, (shame) that a Cwene Solde bi Hinge in thiss land." To this author, it is more than pro- bable, Milton was indebted for his concep- tion of his Paradise Lost; and Shakspere for his King Lear. These quotations of the Anglo-Saxon literature must suffice for the present. The literature of the present cen- tury is a vast remove from that—ay, and even from that of the last century both in its orthography and orthorpy. The spelling of our language is now far more sensible, and its pronunciation more elegant, fluent, and musical. The eighteenth century was almost as great an advance upon the seventeenth. I may at a future day give you some of the curiosities of the literature of that age. Every student of history must have observed that the character of the age kept pace with the advancing light of knowledge emitted from the Press. This leads me to the question, Does the Age create the Literature ? There was a time, and that time not very remote, when there was so popular—no cheap literature ; a time when there were but few books and no newspapers. It is no longer agone (sic) than the reign of Elizabeth, that the first English Newspaper was published under the able editorship of the learned and celebrated Wil- liam Cecil, Secretary of State, to whom the State is indebted for the regulation of the coinage and the Church is more indebted for the 39 Articles of her religion—and the world is most indebted for inaugurating one of the greatest and most potent agencies of modern progress, viz., the newspaper. What in the name of our busy, bustling, pushing age, would the world be without the Newspaper ? Take this away, and you would at once create a vacuum, which nothing else in the present condition of Society could fill; a vacuum into which the mercantile world would collapse, destroying in its crashing fall every commer- cial interest of all nations. The history of the Newspaper is interwoven with the his- torical annals of our country's progress, from a second or third rate power to stand side by side with the great national powers of the earth. The intelligence, the franchise, the wealth, the prosperity, the commerce, the civil rights, the religious liberty of the Eng- lish have grown with the growth of the British Press. England by the grace of God is Britannia of the Seas—the Queen of many nations—and the Empress of vast territories and peoples. And now, what nation is there so great in political power and influence —in commercial enterprise and prosperity— in civil and social and religious liberty ? For these, and more than these, who shall say how much we are indebted to the Mighty British Press ? It has nobly vindicated the eternal principles of Christianity, morality and justice —and the inalienable rights of humanity itself. The duty of the Press is to elevate the tone of public life, to fortify the sense of public honour, to brand a paltry and time-serving state-craft, to blow up political quackery and shams, to denounce tyranny, tear the mask from the leprous visage of hypocrisy, champion the rights of intelli- gence and reason, and trumpet the historic and eternal truth, that ignorance and despot- ism are national degradation and decay—in- telligence and freedom, prosperity and virtue. Does the age create the literature ? Yes. Cecils (sic) "English Murcurie " was a creation and a necessity of the times. It was pub- lished by royal authority for the prevention of false Reports. Philip of Spain and his political agents had circulated reports in tended and calculated to demoralize Eliza- beth's armies, and to damp the loyalty of her subjects. Thereupon this sagacious woman, perceived the power which an appeal to the mind of her subjects would give her, and to keep alive their zeal when England was threatened by the Armada, commanded her Secretary of State to issue far and wide a printed newspaper for the information and encouragement of her people. Nos. 50 and 51 chronicle all the proceedings connected with the advanced and repulse of the Spanish fleet. The Murcurie" did good service to the Queen and her ministers ; and then, in all probability, they both supposed, that the labour of the press as a political instructor of the people would terminated. But the example once set of using the press as commentator on the events of the day, it was inevitable that sooner or later the rulers would have printing opponents as well as printing eulo- gists. Accordingly we find that during the civil war between Charles I. and his Parlia- ment, the former employed Robert Barker of Newcastle to issue a paper in the royal interest, while Cromwell employed one Christopher Biggins of Leith in Scotland to oppose it by another. Though, several weekly papers were subsequently started by private persons, with more or less success, it was not until the reign of Queen Anne that the taste for that kind of reading became sufficiently general to encourge the publication of a daily paper. Probably there are more newspapers read in any one day of this year of grace than were read in the whole life time of that good Queen. Does the age create the literature ? Yes. Here is a man wistfully watching the steam spirting from the spout and jerking the lid of a kettle. This thought steals into his mind. There is a power in that steam, and that thought suggested the enquiry. Cannot that power be utilized, &c.; That question found a practical answer in the steam-engine, There is a poor, pale-faced, half- starved, uneducated, but intelligent and thoughtful boy, sitting in the dark roadway of a coal-pit to open the air-gates to the coal trucks. As the trucks pass to and fro, that poor lad con- ceives the thought that was father to the rail- way. Hence all the literature on steam ap- pliances and the mighty locomotive. And how largely that literature has contributed to modern invention, and affected the com- mercial character of the age, no philosopher can divine nor possibly conceive. There stands a man of mark intently observing the operations of an earth worm burrowing a sub- terranean passage to its secret home. And that little worm-engineer led Brunei to worm his dubious way under the river Thames from Wappiug to Rotherithe, and made him the greatest tunneling (sic) engineer of his day. And from that trivial circumstance the great library of the world received a large amount of useful literature on practical engineering, and now a sub-marine communication under the English channel between England and France is occupying the scientific thought of the first engineers of both nations. And to some the thing is so possible, and the event so probable, that they look upon it as a re- alized fact. But for that kettle and that coal truck, and that poor worm, the world might have been without that practical literature which has so largely contributed towards making it what it is this day. I was asked the other day by a well-read gentleman of considerable intelligence—"If the age created John Baptist " ? I was glad of that question because it affords me an occasion for making my first question more intelligible—"Did the age create John Baptist" ? I answer, No, he was a Divine creation—formed for and fitted to the age—but still we argue that the age—the character of the age—the per- fidy—the impiety—the infidelity of the age called from, his honest heart, the most sting- ing utterances that ever fell from the reprov- ing lips of man—utterances upon which God put his Divine imprimatur, saying let it be printed ! The same might with the strictest propriety be predicated of our great poet. The age did not create a Shakspere, but the historical character of the age inspired his genius, and moved his mighty mind to draw with the pencil of poetry in deepest colours of fact and truth pictures—literal photographs of men who had performed, or were perform- ing great parts on the theatre of life. Take for instance his incomparable description of Wolsey's fall. Can anything be truer to historic fact? That cardinals towering ambi- tion and tremendous abasement—his pride and humiliation were matters fresh on the pages of history. And to that history as a suggestive cause we are indebted for the finest poetry, and the grandest flashes of human eloquence in the world of poets. Does the literature form the character of the age ? Undoubtedly. The atrocities of Henry VIII, and the sacriligious (sic) church spoliations of Wolsey would be impossible in these days. Had there been a newspaper such as we now have, in the days of Henry, public opinion would have denounced the awful profligacy of the unblushing sensualist, and wife mur- derer. And probably Wolsey who pandered to the insatiable lust of his royal master had been saved from falling like Lucifer; But there was no newspaper to veto the beauty sacrificing lust of the flesh in the oue (sic), and the pride of life in the other. The character of our newspapers more than anything else forms the public character. They are become by their cheapness almost every man's daily portion. And in many in- stances little or nothing else is read from day to day, and all the year round. What a tre- mendous power for weal or woe is the newspa- per ! What that is, the people will be. Place the American press and the Americans side by side and one is the reflex—the counter part— the very image of the other. In America arose the practise of filling the newspapers with an enormous exaggeration—with a sort of sensational lie—which editors mistook for wit. "The big goosberries," and "the shower of frogs" paragraphs grew into attempts at exaggerated wit. The man who could run faster than a racehorse grew to him who could race with a "flash of greased lightning,." and outrun his own shadow." Now any one who knows what true wit is will at once see that this is not wit, and besides being useless, it is in effect vicious. It produces a general decay of truth and a boastful habit of exag- geration, for which the nation has grown famous and at which its best friends are truly grieved. Let editors ever remember that they hold the sacred office of teachers, and that they more than all the educational agencies of the world, are moulding the character of the age. "Polite literature will continue (says Forster)'' to be the grand school of intellectual and moral cultivation. The evils thereof, which it may contain, will as certainly affect in some degree the minds of successive students, as the hurtful influence of the climate, or the seasons-will affect their bodies." The literature of a people (says Dr Angas) is the collection of its thoughts and senti- ments. These thoughts and sentiments ex- press character, and they mould it. They are the outward sign of the genius of one generation, and they become the inward life of the following. Literature, therefore, is an expression of the state of society, add it is also its soul. It is the outcome of the mental life, and that life it quickens and regenerates; or that life it weakens and destroys. All great books—are precious in themselves, while they throw a double light on the times out of which they spring, and on the times they help to form. English literature repre- sents the tastes of the times, the changes the country has undergone, its advance in knowledge, its achievements in art, its triumphs over physical nature, its whole social being. It is, in short, the reflection of the, national life, an exhibition of the prin- ciples to which we owe our freedom and pro- gress; a voice of experience speaking for all I time, to any who are willing to hear. 