"THAT OLD RASCAL." IT. It was about 1744 that the great change in the Wesleyanism of Wesley became more manifest. Thus we find him in the Conference asking : — " Have we not leaned too much to wards Calvinism ? I am afraid we have; but wherein? In regard to man's faithfulness. We have received it as a maxim that a man is to do no thing' in order to justification. Nothing can be more false" So according to his own confession he had been teaching for ten years a doctrine than which " nothing can be more false." But now he set out to preach the Catholic doctrine that " man is to work for eternal life," a doctrine which, being the very death of a fanatical religious delusion, never suited the heretical disposition, and was least of all acceptable to the members of a sect remarkable always for perfect mmorti- fication, both of body and spirit. It was, therefore, soon flung aside for the easier and more flattering doctrines of " instantaneous and infallible justifica tion," of the "new birth," of the " breaking of chains," " deliverance from the prison house," " the robes of righteousness," and " the regions of liberty and light." In a word, the shrewd men of the sect, who intended that such a paying concern should last their time at least, put a speedy stop to any teaching that should enforce restraint, either of the passions of the body or of the deadlier licentiousness of the unbridled soul. Up to the year 1745 Wesley had professed himself a Church of England man, and had maintained that none but regularly- ordained clergy could admi nister any sacrament. But the incon venience of such a belief to one who received little or no encouragement from his own body soon persuaded him that the truth lay altogether 'on the other side. Thus we find him at an early date authorising his lay preachers to baptize, and giving- them facilities to administer the sacrament. In his " plan for a general pacification" we meet with the following most accommodating- clause:— " e The sacrament of the Lord's supper shall not be administered in . any chapel, except a majority of the trustees, stewards, and' leaders of that chapel are willing to permit it;' but in those chapels where it has been peaceably administered, particularly in Mount Pleasant Chapel, Liverpool, there it shall continue to be so administered." Yet this , very man declares in his journal (vol. ii. p. 329) : — "We believe it would not be right for us to administer either Baptism or the Lord's Supper, unless we had a commission to do so from those Bishops whom we apprehend to be in a succes sion from the Apostles, and yet we allow these Bishops are the successors of those who are dependants on the Bishop of Rome. There is an outward priesthood, and consequently an out ward sacrifice, ordained and offered by the Bishop of Rome and his successors or dependants in the Church of Eng land as vicars and vicegerents of Christ. This Papal hierarchy and prelacy, which still continues in the Church of Eng land, is of apostolical institution, and authorized by the written Word." The notions of the Methodism of to day in reference to the sacraments of Baptism and Penance are too well known to be dwelt upon. Suffice to say, that as to the former they are per fectly indifferent ; as to the latter, they denounce it as one of the devices of Satan, and a foul invention of Popery. It is true that they practice a sort of devil's confession of their own, when at their " band meetings" they whisper round the unpublished sins of their next door neighbors, and, for the " healing- of the stricken," murder reputations and Christian- charity at the same time. But do these whitewashed psalm- singing sinners know what was the belief of Wesley upon the points we are considering ? They do not, for he himself acted in these matters against' his own convictions. Doubtlessly they will be scandalized, but we cannot help it, for the miscreant's own words are before us—. " I believe till I was about 10 years old I had not sinned away that mashing of the Holy Ghost which was given me in Baptism ." Now for confession — " Who will deny that the duty of confession as a means of grace ordained by God, unless he will affirm with Luther, in the fury of his Solifidianism, that the Epistle of S. James is an epistle of straw ?" j At the risk of being tedious we venture upon a short explanation of Wesley's scheme, called the " chapel deed." Of this it has been said by one who is a convert from the sect, that "if the Methodists would but open their eyes to the imposture, Methodism would soon fall from its own weight." The Conference is the governing body among the Wesley ans. It has all the power, all the property, all the money. No chapel can be built apart from its concurrence, and this is granted only when the deed is effected in such a way as to make that new structure theirs and nobody else's. Every deed is exe cuted in the name of this grasping cor poration. When a chapel is required a number of moneyed men are picked out as the trustees. These are flattered into lending or giving or borrowing, on their credit, enough for the purpose in view. But the Conference gives the plan ; to the Conference is the building- secured, and instances are not wanting in which the unfortunate trustees have been threatened with legal proceedings for not clearing off debts which were not theirs, but had been incurred by chapels which, in a moment of blind folly, they had entered into an agree ment to raise according to the Confe rence system. Thus, to use the words of Mr. Mason, " the Conference is gaining- a large , in dependent property all over the Empii'e, and the people are completely under the thumbs of these men in regard to their chapels and their ministry." This is at least true of all except the " Inde pendent Methodists" and the " Wes- leyan Protestant Methodists," who some years ago cast themselves off from the Wesleyans on this very account, of what they justly enough call the tyranny of che Conference. The Protestant "Methodists" go so far as to accuse Wesley himself and the whole Methodist Conference of having (may we use the expressive but vulgar phrase?) "too long come the old soldier over them." Indeed, if we must tell the truth, it was no invention of ours the term " old rascal." It was (as he said) the far too weak desig nation which one who had suffered from the Wesleyan "straight tip," affixed to the founder of this gigantic swindle in a moment of righteous indignation. — Universe. 