MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS BY THE MAIL. The late Mr. Belle w was buried on the 25th June in St. Mary's Catholic cemetery, near Kensal-greea j the funeral was of the most simple character. Mr. Evelyn Bellew and his stepmother where the chief mourners, the two daughters of the deceased followed with a few private friends. The Claimant Again. — Mr. Whalley was sued in the Court of Queen's Bench by a fellow champion of the Claimant— Mr. Eust, of the Queen's Hotel, St. Martin's-le- Grand— for £100 advanced to the Defence tfuud. Plaintiff having alleged that the monev was advanced on MV V\ h alley's personal security, a verdict was given for the lull amount. Indian Famine Fund.— The Bengal Fa mine Relief Fund Committee met at the Mansion House on July 6tb, when it was reported that the total amount received waa L122,164, of which Lll0,000 had been sent to Calcutta, and L4500 spent in expenses. There appeared to be a general opinion that although it might not be advisable to make any further appeal to the people England, it was very desirable to keep the fund open as long as possible. The committee therefore decided to adjourn for three weeks. Sudden Death at a Love Feast.— At' a new connection love feast in Bethesda Chapel, Hauley, Staffordshire, on Sunday, as Mr. B*. Fowler, a lay representative, of Southport, was iiuuressing me congregation ne fell dead, having previously, to all appearance, been in good health. He was 51 years of age. The occur rence created great sensation. The Australian Meat Agency (Tallerman's) report :— ' There is no improvement to report in the demand for meats during the month ; the inquiry, however, continues steady ' and regular, pointing to permanency in its con sumption which there is every reason to believe will increase as colder weafchp.r HPfcs in T-ho imports of the month reached the large total of 33,474 cases ; the colonies contributing being as follows :— Victoria, 10,790 cases ; New Zealand, 13,547; New South Wales, 4130; South Aus tralia, 1145; America, 3858; total, 33,474 cases. Prices remain stationary, say — 41b and 61b mutton, 4f d to 4|d ; 41b and 61b beef 6d to 6£d, with no alteration in fancy meats, but parcels of South American beef are offered at lower rates.' A Fortunate Painter.— A young lad, who has been working as a painter in Austruher for the last twelve months, has, by the death of a distant relative, come into possession of property to the value of dearly £100,000. Superstition in Sthathbogie.— A few days ago, says the European Mail, July 10th, a farmer in Sthrathbogie — a worthy elder of the church, too — who had been very unfortunate with his cattle, was determined to counteract the spell wmen seemea vo nave been cast over them, and for that purpose gathered together an immense quantity of peats, &c;, and the last animal that died was buried therein, the pile lighted, and the whole consumed. Whether the burning had the desired effect or not we have yet to learn. This happened within a short distance of the ghost-haunted castle of Beldorney. Deaths by Drowning near Cork. — On Sunday evening three little girls were bathing in the river about a mile outside the city. They were not long in the water before they got beyond their depth, and they were all drowning when a lad about twelve years of age saw them and went to the rescue. He succeeded in saving one of the little girls, but the other two were drowned, he not being strong enough to save them. Suicides in Waterford. — There would ap pear to be a kind of suicidal mania in Water ford just now. A month ago a man named Shaw attempted to destroy his life by the agency of poison. Oa Mooday his mangled remains were found on the line at the Water ford terminus on the Limerick and Central Ireland Railway. One Mullaley, on selfde struction bent, jumped from Waterford Bridge into the Suir oa the same day, but he was rescued. A Sad Story. — A telegram from Claremorris, County Mayo, reports a tragic occurrence. A vounfr man named London attenuated to commit suicide by stabbing himself. His mother, who witnessed the act, immediately dropped lifeless. The son has been lodged in gaol charged with at tempted suicide and accelerating the death of his mother. The death is announced of the Rev. D. Foley, D.D., of the diocese of Cashel. He waa pro fessor of the Irish language in the University of Dublin, and when the Irish Church Bill was first proposed, he travelled through England for nearly two years making the most strenuous efforts to arouse public opinion against it. His exertions to this end nearly exhausted his strength, aod then his health gradually failed. At the time of his death he was fifty-nine years of age. Sir Richard Musgrave, Bart. — We learn from Ireland that Sir Richard Musgrave, Bart., of Tourin, died on July 8, at Cappoquin, county Wateiford, from a pistol shot wound, inflicted, it is said, by himself. The late baronet was born in 1820, and married, in 1845, Fiances Mary, daughter of Mr. John Ashton Yates, and has issue one son, born in 1850, and four daughters. Mr. Peter Ward, brother ofgDr. Ward M.P., is dead. He was drowned whilst bathing at Blackrock, and though his brother risked his life to save him, he merely succeeded io bring, ing him in alive, as he died in a few minutes afterwards. The Senate op Dublin University.— On June 20, at the annual meeting of the senate of Trinity Colltge, special graces were proposed for conferring tue degree Honoris Causa upon Major-General Sir Garnet Wolseley aud Pro fessor Cairns, professor of political economy iu London University, and who formerly held a similar chair in the University of Dublin, ' and Queen's College, Belfast. m The Betting Nuisance. -Ireland is included in the recent Acts passed for the suppression of Turf gambling and its incidental agencies, bcotland, also, can no longer offer sanctuary to the benevolent seers who know the result of every race beforehand, or who, when acting in a fiduciary capacity for subscribers, can place five sovereigns bo judiciously on horses as to convert the five into fifty, or five hundred, as the case may be. ANNIVERSARY OP THE POPE'S ELECTION. - wj T Tec*ve? the CoUeue of Cardioals on Wednesday. Cardinal Patrizzi, in the name of ?'- ? — '~b~, auuicaaeu. congratulations to his Holiness, on the anniversary of his election to the Papal Throne. The Holy Father after wards received the noble Guards, the former officers of the Pontifical army, and several loreign and Italian families —florae News. Ill iiinmi n«» ????? 1. 1, ? 