TOOWOOMBA CIRCUIT COURT. (Uoforo Mr. Juslioo Lilloy. . Monday. July 27. Tho wiiitor siltiug of this Court was oponed in Toowoomba on hromlay last, tho following rgn| tloinou boing present j— Tlio Hon._tlio Au«j|-m,v- Gonoral," tho Crown Solicitor, und tlio .lion 1- Prmg. Messrs. E. "W. Fechoy and W. Crawford ivcro sworn In as mngisiratos of tho territory. John llnrt was charged that, at Ciuummulla, 011 ili0 81st May last, ho did commit an abouiiimblo and unlawful orimo. Tho ovidonco givon by Mr. F. Lord, Btore-keciiur of Ounuapiulla, und by Senior-CoiiBtablo Brno, wag of n moagro description, and tho jury roluriiori a verdict of not guilty, Philip Milwrick was charged that, at Quilbuvy station, on tho 11th May last, ho did folonimulv shoot at — with intent to kill— ono Sampson, a South Scalslandor; a eocornl c unt charged tho prisouer with maliciously wounding the said Sampson. Mr. Pring, Q.C., for llio prisonor. A jury boring boon sworn, tho Attorney Generul oponed tlio oase WtlUam Binge doposod : In May Just I was in tho omploy of Mr. Geary, of Quilhury station; ouibo morning of tho lllh Moy I was in tho hut with Sampson and tho prisonor j Sampson and prisoner had on oltorcntion about somo breakfast 5 Satuiuou outna for his breakfast, aud I gavo it to liim; |0 camo a littlo timo aftorwards and nskod for mora ; prisonor said, " Do not giro him any more I j ' pliod, "Sampson is working with mo, and I w'll food him Sampson thon turned to prisonor, and said, "Vou havo nothing to do with mo, too inucbco you starve tho othor blackfellow — I am Jacky's mule and I will tako Ids part;" an altercation followed; / Sampson wns cutting his bread and beef; Iig lid up tho knife in his hand, and'snid,. "By tlio Holy Ghost old man if you go on liko that I will cook you;" I told Sampson to goout of tlio liut ; both Sampson aud prisonor loft tho hut, prisoner sayiug, " I will dofona mysolf ho wont to liis own hut and brought out a doublo barrelled gun; ho returned to tlio hut carrying tlio gun with tlio hult on his hip ; Sampson was standing near tho doorway outsido (no hut; liis shirt was opon at tlio breast auu ho told prisonor to "firo;" ho said, "I am not frightonod, supposing vou shoot mo I dio 5" prisoner thon walked into tbo liut ; Sampson said, " You gob gun, I got gun too;" ho wont down to tho nbori giuals' camp and brought up a gun ; ho carno to tbo door of tho hut and looked in ; ho said, " Now old man you shootr I'm ready"; Sampson wont back- wards frOm tho hut into tho road with tho gun pre sented at prisonor; tho prisonous gun was presented at Sampson at tho ramo|limo ; I wus standing between tho two in tho lino of firo ; I moved 011 ono side, and Sampson movod with mo ; from this position I could not see prisoner as he stood in tho door, but I could soo about oigliteon inches of tho barrel of tho gun; Sampson cauio towards mo, and I put out my hand to tako hold of his gun when prisoner fired ; Sampson turned towards mo; tho balk of tho chargo passed botweon mo and Sampson ; wo woro about eighteen iuoboe opart ; prisonor was not ono of tlio station hands; hCT usually lmd his meats -at tho hut, but did nob livo thoro ; when prisonor fired Sampson fell ; I oxamined him aftorwarus ; a great many shots lmd pierced his throat and breast, nud tho collar of his shirt was shot away ; sliols had passed through the gullet ; I gavo liim drink, and a portion came through tbo gullet; I oxamined- Sampson's gun aflur llic occurrence 5 it was noilber charged- nor capped ; I also oxamined prisoner's gqn ; tlio loft lmnd b imd was discharged, and tho right lmnd was charged. Cross-examined by Mr/Pring : Quilbury is an out stat ion of Clavcrton Downs ; Sampson and on abori ginal woro sorvants of Mr. Geary, Sampson being engaged iu fencing with tno, and tho aborigiual wiu employed in looking aftor liorsos;- land Sampson - used to come homo Saturday nights nnd go back on Monday; tho shooting took placo on Monday; I novor told prisonor tliat Sampson aud tlio nborigiuol lmd a down on liim ; tho rations wo woro using wero not tho property of tho prisonor ; prisoner said oa tho Sunday that tho aboriginal was nob working and ho would nofcvgivo luin rations; I cannot say whether Sampson wantod to toko tlio food to tho aborigiual ; Sampson had takon liis breakfast ; ho might hare wantod more j I am 110 judgo of his appctito ; pri soner said, in tho courso of tho altercation, " If you giro mo any of your lip I .will shoot you Sampson John Jrioxandcr Stacoy doposod : On tho lllh Mny last I was at Quilbury ; I saw prisoner and Sampson quarrelling on that day; I saw prisonor standing at tho door of tho hut with a gun in his lmnd, and Sampson outsido with a knife iu liis hand ; I beam Sampson say to prisoner, " Gomo outsido, you uld — , and I will rip your guts out prisoner went iusido, ho did not como outsido ; I thou saw Sun p son go lo his camp aud fotoh a singlo barrelled guu ; ho stood in front of tho door ; ho said, Sposo you no shoot I shoot 'cm you within a minuto a gmj was fired from tho inside of tho hut j I was behind my waggon whon tho firing took placo ; after tlio gun was flrod I saw Sampson stagger ; thoro woro a fow scratches on tho chin and throat; there wns a littlo wound on tho oh in, which I fancy wns ciunrd by tho wind from tho shot : tho skin was grazed off ; tuo grazing was caused by tho wind. Oross-oxamiued by Mr. Pring s Sampson was 111 ft groat passion when ho was flourishing the knife ; 4 prisonor novor .camo outsido tho hut after I first noticed tho disturbanco ; ho might havo gono for . his gun previously. 'Drill wns flin nnsn fnr Mm drawn. Mr, Pring then delivered on ablo ond pertinent speech in tho prisoner's dofenee, ond llis Honor summed up in his usuallv oloar and conoiso manner, tho utmost silonco prevailing during tlio delivery oi tho ohargo. Thojury then retired, and after an absence of fire minutes, returned with a verdict of not guilty. Riolmrd William Williams was thon cnarg<nim'i on tho 10th April Inst, at Roma, ho did fcloiiioufiv sot firo to a awolling houso, in which at tlio timo of tho firing woro John Kanty, Ann ICanty, and Jolm Simpson, A second count charged tho prisoner wiln sotting firo to tho houso, Tho prisonor was undofonded, , William Ilenry Nonkcs doposod 1 On tho I'1 April last I was in tho yard of Kauty's hotel, ltoum ; I know tho prisonor ; I saw prisoner in "ie yard about half-past 1- o'olook on tho aflornoou of tliut doy ; I. was leaning on tho fonco of the ynni whon I lioarii footsteps, and saw prisonor rumm'G ooroas tho yard ; whon I saw him first ho hud in baok towards tho stablo ; ho was about liolf-w ny aorGS's tho yard at tho back of tho kitohen ; ho going from tho promises in tho direction of tt'c street 1 I looked towards tho public houso and saw suioko coming through tho sliingloa at tho point wlioro tho roof rested on tho wall-pinto ; I wu tho placo wlioro I saw smoke, and found tho bedunig and papor lining on firo ; tho curtains hurl been consumed ; there wob a great crowd- of people in tho houso ; tho stables aro built ond on to tlio houso. , -riFrodorick Simpson doposod; I was at Kanty hotel on tho 19th April last; I had a con vernation with prisonor about 11 o'clook in tho morning ; R« said ho had givon Mr. ICanty a flvo pound uoto whioh ho had only roooivod chango for ono.po»nni ho said ho cbnsidorod himself robbed by Mr. and that ho would do him a sorious injury before n loft lloroa ; I latighod at him as I thought J10 w only joking ; a firo broke out on tho promises in in aftomoon ; -I assisted in putting tho firo out j a pw tion of tlio paper- hanging, tho bedding, and furinlnre was burnt. . Oross-oxaminod by prisoner 1 Tho convorsa»' _ occurred undor tho vorandah; Kanty was- in v bar ; I do riot know whoro you woro whon the 11 broko out. ' f .John Kanty deposodi i am a hotol-kcopor resmi s in Roma; prisonor was in my houso. on the 10 April last; a firo took plaoo In tho liolol on I morning of tho 10th ; I saw tho fire first, from 1 — stablo ; I ran to tho houso and raw my wifo j"1. man trying to put but tho firo ; tho bods, llio 11,1 » jof tho room, tho'walls, and tho shingles wero. .on » tho bedroom was situatod In tho contra oF-tlw-JJ1 11 . ing; from iuformutioii I roooivod I went imer 1 doner on horseback, and I overtook bim on tho saw mill road; I said to him, " "Williams, you sab my liouso on firo, what did you do ib for ;" betook off' Ids coat, and said ho would mako up tho damogo in a month ; a mau namod Glcoson was with m« nt tlio timo ; prisonor wont bnok with mo and I gavo him in ohargo to Constahlo Carrol. Oross-oxaminod by prisonor: You bought a suit of clothes and q watch at my houso that day ; you had dinnor, nnd.nftorwnrds wont to tho bedroom that was afterwards discovered on firo ; I did nob sou you go into tho-bodrootn myself. A ... Daniol Glooson deposed t I was nt Kunty's on tho day of tho firo ; I saw prisonor thoro in tho morning; I saw him nt M'Konnu s public hoifBO nftor tho firo ; I said to him, " Is it truo that you sot Kanty's house on firo ho replied " No it is not ;" I told him ho had bottor go back' and sco Knnty, but ho saij ho would not ; I wont and told Knnty of tho circutn- stanco, and in company with hitn I wont in pursuit of prisonor, ho was uftorwurds takon iu custody by Constablo Carrol. Constablo Carrol deposed to tho apprehension of prisonor, and totho condition of tho bedroom aftor tlio firo had boon extinguished. This was tho caso for tbo Grown. His Honor having carefully raviowad tlio cvidcnco and explained tho law of tho caso, tho jury retired at halt-past 4 o'olock, and returned at twenty minutes to 6 with a verdict of not guilty. Tho Court thon adjournod. 