Intercolonial News. The latest items of Intercolonial News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. Our Sydney Letter. SYDNEY, May 23. THE Electoral Act Amendment Bill has, thanks to the pertinacity of the Colonial Secretary, escaped the many threatened dangers of the Lower House, and been read a third time. Several feeble attempts were made to obtain the recommittal of the bill, with a view to amend certain objectionable clauses, and especially those referring to aliens and insolvents. Mr. Forster made a powerful but ineffectual appeal to hon. members against hurrying the passage of a bill, as he said, so crude, full of blunders, and only partially considered. The Government* however, proved too strong, and the third reading was carried by a majority of more than three to one. Whether Mr. Samuel will be as fortunate in the Upper House remains to be seen, for it must be remembered that in the Council Mr. Parkes reigneth not supreme. Mr. Docker—believing, I suppose, that in the multi tude of counsellers there is safety—has moved that all members not absent on leave should be requested by the President to attend on Wed nesday next, the day fixed for the second read ing of the bill; a " roll up" of the old boys may therefore be anticipated. Various are the sur mises as to the object that Mr. Docker has in view in thus attempting to make a full House, whether to take a firm and determined stand against the bill or to pass it through its several stages with as much expedition as {tossible, cer tain it is though that if Mr. Docker means war to the knife he will be signing his own death warrant, for the bill has been passed by a very large majority of the representatives of the people, and is generally regarded as a measure of very considerable importance ; any attempt to offer any serious opposition to it by the members of the Legislative Council will be resented not only by Mr. Parkes and the Lower House, but by the people themselves. Mr. Terry's Garroting Suspension Bill has been read a second time. Some little opposition was at tempted, and Mr. Parkes thought the House was acting precipitately in legislating for the one or two cases of garroting that had taken place. He also characterised the punishment of flogging as the most barbarous that ever existed. At all events, the "cat" carries a wholesome dread with it, and during the good old garroting days in England,proved theonlyreallyefficacious remedy. Mr. David Buchanan moved the adjournment of the House last evening for the purpose of draw ing attention to a proposal that had been made to place a bust of \he late Rev. John West, for many years editor of the S. M. Herald, in the Public Library. The hon. member for the Western Gold-fields took occasion to make one of those speeches, replete with abuse and slanderous insinuations, for which he has estab lished so unenviable a reputation for himself. Messrs. Forster, Robertson, Parkes, and Cooper spoke in strong condemnation of the course pur sued by the hon. member; Mr. Cooper particularly pointed out that it was an instance of the blackest ingratitude, for that Mr. Buchanan had, at the instance of Dr. West, been released from prison, where he was consigned as the result of a prosecution for uttering a gross libel against that gentleman. In reply, Mr. Buchanan described the hon. member for East Macquarie as a "mongrel play-wright," "melodramatic mountebank," and "blatant blockhead," and, having exhausted his vocabulary of alliterative and abusive adjectives, resumed his seat. Several hon. members displayed their great classical attainments by the use of the old Latin proverb, "de wortui* nil niri bonum" though one gentleman persisted in a new read ing—udt viortiut nil ni*i bouum" —which is hardly as acceptable, although to the majority of our legislators quite as intelligible. To any of your readers at all inclined to " sup full with horrors," let me commend the last dying speech and confession of the notorious John Hawthorne. As " Toad-in-the-Hole " has it,—" Here's something like a murder!— this is the real thing—this is genuine— this is what you can approve, can recommend to a friend: this is the thing that ought to be ! Such works are enough to make us all young." According to De Quincey, " Toad-in-the-Hole" would have given up the ghost had it not been for a particular " regene ration of art " that very opportunely occurred at that time; but I much doubt if any murders were carried out then with such " pleasing circumstances of good taste" as that connoisseur of murder—John Hawthorne —has contrived to impart into the consumma tion of his most vile outrages. For a length of time this bloodthirsty and inhuman monster has been carrying on his cruel calKng with singular success. Hawthorne has certainly confessed to having committed four murders, but it is gene rally believed that other and similar outrages have been perpetrated by hi"i, To tie or strap his victims to saplings in some lonely part of the bush, and then to deliberately cut their throats by degrees—not with a "happy dispatch," but inch by inch and bit by bit—appears to have been for a length of time the peculiar penchant of this chief of bloodthirsty ruffians. The body of a Chinaman was found List year in the bush near Grenfell strapped to a tree, the throat of the unfortunate man having been hacked or cut in the most scientific manner, and, according to his own confession, by Hawthorne. Other bodies have also been found near Forbes, Young, and Adelong, all bearing traces of the same fiendish handiwork. Hawthorne was hanged on Tuesday last at Goulburn in company with Glover. Burglars and garrotters are still carrying on their lawless pursuits in this good city of ours. Successful attempts have been already made upon two jewellers' shops, although nothing of any very great value was taken, the safes in both instances proving too much for picklocks and false keys. In my last I mentioned the captnre—a very clever one, too—of three burglars caught in the act by the detectives. One of them, Walsh, is a gentleman of not very respectable antecedents or connections, and I hear that the New Zealand Government were so anxious for his safety that they offered a reward for intelligence of his whereabouts. He haa the honor of being a brother or half- brother of Sullivan, the New Zealand murderer, who is now tn route for England, and is not, as was reported, in this colony. Two or three cases of street stickiug-up have occurred lately ; the victims in e;ieh instance being treated to* a somewhat over-liberal dose of Thuggist ameni ties. The reformed Gardiner still continues to attract much notice, and frequent are the ques tions asked in the House upon the subject of his release. Mr. Parkes has definitely informed the House that the promise has actually been made by the Governor, and that Gardiner has been officially informal of it by the Sheriff. Mr. Raphael has quite settled the question, for he has publicly stated that if Gardiner i* set free instead of fifty garroters we should have five hundred, and instead of ninety member* in the House we should have only nine. Rather rough this on the part of Mr. Raphael upon a gentle man bearing so high a character as Frank Gar diner, Esq. Wagga Wagga is still keeping up it* reputa tion for the production of marvellous claimants. Already two have figured somewhat prominently in the persons of Arthur Orton and Thomas Maher. To each of these gentlemen the attrac tion of a large landed property, together with a goodly sum of money in the bank, has proved an irresistible inducement to set themselves up a* real genuine heira-at-law. Another claimant from Wagga Wagga has recently made his appearance, though certainly his claims are of a slightly different nature. A i>arty by the name of Spiller, hailing from Wagga Wagga, aged sixty-two—taking advantage of Mr. Buchanan's Divorce Act—has lately been endeavoring to " cut the painter" between himself and Mrs. Spiller, also aged sixty-two, the cause of differ ence between the hitherto happy though slightly aged couple being one Bonnett, who, despite his age, has been unfortunately addicted to Don Juanisin. The case is shortly to be heard, so I must not write here on the interesting subject; it Li however only another instance of the truth of the adage " no fools like old fools." Quite a grand military spectacle, though on a very limited scale, did our citizen soldiers pre sent hat evening as they marched for the seat of war in the west. Fond wives were there shed ding any amount of tears ; little snub-nosed— and dirty withal, at is the fashion of the snub- nosed—children were there crying loodly far their soldier sires, and only to be comforted by lolly-sticks; sweethearts, too, there were in plenty, whispering sweet nothings to their red coated lovers, while loots and larrikins escorted our brave army to the railway station. For my part, I envied them not, for a preciouß cold time they are likely to have of it during their encampment at Campbell-fields. They all looked surprisingly jolly and contented, so I suppose playing at soldiers in the tented field is not such a bad thing in its way. Any how, it was charming to see such patriotism and abnegation of self displayed by the youth of our colony, though I could not help wondering how they would shape if a real live enemy were close at hand. Anyhow, the departure of the Volun teers was a sight to be remembered, and touched the hearts of many a Sydney and suburban nurse-girL 