WE' THREE. from all the year round! Chapter ri\— (conclusion). ' 1 My husband left me at bchwalbach, after see ing me settled in a quiet lodging with my maid. All throughout the journey he had beeu' silent and downcast. He had grown thin, and had lost the look of bright vigor which was formerly his \- 'most striking characteristic. He was restless, too. He would go out alone, to take long walks, from which he returned pale, weary,: and un- refreshed. We travelled by short stages, for I was still weak. But at length that dreary jour- neyuame to an end, The last day, on the evening before George was to leave me, I said to him> " Will j ou let me know where to. address a letter 'to yon, George ? I shall have to write to you." He started, and looked sharply round at me, as be answered, " Let you know where to write ? Of course. What a question !" ' '' . " I suppose you will not spend .a very long time en route ?" ' " I shall travel as fast as I can go, night and ' day." As he said it, he rose up and walked to the window, as though he were impatient to be gone at once. He was Jikri a- creature cramped \- in a cage, that longs to stretch its limbs in freedom. I- " 1 am sorry," said I, " that yoii should have "!;,had to make this slow; irksome journey with ' me. I would not have suggested earning with you, if I had not had a certain object iu view.'.' He was still standing at the window, with his face-turned away from me. "Have I complained of the slowness of the /journey?" he said, iriitably. " Why do you \- make these indirect reproaches," Desiree ?" ' " I make ho reproaches. It is very natural that you' should have found' this journey utterly \- -wearisome and depressing." George put his ;faand up to his head, and sighed out; under his r .breath; "Ah— h— hi I'm. so tired qf it all !" Yes ; he was " tired of it all.'' "I knew ibait- lie wa3 so. Well— it should end. In my solitude— I was very solitary ; it was yet early in the sum? qiCr and the place wak nearly empty of' strangers r-iny resolution grew and strengthened itself.- I' was getting rapidly- stronger. And .witli return-? ing strength grew the desire for action and om-: ployincnt. I could no longer sit and stare at the blue sky. for hours at a stretch, a3'I had done in the first days of my recovery. ' I bad made up my mind to write aletter to George. But I had not decided on what day I would write it, nor even very precisely the words I should.usq. I was clear as to what I would say, but all uncertain as to how I should say it. One morning I went out, alone, as usual, and after walking a little way through the woods, l3at down at the. foot. of:, a great beech tree,- and looked along an avenue, all full of soft green light— like the light which . comes through sea- water— filtered through the ' fresh young foliage. -At first Isaw the trees, and the leaf-shadows dappling their silver stems and : trembling and.changing as a little breeze blew fit fully. But soon .it. was a very different vision I was contemplating. It was the /vision of three; past years, whose "months and days passed by in; procession. And'I looked at them, "as they came! one by one out of the dim caves of. memory, as- at a picture being slowly unrolled ;before me. . I saw it, all. like a revolution ! I saw! George Lester as he first came into mv, father's 'house, handsome, smiling; joyou3 : taking all the good things of this -life which fell to his share, ai easily I -and as lightly; as though,. showers. of good, things, wore as common as rain. "He was -prosperous, strong, self-confidents To him, the utterances of a soul perplexed by the great problems of this mysterious existence in -whiofi it- finds itself seemed as meaningless as the inarticulate mur-. murs of, one talking in his sleep.- Indeed his answer to .such utterances was always",' in effect, "Come, c'ome; wake up ! You're dreaming." Then to this bright, cheerful creature, to whom life was such a pleasant thing, undimmed by any shadow from the sorrows of .other people, I. saw linked— myself, to be his comrade in .the march through life"!." When I he'oame. George 's w.ifej he expected/no doubt, to see me brighten aiid glow like a flower in the sunshine. He took 'it for' granted— as. he took for granted that all .things pleasant to. him would and must happen ; they ; seemed so natural !— that our w.eddeu. life was .to . !be epitomised in the story-book sentence'" so' they married, and lived happy over after." ,He,' bad an exaggerated estimate of my intellect and attainments. But at the same time he regarded me with that sort of indefinite pity, which, the doer so often feels for the thinker. And. his ad-! miration and his compassion combined to makq' up the sentiment which had impelled him to marry me. He would be so kind to, aud so fond of, " poor little Desiree," that she would bo a3 happy as the day was long. a And, of course, he would be happy too. " I do not'.'think that he ever was troubled with a doubt on- that subject. How clear it all seemed' to me now,: as; I 'looked back 1 Motive, and expectation', and failure,' all seemed to be explained, now that it was. too, late.; "Too late !" The thought made, me spring; to. my feet with a sudden impulse.' ! I 'nastene'd homo, and sat down at cnce, witheut'fause 6r de- libei-ation, to write to George. ' So',- and -to qnly, must that letter be written. I have if .'hero.' be fore me. It was returned fo me, with other Eapers— afterwards. This is my letter We ave been very unhappy, George. Ido not' know that we were either of us much to blame. Let us part. The past car.n'at he undone. But why should all the rest of your life be clouded by the shadow of my sadness ? Let us part. Do you Know why I sent away Amy Bent before I left England? It was because I had already the fixed idea that I should never return to my homo there. And I wished to know that she was safe in kind hands. I have been so sorry, for you, George. It is only since I have seen how happy and joyous you might liavo been in the society of a woman congenial to you, that I have understood what a fatal error I made in consenting to be your wife. I will repair it as far as may be. Let us part. I could not speak to you of this while you were still with me. But now that I have once declared openly what has been long in my heart, I feel that I "shall bo able to' talk to you freely. When your business is accomplished, come back to this place, and let us consult to gether as friends. In this country we may bo able to arrange our separation so as to give you i»il, absoluto freedom — freedom to be happy in your own way. That is what I wish. Believe it, George. Believe that what I now say is the simple truth, unminglecl with ahy bitterness of feeling. Although I am' now writing as rapidly as the pen will move over the paper, yet this act, so quickly accomplished, is the result of slow de liberation. I have pondered loog, before yield- in" myself up to this project. But now.it isab- solute master of my life, and must be obeyed. Write to me, I pray of you, with the same sin cerity which I have used! towards you. You may trust me." I had reckoned how miny days must elapse before I could receive an answer to this letter ; and I had made ! up my mind to wait patiently for "it. - How I passed those days of waiting is soon' tola, as regards my external life. ' :But of -' the agitation of .my miud;; the; -fluituat.ifig conjectures I made, as ,, to .what/, wouia be -George's line of /conduct; - the painful doubt and darkness I was in; respecting tlie spirit in which- he had received'my letter— of alhthis I can' give no coherent account. . At length, and nearly as' soon as I had calculated that it wa3 possible, came' a letter from George. I locked the door : of my room, and sat down to read it. I had a strange, sensation of the unreality and intangibility of all the objects around me, as I sat there. alone, tear-' ing open the cover of the letter, which . I am : unable to describe,- hut which- 1 well, romember. I scarcely felt the paper between my fingeis. My feet seemed to rest on'clouds rather than on the solid floor of the room. And when I had unfolded the pages of the letter I did not see what was written on them for ;a long while; or for, what seemed to me a long while. At length I read — ! this : "You' know I 'am not good at writing, Desiree. I cannot express myself as well as you do, who are cle'ver. with your pen as yoii are clever; at everything. But I must try to answer yoii as well as I can. For although .1 shall come back! to Schwalbach as soon as possible, yet I shall not be able; to get away before the end of'tho month, and I must not leave you without an answer all that time. Desiree. -when I married .you. Heaven ' knows I was as fond of you as man could be, and I wished to make you happy, aud I put you beforo all the world in my mind. But I soon found that y ou were not happy and contented. You despised all my friends, you bated my cpuntry, and you treated me like an oaf, who could be pleased with good dinners, but didn't understand anything higher. J -am not as clever and intellectual as you are, Desiree, but I was not too stupid to under stand all that. And I am not saying all these things to reproach you. -Only to justify myself. I don't think I was. rash. I had patience. I made allowances for you. I made allowances for your foreign bringing up, and for your finding English ways and people strange at first. But first and last was all the same. The truth is, you did not love iup, That was the real cause of all the trouble. It took a long time to convince me of it. I didn't want "to be convinced. But you showed me so plainly that I -was no companion for you that at last I went out among my friends, and found kind looks and pleasant words. As to affection, I had to do without that. You say you have been ' so sorry for me.' Well, there was cause. ; But I, too; was sorry for you. . I was. not bitter or angry .sa much as sorry, Desiree. /And I would have dons anything on earth to make your life brighter. ButTcould riot go ori' loving -you as I had loved you at first. - It was' riot' possible. .You tell me to speak sincerely, and I will. But 'I/know all the time I"am not saying riiy thoughts and feelings exactly as they arc, because I am not .good at putting tbeni out in writing. Atld besides .that, my head is confused now. I have been , badgered By business matters here; and have been out all. day in the. sun. And I feel a gobd '-deal knocked up. But I must just'' sajf this tfoijl :in answer to your letter. If at the end of 111? ihonlli whenvl come. baek. to Schwalbach/ yoji are still iu\ the same mind, thinking that it' will be best for us to part, so let it be. I don't wish to keep you Chained to my side, to your sorrow aiid /discon tent. But 03 to what you say about my .being ' absolutely free to he bappy 'in my own way,- , there- can be-' no such freedom and happiness for'- ( me as you are meaning. I must bear my own burden.' I suppose other- folks have as- heavy - ones... But I .could not do such a wrong to an. innoebnt woman— supposing there- was' any one who, would he willing to make the sacrifice for iae ; andff don't know that there is any one who would, do it. I could not .do .any confiding crea ture such a wrong as to puther in the vacant placo you wiH leave' in my koine, "arid expose. hor, to " contempt' and, cold looks. AJtboughyou -. have so much book. learning, Desiree.. you don't know- the world' as well as:I - do.'" At all 'events' you don't know'. the English world .so well, ...One, great reason why I was so anxious to come abroad. , on" I this business that lam looking' after . was .to. get away from the risk of bringing trouble arid talk on.iunocent heads. --.Aud,' indeed, when you told mp that you had'made thatarrangement with the Giilferts, £ was not surprised, ana I felt you were rigid. 1 No/no/ Desiree, it is. hard enough "that yOunndl should be unhappy without dragging others into ouf ffiis'ery; My aeti'ong "are in my own: power, whatever my feejings.may be, ... I feel thahl have not said half that I .want to . say, and yCt iny letter is twice as.long.as yours. But mv hdad 7- is gelling worse, and I must leave off. Don't write back again tome. It i's rid use' writing. I Shall bo inSchwalbach by the end of the month." :TKe letter was begun hrGnorge's free, bold hand writing, with great broad, strokes, .and line's as straight as the furrow-mado by a strong, skilful ploughman. But long before the end of it was rtfacbcd the letters wavered, arid grew indistinct. ,-Arid the lines slanted -'crookedly here and there. .Ho was ill. He ill-! George'Lestcr, who seemed . to bear/an atmosplioro.of health: and vigor aborit 'with' him ! But, when he left me, he, was looking ! thin and pale and haggard. ! He aid not . seem' to ih'avclosthisstrbrigth. Hejcould walk on andtrainp for miles in all weathers. But he wa's not him self. " And -now this . headache — this confession, on hiii own part/ .that be was feeling .very /much knocked up — — ! ...The last lines of the letter seemed to .efface; in my mind all that had gone , /before thein. . .I'coald thiak'of nothing but those words, - " My head is confused,- I-have hoen a good : deal badgered with business matters, arid I feel knocked .up;" And, again, "My. head is getting woi-se; arid I must leave off." I "was still sitting, holding the letter in my hand, with my eyes fixed on the almost' illegible characters of the last page, when: there came a hurried knooking at the door of ;the: room. "Madame, madame, here is a telegram !" cried a voice outside. With trembling fingers I opened the door,, and ;took .from the hands of my maid a telegraphic despatch. It was fromiPesth, sent. by some one whose name was unknown to me, and contained- these words in German, " George.Le3ter very ill -at . this hotel. Friends are requested to communicate at once with/landlord." In less than two hours I was ori mw Wnr fn PnaMr T f.-ro vallnrl mUliAtii . "wj., . vi-mivituu rf uuyuv iuvb; cessation than was necessitated By the hours of departure of tho trains. When I was forced to wait at a slation, I walked up and down Instead of resting. My inaid slept, wrapped in her shawl, ou, .the sofas of waiting-rooms, . in the railwiy carriages'- or wlre're she coi\ld. -I did r riot sleep until'we were within a "few hours of our journey s end; .when" I fell-'iftto a deep slumber, from which I. was with;! difficulty' roused on arriving at our. deqtinatioC.-;Wriri4/.Nl«|raphed''to the hotel that' I -yak o.n my- way,' arid" I was expected. The larid- lord-rraet:me:asj I alightbd 'from the carriage at the inridOor/ari'd/ speakiug: in: Frerioli, told, me that the/e'was Ho.improyomcnlr in Mr. . "Lester's condition/hat' !ie'/-riris/stiir alive! " S'till "alive !' Th'e wordsriul/me like'a knife., " " Does7" Ke- know' that I ' am coining ?" I aske'd.-',. - i . . "Ah, no, madame. He knows nothing. He has brain ferer, ami-is out of his mind altogether. Whbri he, is no.fc ra'viug, he is'in a, sort. of stupor. I am- very glad you have bomb; madame. Wo do what wo can ; but it is a great respcmibility and a great anxiety in a- house of this kind." Ami then he went ou with a string of complaints, and spoke as if he were injured by my husband having fallen ill in his house. " Whilst Be was speaking the doctor came in. a coarse-faced, heavy man" with a morose brow. He did not think it neces sary to soften whdt! he. had to say to roe, because I was the patient's wife,. but 'gave his . report of the case in tbe'piaine3 terms. It all seemed very norrioio co me. Tne men were so unmoved, so unfbeling. Both landlord and doctor seemed .chiefly bent, on magnifying thoir own trouble and responsibility. Y e t, I could not but acknowledge that/the: had done what was needful for- my husband. A nurse had been provided to' watch him.-- .. "Soine people Would havesent the gentleman to the hospital," said the landlord ; " but, rial was assured his malady was not infectious, 1 let ' him remain." "It. seems, to me,"- I said/ turning on hiin . almost fiercely,/"that'-you liave done'nothing but , what can be "paid for.immo'riey. /Byrgoocl fortune, : I am able to pay. Continue' to do all in your power for my husband, and Lsbnll not count the : cost/ You can make this known to all the servants :in your establishment. It may stimulate their ; huinanify!" The man bowed, arid shrugged -his shoulders deprecatingly. He would do all that . was possible, he said. . "When may I see him ?" I asked of the doctor,' who had stood by: watching me in silence. , ' ' ".Oh, whenever you like," he answered oare- .lessfy. " He/won't know you. Itwillmake-.no difference.. '/..Only you must keep auiet." My- maid,-' who had been standing at my elbow, crying : ; in a fCeble manner, (arid -'not urideratariding ai syllableofwhat wa beitig said, notv perceived: i tnatT.was about to move away aftor tho doctor, and begged 'me, to take some rest and refresh- , ment before, going into the !. sick / ropm. Bub " I would not pause then." "I will eat -afterwards," I saia. '-"" And now I do' not' feel tired." It was true, I did riot. AU fatigue 'Seemed to. have fallen off . me like a! garment. I followed the doctor down a long: corridor.:- Without any preliminary word, of! caution he opened the door of a room at the end! of it; and I saw my husband. His bed faced the doon He was lying in it with wide open eyes; raised to about the level of my face, ana when I' entered, they-seemed to flx themselves on me with a fierce glare! His face wa3 flushed and haggard. His blue eyes glittered/as they looked full into, mine/- How terrible it was to see that Jook ! Hbw hard to believe that those eager eyes saw, riot-mo, at whom they stared so . intently, but! sonie image, projecting from tbe weary -burning "brain!- " George, George !" I said softly. He! showed no consciousness of my voice. ' I spoke again,- :It. was in vain. I went. to, the bedside . and knelt!dowri, and -took. his burning hand ini mine.- All iri , ya'm ! There was a mysterious gulf between;us ; and neither sight, rior sound, rior touch of mine could reach across it. 'We weTo parted'tridre hopelossly than if we had been at opposite the " earth. " Arid in that dreadful moment I knew tliat l -loved him with all the pasiiohato strength of my;lieacb. "Ohipiy poor husband ! Oa.my' poor- love !. Oh blind; un- , brippy .woman! that Jfj had. been ! .. . A.ud .,noW. I stood beside him, aud beld bis hand/and wetted his- forehcad with my'teard/and'aU the'wiiile.he was'shut-up away from me iu a' drea'dful solitude of suffering-. For three Weeks I -scarccly'reft his ' room. - -I lay on theffloor beside his bedr ; There1 were hired nurses to attend ; to him also,"' but T would not leave him to their care. - Hd wandered, and talked alaio3t incessantly. , He was of a . con-/ stilution. so strong arid vigorous, ;that. the ;fever aeomod ." to.rage" like.a ,furiou3r sentient .'tjung. -against his 'strength, and battle..with'liim:fof/tb& -mastery.' 'I looked on heple3s, quivering, wiih, .oruel terrors/' seeing him'" wrestle for/ his/ life' \- tbrdugh the awful 'silence of the night,' aricr 'the pitiless brightne.3s-of the day / forcing myself to! be ritill, and to seom calm, "although I could have Screamed aloud in the agonv of iny suspense-; helpless; always,./ helplms,-:. helpless ! Y"efr: .1 'did : not flinch, n,or break down, n o r e ve a shed , /tears .. I kept saying, to myself,, ''When, he recovers con-,. scio'ushes3, .ho "mxist- see only serene, faces -around; him;" "But. yifhen lie spoke, in'.' the, still, Hours' of the/high't; ' and hi3 mritteririgs grew "distinct.' enough to be -intelligible, and he1 would call' uyo i! Amy— always Amy— and/- ask her to sing that song again that ! his mother used to sing in the' old times— ohqthat was; hard! I 'have (cutrthe palms of myolenohedihands-wUh my nails as I : lay in rihe dim, room listeningito' him. ' ''Amy! Amy ! Take it away." I cannot hear; your, voice. ; Take away this ! burning coal from my forehead. If you /take /that away"I!riliall tear, you sing. - 1 orily.'see.yoti' ttooyri-/j'our!lips./Amy f '. Amy'.!" Then- he would' say, "Po6r little/thing !" .. as rapidly as his -lipji could fprin-th'e words, in:a low, monotonous voicej oyer arid ''overi again, ' for an hour 'together: / All/those weeks, and days, and' hourshe never' know; hie ; never was conscious of myitouck,; nev.er> uttered, iny.riame. The battle ! yvpnt ' on, night aud> Jfday..;- : The strong ! man - struggled with the fiery serpent that held' bimiiu.t its folds, -I scut, for a physician of note from' yieuria." .'He/came arid carisulto'd, with the Besth- doctor.' He "'corild give no. comfort.' Hq could give little help.. If the patient's' strength" would put last out, when : th'e fever left him, he iiiight' recover. . -If not — and' the physician"' shook' his head; arid looked at me pityingly/ and. Went his .way. ;j At length,-, one' morning, wheri I rriised my head from , the rriattrass. on. which I slept, to look up . at Georgo's' bed/ 1 perceived , that his ; eyes were open, and that they .were looking, at 'me a3 if they saw me ! My. heart gave a great; start, and began to beat as it it would suffocate me. But I rose up quietly, and drew near the bed. It was a fair summer's dawn. The eastriln sky was ro'se-colored,' and birds were, chirpihg down in the garden of- the inn. I saw his lips move, and bent down my ear to listen; ".Desiree," he whispered; I put my arms round hiin, and hid my face on the pillow beside'him, and cried silently, curbing my - sobs, lest they should dis turb him. - He feebly >kisscd my cheek, which- lay. against his mouth, and fell again into a deep, 'tranquil sleep. Arid I lay still, so still, until 1/ too, sank into a profound' slumber, of pure ex-' haustion/but with a strange- consciousness' of "relief and happiness through it rill. J The nurse woko me with her "hand on my' shoulder, I. looked up, and saw her face -Very white and strange in the morning light. " Hush! He ; is better !!' I said, in a low eager voice: She gently moved my arms from around him, and! tried to load me from the bed. He was dead , k :it is a year ago to- day. One year ! I sit and writo at my desk, and hold inyrieri firm and steady. And when I raise my eyes Isee that pale plain face in the glass opposite. Quite tearless now, "tho eyes ar - And they look at me like the eyes of my mother's ghost. How hard they thonghtme, those peopLe m R ! How cold and stern arid . unfeeling !. L was not displeased" that they thought so. ' It : kept 'them aloof from me.- .- It saved nie from their sympathy.- ..Great Heaven !: I think there were moments when a .word of pify, a soft look/ would have driven me mad. fes ; now I remember so well all the incidents of the day that Dr. Gilbert - met me in London. For weeks afterwards , I could not havo recalled oiie look or tone of his.-' .1 only understood the main fact, that he promised to abcepttlie'trust for' Amy,- arid " to administer: the little fortune I had settled on her. But'- now; the whole scene— tho whole maimer of the man— comes back - to ine. He dwelt much on "Mr. Lester's generous thought of the orphan- girl to whom he had ever been so kind and considerate."- And he said, "It seems hard— very hard —to Miss Bent that you will not see'her, Mrs. Lester. I assure you the poor child has felt this dreadful blow— this sad loss— very deeply!" (She had " felt it very deeply !") -"But' of course I cannot presume to insist further, afteryourveryperomptoryrb'fusah" "I cannot see Amy," was all IaiiBwered. I said it in a dry/steady voice that seemed to have only oneonote.iu it: , He -went away- with tho rt/vT/lzJo#-. tawno'sll fa ma i Dn1i> nt th' l»..i i wium vun UU UUO iiUSV laglUCUU he turned, before leaving the room, and - said; ",I shall bear testimony, to the scrupulous, ex actitude with which .you! have, cariied out .your late husband's wishes,' Mrs. Lester. . ,1 wish; to do you justice. There being no will, you- were, ot course, not legally bound to hand over to Miss Bent the bequest which your husband had men'- tioneddiis intention "of making. " Miss" Bent shall be made to understand this ; . and she will be duly grateful." With that speech ho wont away. ; I . had told him a lie abou t, the bequest . to. Amy. But I wished her to be provided for, and that was the easiest way. !Yes; as I. think of - it now, I see that he almost bated nie, Respite my " scrupulous exactitude." 'It mattered- less than nothing what ho thought- of me. To-day, came an envelope directed to me with a silver (love- knot tofasten it- Amy .Bent ismarrie'd, arid Mrs. Gilbert— tho gentle, foolish little thing- sends me wedding cards ! Slie writes, too, a line inside the envelope to say that'Airiy.is very happy, and . that she (Mrs... Gilbert) is "sure Amy would be so glad to hear from, me," - It 'us well that she is happily "married. He would : have wished . that. ' But. her happiness has no. neei'of me- to/complete it." ' I. shall. never see her niore. " I ami / alone. in the, world/ with my sorrow. - My father's words of 'lon»: ago ' have ; often recurred- to irie lately/- "Desiree, Iwish1 you had some occupation . which brought you ' into direct:contact with suffering and sorrow. If you could be an hospital nurse for six months, I ! believe ygu would be a happier woman for ever after." - Ah the prescription was a false one': or it wasapplied too late. .Heaven knows. that I see .sorrow and suffering enough.'. My, money! and my tinqe are at the service of. the sick poor. . I have no. other use. for 'them. /But none "the! less do I bear about withirie the burthen of an' inconsolable grief. My' father would 'have had; me return to live' with him. But I cannot -do ; that. I cannot leave England which "h'olds that: grave "in- the village churchyard. : ' He was' carried- back all the weary miles across: land and' sea; and I /laid him beside-his mother in the West country village. I too shall lie there some1 day. May it be soon ! Tlie six incendiary larrikins at Castle- maine, who bnrned a miner's hut . arid all its contents, have been dealt with at the local; police court: The defence was that the fire, was a boyish freak rather than a deliberate/ act. The prisonera were fined sums varying from IOs.;to 2s; 6d. each;- with damages. The lads had previously been: detained' seven days in gaol," ..... ...: . .. - 