INTERCOLONIAL. SYDNEY. AVodnesdav. Tho Govornmont has issued a proolamation warning tlio pooplo against proceeding to tho Palmer. Mr. Irwin, the.wool broker, is dead. oity is placarded with a proolamation cautioning poop(p against prooeeding 'to tbo Palmer. M' Clean, the Shoriff, is gozettod Controller of Prisons. ' Hindmarsh has refused 1600 guiuoas for the bull Duke of Derremutt. The Celebrated Mr. Richards,— 'Tho an nouncement of Mr. Riokard's appenranoo nt tho School of Arts horo on Saturday, the 25tli nst., will btfhailod with no small delight by a. vory largo sootiou of the Rookhampton public Tho renown of this gentleman has long sinco proceeded lum, and wo anticipate a series of entertainments such ns the town has nover yet had an opportunity of witnessing. Tho colonics already ring with his praises; ho soonis to croato a perfect furore whorovor he appenrs — and in his immeasurable superiority over tbo best of his numerous imitators in tho Ramo' school, ho is admitted to Btand unrivalled mid alone. His sucoesscs in the Southern colonics hnvo been immense ; tho legitimate drama gave up tho ghost wherever lie appeared and nban- (lonciUhofieldatthofirRtsoundofhiBVoioo. Enor mqps houses welcomed him in Melbourne, Sydnoy, nnd Brisbano; and wo iiavoi no doubt Roekhampton will not bo far behind him. Police Court. — Yesterday, before tho Polioo Magistrate, Anna AVliitlow was fined 6s for drunkenness in Dcnham-strcct. Tlie fine was pniil. Buildino Society — Tlie sixth monthly mooting of tho Rookhampton Building Sooioty, No. 5, was hold on Tuesday ovoning, whon sub scriptions amounting' tn £293 0s 7d Were rc coived, thirteen now shares. takon up, and throo und a-lialf shares Bold at an uvorago of 10 J per cent. — tho total niunbor of slmros now issued being 408. Messrs. A. AV. S. Smith and A. J. Bell were tlio directors prosont. The Jury . Ijikt. — An adjournal Court of I'otty Session! foi tho revision of tho jury list for this district wns hold on Tuosdny last. Tlioro wns a full attondnnoo of justices, in cluding Mr. P. M'Artlmr (polioo magistrate), Messrs. F. N. Beddok, R. M. Huntor. K. P. Livormoro, AV. Thomson, M. 9. Ruuille, J. Murray, J. Hcadrick, G. B. Shaw, D. Salmond, H. .TonoS, AV. F. Lambert, 9. B. Davis, AV. PattiBon, and 0. Harden. After a sitting of throo or four hours, in tho courso of which con siderable additions woro mado to tho old list, and a liumbor of objeotions, ou tlio score of ago, &c.;, allowed, tho Court, ndjournod till this morning, nt 10 o'clock, r Tne District Hospital. — A mooting of tho oommittoo of tho Loiolihordt und Port Curtis District, Hospital wns hold on Tuosduy after noon ; prosont— Captain R. M. Huntor, pro- Biding ; aud Mossrs. J. Hoadi-iok, A. AV. S. Smith, A. Fooz, G. B. Shaw, J. Maofurlune, AV. PattiBon, E. P. Livormoro, II. Jones, F. N. Beddok, G. B. Shaw, and J. Forguson. Lottors woro read from Mr. Ballard with roforonoo to pntionts from tho railway oxton- Sion ; and from Ynaraba, aB to tho receipt of oortain poundugo foos, Tho resignation of Mr. T. S. Hull, as treasurer, was aocoptcil with re gret ; and a resolution was passed calling a mooting of tho subscribers for Tuosday, 21st instant, for tbo nppointmont of a successor. It was resolved, after some disoussion, that tho sum of £200 should bo now paid to tlio Ladios' Benovolont Sooioty in sottlomont of thoir olaim for 1873; and tlio accounts for Mnrch, amounting to £176 10s. 7d., were passed for payment. Tho name of Mr. R. R. Jonos, wliioh hnd been innilvortontly omitted nt tlio ' last gcnoral meeting, was added to tho list of committee. ' Increase of Ministers' Salaries.— In tho Legislative Assombly, on tho 10th iustnnt, the Houso wont iuto oommittco to considor a mo tion by Mr, De Sntgo for tho introduotion of a bill to incrcoso tho salaries of Ministers for tho currcnt your. Tho rata of Ministerial re muneration was reduced at a timo when tho finances of the colony were not so flourishing fts they aro now, nnd the proposal for an in- crease of tho salarios met with the approval of mombors gonerally, though objootions woro raised ou minor points. Mr. Milos saggosted that' tho incronsc should tako plnco from the 1st of January next. Mr. AVoitlholt supported the motion, nnd Mr. Moroton favoured Mr. Miles' suggostion. Mr. Maoalistor said that if it would satisfy tlio opposition of tho lion, momber for Carnarvon, ho (Mr. MacaliBtor) had no objeotion to the lion, member moving in the oommittcc that thia increase should not commence till tho prosont Government wore out of office. (Laughter). Mr. Buzacott stated that the Treasurer hail proposed to alter tho cortimoncoment of tho financial year to tho 1st July, nnd ho (Mr. Bnzncott) should havo no objection to the present motion if tho proposed inoroasc 'woro' to commcuco on that date. Mr. Fitzgerald npprovbil of an alteration of tlm ditto; nnd -Mr. Do Satgo, to meet tho feeling of the Houso, nni.1 i,„ nn nmondnieut, that tho proposed increase Bhould only commence on the passing of thia Act; nnd he pointed out that at least n month would bo required before the bill eonld receive assent. Mr. Walsh opposod tho motion ; and Mr. M'llwrnitli said tho hon. member for the AVarrogo must tako a very low. viow indeed of a Ministry if ho thought their oonduct eonld bo influoncod by tho question wliother thoy should hnve £200 a-yenr more or loss. Tho Governraont intended to havo nothing what ever to do with this motion cither way. Mr. Mnerossan, though ndmitting that tlie salnrios of Ministers wob too low, docliuod to support ' tho proposed incrcaso. After a good deal of discussion, the motion was agrcod to on the. understanding that the bill to bo founded on tho resolution would grant tho proposed in crcaso only from the date of its bocoming law. Petty Debts Court.— At tho fortnightly rittingb of this' Court yesterday, before tho Police Magistrate, the oaiiso-list contained seven plaints, four of whioh were sottlcd out of Court. A. L. Dickson v. J. Curloy, olaim £16 8— vordiot for plaintiff, M. Ryan v. E. Q. Honriqucs. Mr. R. R, Jonos appeared for tho plaintiff; Mr. Milford (noting for Mr. C. S. D. Molboumo) produced an affidavit allowing that tho defondant was at prosont in Cooktown, and asked for a further adjournment of the caso. After some discussion on tho part of tho legal gentlomon engaged, his AVorship granted nnad-v journmont till tho 20th of May, defendant to pay tlio costs of tho day, anil to doposit tho amount of tlio olaim, £16 0s 9d, to ahido tho ovont of tho trial. Bell and Gardnor v. John jmuck, claim, ElH 14s fid, for goods sold and dolivorod. For plaintiff, Mr. R. R. Jones ; for defendant, Mr. Milford. The caso was ad journed, at tlio.instnneo of defondant, till three o'clook this afternoon, for tlio production of doouments in tho custody of the Registrar. Coolie Labour. — Tho Port Darwin North ern Times looks upon the introduction of coolie labour as a necessity, and counsels the experiment). That Europeans will not, or in- deod cannot, work at anything hut mining , under tho tropical sun in thoso low latitudos, is a fact of wliioh we arc all satisfied. If ourrioh rice and sugar lands nro to bo utilized, it can only bo . by ooolios. European . labour, says tho Times, is failing us,nnd'We aro driven to the necessity of looking to India or China for people to work on tho roofs, as well ns for a labouring population gonornlly. Thoy are to bo obtained from thoso places in abundance, and their iiorvioes will bo of tlio grontost uso here, if wo aro to judge by the statements of practical mining mnnngors who have employed Chinamon in othor mining countries. To pnt the mattor to a tost a mining company hero say tlioy nro willing to tako 100 coolios for a torm of throo yenrs, on couilition that they shall ho sorviconble men ; that tho oost of im portation shall not bo more than £10 por head; and that tlio amount of pay shall bo at tlie usual rate, which wo -arc informed is abont Is. 4d por day, with food and lodgings.'.' AVo have always looked upon tlio introduotion of coolie labour nsinovitablo aud simply a matter of timo ; tlio whites can't cultivate tho land, tlio' coolies can, and to imngino that it onn bo tabood bocnusethe white labourer is opposod, to tho black labourer, is a mistnko. The woalth of Northern Qncouslnnd lies ns mnoh in her sugar lands as in hor minoralH, if not mora, and coolie labour alone can work thorn profitably. The Aliiaiibiu. Musio Hall. — Tlio stylo of ontortainmont provided by Mr. AVilton — who, by tho by, is a host in himself — scorns, if wo aro to judgo by tho ruBh whioh Bots in for tho Hall ovory ovoning, to bo muoh relished liy tho public, whioli can soarcolyho wondered at, con sidering tlio immonso varioty of porformanoos — and somo of tliom remarkably good, too — whioh nro gono through during tlio ovoning. Mrs. AViltou's sorio-oomio songs aro boginning to ho hummed over tho town — a sure sign tlint thoy nro good — und somo of hor duots with Mr. AVilton aro uncommonly good Tho trapezO' porformnnooH of Alf Borto Stovons and Lowis nro ono of tho prinoipal fonturcs of tlio ovoning. Mr. Wilton's company is small hut offootivo, and of all Freo and Easys wo know 'of no plaoo wlioro a etraugor knooking about town can got as muoli for his monoy, if wo'exoopt our "old friond Dan Briggs' "Molodion," inEnst- stroot, where thoro is capital music, a first-class orohostra and "nmusomont without vulgarity." Land Sale at Cooktown. — A supplomont tn tlin nf lltli Anril. mi. nouuoos that a snlo of 139 town lots will tnlco plnco at Cooktown on tho 19th proximo. Tlio nllotmonts rango from 14 porches to 3 roods 10 porches, but tho majority consist of 20 porohoH each, and; tlio up-set prioo is from £25 to £50 per ncro. Tni: New Steam Company.— To judgo from tho eoolnoss with whioli tho nboyo scheme has beeu roccivod by the Roekhampton merchants and traders, wo are inclined to think tlmt the prevailing opinion horo on tho mattor is, that wo should, in supporting it. bo out of tlio frying-pan into tho fire, and that wo might go further aud faro worse. The necessity for a new company aroso from tho fact, tlmt the A.S.N. Co. were, so far. as our trafpo was concoruod, hardly, up to tho innrk, in fact thoy ware not oqual to the demands made upon thorn by our rapidly expandiug carrying trado, and tlmt when any extra call was made upon thoir powers thoy had not ships to ineot it, as in tlio case of tlio Palmer rush, which limited our communication with tho Southern ports to an extent that very seriously affected every brntioh of business, nnd left our mnrlcots baro of goods which were rotting on the A.S.N. Co.'s wlmrvos in Sydnoy for want of carringc. Tlio Company ought to have forcsccu tho result of all tliia, and should lmvo takon measures to moot tho necessity by layiug on an extra steamer, ovon- if tliey had to charter one, foi tho omergenoy botween Sydnoy and Bockhnmpton,. so as to avoid shutting out goodB, tho delay in tho trans mission of whioh inflicted a'hoavy loss on im- punciB. ire L-iiuiiv n, ivuuiu nuve ueuu juui- oious on the part of tlio old company to havo paid somo attention to tho memorial got up some two yonrs sineo, and signed by most of our merchants and traders, in roforonoo to freights upon certain articles, snoh as salt, sugar, bottlod and draught boor, which wcro so much in excess of thoso charged by sailiug crafts tlmt tlio Company lost much of its carry ing trado in consequence. A timely concession iu tho matter of freight would havo sqvod the Company a mouopoly of the trado without any fear of intcrforouce, as fow peoplo would oarc to incur the Iobs occasioned by the delay of shipping by sailing vessels as woll as tlie extra iusurauco. Time is money, aud poople nrc willing to pay for expedition ; and wo feel satis-, fled that if freights were reducod toaroasouablo sum, and sufficient accommodation afforded our importers, that there would bo no incli nation ou our part to encourage the Brisbano /1nmtinn|rAt thrt <1V11<111U<1 4Uo ou<2 , I bosides, wo vory muoh doubt if we would be a bit the bettor, if so woll, treated as by our old friends tho A.S.N. Co. We can buy cheaper in Sydney than in Brisbano, nnd if tho old Company are wiso thoy will keep suoh good oustoinors by making timoly concessions. As yet not a share, so far as wc can learn, has bcon takon up here, aud it is their fault if any are. 