The Second. Victorian Hospital Sunday is over, that is, so fer as the bulk of the , , . - . churches are concerned, and the result is disappointing. - when tie project of an- , • j i- „ ,. c o j nualy devoting the collection of one Sunday j to the charitable institutions throughout the ' colony, was first mooted- last year, sufficient I prominence had not been given to ensure its ; universal adoption. On this occasion,however , the church-going section of the community , . , , , , . V had ample notice, and the enthusiasm and- readiness with which country as well as me- , , , . , ,, . , tropoks entered into the movement was suf- e ficent to ensure its complete success. In any widespread movement of theW, however, there is one adjunct—the presence or absenc of which exerfce a powerful influence . , , , . on the success of every public undertaking, in which personal attendance is simultaneously required. The adjunct of fine weather on this occasion was wanting, and in its place, rain, and cold pierciugwinds, kept the greater proportion of the peo~ pie at home. From all paris of the colony come accounts of stirring appeals made on . , ,, - ,, . , , . r ... . behall Ol our noble institutions, but m most cases they were delivered to scanty congregations. ia the present-t^e it is not the general public, but the clergymen who have contributed so largely. As a class, clergymen \- „ •! ! -c? J are not too well paid, aud Hospital bunday means to them the surrender of a consider- ,, ,. - .. . -p. , .,, able portion oi their income. Hut with an unanimity of sentimentand single-mindedness in the highest degree creditable, ministers of CVerr creed and. den.0a2iDa.ti0n tlireCT themselves with heart and soul into the , , , _ ,. , . good work, and l± attording no other result, this fact in itself should prove highly satisfactory. Had the weather favored, churchs would have been filled to excess, and such a response would have been made to the -P* peals from the pulpits as would have for ever stamped the liberality of the people of Victoria as second to none in the annals of ( , m . . ,, , , , ,, , philanthropy. Taking the total results of the movement up to the present it will be found that the amount realised is rezy fer | short of that of last year. At Melbourne all theoutdoor services had to be postponed j to a more favorable occasion, and in several 1 churches SO small was the attendance that the , _ . .. , . , 1 I clergymen ofhciatnig announced that the collections would be put off to the following ' Sunday. In several cases, although thecol- l lection was taken, the amount has been | -withheld in order to afford those -absent an j . opportumty of contributing before the ] return is forwarded to the hon. secretary. : . J ^ . , . . ,, „ i i, At the special service in the lown-hall there was a very large attendance, but the collee- | tion fell fer short of last year, amounting to j only £47 14s Sd as against £106 15s. The Theatre Royal, trhere a special service .. J ' . 1 , 1 , 1 • was held in the evening, conducted by the ! Rer. Charles Clark, was crowded. The col- j lection amounted to £119 14s. 3d: last year j -1 J J>,in mL T> Tir c, , , it realised -±140. The Jtev. Mr. Stobbs 4 Church at the Temperance-hall contributed! £100 7s. 5<L, a larger amount than last year, j aud St. IVancis (Soman Catholic), £112 15b, I The total sum realised last year was L4,3521 „ ^ , , T„„ , 2s 4d., and the amount distributed waelj.i,9i0 I 13s. 3d. This year it is only L2,211 10s. Sd. Prom Geelong we hear the same inclemect i weather marred the success of the movement, \ whilst, at Ballarat, Hospital Sunday ^as ] ,, , . almost a nonentity, Sandhurst, however, 1 retrieved to an extent the fortunes of the day as the handsome return of- L4S2 4s lOd proves. Far-off Eehuca subscribed in-three churches tie Bum of I A 5 i d whilst Castlemaine from Eeven churches stands well for. ward with L77 12s Id. "The Botanical Military Parade" which formed such a feature there last year was postponed, and taHng last year as a basis, - orer . L120 was thos lost. Of our <own ehaie in ilie movement we have no reason to feel ashamed, as from the report- elsewhere published it will be seen, that the only two churches taking part contributed in the most liberal spirit. The Epman Catholic, Presbyterian and Baptisthave yet to .told dieir Hospital ;Sunday, hence anflppprtjmr^isst^prese^^^ for the reception of contributions from, those unable to attend worship" last'' """ "* -day- ... . .. The Bev. Eobert Henderson, who has for many yeafs offidated as pastor of St. Andrew's Church, _ intends paying a visit to Scotland about the«»id of the year, and at a local board, of management hdd last week intimated the tiud; to those ^assembled. A meeting of the Presbjtery willbeheldin a. fewdays and the matter will be brought up officially by Mr. Henderson. , Although the rev. genHeman lias not yet made up his mind whether his' absence will be a permanent ojie, ne vertheless this intimation— pointing to the probability of an early change in the church—rwill be received with yeiy general regret by his congregation, .and numbers of in allparts'ofthe district. • •-' ' 1 ."'""- >.",. . The /rret concert in connection with the Malmsbury Philharmonic Society will be hdd intheTown Hall to-morrow evening.* During the short time the society has |«en jn ,existence, great progress] h«s been mide'inthe ^attainment of correct vocal-; ization, and the ptpgramme whitji jiy .been issued |or to-morrow's concert, would do creditto any pldertiabUshod ia the some six concerted and choral pioces, about the same number of vocal solos, several duetts and quartettes, and a pianoforte solo by the conductor, Mr JL J. King. Amongst the vocalists are Miss Ambler, and Miss O'Hea, and Mr. Thorburn, from Castlemaine. Mr Stanton who was so well received at Kyneton last Tuesday, figuresin the programme, and not tlie least interesting feature ia apart song, •entitled "The. Seasons of Lite" composed by the talents young gentleman; to whose -efforts are mainly due the happy xesults attendant oil; the society's establishment. The Government <?o=e//e is not, as a rule,"a-particularly interesting or exhilarating specimen of literature, but from its dull prosaic pages we have occasionally the opportunity of gleaning useful hints and facts as to the progress of civilization in our little community. Thus for .example, in the last issue we find a reward of £25 sterling is offered for 6uch information as will lead to the arrest and conviction-of 'some person who on the night of Thursday, -the 10th of September, threw in through a window of Mr. Francis Johnston's house at Smeaton, a lemonade bottle full of Wasting powder (into which a lighted fuse about two feet long had been inserted), -attached by a string to a gin bottle full of kerosene oil and some rags. Mr. Johnstone fortunately succeeded in extinguishing the fuse without injury, but the mission of this infernal machine was none the less obvious. Again we read-on the same page, that a reward of £10 will be paid by the Government for 6uch information as will lead to the conviction of the person who committed the outrage, described as follows :—" Between half-past eleven in the forenoon and a quarter before two in the afternoon of Saturday the 12th September instant, the Geelong Artillery Orderly Room was broken into, entrance"having been effected through the window of the officers' room, and three shell instrnment boxes were smashed almost to pieces and three drum-heads cut with a knife or other sharp instrument In neither case could any reason be assigned for the perpetration of the outrages, and ' the fact is pretty evident that with all our progress ™d enlightenment, the most demoniacal passions are rampant in a section of the great human family, Under the suggestive heading of " We murder to ^ ^ m ^ u ^ S as an example of the excess of cruelty to which fashion will resortOne of the most fashionable follies is the decoration of women's hats and bonnets _ so called—with the feathers of the grebe, one of the most graceful birds that float upon the water Its nest is a beautiful raft composed of thick steins aquatic herbs skilfuii y woven together ; and as these materials contain a quantity of fixed air, the g ^e i B disturbed, she plunges one foot into the water, and paddhs her ark to a place of security. The plumage of the bird consists or a warm down, of a i astrous glossand. silvery whiteness. But in order to obtain this, as one of the ornamants of II fe- ^oustt rftE unspeakable torture in order that empty-headed ™ ^ ^ ^ ^ vering bodies of these affectionate, sagacious and obedient creatures! And we actually boast of our civi- ^zata0D " , .„, , ,, . , Whist and cnbba»e will henceforth form one of the attractions of the Taradale Mechanics' Institute, From the Express we learn that oa Wednesday — Otherwise of permitting "whist and -cribbage" to played within the Institute as well as backgammon and dominoes. Some years ago playing with cards was permitted, but the committee found evils : arise therefrom, and in February last submitted rules to a meeting of the members which {orbja card-playing. Those rules were approved ot; but dissatisfaction has arisen in consequence, and members was exceedingly, reprehensible, and caused the committal to very justly be offended therewith. The advocates for the cards were then ad vised to do tllea w!lit their intelligence ought previously to have pointed out as the proper course to be pur- ^V^iSay's meeting was consequently convened, and arguments ^ ^ b e ^ C nnder restrictions. _ The Illustrated Australian News for this month is . l ^ P t o its "™al high standard of excellence. There are somegood- pictures representing tuedrawmg f or prizes in connection with the Bilhrat Art Union, which will doubtless furnish the people at .home ^ouey. ^ haps the pleasantest feature in the full page lll ustlTs™ of fortune on the occasion. "Eaglehawks attacking a j kangaroo" will be foimd a most correct study of a comparatively rare incident of bush .adventure, Several 0/ these strong-winged giants of the air have " cornered" an Ulifortunate marsupial, and-evidently ^ g T ^ l ^ " e E f t « their'victim, and the helpless look of the kangaroo exceeding good. Two picture atthejictorian j Academy of Arts, are made the subjects of illustrations, but 1 not with happy effect. Very gtt>d por- Ị traits are presented of the Rev. A.. Caneroa, the j - Rev. John Barlow, the Rev. James Martin, and the j Rer s_ c_ ^e[lti are designated the " Popular Preachers of Melbourne." A view of the Slate of but little interest. Illustrations are also given of thebanquet at the openingofthe New Meat Market, j Melbourne, the opening of the Hawkesbury liiver Bridge, by MrFarkes; the Lake Condat Aboriginal station, and the design for St. Andrew's Almshouses atJ^meraid . , _ , „ . , _ ,, , There is a room in the Shamrock Hotel, -bandhnrst says the Jfantfw-Oiu/ft Advertiser—* very comfort able room—set apart for the use ot commercial . this ro, 5,'and found it so agreeable that on a recent visit to "Saudhufst he tdoV np his quarters there, greatly to theannoyanof of the commercials, whose j 0viauty was seriously disturbed aifd damped by the presence of the severe and austere may.^ Delicate bS^'h'n^^^utti^mo^, and^kno more notice of the tender suggestions that he should evacuate the premiees than he would of the aaseve rations of innocence made by a guilty prisoner. Xh e commercials were nonpulsed for a'time, but, a fewdays since, just betore dinner, .and just before the judge wascxpected on the scen§, the question of hiBexdusioabysonje civil menus qr otlfar ifas argued and debated. '" Ob, leave him to me," said one, fTll.settle him." And, accordingly, when, soon afterwards, his honor entered the dining room with a sage guffaw, the commercial went up to him, behind, fitraak hiiQ an unmerciful slap on the back, and said, "Well, bow gqsf business, old fellow 7 Many lines to day?" The' Judget >*You are mistaken, sir" (with greai severity). The Commeraial "Mistaken be d—-r-. ; Don't J know you very well?" The Judge (looking daggers Jaild thunderbolts at the. • Commercial).: "Sir, you do., not kfiow nie." The Commercial: "That be banged. Didn't I often meet yon selling Gauterbury cakes for Swallow and Ariell, of Sandridge! liori't you remember the day when "you upset the cart, and jJl the biscuits tumbled out in the road near Murghebolbnc f The Judge :: "Perhaps when yoi' tnow whom'* yon are addressing jroo .may. feel sorry 'for- your impertinence. I m -Judge S——The .Commercial (eyeing his Honor from head to foot) Well, .1 like your adjective -cheek I,. jfyu Jfndge., 6—- ! ;p6lne, old Canterbury cakes : no more nonsense ; sit down to dinner."^i'x-i< Jndge S——4^-extreme indignation, muttering "Oanterbuiy caies * Strallow and Ariell! Good heavens!" ' r " ' : j/ ' One , of the strangit cases erer heard in the <Jounty CourtV>f Mo^botough; wa^tiiat of Aeschimanu iA'. Ooleman, ,tried on Saturday last Mr. Aeschimann is the well-know lan&} ord of the Bull and Mouth "Hotel, and" Mr.Colejnan'the" county court bailiff. The plaantifi sned"fo r i recovery of £5 shares, worth lOi. each, in the Maryborough' Consols Co. which.the.defendant hid seized under a county, ^squrt eiecution against J. A Healy, issued .iinder a judgment obtained by Mr. Daniel Taylor, of Maryborough.. An Interpleader case.for the recovery -61 thfe "6am'e" shares had previously been heard in tlie police coort, but Mr. Carr, P.iL, declined to 'inake 'ariy'.iordfer.-ieitherl ot Aeschimaiih, ; Coleman, -or Taylor/'and Aeshinunn .now sued for the recoveryof them before Judge i^olaSL - Aeschimann detailed theinanner in-which the shares had become "his property by purchase from Healy. ;®ie BhMBS were in the name of John Dunn, aod as they were paid up shares and licit 1 ;mai3ietableattJie.time ofjpnrcha«5 feomHes-ly--'Mr Aeschimann left themwhenetle/ wrae—InlEhe Bank Ottle; man, by «ome means OTother—ind liow, is not at pswntF^ttear—bml thatthwehww werp tlin bank at the time the enecntion <wes issued ; heard that they were Healy's, and of course, went and demanded them. No officer of the bank would deliver up the scrip to Coleman, but they were placed so that he could seize them if he liked--and he did. He seized a scrip certificate, not for 25 shares, but for 45 shares in the company in name of John Dunn. Coleman having stated tliis much, Mr. Warton (who appeared for Mr. Aeschimann) called Mr. John-Dunn, the manager of the.Bauk.of Victoria. • In answer to the vnrv .first question put by Mr. Warton, -Mr. Ddnn said, " The scrip produced belongs to Til''. .. /.own. the whole .of these shares. There never was a learned gentleman' "more" v amazed than was Mr. Warton at this new claimant for the' shares—one of his own witnesses. He looked completly puzzled, mystilied, and taken by surprise. He proceeded to ask Mr. Dunn how he became possessed of the shares, and when ; but the more questions he asked the more complex, strange, mysterious, and inexplicable the case became, aud shortly he threw it up, aud elected to be nonsuited His Honor said that so far as Mr Aeschimaun was concerned, he had been deceived ; his transaction with Healy was undoubtedly bona file. A suit in equity will now-be proceeded with for the settle roc 1 ut of the matter, the shares remaining in Mr Coleman's possession.—Advertiser. Mr. Grant Bristow, we are happy to report, is recovering from the effects of his recent severe accident. A general meeting of members of the Kyneton Football Club will be held this evening in the Temperance HalL A good attendance is requested. The Governor in Council, in pursuance of the provisions contained in the 335th section of " The Shires' Statute" 1869, has, -by Order in Council made on the 22nd September, 1S74, determined that the tolls payable and collected upon the undermentioned common-toll road shall be distributed among the local bodies interested therein in the following proportions, viz:—The tolls payable aud collected, at the Coomora Toll-gate on the Malmsbury to Ballarat rood, appointed a common-toll road uudcr Proclamation of 18th May last, to be divided in these proportions, viz:—to the Daylesford Borough Council, 7s. 2 id ; Glealyonshire, 12s. 6di in each £1. A reward of £20 was offered for such information as would lead to the discovery of William Bull man Crumui Butchart, for forgery : It is notified that the oiler of reward is withdrawn, the witnesses be- . ing no longer required. The number of births and deaths registered in the Metropolitan aud Suburban Registration Districts during the week ending the 10th of September, 1874, was, births, 112 ; deaths, G9. A. site for timber purposes at Cobaw, containing 790 acres, is temporarily reserved from sale. A sale of Crown Lands will be held at Rochester to-day. We understand that at the present time there are nearly 3,500 miners unemployed in the colony, the majority of whom are distributed as follows;— Sandhurst, 1,500; Billarat, 1,200; Stawell, 350; Castlemaine, 200 ; and Maryborough, 100. The Maryborough Advertiser says :—" Nothing has been yet done to stop the larrikiu gambling at the Chinese camp aud other houses nearer the main street of Maryborough. The disgusting, maudliu, dirty aud demented wretches who frequent the former place associate' with the lowest Chinamen, ' sing' the lowest songs, aud gamble and xlrink the night away, should certainly be incarcerate! as vagrants and public nuisances, who are perfectly demoralized themselves, and deintralize all those brought by unhappy accident or uulucky fate, into contact with them. Concerning the more respectable class of drinkers and gamblers of the two the juvenile larrikins—we may remark that two instances have come to our knowledge in which suuis of from £2 to £3 have been lost at play during one evening by shop-boys not yet 1G years of age, and whose wages are barely £t per week. The employers of lads should most certainly endeavor to discover where their juvenile -employes spend their ; evening and night, aud how." ! On Friday, tenders were accepted by the Board of Land and Works for,—1st section of the Geelong to Colac line, about twelve miles (seven tender*),— Overend'and Eobb, £49,612 5s Sd.; for the first section of the Ovens River to B^echworfch line, twelve miles (seven tenders),—J. ami A Overend, £3L,9j^ 2s Sid.; for pissenger station at Clunes, on the Ballarat and Maryborough line (thirteen tenders),—John Short, £1752 3s lOd. The Ballarat Courier reports that "a bare- faced piece of swindling was perpetrated on Thursday, at the Windermere ploughing match. A respectably dressed individual made his w iv into the publican's refreshment bar, and, taking his stand behind the counter, served all and sundry with drinks, for two or three hours, during the whole of which time he passed muster for a waiter ; but suspicion- being at last aroused by some one who observed that he did not put all the money he received in the till, the police were seut for. Before a constable arrived, however," the new barman had disappeared and made good his escape off the ground. The publican who was very busy at the time, aud did not notice the man as a stranger, is unable to guess how much the fellow.may have pocketed for his pains. The annual Steeplechase Meeting of the Mel bourne Hunt Club passed off very successfully on the Melbourne Racecourse, on Saturday afteruoon. Though the day was cold and threatening rain, there was a very good attendance on the ground, there being a number of ladies on the grand stand. The racing commenced with the Handicap Hurdle Rice, which was won by Game"io 7, Touchit ficin second, and Gunter third. The Melbourne Hunt Club Cup was won in good style by Moro, ridden by Master T. Watson. Black Bess was second, and Sailor third. Eleven horses started for this race. The handicap Steeplechase was won by Sheet Auchor, after a fine finish with Ragged Jack. The Selling Steeplechase fell through, and the Selling Hurdle Race was reduced to a match between Spit" fire and Albert; the former won with the greatest ease. . An extensive fire,which might have spread much more than it did but for the promptness with which measures were taken to suppress it, broke out on Saturday afternoon in Flinders street. At about 10 minutes -to 4"o'clock, the look-out on the Metropolitan Brigade tower observed dense volumes of smoke rising from Flinders street, between Swanston and Russell streets. The alarm was given'an'd the~brigade at once went to the spot, aud. found that all the front premises of the Carron Timber yard were in a blaze. ' Tlfe placgi is occupied by Messrs James -Wright and Co., and comprised a saw-mill, turning lathes, and moulding, planing and other machinery, a large stack of worked timber, all under cover, fronting Flinders street, and some stacks of timber in the yard. After burning for more than au hour, the flameswere sufficiently subdued to prevent an extension of tie conflagration. At a rough estimate the damage done to stock and machinery amounts to "from £1509 to £2000, and the damage to the premises to' about £i03. The stock ana machinery were insured in tlie Standard' Company for £500,~ the Norwich Union fqr £500, the Transatlantic for £500, and the Victoria for £330—totalflSOO The building belonged to Mr-Allison, but whether it was insured or not could not be ascertained. The damaga.done to'fcfeasra Blyth, Drydsi'ile, aud Roberts's •stock' ai}cl-preupses was cqusiderable, but was covered by insurance. ; The gathering .of the crowd afforded pickpockets a'fihe opportunity, and theywere i>ot i41e. A woman was robbed of a brown leather purse containing 'five £1 notes and -about,8s.;-anda man had ,his r ppeket picked of a green pocketbook containing a £5 note, f6or£l notes, and eorue papers and memos. The .Tintercolonial Race, took place on Saturday oh'the Parramatti River,' over a course of about . four miles, ^extending from Kissing Point to Hun-, ter's Hill., .The rao$ 1 W4S yiciitesed by a large assemblage, of persons,' and nineteen steamers accom-. piuied the boats" during the race.' The contest was decidedrin favor of Sydney,; .by over • ten lengths, who were the favorites at starting. The folio wing.. are£he names of the crews:—6..H. Eitzhardinge " (bow); P. 3. CUrice, 2; R. H! Clark, M: A H. Fitzhardinge, - (stroke); : MoUiy (coxswain), 1 — .Sydney.crew.' : The following are the names of ibhe Victorian crew I—J. Eddington (liow); H£ W. Henderson, 2; jL giVlrlum, 3 • Z- Giles (stroke); F., £dwards {coxswain),.second. .: ... . • "• '' Mr. Fairdough last evenng gave a series of Recitals in the Mechanics' Institute. There was a fair attendance and-of the audience it may. be said thit the evpning was throughly enjoyable. The first part of the programme consitad 'chiefly of " Shakespearian'.' scenes, in the representation of which he was J assisted "by^MdmEe' Legrand—a>yoimg la"dy of pleasing appcurance, and - who displayed tnore than average -intelligence in. tlie interpretation of;the passages with'whic.h she Was -entrusted. Mr Fiair'r .clough is ageatlemau ' well and favourably kno wn" to Mellionrne 'playgoers,' and-the 'high reputation whichiie Jherc enjoyid-ai atragedian -was«ndorssd by:ffiiKyueton_^diehc^lhth^ ofthe programme he wnshighlysuccessfulin'several weliimown recitative poems—more -especially in Hood's, woaderfoUyrpathelijo JrBridgeofSighs,',' and Ttnny- Bon'e etarnug "Qharge pf t£e lagbt Brigade," • h c s s o — t ] A. funeral reform aasociation has been formed in Adelaide, at a meeting held in that city on Monday last the followiugresoliitions were carried :—" That a Burial Reform Association be now established," and *' that the members of this conference do hereby pledge themselves to -.abataiu in all burials over which they.may have any control, from the use of a plumed hearse, from the distribution of hat bands, scirfa, aad gloves, and in all possible ways to lessen the.expanses connected with the interment. sA the. dead." " The following story is related to the Bendiyo Adertiser on Saturday-- as having actually occured in the district during the week. Our informant says that he can Tely-on-the person from whom he re" ceived-the information, but our readers can believe the story, or otherwise, as they choose ; we simplv give it as related. A. gentleman* well-known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom we will call Lamb, at whose establishment many an article has beeu " popped" by needy persons, recently sold a piano that he had received as a pledge to a^i e lUrilly well-kuown' speculator, whom we will call Srnith. It so happened that within a week after the piano had been disposed of, Lamb departed . this life rather suddenly, and was duly buried. Smith had had the piano removed to his parlor, and as a matter of course, had by this time had ample opportunities of judging as to the capabilities of the instrument. One night recently he retired to bed, aud was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, at two o'clock in the morning, he was suddenly awakened by loud- and continued playing on his piauo, which he had previously locked securel}'. Not relishing the idea of his servant being up at that hour, he indignantly rushed downstairs for the purpose of reprimanding the supposed individual, when to his great terror he observed, as he says, the ghost of his departed " uncle" walk directly and firmly from the piano rightthrough the front door. Being horribly frightened be lost no time in retracing his steps upstairs, and hiding himself in the blankets. His better half was not awakened by the firstperiormance on the piano, which consisted of a selection from Handel's " Mesiah," but Smith had not long beau in be 1 before the strains were resumed, tbe selection • this time being from Mozart's Gloria—"The Twelfth Mass"—in which there are several deep and striking notes. Smith heard all this, and after mentilly abusing the piano he resolutely took refuge in the arms of Morpheus. His wife was awakened by the music, and immediately screamed out to endeavour to arouse her husband., but such seemed au impossibility, and she herself resolved to go down aud ascertain the cause of this unusual musical entertainment. On reaching the room her bewilderment was greater than that of Smith, she having observed the identical man, aud under precisely the same circumstanccs. Iu a frantic state of excitement she rushed up stairs, and succeeded in arousing Smith, and informed him of what she had seen. Smith says that he remembered nothing after this beyond the fact that his wife followed his example by " turning in," he having been put into such a frenzy by the manner in which his wife had related the circumstances to hiin. Next morning he determined to get rid of the awful instrument. He succeeded in doing so, but whether the same performince has been repeated at the house of the individual to whom he sold it or not, he is not in a position to say. At the Supreme Court on Friday last the ease of Tuckcr v. Alien, an appeal froai County Court, iiyueton, was heard. Mr. Walker for appellant; >Ir. Cock for respondent The defendant was sued hy Mr. Tucker for half a year's rent. It appeared oliat'on the 3rd March, 1857, plaintiff granted a lease to defendant for a term of years, for 14 years or 21 years, at the option of defendant. This op- :iou w.-is, however, to be exercised by the defendant in writing before the expiration of the first six years of the term. The defend int did not exercise the option within the time. He, however, remained in possession till December, 1873. He had previously given six months notice that he intended to leave it that date. The plaintiff maintained that he could not quit the place, aad tint the lease was for 21 years. The judge of the County Court held that as the defendant did not exercise the optiou within the time specifieil, the tenantcy was only one from year to year after the expiration of the first seven years, and could be terminated by a month's notice. Against this decision the plaintiff appealed. The Court was of opinion that the decision appealed from was right, and therefore dismissed the appeal, with costs. At the Fitzroy Court on Thursday, the hearing of a charge of assault, ^brought by Margaret Walsh against William Younger, her uncle, with whom she lived as house-keeper, was resumed. Plaintiff ail alleged a fortnight ago that previous to the difference which oocurred between theui she had beeu seduced by the defendant, who sent her to a jhemist's for medicine foe an improper purpose. Defendant maintained that the injuries the woman complained of were caused by a drunken falL The Bench adjourned the cise to allow the police to nifee inquiries, aud on Friday Mr. Gillott examined the plaintiff to show that she had lived with a man mined B-iekley as his wife for a weak at her uncle's house two or three years ago, when she irst arrived here. This she denied, hut two sons ofthe defendant- swore most positively to it. Sergeant Heume stated that he sent the medicine -diieh complainant had produced on the last occasion to Mr. Johnson, the Government analyst, k-!io had promised if he found it to be harmless to sen i a repjrt, and that if it was what it was reported co be, he would be in attendance. He, however, had heard nothing further from him. The Bench considered that couiplaiuant had trumped up this charge against defendant, and that her statements were throughly unreliable. They therefore dis- . missed the case. In the Australian Medical Journal for this month we findthe following notice of Dr Tracey :—" We are sure that the majority of our readers, both in -the colonies and at home, will be anxious for some authentic iuformation about the present condition of Dr Tracey's health. It is now fivemouths since he returned from England, and during that long time his-.friends have kept on- hoping that some favorable change might occur in his state ; and that, after all, his disease might not be beypjul-reinedy. This hope became the source ol many minors about treatment, &C.;, which were entirely without foundation for we grieve to have to report that Dr. Tracey's malady makes slow but sure progress, and is utterly incurable.' All hope of his recovery has long since been, abandoned by his medical attendants and by himself. It is needless to say that the most assiduous and anxious care has been devoted to the relief, as far as possible, of his sufferings, aud that many complications have from time to time been staved ofl^ and pain mitigated or relieved by treatment ; but still he grows weaker .day by day, aud the recurrence of intense pain which. fqllqws any increase of his now extremely limited food, renders it impossible to arrest the terrible emaciation and exhaustion he endures. Apart from the action of fooilhis disease is attended by pirorysm of severe pain; and when we state that for all these months he has been.nnable.to lie in any. other position but on his b^uk, the distress inevitable from.this cause alone, will be more easily imagined than described. The wonder is to those wiio'saivhiiq when he first returned, and who have since watched by his bedside, how existence ban' be sustained under such cifpumstauces ; ,yet life still clings to the wasted frame,' and the "massive intellect which "won for Dr.' Tracey a place of pride among his medical brethren, is stiU undimmod, still bright qnd active, especially as regards everything relating to the profession which" he has so loved, aqd vphich he has done so much to exalt zwd aden," On Thursday nest Mr DaSaxe,. Surgeon - Dentist, pays his usual monthly -visit to Kyneton, as per advertisement. "" • The'Maryborough and SandhursfcTootball Clubs < play their second rqatclj this season on Saturday next at "Sandhurst. The Sandhurst teaiq will be a much stronger one than was euconntered on the last occasion, which was - only' able -'to secure • a drawn game. Maryborough, : however^ is .confident of winning the forthcoming matah. "A shorfc time since a Government official stationed at a hamlet: within a Tew miles of- Maryborough for a few weeks, and who has since left the service, qipped up all th'e knowing ones in a few days, and took from one of the gamblers—a clergyman—no less than £16 odd, in 331, t)d, Is, 'and 2s. (id pieces ^4the whole of more than one Sunday ^collection, in short. Tha reverend Kntleman and gambler, says the AdsaB^er,.mas,. ptying in a publichouse at the time—ariliofceTkcpt by' a well-known hostess who as a peculiar aad not very- pleasant Tray of pronouncing"-"forty-five." It is: a .®trange but triie ircumstance that - the -predecessor of this same clergyman lvaa very fond of the same game, for the, ame filthylucre, at the same house ; the last Sun-' day evening he spent at the village in question, 1 he' pent playing cards in this hostelry. ^How far," asked fl.ilearned soliintor Mil! ol Mary-' borough, within : the 'preciuts of the County..Court n Saturday, of another learned gentleman of law, "bnw far could a * strong man throw a bufialp, catching him by the longest hair of his tail ?" Kbt ^ry.fg.".,"^ the logical reply. " I should trust he'evidenceof ihe'imness ju9t«XMriihed about ae aoforthW/'^^aid't^Bliutor, ; 