A WHITEBAIT DINNER. (From the Daily News, August 7.) [The following fragments of a conversation at a dinner which took place on Wednesday at Greenwich have been sent to us. Though they bear internal evi. dence of genuineness, their transmission to us, we feel bound to state, does not involve any breach of confi dence on the part of any of the guests. It appears from what follows that there is no truth in the report of the absence of some of the leading members of the Cabinet from the dinner.] SoENE.--zPip Hotel at Oreenwich. Psaso±s.-Cabinet Ministers and other Heeds of Departments, Mfembers of the Household, Junior Lords, UTnder-Secretartes, Waiters, 4c. Mr. Disraeli: In the absence of any bishop orclerk in holy orders, perhaps you, my dear Hunt, will say, what you always exhibit-grace. Mr. Ward Hunt: If If no one else- certainly. I moan, Ay, ay, sir. (Asks a blessing.) Lord Salisbury: That form of public worship at any rate has not been regulated; and there are no blustering archbishops hereto be afraid of. Mr. Disraeli: Would it were grace before meat. These fish.dinners are tantalising to a manly appetite. The ereatures are better on a flshmonger's slab than at the table. There the white of the turbot and the red of the lobster rival the gorgeous liveries of ducal domestice and the splendid upholstery of the stately mansions of England. But they are watery stuff; better fitted for a banquet of mermen than of states. men. However, ietbyophagio races, it is said, live long; and long life to our iclhyophagio Ministry. Lord Carnarron: They live long, because a diet of cold- blooded creatures is unfavourable to the feverish passions and stormy energy which wear out men and Governments. If Gladstone had not abolished the banquet he might be in office now. Lord Salisbury: I don't know that we need that alterative, nor have that prosipet. Mr. Disraeli: Let the morrow take care of itself. At any rate we are in port at last. Mr. Ward Hunt: I could have borne a much longer voyage. Mr. Disraeli: I don't mean at Greenwich, my dear Hunt. I mean at the end of the session. Mr. Ward Hunt: It is something to be at Green. wich. I can tell you that I did not half like the way in which the captain handled his ship on several occa sions. I had some thoughts of taking the command myself. Lord John Manners: I saw you on the bridge. What on earth were you doing there P Mr. James Lowther : He was echoing the captain, crying "ease her," "stop her," " back her," and so on, until the man told him that he had got a boy to poasse the word, and that he had bettergo down and be quiet. After that I lost eight of him. Lord John Manners: He went over the ship, look ing into every corner and cranny, and talking the jargon of naval architecture. Lord Cairns: That explains her rolling and pitch. ing. I thought there was something amiss with the ballast. Mr. Ward Hunt: I did not like the lines on which she is built, and mistrusted her carrying power. Mr. Disraeli : She carried Cesar and his fortunes. Lord Sandon: Or his misfortunes. Mr. Disraeli: Very good, Sandon; but don't be egotistic. You have had your reverses; but every one has his cross to bear-at least I know I have; and it is not always possible to get rid of it. I am not referring to you, my boy. Don't be afraid. You are not big enough yet to be cast for the part of Jonah. Lord Salisbury : I beg your pardon. I did not quite catch what you said. Did you speak to me? Mr. Disraeli: No, Lord Salisbury; I was talking to this boy. Do not blush, my dear lad. If people were fools enough to think that because I let you make a speech I should therefore allow you to frame a bill, you may be excused a little self-importance. Keep up your confidence. As I have said myself, a man has a right to be conceited until lie has succeeded; and you are abundantlyjustified in thinking well of yourself at present. Sir S. Nortthcote: Don't hurt the child's feelings ; the fault was not his. Lord Salisbury: I hope you do not mean to say it was mine. Mr. Disraeli: No, no. As I have explained in the House, the fault was with the draftsman of the bill, who put it into such a form that we could not see his meaning, nor recollect what our common understand ing had been when a united Cabinet agreed to the measure. Hence our different interpretations of it, from memory and conjecture. The draftsman was the lamb who troubled the stream. Lord John Manners: Let us forget old quarrels, my dear friends "Buried be all that has been done, Or say that nought was done amiss." Lord Cairns: That we can't say, as honourable men ; though to bury all that has been done would not be a very tedious ceremonial. The Endowed Schools Bill, at any rate, is buried. Lord Salisbury : esJurgat. Sir S. Northcote: Requiescat in pace. Mr. Disraeli: At any rate let us dine in peace. Lord Salisbury, a glass of wine with you. Try this red devil. Lord Salisbury : I don't like the name. It smacks of the Commune. (To the waiter:) I'll take some of tihe black, if you please. Lord Malmesbury: Speaking of black, I wonder what the clergy will think of the Publio Worship Bill P. The Duke of Richmond: Gladstone says that most of them know nothing about it. Mr. Disraeli : May their blissful ignorance never be disturbed; and may Lord Penzance have a sinecure. fHowerver, this is not a political but a social meeting. It is something, considering the tender fleections which alwanys unite colleagues, and which make poli tical separation one of the great bereavements of life, to reflect that we are all together and all here. I can't cl:arge my memory with small details, but I don't think we have shed so much as a Junior Lord or an Under-Secretary. MIr. Itert Dyke: Little Ben MIr. Disraeli: Pardon me? Who ? Mr. Hart D)yke: That's what we call Cavendish Beatinck, sir--t'e a name we have given him-could not come ; but he has not resigned. Mr. Disraeli: You reassure me. Lord Salisbury: No doubt it is very pleasant to be all together. I have not a word to say against that, I wish to be perfectly friendly and good-natured; and it is not necessary on occasions of this sort to say all that. one thinks of everybody, especially of one's colleagues. I am not Prime Minister, and I am not in athe ouseof Commons. But why all here P What on earth have we come for P iMr. Disraeli: My dear Lord Salisbury, don't be hurt at what I said in the Hiouse. I, too, perhaps am not unverstrJ in jibes and jeers, and flouts; and of old the rage of a rash and rancorous tongue inas been attributed to me. Bult it sle a mistake, believe me HIfrcourt is right. You will know it when you are as old as I am. The English statesman must not lay aside the English gentleman. If he does so, he may be applauded for the moment; but he will afterwards be laughed at, and then despised. Lord Salisbury: Lot IIarcourt look at home; and settle matters with Gladstone before he attacks me. Mr. Disraeli : Yes, they quarrel nearly as much as we do. But let it pass. Why are we heret you just asked. To remind ourselves that we are in office. There is little else to show for it. Besides it is our great Conservative aebievement; the one thing in which we have kept our promise of undoing the work of our predecessors. We have re-estsablished the Whitebait Dinner, which that great Tory statesman, the late Mr. Pitt, instituted, and which Gladstone, in his reckless career of innovation and disturbance, abolished. Lord John Manners : Why did he do away with it P Retrenchment could not have been the reason. The money does not come out of the Treasury, but out of the pockets of the diners. Lowe could not have ob jeoted to thant, so far as his colleagues were concerned. Mr. Disraeli : Mr. Gladstone, for a Huomerio stu. dent, and a reader, I suppose, of Plato, has an insulr. cient sense of the political importance of the banquet. Lord John Manners: It was rather hard upon Greenwich that its member should have abolished the dinner. The eagle pierced by the shaft winged by its own feather. Lord Cairnas: That was the reason my dear friend. It was because Gladstone was member that he could not give the dinner. It would have been a corrupt practice. Sir S. Northcote: I am afraid it is a symbol of the session, and its promise. Desinif i piscen . formosa superne. Mr. Disraeli : It is a symbol of something else, my dear friend-the loaves and the fishes which we have got, and mean to keep. Sir S. Northeote: Nobody can tell what may hap, nen before the end of next session. Lord Carnarvon: Who swas it thatsaid that place without power had no lcharm tora generous ambition? Mr. Disraeli: That was said wLen we had neither place nor power. What we say to the public and of our enemies we need not say to each other anda of our selves. I am afraid that we came to Court in the same disposition that all parties have done; that the principal object of our actions was to have the govern. sent of the State in our hands a that our principal views were the conservation of our power, great em. ployments to ourselves, and great opportunities of re. wording those who had helped to raise us, and of hourting those who stood in opposition to us." It is true that with these considerations of private and party interest there were others intermingled which had for their object the public good of the nation, at leset what we took to be such. Lord Malmeshbury: Beautiful.. Lord Salisbury : Beautiful, perhapes but isn't it HBolingbroeke Mr. Disraeli: Is itP I really cannot say at this moment. Trne woras may be olingbroke's, but the thought is my own. Invention, as some philosophers have contended, is only memory with an application. I remember and apply, and therefore invent. It is the privilege of our predecessors to furnish the moulds of words in which the original genius of a later date may flow. This has always been the principle on which I have acted as a writer and speaker. I do not oease to be myself because I put on the clothes of Thiers, or Macaulay, or as now, if yonu are right, and you may be, of Bolingbroke. Mr. Hart Dyke: You say we have done nothing. That is not the opinion of the other fellows. Willio Adam, who is a very shrewd fellow, and who ought to know, and who certainly is not prejudiced in our favour, says that we have done in a single session what it took them four years to accomplish. Mr. James Lowther: That wasn't what he said. He said that we had reached in fire months a depth of imbecility which they had not got to in five years. Mr. Disraeli: Anybody can govern in a state of siege, as I recollect saying. Cavour, was it P Well, it does not matter who. In the same way, anybody can govern with a compact majority and a united Cabinet. That is humdrum and jogtrot work. The triumph of genius is to govern with a divided party, and with a Cabinet in which there are-what shall I say P-friendly diferences of opinion. 'lhat is the state of things which it has been our bulsiness to pre. pare this session, and which we must confront next February. Lord Salisbury: At any rate, if we have not been living this session in a Castle of Indolence, we have been living in a palace of Ulysses, in which we have simply undone half-done work, pulling in pieces at night the web we wove in the day. Mr. Disraeli: The illuetration is as novel and as striking as a Quarterly Reviewer's. Lord Salisbury: The next session at any rate must be one of real work. There can be no doubt about that; I have quite made up my mind, and I can answer for the House of Lords. The Duke of Richmond : Excuse me, Lord Salis. bury, I may or may not be Minister of Education, and I don't see what the India Offimee has to do with theendowed schools. You wouldn't like me to inter. fore between you and Lord Northbrook. But let by gones bo bygones. Sir Stafford Northoete: Especially the Endowed Schools Bill. The Duke of Richmond: But, at any rate, I am leader in the House of Lords. Mr. Disraeli: My dear Lord Salisbury, you should have gone to the Prince of Wales'e ball in the Vene tian dress which some of the reporters said I wore. It was the Windsor uniform ; but to your beef-witted foggy-brained Anglo-Saxon, Windsor and Venice are the same. You are very different, but you seem to make a similar mistake. Still, we do not live under a Venetian oligarchy, and, if we did, as Lord Malmes. bury says Lord Malmesbury: IP Mr. Dieraeli: You are not yet the Doge. Lord Salisbury : I have no taste for masquerading. How the Prince of Wales can endure such tomfooleries I cannot understand. Ho must iOnd them nsdreary Mr. James Lowther: As a rainy garden party at HIIatfield-not quite so bad as that. Mr. Ward Hunt: There is one thing which is pre eminently the work of next session. We must put our navy into proper trim. Pakington reconstructed the navy ; and so did Corry; and so will I. On one thing I am determined-I will not be content with ships on paper and a phantom fleet. Sir S. Northcote: Well, my dear Hunt, nobody can accuse you of being a phantom First Lord. But how about the surplus ? Mr. Ward Hunt: The surplus must take care of itself. I am not Slender Sir S. Northeoto: You are not what ? Mr. Ward Hunt: I say I am not Slender, and I am not going to cry " Mum" when you cry "Budget." Lord Carnarron : They are getting warm. Put in a peaceful word, Derby. They will listen to you. Lord Derby: I am quite ready to consider the pro priety of using my friendly olsices if they are desired by both parties. But I cannot interpose until I am requested to do so in an authentic and formal manner. They might ask me, " How are you hurtP" But the quarrel certainly does seem premature. Probably it must have come sooner or later; but I should have been glad if it had been later. Mr. Disraeli: All these are small matters. The great Tory cry is-The Church in danger; and by a masterstroke of policy, we hare endangered it. We are driving the High Church party to make common cause with the Liberation Society, and are converting our Nonconformist brethren-there is something of the tub in the phrase-into political Dissenters. I don't know after all whether the principle, if I may quote a favourite saying of my own, ofa Free Churcb, or Free Churches, in a Free State is not the true one. Mr. Gathorne Hardy: In a few years we shall be told that Diseetablishment was the policy of Mr. Pitt end Lord Grenville, and is the traditional doctrine of the Tory party. Lord Cairns : And that it was distinctly fore slhadowed in the ecclesiastical legislation of 1874. Lord Salisbury: And you will applaud the declara tion. Lord Cairns: That belongs to the distant future. Our next recess, Lhank Heaven, will be a real recess. The measures of this session will do again next year; and we need not be at the pains of composing a new Queen's speech. The old one will serve once more. The Judicature and Land Bills, the other half of the Endowed Schools Bill, the Friendly Societies Bill, the Army Exclianges Bill, the promised Labour Bill, will all figure again. Mr. Gathorne Hardy: Yes, we have merely re hearsed this session what we intend to perform next. Mr. Cross: Some brandy and water, if you please. We must do something to check illicit drinking in private hbouses. I have a scbeme in my-- oead Waiter (entering) : I am very sorry to inter rupt you, gentlemen, but it will soon strike Bruce-I bog your pardon-I mean Cross. Lord Salisbury's servant hIss sent for his master, and says that his lord ship has been here quite aos long as is good for him. The tea-gardons and the tap-rooms have been closed half-an-bour ago. (Clock strikes "MIsinisters hurriedly disperse.) A Mruscatl Gecrrosr.--The following is related by the Bendigo Advertiser, on the authority of a reliable person but that journal gives a carle blanche to its readers to believe it or not:-" A gentleman well known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furnitare, whom we will call Lamb, at whose establishment many en article has been "popped" by needy persons, recently sold a piano that he hlad received as a pledge to an equally well known speunletor, whom we will call Smith. Itso happened t.hat within a week after the piano had boon disposed of, Lamb departed this life rather suddenly, and wan dilly buried. Smith had had the piano removed to his parlour. One night recently be had retired to bed, and was wrapped in peaceful clumber, when, at about 2 o'clook in the morning, he was esuddenly awakened by loud and con tinued playing on his piano, which he had previously locked securely. He rushed down-stairs for the pur pose of reprimanding the supposed individual, when to bie great terror and amazement he observed, as he says, the ghost of hbis departed " uncle" walk directly and firmly from the piano'rightltbrough the front door. Being horribly frightened, he lost no time in retracing his teps upstairs. His better half was not awakend by the first performance on the piano, whioh consisted of a selection from Handel's "Messiah;" but Smith had not long been in bed before the strains were resumed, the selection this time being from Mozart's "Gloria"-the "Twelfth Mass," in which there are several deep striking notes. Smith heeard all this, and after mentally abusing the piano he reso lutely took refuge in the arms of Morpheus. His wife was awakened by the music, and immediately screamed out and endeavoured to arouse her husbond, but suoeh seemed to be an impossibility, and she herself resolved to go downstairs and ascertain the cause of this un usual musical entertainment. On reaching the room her bewilderment was greater than that of Smith, she having observed the same identical man, and under precisely the same circumstances. In a frantic state of excitement she ruheoabod upstairs, and succeeded in arousinc Smith, and informed him of what she had seen. Next morning he determined to eet rid of the awful instrument. He succeeded in doing so; but whether the same performance has been repeated at tbhe house of the individual to whom he sold it or not he is not in a nasietion to can. A?.tCArx NOTIONS.--An American gentleman named M'Oarthy has arrived at Wellington, New Zea land, from San Francisco (says the Post) bringing three new patent inventions. The first is a gas-stove, the peculiar feature of which is that it generates its own gas, from petroleum or alcohol placed in a reser voir, and made to pass through a tube in some way, which is the patent secret, in a flame, leaving the tube in the form of gas, which can be graduated to any degree of strength. In the small model shown us cold water was brought to the boil in 'two minutes. There is no unpleasant smell or danger of explosion, and the stove, which is eminently portable, can be con. structed to any size at less then half the cost of a kitchen grate capable of the same work, and its work ing expense is only about a halfpenny per hour. The second invention is a small portable filter, which screws on to a water-pipe, and will last practically an unlimited time, only requiring to be unscrewed and reversed daily. The third is a powder, which, dis solved in kerosene, prevents all risk of explosion or of the lamp-glass cracking. Indeed, the inventor states that a lamp-glass may be dipped in cold water, and then the utmost strength of the lamp turned on with out the slightest chance of the glass cracking. ENLotres ScOLEHourT.-We really are in a fair way of getting to know something of our own lan guage at last-something of our language and some thing of our literature. Men of roeal learning and ability are awakening to the conviction that even the great English poets will repay careful study, and that as much " scholarship" might be displayed in " edit ing" a play of Shakepeare as in doing the same sort of work for a fifth-rate drama of Euripides. For the classicists of the palmy days, if any such remain among us, it may be a dreary and mournful prospect, but it is one which may yet be actually realized, that a bishop should receive his mitre not for Greek not vren-horror of horrors!-for theolocy, but fpr pro found English scholarship. Such bishops woold, per haps, write more grammatically than some of the present oocupante of the bench. Unfortunately, the chief authorities just now in English literature are not clerics. Mr. Aldis Wright is even a Noncon formist, Mr. Olark has renounced his orders ; although Mr. Skeat is a clergyman, Mr. Wedgwood, Mr. Furni vall, and Dr. Morris are laymen. and Mr. Jerram is no exception. The clergy do not appear to "come out well" when we look at the ranks of those who are doing the best work in what may be well called "the new learning."- Atheneum. Ono??r Plna..-Some time ago we called attention to the extraordinary cheapness of what is called Canton plait as compared with the similar straw ware menu factured at Dunstable. It seems probable that from another quarter of the globe we are to have an ingre. dient in the manufacture of paper that shall beequally important from an economical point of view. The alfa grass that covers hundreds of thousands of acres in Algeria is an excellent substitute for rage, which become every day dearer and rarer, and is also more durable. But the supply of the valuable plant has fallen of late so short of demand that the price per ton has risen from 130f. to 2001. An influential company called the "Compagnie Franco Algerienne" has un dertaken this branch of industry; roads are already made, a railway is to be constructed through the com pany's territory to the port of Arzar, and there is every reasin to regard it as an important feature of Algerian colonization. It has also an economical ques tionthat will probably affectevery country where paper is largely used. The uses of paper, moreover, are so largely on the increase that without some new article brought into the market the manufacture must un doubtedly grow dearer. We now wear paper collars, paper hate s and though we have not gone so far as our Auslrian friends as to use paper table-napkins, there is nothing to be said against it. Those prettily stamped paper napkins supplied to us on board Aus trian Lloyd and Greek steamers have certainly one great charm. We are quite sure that they are clean, and have never been used before. Why should they not be introduced into hotels and reataurarts, where the table linen is often fictitiously clean and that is all P-Pall Mall Gaetlle. " CorounBED CHRISTIAs " Fraosrno.--It grieves us to the heart to announce a dreadful fight in the coloured Methodist Church in Fort Wayne, Indiana. One of the chief features of this painful contest was " gouging with parasols." ~rom this the dishearten ing fact may be deduced that the combatants were mainly sisters. Twelve of them have been consigned to the lookup. No fatal wounds were given during the battle, but there was a good deal of hair-pulling aunilliary to the parasol performaneo.-Americas Paper. TRAIoEZ AccD?ENT.-The death, at Dousi, is an nounced of M. Loyal, an acrobat in the cirrus bearing his name. In executing a fight along three trapezes he fell and broke his vertebral column. 