OlRUROEI OF ENGLAND. Ton following is the address from the clergy of the diocese of Goulburn presented on the 15th January to thbeloohop on the eve of hio a.op..0rtu.o for E.g land. It wasnvery beautifully illuminated: To the Right Rvorernd Father in God, SIesao, Lord SBishop of Goulburn. It y Lord,-Wo, your Lordship's clergy, desire to express before your departure for England our fael ings of strong affection and attachment to you as our Bishliop, and of thankfulness to the Great Head of the church that we are privileged to labour in a linense presided oover by your Lordship. We thank you for many onts of kindness, for the nympathy and support you have abown to us in our work, and for the wise and fatherly counsel we have Irom time to time rooeived from you. We are also deeply thankful for the great success which has so marked your Lordship'e episcopate, and truet that the divino blessing may continue to rest upon the work in which we are unaitedly en gaged. While thanking God for the past, we feel that we may take oourage for the future, for He has given the assurance, " hMy word shall not return unto me void; but it shall aocomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I nent it." We trust that your visit home may prove a season of much refreshment, and that it may also tend to the benefit of the churoch in this diocese, by enlisting on behalf of the truly missionary work in which we are engaged the prayers, sympathies, and help of our brnthron at home. It will be cheering for your Lordship to moeet again many eminent servants of God who take t deep interest in the advancement of the Rldeemoer'e kingdom; but at the came time solemn feelings will be aroused by the ahsence of many-with whom in former years you took counsal for the advancement of the best interests of Ohriot'a church. "Tney rest from their Ibours, and their works do follow them." lMay the Lord grant you and Mrs. Thomas His gracious favour and protection by the way; and may it be yours to realize the happy falfllmtntt of the promise breathed of old," Bahold I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leaveo thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of." In conclusion, we would seek a continued interest in your Lerdahip'e prayers; and may the Lord Jesus give to us all an enlarged measure of His holy spirit, that we may be faithful and effiient pastors of His flock, successful in winning soule and build ug ip His holy bhurhob. We beg to suhsoribe ourselves your Lordship's faithful and attached clergy. Ethen follow the names of the Very Reverend the Dean of Goulburn and thirty other olergymen.] The following is his Lordship's reply: Bishopthorpe, Goulburn, 16th January, 1874. To the Very Reverond the Dean of Ooulburn and the Rvoerend the Clergy of the Diocense. My'Boloved Brthren.--Accept my warm thanks for your brautiful address, which has touched my heart most deeply. Amidat the overwhelming duties of iny position in this vast missionary diocese, it is no small comfort to be assured of the affection of my faithtol clergy, and to know that the attcbment is as real on your side as it is on mine. It has been my constant theme of rejoicing that to Bishop couli be supported by a more devoted band of zeanlous, able, and efficient fellow-labourers. Our mutual relations harve been of the happiest kind; and we have been one in motiove and oe in effort. I haveo indeed ever sympathioed with ybu in your work,and hdave truly sharoel your inmy bur dens, dificulties, and triaets, which by G(iod's grace you hoave encountered with noble Christian co:ur.lge, enduring hardnes as a good soldiers of Jesus Christ. The indomitable persevooerance with which you have discharged your onerous duties has filled mu with admiration; and I acknowleoge with deep thankfulness to God the spiritual results of your labours. The progress which has characterised tho diocrse is in truth only the angregato of the indivi dual etsee-n gratnted of Gol to you in your several missions ad ponishes. But loving co-o;eration hbae imported unihynd strength to our combined efforte; and these by the divile blessing have conduced to that general succes which has clled forth your gratitude. Lang may we work together, under the guidance of the lioly Spirit, in laying dloep and itnting the foundations of the church of COnriet in this lanrd ! Thel co npletion of sixty-one huilding7s for churehen, schoolreooms, tnnd proeoa a...-h.ture, with tle early pro.pect of twnty-.sdvren others of imntilar choracter, are a strihieg pr,,,f tOat you, my belovrud tIrntbren, have won the eateem and confidunco of the Christian flly, and that the whole diocese io por?aded hy one spirit of holy cool and Christian effort for the glory of God and the welfare of His church. Ely deprlrtnro for a seuaon hs. I feel, beormo neousury. Toe uncensing mental otrrlin of t'n yenrs of toil and anxiety domanod somne mosure ofl relaxation. I usk your continoued intercersione that the visit home may he the molne of gaining spiritual strength for myoself, and of answueriog your expoet ations by aliciting enlarged assisltanuce Irom nission ury societies and from the zealous friends of the gospel on behalf of the diocese. We look for rofresh ment and benefit in renewed Ohristian intercourse with the servarnts of God in our fattherltnd--" For I long to'see them * * * that I may be com forted togtolher with them by the mutuarl faith both of them and wo." But I return to my native shores with mingled feelings, and, as you truly soy, with my helrt solemnized by the hbseneo of eo many loved and eminent Chriotiun friends now numbered with tile eints in glory everlasting. Mlry we bhe enaobled to follow them as they followed Christ! I thank you very sincerely for the reference to the precious promise of God's word (Gen. 28, 15), and for the devout wish that it may be realized in our oxperionce. These same gracious words wore sent to me as a voice from heaven on the day of my con secration at Canterbury in 1863, and have since served to sustain my soul and to lead me on with unwavering faith in this land of my pilgrimage,. It hase been my wont daily to bear you upon my heart before God in prayer, and to supplincato for you " grace, mercy, and peace from God the Fi'ther, ,nd from thie Lord Jesus Christ our S rviour." This will continue to be my privilege. taly Hie, whose mbhassadors we are, " lill you with all joy and peace in believing, that yo may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost, according to the glorious gospelof the blosued God, which was com mitted to your trust." And may you be "strong in the grace that is in ChObrist Jesus, that yo mly be ex mnples of the believers in word, in couveratlion, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity." "And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up and to give you an inheritance among all them that are sanetifled." Your affectionate friend and brother in Christ, M. GocLunvar. 