EASTER MONDAY. The annual holiday of Easter Monday was celebrated by many fhous&hds; of people, who werefavoured by right genial weather. Of late yean there has generally been some special attraction on Easter Monday, such as a volunteer demonstration, but on the 8resent occasion the' programme of pub ic amusements was almost confined to popular fflea and entertainments of thtit kind. These, in consequence, were enor mously patronised. The demonstration of the United Friendly Societies attracted im mense crowds. The cabs which conveyed the visitors to the gardens where the festivities took place formed an' to broken line from the city to the trysting place for several consecutive hpfcra, while the lme of rbptewas covered with foot-pas sengers. The annual Catholic Picnic, given this year in the Warehousemen's CnCket ground, . had also no lack of 'patrons. Steamers in the bay provided abundant means for marine excursions. There were - the Kilmore races for sportsmen; and the parks and reserves, with which Mel bourne is happily so well supplied, en abled many to spbnd 'n pleasant day in the open air. In the evening the places of dramatic entertainment were crowded: the streets of tire city were filled toalatehourhyvisitora&omvarious;] ' of the colony; and It was apparent thongh the programme ofapopi waif no one particular item of extraordinary at tractiveness, Easter Monday wss as happily spent by the great mass of hoaday-anjilttima*. any of its predecessors.^ FBEENDiY SOdEnES' . A practical illustration ofthe i Is eo frequently adopted by frieru _ and . so often tiuoted by tittle „ " Union is strength," was afforded hythese bodies writing to hold a festival tsr Monday, on the grounds set apart for their use. Adebt of £760 has been incurred in. fencing and otherwise improving the en* closure, and the object was to raise funds to reduce this liability. The Druids, for a con sideration, gave up their right to the use of theplace for the day, and the Good Templars —on condition that no intoxicating liquor* should be permitted to be sold—gave in their adhesion to the proposition, which wascar tied oat with the most satisfactory results; as at least from 12,000 to 15,000 visitors must have put in an appearance. The procession, which started from St; Patrick's hall shortly after 11 o'clock, was some what more worth seeing than usual* owing to the large number of " brethren."— and, indeed, "sisters" too, for the Good Templaresaes, shall we call them, mustered strongly—who took jpart in it, considerably above a thousand displaying themselves in regalia of varying gorgeousness. The tem perance people especially made a good show with their brilliant velvet collars, whilst the Druids gave one the idea that the chorus at the opera had dressed rather early for ' Norma," and came out to try the effect by daylight. One lorry contained the clownft and other performers of Richardson's show* and another, which was much admired, was fitted up by the Free Gardeners with ever greens, flowers, and fruit, to represent the Garden of Eden. Figures of Adam and Eve and a serpent made the symbolism apparent; hut it was surely a slight anachronism to have a dozen children in white clustered in-one of the bowers. Our first parents had1 hardly increased and multiplied to that ex tent daring their life in Paradise, but it may be that the independent cultivators have discovered a new version of the occur rences of the period. So many new manuscripts are brought to light nowadays. Four very pretty and appropriate designs' "busked" in horticultural products, held: aloft by hearers, followed, Dr. Sadden-, having offered, prizes for the best two. The cortege, winch included the Castlemaine and: Emerald-hill bandB, wended its way down* Bourke-street to its destination, and halted' at the Treasury, where "God. Save the Queen " was played; and on arriving at the grounds, the friendly societies gave a further exhibition of their loyalty by this time singing the National, Anthem. Plenty of " amusement was provided for the visitors. Music in many of its branches, from the harp> to the banjo, from the bagpipes to the accor dion, wbb to be heard wherever one strayed ;; and minstrels, in garb scarcely so romantic: as that of a Blondel or a Manrico, poured: forth their jovial or sentimental strains with effusion. A band of dusky musicians rejoicing; in the designation of the Alabama Snowfiakea; evidently on the lucus a non lucendo principle, were foremost amongst the vocalists, and: had an elevated stage on which they per formed, to the delectation of successive - crowds. A slightly different kind of melody was produced by the Good Templar choirs, who sang -several odes during the day. Richardson's Show was somewhat of a dis appointment, and did not come up to the re collections or narrations of former days. It is true that two clowns, their usual com panions, a couple of bigneaded pantomime figures, and several sturdy-limbed, tawdrily attired damsels, made a conspicuous exhi bition of themselves in front of the booth, but inmde the melodrama of ten minutes'" duration embodied for too few episodes of a. sensational character. No murder, no ghosts no hears rightful or wrongful, only a broad sword combat between a mariner of the '* shiver-me- timbers, tip us yer marlin-spike"' school, and a slavedriver, a relative of " Legree, who got severely handled, bat vowed to nave his revenge on the other by selling him some Yankee nutmegs. Of course, there was a persecuted maiden—what would/a play be without her—who looked as if could: take care of herself pretty well, hut evinced: the most unbecoming alacrity to share tha fortunes of "Poor Jack" aforesaid, and lastly, an old nigger with a taste not foe - " going into poetry," but breaking into song ; at every opportunity. The dim ensions of the - stage would not admit of additional dramatis . persona. If people went here to be amused* mother parts of the paddock they were abla to divert themselves. Dancing was much 9 indulged in,and the solemnity of the viBages, no less than the peculiar movements of many - of the coupes engaged in it, was quite worthy - ofBtudy. No undemonstrative gliding there, but real saltation, and such an amount o£ twirling tfa made one giddy to gaze at. Then there were athletic and High- - land sports for the more vigorously inclined, and Punch and Judy for those undesirous of more active exertion than a - hearty laugh, and swings, whiriigigR, and, all the usual accompaniments of popular - gatherings. Besides all these, a mora - utilitarian mode of lightening the poc ket of superfluous cash was afforded by a. Brace's auction, which was undertaken by - several well-known wielders of the hammer - in the city, who disposed of all sorts of' articles, useful, ornamental, and nondescript; in some instances to great advantage. Several booths ministered to the creature comforts ■ of the crowd, and everything connected with. the affair—in the promotion of which Mr. J. Boyd, the president of the trustees of the - Friendly Societies' ground, was very active— passed off most harmoniously. The amount - taken at the gates in entrance fees was £771. 7s. 10cL, independent of which £250 was received from the previous sale of 5,00(1 tickets, so that the total proceeds, irrespeo tive of moneys derived from various sources in the enclosure, reached the handsome sum. of £1,021 7s. lid., which not only will ex tinguish the debt, hut leave a large surplus for future improvement of the grounds. 