THE PRESENTATION CONVENT. A RECEPTION OR CLOTHING. On Thursday morning another of these very imposing and religious ceremonies took place at the Church of the Apostles, when Miss Honorine Beechinor took the religious habit and was admitted a member of the community of the Presentation Convent, Launceston. Miss Beechinor is niece of His Lordship the Bishop of .Hobart Town, the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, nd of the Lady Superioress bf the Preentation Convent; and is a sister of the Revds. D, F. X. Beechinor, and M. J. Beechinor, and of Sister Frances Xavier, all of whom were present and took part in the ceremony. The morning was beautifully fine, and as might have been anticipated the hand-, some Church of the Apostles was crammed to excess, and as sixpence each was charged for admission, the Convent funds benefited greatly thereby. Everything bad been prepared in the church for the occasion. In front of the grate at the chancel rails, a carpet' had been spread for the convenience of . the postulant, and her robe, belt, veil, mantle, were placed in silver baskets on . a bench at the grate, and two rows of seats near the chancel had been kept for the accommodation of the community. Shortly after 11 o'clock the organ, under the manipulation of Miss Dowling, pealed forth the opening notes of the hymn "O Gloriosa Virginium," and a procession emerged from the sacristry; the choir, a very efficient one, which was under the conductorship of Mr Roper, proceeding with the hymn. The procession was as follows :—Eleven acolytes,' followed by nine clergymen, viz., Very Rev. Vicar-General (J. W. Dunne)/ Deans Butler and 'O'Connell, Revs, j T. Woods, J. Fe ehan, . D .. F.. . X, . Beechinot, 'M.'KSohai^'MrJ. Beechinto, T. Kelsh ; then the Bishop with his pastoral staff, followed by two little" girls attired in bridal array, called bridal angels," the croBB-bearer (MISB Hadfield), also in bridal costume ; four more bridal angels, three nuns, the postulant, elegantly dressed as a bride, the rear being brought up by three mote of the community. All in the procession had lighted tapers, and paissed up the left aisle in front of the organ, down the middle able to the chancel, which was entered by the acolytes and the clergy, the Novice taking up her position at the grate in a kneeling posture, with the " bridal angels" and nuns ranged in suitable positions in proximity. The service then commenced, His Lordship the Bishop acting as celebrant, and wearing his jewelled mitre and the. magnificent cope which he wore at the ^Ecumenical Council. The Revs. M. J. Beechinor and John Feehan acted as Deacon and Sub-Deacon respectively, wearing splendid vestments recently obtained from Rome; and the Rev. ID. F. X. Beechinor acted'as Master of Ceremonies. Several prayers having been duly said by the Bishop, he blessed a candle and presented it to the postulant saying : "Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light as an emblem of the inward light, to dispel 5 all the darkness of ignorance or error, that, being illuminated with the light of Divine wisdom, with the fervour of the Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the Church, who liveth and reigneth with God the Father, in the unity of God the Holy Ghost, world without end." THE SERMON. The Rev. J. T. Woods then ascended the pulpit, and preached an eloquent and impressive discourse from St. Luke's Gospel i, 73 and 74, (Douay version)— " That being delivered from the hands of our enemies we may serve Him without fear. In holiness and justice before Him all our days." After glancing at the occasion on which the words of the text were spoken—tlio presentation of Christ in the Temple—and "by whom, and referring to the depth of the love and gratitude expressed in them to God when Simeon saw the Lord brought into the Temple, and the fulfilment of the promises made so long before to Abraham, he went on to say that Simeon had spoken the words on the occasion of what was thought to be restoration in Israel of the only true and living God, but lie was unconsciously speaking of the resstoration of those things in a way then unhoped for, in a way the world but little desired, in a way which tended to glorify God and to sanctify souls. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to review the manner in which the stupendous work of redemption was fulfilled, and how difficult it was for people of that day to realise that the consequences of sin should be nullified by the incarnation of Jesus Christ. He then remarked upon the ceremony of the day, and said the object for which they assembled on that occasion was one which surely must be regarded as out of keeping with the ideas and theories current in what had been called these days of enlightenment and civilisation; out of keeping with the thoughts of the world, because it could not recognise, could not understand the meaning of the sacrifice, as they called it. They of the nineteenth century, with its advanced civilisation, could not understand it; their thoughts were wholly engrossed with the pleasures and riches of the world, while this ceremony was of a totally different character. It was rare that in this land they found any dedicating themselves to live for and serve God, and to lead a life of labor to benefit God's poor, but though this was an age of progress, and though civilisation was never more advanced, there never was a time perhaps when such a sacrifice, if it might be called that, was more needed, when such a noble protest against the follies of the world came with greater' effect than at the present. For though the world prided itself upon its advancement, they might look with horror upon the amount of ignorance and crime which prevailed. It was to remedy some of this that such sacrifices as that they were about to witness —an example of a. noble and courageous soul willing to give up the pleasures of society, of the world, willing to sever those associations and connections of home and kindred, that a little might be done to alleviate the distress which the sorrowful wailings of a wicked world proclaimed to exist. Some would , say is it not hard and unnatural to see the young renounce the world ? He could understand that. The world had no sympathy with the object in view ; but he would not suppose those resent that day were of similar opinions, Eut would recognise in the act of that ilay the act of a soul filled with courage, devotion, and. the will, to serve God. Ihe preacher then proceeded glance at the motives which must induce aCfiris^ to. take, .upon her.such vows, .and said the callTof <3od murt be really recognised fa. the step to be taken* The call might co ma like the call'of God'to Samuel in ^ temple, at a time unexpected. It mioU be misunderstood, but like as' when Samuel on enquiry found that the call came not, from earth but from above he at once obeyed, so with such calls now. Tliev might be misunderstood, and for a tim. thought hard, and perhaps rejected but again they came and were then cornp]j ej with. The path of duty might be,in remote parts of the world where the missionary exposed himself to death with no other weapon than the crucifix; or on the battle field to give solace to the dying ; to bind the wounded spirit and comfort the de parting soul; it might be in the loathsome gaols and hospitals, in a life of austerity ; — but whichever the path, the following of it was the result of the same feeling—love to God, and it was this lo Ve to God which prompted the present sacrifice. The rev. gentleman then proceeded with an earnest exhortation to the posttilant, and prayed that those who had seen the commencement of the sacrifice that day would" aWo see the end of it, when all should be irradiated in the presence of Jesus ChriBt in his glory for all eternity At the close of the sermon his lordship proceeded with the ceremony. The Re V Superioress having raised the postulant from her seat, she and the mother-as. sistant conducted her to the rails, where the bishop proposed the questions : My child what do you demand ? The mercy of God, the holy liabit of religion, the charity of the Order, and the society of the mother and sisters. Is it with your free will and consent you demand the habit of religion 1 Tes, my Lord. The Bishop (to the rev. Superioress)- Rev. Mother, have you inquired into the other points necessary to be known for those who enter into religion, and are you fully satisfied ? Yes, my Lord. The Bishop—My dear child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life/ and do you" think you have sufficient strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ, for the love and fear of God alone 1 The Novice—Relying on the mercy of God, and on the prayers of the mothers and sisters, I hope to be able to do so. The Bishop —What God has commenced in you may he himself perfect. May the Lord banish from you the old man with his works. The postulant then proceeded to the sacristy to change her secular dress, and during her absence the choir beautifully chanted " In exitu Israel," and " Lamkk Pueri," and the Bishop blessed her outer dress, which was conveyed to the sacristy. After a quarter of an hour's absence the postulant re-entered and. the choir commenced the antiplion Quce est ista—" Who is she that cometh up from the desert, flowing with delights, leaning upon her beloved ? Thou art all fair, my beloved, milch and beautiful. Come my spouse, from Libanus: come from Libanus ; come, thou slialt be crowned." The postulant, after the CUE> tomary prayers, was presented by the rev. Superioress with the cincture (or girdle) and remaining part of the dress, the celebrant saying " When thou wast younger, thou did'st gird thyself and did'st walk where thou would'st; hut when thou shalt be old, another shall gird thee. In the name of the Father, '' The Bishop afterwards. conferred the name in religion of.the novice, Sister Columba, when the choir chanted Btgi}*® mundi ; and the noviee having been raised by the mother assistant retired a feff paces from the rails, and sang Eridam cor meum, verbutn bonurn ; d m ego opcr _mea regi ; the choir responding Quern ""!' quern amavi, in quern credidi, quem dikn, &c.; The novice then prostrated herself on the floor, and the choir sang Vcni CreaW Further prayers followed,"" tue rsisnop sprinjnea tne novice mi" - water ; after which she rose and salute in turn the community. Bete Bonum, Deus Miseratur, and other l> sa followed, the episcopal benediction"^ pronounced,, and the procession reform and filed into the sacristy in the samc as it .had entered. • The throughout the long service was composed, but rather pale and esI>» B at the end. • The usual dejeuner yras served «P U convent afterwards.. CONVULSIONS EN". None but anxious mothers know t» of " teething time," and the nun* ^ no more innocent help than J> ^jrli, son's American Soothing oF-' 1 ;: t^ applied to the infant's gum »» e ^ pain and prevents convulsions. (r0]]1iine is deservedly popular. • F. goi* withoutthe name of "Barclay s(nlllp. Farringdon-street," is on w ^fc Sold by all chemists, »t 2s aa Agent—Mr Spicer, Launceston. 