[?] THE ROOT AND BITTERNESS OF ROME. ( To the Editors of the Proicstfint Standurd. ) Sirs, — The roof of the evil will be clearly seen on shewing how the Romish mockery came to steal and wear so long the mask of Christianity. First of all, it found piety, if not dead, very faint and feeble, and so inc.apable of effective resistance. There w.as no Popery at Pentecost ; and a perpetual Pentecost would have rendered Popery a perpetual inpossibility ! Even before the Apostolic era ended, the love and devotion and heavenly-mmdedncss of the Church were dying down, .and before the second century closed there was very little left ; and as every man knows by himself, when lukowarmness makes him legal, or a loose profession of the Gospel makes his conscience disturbed and dis contented, he is so far a Papist. He begins instinctively to look about for some other saving name than that which God has given. You c.an easily understand how the root of bitter- ness began to spring up in a loose and legal age. Ceasing to look to Jesus for a justification, men were constrained to look to something else ; and the first thing thought of was baptismal water. Everything was done to exaggerate its import ance, and increase its value. Oil was put on the receiver's head, to show his consecration as a spiritu.al priest, and an exorcism was used to expel the devil ; and the notion began to prevail that baptismal water was the second birth, and washed all sin away. But, as it w.as too evident th.at many left the lUllb, illlU bUUlk UlU 01119) cJb ItSciSb bliUil UlU. hearts, with them, it became needful to find some supplemental salve ; and as men were now looking, not to the living Christ at the Father's right h.aud, but to material and palpable substi tutes, they fixed on the other " sensible sign," and to backsliders, or dying worldlings who wished to make their salv.ation sure, they said, ' ' Receive this other sacrament ; eat Christ's body, and obtain eternal life." And just .as they had magnified the initial rite of Christianity into a regenerating magic (hocus pocus), so, on the same principle, they transformed the memorial feast into a saving mystery ! The .alertness of an enlightened understanding, and the docility of a meek and believing heart were no longer needed, so much as the exact perform ance of a mechanical process. It was no longer, ' ' This is life eternal, to know Thee, the only true God, and .Tesus whom Tliou hast sent ; " no longer, "God gave His Son that who helieveth in Him should not perish ; '' but " wash, and be clean — eat, and live." It was no longer salva tion (solely) by the blood and righteousness of Christ ; but salvation by baptismal water, salvation by the eucharistic wafer. Now it is the tendency of humanity, depr.aved and carnal, continually to substitute the material object for the unseen and the spiritual change. To this propensity vital Christianity is strongly opjjosed. No doubt the Gospel preaches to our eyes and other organs in baptism and the Lord's Supper, and the Incarn.ation itself may be regarded as a gracious concession to the soul's craving after some palpable manifestation of the invisible Supreme. But still, in its very genius, Christi<anity is moral, not mechanical ; spiritual, not material. "It is not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, .and joy in the Holy Ghost. However, the inveterate bias of the human heart is to make it meat and drink, and to put fasts and festivals in the place of righteousnes and religious rejoicing. 'This is human nature, and this is Romanism ! It consults man's carnalism. It eases man's conscience without changing the will. It cannot put Christ in the heart, but it can hang a cross round the neck. or press a crucifix close to the bosom, it can not make tongues of flame leap again on the brow of its ministers, but it can set on the head of its bishops a dichotomous mitre. It cannot wash the robes of the immortal spirit in the great expiation, but it can bleach the surplice white as snow. It cannot clothe its members in what is better than linen pure and whi'te — the righteousness of Christ, but it can clothe its friars in brown serge and grey flannel. It can not sprinkle the clean water of renovating grace on the conscience ; but for sixpence a pint it can shower holy-water on men's hands and their faces. It cannot tell much about Jacob's ladder, nor about that living Avenue of access, who says of Himself, "I am the way; "but it can tell how many steps of Pilate's staircase will take you to heaven ; and it knows which spot of the surface — whetiier Rome, Jerusalem, or Lorreto — is the farthest from Purgatory. And though it dare hardly hope salvation for heretics like Leighton, and Ussher and Howard, it has a sure and certain hope of a glorious resurrection for the drunken debauchee who in his stertorous convulsions could haidly swallow the 'viaticum, but who, with monks chanting masses for his soul, now sleeps in the odour of sanctity, and locked up from the Devil's reach in the fire-proof safe of a consecrated burying ground. And 0, proh- pudor, wh.at a finale ! I am. Sir. vours. NEMO. P.S. — Will the Hon. "B," of the Herald (Bede, eh ?) condescend to deign a review, and gain the rank of "Reviewer-reviewed." 