OMENS FROM THE OTELER WOULD. A mysterious knocking, never heard Mi any otha tone; - tells the Lords of Bampton that one of ..their race is hound for toe silent land. A stamping by unseen feet on the palace floor predicts a death in the family of the ducal house of Modena. A sturgeon forcing its way np the Trent towards Clifton TT«11 is a sign that the Ciiftons of Nottinghamshire will have to pat on mourning. For some days before toe death of the heir of the Breretonsj the trunk of a tree is to beseen floating on the lake near the family mansion. Two giant owls perch upon toe battlements iff Waidonr Castle when an Arundel's last hour has come. If a Devonshire Oxenham is about to die, a white-breasted bird flatters ova the doomed one's head. A local ballad refect®3 how, on toe burial eve of Mar garet; heiress of the brave and gene rous Sir James Oxenham, a silver - breasted bird flew ova toe wedding guests jast as Sir James rose to acknow ledge their congratulations. Hie next day the bride fell dead at toe altar, stabbed fcv a discarded lover. Howell saw a tombstone in a stonecutter's shop in Fleet-street in 1862, inscribed, with toe namto of sundry persons, who thereby attested -toe fact that "John Oxenham, Maiy, Jus sister; James,:his eon j and ' Elizabeth, his mother, had each and all died -with a white4>reasted bird fluttering , above .. their beds, ' A family of Loch fianza Arran know when one of their kin is about to die by -an invisible piper playing a lament on to hill-ride. When death proposes visiting a M'Lean, of Tocbbuty, the unwelcome calla is heralded by toe spirit of a battle-slain ancestor ringing the b'"t on bis faiiy bridle, as he gallops" twice round the old homestead As a rale, death-announcing phantoms are of the feminine gender. No Lady Holland ex pects to shuffle off this mortal coil until ehe has seen a shadowy counterfeit pre sentiment of herself Hie Middletons of Yorkshire as becomes an ancient Catho lic hoose, have a Benedictine nun to apprise them of a reduction in to® num ber of Middletons. A weeping, mourn ing, earthly sprite warns the Stanleys of the death of a distinguished member of the family. A. hairy-armed girl, called May Moollach, brings the like sad news to the Grants, of Grant ; the Bodacham- dun, otherwise the ghost of the hiil, pa- forms the office for the Grants of Botfaiemnrcus, -- and most old families boast their own familiar inn, riiee, whose wailing; screaming, and weeping, tells them' the head of the house 'tnust make room for his heir. Lady Fanshaw, visiting the head of an Irish sept in his moated baronial grange, was made aware that banshees are not peculiar to Scotland. Awakened at mid night by an awful, unearthly scream, she beheld, by the light of the moon, a female form at the window of ha room, which was too far from toe ground for any woman of mortal mould to reach. The creature owned h pretty, pale fece, and red, dishevelled hair, and was clad in the garb of old— veiy old — Ireland, After exhibiting herself some time, toe interesting spectre shrieked twice and Dished. When Lady Fanshaw told her host what she had seen he was not ab t surprised. "A near relation," smd he, " died last night in this castle. We kept our expectation of toe event from you lest it should throw a cloud ova the cheerful reception which was yonr due. Now, before Bach an event happens in the family, and castle, the female spectre you saw always becomes visible. She is believed to be the spirit of a woman of inferior rank, whom one of my ancestors married, and whom he afterwards caused to be drowned in -toe moat, to expiate the dishonnnr ifon tn oar x&eqS;'—jA.H the Year Jiound, 