THE FATAL OCCURRENCE AT DRY CREEK The Inquest. On Wednesday, July 29, lb. T. Ward, J. P., held an inquest at the Terminus Hotel, North terrace, on the "body of Thomas Conway, a quanyman, aged 20 years, who was crushed to death by a fall of stone at Dry Creek on-the previous afternoon. Mr. H. A. Crawford waa Foreman. William Gosee, M.D., deposed that between 3 and 4 o'clock p.m. on the previous- day 'Mr. Calf asked him to go up to Dry Creek. On reaching the quarry saw the body of deoeased. He was dead. There was a se verefraoture of' the skull, sufficient to kill any man instantly, and a compound fracture of the left leg,- with great laceration of the muscles, as also-a frac ture of the right thigh. A -stone was pointed out to deponent, which was said to have fallen from a considerable height and had struck deceased on the skull, thus caudng the fracture. Deceased was brought to the Terminus with the other man who was injured. Did not know what occasioned the fall of the stone. Michael Conway, labourer, of Dry Creek,' identified the body, and said—I was not at.work - with deceased at the time of the acoideut. Last; saw him alive a fortnight ago. His habits'were steady. He was single. Robert McBurnie, ganger, .of Bowden, stated —Last saw deceased alive about 10 minutes past 3 yesterday afternoon. He was quarrying stone; with James Hayes about a quarter of a mile. from Hie Stockade. Spoke to both, and .warned - them not to be too rash or get too close. Conway. moved away about five feet from Hayes, who ■ had the crowbar. I then turned to oross the ; railway line, and got 10 yards away when 1 heard stone fall, though it did not cause a great crash. . Went back immediately, and saw deceaBad lavinp- unon a larere stone on his face. Ho appeared dead, and was quite motiopless. Hayes. was on his hands and knees. He- turned over and sat upright, saying "My leg is broken." He was quite confused, and could tell netting of the occurrence. I did not see the stone despeod. Went at once to the Stockade and telegraphed' to town, Both were perfectly sober when I left* them. Conway was a teetotaller. They have been working together far months, and always seemed on good terms with each other. I cautioned them because Hayes was ■ rather 7 venturesome.' The stones they were quarrying did not weigh more than a cwt. and a half. - The stone could not hav? had a fall of mora than eight feet, that being the height of the bank... Two small stones were lying on deceased's left leg. The body was then removed to town. I assisted. By the Foreman—HayCs was • not wrenching the stones that fell—they were above. 1 believe the stuff that came down had been loosened by the action of the crowbar below— they contain numerous fissures. Eichard Webb, labourer, of Bowden, deposed that he was working in the quarry about five. yards from deceased. Heard the sound of some- ■ thing falling, and felt a stone strike his leg. Looked round and saw deceased lying on his - face and Hayes crawling a way. Ban to Hayes, *■ and then glanced at Conway, who was Evidently dead. The right leg was doubled under bim, , and the foot stretched out " beyond the, head. W itness's back was turned towards deceased at the time, and he did not see the accident. The ■ body was taken to the truck on a door. By -the Foreman—Could see where the stuff fell from— there was-some loose earth about there. By a Juror—The cause of the fall was a slip of the; earth. The men working below might, have hastened tile slip. The bank was slightly under-, mined—about one foot. The ganger, Mr. McBurnie, cautioned deceased and Hayes several times during the .day. There was no loose stone. where the stuff fell from. The deepest part of the quarry was about 12 or 13 feet from the .top: of the bank. Heard the ganger advise the men\ to leave the place and attend "to some other., work, and if they had done so the. occurrence) would not have taken place. James Martin, miner, of Bowden, who was... working in the quarry about 18 or 20 feet from - deceased, corroborated, but thought that the. stone that was supposed to 'have fallen weighed' from one and a hair cwt. to two cwt. He jUso. added that every precaution to ensure safety ^ seemed to have been taken, and that deceased .. and Hayes were not sufficiently careful. , Detective-Constable D. Ramsay said ha. went with Mr. Calf, the Traffic -Manager, and Dr. Gosse-to Dry Creek, and assisted in bringing ; deceased to Adelaide. Found Is.. 8£d on his-', person, also a knife and syringe. Saw attho quarry a large stone near deceased,, the corner ' of which was marked with blopd., The' Coroner pointed out that according to. the evidence deoeased had hot been sufficiently careful, and said it appeared quite clear to him ^ that there was no blame attachable to-any persbn. The Jury, after a short retirement, .returned. a verdict of accidental death, > . Pabsonage ,at AuBWB«.r-Jul^ 2P wis e gal* , day -with, the Anburnitoa, especially with the Episcopalian residents, being' the day.&xed; for laying- the -principal stone of St.! John's Par-, sbnage. The weather was splendid; Nahd at S o'clock a large number of people assmnbledto -witness the ceremony, After prayer^ offered by theBer. C. W. Hawkins, Uwiogjimbanfc, the, memorial, which' had .been polished, and. which, bore the folio wingwor da cutiait by Mr. T. Priest,^ of Mintaro, "This stone was'laid on the29th^ July, 1€74," was placed ready.. Mr. Baker,_the_ contractor, handed a trowel .hx Mrs. Hawkins,; who used the lavsl and, trcyel expertly." Mr., Hawkins gave, an.address. aod,doncluded by; readings cops,of Hie record, which had. been with coins deposited, under the stone. The. document, which was handsomely engrossed by the minister, said:—*' In the faith- of Jesus. Christ , we lay the foundation- stone. of this parsonage-house in the name of the Father,^ and! of the Son, and oh the- Holy Ghost. . Ampn/ On the 2$th day of. July,18Zi, in the-38ihyear of the reign of Her. Most Gracious Majesty. Queen Victoria^ and the 28th year, of the bh* copateof Augustus, IiordBishop,of Adelaide. His. Excellency Anthony Musgrare, Bsq.,C.M.G.^ beings Governor of the: Province; CfcarLps. "Wrjothegley Hawkins, Incujnbent.; Wm. Rossi, John Baker, Churchwardens ft Building Com mittee—J. S» Bloechmore, A. Symea, W„ K, i Long, D. & Berry, J. Baker, W. & B&rkla;, W» G. Long, J-. W. Castine, Rd. Spicer, B» Home." After a collection, the assemblage adjourned ta the Town Hall, wherb toe , had been provided by ladies and bachelors; Afterwards the Preeideii presided, and Apologies, for the absence of the Bora. J. A. Boake, H. Howitt,-C. G. Taplin, and J. ■ Houghton were | read. An interesting account o£ his reoent visit to the Northern Territory was.'given by the i Chairman, several' anthems were contributed by I the Church of England Choit^a sacred Song was rendered by Mrs. Rossi, and readings were given by varions gentlemen.. Mass B&rkla;, on behalf of the ladies of the oongregatioc, presented the Chairman with a surplioe aa --aeo^all token of regard. - It was announced thattfae amount raised towards thebuftdWg fund during Jha day ' exceeded-£22, '• • 