C&STKRTON.; (tbom oub own oorrzepondknt. ) Febranary 19. We have had a visit from foe Hon. Mr. Eraser, who expressed his pleasure at trar part of foe country— in fact, he was very agreeably surprised with it and the Targe area under cultivation. He also made an official visit to our Court House; which as you know it a building ranted fortbepnrpoac and used also as a land office. The Minister waa inter viewed, and he pronounced the premises to be disgraceful for conducting important busi ness in, and where ocr provision was made either for foe arrangement for records, or for carrying out foe woik properiy in connec tion with such important branches of foe pnblic service. Oar worthy C. P.S. end Land Officer showed, to the satisfaction of the Minister, how every effort bed beenmade to remedy the evils, bnt in vain. It eras also' pointed ont how very inconvenient foe new Conrt House, now bring' erected, wonld be, from it email size, sod the want also of proper offices, eepeaally for foe bntinere of the land department, which every day is becoming greater. I understand Chit ian official report IB tii be sent to town 00 foia subject Wheat ha bad a tendency downward since Saturday, and is being-brought into town just now in large quantities. Sunday brought nun, and every one seemed thankful for toe refreshing showers. Sandford has been associated with an many queer 1 hinge, that it does ant seem strange that a ghost has been seen wandering about on foe road to Caaterton. The spot where foe spirit haunts is situate about s mile out of Sandford, and there are both men and women who testify in the matter. I suppose foe wind op will be foat a ghost will come to grief, with foe aid of powder and foot— any how, the people in said quarter are alarmed, and positively believe in the exiatanoe of a spirit, Ac. Mr. Leon's grand display of mesmerism and dissolving views, Ae., came off in tbe State school on Tuesday night. The proprie tor did his beat to amuse foe people, and there was "plenty for your money," but it was quite impossible to enjoy it, in conse quence of foe smoke and arali anting from half-a-dozen pipes and cigars which some ill- mannered persons chose to smoke in foe ' room. There was also a tipsy Irishman pre sent in foe audience, who would on ex- ' plaining his ideas iff foe views, and had be confined himself to parliamentary language, the interruption might have been put up with without' much grumbling, but the follow made use of the meet disgusting phrases, mod was most abusive to those who were bold enough to call him to order. Had he been in some of the towns in Victoria, he would soon have fonnd himself pitched nut into foe gutter. Such scenes as these are the mesne of keeping away many respectable people from shows of a pnblic character. and the proprietors are losers as well as the people. - Wheat, 4a 3d to 4s 64. 