VICTORIAN NOTES; |SgB.'.-T.(Fram'i our -own- Correspondent.)' f: r If' it1, be true that the ... Victorian lading do not:. know, - the ilitical 'principles. of our representa ves ' who;.are .-.to constitute" the en ijng:'-Parliament,i/iit ^followsas a patter of.course that an appeal to the ... v^Jflintry is mere nonsense^ The 'Airgus^ |i^^clares emphatically that there is' a fi*7- Slrge . majority- against i the 'Ministry. - e asserts as emphatically that ere,;is a, majority, in: its favor,-and a; ^( Reading jpurual vouches that the presentation is nearly all " doubt How w.-'tbat'' (poBsibleDid .tfOci'T47/ toot -'"these ' g^ " candidature, go from meeting to meet ing- expressing their political senti ments and getting votes of confidence in return; _ and. are we now to learn that the election speeches bad neither meaning, truth, nor honesty in them. The Attorneys is, it seems," less sanguine than.the Age, ;for 5he' has/taken refuge;6n.the bench, and the State ship ipust^ have teen in troubled J water tefore^he took to the .lifeboat.. . . ^ / to give himtfair play, is said to be by far tlie best man :in ;the Ministryj' atid if lie5 hadMr. Grant in the Lands Department and "Wrixon aB: ? Sblicitor-Geueral- 'he! might still ; wfeather-the' Btbrm; Mr.-Casey, asBum ing'aVdicktorshipj the self-bonstituted judge',-in hisown cases, and Mr. Kerferd, with his hand against every man and'every man's hand against him, would pull down any Ministry. After ""all, however, Mr. Francis is getting .the, .same measure that he helped to mete out to Duffy. The Governor had no right to refuse Mr. Duffy' an appeal to the country, and r his i refusal.'was an act of gross in justice, because if Mr. Duffy had gone to. the country he would have 'triumphed. . It is mere fudge; to .tell us, that money will be put on the, estimates for a pier -at Portland and a break water at. Warrnambool and, ,tbe Ministry does not' intendjtp fulfil.such promise. If it did it would, have reversed, the: order and r placed the breakwater at Portland; but Portland has'^bfreri/; promised a. breakwater . so long thai: I fancy it would not believe ^ Joha^Hogan's- ghost , or:. the spirit of 1 Spehsley ,if.; tliey ;were toi predict one now. I believe, .however,, that the : Ministry ^will . honor ; Mr. Must by : sending,,.^tbe, . ,'next,,. tyro> cargoes;: of immigrants to Portland, and I doubt much .whether that : will help'the Aus tralian Liverpool - very much. . Five or six: hundred penniless paupers bundled at' one fell swoop on a com niuriity, not a. bit too rich itself, will raise the . price of; provisions and reduce tbat of the little labour that is; and then the immigrants will- take unto themselves the wings of .the morning Sand leave Portland poorer than they found it. ; Alas, poor Portland! she is now threatened: with toll gates, hordes of immigrants, and a jetty ; . but no mention-is made of her ! railway or her breakwater: f If Mr. Casey fancies that he has the selectors as a class on his side he is sadly mistaken, for Ihaye beard scores j of selectors aver that-one of their i objections to farming/in "Victoria is j the fact that the selectors there have to depend entirely on the capricious pleasure of that individual without a written law to guide and direct them ; and judging from the Power like assault lately made on the Savings' Bank, they would not wonder if. Mr. Casey in a crocbetty mood was to in troduce* a bill of repudiation and de-. prive them of their selections. In short; they have no confidence in him,: and believe that he has assumed an amount of power dangerous in the hands of any individual. As for Mr. Casey's homes for the people, I believe that is all fudge. I live in the centre of a wide selected district, and I know of my own knowledge chat every selection in it is now open for sale. A capitalist, if he pleases, can have the whole district at about £3 per acre, and the selectors will all .book it away to Riverina to get rid of Mr. Casey and .his impossible conditions. If Mr. Kerferd thinks that his assumption ot the Attorney-General ship gives increased confidence to the people .he is: equally mistaken. " Mickle din and little woo'," " Plenty law and. little justice,'.' ' are proverbs harped upon by the people. When Mr. Stephen aided bim in administer ing justice (and two :heads are surely better than one)'Themis went stagger ing about.as if she bad been -wounded A»gin-Courfc." Men without crime very narrowly escaped the gallows... If, therefore,Justice went so much away under two directors, what are we, to aspect from one.. Mr. Francis certainly got rid of the rivalry of Messrs. Fellows and Micbie very adroitly, .although in doing so he saddled. tKe.: people with new taxes for increased salaries to the .judges ; but who.- then would have dreamt of; -McCulloch jumping up like the ghost of Banquo, and >a worse ghoBt .could not baVe.appeared on the scene. With his kilt aud claymore, a Roderick Dhu, lie will, take no tip, no place, no pension; not even an Agent-General ship.;; . i j ;ffiCah'nought but blood ourfeud atone ; Ave there no means ? No,Francis; none!" 