IT might have beenmýoxpected that the amiable and high.spirited leaders of her Majesty's Opposition in the Legislature of the colony, would not allow Mir. Parkea's recent deliverance at Wollon gong to go unhonoured by some re. spondo or comment, exhibiting in their most favourablo light the candour, liberality, and moderation which usually characteriso their words and deeds in relation to the present Ministry. Such an expectation?nas realised with little delay, when, of tbo Wednesday follow. ing the deliveorico of the speech in question, that illiustrious demagogue, Mr. John ltoberteon, moved the ad. journneont of the House for the purpose of entertaining those who might think it worth while to listen to him, with some remarks in his choicest style on the Premier's postprandial oration. Mr. John Robertson and Mr. Win. F'orstor ani te'o most prominent members of the Opposition : but the former is, we sup. pose, to be distinctively regarded as the leader of that party, since he has at least one unrelenting follower, while Mr. Forstor, so far as we can understand, has nono,-and probably objects to followers as much as certain ladies are said to do when hiring a s rvant, or as Mr. Robertson ob ots e a leader, Mr. Forstor is, how or, suppose, one of the three leaders' who,ith two follow. ors, as Mr. Parkes says, 'avo, on one or more ocoasions, constituted the strength of the anti.ministorial party, when the strength of the ins and the outs was to be tried; and Mr. Roberteon's dislnto. rested regard for the "able and pure. minded statesmen" who once eharacter. ised him and his colleagues as "enthroned on a dnnghill of corruption," no doubt prompted the virtuously.indignant com. plaint which he made in commencing his speech, that Mr. Parkes " had gone to the constituenoy of a loading member of the Opposition, and had turned that honourable member into ridicule, and travestied all the acts of the party with which that honourablo member noted." This excellent specimen of colonial poli. tioians wont on, it appears, to remark that, though Mr. Parkas '"?twp much in the habit oel,quotingi English precedent, he would flid it difliault to find a preco. dent for such conduct as this," ['hero are, of course, many political as well as other conditions in which it is of the greatest importance to be able to appeal to precedent. But theor are other air. oumstances in which such an appeal only indicates a want of moral independence and individual strength of character, Rules and technicalitios aside, first.rato men do not talk much about precedent s and the habit of doing so is, we think, one among Mr. Parkes's weaknesson. But nothing could be more foolish than Mr. Robertson's talk on the sane nob. jest, No one on the Treasury bonoh thought it worth while to reply to that worthy's donanciationa'; or he might appropriately hivo boon invited to fur. nilsh an Eugliqb pyoiedonut for hin own conduct, and to show, so ?o instance where an eminent leader of Qpposition in the Imperial Parliamosnt hd moved the adjournment of the Hlouse of Com. mons for, the purpose of complaining of .an aftor.dinner speech delivered by the First Lord of the Treasury, at sonme plnace within the bounds of an Opposition constitnonoy. 14 there had been four instead of throee C'onservatives returned at the recent election for the oily of London, would any of them have had ground for complaint if Ar. (Ihdstono, invited to dinner by a numbher of his friends in that city, had taken the op. portunity ofdolunding, and oven slightly pulling his own Government, and of mildly ridicaling noosi of the doings of ilis opponents. Such a proposition needds only i plain statomont, in order to be at onOe scouted : nor do we suppose that the mont jualouss of guamoe.prnorving equsireas anisg the parlismuntiry fol. lowers of Mr. I)inradii, wonrl desire to extend the lawn against ponhinlg no as to lembrace Ithat ipartlular form of the pllimnto lvyhih 1i dinonntced in 1Il' ,4A. sombly by Messrs. John Robertson and Thomas Garrott;-for we regret to ob. servero that the latter, with ability, indus. try, and experience sufficient to'socure for himself an independent parliamen. tary position, appears systematically to prefer the ofice of henchman to a very disroputable chief. It is supposable that Mr. Parkes originally intended to say what lie had to say to his old friends and constituents at Kiama: but, finding at least as good an opportunity at Wol. longong as he was likely to have at Kiama, simply took advantage of it ab it occurred. It is almost to be regretted for Mr. Forstor's sake that Mr. Parkes's speech was not delivered at Kiama, as that philosopher might then have fbund special occasion for the thousand and first of his ingenious and elegant refer. ences to the "Kiama Ghost." ,I was certainly rather annoying that, v\kether by accident or design, Mr. -'Parkes should have come in for a reception which would, probably, not have boon accorded to the ungenial, waspish, and vindictive politician who sits in the present Parliament as the representative of Wollongong. Mr. Forstor's election was, if we recollect right, one of those eminently unsatis. factory examples of the working of re. presentativo institutions in their present rnde form, in which the successful can. didate has only a comparative majority iu respect to his competitors, but' a small minority of the vote(ýýf the?,o gistored electors, and not a very largo proportion of the votes actually polled. Though Mr. Foretor is, in point of ability and experience, second, perhaps, to no member of the Assembly, we think there would be little cause for r.e gret if, at the general election which is likely to take place at the end of the present year, Mr. Forster should be returned neither for Wollongong nor for any other constituency : for, much as the Assembly stands in need of ability and experience, it is better that young members should wait for their acquisition, than that they should be imported into.the House by members who u of.thoemfor no better purpose than tbho * f obstrauting business, giv. ing weight and expression to personal malignity, and affording an example of abstention from all onduavour to initiate or support measures of real utility. We do not know that in the deliberate judgment of any intelligent person Mr. Parkeo's Wollongong speech could be regarded as doing him any particular credit, though Mr. Robertsou, who had made himself acquainted with it in- tih Herald'si report, thought it the most romarkable he had over encountered. It was, doubtless, what is oalled a suc. cess in its way;.and a little self.glori. fication was natural on such an occasion, -one object of complimentary dinners being, we presume, to afford the guest of the evening an opportunity of setting himself and his doings in the most favourable light before an audience who, by the very fact of their prosqoo, are disposed to listen to him with com placency. It seems in no small degree churlish to object to the utterance of a little self-gratulation at such a time, even though the speaker should indulge in a few harmless jokes regarding the unsuccessful attempts of his opponents to. oust him from his official position. But Mr. Robortson's temper is, doubt. less, soured by the consoiousness of his waningif not vanished popularity : and be blundered through the series of topics on wlich Mr. Parkes had touohed, complaining at every atop alike of what the minister had said and of what he had not said, Mr. Robertson's complaints do not deservo much notice but thore is one part of Mr. Parkee's speech, which, in the light of what has occurred even during the brief time which has elapsed since it was uttered, suggests anything but flattering reflections on the political sagacity of "our guest." Mr. Parkes, while speaking at the Queon's Eotel, said as much on the subject of the Upper House Bill as on any other single topic and he said it in a tone of self.complaconoy as regarded himself and his bill, and of slightly disguised mockery and insult towards the Coun. oil, "What did the Council do with the bill," said Mr. Parkes, " whon it was introduced there about four months ago P Instead of debating the question under the light of principle and of con. stitutlonal government, they referred it to a seleot committee i and they took the evidonce of a number of persons, the names of whom would, if mentioned, givo you n cnrlous idon of tho commit, too'a views of the sourooa from which to sock informgwion," Now, it comes to pnas that within the last few days there line boon published a documoet ombody. ing the results of the inquiries instituted by that committoo, of which Mr. Parkes speaks in this supercilious man. nor, The document we speak of is simply the offiial roport of the commit. too; and, thqugh of very modorato longth; is Blfgrth i groat deal more than MI Ibrr bil and nall the spoochue that Worodm"i ifs:if support, It appears to ts to beIn a very orodita. ble degree both liberal and conservative, and'no philosophical nas can under the oir. cumtnnceosbolookod furinoounoxionwith any aboh projoet. Those by whom the report was drawn have evidently' boon doesirous to find something bettor to sany on behalf of their proposals than that such and asuch a thing had boon found to work well in Victoria, We cannot in this article enter into a detailed oxan. mination of the report, and of all that it recoinmondsa or doproouatea but, though we have not found room for it in our present issue, it is, of course, readily nacossible, and may be, and ought to be, pornsed and well considered by those who fool intorestod in the it?. portant subject to which it refors, 