GENERAL EXTRACTS. H.R H. Prince Arthur, recently, in company with four officers belonging to the Hussars, went up the river towards Farleigh in a four oared pleasure boat. On coming back, in attempting to pass over the bay of the Maid- stone lock, a hole was knocked in the bottom of the boat, which soon filled, and His Royal Highness, the boat fortunately happening to be in a shallow part of the river, jumped overboard, and pulled the boat on shore. Most of the party were wet through, but the incident only served to create mirth among them. Another boat was soon procured from Mr. Bucknell, and His Royal Highness and his brother officers rowed to the barracks, where they all landed. Alderman Proctor, of Bristol, has presented to the city his mansion at Clifton, to be appropriated as a " Mansion House " for the future mayors of Bristol. The gift is valued at quite £20,000. Mr. Lang, of Bristol, has presented to the Corporation a rare and rich collection of old china, valued at £3,000, for use in the new Mansion House. 1 Mr. Arthur W. Peel has resigned the duties of " Whip " to the Opposition in the House of Commons, owing to ill health, and will be succeeded by the Right Hon. W. Adam, who, at the request of the leading members of the Liberal party, has consented to give his services in that capacity. A large number of greyhounds from celebrated kennels, have been recently purchased by private sale and public fe auction for exportation to Australia, where coursing has become a national sport. A keeper of Mr. G. R. Streatfield, the Master of the Southdown Foxhounds, at Uckfield, seeing one of his employer's hens frequent a squir- rel's nest in a tree at a height of about 20 feet from the ground, examined the nest, and found it contained nine hen's eggs. The Court of Common Pleas decided that where a betting man stands on a stool under an umbrella on a racecourse, and carries on his business he is liable to be convicted under the Betting Act. It has been stated that a large coal merchant has written to several of his customers, who have purchased coals of him for brewing and other purposes connected with the manufacture and sale of beer, regretting, whilst thanking them for past custom, that he is unable to serve them, as being an abstainer and a Good Templar, he cannot conscientiously supply coals for the manufacture of the articles of such a trade. What is a Good Templar ? Is it a man with fine "intellectual brows Court Journ I . Powers are asked this season to create 1,004 miles of railway at a cost of £02,000,000. Of these 19 miles are in the Metropolis and are estimated to cost £9.251,000 Some idea of the value of property hero, may be formed from the fact that three-quarters of a mile of railway from Cannon Street to Aldgate is put down at £2,390,000, and less than half a mile for the South-Eastern and Great Eastern junction at £1,200,000. it The scheme for the erection of a Crystal Palace and winter gardens at Liverpool is being carried on with energy by several of the loading inhabitants. As at present proposed, the now erec- tions will include an aquarium and zoological gardens, and will contain many of the attractions which have made the Sydenham Palace so popular. The Durham colliers are now striking against their Executive Council. This body passed a resolution accepting the ten per cent, reduction which the masters offered us a compromise. A malcontent minority afterwards attempted, without success, to rescind this resolution. The colliery engineers have, at a mass meeting, decided to remain out against any reduction whatever. The death is announced of Baron Triqnoti, the eminent French sculptor, whose great work of the marbles and the recumbent statue of the Prince Consort in the Wolsey (now Albert) 'Chapel at Windsor, is on the eve of completion. The representatives of the Lincolnshire farmers i and labourers have agreed to withdraw the lock-out and strike, on condition that the Executive of the Labour League recommend for adoption the modification of some of its rules. No strike is to be allowed in future until the expiration of a notice equivalent to the term of the labourer's engagement. In South Wales the colliery owners have, after protracted discussion, resolved on giving notice of a reduction of 10 per cent. The colliers afterwards held mass meetings, at which resolutions were adopted accepting the masters' towns. in Durham the miners have relieved their minds by censuring the masters' notice requiring them to work eleven days per fortnight. JJy a large majority they rescinded their previous , resolution to work only ten days. It is expected that all the collieries will resume ; the principal of them are already re- opened. Mr. Stephen Mitchell, who was accidentally killed at Moffat a few days ago by falling over rocks, has left by his will £70,000 to the City of Glasgow, to be applied in the formation of a free library. The deceased gentlement who has made this princely bequest was 85 years of age and a native of Glasgow, having resided in Moll at only a short time. Already steps are being taken to have a free museum in connexion with the free library. t The Japanese have just had a census which shows that they number about ¡13,000,000 souls, which is slightly over the population of Great Britain and Ireland. One of the most satisfactory figures connected with the census was the small number of prisoners, only 0,40. Would that England had only as few ! There are in Japan 12,000 towns, 70,000 villages, 08,000 Buddhist temples, and about 7,000,000 large and small houses. The richest man in the world is a Mr. Jones. He hails from Nevada, U.S., and is a senator whose speech on the recent " Inflation" Bill, caused a great sensation. His animal income is said to be £1,200,000. He is the owner of the most productive mine known-a large silver ' mine, which gave him recently, as the share of ' his profits, £50,000 a month. This amount has been doubled by the discovery of a new vein. In England the Duke of Westminster and the Earl of Dudley are supposed to be the richest men ; but it is doubtful if in ordinary times that is, when the coal is not up to its late i extravagant figure-they make more than half the income of plain Mr. Jones. Mr. Algernon Bo train Mitford has been appointed to the office of Permanent Secretary of the Board of Works and Public Buildings, vacant by the retirement of Mr. George Russell. Mr. Mitford was for some time in the Diplomatic Service, and is favourably known to the public by several works in illustration of the manners and history of Japan, the materials for which he collected during a residence of two years at Yeddo, while attached to the Mission at that capital. At the Guildhall Police Court, a butcher, carrying on business near Chichester, was con- victed of having sent to London market four quarters of beef which were unfit for human food. He was sentenced to a month's imprisonment without the option of a fine. In the case of William Cracknell, of Linton, near Cambridge, who was charged with a similar offence, a penalty of £20, with three guineas costs, was imposed. The opinion of an American financial authority, is worth quoting on the matter of too much play and pay. He says : " " The short hours bore have driven capital, wealth, industry, and production from New York, literally to the extent of millions of dollars, and with no correspond- ing benefit to mechanics. The eight-hour law has not only done this, but divided both classes, to the great injury of all material interests, with j at least 20,000 mechanics out of employ within a radius of five miles of the city. The present ' time is 20 per cent, off from the ten-hour rule, with really loss done in each hour than under the old rule. In the Court of Queen's Bench, on a Friday, Mr. William Cobbett, eldest, HOD of the well , known author of the Political Iteii'xtei; applied for a rule nisi directed to Inspector Denning and to the Governor of Milbank, to show cause why a writ of habeas corpus should not be issued, \- commanding them) to bring up the convicted Tichborne Claimant, with a view to his being discharged out of custody. The Lord Chief Justice pointed out that such an application could be made only through a member of the ' Bar and on Mr. Cobbett proceeding to mention what he termed the fundamental grounds upon which he moved, the Lord Chief Justice said that those had already been fully considered by the Court. When his Lordship repeated that he " distinctly refused." Mr. Cobbett withdraw. Sir Garnet Wolseley Sir John Glover, Captain Freemantle, and Captain Sartorius were present at a crowded meeting of the Royal Congru placed Society on Monday evening. Sir John Glover addressed the meeting (in to and are of the climate of the country though which he had marched with his expedition, and he paid ft high, tribute to the labours of the Basle Missionaries. Sir Garnet Wolseley, Captain Fremantle, and six. JHutchjusou while haunted many interesting details about the country and its inhabitants, | and Sir Garnet expressed his belief that the burning of Coomassie and consequent break up to the Ashantee kingdom, would put a stop to the practice of human sacrifices, which amounted to between 2,000 and 3,000 a year. The Tower of Babel is to be outdone, and it need hardly be said that it is the Americans who are going to accomplish this feat. The great Republic must have a tower greater than any other hitherto piled upon the earth's surface. At present the highest structure in the world is the Pyramid of Cheops, which is 480 feet high. But the great tower which is to be erected at Philadelphia will be more than twice that height. It will be built in connexion with the Centenary Exhibition, which is two years hence to celebrate the completion of the first century of American Independence. It will be constructed of wrought iron in places connected by girders. It will be round, and diminish in diameter from 150 at the base to 30 feet at the summit. It will contains four move able chambers by means of which 500 visitors can at once get to the top. Overwork has found another victim in Mr. Foley, the sculptor. About midnight he left his residence in Arlington-street, to walk, as was his custom, in the vicinity of Primrose Hill. He was last seen sitting on a bridge over Regent's Canal. A young man who passed him there soon afterwards heard him throw himself into the water, and before he could be got out life was extinct. Mr. Foley's friends had observed great restlessness of manner in him since he was engaged on the Albert Memorial. At the Court of Queen's Bench, judgment has been given in the case of David King, who was brought up under habeas corpus, having been detained in custody by the order of Sir Those. Henry, with a view to be handed over, under the Extradition Act, to an officer of the German Empire. The prisoner, who was a native of Bavaria, had in his absence been convicted of embezzlement in that country, and sentenced to six years imprisonment, and the object of his arrest was to enforce that sentence. His counsel contended that the prisoner could not be surrendered under the Act for the purpose of serving a sentence, and could only be surrendered in order that he might take his trial. Another objection was that at the time the offence was committed Bavaria was not part of the German Empire. The Solicitor-General, who represented the Crown, said the prisoner would be re-tried on his return to Germany, unless he accepted his sentence. The Court hold that there was sufficient prima facie evidence for the detention of the prisoner, and directed that he should be sent back to prison. He will therefore, be delivered up to the German authorities. An American literary gentleman, who has graduated in dyspepsia, writes the following treatise on the subject I have laid down more than 2 thousand times, and rolled over once a minute all nite long, and got up in the morning like a corpse, and there didn't nothing; seem to call me sonny where in particular. I have red whole library on the shinnick and liver, and when I got there, I know a great deal less what was the matter to me than when I begin. I have drank whisker with roots in it enuff to carry off any bridge or saw mill in the country. I have worked on a farm for mi wattles and board, and dicted on trade pork and a bed until I was as thin as the sermon of a 7 day Baptist preacher. 1 have dun all these things and 10 thousand other things just as ridiculous and i have got the old dispepshee yet, just nz mineral and nz rink as the pimples on a 4-year old goose. If you get a good hold on the dispepshee once, you have never leave it entirely ; it will cure around once in a while like a ghost, and if it don't scare you as it did once, and make you think you are going to die to-morrow, it will make you feel just as sorry." FOUR DAYS AN«FOURNIOHTS WITHOUT FOOD. -On Sunday se'nnight a young woman named Read, aged 18, living in Hertford, left her home to go for a walk. She did not return, and no tidings of her could be discovered, although the rivers in the neighbourhood were dragged and diligent search was made for her in every direction. Her mysterious disappearance remained wholly inexplicable until Tuesday afternoon, when some invalid Bluecoat Boys who were taking an airing, accompanied by their nurse, and were gathering flowers in a wood in the neighbourhood of Hertford, called Little Molo Wood, accidentally found her lying at the bottom of a gravel pit, between nine foot and ten feet deep and about four feet in diameter. Assistance VVIIB obtained from a cottage about eighty yards distant, and the poor girl was found to be conscious, though in a state of extreme exhaustion. She states that she went into the wood on Sunday afternoon for the purpose of gathering wild hyacinths, and fell backwards into the hole. She found herself quite unable to got out again. She called out as loudly as she could for help, but as there is no pathway in the wood, and the public road runs some 30 foot from the edge of it, her cries were unheard or unheeded. In consequence she lay for four days and four nights without food. Notwithstanding the exposure and privation she had undergone, her life is not considered in danger, and she appears to be satisfactorily recovering from the effects of this extraordinary misadventure. Essex paper of 8th May. Zooi.ofiioAc SOCIETY'S GARDENS. The Zoological Society have just made an important addition to their collection of living animals in the shape of three young giraffes, which have been purchased of Mr. C. Hagenbeck, the well known dealer in Hamburg. The Society's old stock of this animal, descended from the individuals originally imported in 1838, having become reduced to a single male, it was considered advisable to obtain fresh blood, especially as several recent purchases of single animals had not turned out well. No less than 17 giraffes have been born in the Zoological Society's Gardens since their first arrival in 1830, and nearly the whole of them reared successfully. It is to be hoped that the present importation will inaugurate a new era of similar success. THE MANIA FOR RKMOS OF A DEAD MAN. The sale of the furniture and household effects of the late Mr. Sumner, at Washington, on the 3rd of June, seems to have caused no little excitement in that city. The spectators of the sale were, according to the New York Tribune, divided into four classes First, the devoted friends of Mr. Sumner, who were anxious to secure some souvenirs of the departed scholar ; secondly, the curious ; thirdly, the speculators and fourthly, the professional auction-goers. The small articles of a miscellaneous character brought it is stated, "extravagant and unprecedented sums." The sale began in the kitchen, and the commonest kind of kitchen utensils, which Mr. Sumner probably never saw, fetched frightful prices' For instance, jelly and ice-cream moulds, worth 50 cents or 1 dollar, brought from 5 to 10 dollars. The dining-room was next sold out. After the sideboard was sold for 200 dollars, the dining-table, the seat of as liberal and refined hospitality as was ever dispensed," brought 100 dollars, to " coloured caterer," one of Mr. Sumner's favourite friends, being the purchaser. This dining-table was, says the Tribune, " an especial object of attention and remark. Besides being very elegant in finish, around it clusters much secret history and many memories. Ports, artists, philosophers, scholars, politicians, presidents, and princes, foreign diplomats, historians, and states- men have sat at that table. It was at this table that General Grant, Mr. Fish, and Colonial Forney sat when Mr. Sumner was importuned to espouse the San Domingo annexation scheme." " A worn-out fly- brush " brought 4 dollars 50 cents. The hardest contest was, however, over Mr. Summer's arm-chair, which soon ran to an " alarming figure," and was ultimately knocked down for 310 dollars. The most valuable article in the house an old clock which stood in the hall, and which sometimes beats a time was not sold. The highest bid, reaching 3000 dollars, for the clock was declined, and it is understood that it will be sent to a relative. Altogether, the sale seems to have been a great success, and affords another proof that the furniture of great ! mon is valued almost as much as their memory. TRADE TROUBLES IN THE UNITED STATES. | Capital and labored not appear to boon pleasanter terms in the United States than in England. While such claims to greater proportion of profit than the other will allow, each in its turn has recourse either to strikes or lock-outs as the only means of terminating the dispute. But in some cases employes in the United States appear to adopt a more high-handed policy than would be possible in England. A notable instance of this occurred lately at the great Cambria Iron Works, near Johnstown, in Pennsylvania. The magnitude of these works may be judged from the fact that their daily production of iron and steel rails is over 300 tons, while, when trade is brisk, 7,000 hands are kept in constant employment. In order to avoid dissension and quarrels about wages, Mr. Morrell, the arranging, some years ago introduced a sliding scale of wages, giving must pay according to the market price of rails. After considerable discussion, this System was accepted as perfectly satisfactory by Hourly nil the hands, especially by the miners. During the last few years, when prices ruled high, this sliding scale worked very advantageously for employs, many of whom became owners of houses, and kept banking balances. But when the autumn panic caused a heavy fall in prices, the sliding scale operated to lower wages considerably, not altogether to the contentment of the men. On the 1st of March last, Mr. Morrell seeing, as he imagined, some prospect of recovery in trade, volunteered to raise wages beyond the point strictly justified by the sliding scale. To his astonishment, the coal miners declared themselves to be dissatisfied with this increase, and demanded five cents, extra per ton mined. Of course Mr. Morrell refused this ungracious request, and the men thereupon issued a notice, threatening a strike. The manager did nolallowtimefor this to be carried into effect. Seeing one of these notices on his return from Philadelphia, he immediately ordered the furnaces to be extinguished and the works to be closed from that day. Public opinion supported him in this severe measure, and even among the men themselves a feeling prevailed that it was quite justified. But j although many are quite ready to resume work, ' they are prevented by Trade Unions, who consider the quarrel to lie between themselves and the manager. The practical result of these complications is that 7,000 men, previously content with a certain scale of wages, are out of employ because they grumbled at an unsolicited | advance. ^_^______^__ I 