? BF KORMA.N MACLEOD, D.D. The beginning of the nineteenth centufc marks an epoch of revival in the Protest^ Churoh. ft would be going beyond the UtMpw pi escribed by our subject to consider the causes of that remarkable reaction into indifference of life, or of positive error in doctrine, which followed more or less rapidly the stirring period ot the Reformation. Such tides, indeed, in the affairs of men,—now rushing with irresistible waves to the utmoBt limit of tbe land; then receding and leaving behind but a few pools to mark where tbe waters once baa been; and again, after a longer or a shorter interval, advancing with a deep flood over the old ground,—-are among the most striking phenomena in history. The last century witnessed the Protestant Church at its lowest ebb. We thankfully acknowledge that God did not leave Himself without holy men as living witnesses hJ everv branch of that Church. And we record, with deepest gratitude, how, more than in any otu'er country, He preserved in our own country' both individual and congregational life, with orthodox standards of faith. Still, taken as a whole, the Protestant Church was in a detd state throughout tbe world; while, during tbe eame period, infidelity was never more rampant, and never more allied with philosophy, politics, science, and literature. It was the age of the acute Hume and learned Gibbon; of tbe ribald Paine, and of the master of Europe, Voltaire; with a host of literati who were beginning to make merry, in the hope that God's prophets were at last to be destroyed from tbe earth. Rationalism triumphed in all the Continental Churches. Puritanism in England became deeply tainted with Unitarianism. The descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers bad, to a large extent, embraced tbe same creed in America. Tbe Established Churches in England and Scotland, though preserving their Confessions, and having very many living men in the ministry, suffered, nevertheless, from that wintry cold which had frozen tbe waves of tbe great Reformation sea, and which was adding chill to chill. The French Revolution marked the darkest hour of this time; yet it was the hour which preceded the dawn. It was the culminating point of the infidelity of kings, priests, and people; the visible expression and embodiment of the mind of France, long tutored by falsepietv; the letting loose of Satan hood and imc on earth, that all might see and wonder at the ! That Revolution inscribed lessons in letters of blood for tbe Church and for tbe nations of tbe world to learn. Christians accordingly clung nearer to their Saviouramid6t tbe dreadful storm which 6book and destroyed every other resting-place, and were drawn to tbe throne of mercy and grace, thereby becoming stronger in faith and more zealous in life. The indifferent were roused to earnest thought by the solemn events which were taking place around them. Speculative infi- dels even, became alarmed at tbe practical results of their theories. Mere worldly politicians trembled at tbe spectacle of unprincipled millions weilding power that affected the destinies of Europe, and recognised the necessity of religion to 6ave the State at least, if not to 6ave tbe soul. Men of property, from tbe owner of a few acres to tbe merchant irince, and from no higher motive chan the tove of their possessions, acknowledged that religion was tne best guarantee for their preservation. In countless ways did thin upheaving of society operate in the same direction with those deeper forces which were beginning to stir the Churches of Britain, and to quicken them into new life. The history of Europe during the first part of the present century, is a history written in blood. It is one of war in all its desolating horrors, and also in all its glorious achievements and victories in the cause of European liberty and national independence. Never was war so universal. It raged in every part of the earth. For years, the Peninsula was a great battle- field. Belgium and the plains of Germany were saturated with blood. Allied hosts conquered France. ArmieB crossed the A.lps4wd ravaged Italy, and were buried beneath the snows of Russia. Tbe contest was waged from the Baltic to the Bosphorus. The old battle-fields of Greece, Egypt, Palestine, Asia Minor, Persia, and the Crimea,Wvere again disturbed. War 6wept the peninsula of India to the confines of Cashmere. It penetrated beyond the walls ot ChinB, and visited the islands of the Eastern Archipelago * touched the coasts of Arabia, and swept round Africa, from the Cape to Algiers, It marobed through the length and breadth 0f tb e great Western Continent, from the St. Lawrence to the Mississippi, and from Central to Southern America. Every kingdom experienced its horrors but onr own; every capital was entered by the enemy but our own! During all this terrible period, our Sabbath services Were never broken by the cry of battle. The dread- fulburrioane -reged-without, buT^ever for a single hour disturbed the peace of our beloved island-fcoirie. No revolution from within destroyed our institutions, and no power from without prevented us from Improving them. The .builder? of our spiritual temples did not require to hold the sword. Our victories, with tteJj days of national thanksgiving, and our m sties, with their days of national fasting, teriaed to deepen a sense of religion in every heart. Men of God, in rapid succeision, rose in all the Churches. A pious laity began to take the lead in advancing the cause of evangelism. In Parliament there was one man, who, by the purity of his private life, the noble consistency, uncompromising honesty, and unwearied philanthropy of his public career, along with his feithful published testimony for the truth as it is in Christ, did more, directly and indirectly, than any other of his day for the revival of true religion, especially among the influential classes ofour laud: that man was William Wilberforce. But without dwelling upon the fact of the great revival which has occurred in the Protestant Church during the present century, let us notice one of its more prominent results. We mean the increased activity manifested by all its branches in advancing the Redeemer's kingdom. At the commencement of this century, the whole Protestant missionary staff throughout the world amounted to tin societies only. Of these, however, two only had really entered the mission-field with any degree of vigor— viz., the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts; and, above all, the Society of the Moravian Brethren. The Wesleyan, Baptist, London, and Church Missionary Societies, though nominally in existence, had hardly commenced their operations. There were, besides the above, two 6mall societies on the Continent; two in Scotland ; and not one in all America i How . stands the case now ? The Protestant Church, instead of ten, has filty-one societies; the great majority of which have each mora laborers, and a greater income, than all the societies together of the Protestant Church previous to 1800! If the last pizty years be divided into three equal periods, nine societies belong to the first, fifteen to the second, and twenty-four to the third. The following facts, collected from statistics of the great missionary societies up to 1861, will afford—as far as mere dry figures can do —a general idea of the present strength of the mission army of the Protestant Church, with some of its results;— There are now 22 missionary societies in Great Britain, 14 in North America, and 15 on the Continent of Europe; in all, 51. These employ, in round numbers, 12,000 agents, including ordained missionaries (probably 3000), teachers, catechists, &c.; occupy 1200 stations; have 335,000 communicants from heathendom; 252,000scholars; 460students training tor the ministry; and are supported by an income of £860,000 per annum. The greatest results have been attained by England. Connected with her great societies, there are nearly 7000 agents, 630 stations, 210,000 communicants, 208,000 scholars, with an annual >ncome of £510,000. But in order to enable otir readers still more ^clearly to realise tte advance which the Church has made during the last half century, let us consider the progress of one of those societies, and take as an illustration the Church Missionary Society. It was founded a few months before 1800. Its income in 1802 was £356. It now amounts to £104,273. In 1804, it bad one station abroad, two ordained European missionaries, but no native assistants. It has now 148 stations, 258 ordained clergymen (many of whom have studied in the English Universities), a large staff of native clergy, with 2034 other agents, most of whom are natives. In 1810, it had 35 male and 13 female scholars in its schools; it has now 31,000 scholars. In 1810, the good Mr. Bickersteth had the privilege of receiving its first converts, amounting to six only, into the communion of the Church. Its communicants now number about 21,000. Let us, however, examine the missionary labors of the Protestant Church during this century from another point of view. . Take the map of the world, look over its continents and islands, and .contrast their condition, as to the means of grace, in 1800 and 1862. In 1800,: the only missions east ofthe Cape Good Hops were in India. These were „nfined to the Baptist.Mission, protected in the Danish settlement ol Serampore; and the missiobs ih Tanjore, in Southern India, The former was begun by Carey and Thomas (in 1793), who were Joined by a/few brethren in 1799\. The first convert they made was >ih 1800\. The latter mission bad existed since 1705, «nd numbered about .nine laborers at the commencement of the century.. Of the JBast .India.Company s chaplains, Claudius Buchanan alone had the courage to pdvobate in India the mi&sionar;^ causfc; and <hieiermon preaohed upon the subject inl800, m rr cutta was ' ^en generally deemed a bold and danng step. Hindustan was closed by the Eatt India Company against the missionawes of the Christian Church. China, too, seemed hermetically sealed against the gospel, ihe Jesuit mission had failed. Christianity was proscribed by an imperial edict. Protestant missions bad not commenced. The language of the nation, like its walls, seemed to forbid all access to the missionary. In Africa there were but few missionaries, and these had lately arri^a ttt the Cape. In the black midnight whicd brooded over that miserable land, the cry ot tortured slaves alone was heard. New Zealand, Australia, and the scattered islands of the Southern Seas had not yet been visited by one herald of the gospel. A solitary beacon gleaming on the ocean from the missionary ship Duff had indeed been seen, but not yet welcomed by the savages of Tahiti. The mission was abandoned in 1809, and not a convert'left behind! No Protestant missionary had preached to those Indian tribes beyond the Colonies, who wandered over the interminable plains which stretch from Behring's Straits to Cape Horn. Mohammedan States were all shut up against the gospel; and to forsake the Crescent for the Cross was to die. In this thick darkness which covered heathendom, the ohly light to be seen—except in India—was in the far north, shed by the self-denying Moravians,—a light which streamed like a beautiful aurora over the wintry snow and ice-bound coasts of Greenland. To this gloomy picture we must add the indifference of the Protestant Church to God's ancient people. No society then existed for their conversion; and of them it might indeed be 6aid, " This is Israel, whom no man seeketh after!" How changed is the. aspect of the world now ! There is hardly a 6pot upon earth (if we except those enslaved by Popery) where the Protestant missionary may not preach the gospel without the fear of persecution. The door of the world has been thrown open, and the world'6 Lord and Master commands and invites His oervants to enter, and, in His name, to take possession of the nations. Since 1812, India, chiefly through the exertions of Mr. Wilberforce, has been made accessible to the missionaries of every Church. Christian schools and chapels have been multiplied; colleges have been instituted; thousands have bnen converted to Christ; and tens of thousands instructed in Christianity. Tne cruelties of heathenism have been immensely lessened; infanticide prohibited; Sutteeism prohibited; all Government support withdrawn from idolatry; and the Hindu law ot inheritance has been altered to protect the native converts; while a new era seems to be heralded by the fact that a native Christian rajah has himself established a mission among his people. All the islands in the Eastern Archipelago are nbw accessible to the missionary; most of them have been visited. Ceylon has flourishing congregations and schools; Madagascar has had her martyrs, and has still her indomitable confessors. China, with its teeming millions, has also been opened to the gospel. The way had been marvellously prepared by Dr. Morrison, who as early as 1807 had commenced the study of the language which he lived to master. Accordingly, when the conquests ot Great Britain had obtained admission for, and secured protection to the missionaries as well as to the merchants of all nations, the previous indefatigable labors of Morrison had provided, for the immediate use of the Church of Christ, a dictionary of tbe language, and a translation of the Word of God. The Christian religion is tolerated by law since 1844, and may be professed freely by the natives. The gospel is now advancing in that thickly-peopled land of patience and industry, and native preachers are already proclaiming to their countrymen the tidings of salvation. Africa has 'witnessed changes still more wonderful. The abolition of the British slavetrade in 1807, and of slavery in the British dominions in 1834, has removed immense barriers in the way of the gpspel. The whole coasts of Africa are being girdled with the light of truth. It Im penetrated throughout the south, where the French and German Protestant Churches labor side by side with those of Britain to civilise the degraded Bushman, the low Hottentot, and warlike Kaffir. The ohapel in Sierra Leone, built from the planks of condemned slavers, and containing 1000 worshippers, is a type of tbe blessings brought through Christianity to injured Africa. Abyssinia has also bean visited with every prospect of success. And how glorious has teen the triumph of lis' gbfebel' throughout the whole Pacific f In 1897, Williams pas able to address royalty in bee noble words—" It must impart joy to every benevolent mind to know, that by the efforts of British Christians upwards of three hundred thousand of deplorably ignorant and savage barbarians, inhabiting the beautiful islands of the Pacific, have been delivered from a dark, debasing, and sanguinary idolatry, and are now enjoying the civilising influence, the domestic happiness, and the spiritual blessings which Christianity imparts. In the fiarato lono n ga, which I discovered in 1823, there are upwards of 3000 children under Ch'-istian instruction daily; not a res • tige of idolatry remains; their language has been reduced to a system, and the Scriptures, with other books, have been translated. But this is only one of nearly a hundred islands to which similar blessings have been conveyed." TenB of thousands of souls more have been added to this number since these words were written! In no part of heathendom has the gospel produced, in so short a time, such wonderful fruit as in Polynesia. The labors and sacrifices of the converted natives are more striking than in any other missions. Many islands have been converted solely by means of a native agency, and are superintended bv native preachers only. Let us take the Sandwich Islands as illustrating what has been accomplished for the natives, and by them. The American Mission was commenced in 1824\. These islands have been converted long ago to Christianity, so that not a vestige of idolatry remains, and not only do they support their own clergyand schools, but have their own Bible and Foreign Missionary Society. They raise for these objects about £4000 per annum, and support six missionaries to the heathen islands around them. The communicants in the islands amount to upwards of 25,000, and tbe children who attend the common schools to a still greater number. If we turn our eye to the great Western Continent, we see the gospel preached to its wandering Indian tribes; while the condition of Mexico and of California affords every prospect of the rapid extension of truth through kingdoms long benighted. Mohammedan countries have also been opened to the missionary. Through the influence of Lord Aberdeen and Sir Stratford Canning, the Sultan was induced in 1844 to give religious toleration to his subjects; so that now, for the first time, a Mussulman may change his faith without incurring punishment. Several societies labor in Algiers, Egypt, Palestine, Asia Minor, Greece, and Constantinople. The Euphrates is being dried up. The Mohammedan power is tottering, and ready to fall! When it dies and is buried, who will wear mourning at its funeral ? And how strange is the meeting between the distant East and West, the distant past and near present, visible in the fact, that it is missionaries from America who now unveil to the dwellers in the land of the Chaldees, and to the wanderers among the mountains which shadow the birth-place of the human race, that blessed faith and hope which dwelt in Abram, as he journeyed at the dawn of history from that old land, and which has returned thither again in Christian men imbued with Abram's faith, after having accompanied civilisation around the globe ? God's blessing hassignally attended the American mission among the Nestorians. The revival of religion in their schools and churches has been great and glorious. May we not exclaim. What hath God wrought! Yet how can any statistics carry to our hearts a sense of what has been done for immortal souls by the gospel during this eventful period? What homes have been made happy by it; what families united in tbe bonds of love; what 6ick-beds soothed; what dying beds cheered; what minds illumined, and what heart® filled with jov unspeakable, and full of glory 1 In close connexion with mission work, we may state the progress made during the present century in leavening the world with the Word of God. Previous to tbe formation of the British and Foreign Bible Society in 1804, there was not one society in existence *vhose sole object was the distribution of the Bible in all lands. There are now upwards of 50 principal, and 9000 auxiliary Bible societies. In 1804, the Bible wn6 accessible to only 200 millions of men. Now it exists in tongues spoken by 600 millions. The London Bible Society alone sends forth annually upwards of 1,787,000 copies. During tbe last sixty vears it has issued 39,315,226 Bibles, in 163 'different languages, and in 143 translations never before printed. Its receipts for 1862 amount to £168,443. It surely cannot fail to fill the heart of every Christian with deepest thankfulness, to contemplate these glorious achievements. The Church, like the angel seen in prophetic vision, has been flying with the everlasting gospel to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people. It has given the Bible to the inhabitantsof the old lands of Egypt, Ethiopia, Arabia, Palestine, Asia Minor, and Persia; to the indomitable Circassian; to the mountaineers of Affghanistan; to tribes of India speaking thirty-two different languages or dialects; to the inhabitants ol Butmah, Assam, and Siam; to the islanders of Madagascar and Ceylon; to the Malays and Javanese of tbe Eastern Seas; to the millions of China, and the wandering Kalmuck beyond her great wall; to the brave New Zealander; to tbe teeming inhabitants of the island groups which are scattered over the Southern Pacific; to the African races, from the Cape to Sierra Leone; to the Esquimaux and Greenlander, within the Arctic circle; and to the Indian tribes of North America. All are now furnished with a translation of that wonderful volume, which, with the light of the universal living Spirit of God, at once reveals to man, in every age and clime, his lost and miserable condition, and tells him of a remedy that is adapted to meet every want of his being—to redeem him, by a moral power it alone can afford, from all sin and misery, and to bring him into the glorious fellowship of the holiness, the blessedness, and joy ot Jesus Christ, and all the family of God in earth and heaven!" And now let us ask, What shall be the history of the Church during tbe rest of this century ? Without attempting with a vain or profane band to uncover what God has concealed, it is surely a comfort to be able to take our stand on the immovable rock of His promises to Christ, and to rejoice in the assurance that, sooner or later, His name must be glorious in all the earth! But when ? Is it too much to assert, that before the end of the present century, the gospel shall have been preached to all nations, the Bible translated into all tongues, and the last visible idol on earth cast down amidst the triumphant songs of the Church of Christ ? We might expect this blessing judging only from the past, and the constantly-increasing ratio with which society advances. Yet, as revolutions in the physical world anticipate in a single night the slow progress of ordinary causes, so, for aught we know, may God, by some evolution ot His providence, make one year do the work of many. But while we do anticipate the most glorious results ever attained by the human race during this century, we anticipate, also, from the signs of the time, a desperate conflict of opposing systems, both of truth and error. It is not a little remarkable, that never before was there such a life and strength in every system as at this moment. Protestantism, Catholicism, Infidelity, and even Judaism, were never so alive; and never were alive together before. Does this not look like a coming struggle? But what may appear suddenly and unexpectedly, may nevertheless be the necessary results of long preparation; like the water or the gas, which suddenly enter a thousand city houses to refresh and illuminate them, but which are the results of years of labor in digging trenches, laying pipes, and erecting reservoirs, during all which time no streams of water or of gas were ever present to the senses. But we know from the testimony of God's Word, strengthened by tbe experience of past ages, how certain victory is in the end, however long and apparently doubtful the campaign may be between His kingdom and every form of evil. The day has been when " tho Church" was " in the wildernessand when within that Church four men only held last their confidence in God, believed His word, and exhorted that Church to take possession of the land of promise, saying, " Rebel not ye against the Lord, neither fear ye the people of the land : their defence is departed from them, and the Lord is with us: fear them not.'* And how was that missionary sermon received ? " All the congregation bade 6tone them with stones!" And had they done so, the world's only true lights were extinguished and lost in universal unbelief and heathenism. It was in such desperate circumstances as these that the Lord himself came to the rescue of the world, and it was then these marvellous words of promise were uttered. " As truly as I live, my glory will fill the earth 1" The day has been, too, when " the Church" met in an upper room with shut doors, for fear of the Jews ; but it was even then that its Lord said, " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth: go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: and, lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world." Never more can the glory ef God appear to the eyes of the weakest faith to be so dim, or the cause of Christ to be so hopeless, as it hath been in those days of old! The glory of God is filling the eartb, and the gospel is being preached to all nations. Mere rays of light, which we see breaking over the mountain tops in heathen lands, are beautiful in themselves; but far more beautiful to the eye of faith are the first beams of that 6un which is yet to stream into every valley now lying in darkness, and steep in its glory all the habitations of men. Those notes of joy and thanksgiving, too, are beautiful which ascend iroin many a heart in " Kedar'6 wilderness afar;" but they are still more beautiful to the ear of faith as echoes from the Bock of pges, and the prophetio song uttered by "great voices ia heaven," saying, " Tlie kingdoms of this world have beoome the kingdoms of our Lord and of His Christ, and He shall reign for ever and ever!" 