LITERATURE. DEFENCE OF MODERN SPRITUA- LISM. Mr. Alfred R. Wallace concludes in tho June number of the Fortnightly Review bis defence of modern spiritualism. He deals iu this part chiefly with spirit photographs, which; in bis opinion, furnish perhaps the most unassailable demonstration it is possible to obtain of the objective reality of spiritual forms. The following is his statement on the subject, which we give without not9 or comment ; — The accounts of spirit-photography in several parts of the United States caused many spiritua lists in that country to make experiments ; but for a long time without success. Mr. and Mrs. Guppy, who are both amateur photographers, tried at their own house, and failed. In March, 1872, they went one day to Mr. Hudson's, a photographer living near them (not a spiritualist) to get s ome cartes de viste of Mis.- Guppy, After the sitting the idea suddenly struck Mr. Guppy that he would try for a spirit-photograph. He sat down, told Mrs, G. to go behind tho back ground, and had a picture taken. There came out behind him a large, indefinite, oval, white patch, somewhat resembling the outline of a draped figure. Mrs. Guppy, behind1 fee back ground, was dressed in black, Thisnis the first sprit-photograph taken in England, and it is perhaps more satisfactory _ on account of the suddenness of the impulse under which it was taken, and the great white patch which no im postor would have attempted to produce, and which taken by itself, utterly spoils the picture. A few days afterwards, Mr. and" Mrs. Guppy and their little boy went without any notice. Mrs. Guppy sat on the ground holding the hoy on a stool; _ Her husband stood behind looking on. TLe picture thus produced is most remarkable. A tall female figure, finely draped in white, gauzy robes, stands directly behind and above the sitters, looking down on them and holding its open hands over their heads, as if giving a bene diction. Tho face is somewhat Eastern, and, with the hands, is beautifully defined. The white robes pass behind the sitters' dark figures without in the least showing through. A second picture was then taken as soon as a plate could be prepa red ; and it was fortunate it was so, for it resul ted in a 'most remarkable test. Mrs. Guppy again knelt, with the boy ; but this lime she did not stoop so much, and her head was higher. The same white figure comes out equally woll defined, but it has changed its position in a manner exactly corresponding to the slight change of Mrs. Guppy s position. The hands were before on a level ; now one is raised considerably higher than the other, so as to keep it about thB same dis tance from Mrs. Guppy 's head as it was before, Tho folds of the drapeiy all correspondingly differ, and the head is slightly turned. Here, then, one of two things is absolutely certain. Either there was a living, intelligent, but invisiblo being present, or Mr. and Mrs. Guppy, the photogra pher, and some fourth person, planned a wicked imposture, and have maintained it ever Bince. Knowing Mr. and MrS. Guppy so well as I do, I fesl an absolute conviction that they are as in- capablo of an imposture of this kind as any earnest inquirer after truth ia the department of natural science. The report of the pictures soon spread. Spiri tualists in great numbers catnc to try for similar results, with varying degrees of success ; till after a time rumor of imposture aroso, and it is now firmly believed by many, from suspicious appearances on the pictures and from other cir cumstances, that a large number of shams have 'been produced. It is certainly not to bo wondered at if it bo so. The photographer, remomber, was not a spiritualist, and was utterly puzzled at tho pictures above described. Scores of persons came to him, and he saw that they were satisfied if they got a second figure with themselvos, and dissatis fied if they did not. Ho may have made arrange ments by which to satisfy everybody. One thing is cloar ; that if there has been imposture, it was at once detected by spiritualists themselves ; if not, then spiritualists havo been quick in noticing what appeared to indicate it. Those, however who most strongly assert imposture allow that a large number of genuine pictures havo beon taken. But, true or not, the cry of imposture did good, since it shewed the necessity for tests, and for independent confirmation of tho facts. The test of clearly recognisable likenessos of deceased friends has often been obtained. Mr. William Howitt, who wont without previous notice, obtained likenesses of two sons, many years dead, and of the very existenco of one of which even the friend who accompanied Mr. Howitt was ignorant. Tho likenesses were instantly recognised by Mrs. Howitt; and Mr.' Howitt declares them to bo "perfect and unmis takable." ( Spiritual Magazine, Oct., 1872.) Dr. Thompson, of Clifton, obtained a photograph of himself, accompanied by that of a lady ho (fid not know. Ho sent it to his uncle in Scotland, Bimply asking if he recognised a resemblanco to any of the family deceased. The reply was that it was the likeness of Dr. Thomson's own mother, who died at his birth ; and there being no picture of her in existence, ho had no idea what sue was like. Tho uncle very naturally remarked, that he " could not understand how it was dono." (Spiritual Magazine, Oct., 1873.) Many other instances of recognition have occurred, but I will only add my personal testimony. A few weeks back I myself went to tho samo photographer's for the first time, and obtained a most unmis- i/unctuiu uooiirao UJ. a ucticaocu leiitiavu. \y Q will now pass to a better class of evidence, the private experiments of amateuis, Air. Thomas Slater, an old-established optician in the Euston Road, and an amateur photogra pher, took with him to Mr. Hudson's, a new camera of his own manufacture and Ms own glasses, saw everything done, and obtained a portrait with a second figure on it. He then began experimenting in his own private house, and during last summer obtained some remark able results. The first of his successes contains two headB by the side of a portrait of his sister. One of these heads is unmistakably the late Lord Brougham's; tho other, much less distinct, is recognised by Mr. Slater as that of Robert Owen, whom he knew intimately up to the time of Ms death. He has since obtained several excellent pictures of tho same class. Ono in particular shows a female ia black and white flowing robes, standing by the side of Air. Slater. In another the head and bust appears, leaning over his shoulder. The faces of these two are much alike, and other members of the family recognise them as likenesses of Air. Slater's mother, who died when he was an infant. In another a pretty cMld figure, also draped, stands beside Air. Slater's little bsy. Now, whether these figures are correctly identified or not, is not the essential point. The fact that any figures, so clear and unmistakably human in appearance as these, Bhould appear on plates taken in his own private studio by an experienced optician and amateur photographer, who makes all his apparatus him self, and with no one present bat tne members of his own family, — is the real marvel. In one case a second figure appeared on a plate with himself, taken by Mr. Slater when ho was absolutely alone — by the simple process of occupying the sitter's chair after uncapping fee camera, He and his family being themselves medinms, they require ho extraneous assistance ; and this may, perhaps, be the reason why he has succeeded so well; One of the most extraordinary pictures obtained by Air. Slater is a full-length portrait of Ms sister, in which there is no second figure, but tho sitter appears covered all over with a kind of tram pa«" rent lace drapery, which on examination is seen to be wholly made up of shaded circles of diffe rent sizes quite unlike any material fabric I havo seen or heard of. Air, Slater has himsolf shown mo all these pictures and explained tho conditions under which they were produced. That they are ' not impostures is certain ; and as the first inde« pendent confirmations of what had been previously obtained only through professional photographers.' their value is inestimable. -91 A less successful, but not perhaps on that account less satisfactory confirmation has been obtained by another amateur, who, after eighteen months of experiment, obtained a partial success/ Mr. R. Williams, M.A., Ph. D., of Hayward'a' Heath, succeeded last summer in obtaining three photographs, each with a part of a human form besides tne sitter, ono having tho features dis tinctly marked. Subsequently another was obtained, with a well-formed figure of a man standing at the side of tho sitter, but whilo being developed, this figure faded away entirely. Air,-. Williams assures mo (in a letter) that in these experiments there was " no room for trick or for' tho production of these figures by any known means." The editor of the British Journal of. Photography lias9 raado experiments at Mr.1 Hudson's studio, taking his own, collodion and new plates, and doing everything himself, yet there were " abnormal appoarances" on tho pictures although no distinct figures. . ( We now come to tho valuable and conclusive experiments of Air. John Beattie of Clifton, a' .retired photographer of twenty years' experience/ and of whom tho above mentioned editor says - a " Every ono who knows Air. Beattio will give him. credit for being a thoughtful, skilful, and intclli." gent photographer, one of the last men in the- world to be easily deceived, at least in matters relating to photography, and one quite incapablo of deceiving others.'' Mr. Beattie has been assisted in Lis researches by Dr. Thomson, ad Edinburgh AI.D., who has practised photography, as an amatonr, for twenty-fivo year. Thoy ex.' perimentedat the studio of a friend, who was not a spiritualist (but who became a medium during the experiments), and had the services of a tradesman with whom they wore well acquainted as a medium. Tho whole of tho photographic work was dono by Alessrs. Beattio and Thomsen, tho other two sitting at a small table. The pictures were taken in sories of threo, within a few seconds of each other, and several of theso scries were taken at each sitting. The figures produced aro for tho most part not human, but variously formed and shaded white patches, which in successive pictures change their form and dovclopc as it wore into a more perfect -or complete type. Thus, one set of live begins with two whito somewhat angular patches over tho iniddio sitter, and ends with a rudo but unmis takable white femalo figure, covering the larger pari of tho plate. The other three allow inter-' mediato states, indicating a continuous cbaDge of form from tho first figure to tho last. Another set (of four pictures) begins with a whito vertical cylinder over tho body of tho medium, ancl a shorter ono on his head. These change their form in tho second and third, and in tho last becorao laterally spread out into luminous masses resembling nebulie. Another sot of three 13 very curious. Tho first has an oblique flowing lumin. ous patch from tho table to tho ground ; in tho second this has changed to a wliite serpentina column, ending in a point abovo the medium's head ; m tho third the column has become broader and somewhat doublo, with tho curve in an opposite direction, and with a head-like tormina-, tion. Tho change of tho curvature may have' some connection with a change in tho position of; tho sitters, which is seen to havo taken place between tho second and the third of this set.' Thore are two others, taken, like all tho preceding, in 1872, but wMch tho medium described during tho exposure. Tho first, ho said, was a tMck white fog ; and the picture came out all shaded white, with not a trace of any of the sitters. Tho other was described as afog with a figure standing in it and hero a whito human figuro is alone seen in the almost uniform foggy surface. During the experiments made in 1873, tho medium, in, every case, minutely and correctly described tho appearances which afterwards came out on tho plate. _ In one there is a luminous rayed star of large size, with a human face faintly visible in fee centre. This is the last of three in which tho star is developed, and tho whole wore accurately described hy the medium. In another set of three, the medium first described,— " a light behind Mm coming from the floor." Tho next,— ' "a light rising over another, person's arms/ coming from his own boot." Tho third, — " there is the same light, but now a oolumn comes up through tho table, and it is hot to my hands. Then he suddenly exclaimed,— " What a bright light up there I Can you not seo it?" pointing to it with Ms hand. All this most accurately describes tho three pictures, and in the last, tho medium's hand is scon pointing to a white patch which appears overhead. Thore are other curious developments, the nature of which is already sufficiently indicated ; but ono very startling single picture must be mentioned. During "tha exposure ono medium said he saw on tho back, ground a block figuro, the other medium saw a light figure by the side of a black ono. In tho picture both these figures appear, the light ono very faintly, the black ono much more distinctly, of a gigantic size, with a massivo coarse-fcatured- face and long hair. ( Spiritual Magazine, January and August, 1873, Photographic News, Juao 28tb, 1872.) . Mr. Beattie has been so good as to send me for examidation a complete set of these most extra- ftrinnewit nliAlAnwt«li> At. I —A .. i—.. 1 < has furnished mo with any particulars I desired;1 I have described them as correctly as I am able ; and Dr. Thomson has authorised mo to use his name as confirming Mr. Beattie's account of tho conditions under which they appeared. Theso experiments were not- made without labor and perse vcranco. Sometimes twenty, eonsecutivo pictures produced absolutely nothing unusual. Hundreds havo been taken, and more then half havo been complc failures. But tho successes have been well worth the labor. They demon strate tho fact that what a medium or sensitive sees (even where no one else sees anything) may often have an objectivo existence. Thoy teach, us that perhaps tho bookseller, Nicolai of Berlin — whose case has been quoted ad nauseam as tho typo of a "spectral illusion" — saw real being# after all ; and that, had photography been then discovered and properly applied, wo might now have tho portraits of tho invisiblo men and women who crowded his roem. They give us hints of a process by which the figures seen at seances may have to he gradually formed or developed, and enable us better to undcrdstand tlm statements repeatedly made by the communi- eating intelligences, that it is very difficult to produce definite visible and tangible fornm, and that it can only be dono under a rare combination of favorablo conditions. We find, then, that threo amateur photogra phers working independently in different parts of England, separately confirm tho fact of spirit- photography,— already demonstrated to the satis faction of many who had tested it throngh pro fessional photographers. Tho experiments off Air. Beattie and Dr. Thomson are alone absolutely conclusive ; and, taken in connection with thoso of Mr, Slater and Dr. Williams, and the test photographers, like those of Stirs. Guppy, estab-: Itsh as a8Ctentifi3 fact the objective existence of invisible human forms, and definite invisible . Aclinic images. Before leaving the photographic phenomena we havo to notice two curious points , in connection with them. The actinic action of . the spirit-forms is peculiar, and much more rapid than that of the light reflected from ordi nary material forms; for the figures stai.t otillho moment the developing fluid touches them, while tho figure of the sittor appears much later. Mr. Baattie noticed this throughout his experiments, au(l I. was myself much struck with it when watching the development of .three pictures , recently taken at Mr. Hudson's. The second figure, though by no means bright, always came out long before any other part of the picture. The other singular thiug is, the copious drapcrv in which these forms arc al moat always enveloped, so as to show only just what is necessary for recog nition, of the face and figure. Tho explanation 'given of this is, that the human form is moro difficult to materialise than drapery. The con ventional " white- sheeted ghost ' was not then .. ail fancy, but had a foundation in fact, — a fact, too, of deep significance, dependent on tho laws of a yet unknown chemistry. Mr. Wallace concludes with a summary of the more important manifestations, physical and mental, and with a brief account of the historical and moral teachings of spiritualism, By the historical teachings of spiritualism lie means that it gives % rational account of various phenomena in human history which physical science has been unable to explain, aucflias therefore rejected orignorcd. Among \- euch phenomena he enumerates the "demon, a guardian spirit of Socrates, the oracles of antiquity, i the supernatural manifestations rceordediuthe Old Testament, tho miracles of Christ, the " spiritual gifts" referred to by St. Paul, the miracles of tliemediucval saints, second sight, and many so-called snpersti- . tions. Of the moral teachings of spritualism the chief are that man is a duality, consist ing of an organised spiritual form, evolved coincidently with, and permeating the physi cal body,, and having corresponding organs ' and developments ; that death is the \- separation of this duality, and effects no ' change in the spirit morally or intellectually; aud tiiat consequently the great moral prin- ciple, enunciated by St. Paul, of a man reap ing what lie sows, is operative both uow aud hereafter. r:_Tlie Pilot reports that the liberated con vict Gardiner left Newcastle for Hong Kong on the 23th July, in tho barque Charlotte Andre \V3. A large number of persons had assembled at the steamer's wharf expecting to sec Gardiner off, bub he was taken by Sub- inspector Thorpe and Detective Elliott to Ho. 2 crane, where a boat was waiting and conveyed on board tho barque, which sailed from the port half an hour afterwards. A fish similar in every respect to the Newfoundland cod has, it seems, made its ..' appearance in tho waters of Moonta Bay. "On the 22nd July, writes the Yorke's Penhisuh Advertiser, Mr. Watherstono and two of Mr. Kerrison's sons, who were out fishing, caught ten of the new comers in niva uus. a nuiiurea oi rue 11311 were enmeshed, but as they (wore fast drag- " giug tho net out to sea, all except ten were allowed to escape. One of the cod which waa shown us by Air. Kcrrison measured up- wards of four feet iu length, and was esti- mated to weigh between 70 and 80 lb. This is the first iustance of the cod being found iu Spencer's Gulf, and indeed we do not remember heaving of this Kind of fish ever having previously been caught on the South Australian coast. Mr. Kerrisou intends curing the cod for sale." Th e Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Cneb Jfev.'s writes : — " Some timo since I made mention of tho fact that a dog aud a vixen fox, turned out by a Ballarat gentleman a few years ago in a suitable district not a day's journey from this, had so far propagated their species as to havo seen great-grand children playing about the earths of thoir parent 1 animals. I have now to add that the' descendants of master reynard are spreading themselves wide afield, having been traced at intervals (where cover aud prey suitable are found) from the New Bondigo (St. Arnaud) distiiot to within \- fourteen miles of Ballarat. It seems tho fox, like the. hare, increases in this country almost double as fast as is the caso in the old country, aud therefore it is but fair to presume that in the course of a few years the varmint will, if protected in the mean time, be sufficiently plentiful in suitable . localities tp allow the members of the various hunts (v/hen formed) to indulge in the famous old sport of fox-hunting. Some por- 80U3 grumble a great deal about the intro duction of reynard into this colony, hut it is now too lato to lament. The mischief has beou done, and ten years hence foxes will bo as plentiful iu Victoria as in old England." An amusing instance of tho inconvenience eornetimes experienced by ladies who "go t'oi law" was furnished, saj's the Darling Downs ua:ette, in the case of Bruce v. -May, heard in the District Court last Thursday afternoon. Mra. Bruce had contested two -actions for the recovery of a cow, and even tually succeeded in obtaining a verdict for the restoration of the "litigated animal." Nil'. May was her legal adviser, and lier costs in the twoactions were taxed down to £25 13s. Gd. The account as between Mr. May and his client stood at £40 Is. 8d., but nevertheless she failed to understand tho " reason wliy" she could not get her witnesses' expenses, amounting, as she stated, to £29 16s., after "winuing a verdict." His Honor told her she was getting her experience ; that, as she never paid money to Mr. May, she could get nothing from him ; but if lie (Mr. May) decided in pressing bis set-off, it was i. very probable that Air. Alay would get v. something from her. Plaintiff, who was 7" nonsuited, declared it would be a long time "before she again meddled with the law. 