.MOEGEW WEG. A LEG^Tf®-OF J.UBECK. At the great fire of Lubeck, 12?0, the (t Almshouses of the Holy Ghost" were, destroyed j shortly after a hospital, bear ing ihe same nnme, was built.. Who. is there in Lubeck who doesnot know the story of the poor boy Bertram, and the rich Bertram Morgen Weg, the founder of the hospital ? In the house of Marquart vqn Barde, wick, a rich merchant of Lubeck, there lived as errand boy, scullion, and em ployed in every, useful capacity, a lad califd Bertram. Keither be nor any one else.jkiiew who his parents were. He had bees taken into Bardewick's bouse from charity, ta keep hiin from begging. He was a handsome boy, with an open, honest countenance. As he grew older, his master often asked bioi what be would like to be-what profession be would like to follow? He advised him to get em - . ployed'in some merchant vessel as a sailor/ in which service he might rise and :better his condition; for the boy seemed too clever and intelligent to spend his life in the menial offices he had filled. Bertram was pleased at the employment proposed for him, by which he would feel more independent and have the benefit of seeing foreign lands. But still he remained in the house, and when his master, who was generally occupied with more important matters, happened to ask him, " Well, Bertram, when are you going to set off? " his reply was, " Morgen Weg" (literally, To-morrow I will go"-or, " Very soon I will go"). This question and answer occurred so often that every one began to call him " Morgen Weg! ". But there were tJFo reasons-notwith standing his eager desire to seek his fortune in the wide world, and although be had attained the age of eighteen years ?-why he still remained. In the first place it seemed impossible to him to leave off tending and waiting on his master's little daughter, who was twelve years old. Secondly, several years previously an agent and correspondent of his master s at Riga, a kind benevolent old man, who had acquired a large fortune there, had come to Lubeck; and Bertram confiding in him what his master had advised, asked him if be could in any way assist him. . The good Jacob had given the boy money, so that he might attend a school and gain knowledge, and tfeen he was to go to Riga, where Jacob would see to his future career. IV ow when the bright spring-, with its promise of hope, again appeared, Bertram thought be was properly prepared to pre sent himself to his benefactor. He had secretly secured a passage on board a ship, and wrote on his door with chalk, " Mor= gen "Weg Hutweg," and went to Riga. Ten years passed, and no one at Lubeck thought more of the poor Bertram except sometimes his master's daughter, who had grown up a charming, beautiful jna'iden. Oi:e morning a seafaring man with a large beard entered the merchant's house. .None of the clerks or people about remem bered having seen hiin before; notwith standing' which, he very coolly mounted the narrow winding stairs behind the sitting-room' which led to the office above,_. though he well knew liis way in the Lhouse. -- j The sailor sainted the merchant, . snnd handed over-to him various documents, by which Bardewick perceived that ; the man iiad=brought him, as had oftenbeen done before,' a rich: consignment of Russian goods from the successor of Jacob of iyg», :bi8' /ormer:par.tner.; The sjiilor asked at-he; could be received into.,the house for; twif» days,. ,for he was, he. said, a. stranger^ in every.other part of the town. Herr Bardewick willingly consented, for he wished to 'hear something more, of the successor of Jacob, who he supposed must be,a very rich man considering the large sum of money and valuable deposit of goods belonging to hini which were noitf in his hands. t As it was about 12 o'clock,, he asked ' the sailor, to partake of the midday meal, ' and "sent to invite some ,of hi* friends to! dine, with them, stating that tliey wSuld have the advantage of meeting a main just arrived from liigft with news of cdmaier-' cial interest. During the repast thesailor, who took the lowest place at the table^ ref lated all he had to tell, and, amongst j other matters, that Jacob, after he hud traded singly without any partner, had 1 met with great success; that at liis death, as had no heirs, he had left a considerable fortune to his chief clerk Then-grace was said, and every guest laid a piece of ! money on the table -for the wine con^ sntned. But the feailor, to the surprise of the master ot the hou«e and his guests, : laid down as much money as ail the others, together. ? ? ?. .. ; In the afternoon, the ship, which in the,. meantime had come up from' Travemunde,. began to unload her cargo, and the: sailor was so much occupie i .till noon the.next day,:that jio: one had the ©puortunii}Tof asking him who he was,.and .who Jacob's successor was, much .as. tjbey. wished to know. But at midday £hsy..$jl.,again as sembled -.but how astonished were; tire)' when the sailor entered, dressed this, time in a very handsome suit of clothes, and having shaved off his great Russian beard, Taking Herr Bardewick by the ,hand, be said : *' My property is now safely boused I am. Jacob's successor, and I am, also look at me well," -be said, taking off his! broadrbrimaied hat, "Iam jZorgen WegV' Yes ! " exclaimed Bardewick's .daughter, "it is .Bertram ;" and then" she grew red with shame, for at that time it was not deemed- proper for a girl to speak out so boldly, . Wow one by one the guests, the clerks, the servants recognised him, welcomed him heartily, and begged he would re count all that had happened to him. It was true that he had by his diligence and intelligence, by his just dealings and tin-1 deviating probity, acquired a large fortune." Herr Bardewick naade hint his partner, and the next year permitted him to marry bis beautiful daughter, his greatest tipar sure. - Bertram employed his wealth arid his experience in various wstvs for t' e .inod "of Lubeck, so that he was soon elected into ibe council; but the most noteworthy, memorial lelt ot him is tbe richlvTendowed. Hospital of tbe Holy Ghost-ion the Kauf bergj by which he ministered to a pressing want of the community, for the obi hospi tal above the Marlsgrube (ditch) lisd possessed far too sinali a revenue. He even provided against the possibility, of the-landed property of the institution being, taken from it by a war, or ,bv the edifice being destroyed by fire, by placing a sum ci mosey- sufficient to counteract the effects of these misfortunes under the faundation of its wall Leisure Sour. 