REVIVALS. .. to TBS SUITOR ur tbe AGEi , Sir.,— Tho abivo subject is at the present time engaging attention. 'The Presbyterians of Gee- long havo appointed a committee to considor the subject. Tho iVcsleyans havo engaged the services of a professional revivalist— a gentleman who is now at work, not disinterestedly, but for a consi- deration— mo irons ,ot wtmse labors Have boon bhodglit withiii tile last day or two before our police bench in tho shape of charges of lunacy. With tho viow of bringing this subject before tho thinking portion of tho community, thoso who are not prepared to lay down their reason and indi viduality at tbo feot of blind faitl, I beg to shb- luit tho following Sktrncl whicn during tbo courab ov lily reading I have found. I consider thai it contains tho true philosophy of revivals : — Revivals depend upon many conditions for their success, thn principal of which is tbat, us the results are psychological and magnetic, the re quirements of animal magnetism must bo ful filled. The churches may 'be, and probably aro, ignorant of taegr.'elisui, bi lhay scotf at the idea kllal oiib person can influence another ; bnt when thoy set themselves to inaugurate a revival, thoy observe tbo conditions imposed in all successful magnetic experiments. As in circles gathered for spirit manifestations, they know harmony is vitally essential. The churches unite, and for a liino lay aside all petty diffel euces ; they rango themselves on a harrow strip of neutral ground, and thus concentrated, determine on one object— t he conversion of souis. In other words, they feral a cil olo, the magnetic force of which is in direct ratio to its unity, harmony, and fervor. One element more is wanting — a directing mind, and preachers there arc who acquire the reputa tion of revivalists, men of strong will, fixed pur pose, energy, nnd tho inseparable accompaniment to their rnaguetic power. Their moral ntatus is not nn element ot the process for the tempera ment which makes them successful as revivalists is essentially animal, and for that very reason scarcely one of this class escapes the truthful tongue of criticism. The leaders, the ministers, tho zealous members, led by tbo revivalist, come together. Thoy lirst proceed to remove all dif ferences which may exist between themselves. They kneel beforo'the Throne of Grace, ami their souls flow together in prayer aud psalm. Differences melt and vanish. The pleasiug psychological influence which is thus created is mistaken for tbe presence of the Holy Ghost, and this belief warms their heart anew. Tbe circle is formed, and as a central battery, exerts its influence on surrounding minds. The preacher strikes tbe key nolo, and laymen attune themselves to its pitch, and the perfection of tho harmony is a true measure of the results obtained. As iu a choir, ono discord ant voice spoils the melody, one antagonistic mind will destroy tho harmony of this mental battery. Tho "revivalist" encourages iu bis choscu band those acts which cxpcricnco has taught him contribute to unison, as self abase ment, confession of sins, nnd yielding in humility tho individuality. Nothing should be " kept back." Thospirit must go down in tbo dust, aud by stultifying reason, nnd obstinate individuality, by servility nnd nbnsouoss, secure tho sweet peaco of sins pardoned and freely forgiven. Then is tho magnetic power organised, and those who aro un conscious of its existence feel its influence, We know how persons of strong will can affect those who nro sensitive, imposing their thoughts and purposes on them. As the power of tbo voltaic battery is increased by i-ach additional plate of zinc and copper, so is tho force of this mental batten- increased by each individual added there to. It requires a weok, or perhaps even a month, to. unitiso tho conflicting individualities, and create tiie harmony which is essential for exercise of theiull force of tho elementsorganised. Daily and nightly thoy meot, pray, sing, relato experiences, confess, their shortcomings, and beseech tho gathering audience to come forward to tho Throne of Grace. The first convert is tbe evidence of the harmony of their forces. The most sensitive, of course, first feel tho mysterious power. Backsliders aud renegades by their periodical conversions acquire no enviable re putation, though they aro really honest and sin cere, These sensitive subjects, with perhaps ehiidrcn ot orthodox training, first feel tho snbtlo force. As soon as they como forward aud join the central power, its strength is increased by tbe confidence bestowed by success, tho seeming pre sence of tho Holy Ghost, and by the addition of numbers. Tho magnetic force increases and now masters the less sensitive. Now early dogmatic training becomes a vain- tblo ally. Tbo magnetic power fills the church, seeking out the weak, aud beating in innumerable waves against, tuem until tnoy yield. Thoy who have felt tho magnetic in- iluonec understand thoscnsalious of the convert. Reason, intellect, the will, aro swept away, and a blind irresistible incomprehensible force usurps their placo. Tho emotions aro intensified, as they are in the magnetic stato ; & flood of iucffablo desires and aspirations burst on the startled noritiate.f who, bowildered, amazed and cou- fouuded by the strange sensations, eagerly itshs their meaning. Instead of explaining the prin ciples of psychology, the revivalist and tho leaders, blind leaders of the blind, shout " glory to God, another sinner saved." Is it not patent to every student of psychology, and to every ono who lias witnessed its most common manifestations, that revivals arc dopendout on the same laws. Ask tbe young convert why ho attends the meeting night after night ; what possiblo interest he can have iu the threadbare taloof experiences and prayers. lie will answer thnt be is strongly attracted— ha feels happy whilo there. It is tho same influence the sunlto exercises over the bird— it is charming — or the .inagnotiser employs on his .passive sub ject, and often' proceeds to unconscious trance, Tho euro of revivals is knowledge. Elevate the mind abovo the instructive and emotional plane by a true and thorongh education, and imriTvlfirl'ra /if f.hn taws ftf llirt wnrlfl. find rncivala become impossible. Z. 