PETEB, THE PABSON. (C&NCLUijED;). Wandering at random through the pine forest, unable to overcome the dull depression at hie heart, he cime suddenly upon a large bull dog ; the creature, one of the ugliest of its kind, eyed him quietly, with a slow wrinkling of . the eullea upper lip. The parson visibly trembled. 'Fraid, are ye Pr called out a voice, and the athlete of the breakfast table showed himself. ( Call off your dog, please, Mr. Long." ' He aint doin' nothin', paieou. But you're at liberty to kick him, if you like,' eaid the man, laughing, aB the dog snuffed stealthily around the parson's gaiters The parson shifted his position j the dog followed. ' He stepped aside ; so did the dog. He turned and walked away, with a deter mined effort at self-control f the dog went closely behind, brushing bis ankles with his ugly muzzle. He hurried; so did the dog. At laBt, overcome, with the nervous physical timidity which belonged to his constitution, he broke into a run, and fled as if for life, hf ariug the dog close behind and gaining with every etep. The jeerihg .laugh of the atbiete followed him through the pi&e; tree aisles, but he heeded it not, and when at last be tpied a log house on one side he took refuge within iike a hunted hare, breathless and trem- - bling. An old woman smoking a pipe was its only occupant. What's the matter ?' she eaid. Oh, the dog'?' And taking a stiok of wood, she drove the animal from the door, and sent him fleeing back to his master. The parson sat down by the hearth "to recover his composure. Why, yer most frightened to death, ain't yer ?' said the old wom»n, as she brushed against him to make up the fire. You're all of a tremble. I wouldn't etrrfy so fas from home if I was y ou, child/ Her vision was imperfect, and she took the small, cowering figure for a boy. The minister went home. After dinner, which tie did nbt eat, as the greasy dishes offended his palate, he shut himself up in his room to prepare bis. sermon for toe coming Sun day. It made bo differencb whether there would be anyone to hear it or not, the eerihon was always oarefully written, and carefu'ly- delivered;- albeit short, according to the ritualistic usage, whibh esteems the service all; the sermon nothing. His theme on this occasion was . The General Councils of thp Church/ and the sermon, an admirable pro duction of its kind, would have been esteemed no doubt in English Oxford, or in the General . Theo logical Seminary of New York City. He wrote earnestly and ardently, deriving a keen enjoyment from ; the work ; thb Mechanical part also was exquisitely finished, the clear sentences standing out like the work of a sculptor.. Then oame vespers; and the congregation this time was com posed of two, or rather t tree persons ; the girl, the owner of the dog, and the dog himself. 1 The man eutetod dUrihg service with a noisy , step, managing to enrow over a nenon, cougmng, Hum ming, and talking to hie dog ; half of the congre gation was evidently bent on ihiSbhief. Bht the other: half rbsfe With the air of a little qneea, Crossed the intervening space with an open prayer- book, gave it to the man, and, Bearing herself olose by, fairly awed him into good behaviour. Bose Ray was beautiful, and the lion lay at her feet. As for the dog, with ft wave 6f her hahd she ordered him but, and the beast humbly withdrew. It was noticeable that the parson's voioe gained strength as the dog disappeared. I ain't going to stand by and see it, Rosie,' said the man, as, the service over, he followed the girl into the street; " That Dnny little chap !' " He cares nothing for me/ answered the girl quickly. ' He ehan't have a chance to oare, if I know myBelf. You're free to Bay " no" to me, Bosie, but you ain't free to eay" yea' to him. A regular coward ! Thai's what ho ie. Why, he ran away from my dog this very afternoon — ran like he was soared to death !' Ydu set the dog on him, Steve/ ' Wbll, what if I did ? He needn't have' run ; any otoer man would have sect the beast flying/ Now, Steve, do premise me that you won't tease him any more/ said the girl, laying her hand npon toe man's arm as he walked by. her side. His face softened. If he had any spirit he'd be ashamed to l)ftve a girl beggin' for him not to be teased. But never mind; Til let him alone last enough, Rosie, if you will too/ . If I wll/ repeated the girl, drawing babk, as he dretr closer to her side " what can ybu mean ?' ' Oh come now ! You know very well you're always after him— a-goin' to his chapel when ce, one elsb gees hardly — a- liatemu' to his prrtmbing — and a-havin' your pioture hung up in his room." It was a random shaft, sent carelessly, more to finish toe sentenee with a strong point than from any real belief in the athlete's mind. What 1' Least ways so Mm. Malone eaid. I took break fast there this morning/ The girl vu thrown off her guard, ber whole face flushed with joy, eheeould not for the moment hiae heir ftcitattioni." My pioture and olasped her hands. The light from the .Fine- Cone crossed her &oe;, and revealed toe whole i : .... - . . »- i : secret; Uteres Long saw it, and fell into a rage. After all, then, she. did love the puny parson ! 4 Let him lorirf for himself that's tell, he' mattered with h fierce gesture, as he "turned to wards the saloon fidpr. (He felt a sudden thirst for vengeance, sad for whisky.) « Ftt bp even with ,h%«nd I won'tjbblong about it neither. You'2 iever' haye the li|rie pareon, alive, Hose Ray! Be'li be found miSsm some fine mornin/ and nobody mU be to blaxne but you either/ ' He dis appeared, and thefrl stood watching the spot whefehis dark, awty face Jmd been. After a time she went slowly nome ward,' troubled at heart; there was neither law nor order at Algonquin, and not without good cause did ehe fear. The next morning, as the parton was Cei&ing; from his solitary matin- eervioe through thiok- felling vpow, this giri met him, slipped ft note into his hand, and disappekredP like a vision. The parson went homeward, carrying the folded paper under his oloak presssd close to his heart; 4-I am 0-1 ly keeping it dry/ he murmured to himself. This was the note :— " ReBpeoted Sir,— I must see you, you air ia danger, Tiea&e; cofee tothb" Grotter this after noon at three and I remain yours respectful, 1 Rose Rat.' The Reverend Herman Warriner Peters read these words over and over ; then he went to breakfast, but ate nothing, and, coming bock to his room, he remained toe whole mdrning morion less in his chair. At first the- red flamed in his cheek, but gradually it faded and gave place to a pinched pallor; he bbwed his head upon his hands, communed with his own heart, and was still. :As the dinner bell rang he knelt down on the cold hearth, made a little funeral pyre of the note torn into fragments, watched it elowly oon sume, and then, oarefully collecting the ashes, he laid them at the bsse of the large erosi. At two o'clock he eet out for. the Grotto, a cave two miles from toe village along the shore, used by the fishermen as a camp daring the summer. The enow had continued falling, and now lay deep on the even ground ; the pines were loaded with it, and everything was white save the waters of the bay,: heaving sullenly, dark and leaden, as though (key knew the icy fetters were nearly ready for them. The parson Walked rapidly along in his awkward, halting gait ; overshoes be had none, and bia cloak was but a sorry substitute for the. blankets aud skips worn by the miners. Bat he did not feel cold when he opened the door of the little cabin: which' had been built out in front of the cave, and found himself face to face with the beautiful girl who had summoned him there. She had lighted a fire of pine knots on the hear-h, and set the fishermen's rough furniture in order ; she bad cushioned a chair baok with heir shawl and heated a fist stone for a foot-warmer, 'Take this eeat, -sir,' she arid, leading hisi thither. The pareon sank info the chair and placed his old, soaked gaiters on the warm stone ; bnt he "said not one word. ( I thought perhaps you'd be tired after your long walk, sir/ continued the girl, f and so I took the liberty of bringing something with ms/ As she spoke she drew into view a basket, and took from it delioate bread, chicken, oakes, pr served strawbetrier, and a little tin coffee- ptft which, eet on the ooale, straightway emitted a delicious fragrance ; nothing was forgotten— cream, sugar; nor even snowy napkins. Thb parson 'spoke sot a word. But the girl talked for both, as with flushed cheeks and starry eyes she prepared. the tempting meal,: using many pretty arte and graceful morions, using iB short every power she possessed to charm toe silent geBt. The table was spread,- the viands arranged; the coffee ponied intothe cap; bat still thb parsen spoke not, and his blue eyes were almost stem aB he glanced at the. tempting array. He touched nothing. ' I thought ypu would have lpted it 11/ said the girl bt last, when she saw her little offerings despised. t brought them all otit myself-and I was so glad thinking you'd like ythem — and bow_L' her VDioe brok£, and toe tears flowed from her pfotty, soft eyes.- -A grat tenderness eame over the parson'afaoe. Dp notwr'bep/bbBaidquieklr.lSeei lam eating. am enjoying everything. It is ail good4-nay, delicious.' And in hH baste he partook of eaoh dish, and lifted tthe coffee-cup to his lips. The girl's faos grew ; joybua again, and. the parson straggled bravely agalnBt his ©ton enjoyment $ in trttth, Wfiat with the warm : fire, : toe easy, chair, the delicate food, the fraerrant coffee, and the eager, beautiful face before him, a sense of haupiness odme over huh in long surges, and for the moment his iofil drifted with the Warm tide. 4 Ypu do like it, don't yea ?' said the girl with delight, as. he slowly drank the fragrant coffee, his starved lips lingering over the delicious brown drepei Something ic her vqice jarred on the tr&isea; nefves and roused thetn to' action again.. ' Ybs, I do like;it — only too well,' he answered ; but tlje tone ot his voice had altered. He pushed baok his chair, rose,, and began pacing to and fro in the shadbw beyond foe glow of the fire. 4 Thou glutton body I1 he murmured, 1 Bat thou foaltigo empty for this/ Then, after a pause, he said iu a quiet, even tone; ' You had something tb tell'tne/Mifls Bay.f x The girl's face had altered ; but rallying she told her etory earnestly —ol Bteveh' Long, his fierce temper, hs otter lawnessneos, and' hn threats. ? And why shonld Steven Long threaten me ? said tlU paiMibi ''BhK yon oeed not answer/ he ooBtinbed in au Hgitatedroice. Say to Steven Long-f-say fo bim/ be repeated in louder tones, that L shall never marry. I have consecrated my "nS'JSflSHU, -ia crushing weight os ; both - listener and speaker Wa «iU npt realise even our own determinations, sometimes, Lrmtil We have told them to another. The girl rattled first ; for ehe etiU hoped. Mr. Peters,' she arid, taking all her courage in her hafeds and coming towards him, is it wrong to marry ?' Bbr me— it is/ "Why?/: Because Turn s priest,' , ArC youa Catholic, then?' "I qoau Qatoolio, although act in toe eense yon mean. MShe is the true Catholic faith which toe ; AngUcsm Church has kept pure from the errors of Romejani mine it" is to make my life accord, with the hikh pffioeT hold/ , „ "I it park of your high office to be cold — sua bungrjr — and wretched P ; 1 ajm not wretched/ "Yop are ; now, and ftt all times. You are kfilihjgiyourfldif/ . No ; elto I had died long, long ago/ Wall, of what use is your poor life as yoj Tfo you itemed among the miners P How many have> brought mto the nbito P r$ot one' — — ' And yourself ? Have you suoceeded, so far, io making yourself a saint ?' 1 Qpd knows J have not,' replied the parson, oorerine his face with 'his bands ays the questions probed his sore, sad hearty 1 have failed in my work, I hae faded m myself. T am of all men isost miserable— most miserable !' Th girl sprang forward and caught his arm, her eyos fall of love's pity. ' You know you love me, she murmured ; ' why fight against it ? For I— I love you!' What did the parson do ? He fell upon his knees, but not to her, and uttered a Latin prayer, short but fervid. « All the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them/ he murmured, ' would not be to me so much as this !' Then he rose. « Child,' he said,.' you know not what yoa do.'. And, opening the door, he went away into the snowy forest. But the girl's weeping voice called gter him, 'Herman, 'Herman.' He turned ; ebe had sunk upon the'fchresbold. He oame back and lifted her for a moment in his arms. 1 Be comforted, Rosamond,' he said, tenderly. <It is but a fancy, you will soon forget me. You do not really love mer-iuoh 1 one as I,' he continued, bringing forward, poor heart! his own greatest sorrow with unpitying hand. ' But/ thank you, dear, for the gentle fancy. . He stood a moment, silent ; then . toached her. dark hair with his quivering lips and disappeared; ' Sunday morning the sun :rdie unclouded, the scow lay deep on the ground, the first ice covered the ba.v ; winter had- cbme. At ten o'clock the customary service began in the Chapel of St. Jahn and St. James, end the little congregation shivered, and whispered that it muit really try to r.iee money enougtj for a stove' The parson did not feel the cold, although be looked aimbst b'ood- 1?88 in h e white surplice. The Englishwoman wia there, repentant— the sick child had hot rallied under the new ministration. Mrs. Maione was there from sheer 'good nature, and several of the villagers and tworor three minerShad strolled h because they had nothing else to do, Brother Saul having returned to the mine. Rose Ray was not there. She was no saint, so she stayed at home and wept like a sinner. l'he congregation, which had sat silent through the service, fell entirely asleep during the sermon on the ' G-eneral Councils.' . Suddenly, in the midst ef a sentence, there came a noise that stopped the parson and "woke the sleepers. Two or three miners rushed into the chapel and epoke to the few men present. Oohfe out,' they wied, oomfe' out to the mine. The thief a caught at met, and who do you think it is? Sanl, Brother Saul himself, the hypocrite ! They tracked him to his den, ahd there they fouhd the barrels, and sacks, aifd kegs, but the. stuff he's made away with, most of it. He took it all, every crftmb, and ue - a starving 1' ' We've run in to tell the town,' said another. 1 We've got him hut, and we're going to make a 'sam Die of bim. Come out and see the fan.' ' Yes' echoed a third, who hfted a ruffianly face from his short squat figure, ' and we'll take our own time, too. He's made us suffer, and now he shall suffer a bit, if I. know myself.': The1 women shuddered as, wi"h an ominous- growh all the men wen trout together, '/v 'I misdoubt they'll pang hira/'WdYMM. Malonq, shaking her head as ehe laoked aftcr them. . " . ' : t ' 1 Or worse,' said the miner's wife. Then the two departed, and the parson was left alone. D id he cut off theBerVigtf? No. Deliberately, he finished every word oT the sermon, jmagiff? hymn, and spoke the finkl prayer sMffqn/OnFr patting ereiythicg jp gdelyhp pod\efi> the little tatistaqfyt buVfrftfiifiTOGt go homeward, lie took the road tOitlifUWinci ' ' Don't ee go, sir, don't i' 1 pleaded the; Englishwoman, standing- in her v doorway as he ' pasted. ' You proxflt dp no good, sir.' ' Maybe not,' answered the parson, gently, but at least I must try/ " ; He entered the forest, the air was stiH and 1 Cold, the snow crackled under his feet, and the pine-trees stretched aWay in long white aisles. He looked like a pigmy as tiehastoned on among the fereit giants, his step more languid than usual from aternMt vioit and'filtmtf. ' Thou proud, evil -body, -I -have conquered thee !' he eaid in the cold dawning. And he had ; st least, the body answemd not again. The mine was several mileB away, and . to lighten the journey the little man sang abynro, his voice sounding thrdugh the forest in singular melody. It if an anpient hymn that he sang, written long" ago by some cowled monk, and it told in quaint TangoapC ra the joys of Piiradive t Od Paradise !' Se did iot feel the oold as he ang of the pearly gate#/ 1 ' In the late afternoon his halting feet ap proached the mine j ks fea .drew near the clearing ue heard a sound of many vofdes shouting together, followed by__a single cry, and a momentary eUuce mnrerfearf ul than the clamour. The tormentors word ' atwrork. The parson ran forward, and, putting the log huts ' which lay be tween, ohrfie oht uppn the scene. A circle of men riccd there around a stake. . Fyatcneif by a long rope, orouched the wretched prisoner, his face turned to t-hjj colpujL®f dough, his ooarte features drawn apart" flke aa animal in terror, and his hearse voice never ceasing its piteous cry, Have mercy, good gentlemen la Dear .-gentlemen, have teercy I ' 1 At a little distance afire of logs -was burning, nd from the brands scattered around it was evident that the man haiT ;a wvm fer the fiery missiles 5. in ilfiltonhe bore Hie marks of blows, and his oiotbee were) torn and covered with mud at though he bad beqn dragged1 roughly over the ground. The lurjd light of the fire oast s glow over the faces of the miners, behind rose the Iron Mountain, dark in shadow, and on each side stretched out the'tmfcs of the; white pine- trrea like ghosts assembled as silent witnesses I sgainat the cruelty of msu. The parson rushed forward, broke through the oirole, and thtow bis around the prisoner at the stake,' protecting bim with bis slender body. | ' If ye kill him, ye must kill me also,' be Cried ia a ringing voice. Oa the bordei, the greatest crime is robbery. A thief is worse than a murderer ; a life does not count so much as life's .supplies. It was not for murderer that the Lynch law was made, but for the thief. For months these Algonquin tUiUerft tikd suffered " loss ; their goods, their provisions, their clothes, and their precious ; u«8k|,had b?en ttoltrs," dsvr after day, and all j bad proved Vain j exasperated, several snfleriCgc from want, they bad "bcaped up a great store of fary for the thief foxy Jsreased tenfold when, caught at last, he proved I f w no other thin Brother Saul, the one man irlted» one man whom they mn ?d Mm> bhemselvet, the oS man from whom they had expected better things. An honest bloodthirsty wolf in his own skin was an animal they respected j indeed they were them- eeives little better. Bat a wolf in a deep's oloth- fa 8 erae utterly abhorrent to their peculiar sense of honour. So they gathered around their prey, and esteemed it rightfully theirs: whisky had sharpened their enjoyment \- T® this savage band, enter the little parson. What. Are ye men!1 he cried. ' Shame, ye murderers !' The miners stared at the small figure that defied them, and for the moment their anger gave way before a rough sense of the ludicrous. . 1 Hear the . little man,' they cried. 1 Hurrah, Deter ! Ho ahead !' But they soon wearied of his appeal and began to answer baok. » ;; ' What are clothes or provisions to a life? eaid the minister. Life aint worth much without 'em, parson, replied a miner. ' He took all we had, and we've gone oold and hungry 'long of him, and he knowed it. And all the time we was a-giving him of the best, and a- believing his praying and his preaching,' If he iB guilty let him be tried by the legal authorities.' ' We're our own legal 'thorities, Parson.' ' The coantry will call yoa to aeoouat. The country won't do nothing of the kind. Much the country cares for us poor miners frozen np here in the woods ! Stand baok, Parson. Why should you bother about Saul? You alwaya bated him.' ' Never ! Never !' answered the parson earnestly. Yon did too, and he knowed it. 'Twas because he was dirty and couldn't minoe his words as you do.' The parson turned to the crouching figure at his side. 'Friend,' he said, 'if this is true — and the heart is darkly deceitful and hides from man hie own - worst eins — I humbly ask your forgive- neas.' O come ! None of your gammon,' said .an other miner impatiently. ' Saul didn't care whether you liked bim or not, ior he. knowed you was only a coward.' 'Fraid of a dog ! 'Eraid of a dog 1' shouted half a dozen voices, and a frozen twig Btruck the parson's cheek, and drew blood./ Why, he's got blood !' said one. ' I never thought he had any.' peme, Parson,' said a friendly miner, advanc ing from the circle, we don't want to hurt you, but you might as well understand that we're the ; masters here.' ' And if ye are the masters, then be just. Hive the erimminai to me 3 I will myself take him to the nearest judge, the nearest jail, and deliver him up.'" 'He'll be more likely to deliver you up, I- reckon, Parson.' ' Well, then, send a committee of your own men wi h me—' We've got other things to do besides taking /long journeys over the ice to commodate thieves, Parson. Leave the man to. us.' Aind to torture f Men, men, ye would not irA&t; h beast so i' . - A) beast don't steal our food an d whisky / sang out a miner. . . ;Stjand hack, stand back, ' shouted ; several voicei You're too tittle to fight, JParaon. . y hhtLitoe dstbln to die,'. answetecL the: minis e& otiuttWiibg up ;his arms £owatd£a£hnx Ilftry .O . . ') j srijjCCiD si rj 'i / .ffpr an instabt his wnrdsdnsld the men ia&heolfs; they looked at each othesfhenatutiun. i y Think. of youraelvaa,'-JcontinnedfJthe minister. Are ye without fault? Ifyemuxder this man ye are worse than he is.' But here the minister went astray in. his appeal,- and ran against the views of the border. . ' Worse ! /Worse than a sneaking thief ! Worse than a praying hypocrite who robs the very men that feed him. Look here, we won'iLstand that ! Sheer off, or take the < consequences. And a burning brand struck the parson's coat, and fell on die head of the crouobing figure at his side, settink fire to its hair. Instantly the parson ex- tinguished the light flame, and drew the burly form closer within his arms, so that the two stood as one. ' Not one, but both of us,' he. cried. j ; A new voice cpoke next, the voice of the oldest . miner, and the most hardened reprobate there. . 1 Let go that rasosl, Parson. He's the fellow that lamed you fast spring. He set the trap himself 3 I seen him a-doiog it.' Involuntarily, for a moment, Herman Peters drew back $ the trap set at the chapel door, the deliberate, cruel intention, the painful injury, and its life-long result, brought the angry colour to hie nale face. The memory was full of the old bitter noes. But Saul, feeling himself deserted, dragged his miserable body forward, and clasped the parson's knees. With desperate hands he clung, and he was not repulsed. Without a word the parson drew him closer, and again faood the orowd. Why, the man's a downright fool !' eaid the old miner. ' That Sanl lamed him for life, and all for nothing, and still he stands by him. The man's mad P ' I jsm not mad,' answered the parson, and his voice Tung oat clear and sweet. But I am a minister af the' great Hod who has said Co men, " Thou shaft do no murder." O men ! O brothers 1 look baok into your own lives. Have ye no crimes no sins to be forgiven f Can ye expect mercy when; ye give none ? Let this poor creal ure go, and it shall he oountsd hnto you for goodness. Ye, too, mast sometime die 3 and when the hour comes, as it often oomes in lives like yours with sadden horror, ye will have this good deed to re member. For charity — which is mercy— shall cover a multitude of sins.' He ceased, and there was a momentary pause. Then a stern voice- answered, ' Facts won't alter, Parson. The iman is a thief, and must be punished. Your talk may do for women-folks, jiotfprus. , . - . _ ' Women- folk I' vepeated the ruffian-faced man : who had made the women shudder at the chapel. He's a sly fax, this parson I He didn't go out fcomeet Rosie Ray at the Hrotter yesterday, oh, no I' Liar!' rhouteda man, who had been standing in the shadow on the outskirts of the crowd, taking, so far, no part in the scene. He torcs« himself to the front ; it was Steven Long, bis face dark with passion. _ ' No liar at all, Steve,' answered the first. « I sew 'em there with my own eyes 5 tney has things to eat and everything. Just ask the parson.' , ' Yes, ask the parson,' echoed the ethers, aao with the shifting humor of the border they stopped to laugh over the idea.- ' Ask the parson. Steven Long stepped forward and confronted the little minister. His strong hands were olenohed, his blood was on fire with jealousy. The bull-dog followed his master, and smelled around the parson's gaiters — the same poor old shoes, his only pair, now wet with melted snow. The parson glanced down apprehensively. . 'Fraid of a dog ! 'Fraid of a dog !' shouted the miners again, laughing uproariously. The fan was better than they had anticipated. , ' Is it true ?' demanded Steven Long| in a bourse voice. Did you meet that girl at the Hrotter yesterday ?' ' I did meet Rosamond Ray at the Hjrotto yesterday, answered the parson ; but- — He never fiaiehed the sentence. A/fragment of iron ore struck him on the temple. He fel and died, his small body lying across the thief, whom he still protected, even in death. The murder was not avenged 3 Steven Long was left to go his own way. But as the thief was also allowed io depart . unmolested, the principles of border justice were held to have been amply satisfied. The miners attended the funeral in a body, and even deputed one of their number to read the Episoopal burial service over the rough pine coffin, since there was no one else to do it. They brought out the chapel prayer-books, found the places, and followed as well as they could ; for ' he thought a deal of them books. Don't yon remember how he was always carrying 'em back ward and forward, poor li ttle chap !' The Chapel of St. John and St. James was closed for the season. In the summer a new missionary arrived ; he was not Ritualistic, and before the year was out he married Rosamond Bay- - % 