UNITED PRAYER FOR SCOTLAND. The following paper has just been issued, and sent to every minister of every denomination in Scotland. Let our readers put it into-operatiou where- over they are : — " Edinburgh ia now en joying signal manifestations of grace. Many of the Lord's people are -not surprised at this. In October and No vember last, they met from time to time to pray for it. They hoped that they might have a visit from Messrs Moody and Sankey, of America, but they very earnestly besought the Lord that He would deliver them from depending upon them, or on any instrumentality, and that He himself would coma with them, or come before them. He has.graciously answered that prayer, and His own pre sence is now wonderfully manifested, and is felt to be among them. God is so affecting7 the hearts of men, that the Free Church Assembly Hall, the. largest public building in Edinburgh, is crowded every day at noon with a meeting for prayer; and that building, along with the Established Church Assembly Hall, overflows every evening, when the gospel is preached. But the numbers that attend are not the most remarkable feature. It is the presence and the power of the Holy Ghost, the solemn awe, the prayerful, believing, expectant spirit, the anxious inquiry of unsaved souls, and the longing of believers to grow more like Christ — the hungering and thirsting alter nonnoss. The hall of the Talboofh Church, and the Free High Church, are nightly attended by anxious inquirers. All denominational and social distinctions are entirelymerged. All this is of the God of Grace. Another proof of the Holy Spirit's presence is, that a desire has been felt and expressed in these meetings, that all Scotland should share the blessing that the capital is now eDjoyiDg. It is impossible that our belovod friends from America should visit every place, or even all those to which they have been urged to go. But this is not necossnry. The Lord is willing Him self to go wherever He is truly invited, i He is waiting. Tho Lord's people in ' Edinburgh, therefore, would affection ately entreat all their brethren through- ' out the land lo be importunate in ia- ! voking Efim to come to them, aud to dis miss all doubts as io His being willing to j do so. If the country will thus fall on their knees, the God who has filled onr j national history with the wonders of j His love, will come again and surprise even the strongest believers by the un precedented tokens of His grace. ' Call nnto me and I will answer thee, and show thee great and mighty things which thou knowest not.' " 