Sunstrokes in the Vatican. (The Spectator.) We have before us a rather curious plate, forbidden, we see, to copyists, and at the present moment of some interest to mankind. It contains the photographs of every member of the Sacred College, of all the cardinals who may vote at the election of the next Pope, besides five or six who have intermediately died. This election, it is now nearly certain, will be ordered in the regular way, and taken at the Vatican, the Con- clave being unwilling to give any hostile power, 'such as Bismarck, an opportunity of doubting or rejecting the election, nor will, there be any (large accession to the list. A few more may be created, as the Pope is better, and Cardinal 'Barnabe, the head of the Propaganda, in exceedingly ill-health ; but the filling a up. of the list, an ecclesiastical coup 'd'etat, is exceedingly improbable. If, then, the regular forms are observed, the Pope must be elected either by inspiration that is, unanimous acclaim, on infrequent and, in this case, almost impossible method by the appointment of a committee of selection, quite possible, though objectionable ; or by balloting, before Borne altar in the Quirinal, or, we suppose, at present, the Vatican. This process is described by Mr. Cartwright, a Protestant author, whose book is allowed to be authentic -.? "The ordinary election by ballot is performed by two processes repeated daily, in general one in the forenoon, which is a simple ballot; the other in the afternoon, which consists in the process technically called of acceding, whereby an elector, revoking his morning's ballot, transfers his vote to someone whose name had that morning already come out of the ballot-box. Hence the designation of the supplementary ballot, for in it the faculties of electors are strictly limited to the power of adhering to some cardinal whose name at the early ballot has been drawn. The voting-papers are square and folded down, so as at each end to have (sealed portion, within the upper one of which is written the voter's name, to be opened only under special circumstances and in the other, sealed with the same seal, some motto from Scripture, which, once adopted, must be the same at all ballots, and serves ordinarily as the means for identification of the vote. In the 'middle space, which is left open, stands the name , of the candidate. Advancing to the altar, after a short prayer in silence, and an oath aloud, wherein the Saviour is called to witness that the vote about to be given is dictated by conscientious comic tions alone, each cardinal drops his paper in the chance upon the altar. M'ben all have voted, the examination of the papers is made by the scruff tors, three cardinals selected by lot, who succes lovely hand to each other every paper, which the last files on a pin. Should a candidate come out with just a majority of two- thirds, it then becomes necessary to open the upper folded portions of the ballot-papers, with the view of ascertaining that this majority is not due to the candidate's . own vote, it being not lawful for a Pope to be the actual instrument of his own creation. In the case of no adequate majority, these papers are preserved, so as to be able to check, through the mottoes, the votes given in the supplementary . ballot, it being, of course, unlawful for a cardinal to repeat a second vote in behalf of the candidate for whom he had already voted in the morning. The form of tendering this second vote is by writing ' Accedo domino Cardinal!,' while those who persist in their morning's choice insert the word ' Nemini.' Should both ballots fail in producing the legal majority, then the papers are burnt while in all cases the portion containing the voter's name is to be opened by the scruff- tors only in the event of some suspicion of fraud or of a vote being invalid, through some viola . lion by the elector of the prescribed forms." There is no lady whatever prohibiting the ' cardinals from stepping beyond their own body, . or beyond the episcopate, or beyond the priest- hood two Popes, John XII. and Adrian V., Loving unquestionably been laymen, the latter of whom never took priest's orders not, indeed, beyond the limits of Catholicism itself. By the theory of the thing, the Pope having been elected, in that out receives the immediate consecration of the Holy Ghost, and his previous antecedents . are matters of profound indifference. It is, however, most unusual for the cardinals to step beyond their own body, the latest instance being 1758, when Barberini, a mere monk, was nearly elected j and among those pictures, therefore, . the candidate is almost certain to be found, They form a group to an outside observer singularly unlike the popular impression of the Con- clave, being usually simple old men, with hand. Borne, gentlemanly features, and very moderate brains, Several of them are extremely learned. Acquire, for instance, having been 'NYiicuiiin's rival and friend in the schools, while Petra is a monster of erudition, especially in Oriental Church history, rites, and liturgies, points on which Home is incessantly called to decide by flocks of which no one hears, and in languages Mezzofanti scarcely knew. There is no one among them with his head quite so intellectual as Father NT swine ; no one with the true ascetic face of Dr. Manning ; no dreamer, unless it be Bonaparte ; no real Tor- quemada, though Cardinal Patrizi, the Inqui- sitor-General, and a favorite candidate, has much of the stupid severity natural to that character. There is but one strong aggressive face, with the fighting peasant underneath its steadiness (Car- dinal Cullen) ; but one physically bad face, Cardinal Vannicelli Cason, who looks like a turf man of the lower grade and but one who would be taken for an English bishop, Cardinal Aiiiat di Santo Filippo of Horse. There are but three who surpass the usual type Cardinal Monaco de Valletta, it superb face (Archdeacon Grantley the realised) ; Cardinal Bonaparte, exactly like the First Napoleon securing rised ;' and Cardinal Riario Sforza, the strong, but imaginative man, who would, it is said, if elected, shake Europe, as he has already destroyed the municipality of Naples, by declaring for the democracies of earth, as against its kings. His face, with its steady eyes, clear-cut features, and broad determined chin is that of a man who could have wielded the temporal power, and made Home safe. Protestant.-, however, if these photographs are good, need not tremble. There are no poets, and but two men of genius here tiaro Sforza and Bona- party and neither will come to the top. As the majority must be of two-thirds, the votes of defeated men and, as in an American caucus, always to the man with fewest enemies, and he would be either De Angelis, who from his vast ago would be amostrespcctable stop- gap, the Cardinals remembering his determined or cruel administration of Fonno with delight; or Monaco de Valletta, so popular that he has had every po5siblepromotioiintth<3 earliest possible time; or Capacity, a name little known abroad, but supposed to be a favorite with the Conclave itself, whose predilections, however, change much when they are set free by the death of an absolute master. Capacity is the only one of the series whose face in the photographs looks English, the kind of man whom one expects to meet in a dean's hat, and to hear that he slightly overawes his bishop. Of the Italians, however, remebrance, considered to have an excellent chance, has the face of a stern, determined monk, and is Grand Penitentiary &c.;, Grand Casuist of the Church ; probably the only man in the group who really knows anything of the confessions supposed to be so constantly revealed at Home, but which are, for the most part, A. B. enquiries as to how particular cases are to be treated. Cardinal Antonelli here shows as a successful Italian innkeeper, with polite face, fixed to get cash, but with brilliant eyes and he, with the quiet, gentlemanly Bor comes, with his refined schoolmaster face, has no chance at all. Any of the other Italians may have, but they are almost unknown out of Rome, and no one except Cardinal Morichini gives us any impression of being a successful dark horse. He looks like a slightly worn old general, is Archbishop of Bologna, and has the highest reputation in the Church, as has De Luca, the diplomatist, and the man who will be chosen if the cardinals believe, as they probably do not believe, that their chief requisite now is the worldly fact of which this face is full. A Yorkshireman would gather himself together to take in De Luca, and would fail. Of the remaining Italian cardinals few men out of Italy ever heard, so we will give their names Cardinals Asquini, Biirnabo, Barili, Bizzarri, Bernardi, Caterina, Consoliui, Carafn di Traetto, Di Pietro, Saceoni, Cosoni, Giudi, Antonucci, Ferrier, Miles Ferrett!, Pecci, Silvestri, Trovisanatb, Grasselliui. There will be a strong party contending for a foreign cardinal, that the next Pope may look a little more round the world ; but the choice of this party, unless it steps out of the red-stock- urged circle, is extremely limited. The best face among the six or seven foreigners is Cardinal Moreno, a stately Spaniard of the Ximenes type. Cardinal Hohenlohe, a prince, devoted, it is believed, to Berlin, and therefore out of favor, is in appearance an ordinary noble; Cardinal Matthieu, an overfed French dignitary, with administrative capacities and Cardinal Donner, a fine-looking old lady, with some deep sadness in her life ; Cardinal Schwartzenberg has a weak look, is Austrian to the backbone, and opposed the dogma, though he has recanted ; but there are two cardinals in the foreign list with splendid faces, even in the photographs. The church does not want a Julius, and. Rome would not bear Cardinal Cullen, but no one can look in his face and not see which is the. warrior, or shall we say, " the pet of the fancy," in Conclave. Cardinal Rauseher, too, the foreigner who has most of the Conclave's sympathy with him, has a very marked face, a face of separate and unmistakable power, with a good deal of temper and a good deal of pride, but full of brain, and suggesting to the observer who has not seen him that of Sir George Lewis, though less humorous. He would govern the Church, that man, but we doubt if all the machinery of Rome, enormous as it is, would keep him within the groove, or prevent him from manifesting a sovereign individuality, which would be extremely distasteful to the kind of Italian clericals who now monopolise power. He might dissolve the Jesuits, or declare that the kings being gone and the popu- lace unstable, earth must rely on aristocrats like himself, or do any other great imprudence. Still, in that great election, he is one of the imminent | possibilities. Riotous Farm Laborers The usual half yearly seeing markets held in Forfarshire have been characterised by unusual scenes of violence and disorder. At the village of Letham, on Monday, December 2, on the occasion of the usual half- yearly gathering, a body of servants, to the number of upwards of 500, made a systematic attack on many of the leading farmers of the district; When it became known that a certain farmer was in one of the tents, the pins were lifted, and the farmer dragged forth, and subjected to disgraceful treatment. The force of police on the ground was either powerless, or unwilling to protect the farmers, and the attacks went on during the greater part of the day, and until the servants seemed to have gone over the list of masters against whom they had an ill-will. One farmer took refuge in a shop, where he was protected by the police from the violence of the crowd. His clothes were, however, torn, and his eyes blacked. Another farmer, about seventy years of age, was knocked down and seriously injured. At Brechin [market, on the following day, a large force of policemen were in attendance. In the afternoon there was an appearance of a Biinihir outbreak to that at Letham being threatened, but the assailants were powerless to carry out their intentions owing to the strength of the police. The servants all appeared sober, but later in the day many of them were drunk, including a large number of women. It is not easy to get at the cause of the rioting, but it is said that owing to the high rate of wages which farm servants have lately been receiving, both masters and servants, as term time approached, got disagreeable in their behaviour towards each other, and that many of the servants became so impudent and disobedient that the masters deducted from their wages certain stains, knowing that if the servants went before the sheriff they would have no redress, as decisions would be given against them on the ground that they had illegally disobeyed orders. Knowing that this would be the case, the servants took the law in their own hands, and the result has been the series of disgraceful attacks in the market this week. Deer Fascinated by a Locomotive Head- light The Portland (Oregon) ISelin says : As the passenger train of the Oregon and California Railroad was running south below Corn stock's station, Douglas county, Tuesday night, the engineer saw just ahead some animals on the track. The customary whistles were sounded, but the animals judged not. Before the train 1 could be stopped the pilot (or cow-catcher) of the locomotive hit one of them and broke its leg, Then they were for the first time distinctly seen and they proved to be five deer. They stood stock still, facing the bright, blazing headlight, a little off the track, all except the one that was hit, which stood with one leg over the rail. When the train stopped the four that were unhurt bounded off at high speed, and the wounded buck limped away out of sight. Had any one on the train been armed with a pistol or gun the deer might have been easily killed. 