BALLARAT COURSING CLUB ASCOT ' (OPEN) MEETING. j President — Mr Samuel Wilson. Vice-president— Ihe Hou. Philip Russell, M.L.C. Treasurer — Dr Whifcombe. Fieldstewards — TheHomRobt Simson, M.L.C. ; Messrs G. G Morton, M. Loughliu, B. Hep burn, J. Brown, J. Kelt-all. Slip steward — Mr C. J. Burroughs. Flag steward — Mr W. Brazenor. Hon. secretary — Mr J. H. Sievwright. Hou. judge — Mr J. Johnston. Slipper — Mr R. G. Banner. The Ballarat Coursing Club held their All- aged Stakes (Open) Meeting at Ascot yerterday. When tlte fixture for the event was first made, in order to study tlie convenience .of Melbourne and Geeloug sportsmen, tbe An&kies; were selected as the most favorable site, and tbe ' use of Mr Brown's land there was obtained; but, principally oa account of the opposition offered by members of tlie Grant, and Polw»rth Club, the rendezvous was i changed to Ascot. It is gratifying to know that the ' success of the meet has not been endangered by tbe change, though possibly the number of entries was affected by the mistaken out ry tliat was raised at the time the Analdes were mentioned. Ilogever, the proceedings of yesterday were very enjoyable the weather being brilliantly floe, the at tendance ou the ground large, and, although the hares were at times scarce, and at other times too wily tor toe beaters, the mx courses that were run off offered some of the finest sport ever witnessed in the col-ny. ' Tbe first brace of dogs was placed in the slips shortly ifter nine o'clock, in Mr Dougall's paddock. This was traversed from mid -to end without a hare bring sighted, and the same observation applies to one or two of Scott's paddocks which were sub jected to the beating proces-. It was about half-past ten before a move-was made.into .fresh .couutry — Og2vyi3 large timber paddock.—- where three or tour hares were raised in succession, and the first course, between ! Nebuchadnezzar and Wrangler, was ran off. Several j oilier hares were started, but they were extremely wily, lying close until the beaters in some iu.stauces had actually passed over them, when they would double back, and making a track iu tlte rear of the slipper, would even face the crowd ou horse back in their attempts to make cover in the young timber .and scrub. These manoeuvres on tlie part -of puss gave proof, tliat she liad b en pre viously coursed, and on enquiry we found that a party of three or four individuals left Ballarat about five a.m. yesterday, and had been courring on tlie very ground referred for tbe match. Such unsportsmanlike con duct was strongly, and in very plain terms, con demned by the members of the dub, and some steps will be taken -either to punish . the.e marauders, or to shame tbrin from such conduct in the future. In the several courses that were run off, the hares proved to be so strong and 'nimble that Banner, tlie slipper, states they ran twice as far as those of Suubury; and there Being no kill yesterday, proves their agility. It cannot be said either tliat only inferior dogs were engaged in toe trials' as considerable fleetness of foot, sound wind, and training were shown by several of rue com petitors; To-day The Baron, who tan very close to the winner of the Waterloo Cup, will test, his prowess against tlie Ascot hare A. great deal ot time was lost iu consequence of what the sporting man called 4 bod lock," but which may mainly' be attributed to the poaching proclivities of the " early birds so that only six out of twenty-one courses were run off. Thebeaters — rather a sorry" lot — were under tbe command of Mr Ben. Hepburn. Mr Brazenor was flag steward, Mr Sievwright secretary, and Mr Burroughs and Mr J. : Brown field steward. Banner, the Melbourne slipper, acted very judiciously on one or two trying occasions, and gave general satofaction. Mr Johnston, the judge, was close up to the heuudq and - saw the whole of every course; and his verdicts, though, f course, unpalatable to the- lowers, were nevere called in question. He had to take two or three log Fences, -and do some rather hard riding, in severs! very long courses There _ was ; a large field of horsemen, and . one fair equestrienue (Miss Morton), who, by her nerve in taking timber, her tight hand, and graceful seat, proved herself a thorough horsewoman. But to refer to toe doings of the Say. Kott'e If A -Nebuchadnezzar was placed in the Hips iviBi Brszeoor's b d Wrangler. When tbe liaro iras sighted Nebuchadnezzar gatbestaw.3 from the slips, and had-jost "trenched the bate, nrhen Wrangler got in, gira teo wrenches, and turned. Nebuchadsezzur again got fa, lint. only, on sufferance, as Wrangler .-raced part Mm, and wan leudi when the dogs were fort fatlie- ""ew of tbe field; >mi the faare shortly alter fonnd oorer. . First Wood for Wrangler. Young's f andir d TeariandNngg's b d Haddington were the next palr placed. in the bands of Banner. After eorae lime a bare tos started; -bat Haddtngtem got onrtghted' from tbe rtips. The fawn ran n qmrtt course alone,- end brought tbe hare back to the black, who went in and scored 5 points. The fawn then got n go-by, and led up Tor some distance, tatiug the fence into the road in' capital style, and worked the hare, securing 7 points. Tlie Hack then got fa again and scored 3 points; after which Dear! went away with a strong lead through stiff, stumpy grass, and scored 4i points more. The bare then made, for a log fence, where she tried to find cover, the fawn leaping tbe fence three times fa crossing and recrossiag to keep pass in tbe open. The bare at last, however, found a place of refuge, and Pearl .won a splendid course by 6) points. Haddington (ttie black dec) was the swifter of tbe two, but be cut his foot on aglass bottle the previous night; and tbongb be ran gamely enoogh, the stiff grass seemed to cripple him, and his chance. was gone. Pearl took her .fences in beautiful stele, and tbe course, which wbb a long one, was" in fell view of tlie spectators. Grate's f d Goshawk then met i'urronghs' r d Bis- mnrck. A vary strong hare was started, and Goshawk wasfirst away ftomthe slips; bntHismapck, favored by the hare, got the first turn. Goshawk then Trent lap and reached the hare, winch still fa ncied Bismarck, who secured second turn, and. wrenched three times. " Goshawk then wrencbei ama.JJismarck agate got ifa and made sevmd wrenchesfa tne swampy ground _zt the foot of the hm. Goshawk raoed np. again past tbe Itape, and several eichanees took place. Afong straight run ensued, tendlHsmarck haafS best rfit ; but Goshawk again took the led;-ntirout Eeing to -get-near toe . uiifcli outpaced boto in a very long: course, ending in tlie dogs getting' blinked, and Bismarck winning l>v 4 points, baring scored 10 to Goshawk's 6. A halt was then made for luncheon, Mr Morton and Mr Hepburn kindly inviting the visitors to partake of toe Contents or their well-furnished hampers, and ihe ol fresco meal Icing discussed with a relish not common to townspeople, the fresh air and exercise giving keen appetites to all iu the field. After luuch Gore's bo b Blue Light and Hepburn's w b Snowey were coupled, aud after Dougall's timber paddock had been traversed some time a bare rose, and the dogs were sent in pursuit, a splendid course following. Bluey got the best of the start, and the first turn, and went in and wrenched twice. Snowey then took a turn, after which Blue Light got in, wrenched and turned; the white then wrenched twice, aud gave a go-by to Bluey, who went up and turned. Snowey .got in again, turned ; and the red being dose up, several exchanges took place, in which Bluey wrenched five times, and theu turned. Snowey got another show, wrenched twice, and more give-and-take work was done, when a pair of dogs (coupled), which liad got loose from their owner— Mr Young — followed the hare until she was lost iu a log. In en excellent course, Blue Light scored 244 points to 19 mide by Snowey. Nolan's 1> aud w b Matchless and Fawcett's f d Forester were the next i«ir. After they bad been in the slips some time, a hare was started within a few feet of tbe dogs; but Banner acted very judiciously, aud gave puss a fair start before he slipped the hounds. Matchless went away with a strong lead up the hill, turned and wrenched, and showed considerable speed and i>omc skill, without giving Forester the ghost of a 6how. The bare made for the creek, into which. Matchless plunged and got unsighted; the fuvm dog never had a chance with his opponent, and did not score a point. Considerable interest was felt iu the next pair— Hol- gate's bd and w d Wallace, and Hepburn's bb Swift, it was said that tliewj dos would show the beat course of the day, aud tbe partisans of each were Lud in praises of their favorites Wallace was greatly fancied, because be ran so well with Sea "Whisper at Trawalla; while many pinned tltcir faith to the Swift, to whom for ©nee fell tho race. When fur was sighted, .Swift did all the work at the beginning, gaining two go-bys from Wallace, who then got in, worked bis hare, and then Swift raced past him, and got blinked in the creek. Wallace went on with a strong lead, but never could get on tarms .wiin his hare, winch eventually ran away from him. fc'wift scored 9 points to Wallace's 4. Hepbunfe 'Hurrah and Hood's Noble were next coupled, but did not get a codrse. as only one hare Was raised, and the dogs never sighted. It being now nearly fire o'cl ock, a track through a new paddock was beaten back to the hotel, but thire was no more sport for the day. . The dogs were from the elips, tbe judge announcing that thevjrould be placcdJn the £2jn&4£fAin at. nine o'clock 43? -morning in >i6m?ys paddock, on tlie -left hand ridet>f the botch - The All-Aged Stakes (Open Meeting).— Winner, half; runner-up, one-fourth ; third -dog, one-eighth fourth and fifth dogs, one-sixteenth of cntrv-raoney. less expenses. Brazenors Wrangler beat Nott's Nebuchadnezzar Young us Pearl beat Rugg's Haddington Burroughs ns Bismarck beat Gore's Goshawk Gore's Blueligbt beat Hepburn's Snowey Nolan's Matchless beat Fawcett's Forester Hepburn's Sirift beat Holgate's Wallace. 