THE THEATRE ROYAL. Me. Faibclough, as Macbeth. . There was a very good attendance at the Theatre on Saturday night . Mr. Fairclough appeared as the regicide Thane, and, as in almost everv rCle he has presented, save a vorv able'ami in many respects original reading to tne cna racter. The combat between ambition and con science, in which for the nOnce the . good triumphs, was depicted in a masterly manner, and the distinction between the man's moral cowardice and physical bravery clearly marked. Macbeth is no vulgar murderer; bis mind is* too perspicuous to permit 'him to overlook the inevitable consequence of his deeds, which he clearly foresees. Hence the severe mental struggle which takes place in him ero' ha steps first into the sea of blood, where afterwards being 'stspped in so far returning were o« tedious as go o'er,' he finds himself enmesued in the very network of evils which he had foreseen would return to 'plague the in ventor,' till he cries in the anguish of a remor3e toriured spirit — ' I 'gin to bo a weary of the sun, '? And. wish th'estate o' tho world were now undone.' Mr. Fairclough conveyed well the idea of Mac* beth's intense weariness of life in the latter words. In the banquet scene, the overwhelming horror of the haunted assassin— a horror which in Mr. Fair dough's rendering leaves himnarve lesa, powerless, and diswraught, the quivering lip and tremblisg dazed accents with which the sentiment 'Come, love and health to all, 'was delivered, was exceedingly impressive. The word?, 'She should have died hereafter,' re ferring to the death of the Queen, had a tone of deep despairing dejection which was very appropriate. The invincible energy of the tjrant when the wholly animal instincts of his nature are allowed free rein was depicted with great dramatic power and effect, and the culminating contest with Mao duff exhibited a terrible and concentrated fury. Macbeth is a character which Mr. Fairclojgh has evidently most carefully studied and cor rectly conceived; he displays no undue passion nor straining for effect, yet when necessary there is no lack of force nor impressivehess. MissBowricg appeared in her celebrated imper sonation of Lady Macbeth. The terrible un .sorupulous . woman, who loving her husband strongly, but as a tigress might her mate^ yet warps his better nature and sacrifices his soul on the altar of her unreasoning cupidity and vaunting ambition. In a former criticism we have said all that could be Baid of her Lady Macbeth in the way of praiso. We esteem it only second to her Emilia, if indeed it be second to any. The other characters in the drama were more successful than on its former presentation. Mr. Holloway's Macduff was considerably subdued, and consequently more effeotive. Mr. West succeeded very fairly with the part of Banquo, and a tiny lady, fAiss Francis, acted with great self-possession and effect as Haace. Malcolm was naturally por trayed by Miss Ansted, and Mr. Walsh infused a quiet dignity into the part of King Dunsan. Locke's celebrated music was well rendered, much better both in tolo and chorus than in the first performance given some weeks ago. Mrs. Proctor especially sang very correctly ;and sweetly, though her voice is not of great power nor iulness. The best portions of the music were decidedly the first chorus, the invocation, and the echo, in which^ Mis3 Pollv Leake'sclear round voice woo heard withgreat ad vantage. We noticed one or two alterationsin the manner of performing ' Macbetii,' one of whioh will be thought a decided improvement by, any person with reasonable imaginative powers. ' We have always held with Lamb that it tends more to the grotesque than the terrible, the introduc tion of supernatural parsonages into aotod drama;. Is there not souetuing jarring to the sense of fitness and probability in seeing a ghost Etalk among a number of people corporally present to the vision of all yet supposed ^o be seen but by one I Mr. Fairclough, with truly artistic idea of sathetx congruity, cuts oui the actual ghost from the banquet scene and. addre«8e3 the empty chair, where to Mao-' beth's eyes alone the phantom sits. But to preserve consistency we think the eight spectre kings should appear, as they might fairly be expected to do, aftar the witches' mamiiary over the flaming cauldron, and the several ap paritions which do arise therefrom in answer to thespelL ' ' Macbeth' will constitute the bill ol fare for this evening, when we hope to see a good house. To those who can appreciate an entertainment which combines wholesome instruction with in nocent amusement no better place of amuse ment offers than a well-conducted theatre where hkli-class drama is presented in a worthy manner. - : 