ANGEll AND KNUMKBETfON. A Donlmry man named Kcubonn recently snw a statement that counting one hundred when tempted to epeaU nn angry word would save a man a grout dual of trouble. This (statement Hounded a liltlo singular at first, but tho more ho read it over tbo tuoro favoiubly ho became impressed with it, and finally concludcd to adopt it. Next door to lleubcns lives a man who lias mado live distiuct attempts in tbo past fortnight to scuuro a dinner of green peas by tho first of July, and every tune has beon retarded by Roubens's hens. The next morning: after Reubens mado his resolution this man found his fifth attempt to have tniscarriod. Then ho callcd on Reubens. He said " Wiiat iu thunder do you mean by letting your hens tear up my garden?" Reubens was prompted to call him o mud* snout, a new name just coming into general use; but he romembered his resolution, put down his rage, and meekly observed "One, two, threo, four, five, six, seven, eight " Then tho mad neighbor who had been eyeing this answer with a great deal of suspicion, broke in again "Why don't you answer my question you rascal?" But still ReubenB maintained bis equanimity, and went on with the test. (" Nino, ten, elevon, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fiifteen, sixteen " The mad neighbor stared harder than ever " Sovontcen, eighteen, niuoteen, twtinty, twenty-one " " You're a mean skunk," said tho mad uoigh bor, backing toward tho fence. lieubens's face flushed at this charge, but ho only fcaid " 7 wcnty-fcwo, twenty-throo, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six " At thiB figure the neighbor got up on tho fence in some haste, but suddenly thinUng of bis peas, he opened his mouth ''You meant low-lived rasoal; for two cents I could knock your cracked head over a barn, and 1 would-*' "Twenty-seven, twenty-oight," interrupted Rubens, 4'twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty«two, tbifty-three " Hero tho neighbor broke for the house. And enteriug it, violently slammed the door behind him; but Reubens did not dare let upon tho enumeration, and so be stood out there alono in his own yard, and kept on counting, while hiB burning cheeks and flashing eves eloquently affirmed hia judgment. When he got up into tho eighties his wife came to tho door in some alarm. "Why, Eeubons, man, what is the .matter with you ?" she said. " Do come into the houso." But be didn't let up. Sho came out to him, and clung tremblingly to him, hut ho only looked into her eyes, and said .' Ninety-throe, ninety-four, ninety-five, ninoty-Bix, nincty-pcvcn, ninety- eight, ninety nine, ono hundred-go into tbo house, old woman, or I'll burst ye.*' I And she went. DROWNING OP Db. Ubunfante.--The Gul-1 gong Evening Argm gives tho following dotailu of this accident: " It is oar painful duty to re- . cord tbo death of Dr. Simon Bolinfanie, who was j drowned this morning when attempting to cross the Gudgegong River, on liis way from Mudgco to Gulgong. Tlio doctor and liis wife blaitcd | this morning in a baggy, and near the river | were overtukon by Mr. Crossing (of the firm of i Grossing and Cox, Mudgoo), who Baid that, being I better acquainted with the river he would cro&e; first, telling Dr. Bellinfanto not to attempt to ; come until ne had got over. When fart of tho I way over, Mr. ^ Crossing, fully comprehending1 tho danger, advised tlio doctor not to attempt to croBB. When Mr. Crossing got on the oppoiti' side ho looked back, and to liis surpriso saw that tho doctor had entered tho water and was too low down. Mr. Crossing then urged the doctor to koep up the river, and avoid tho deep wator bolow the rubble that forms a bar across the river. He did not appear to understand tho in structions, and in a moment after the buggy upsot, and Dr. and Mrs. Bcliufante were thrown into the river, lie swam for n ehort time, but tho current was too strong, and ho sank. Mr. Crossing, with great prcsenco of mind, succccded in rescuing Mrs. Bolinfanto, who was nearly senseless. She was conveyed to Adams' Hotel, and every care taken of her. We understand that the body of tho unfortunate man has not boon recovered. Dr. Bellinfanto was about forty years of ago, and a native of Holland, lie was a gold medallist of London University for pro* ficiency in anatomy. Ho came to tbU colon) as surgeon of the snip Denjaporo, bringing G.»0 passengers, in 1862, from London to Itock hampton imd Brisbane; and Mr. C. Bird, chcmist, Horbort-streot, was his assistant. Dr. Bellinfanto first commenoed practice at Port' Mackay, aud afterwards came to Sydney, where j he pursued the practice of his profession, and at the Bame time a course of legal Btudios, which resulted in his being admitted as a barriater-at at law, upon which occasion he Was compli mented by Chief Justice Slophen for his pro ficiency. Since then he has practised both pro fessions at various localities. Ho was for a time surgeon of the hospital at Forbes. Since then ho has practised at Newoastle, Sydney, Gulgong and Mudgee." Horrible MURDER IN ROMA.-We have just received reliable details of a most fearful tra gedy lately enacted in Roma. It appears that on the night of the 6th inst. a number of Chinamen were assembled at a boarding house kept by a man named Mon Sing, and, as it is believed were engaged in gambling. A dispute arose which resulted in a scuffle. One of the combatants named Ah Ki left the room, but im mediately returned with a knife in each hand, and commenced stabbing his countrymen right and left. During the melee a Chinaman named Ah Sook, who had taken no part in the disturb ance, in endeavoring to escape from the room, passed within reach of Ah Ki and was imme diately stabbed by the miscreant with such force as to drive the knife completely through the lungs, and in a short space of time the unfortunate man breathed his last. Prior to this, however, a Chinaman named Ah Fat, had also been wounded so dangerously as to leave little hopes of his recovery, and two others named respectively Ah Cheek, and -- received stabs of a very severe description. The murderer succeeded in escaping, the re mainder of those present being too frightened and horror- stricken, to be capable of intercepting him ; and owing to the darkness of the night and the torrents of rain which fell during the next day, all efforts to track him were unavail ing; and despite the strenuous exertions of the police to effect his apprehension, no intelligence of his capture has at present been received. Our in formant, who was in the room shortly after the occurence of the horrible outrage, describes it as presenting the appearance of a butcher's slaughter- house, the floor and furniture being literally covered with clotted gore.-Dalby Herald. JOSH BILLINGS ON GHOSTS.-A ghost is about 5 foot 7 inches in height, and weighs from 4 to 6 ounces. They are ov the maskuline and feminine natur, but principally nutur. They ain't afraid ov nothing, and will hang around a graveyard as kareless as a skoolboy will around a norchard in green-apple time. They are like a grate menny other things in this word-often heard ov, but seldum seen. I will give 1500 dollars to see a ghost, and 250 dollars more to own one ; but I want one kaught whole, and not hurt. Mi friend Phineas T. Barnum will take a whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Therefore, bring your ghosts. Ghosts allwas dress in a white nitegown sort of a rig, and are the quickest thinks that hav ever been trotted out yet. Their ordinary gait iz a mile in a seckund, but it iz sod for a purse they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in publik for munny--private time is allwus suspisius. Whi don't some of our agricul tural hoss-trot assosiashuns offer a ghost puss, free for all ghosts. It would draw like a mus tard plaster in the month of August. So it would. A WAV out West undertook to J>lny with a lion ut a menagerie the other day. Ho says he : finds it mighty hard to write with bis left hand, but that lie misses his eye more than anything else. His nose was always a trouble to him. \ViLi> Pjo.--Tho Otu hh and Murray Arfwtiw relates tho following i-?'' Aboul seven years ugo °.P'S Vu^ °^'1C !>'otfnry fit Tatoug fttatiou, eight or nine uiiles from Benalla, aud it appears took up its residence in what is called tlio Taloug »Sw«mp, acid there reigned unmolested since it j took its exit from tho station. Tho recent heavy ' rains caused this proeine animal to take refuge in higher grounds. A few days ago, as Mr. Hugh I M'Dougall, the overseer, and a stockman wore | riding close to what is kuown aB tho Cattle Stvauip, thev perccivcd a uioustrous animal at a | distanco, aud having'approachod sufficiently near discerned that it was a pig. On coming close tho savage hroto made a rush at coo ot tho ?, horsemen, who narrowly escaped being torn to 1 pieces. Mr. Dougall, at all risks, was resolved to I ca/>turo the anirottl. Or A second charge tho I pig bccamo furious, and rushed at tho stock man's iiorso, and ripped it all along the thigh. After about an hour a»d throo-quartors bard j flghtiug between men and dogs they succeoded in getting tbo pig into soft ground, and thore it lay quito cxhauatedi Mr. M'Dougall succeeded i in gettiug a rope around its nock, and tlio stock* | man, with a tomahawk, after somo difficulty, i killed it. It was 7ft. long, Oft. 8in. high, and | woighed 2c wt. 3qrs. Its tusks measured 11£ in. i in length." THE "hiTWS WAR" IS AukansaS.-A des patch from little Rock, dated the 6th of May, gives nn account of an engagement on tho Arkan i 60s River:-"Colonel Brooker's command, which went up ou a train on tho north aide of tho river, got o(T at Palann, 18 miles from hern, I marched down to the bank of tho Arkansas river, and formed in lino of battlo on the side of the hill screened by bush. About nine o'clock i the steamer Hattie bore in sight, when Captain Groves went down to tho bank and called out ; several times to stop the boat, but Bko steamed i on faster and blew a distress whistle. Captain Sam Houston, in commuud of tho boat, asked what was wanted, aud was informed by Cap j tain Groves that ho must turn the hoat around ; and return to Little Rook. A 'man on tbo boat I applied offensive epithets to Captain Groves, and I a shot was flrcd at him, but he got behind a 1 tree. Another Raster man then rushed out from tho cabin of tho boat behind barricades. The Brooks men returned the fir©, and a fusilado | 1 was kept up for half an hour. The boat had been carried by tho current over toward Brook's i men, but during the fight got into another cur I rent and drifted to tho opposite bank, the firing, all the while being very brisk. A hole was I shot through the sto&m; pij>e, and the boat, | drifting wfth the current, reachod the shore. | The Baxter mou, about 30 in tiumbor, rushed up ! the banks and fled into tho woods in all dircc | tions. A white flag was then hoisted by the mate of tho boat, and the firing ceased. Ho j asked Colonel Brooker to send aid to the woun- j j dod, and skiffs, containing o»ght men each, were ' sent on board. The hole in the *team pipe was plugged, and 25 men, under an ollicer, were put ou board the boat to take her back to 44 Little Koch." It is stated that three men were killed on the Baxter side, and one on the llrooks sido. Two of the Supreme Court Judges were kid napped on the 2nd of May by the Baxter party to prevent a quorum being in Court to hear en obnoxious suit; but the Judges oscaped on the fith and got back, owing to the connivance of an officer of tho capturing party, who believed that assassination wan intended und determined not to bo implicated in it. AGKIJMAX ON Tkmpf.iiance. -This laconic but sensible Gorman ought to be sent out to lectnre among the people on temperance :-" I sail tell you how it vas. ^ I dranl. mine lager ; den I put mine baud on mine bead and dere vosh vono pain. Den I put mine hand on mine body, and dere vosh anodor pain. Den I put my hand iu my Sockot, and aoro VOBTi noting. fSo I jine mid do j cTDpumncc. Now dero is no pain more in mino i head, and do pain in mino body voft all gone avay. 1 pit* mine hand in mine pocket, and dero van twenty tollars. fSo I stay mid dc dem pcrancc.''-American paprr. AUKTIIAUAN HULK TKAMS FOR ENGLAND. Tho council ol tho Victorian Kiflo Association (says the Ar proposal of the Now South Wales Itiflo Associa tion to send a team of riflomcn to England, in order to compete at the Wimbledon mooting of tho National Rifle Association in July, 1876. After somo discussion it was decided that a telogram should be at once sent to England, ask ing what inducements would be oflcrod to an Australian team visiting England, and what matches would be open to thom at tho mooting. AB tho Wimbledon competition is now proceed ing, it is anticipated that tho council of the N. R. A. would hold a mooting on receipt of the tolcgram, and send a full roply by the maii steamer leaving England on tlio 10th instant. If this information is received by the steamer arriving here in September, tho members of tho Victorian lliflo team who visit Syduey to com pote in tho intercolonial matches will bo able to talk matters ovor fully with the council of tho New South Walos Rifle Association, and some decision on tho subject may bo arrivod at. It is ! anticipated that the cost of sending a team of twenty men homo will be about £5000. It is proposed that thoy should go by way of Cali fornia, aud on thcirraturo journey try conclusions with the American and perhaps tho Canadian ritloman. A private letter has been rcccived from ono of the New Zealand crack shots, ask ing to have that colony included in the toam. conditionally upon tho competitors sent from tbonco boanng ihoir share of tho expense. As there aro many good shots in Now Zealand, it is more than probable tlmt thin request will bo acceded to, if it bo definitely decided that a team ehiill bo sent home. Oxi! of tho most stupendous enterprises ovor attempted bv audacious mnn, write* the Chicago tnUr Ocean, is tho construction of tho Peruvian Railway, which will connect tho Pueific Ocean with the valley of tho Amazon. This nine teenth century is full of marvels in the way of what is called engineering ecienco-fuller, per liapB, of monumental works of that description than all tho centuries which have gone before it since tho fall o! tbo Roman Empire. But neither tho Suez Canal, which cuts tho narrow strip of sand that has obstructed tho ootnmcrce of tho world for egos, nor tho Mont CjniB Tunnel through tho Alps, has presented such appalling obstacles as thoso which con* fronted the builders of a railway at an olevation of 17,000 foot ahovo tho level of the sea. There iB Molly no parallel to this triumph of scioutific ! faith, and it is matter for a legitimate patriotic I pride that the men who havo conceived and aro now cavryiiift out tbo xvoilc should be our countryuicu. To form some faint idea of tho mcclmtiicaL and uatural difficulties which tlio construction of this tranBaudino railway pre sents, it may suffice to say that SO bridges and viadut's, 300ft. in longth, and 35 tunnels, 15,000ft. in length, were rcquirod in a singlo locality. To grade the road, as far as com jri'itcd. 140,000,000 cusit fuct of rock nnd earth I had to be lemovod. The work, which was be gun in 1870, has cost already about 33,000,0000 dollura, and will prokibly out that much muro when finished in 1876. One of its wonders ia llio groat viaduct, the highest in tho world, i which ia f>S0ft. long, a»id 800ft. high in the cen tre. Tho hci^hta of ths three iron pillars I I which support it arc respectively IGGf't., 183ft., I ' nnd 253ft. From 8000 1o 12,000 laborm*, I mostly Chilians nnd coolies, are working on tho I road night and day. j Oxvcr.K is JJFK.-Da. Rjtioirr's PnoHpno DYNE.-Multitudes of people ore hopelessly sutlcring from Debility, Nervous and Jjivcr Complaints, Depression, of Kpiritu, Delusions, Uulitncss for HUHIIIO.HH or Study. i-ailum of hear '"tli Sight, .and Memory, Lassitude, Want of j Power, ire-, whose canes admit euro by the new {remedy Phosphndyne (Ozonic Oxygon). which at once allays all irritation and exeitcniont, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incnrublennd distressing maladies. Sold by all Chemists and Store keepers throughout tho Colonies. CAUTION, He particular to ask for Dr. Itright'e Phospho dyne aR imitations are abroad, and avoid pur . chafing single bottles the genuine articlo being sold in casos only.-[AI»VT.J 1 " P>I:IIKELKY, Sept. 1800.-Gentlemen, I feel it a duty 1 owe to yon to express my gratitude for the greut beuelit I have derived by taking . Nor ton's Camomile Pills.' 1 applied to your ngent, Mr. Hell. Berkeley, for the above named J'ills, for wind iu the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, buL with out deriving any benefit nt nil. After taking two bottles of your valnnblo Pills, I was quite restored to my usual *tato of health, l'leasc ' givfl this publicity for the bcue/it of those who may thus bo atilictod. - T am, Sir, yours truly . HKNKY A-LLPASS.-To tho Prop'ietors of Non» TON'S CAMOMILE PiLts." 