IN THE BARBER'S SHOP Br FIGARO. "Ihave gathered a nosegay of flowers, and there is nothing of mny own but the string that ties them."-MosxAeoNE. TN these days of pretty general jere \- miahing over what it is the fashion to call the "decline of the drama," it is re freshing to come across even a solitary instance showing the contrary. For not withstanding all that has been spoken and written against dramatic representations, there can be' no doubt they still retain a strong hold on public sympathy. I am inclined to think it would be a pity were it otherwise . That they have been-that they are-abused and prostituted is no legitimate argument, I take it, why they should be abolished. I believe that when any really worthy drama is presented to the public, it will not lack generous sup port; and it therefore gives me much pleasure to be able now to adduce an un deniable proof of what I have just stated. Now don't jump at a conclusion, 0 most gentle reader, and fancy I am going to bore you with my views on the William sons' acting. I have not seen those clever artists, although I have heard and read a good deal concerning them. I have some thing quite different in my "mind's eye" as a proof that there is much vitality still left in the genuine drama. The'represen tation I have in view is the ancient one of " Punch and Judy." Were you present at the Prahran Town-hall last Saturday afternoon, when this "thrilling drama" was enacted? If not, you missed a treat. If you were, then you must be thoroughly irreclaimable and you came away still im pressed with the belief that there is no power to excite an audience remaining in that ever-popular presentation. Oh ! how the youngsters screamed at the well-worn pranks of dear old Punch, and how loudly they expressed their satisfaction when righteous retribution overtook him for his many misdeeds. No, no; so long as Punch and Judy can draw an audience of fifteen hundred men, women, and children -mostly children -to the Prahrau Town hall, it's sheer nonsense to talk about the decline of the drama ! I have a word of advice to give to ladies -young or old-who are about to " com mit matrimony." Before you "tie the knot with your tongue yop cannot untie with your teeth" pause and reflect. And above all make perfectly sure that your grammatical knowledge is not in excess of that of your intended spouse. Possibly you may, in your innocence, imagine that such superiority of learning would be an extra recommendation. But that only shows how little you know of the ways of "the lords of creation." I admit that some men might look at it through your rose-tinted spectacles, but then there are others who would not. And therefore it behoves you, if you desire marital peace and quiet, first to satisfy yourselves by inquiry as to which class your "intended" belongs. For one of your dear "sect," who made her troubles known last week through the Divorce Court, stated that the first quarrel between her and the husband from whom she sought to be set free, arose from the fiact that slhe was a better gram marian than he' was! So take warning in time, my fair friends. Put "dearest Charles" at once through his grammatical facings, and if he is not your equal in Lindley 3Murray-I'm old-fashioned, and prefer Murray to Meorell, looking upon the latter as a good deal of a humbug- give him " the swop," as the drapers say, at once. It would never do to run the risk of wrecking your life's happiness on such a miserable consideration. At the time when it became known here that those two desperate criminals-Sulli van the N. Z. murderer, and Gardiner the N.S.W. bushranger (? and muurderer too) -had been liberated on condition that they would take themselves off from the scenes of their outrages, and that their probable destination would be England. I ventured to afflii that our friends at home would not feel particularly obliged to the authorities for exercising such an unnecessary act of clemency. That I was not far out in what I said this extact from the Pall Mall Gazette fully shows : Weo learn that the interesting person known as "Sullivan, the New Zealand murderer," had sailed for Engluall, whose hospitable shores will no doubt welcomeo him, and whose admirable detective police will receive hin, it is to be hoped, with a cordiality tempered by intelligent reserve. But as the ' great Australian bushranger," by name Gardiner, Ins just now been let loose, and has also declared his intention (enlightened, no doubt, by a diligent orucsal of our nowpapeors) also to honour us with his presence, it may interest our readers, or at lcast those who have to traverse lonely streets in lihe dark nights of the ensuing winter, to learn the nature of the represoentation on which he is not only released but allowed to leave for :England. I have a wholesome dread of interfering in ecclesiastical disputes; but .occasions do. occur when it becomes incumbent on one to touch pitch, even at tlio risk of some amount of delilemont. Such neces sity impels me now to submit to your notice this paragraph, which conies on tihe authority of what I have every reason to believe is a respectablo Enghssh journal. Says the Rock: - At n recent eeoting of tleo Yorkshirb Chuerlc Associetion Archdencon Prest mentionoed as an illustrtion of the duplicity and dishonesty of the confessional a ceas whiclh ad been communicated to lim, the facts of which lhe was permitted to give. A laldy had reason to believo that heor daughter had been induco, whilst away from homo, to confess, and she therefore appealed to the clerynnman of the parish; the curato was charged to disconuulenuce tihe pramtice, os sloe had tih g bootest ahlorrence of it. Thio clorgynman, whilst asserting his feeling tlht confession was of the utmost valno and iimportanoe, declared that in no way di'.l Ie oecolrao thoe yoaug lady. Slo had, lhe said, appealod to ilim a short tune before hler return home to receive her in confession, but hoe lind persistently.refused to do so until slhe had ler mother's consent. A fewodays after, however, the nlotler discovered a letter written by tins parti celar gentleman containineg the following:-" I was very glad to Ihear from you, and particularly oi the subject yon mention. I slhallbo quite willing, in viretue of my. oflice, to receive you as you ,ideire. Mrs. ---" (that es a late lousekeoper who thead been guilty of telling tales) " lias left, and woe hIave tile liousa 3 now to ourselves, and bur servats are trustworthly. Parishlioner also are cosrnotly com int oil busincss of one h;ind or auother, so that your visits need not be noticed." 'Tlecn cnmo whalt hle (tile speaker) thought the climnax-" Please not to hit anything to my wife on the subject. I think parochial atfiirs,'of what ever kind, ought to be confined to the priest only." The mother, who authorised him to make public this -letter, added-" I wish any words of mine could caution parents against the untruth and duplicity which this fearful confessional leads to. If my exporionco could be published it would startle many out of their apathy." Accepting the truthfulness of the above, is there not something in it very alarming ? The duplicity evinced in the whole affair is bad enough, but where shall I-find lan guage sufficiently strong with which to express my utter abhorrence of the dia bolical "hint" given as to concealment from the writer's wife P I was always a strong opponent of the " confessional," but after this my opposition will be increased ten-thousandfold. "If such things are done in the green tree, what will--be done in the dry." I believe it is the intention of the Mayor of Melbourne to signalise the close of his year of office by a grand fancy dress ball. In case some of my fair readers-and it is one of my constant pleasures to believe that I have such-may be puzzled as to what character they shall appear in, I furnish them with the following hints, gathered from an American source:-. "The bank" was represoented by a lady in a black gauze dress, covered with imitations of twenty-dollar pieces. Had they been genuine she would not have got out of the house with a rag on lher back. "Night" was similarly represented, " lacking the 'soap.' " A lady who appeared as "a ghastly, gaping, ghostly ghost" caused our deputy to recollect about one per cent. of his-sins. The "betle" is described in the"following glowing language :-" The most gorgeous, stunning, high toned, richest, firtest- classcst, nicest, or any other adjective costume in the outfit was that worn by Bliss Frankie Clark. She was the stunningest, gayest, and gallusest dressed gal in the room. Sihe appeared as a page, and both costumne and action were as perfect as a big sunfiower." Such bitingly cold, wet, and windy weather as we were treated to on Sunday and Monday last would be quite sufficient to disillusioniso anyone who came to this colony under the impression that dear old M-rs Chisholm correctly described the great mildness of its climate when she said that you could sleep comfortably in a blanket under a gums-tree all the year round ! It strikes me that if anyone had been foolish enough to try such an experi ment on either of the two nights just referred to, he would have run a strong risk of making a much longer sleep than he intended. SBy all means let the system of punishing disorderly members in the French Na tional Assembly be tried in our Legislative Assembly. I am sure we need something of the kind, and it seems to me likely it would prove effective. The method is thus described by a correspondent of the Times :- When it is found necessary for the President to call a speaker to order and to " name" him, which implies a record of the fact on the proceedings of the House, the offender is fined one-half of his pay as deputy for 15 days. As the pay is £1 per diem, it amounts to £710s. The Times correspondent adds:-" If a deputy called to order is visited with coensure some higher penalty is inflicted. He may be suspended from voting, and, for very grave mis conduct, a vote of the Chamber might expel him; but this extreme punishment-which, in the ease of some deputies, would entirely deprive them of their means of livolihood-ono could hardly sup pose would be resorted to except for most heinous offences. I have my eye on several of our disorderly M.L.A.'s whom I verily believe such a punishment would effectually hold in check. And what a blessing that would be! I trust I shall not be thought unfriendly to the working classes by doing so, but I must put on record my p'otest against the Government paying the wages due to the workmen on the Evans and Christopherson contract.- These workmen have no moiet's right to be recouped their loss by the State than you or I would have if our employers failed, leaving us their creditors. Pity for the men I can and do feel, for I once suffered similarly but more severely. Yet I had to bear my loss as best I could, though it was one that took me a long time to recover its ill effects. The precedent the Government have set is a bad one, and sure to be brought up at some future day. They should have taken a firm step at first, and refused to make you and-I for that is what it really amounts to-pay this sum. I think it might -not, perhaps, be difficult to show that some hon. mem bers who talked loudest in support of what they called the claims of these workmen, do not themselves as employers oflabour show a corresponding liberality towards their own workmen. That fair friend who induced me last week to write a few words respecting the bazaar now being held in the Prahran Town-hall did not tell me that it was to be conducted without either art-unions or raffles. Had she done so, I should have written still more warmly than I did. I think the fact is worthy of being promi-' uently referred to. I never could quite understand how religious people managed to square such doings with their con sciences-unless they are believers in the doctrine that " the end justifies the means." I know the Wesloyans do not believe this, and I am gratified that in this bazaar they are giving practical evidence thereof. The lion. J. G. Francis mande his re. appearance in tihe Legislative Assembly on Tluesday. The hon member was greeted with a round of cheers, and the principal memnbeis of the House left their seats to per sonally congratulate him on his return to public life. Mr Francis is looking almost himself again. The trial of George Butchart on the cbarge of forging and uttering a cheque in the name of James Tyson, for £100, on 'the Bank of Victoria, was concluded in the Supreme Court on Tuesday. The jury, who had been locked up the previous night, were brought into court at, 10 o'clock. T'Ihey found the prisoner not guilty on the gronnd of insanity. Mr Ireland, for the prisoner, asked the judge to order the prisoner's release; but his honour said lie had no power to do so, and ordered the prisoner to be detained in the Melbourne Goal luring the pleasure of the Governor. An attempt Was made to induce the judge to send him -to thli Cremorne Lunatic Asylum;: or to the Yarra Bend, 'but his Honour sai'dhe had io power td make buch an order;. . 7:i '":i: ?' "' '.·· -'. ':" .+ " 