APPARATUS FOR ASSISTING SHIP- WRECKED PERSONS. .?-?.?- The Paris correspondent of the Sydney Herald writes as follows :— A gentleman has just invented a new apparatus for assisting shipwrecked persons in maintaining themselves above water. The new apparatus, the public trial of which was to have taken place a week ago, but was postponed on account of the bad weather, took place a few days ago, and proved to be entirely successful. Two river steamboats were provided by the smiling, enthu- siastic, white-headed philanthropist, and conveyed a numerous company of friends, people connected with the Press, the clubs, the army and navy, and a sprinkling of members of the Legislative Assembly, to the Billancourt Basin, just beyond Asinères. The new apparatus consists of a cos- tume called by its inventor " The Natator." It goes from the neck to the knees, fitting close to the body, but susceptible of being worn over other clothing, if time be wanting for divesting oneself of one's ordinary apparel. From the armpits to the hips the thing is double, forming the case of an indiarubber tube that winds round and round the body. The upper end of this tube has a brass stop-cock, through which the wearer blows in air with his lips, the process requiring only a few seconds, and. the volume of air thus introduced amply sufficing to prevent the heaviest people irom sinking. If it be desired to dive, the wearer lets out the air by merely opening the stop-cock. The " Natator " will thus serve to keep the shipwrecked from sinking, and enable the heroic preservers of human life to reach those who, though kept afloat by it, are unable to swim. The wearers of the " Natator," some of whom wore it under their clothes, some over them, while others had undressed and wore nothing else, floated about the steamers for an hour, now seeming to stand erect in the water, now lying upon it, some smoking a cigar, others reading a newspaper, or eating biscuits and sandwiches from a little waterproof bag attached to the costume, laughing, talking, and apparently enjoy- ing their novel position. A shower happening to come, one of the swimmers opened and hoisted an umbrella, under which he continued his watery promenade, to the great amusement of the spectators. M. Gosselin has also invented a new buoy, lor saving valuables from being lost in a wreck. It is a hollow sphere of copper, the under part of which is lengthened out so as to form a cylinder, in which gold, papers, or other valuables will act as ballast. An ingenious apparatus, contained in the upper part of the sphere, ensures its being constantly filled with air enough to keep it afloat. Several of these spheres may be fastened together, and will float for any length of time. Surmounted by a little flag, they are almost sure to be picked up sooner or later. In the top of the sphere, which screws on and off, the name and address of the owner of its contents may be enclosed, the recovery of property enclosed in it being thus facilitated. The increasing frequency of shipwrecks, and the great number of lives thus lost every year, has prompted another inventor, M. Fontaine, to seek, in the employment of compressed air, for the means of constructing what he calls " in- stantaneous rafts." Suppose a roll of indiarubber cloth twelve feet long, and say two feet in diameter, hung up horizontally alongside a ship like a boat, a rope-ladder being rolled up inside it. Unroll it, and you see it to be an immense air-mattress — say 12 feet by 60 feet, or of any size that may have been given to it. Suppose now this mattress to be filled with air, and lying on the water with its rope- ladder hanging from the bulwark of a ship in distress, you will find it to present a surface {the dimensions being as supposed above) of 720 square feet, and to have a buoyancy of 38 tons ; so that, if charged with 400 persons, it will not sink more than to three- quarters of its thickness. In case of accident, the captain would only have to give the command, " Lower the raft," for the mattress to extend all its length upon the sea. By a most ingenious contrivance, it will be instantaneously filled with air, the whole operation not requiring more than two minutes. The rope-ladder, broad enough for two persons abreast, is ready at the same time, and the passengers may go down, quietly and safely ; but should any one throw himself down in a panic, he would not hurt himself, falling, as he would do, on the elastic surface of the raft. The air apparatus consists of a large cylinder of sheet iron, containing air compressed to fifteen atmospheres by the action of the ship's steam engines. It communicates with the rolled-up mattress by means of a strong iron pipe provided with stop-cocks. Above the decks this pipe has lateral rungs for a man to run up by. There are, connected with this raft, many accessories that serve to render it more manageable ; among others, transversal bars that serve to keep it flat when unrolled, and prevent giving way more on one side than another. A Transatlantic steamer provided with four of these rafts might be aban- doned in five minutes ; and there would be time, besides, to lower the boats, man them, and fill them with provisions. And, above all, by the use of this new invention, the frantic rushes that so often cause boats to capsize would be entirely avoided. The Pastoral Times says : — They are coming — the grasshoppers— in millions; the air is thick with them on the plains. Many of the runs have not recovered from the damage done by the pests during last season — in fact, the carrying capacity of many of the runs has been seriously inter- fered with, owing to the ravages committed by these creatures. THE AGRICULTURAL WEALTH OF FRANCE.— Despite the loss of territory the agricultural wealth of France is still very great, as is shown by the returns of the last census (1872), just published. The acreage of the lost departments gives an agricultural value of £173,000,000— all but a trifle less than the money indemnity. The present census shows a diminution of neariy two millions in the number of the native population, of which 1,600,000 is due to the loss of Alsace and Lorraine, while 360,000 must be set down to the direct action of the war. Of the thirty- six millions of the French people still remaining, as against the thirty-eight millions returned by the census of 1866, no fewer than eightenn millions are returned as living in the rural districts, while thirteen and a half millions are actually depen- dent on agriculture for their living. In agricul- tural wealth France possesses, in round numbers, three millions of horses, three hundred thousand mules, four hundred and fifty thousand asses, eleven millions of cattle, twenty-five millions of sheep, and five millions of swine. — Herald's Paris Correspondent. PAPER MANUFACTURE. — According to a recently published statement, it appears that there are 3,960 paper manufacturers in the world, employing 80,000 men and 180,000 women, besides 100,000 employed in the rag trade ; 1,800 millions of lbs. of paper are produced annually ; one- half is used in printing, a sixth for writing, and the remainder for packing and other purposes. The United States, with 3,000 machines, produces yearly 200,000 tons of paper, which for a population of 28,000,000, averages 17 lbs. per bead ; an English- man only consumes 11½ lbs. ; a German, 8 lbs. ; a Frenchman, 7 lbs. ; an Italian, 3½ lbs. ; a Spaniard, 1½ lbs. ; and a Russian only I lb. annually, on an average. 'The Hobart Town Mercury gives the following account of a nidulant cariosity : Mr. .John Watson, of Muddy Plains, has forwarded to Mr. Graves a puzzle, in the shape of a bird's nest, the like of which, perhaps, is unknown to any reader. It is constructed of common rough cutting grass, roughly, yet wonderfully, woven for the purpose, and with every appearance of a natural bush or large tuft of grass, intended to deceive the eye of the disturber and the enemy. Any one would: think at first sight that it is an old stable broom ; but when the mystery is explained, the door opened— for there is none visible— then the eye and the mind wonder. Inside of this piece of nature's cunning we find a beautiful chamber lined with the softest down, and two eggs in it of more than five ounces in weight. How a bird of the size of the musk duck could squeeze her wide beam through an aperture that no eye could detect is only known to herself ; at all, events, all those who think they can solve the mystery may see the nest by calling at our museum. AMERICAN RAILWAYS.— The American railway journals express a belief that in the year 1880 there will be 100,000 miles of railroad in the Republic. The total has already reached 70,000 miles, and as the increase in prosperous years has been as high as 13,000 miles, it would attain the number stated in less than three years if the country could at once regain the rate of construc- tion to which the panic of last autumn gave a check. Even taking the increase of 1873 as an average, the 100,000 would be passed in four years. The railroad mileage has doubled in ten years. Should this progress continue, the total mileage in 1884 would be 140,000. Just now, it is said, railroad mileage is increasing faster at the South than in any other section of the country, and the business reaction which has set in there will be an incentive to its continuance. TUNNEL BETWEEN FRANCE AND ENGLAND. — The project to construct a tunnel between France and England is assuming a practical phase. The capitalists and engineers embarked in this gigantic enterprise demand a concession of thirty years instead of the ninety-nine usually accorded to railway companies, and ask for neither guarantee nor grant. Further, they are ready to advance a sum of 4,000,000 francs for preliminary investigations. M. Lavalley estimates the cost of the work at 150,000,000 francs ; the English engineers think it will amount to 250,000,000 francs. He suggests that this work should be done partly by France and partly by England, and that to induce the two countries to press on this undertaking energetically, there should be a bonus for the one which works the fastest. The 4,000,000 francs fomiing the preliminary capital are nearly all, it is said, subscribed. DREADFUL TRAAGEDY AT SEA. — The Journal Officiale, of Paris, has received an account of a terrible occurrence at sea, the particulars of which are as follows : — On the 8th of June the Italian vessel Napoleon Camarero sailed from Macao with a crew of forty men and, 663 coolies for Callas, and 8000 packets of fireworks. After a lapse of two days the interpreter discovered a plot among the emigrants to seize the ship. The captain im- mediately ordered one-half of them to be confined in the hold, but the next day those remaining on deck armed tbemselvs with knives, belaying- pins, pieces of wood, in short anything they could lay their hands on, and attacked the crew, who de- fended themselvs with muskets and revolvers. The coolies then massed themselves on the fore- castle and set fire to the vessel, hoping that the crew would set to work at the pumps to extinguish the flames. During that time they had also freed their comrades, and murdered the few sailors they could get hold of. The captain, seeing what they were doing, ordered the boats to be lowered, and left the ship with the remainder of his men. Some sailors who remained on board with the doctor, the magazine man, and the interpreter were unable to prevent the flames from reaching the fireworks, and the ship blew up, scattering the fragments of the mutineers in every direction, under the very eyes of the escaped crew. ADULTERATED HOCK. — Hock- drinkers will be sorry to learn, says the Lancet, that their favourite wine is now systematically and extensively adul- terated in Germany. The Cologne Chamber of Commerce in its yearly report just issued does not mince the matter, but states that the " rectifica- tion " assumes alarming proportions among nearly all the vineyard proprietors of the Moselle, and among most of the makers in the palatinate. It must be painful to a good many people in this country to learn that many of the Rhine wine cellars contain more of the supposed 1773 vintage than the entire vineyards actually produced. ORIGIN OF GIPSIES. — Charles Leland, in his work on English gipsies speaks of the race of which they are a part as " the descendants of a vast number of Hindoos, of the primitive tribes of Hindostan, who were expelled or migrated from that country early in the fourteenth century." The migrations probably began earlier, for there are intimations of them as far west as Germany in 1416, and in 1427 a troop of them, numbering a hundred appeared in Paris, where they gave themselves out as Christian gipsies expelled from Egypt by the Mohammedans. No settled account of their origin is given by the gipsies of any two lands in the Old World, but their tradition extends, on the whole, towards the Egyptian origin which the popular notions of European nations had in general till of late assigned to them. Yet that the Rom or Romni are to be identified with the Dom or Domni caste of Hindoos, allied to the Nats, the real gipsies of India at the present day — the letters D and R being hardly distinguishable in gipsy mouths — is not only attested by the name they give themselves, but borne out by proofs without limit from the study of their speech and of their characteristic customs or habits. French Ladies are, it seems, determined to rival their English and American sisters in quest of woman's rights. One of them, Mdlle. Andreline Doumerque, has stormed the Montpelier Apothe- caries' Hall, winning honourable admission after a searching examination, her diploma of reception into the faculty being marked " satisfactory." The most Diabolical Pun ever invented was perpetrated by a very harmless sort of person the other evening. When Mr. Soberleigh read that a father in the West had chopped his only son in two, he innocently remarked that he didn't think they ought to arrest a man for simply " parting his heir in the middle." Tipkins aroused his wife from a sound sleep the other night, saying he had seen a ghost in the shape of an ass. " Oh, let me sleep," was the reply of the irate dame, "and don't be frightened at your own shadow." 