NEWS OF THE MONTH. LAURA, January 12. On the lltlx instant we had a nice change in the afternoon with some smart showers of rain, which continued during the night. To-day the atmosphere is very cloudy, betokening another fall of rain. Farmers do not much care for the same just now, as some ot them have not yet finished winnowing; most are finished cleaning up. Their produce is chiefly purchased by Messrs. Warren and Wilson, from Port Pirie, on the lands of Booyoo- lee. The price of wheat at present, within four miles of Laura, is 4s. 4d. on the ground. We had midnight Mass here at Christ mas, solemnized by the Rev. IT. Pallhuber, S.J. On Christmas morning this gentle man went from here to Caltowie, and celebrated Mass there, and from thence to Georgetown, a very fatiguing journey, no doubt, the weather at that tune being extremely warm. Since then we have had Mass once a fortnight at Laura. N ew Year's Day Mass was held at Mr. D. Curry's, Tilti. This was an exceedingly warm day, and a little after Mass was over, when most of the congregation were par taking of Mr. Curry's hospitality, word came that a fire was in a farmer's paddock. All hands at once helped to prepare for the conflagration. Every vehicle available, viz., wains, spring-carts, and other convey, ances, were' got ready, and horsemen and all went quickly to the scene, taking bags and everything portable to extinguish the flames. By the time they arrived the fire was put out from a pile of wheat, which was supposed to contain 1,200 bushels. At this time it had got on to a standing crop, -—one Mr. Moroney's — and with the number congregated, and by dint of hard work, after some time, they succeeded in putting this lire out without it doing any serious injury. They then turned and put out the burning grass, which had been consumed bjr the fire for miles. Many thanks are due to some of the ladies who drove traps and horses, carrying with them drinks for those engaged in putting out the fire. It would be useless for me to try to describe the fires of the North, they were so numerous and extensive that no person could form an idea of them without ocular demonstration. On the Proclamation Day, there was a fire at Jamestown, the next day a terrible fire was seen at Upper Booyoolee ; and on the next day again a fire was seen at Caltowie. And there must have been a dreadful fire near the Never Never Ranges, from the appearance of the sky, and the dense clouds of smoke. Laura is now in advance of other northern townships, I mean with more and better buildings ; though there is one fine hotel at Jamestown — Mr. Halm's — the best out of the capital. LAURA, Jan. l'.Jth. The weather during the early part of the past week was very enfeebling, es pecially on Wednesday and Thursdaj'. There was heavy rain and occasional claps of thunder on the 10th, though not very much rain fell at Laura. On Boo yoolee, Gladstone, and other places, it rained heavily, but I am happy to say it did no harm, but a great deal of good, because it filled large dams and waterholes — a great boon to some of the inhabitants, particularly those residing on Booyoolee. A c w farmers, who were not finished cleaning hp the produce of the harvest and having what lyas cleaned and lit for market lying in the cornfield, were beginning to feel "uneasy. However, the nights were dry and each successive day since, "which has liighly gratilied them This week, I believe, will finish the winnowing. Wheat js now 4s. Old. oil the farm, four miles distant from here. Believe it to be 5s. 24d. at Port Pirie. : There are two large stores, the property , of Messrs. Webb & Kinrane, which have j been recently erected, will be soon fit for j use. These edifices are an ornament to j the township. Mr. Betteridge's spacious | building, which is as .yet in the state of embryo, when completed will also serve to j adorn the main street. There are at pre- ' sent a good mai dwellings in course of 1 erection and there is a Primitive Methodist , Chapel getting up quickly. And, without 1 doubt, there will be soon the Church of England Chapel — it is already in contem plation. Buildings would go ahead much quicker were it not for the scarcity of laborers. A doctor attends here once or twice a week, last Tuesday being one of the appointed days, so that there was a good many awaiting his arrival — some who came early and from a good distance. They were waiting until late in the after noon, expectiug the doctor's arrival, but no doctor came, and the patients were very much fatigued after a long journey on a veiy sultry day. There is a good opening for a qualified medical practitioner here, there being a great number of in habitants and no other gentleman of that profession within a remote distance. Mr. Walters has started grinding and crushing at his new mill on last week. The brewery will be soon fit for use, too. LOWER WAKEFILD, Jau. 14. j The harvest operations in this neighbor- ! hood are now fast drawing to a close. The greater number of the farmers have finished reaping, and they are therefore busy with the cleaning and carting. As regards the average, I think it will be from eight to ten bushels per acre. During this harvest the weather has been so changeable that the like has not been ex perienced for many years past. There was scarcely one week since commence ment in which the reapers could work regularly. Were it not for such changes as these, nearly all hands would be finished ere this time. A very light rain began to fall here on Saturday night last, and con tinued with short intervals throughout the day on Sunday, but it was very trifling in comparison with the rains which must have fallen elsewhere, as the flood which appeared in the River Wakefield about sundown on the same day clearly testified. It is thought to be one of the largest that has occurred for the last 15 or 20 years. I have heard that it has caused a conside- , rable amount of damage to property in various places along its course, but; I am happy to state that its effects were not felt in this locality to any extent. One or two , of our crossings were washed away, which j will require a little more work on the part ' of the District Council. N It is my sad and painful duty to have to record the death of one of our most esteemed neighbors, Cornelius Britt, whose death occurred under the following cir- cumstances. The deceased was riding a horse after some cattle on Sunday evening, the 4th instant, when the animal fell, throwing its rider, and, rolling over him, rupturing something in the interior of the stomach, which caused his death in four days from the time of the accident. There were two doctors in attendance, and both gave up all hopes of his recovery. The poor fellow suffered the most intense pain from the time of the occurrence until his death, which took place about 1 o'clock on Thursday night last. He died very happy and reconciled, having the great blessing of making his peace with God, and being fortified with the last sacraments of the Church. He was buried on Saturday in he Lower Wakefield Catholic Cemetery, and his remains were followed to their last resting-place by a large concourse of people. The deceased leaves a wife and six chil- dren to mourn their loss. CLARE, Jan. 21, 1874. At a public meeting held on Friday, l(3th, in the Clare Hall, it was settled to call a special meeting of ratepayers to levy an extra rate so as to put right the damages to Corporation property caused by the late flood. It was settled also to send a deputation to Adelaide to ask the Government to supplement the amount so raised. At the Town Council meeting it was de cided not to grant licences to butchers to kill small cattle in the municipality. The Inspector is working hard" testing and ad justing weights and measures, though as yet he has made no attempt to put down the illegal spring balances. If the Coun cil compel storekeepers to have their weights tested, it is unfair to allow other tradespeople to use strictly illegal balances. If the Council do not know their duty a movement is on foot by which a few of the ratepayers will compel them to learn it. . i..——., i Dominican Convent. — Wednesday last being' the first anniversary of the late Mother Prioress, and foundress of the Dominican Order in this Diocese, Mother M. Teresa Moore, there was an office for the dead, and High Mass iu the Convent Chapel. His Lordship i he Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds wqs cele brant, the Rev. A. Bourke, and Rev. P. Keough being deacon and sub- deacon, Arcdeacon Russell, master of ceremonies. The following clergymen were also present — the Very Rev. J. Tappeiner, S.J., Revs. M. Hager, S.J., P. Hughes, M. O'Conner, C. Yan der Heyden, and C. McClosky. S. Ignatius' Church, Norwood. — On Sunday last the Bishop of Adelaide held a Confirmation at this Church, when 50 persons, among whom were a few adults, presented themselves as candi dates for the reception of this Holy Sacrament. Before administering the the rite, His Lordship addressed the candidates iu an eloquent and impressive manner on the necessity of being pro perly prepared for the reception of the sevenfold gifts of the Holy Ghost im parted by the imposition of hands. He also dwelt forcibly on the necssity of a religious education, and the many dangers to which those parents exposed their children who sent them to mixed or Protestant schools. He concluded by earnestly exhorting his hearers to value the precious gift of faith above all human or worldly considerations. The Dominican Convent. — We are informed that the Yery Rev. Fr._ Byrne has left Adelaide for Maitland, N.S.W., for the purpose of escorting the Mother Prioress of the Dominican Convent of that place, with a few other nuns who are coming to take charge of the con vent of this Order in Adelaide. Devotion to the Sacred Heart. — On Friday last, the chapel of the Dominican Convent was solemnly con secrated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. High Mass was celebrated by His Lord ship the Bishop, assisted by the Rev. Fr. Bourke as Deacon, the Rev. B. Nevin Sub -deacon, and Yen. Arch deacon Russell as Master of ceremonies. A sermon appropriate for the oceasion was preached by the Rev. Fr. O'Mally, S.J., of S. Patrick's College, Mel bourne, who is now on a visit to this colony. The Appointments to the Board of Health. — Referring to our comments in last week's issue on the recent Government appointments, the Kapiuula Herald of Tuesday last, says : — " With relation to the Public Health's Bill, without offering any comment on Dr. Gosse's scientific attainments, we are forced to the conclusion that for this one reason the appointment is an unsuitable one, viz., that to properly fulfil the onerous duties which must necessarily devolve on the Chairman who has to initiate the operations of so important, and in one sense revolutionary, an Act, will require all the energy and activity of a gentleman in the prime of life ; whereas Dr. Gosse has already been so long engaged in the active service of life as to render comparative rest advisable, if not absolutely necessary. As a medical practitioner he has earned a first place in the profession, and his kind and gentlemanly habits have deservedly won him troops of friends ; but in undertaking the duties of this office, and at the same time retaining his private practice, he must either exert himself far more than is advisable on his own account, or otherwise the duties of the office must be in part neglected. The appointment of Dr. Campbell as a member of the Board we regard as a good one. Of Lieut. -Colonel Barber wo know nothing," but report speaks very favorably of his scientific attain ments and official experience. Like our contemporary, wo fail to see why Messrs. Wright and Kay were made members of this Board, and can only hope they will prove the right men in the right place. Farewell Dinner. — Mr. Thomas Godfrey, the Editor of the Wallaroo Times, being about to depart for New Zealand, the inhabitants of Wallaroo and Kadina have signified their appre ciation of the able manner in which he has advocated their interests by giving him a farewell dinner. The event came off. on the 7tli inst., at the Exchange Hotel, Kadina, and was presided over by the Mayor, Mr. F. W. Guvnor. The dinner being dispatched, the health of the guest was proposed in laudatory terms by the Chairman. Mr. Godfrey replied in a pithy and appropriate speech, and songs and recitations con- cluded the evening's entertainment. Although, as is well-known, we have more than once had to join issue with our Wallaroo contemporary, we think it must in fairness be acknowledged that Mr. Godfrey has well earned the com pliment which the Wallaroo folks have paid him, and we willingly join with them in wishing him similar success in the new sphere of labor which liis energy and talents qualify him to fill. Dlvbolical Act. — We are informed that on Friday last Mrs. Haines, of St. John's, from lier residence saw smoke at the corner of her wheat paddock some distance away, and on running down found that the grass had caught fire, and moreover discovered a broken bottle, some burnt paper, and the remains of some partially burnt matches there, which had evidently been placed pur posely to cause the fire. A short time ago some mischievous persons also hid part of the reaping machine in the chaff heap, and thus hindered the work of reaping until it was found. — Iuqninda Herald. — For the detection and proper punishment of offences of this kind we would suggest the formation of a vigi lance committee ; the scoundrel when caught should be tied to a tree and the cat applied vigorously to the fleshy part of his body. Thefts in Government Offices. — ' It will be unpleasant for the public to learn that thefts have recently been discovered to have taken place in the Accountant's office of the Engineer-in- Chief's Department. About a month ago £5 was missing from the cashbox which was kept in the Accountant's desk ; but at the first little attention was paid to the matter, as it was supposed that a £5 -note had been paid away in mistake for a £1. Shortly afterwards, however, £15 was missed and it then became apparent that a theft had been committed. Mr. Mais directed that a new cashbox and an iron safe should be procured, which was done. Just before 4 o'clock one afternoon the Accountant' put away a considerable sum, including five £10-notes, in the box and safe,' locking the keys of both, and placing: them in a drawer, of which he turned the key. . He went to the Treasury, where he was engaged for a quarter of an hour, and upon returning he took the key of the safe and placed it under neath some papers in one of a number of pigeon-holes, which was closed by locked door. Next morning the key was found in the same position, but three UlO-notes were gone from the cashbox, and whether the cash was taken during the night or during the time the Accountant was absent in the Treasury cannot of course be ascer tained. The whole matter, which is involved in mystery, has been referred' to a Board of Enquiry, the police have also been informed of the Circumstances,' and it is to be hoped that the culprit IRft.V SBfiAflllv llO mt/1 — v uiuuguu to justice. — Homing Journal. Another Bull. — The. dmlir — pctjjcao of Wednesday publish the following telegram, dated from Rome, January 12th " A Papal Bull has authorized the next election of a Pope taking place in Monaco, France, or Malta, and without a regular conclave," and adds, " Germany refuses to recognise such a proceeding." Now, we have ho faith whatever in the existence of any such Bull, except in the imagination of Mr. John Bull, but supposing it were true that such a Bull had been issued, we should like to know in what way Ger many's refusal of recognition would affect its validity. Who is Germany that its recognition should be sought for, or its refusal regarded in any shape or form 1 How long has " Germany" been recognised as the supreme arbiter of the world, and God's vice-gerent upon earth. What has Germany to do with the recognition of Papal Bulls more than any other nation, and who cares a fig for its recognition or refusal? We have often heard it sung that "Britons never shall be slaves," but we regret to see in this adulation, this abject crawling under the feet of a military despot, whose sole merit con sists in the number of his needle o.ulls too evident indications of a willingness to be slaves — . " Now in the names of all the gods at once, Upon what meat doth this our Kaiser feed lhat ho is grown so great ? ' Age thou art shamed J" 