THE MANAGING MOTHER. 11 Coming to visit us !' cried Mrs. Bretreter, in accents of tragic despair, as she elevated her two hands in the air, and rolled her eyes heavenward. ** Coming to visit us I' echoed Miranda, her daughter. ' Mamma, never I' 'Read the letter for yourself,' said Mrs. Brewster. And Miranda, taking the epistle gingerly between her finger and thumb, read :— '* Dear Cousin- — Business bringing me to New York about the middle of June, I shall visit jqu, if agreeable, at that time. Truly yours, H. Stockmgton.' 'The horrid old nuisance!' she cried, as she dropped the note. *' Mamma, what are we to do ? Aunt Elgin sajs he's intolerable. He wears a ginger-coloured suit, with patches on the elbow ; talks through his nose ; reads Blair's sermons aloud in the evening; and insists on coming in to see every one that calls, and telling 'eai what miserable sinners they are.' ' He's only a second cousin, after all,' said Mrs. Brewster, musingly, *'on your papa's side.' 'And has nothing to leave us,' added Miss Miranda. '' I don't see why we are to victimise ourselves on his account. Mamma, it does seem to me as if we were tormented to death with poor relations. There'? Patty now : — papa's sister's stepdaughter — she's been here a month, and she don't even try to get a place as governess,' ' She has advertised/1 'Yes, mamma, I know; but nobody an swers her advertisements. Why don't ehe go to an Educational Bureau, or apply to some Board of Trustees, or something? It's mv opinion she would rather live here and do nothing, than, to earn her bread.' ' Miranda, look here !' cried Mrs. Brew ster, her face lighted up with a sudden insoi ration ; ' we never received this letter.' 41 Eh, mamma?' ' We never got it, I tell you,' said Mrs. Brewster, impatiently, as she tore it in pieces and threw the slips into the scrap-basket. *' We'll start for Newport to-inorrow, you and i. Aunt Elgin can easily secure rooms for us if we telegraph at once ; and Patty shall stay and keep house — it's all she's good for.' *' Shall we tell her that Cousin Habakuk — r 'And betray my whole scheme? That'*. 60 likely, isn't it ? No, no, — we are not re sponsible for the company that arrives during oar absence. Patty will make as good an audience as anybody for Cousiu Habakuk's sermons and lectures, and she can da the housework, too. I'll take Jane with me for a maid, and so the matter wjh be nicely ar ranced.' Miranda jumped up and clapped her hands. 'Mamma,' she cried, 'what a manager you are ! You ought to have been a man, and Minister Plenipotentiary to some court or other. You would have made a splendid ' diplomatist.' ' ' Never mind that just now,' said Mrs. Brewster, sharply. ' Let us see about pack ing our trunks.' ******* *' What fun !' cried Patty Brewster, tiptoe ing about the big empty drawing-room, and peeping slyly into the depths of the great mirrors above the mantel, where a plump face was reflected, with all its ringlets and dimples, ? and varying shades of rose and pearl. ' And to think I've got it all to myself ! I'm all alone in this great house, with the crickets, and the shadows, and the winking gas-lights in the streets. I'm glad there are oo ghosts in New York. I declare, it makes one feel like a grown-up young lady in good earnest.' And to carry out the delusion, Patty scam pered up-stairs and dressed herself in one of her cousin's blue silk dresses, with a floating scarf, a grenadine overskirt, and a knot of artificial violets in her hair. ' Now Fin Miranda,' said she, unconscious ly imitating, before the glasp, Miss Brewster's drawing-room airs and graces. 'Oh how nice it must be to be a fashionable young lady.' And Patty went, down stairs to sit in the balcony to watch the passers-by, half frighten ed at her own temerity in '* playing Miranda,' half delighted at the novelty of her situation. 'Miss Brewster?' It was a tail, s'ender young man, very handsome, with dark eyes and hair, and dressed with excellent taste, who came up the steps carrying a portmanteau, and paused halfway at the blue silk apparition which glimmered on the balcony in the twilight. 'Yes,' faltered Patty; adding to herself, -' It's the gasman, I suppose, or the taxes, or something.'*' f1 *' I am so glad,' said he, frankly, reaching bis band over towards her. 'I am your cousin Stockington.' 44 Are you ?' said Patty, wondering who on earth hfi might be. *? Will you please walk in?' 'I suppose your mother is at home?'' he kindly asked. ** No, sir, she isn't,' said Patty. ' No. Then perhaps you did not receive niy letter ?' *' I have eeen no letter,' said Patty. *' But there's some mistake, I dare say. Please to waik in. I am not Mirapda. I'm only Paity, and they're all away from home. But I dare gay I can cook you some 6upper.'? Mr. Stokington, not Cousin Habakuk at all, but Mr. Hartley Stokington, quite a different personage, stood a minute pondering. Evi dently there was some misundestanding. t'Pm a capital cook royaelf,' said he, suddenly rousing himself from his reverie. ' I have boiled trout on the hanks of the Thames j and picnicked on the shores of the Nile, on dishes that would make your hair stand on end. Til help you, Miss Patty.' ' But,' hesitated Patty, remembering sunr dry lectures delivered to her at various times by Miss Brewster, ?' woalcj it be — would it be quite — proper ?' « Why not?' *'Fm sure I don't know,' said Patty, drooping her long lashes, and coloring a pale pale pink, like a sweet flower. ** So come on.' ' Neither do I,' said Mr. Stockington. ******* ' Hartley Stockington's name on the hotel register!' said Misa Miranda Brewster. u Mamma, if that isn't the luckiest combination of circumstances. Why he's a millionaire, and just returned from the East. Let us send up our cards at once. We are the nearest relatives he has, and — ' ** Yes, yes,' said Aunt Elgin, nodding her head— she was a little dried up old lady, who had rather a genius for making herself dis agreeable — 'it's all very delightful, but you'd better hear me to the end. I saw the entry myself: Hartley Stokington — and wife !' 'And wife?' echoed Mrs. Brewster. ** And wife !' almost skrieked Miss Miranda, overwhelmed, figuratively speaking, with the ruins of her Alnascher temple of fancy. At the same time the door swung open, and a grinning mulatto waiter announced : — ' Mr. and Mrs. Stockington.' Little Patty Brewster, in dove-colored silk, and orange buds in her hat, ran into Mrs. Brewster's arms. ' Oh, Aunt Caroline, I am so obliged to you ! It never would have happened if you hadn't gone away and left me to keep house. And I know I'm not half good enough for Hartley ; but he loves me ; and, oh ! I am so happy 1' And Mrs. Brewster, swallowing down a huge lump in her throat, was obliged to gasp out her unwilling congratulations. She left Newport the next day for home, and just three days afterwards Cousin Habakuk came, ginger- colored suit, tin bath ing, tracks, drugs and all, to spend a month. ' Dear, dear !' sighed Mrs. Brewster, ' why couldn't I have stayed at home before, and left Providence to manage matters for me? — Bow Bells. 