THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission were begun on Tues day, April 28, at tbe Congregational Church, HindiB&rsh-smiare.; There was a fair attendtuiRA. The Kev. Colmer U. symes, wno presided, opened the evening's proceedings by prayer and the reading of Scripture ; after which he intro duced the Chairman for the ensuing year, the Rev. J. R, Ferguson, of Salisbury, who read the following: — ' My dear Brethren and Christian Friends— Elected to fill the high position which I now come forward to occupy, I trust I shall be enabled by special grace from God to perform all the duties that shall devolve upon me, and that whatever eflicient power there may reside in my office it shall be carefully directed to the fulfilment of H;s will alone and the further showing forth of His glory. ' The first duty which usajre assigns tome requires that I throw myself upon your patient indulgence while I proceed with m- address. Having a desire to set before you some topic, the consideration of which might prove to be of some present value in relation to the work of the Christian Church, the enquiry which I wiU essay to make is— What was the main and distinctive work to which the Apostles addressed them selves, and what were the methods which they uniformly observed in seeking to overtake and effect it? This twofold question appears to my own mind to be fundamental in its nature as bearing upon the great mission of the Christian Church in all ages. It can hardly but be thought that the duty which was expressly and uniquely given to the Apostles to perform remains ihe same which it is incumbent on the Chuich to be occupied with so long as her exis tence and her agency are needed upon earth. And it surely must appear to be no less evident that the ways in which the Apostles proceeded in their work, considering the varied and wide spread difficulties they had to encounter, and considering the astonishing success which tbey achieved notwithstanding, are the ways which, as nearly as possible, ought to bo imitated down through all ages and even in all lands over which the Church spreads. I am not intending to make use of the principle that when we have an Apostolic practice univer sally and uniformly observed by them wo have then, by implication, a scriptural law which is binding upon the Church for all timo. This may or may not be so ; but the line of our present inquiry is more simply after the Baconian method — What do we find to have constituted the distinctive work of the Apestolic ministry, and what wero the ways in which they prosecuted it? And then we earnestly conclude that their main work con tinues still to be ours ; and their ways, con sidering the diversified circumstances amid which tbey wrought, ought to be carefully observed and kept in view by us. The under lying principle of our whole argument is tho great rrote&tant; one — that the Scriptures are our sufficient and only authoritative rule both of faiih and practice. Our subject, then, is ' Apostolic Work and Ways.' 'Apostolic Work.— The work, which seems to nave been one and comprehensive in the ministry of the Apostles, comes before our view in the New Testament records under singular simplicity of statement and in ever-recurring iteration. It is given us in a set and formal manner in the first chapter of the Acts of tho Apostles, when, after the disciples had enquired of the risen Lord what was to follow next in the relationship in which they stood to each other — whether ' He would at that time restore agnin the Kingdom of Israel ?'— he, in effect, replied that this was not their concern, but that ' they were to go forth, after that the Holy Ghost had ronie upon them, and bo witnesses unto Him both ia Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth.' They would not bo com pletely equipped for their work until the Divine Spirit had descended upon them and endowed them with new power, but when once this had been vouchsafed their duty would then be to bear witness of Him. This is the simple form of expression by which their work appear to have been designated. And it is ac'ded in the sacred narrative that 'when He had spoken these things, while they boheld, He was taken up, and a cloud received His out of their right.' The Master had given Him last directions. He had told them what thev were to do. ' And with this closing counsel the statement altogether agrees which our Lord made from time to time on previous occasions. When Ho was making known to His dear followers the Divine purpose to send forth the Comforter after He Himself had returned to the Father, He said — ' He shall testify of Me ; and ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with Me from the beginning.' At another time, on one of the occasions He met with the disciples after His resurrection, after endeavouring patiently to reconcile them to all that had sa mysteriously happened, He ' then opened their understanding that they might understand the Scripture, and said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day ; and that re pentance and remission of sins should be preached in His name among all nations, be ginning at Jerusalem. And ye are witnesses of these things.' ' ? 'Whether we refer to our Lord's instructions given to the Apostles immediately before Ho was taken up, or to those expressed by Him at earlier periods, the one comprehensive duty to devolve upon the disciples in their ministry is always the same— that, namely, of bearing witness of Him. And to tbis agrees very evidently the interpretation which the Apostles themselves put upon these charges, for we find them as often as occasion arises setting forth their claims to be listened to as well as their obligation to speak in His name upon the fact that they had been eye-witnesses of these thipps. When they thought to fill up the vacancy which had occurred through the desertion and subsequent death of Judas, their plan was that 'of these men who bad compamed with them all the time that Jesus went in and out among them, beginning from the baptism of John unto that same day that He was taken up from them,' one must be ordained ' to be a witness with them of His resurrection.' And when they speak of His resurrection it is only as the culminating event of His whole mysterious manifestation. And so when Peter was con cluding his great first Apostolic discourse on the day of Pentecost, he sayB, 'this Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.' ' It may be sufficiently apparent without my quoting further verbal evidence that the pre eminent and abiding work of the Apostles was to be that of bearing witness for Christ. And to this they faithfully and heroically adhered. For hear the aged John when he had reached the closing scenes of his own long career, and which was to close as well the general Apostolic period — ' That which was from the beginning, which we have beard, which we have seen with our eyes, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life (for tke life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and show unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us); that which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us; and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with His 8on Jesus Christ.' It is a splendid passage in John's own deep and penetrating style, and accordingly characterized by all bis simplicity and compre hensiveness. And when dating bis last book, which is also tbe closing book of the New Testament canon, he writes from ' the isle that is called Patmos,' where he then lay a hoary exile, 'for the word of God, and for the testi mony of Jesus Christ.' ?' Now, tbis bearing witness for the Redeemer I feel freely disposed to interpret in the simplest manner possible, according to the meaniDg of the words. Whether we take the Greek verb which occurs in the passages, or the common English translation, it is all the same— to bear witness is to testify to what one has seen, or heard, or knews.^ Knowledge derived from one's personal and primary sources of information at once forms the basis of true testimony, and supplies the substance of it. When the Apostles stood forth accordingly to give their testimony to what was alleged in respect t« Christ, they could not but declare what they themselves knew. It was all and simply with them a matter of knowledge, and tbey could not withhold their testimony without doing violence to the dictates and impulses of their moral and intellectual nature — they could net but 'speak the thiugs which they hod both seen and heard. And these very things whic1! they thus averred became in turn the subject matter of their testimony. As often as they testi fied they also preached. There was nothing more, or nothing better required of them, than that they should simply tell what they knew of tbo Redeemer. To do this was to preach thu Gospel, and set forth the propitiation which is through faith in the Son of God. Such is Christ, so manifold and wide are the bearings of His divinely-adopted life and character, so obviously full of' vicarious significance are all His suf ferings and His death; such an infinite pleni tude, in short, is there in His God-man person that to bear witness of Him is to proclaim the way of salvation to mankind. One cannot speak of Him without making known a Saviour. And thero is no more direct way of pointing the world to the only true deliverer than to speak alone of Him. ? For the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we behold His glory, the glory of the only- begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.' ' For the law camo by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. No man hath seen God at any timo but the only-begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father; He hath declared Him, who is the brightness of the Father's glory and tho express image of His person; for it hath pleased the Father that in Him should all fulue-s dwell.' 'And this is what the Apostles did — when they went forth they as simply as poiiiblo told people about Christ. Leok back upon their dis courses, notice the drift and course of their dis cussions, and invariably you will find that they testify of one fact or another of His history. Are they addressing a Jewish audience, then they have affirmed certain facts, and are proving from the Scriptures that such and such things must needs have occurred. Or, are thoy listened to by Gentile hearers, then they are laying hoM of the common cravings and aspirations of their spiritual nature as evinced in their superstitious, and tolling of Jesus, who they indicate is certain to satisfy them. It is His divine as well as human personality, His life of spotleasness an.I benevolence, His unmerited but vicarious suffer ings, or His resurrection, ]ust as the occasion at the moment happened to require, that we find them declaring. But in every instanco it was Christ. ' As a matter of course, in the prosocution of this their peculiar work they often found occasion to address themselves to other topics. But it was always only as arising out of their persistent testimony. For instance, when they might be reciting in the ears of Jews tho facts and incidents of the Savour's life, their narrative would not be questioned, for the Jews them selves also knew of it. But then tho question came to be pressed upon them — Was this theu indeed the Son of God 1 Their hearers would not deny the facts, as facts, that woro truo of Him whom they callod Jesus; but they would ask for proof that their interpretation of those facts was correct, and that this was in truth the Son of God. And so they woro obliged to follow such a question aud argue tho point, and make good the Divine Sonship of Christ. Again, while not denying their averments in regard to Christ, and, perhaps also, not denying the importances whiih thoy sought to attach to His name, some would still demur to the exclusiveness of thoir claims on His behalf, maintaining that tho law of the Old Covenant must still be observed, otherwise they could have no hope of tho favour of God. And this would lead them, as it so often did in tho ministry of Paul, to an exposition of the use of the Mosaic dispensation, and on explanation that Christ came not to destroy but to fulfil, and that now we are complete in Him. And so at other times other questions would arise, giving occasion for the discussion of other points of doctrine. But it was always the case that these questions sprang out of their testimony for Christ, and the very discussion of them served only yet tho more to throw light upon their creat theme. Christ and Him cruci ikd formed the continuous burden of their ministry: all other questions seem ouly to havo been ti'ken up becauso they were thrust upon them, and when they were discussed they were anxiously taken advantage of to illustrate and er force the claims of Him who is ' tho way' back to God. Their work was in its measure only a continuation of the ministry of Christ, who ? camo to seek and to save that which was lost.' Their great place aud agency was to testify to the love of God, who ? so loved tho world that He gave His cnly-begotten Son, that whosoover believeth in Him should not perish, hut have everlasting life.' And as ' this is tho record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in His Son,' so to the Son, and to the Son always, and to Him alone, mut-t they bear witness. 11 1 need not delay you to show similarly that tbe planting of the Christian Church, and tho laying down and exercise of discipline, all lay within the same lino of their divinely-prescribed work. It being according to a Divine order that every true follower shall, iu his turn, become another individual witness-bearer, a living epistle of Christ, to bo known and read of all men, the Christian Church as a community of such is only an organized society, of many branches it may be, bearing testimony to tho same great name. And Christian ordinances and Church services, as well as discipline, are only so many particular lines of the Church's Labitual and formal action, all within their own sphere pointing the heart and conscience unto CbriEt. In short, when we survey tbo whole of the Apostolic ministry, and note the lofty end of its testimony, that of pointing, like tho Forerunner, to the Lamb of God, and observe how this continues to bo the end in particular, as well as in general, of every part of the Apostolic work, we only come to remember that this is, as it was, necessary that it should be. It is only in harmony with the rest of the great dispensation of mercy aB it comes within our view. From the day when the first gospel was preached in the Garden of Eden, at once in carso and promise, down to tLe morning when tbo angels startled tbe unexpectieg shepherds on the plains of Bethlehem by their songs at the advent of Christ, many long ages had to come and pass away. But that gospel preached in Edon was never once forgotten on the part of God. On and on, over the flow of the mightiest events, there is always seen tinging the crest of the waves a light, and that light is the light of the Son of Man. Tbe old theocracy was the draft-plan of the Church of Christ. In priest and king and prophet' there were exhibited, in rude performance, the efficacious functions of the Son of God. Rite and cere mony and sacrifice all lent their aid to. point forward to Him who was to come. It was from the first all one plan, and the plan ia still being worked out. Christ is the Alpha and the Omega, And, seeing that it is all so, could the Apostles have done otherwise'/ And how should the Church ever do otherwise than bend every pos sible effort to the bearing of witness for Christ / 'Apostolic Ways.— If I am correct, as I believe I am, in thus defining the Apoatolic work, finding it to consist substantially in bearing witness for Christ, and resolving all their varied action and discussions into a reve rential legard to this paramount testimony, then we shall probably now find that the manner in which 'they proceeded was similarly consistent and definite in its aim. At no time does history present us with a spoctasle so mysterious and (at the time) so inexplicable as that of the Apostles coming at first into the presence of their work. A mere handful of men as to number, their Leader and Master taken from their head by crucifixion, they were now to go forth and bear witness of Him in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the utter most parts of the earth. They were to fill the world with His doctrine. They' began at Jerusalem. Day by day, in and around the Temple, wherever they could obtain a hearing, we find them at their work. And they very quickly begin to prevail, for the civil power is soen called upon to interfere that their pro gress might at least be checked. When they became dispersed by the persecutions which fol lowed, tbey went everywhere preaching the Word. Their one theme was Christ, and the' manner in which they bore their testimony to Him was determined by the situation and the character of tbe audiences which they bad suc cessively fto address. Was it a community of Jews among whom they were mingling, tbey had then no difficulty in iptroducing the story of Jesus through the medium of their own Scrip tures, which all spoke of Him. Did it happen to be a Gentile audience, they had then compara tively as little difficulty, for they then seized upon agns and tokens of their faith, present at the moment to their view, and from theso won their way easily to the story of Christ, Whoever might be the peopb they had around them, whatever might be the point from which they started, the Redeemer was always the grand centre Into whose light they asquicUvas Josrible brought their hearers, in whose light thev saw Ifeht as they had never seen it before. DoJS efer find fhem trifling with their audiences as if for the moment pleasing them selves iwith the enunciation of subtleties or startling paradoxes, and discoursing upon themes which were of interest only to tnem se'ves as being conceits and hobbies of their own' Never. They were too simple-minded and too devoted in regard to then- stupendous life-work of pointing a perishing world to the Saviour, Christ. What they studied was the clearest and the quickest way of doing this, ss it enabled them yet further to do tbe more. TLe day of life is altogether too short for any of it to be wasted while at work. Speaking for myself, I see in Paul's vigorous declaration an Apostoh'c principle as to their method of work whan he gays, '1 thank God that I baptized none ot you,' for Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the Gospel;' and, ' Woe is ma if 1 preach not the Gospel.' Particular points were enlarged upon and dwelt upon, as ha3 already been observed; but it was only as they were drawn into them, and when they were engaged upon them, their desire was to exhibit them in the light of Christ, and also through them still further to illustrate and enforce His claims. ' Working thus unweariedly and earnestly in l«?ariiiir witness to Christ, ' God also boaring them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to His will,' their labours were speedily followed with very marvellous results. Iu Jifciea, anl Samaria, and Galilee, and various c f the provinces of Asia Minor thero came imme diately to be regular gatherings of believers in Chriafs name. These the Apostles had now to anito in some form of distinctive social unioa 3d tsTistaininjr a common relation to eauh other. They must become ecclesiii, or churches. And in tbe execution of this newly-developed duty we witness the same simplicity of aim aiid of method on the part of the Aposties. They bring these believers apart by them selves, they give them to recogniso in each other a brother or a sister in Christ, because they had in common believed in Him, and through Him through faith in His narno had received remissita of sins and been received lute the redeemed family of God. This was ail— they were believers in Christ Jesus, anl therefore, as a community, they wera oue, whether they were Jews' or Greeks, bir l-ariaiis, bond or free. They were to keep themselves unspotted from the world, to i^row in grace aud in the knowledge of Christ Jesus their Lord, and to add to their faith every possible Christian excellence; but as a basis of union, or a term of commu.nijn, there was no thin £ named save a loving trust in the one Saviour. Now in this again we have a grand though new form of testimony to Christ. Every one of these members, simply as such, was a personal ami i independent witness-bearer for Him. The \ answer to the question — Why were they then in the community ? was, because they professed to have seen JeEus in the power of HU sacrifice, asd in Him were they reposing: their trust. Their union together was a testimony, for it was publicly known what was the faith which bouud j them together, and what were the exerciaes in ; which they spent their time when they j were met together— as witness the valuable j testimony afforded us in the letter of Piiny to the Emperor Trajan. It was not the bearing of testimony to one particular doctrine or another, important soever as it might be in the j general Christian faith, but it was the giving - i the upbroken and unmistakable weight of their Church influence all for Christ. 'And when they come to the appointment of office-bearers for these Churches ho^ narked is their avoiiance of any title ani the institution of any function that would divide the reverence and regard of the people fur Christ They appear to have remembered well the rebuke which was administered to them by the Lord when they disputed by the way which of them should be the greatest. One was to be their Master, oven Christ, and all they were brethren ; and he who would t~-e greatest among them was to attain this distinction by being servant of alL I would not wish to give offence to any who are fond of titles, but as I am having to da it present with the great divine mission entrusted to the Christian Church, and look in? at how the holy Apostles took it up an I lirst established it, I say it is very observable their avoidance of both name and office such j as would hinder the Gospel of Christ. Look- ' ir.g over the New Testament history of the Apostolic period, which b the first I and necessarily the most important chapter of all our Church history, one cannot help reflect ing upon the entire absence there is throughout of official parade and dignity, anil, shall we add, of title and dress. We meet with nothing of the kind. In every Church there was the Bisho.) or Presbyter, the Pastor or Elder, for 'the feedine of the flock' and ministering to it in spiritual things, for these several names are all u»ed of one and the same office; and there were tbe deacons or managers who gave attention t j citernal and temporal concerns. It was ou!y what was required, and nothing mere. And ?whila there are some, perhaps even among our selves, who could give their support to th) appointment of a 'primws inter pares — a chief among equaLs — all that I am called upon to indicate is that so far as the example of tha Apostles goes their primus inter pares was tha Master, and He alone ; they themselves were all brethren. 'And so it was also in the sanction whic'a they gave to the observance of ordinances and nf a ritual. An ordinance, on account of its sacred and solemn nature, can only receive institution by Divine appointment; and accordingly we tiad them giving themselves to observe only thoso which Christ had taught them. There was tha Sabbath, now changed from the seventh day of the week, as the commemoration of the com pletion of the work of creation, to the first day of the week, as the commemoration of the higher work of redemption, and so a com memoration of Christ. Thero wa3 baptise, by which a purpose was ritually expressed ia regard to the subject that he or she shouli be brought under the teaching of tha Gospel of Christ, and so a testimony on His bohalf. And there was the Lord's Supper, iu which there is the sacred and deeply solemnizing remembrance of Him in His death. But besides these we can discover no other. It was Christ, and cot ceremony, upon which they sought to fix the minds of men, and we all know the ex ceedingly strong tendency there is on the part --f all to fall short of the Saviour and rest in His symbols. And accordingly in the matter of ritual, inasmuch as there mu-t bo in every stat-H assembly of worshippers certain regular and ULderstood modes of iervico, so far there will ne cessarily be a ritual. But where does it appear in thehLstory? Tbere was praise and prayer, an-l reading, and tha exposition of the Word of God. There were these in the order m which it was coi.venient and proper to use them, but f-.«r au^Bt el»e of kinds so derogatory te the dignity and spirituality of the Gospel of Christ that we need not mention them — for such as these we do not find them. One thing they desired and oua thing they followed after— namely, to maka known Christ, whom they themselves knew, ami thia_ they sought to do byword and do.-trice, institution, ordinance, and service, so far as these could be made to subserve - their grranl Divine calling. ' My brethren, I am now done with thi3 cu Bory effort, for te touch upon the various parW of a field eo wide and of such importance re quired that I should be very cursory indeed. I could hardly now risk myself to point you to tha inferences which are plainly deducible from our enquiry, and which have a momentously impor tant bearing upon our Church life and action in the present day. It would require a paper quit j 'f ? l?°€ x*v this ProP9r justice. But whan [ think of the occasion of our present gathering, 5 3 may not be so much required. We shall go from the contemplation of this subject refreshed i-i regard to tho aim and purpose of our offijj and relationship, namely, to bear our directed testimony to Chmt the Saviour. W& sh*ll seek to eschew the weaknesses of the humin miul and the temptations of the times whereby wj might be drawn aside from this one testinway, and make to entertain our people aud oureelve - with doctrines and theories 'which minister questions rather than godly edifyinir, which i-i in faith.' We shall preserve jsilously the Kmpkst fcruui ut si.cuil worship Couoistaat with the free, and full, and pleasing expression of our hearts and souls before God. 'We shall not be envious or covetous of dignities and honours which are not seemly in servants of tho Lord Jesus. We shall be con tent to go on with tho identical 'work,' and as nearly as possible in the recorded ' ways' of the holy Apostles, with the confident assurance that if we are faithful as they were, God also shall bear us witness ' with gifts of the Holy Ghost.'' The Rev. J. Jekferis. LL.B., rosa'to move a vote of thanks to the Chairmau, who had in simple, clear, and nervous language enunciated very clearly the first priuciplea of their living Christianity in a way that would commend iteelf to all who had heard him. Perhaps there was no important truth that needed more to be pre sented to the attention of ministers of this age than that the simple witness-bearing for the Lord Jeius Christ should be the perpetual aim of their ministry. In a statement of this order they could not leave out of sight the fact that the Gospel which was del vered to maa once was a Gospel for all time adapted to the various exigencies of the human race livimr in every age. In this Christ were united all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge, and since he was the Lord of all wisdom aud knowledge, there was a necessity for ministers of Christ to bear clear testimeny'to that fact. He cordially app?oved both of the spirit aud the method of the address, and cordially moved that the thanks of the meeting be tendered to Mr. Ferguson. The Rev. C. B. Simes was glad to second it. He felt thankful that their esteemad brother had directed attention to the great purpose for which they as Churches existed. There was a spirit of enquiry abroad, and they were con tinually met by the question — ' What right have Christian Churches to live ; why should not believers in Christ live their separate individual lives aud do their separate work'' Mr. Ferguson addressed himself not to tha machinery, but to the great fundamental purpose for which they liv*d, and that, ha reminded them, must be the same in every age. An important question was, what testimony had they to bear, and what was their foundation.' They were told that the Apostles had to speak of that which they had seen aud known— per- sonal testimony — and he sometimes felt that the testimony of the Church of Christ was feeble because it did not grow out of what they had themselves experienced. Those who opposed Christianity said tho Book was old; aad, if Christian Churches had nothing more to say than to declare their faith in that Book, the soaner they were passed away the better. He felt that they ought Hot only to bear testimony to the outside truths of the Gospel, but to what they themselves had experienced of Christ. The vote was carried by acclamation, and acknowledged by tho Chairman. REPORT OF COMiUTTEE. 'The General Committee now beg to Lay teforo you a statement of their work and of the various important matters which have occupied their attention durine tho past year. Very humbly, and with profound gratitude, do they acknowledge the Divine presence through oat the year — the utmost harmony having pre vailed throughout, and a sincere and earnest spirit having been at all times manifest to do simply tbe will of the Lord, and go forward in Uis great and wonderful work. 'ASSISTED CHVBC1IE3. 'The first matter that falls to be referred to is the doings of the Committee in disbursing your funds in affording aid to assisted Churches. The same principle guided them in the discharge of this part of their duty that was explained in last year's report, namely, the oiler of a certain amount of assistance; but in the event of a Churh raising a stipulated sum the offering of a little more. It is confidently believed that the operation of such a principle will prove thorougly wholesome and stimulating to all who are concerned; resulting especially in the augmented comfort of the pastor and increaio of vigcur in the Church. 'Happy Valley. — £30 was granted to this Church, with the offer of £10 more if the Church should raise £70. In the report just to hand the amount stated as having been raided towards the stipend for tho year has been £60 lls. 3-L, falling thus below the stipulated sum by over £9; £5 10s. 5d. has been contributed to the funds of the Union. The total income or' the Church for all purposes has been £102 2s 8d. Two services are held every Lord's Day, and one on the Wednesday evening. Tha average attendance on the Sabbath is 190, and the members in communion are 21. There is a Sabbath-school of 79 scholars and eight teachers The Church beg to thank the Union for their liberality in the grant for the last year. 'Goolwa.— To the Church here a grant wa3 made of £25. There are two services held on the Sabbath, but no week-evening meeting, tho Church being supplied by the Rev. J. Hothim, of Port Elliot. There is an average attendance at Sabbath services of 70, and there are 18 Church members. There i3 a Sabbath-school of 40 scholars and five teachers. Thirty-six pouni* was contributed during the year towards tha pastor's stipend, and £2 remitted to the funds of the Union. 'It is utterly impossible,' tha report says, ' to form an opinion as to whit Goolwa will be the next few years owing to tha diversion of traffic to other places.' It will hi quite obvious from this that improvement ia any respect cannot be looked for at the pre3eut time in the condition or work of our Chinch at this place. ' Milangr and Point Sturt — £30 was granted upon condition of these Churches together raising £170. The condition (and more) ha3 been made good, for the report now reseive 1 says— 'The Church at Huang and its branch at Point Sturt desire to express their grateful feeling to the Committee for the very liberal aid afforded during many years past. As claims on the Home Missionary Society are increasing they feel it their bounden duty to exert themselves to sustain the ministry of the Gospel among them selves, which, by the help of God, they hope to accomplish. While thanking you for past assis tance we refrain from asking further aid, and it will afford us pleasure in future to render what assistance we can to the funds of your valuable Society, which we commend to God's care and blessing.' The neighbourhood of these two Churches has suffored greatly during the year from the removal of families to other and newer fields of farming enterprise, but notwith standing these Churches continue to be this vigorous and courageous, and now assume tha whoia weight of their pecuniary obligations. ' Encounter Biy, Port Victor, and Bald Hills. —£50 was granted to these Churches provided they raised between them £100. They have raised for stipend £108 16s. 6d., and accordingly become entitled to the fuli grant. Besides this they have together paid for lighting and cleaning £15s. Is. ; for debt on Port Victor Church, £47 2s. 9d ; and as a contribution to the London Missionary Society, £2 10.-'. 9d.; in all £174 lla. There are two services held at Port Victor anl one at Bald Hills every Sabbath, and at the former place a week-eveninar meeting. The membership at Port Victor is 22, and at BaM Hills 14. There is a Sabbath-school at each place, at Port Victor numbering 75 scholars an 1 S teachers, at Bald Hills 51 scholar., and 6 teachers. The report says—' Duriug the summer season the attendance has been greatly increase! by visitors, who have been seekiug for health and recreation. We have suffered severely during several years past in the winter for want of ceiling, &c;, at Port Victor. It is now our intention to make a vigorous effort to get tha church finished as early as possible. We shall need all funds that can be raised in the neigh bourhood for the purpose, and shall also be glad to receive assistance from friends at a distance. The exodus of farmers and others has not been so great during the past year, and those who remain have gathered in rather a better harvest r but it will require several good seasons for our friends to recover from the great los-es sustained during so many years past.' It will ba gratifying to all the friends of the Union to listen to such tones of hopefulness from a district which has so long had a place in their esteem as well as their care. ' Kingston,— Though no grant wis made to this Church this last year, yet a report has been received from it, as it continues to bo in correspondence with the Committee, and is only not assisted because of their inability and ours to find a pastor for that field. There b a very good place of worship, an average atten dance of 50 notwithstanding the want of a pastor, a membership of nine, and a Sibbath schoolof 57 scholars and nine teachers. There are two service* maintained every Lord's Diy, and one week-evening meeting. They have raised £25 for one half-year's pulpit exnense3, sure that this Church has the sincereat sym pathy of us, all, and our hope and prayer is that ' their eyes may soon behold their pastor.' 'Alma.— To this Church a grant was made at the beginning of tho year of £40, or £10 more if ihe Church raise.! itself £70; but such was the success that immediately fol lowed the Rev. Mr. Dick's pastoral labours that this stipulated amount was reported to have been raised during the first six months. The report now to hand states that £100 has been raised towards the stipend, another £100 for the purpose of clearing off an old debt, and £7 has been contributed to the funds of the Union. About three months ago Mr. Dick began to hold an afternoon service oh the Sabbath at Hamley Bridge, distant eight miles from Alma. So great has been his success in this new undertaking that already a church is built capable of seating 130, and eo much energy has been brought into ope ration in its behalf, and so much liberality exer cised, that it is hoped it will be opened ontirely free of debt. At Alma a piece of ground has been purchased for the purpose of building a manse, which will probably cost between £500 and £d00; but £150 has been already subscribed on the spot by the people themselves. Still, the chief support of the minister will come for the present on comparatively a few, and they ask for the continuance of the grant for one year more, after which thoy hope that the co-operation of Hauiley Bridge will enable them to dispense with all further assistance. ' Green's Plains. — It is now just six months since this Church had the satisfaction of having its first miaiater settled over it. It had formerly been under the care of the Rev. W. Wilson, of Kadina, who travelled once a fortnight on the Sabbath to supply it, with an afternoon service. But immediately the Rev. R. G. Bayley went up an open door appears in Providence to have been awaiting him, and from 14 the membership mounted up to 40 ; the average attendance from 60 to 75 ; and instead of service being held only at the church there are three other places at which Mr. Bayley now regularly ministers. Assistance was granted at the time of Mr. Bayley's settlement to the amount of £25 for the half-year ending March 31. Toey have themselves raised at the rate of £140 a year towards the stipend, and they undortako this next year to raise £130 for stipend aad £220 for repairing the church and building a manse. It is understood that the people have hand somely, and greatly to thoir own credit, made a present to Mr. Wilson of £20. When efforts so liberal aro seen to be made by a people them selves the obligation is felt to bocoma all the stronger to help and encourage them as far as may yet be required. There is one Sabbath school with 26 scholars and throe teachers. ' Border Town is another entirely new Church. The Rev. D. Milne, who was formerly our minister at Kingston, removed hither about twelve months ago, aad assumed the formal oversight of the new congregation. Six months ago the people undertook tho obligation to rise at the rate of £110 for the year towards tha stipend, and a grant was made of £25 for tho period terminating March 31. The Sabbath and weekday services aro reported to be well attended, whh the Sabbath-school getting into working order. Another Sabbath-school is in tended to be opened, and in connection with itau afternoon's service arranged. Everything in the place has had to be commenced, all being new, but step by step whatever organization is needed is growing towards completion. ' floughton.— This station continues to ba supplied by the agents of tho Home Mission. The report says that ' the attendance during the past year has been better than the previous one, and an increasing interest manifested by tho people in the cause.' Mr. McEwin, who all along has stood by this place and laboured un weariedly for its prosperity, begs, on bohalf of the congregation, to express their heartielt gratitude to the agents who have ministered to their spiritual wants for so many years. ' Shipley has been regularly supplied also by the agents of the Home Mission Society. The attendance has been much the same as last year, which compared with former years was good. The Church is enjoying peace and harmony, and a warm interest in the place is being taken by members of the congregation. 'Beaumont, at which place wo have a small chapel, was some time ago placed under the care of the Stow Church, but it is reported that no services are being held. ' Blanchetown continues to be suppliod onca a month by our brethren, the Revs. J. Gibson and P. Barr. The service involves a very long and fatiguing journey, but ourbrjthren roport that their visits aro needed, and they meet with en couragement. ' Freeling continues likewise to be visited by the Rev. J. C. McMichael, who conducts a monthly week-evening service in the Wesleyan Chapel to good congregations. ' Such is the statement your Committee have to submit regarding their discharge of this part of their duties. It will be seen that while one or two Churches have not made progress during the past year, the majority of them have, one of them dispensing altogether with further assistance from your funds, another expressing the confi dent hope that aid will only be required one year more, while in two or three instances tha progress recorded is really remarkable and greatly encouraging. The statement, it is hoped, will prove abundantly satisfactory to you, and that it will stimulate the friends of the Union to contribute yet more munificently to its funds, and thus enable the Committeo to go forward boldly to the undertaking of new and more extended evangelistic work. ' BUSINESS REMITTED TO THB COMMITTEE. 11 The New Areas. — It may be remembered that at the last annual meetings a resolution was carried instructing' the Committee ' to hold themselves in readiness to co-operate with other Christian denominations in supplying new areas with the ministrations of the Gospel.' In pur suance of this resolution the Committee lost no time in putting themselves in communication with the Baptist Association and the Presbytery of South Australia. The Presbytery at once replied in the most fraternal spirit, cordially agreeing to go hand in hand with us in any steps that might be mutually devised for so impor tant an undertaking. The immediate practical result of this correspondence was the sending forth of the Moderator of the Presby teryr in company with the Corresponding Secretary of the Union, to look at the Northen Areas, and to utilize the journey by preaching and visiting as far. as possible in tho course of its progress. So far as this Union is concerned it is now due to the action then taken that Green's Plains has now a minister residing there, with a church comparatively newly started, with the pros perity already achieved, and the promise being given which have just been chronicled. 'Port Pirie is the next placa to which the Committee have given their speciil attention, and services have been conducted there by the Revs. W. Wilson, J. McEwin, F. W. Cox, J. Jefferis, and C. Hjdge, each haviDg paid a visit extending over one or t.vo Sabbath, each month for the last five months. An allotment of land has been secured for a church, and services will be regularly provided every month until a suitable pastor has beei obtained to undertake the care of tho place. Along with Port Pirie on the occasion of these visits services have also been held at Laur.i, Belalie, Gladstone, and Georgetown, and it is proposed to secure an allotment in one of these townships that another centre of pastoral labour may be as soen as possible determined. ' Ministers' Provident Fund.— Up to the data of the last annual meetings this fund was still unformed, owing to the minimum sum of £1,000 not being then in the Treasurer's hands, and a motion was carried declaring the decisive issue that if this amount was not in tbe hands of tho Treasurer by next annual meetings, the money should be returned to the donors. It will ba gratifying to the friends of the Union to learn that this amount (and more) has been now obtained, and the fund onl- waits the appoint ment ot the requisite number of trustees at these meetings to become available for its benevolen object. A particular report will be given informing yon of the details. ' The Magazine. — Ac the half-yearly meeting*, held last October, the Ryv. F. W. Cox gavj notice that he should resign the Editorship of our periodical at the end of the year. It has now passed under the care of tha Rev. J. C. McMichael, and is receiving more hearty sup port both from contributors and subscriber^ than it has done for a long time. ' Additional Ministers. — Various efforts have been made from time to time to obtain acces sions to the number of our ministers. By means of advertisement, applying to the other colonies, and writing to England we have sought for fresh labourers. We have succeeded to some extent in our applications to the colonies, but our appeals at home have as yet met with no suitable response. 'NOTK3. 'In reviewing the whole course of events this past year as particularly affecting us, we desire very humbly to express our gratitude to God for not permitting death in one instance to thin the ranks of our ministers. We need, so far as man can judge, all whom we have, and we praise and adore His mercy in sparing every one. 'At the same time, however, we haveabundant occasion for solicitude in regard to the mainte nance of our ministerial staff in an adequate state of efficiency. The Rev. Morgan Williams, who formore than 13 years nursed, and fed, and kept together, and reared to an admirable state of maturity our Church at Kapunda,has just found it necessary for the sake of re3t to resign and seek for a change in one of the sister colonies. He is an able, scholarly, and most re liable servant of the Lord, and it is but very ill indeed that we can afford to lose him. 'And then on the back of Mr. Williams's resigning there comes the intimation from Angaston that the Rev. John Gibson has decided to repair to England for the sake of Mr3. Gibson's health. We are sincerely sorry that such shou'd be tho delicate condition of Mrs. Gibson's health that medical advisers have thought it necessary that the home climate should be tried, but we are made to be doubly sorry when this involves the resignation aud loss of a ministerial brother of Mr. Gibson's ability and usefulness. All know that ho is a minister of first-rate ministerial powers, and not only within his own uastoral sphere, but over all tho colony, have his' services been appreciated and sought for. Well, we lose also him. ' The Rev. C. W. Evan has again repaired to the old country in tho hopo that the voyage and a temporary visit to England might yet further re-establish his health. He has enjoyed some measure of improvement lately, and we are not j without grounds for believing that if tho change j proves favourable to him he may undertake some j work on his return, upon doing which his heart continues to be set. ' Then there is Clayton Chapel, Kensington, which we had occasion to speak of in last year's f report as having just then sustained tho Ios3 of its esteemed pastor, Mr. Griffiths, which has not yet fallen in with a suitable pastor ; and i Kiujrston, in the South-East, is vacant. 'Port Pirie, as tho head- quarters of our latest evangelistic enterprise, will as soon as practicable require the settlement of a suitable pastor. So that altogether, when we review our Churches' pastoral needs we have occasion, we repeat, for some degree of solicitude for an adequate supply of good and faithful nnnkters. j ' The Rev. J. A. Dowic, who at thi3 time last i year had resigned the pastorate of Alma Church, has now left the colony, and received a hearty welcome in Sydney, where in one of the suburbs he is already settled and meeting with unwonted success. ' In viow of all these losses through minis terial changes we turn with a feeling of meeting with some compensation to give a Christian wel come to the Rev. Thomas Hope, late of Bungay, England. Mr. Hope comes out for his health, with the desire and expectation that the climate will improve it, and enable him to do some work for Christ. While according to him a brotherly greeting, we hope that his expectations will ba fully realized, and that the Master will speedily locate him in that corner of the vineyard which He wishes him to occupy. 'The Rev. W. Hopkins, late of Mary borough, Victoria, comes to supply for a timo tho pulpit at Kapunda. We also bid him wel come, and, in accord doubtless with his own heart, pray that God will make use of him according to His wisdom in our colony. ' The Rev. A. R. Philps is also back among us, his name appearing in the Victorian Year Book of South Australia, though without a charge. ' These accessions, although as yet not locally or permanently distributed, we ni:iy still regard as meeting to some extent our wants, and so mitigating our losses. May the Lord of the harvest quickly assign them to their places, and send forth yet more labourers iuto the harvest.' BALANCE-SHEET. The statement of accounts, read by Mr. W. C. BciK, J.P., Finance Secretary, showed income, including a balance of £29 19s. from previous year, £338 2s. 8d.; expenditure, £366 2s. 2d. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. T. Flint read a very encouraging report, t-howiDg that the circulation had been increased during the year by 100 copie?, and although it was reckoned there would be a Ios3 of £14 in supplying the next eight issues of the present year if the circulation remained as at present, it was hoped that further efforts would result in making the magazine self-supporting. The report proceeded to refer to the objects of the publication and the peculiar advantages it afforded as a means of collecting and dissemi nating information, both local and extra colonial, of special interest to Independents. CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY. Mr. S. Whitmore, the Hon. Secretary, pre sented the accounts up to March 31, showing the following peneral results :— Loans, £1 ,539 6s. 3d. ; interest and rent due, £100 4s.; balance, £76 15s.; entire assets, £1,716 bs. 9d. He also read a statement by Mr. A. Gore, J.P., showing the amounts received and expended in connection with the erection of the church in the Northern Territory. A balance was still owing to Mr. Gore on the account. ministers' provident fund. Mr. J. A. CHARTlF.il, in the absence of the Hon. JR. A. Tarlton, Treasurer of the Ministers' Provident Fund, read the following report : — 'At our last annual meeting the ministers and delegates will remembor that when the report of this fund was presented, vory con siderable disappointment was expre&sud; at tbe want of progress made in raising the amount required to complete the one thou sand pounds necessary to fairly commence operations, and a resolution was carried that unless the an.ount of £1,000 was forthcoming prior to the next annual meeting the project sbouid be abandoned aud subscriptions returned. This resolution having bean remitted to your new Committeo, they appointed three of their members specially to take meaus to accomplish the object desired. It affords me pleasure to announce that by means of personal applications, circu lars, and appeals in the columns of our Maga zine that they have met with a successful response, and that there is now to the credit of that fund (as per statement made up to 31st of March) the sum of one thousand and sixty-one pounds and five pence (£1,061 0j. 5d.). It now becomes necessary, in accordance with the rules, that trustees of tbe fund be appointed at the present annual meeting ; you will therefore be asked to appoint three gentlemen to under take that office, and arrange for the permanent investment of the capital. In conclusion, I would express a hope that this institution may become a valuable one to our denomination, that our pastors will enrol themselves as mem bers, andthat further and continued adequate tupport will bo contributed.' The amount (as per Treasurer's statement) now in hand, including interest, appeared to be £1,065 10s. 4d. UNION COLLEGE. The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL B., having boen called on by the Chairman, said— Union College does not belong specially to this body. Thera are three Churches of Christ that stand con nected with it — the Presbyterian, the Baptist, and the Congregationalism But since we are interested one-third in thU partnership it was deemed advisable that just a word or two should bo said. We have pursued the even tenor of our way. There are two professors or tutors, or whatever they may be called — myself and Mr. Mead. Wo have been delivering lectures weekly as in the two previoas years. The course concerning secular knowledga wa3 handed over to the University, and I am glad to see theie it a probability of vhat being established. We have confined ourselves simply to the original intention in Union College — that of imparting theological knowledge. Mr. Mead undertakes the exigesis of the Greek Testament, and to myself has baen aligned what has been somewhat vaguely termoi ' Biblical and Church History.' During tha past session I passed in review all the various religions of the world that have come into con ?iiLitit auv ptrrto-l with Uan-tittuit.y. Duriug the :ire*ent session I intend to deal with th* tirei * three centuries of the Christian era. The ata dents last session were 25, aud this session in all probability the number will be about the same. I only wish more of our young men would avail themselves of the advantages which the College affords, for although I am somewhat concerned in the teaching, I venture to say that those who attend will reap some benefit, and probably some considerable benfit, by doing ax' A part of a hymn having been sung, the bene diction was pronounced and the proceedings closed. The business meeting will be held to day in the Hindmarsh- square Church, com mencing at 10 o'clock. In the evening there will be a Communion Service in the North Adelaide Church. 