A Mountain in Labour— Great Ex citement. GnEAT excitement and consternation have been created in America by the most extraordinary noises, hcavinge, tremblings, and eruptions of a mountain known as the Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Carolina, which is said to be 'doing missionary worktjn its neighbourhood.' The American rival of Vesupus, as it is alreadv named, has hron ''intp.rvifiweji ' nn^ Vha result communicated to the world. The- shocks, des oribed by the correspondent of the JVcio. Font Herald as 'commencing with a noise like that of a smothered blast, and followed by a low rumbling sound,' are pro ducing a most profound effect upon the inhabitants of the district At a farm-house where the writer halted during his ascent of the mountain he found a crowd of terror-stricken people. One of these, who owed fifty dollars, offered to sell his two cows and a horse for that amount, 'because he did not want to go out of the world owing a cent to[auj man.' And bis feelings are shared by the whole population. Prayer-meetings are held, at which the most extraordinary conversions are made. Those at ' Elliott's house, at the base of Stone Mountain,' are described as of a most enthusiastic na turs. During their continuance, on the fifth day, a singular tcene occurred. ' A nerfect Rio van Winkle appeared in the person of Major Bende, an illicit dk tiller.' The major, 'who carried on his sinful traffic in the very bowels of the mountain, and was seldom Been by humans,' appeared as pale as a ghost, and ex claimed, ' It's coming and thar ain't no use a talkin'. Ef you had b'en shuk as bad as I you wouldn't be a wantin' nothin' but religion.' The old man then told how the rumbling noises determined him to ceme down the mountain, mend his ways, and quit distilling. Thiaking the world was coming to an end, all he wanted was ' a revenue officer to whom he could confess his transgressions against the Government.' But the revenue officers had fled the night before from the same cause. They had attended the meeting, during which 'the severe shocks bo frightened them' that 'they ordered their horses and ' ' put off in a hurry. ' A negro preacher has improved the occasion and made numerous conversions. The only fear is that when danger disappears the converts will return to thsir old ways. With respect to this ' New Vesuvius,' the Ealeigh (North Carolina) correspondent pf'thoifero Tork'TH bunc, writes to that journal, on March 17, as follows : — '?' Passengers from the West, on this morning's train, confirmed the reports of the rumbling noises, and the general up-heaving of Bald Mountain, in Western North Carolina. People living on ani near the moun tain are moving, and a volcanic eruption is expected.' 