New Church at Petrie-terrace. THE ceremony of laying the-corner stone of Christ Church, Petrie-terrace, was performed by Mrs. Tufnell, on Saturday afternoon, Feb. 21\. There was a large number of specta- tore present, and the interest in the proceedings was greatly enhanced by the presence of the choir of St John's, assisted by members of other choirs, which of course rendered the! singing of the dinerent psalms and hymns very pleasing and effective. The proceedings were commenced by the choir of St John's marching from the church at present in use in the Ceme tery to the site of the profjosed new edifice, gingring the hymn, " Onward, Christian Soldier." On their arrival, everything waa placed in order for the laying of the stone. Copies of newspapers of the current date, with a plan of the propsed building, were placed in a cavity under the stone, together with the following inscription, written on parchment:— " In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, this corner stone of Christ Church was laid by Mrs. Tufnell; His Excellency the Most Noble Augustus Constantine, Marquis of Nor manby, Governor of the Colony of Queensland ; tbe Right Rev. Father in God, Edward Wynd ham Tufnell, D.D., by Divine penuission Bishop of Brisbane: on tbe 21st day of February, in the year of oar Lord 1874, being the thirty-ninth year of the reign of Her Moat Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria." After the Bishop had read an appropriate address, and the form of prayer usual on such occasions, the choirs sang the 84th Psalm, Mrs. TtifneU, atnnated by the architect (Mr. Snter), then laid the stone, saying, as she did so, "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this corner atone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost" Another psalm waa then sung, and after several other prayers had been read, the Bishop invited those present to place their offerings on the atone, which they did very liberally, the sum of £137 7s. JOd. being contributed. The Bishop then made a short avddress, stating that he was thank ful he had been permitted, before leaving the colony, to take part in this important ceremony, and it was an event to which both himself and Mrs. Tufnell would look hack with pleasure. He said thischurch,when finished, wouldsupply a want long felt tutd would be of great benefit to a large number of people living around Milton and Petrte-tetrace. It waa very gratifying to witness new churches thus syringing up in our midst, as well as the older ones being enlarged, and he trusted that those who had taken the matter in hand would persevere in their good work until it was completed, when they would then be able to assist others in doing the same. They were all members of one great Christian brotherhood, and should do all they could to help one another. His Loidahip concluded by asking them all, not only to aswist by their alms, but to make the success of the under, taking the subject of their heartfelt and earnest prayers. Afterthesingingof an appropriate hymn, the Bishop pronounced the Benediction, and the trowel used in the ceremony having been pre sented to Mrs. Tufnell by Mr. Lawry, the com pany dispersed. Plans were exhibited of the proposed building, which is to be a substantial edifice, with an open-timbered roof and a circular chanceL Its dimensions wfll be ninety- Aye feet by fifty-four feet, and when finished it will be capable of aotMmiinodating 400 persons. It is to be erected in a very central position, the site chosen being on the high ground just out side the present Church of England cemetery. During the afternoon the children attending the Petrie- terrace Church of England Sunday- school were given a treat in an adjacent paddock (lent by Mr. T. Dowse for the occasion), where they enjoyed themselves until called upon to take part in the above-mentioned ceremony. The provisions for the treat were given by several tradesmen and other friends. 