j ~~ FOUB FßlENDS ' OF MINK. ~. " ' [BY H. X.] BKQINNINO -with rayseif, I may as well maka thi confession that I am a vagabond. The reade: needn't mistake the aense of the term as I use it I don't sleep , in the watcuuouses ! 1 am not ai object of ? interest to the police! and, although ] hare been the recipient of very many unpleasant lectures in my .time, I haye hitherto escaped one from the bench. Still, to make a clean breast ol it, I nm, at the best, no better than I ought to be Inputting forward the admission, there is no wish on my part to flourish niy short comings in tho face of society. I am not a bit the happier, because I nm ostracised. With all tho sorrow and heart-weái that muBt have ruined the angel in Ishmael-thc frey sad Arabian of the bleak birth and floree estiny-I have nothing in common with his spirit of hate and audacious defiance. .To put it in a more succinct way, I bear no grudge against the human community, because that respectable body has kicked me out of all decent doors. On the con- trary, I own the justice of my situation. Still, the wild heart that beatB in the bitter outside Bohemia is sometimes so oppresBod with the burden of its punishment, that all great kind souls would be glad ts sse it break. I once had friends, other than tho four that form the subject of this paper. Old Bobby was ona of the earliost of these-a lame ram-but a flue old. fellow, and a most accomplished thief. Bobby and I were like brothers, and there were obvious and-on the whole-salflsU reasons for our stick- ing to one another. Didn't I-a little man about a yard high-take thrashings for Bob's sake, and steal peacneB for him and scratch tho poor beggar's grizzly head ; and didn't he, in his turn, curry me on many a surreptitious journey, and act war-horse for me, and help me to release Pope's Iliad in countings pitched battles with an old billy-goat, and certain bellicose turkey-cocks ? Of course, it is no wonder that we were chums; and equally of course there is no marvel in the fact that when Bobby went the way of all rams, lie left behind him at least one sincere human mourner. And, ns bnys of a certain temperament often show their grief in peculiar ways, the sympathetic readers will hardly be shocked to hear of a youngster who planted flowers on his pet's grave, and marked its site with a tiny slab, ou which small Angers had carved an. irreverent "Sacred to tho Memory of &c;" A pugnacious.pigeou thut lived with his wife in an old iron pot, waa another of my early friends. In tho grey- mountain home, now only seen through the dusk shadows of past days tina nights, " Big Plague" was by no means the least considerable figure. The poor little waif of thawind that came to us one memorable rainy evening, and sought the shelter of a warm human roof, throve in his new habitation ; and, being provided with a wife and the old iron pot, aforesaid, grew to he a for- midable fellow-the terror of neighbouring pigeons and the Hector of his own fastnesses. Big Pidgee died, full of days ; and, when he was gathered to his forefathers, there were truer tours shed by the young people who buried bim than thor? are az many a more ambitious funeral. Thu other pets of .hildhood were too numerous to be doscribed within the limits of this paper. Amongst thom was there not "Captain" the li ugo affectionate dog, that like a great idle boy was too lazy to work, and that preferred wallaby-hunting to cattle-droving ? Did he not slink off when called upon to " round up" a stray bullock f and did he not announce his block- ade of. an unfortunate bandicoot in a log by pull- ing at my pinafore, and dragging me in the direction of the prisoner ? What dog could bu happier than he was when out on the ridges with companions who, like him, took more delight in fossicking out 'possums and native bears than in trundling lifter oxen and sheep P Then, there was Cog, thu gross magpie that used to stand at tho door of his houoe, looking like a well-fod publican on the qui vive for customers. And last, by no meanB least, was there not the black tom cat, that fancied himself a dog ; and lived with dogs ; and fought -wita them; and killed our neighbour's poodle ; and got me into a precious mess over the affair ? Did he not heir) himself on divers occasions to tho cook's breakfast ; and break into other people's larders ; and at nights, coolly appropriate a cornor of my bud to his own uses ? OE course he did. And was not the dear fellow forgiven for everything ? Ile sleeps his long sleep like the rest of my old favour- ites; and too many of my past human, friends lie ns quietly as he dous. Tho few that are- left, are friends no longer ; and tho face that is dearest and sweetest of all is now tho face of a stranger. Milton painted, as most renders know, five dis- tinct types of devils; and I-with no- Miltonic aspirations however-intend to describe four dis- tinct types of dog. In introducing those gentle- men, one after thu other, let me give the" palm of precedence to Rover, a grizzle old fellow, thut like myself has seen better days. Kovo is the royal ruin of a grand cuttle dog in -whom some sparks of the ancient fire aro slumbering still. A gsave, grey, ragged sort of customer is my friend, with a touch of magisterial dignity about him that gives tone and colour to his manners, and irresistiblj reniinds nie of the pathetic hauteur so frequently preserved by more than one "swell"out of "luck." Still, the old beggar is sometimes off his guard ; and then his exquisite dog-nature leaks out. For example, I am not tho master of the houso : and it is amusing to observe how -well ha and his three companions know it, and how diligently they avail themselves of this kuowledge. Indeed, one of them, Spot (-with an admirable percaption of tho truth) classes mo -with vagabonds Uko him- self ; and they all look upon nie as a necessary sort of " go-between "-a kind of interpreter 'perched halfway betwixt them and their human .food-providers. As to Rover, honest as he is in appearance, he is not above inciting me to thieve,, that is, when the head of tho houso is outland the larder is unlocked. That I yield under such cir- cumstances is hardly to bo wondered at, when the significance of the ? tempter's eye, and tho evil eloquence of his old tail, nre taken into consideration. Rove is "up to snuff" in most things ; andi is not easily duped by appearances. When he sees the household iieculiarly dull and well-dressed, he assumes that t is Sunday, and goes to sleep .in his nook by the wood heap. There is a ferry between our house and the township ; and when my friend's master mounts his aid mare and saunters towards it, crowned with a certain hat. Rover ut once grasps the situation, and says to himself-"That is not his town dress : he is merely going to- the punt." On these occasions ho follows him.; but, being a | gentleman well on in years, and knowing well the state of his ears, and the- bellicose habits nf town dogs, he never undertakes the louger journey. Not that Rover is a coward,.on the contrary, he was at ono time the Achilleaof local dogs-a. great four footed Meleager, that never stopped to consider the she of his antagonist, but went into him at once. And even in these days,, wheni the step of age is in his gait, when his jawèaro toothless, and his ears sore -with old war -wounds, be is by no means a safe customer for the canine tribe to trifle -with. Only a few mouths ago, big Kangy had a taste of his quality ;. and that bulIy"Spot, so quick to rob Darkie and others of thoir bones, never attempts to meddle with Rover and his meal. But the veteran has arrived at the years when dogs see the vanity of'fighting:;: and, consequently, he jogs along on the prinoipie of " you leave me alone, and I'll leave you alone !"' Darkie and Spot aro great tom-boya; but Rover-sensible fellow that lie is -is above sky- larking, and the other follies of canine youth; and may bo seon trotting forward on his dally rambles with all tho gravity and precision of an elderly parson. There are very many other peculiarities about my favourite. Ile knows the properties of a fowling-piece ns well as I do, «. Andi when t cook a trigger. Ho makes himself from tall to oar Au admiradlo figure." As to game, he ia a glutton after it ; and every- thing is fish that comes to his not-from the walla- roo, down to the miserable littlu -wood rat. He burrows with his old nose after a contemptible lizard, and kicks up tho same row over lt that ho does when.the catching of a dingo is the question nt issue. And talking of fish, I must remark that Rovo-has an insane notion that he is a born fisher- man-an idea which tho ill-success of his efforts in thia line ought to have dissipated long ago. But, for all that, my dog is a clean- headed member of socioty ; and sometimes I cannot help thinking that this -poor half-blind lover of tho human race, this pathetically dumb friend that saved his 'master's life in the frost, ha» as much right to a soul na I haye. . Spot ls a dog of another colour, in more sanaos of the phrasé thou one. There is something decidedly V plebian about Spot; in fact, li» is A bit. °f » Tga bond. Being in the prime of life, h*9 iB> ne« tó Kangj*, the strongest and swiftest o- W f0** friends; but he has little of the downrig.'0* Pluc^ of Rover ; and his resolution to ' or to leave it alone, is generally stfeter mined by the size of his opponent. Tfrf .ls ns I have just said, a bit of a Vngabond ; and, yrhett. sauntering along -with the gentlemanly Kangy, he is not unlike that fast type of colonial society who swaggers through the world with a lop-sided belt -his greasy cabbage-tree hat on tbe back of his head and the string of it fastened under his nose. Still, to give Spot his due, he is hardly -without his good roints. I have never heard of a theft of his ; and know him to be a capital fellow after cattle, and ns gcod n dog after any game not too formidable for his courage as ever took to the bush. With Rover well up, he doesn't evon mind a run on the heels of dingoes ; but I am bound to confess that lie wouldn't like to try that pastime when alone. Spot, let me add, was born n little earlier than the day before yesterday ; and is, consequently, a dog not very easily taken in. Like Rover, he knows where the larder is ; and lie comprehends also -which pot holds beef for canine consumption, and which does not. He was once caught by the paw in a dingo- trap; aud the result is that the sight of bait hanging in a'tree makes him kshun a certain area at the foot of it. Spot, JI must repeat, is an j excellent hunter ; but, being aware that Kangy is swifter than himself, he is dishonest enough to sponge after him on the scent ; and it is hinted that many of my friend's dinners are due to the big dog's superior agility.- But this has never been proved ; and I am willing to give Spot the benefit of the doubt with more alacrity, I probably, than Kangy showed -when giving him the benefit of the meal. There is one thing however about thin dog that I don't like-and that is his unblushing way of indicating to strangers the habits of his friends. I'or instance, Spot's master sometimes goes into town, and so do I. It very often happens that when we do, the day is hot ; and, as heat produces thirst, the in- telligent reader -will not blame us when he hoars that we have been thirsty ; mid that on such I occasions we have cooled our coppers at local inns. I But, because Spot bas seen us do this, is it fair on his pnrt to swagger on in front o£ us, -whon wo are riding with Miss So-nnd-so, or tho Rev. Mr. What's- ; his-nnme. and pull up at every " pub" he comes ; to ? Ii it honest, or even gentlemanly of him to 1 stick his impudent paws iii the doorway of a tap- ¡ room and announce to our shocked companions- j as plain as tail and ears cnn announce it-that -WP, : as well as himself, aro in the habit of going inside { tho place P Of course, it is not ! Therefore, I say, Spot, is a humbug. J Darkie, the next on my list, is a dog, sui generis. I He is the youngest and smallest of my four f riends ; but, if a big pompous bark and a never-resting anxiety to bo after pigs and other such small deer constitue importance, then he is the most consider- able of them all. Darkie is a sheepa dog out of iuck, for lie has no sheep to exercise) his talents upon ; and consequently he is obliged to -wusto his grand gifts of voice upon such contemptible things ns culves, cocks, porkers, shadows, &c.; Like all his breed, he lins no fight in him ; but, when supported by Spot or Rover, he possesses ii j happy facility of persuading strangers-canine or human-that lie is just about the "biggest" dog out. A capital sentinel ia Darkie-so fur as bark- ing, goes; but at the same time, ho cries out "wolf" too often. Even-Spot is aware of this; and when the moonless night makes a silence in tho forest nnd the great hills surrounding our isolated homestead " dusk" into featureless mightiness, the running finnie of barks, kept up ; by my black friend, are rarely evor noticed. For i " Tho puppy In the dork [ Will start at crickets' chirring ; Hut when wo hear tho old dog bark ire know there's somethtiiH stirring." Just so. Let the officious youngster bo over so . officious, there'is nobody in-the house fool enough i to leave his chair for him. But when the honest ; voice of the veteran Rover, breaks through the 1 stillness, we open the door and listen, because there i is never any mistake about Mi -warning. Still, Darkie's loquacity has its usos. For example, 1 when the dingoes are about, yelling on the hills : and prowling under the cover of night after the calves, the big important bark of tho young hum- . bug has a capital effect. Thon, -when Rover-in : age ni in youth, tho one grand Hector of his Troy , -goes out into the bush to meet the danger, and , while Spot keeps up an outcry in the rear of the < old dog, tho voice of Darkie, proceeding from a < lather "white-livered" body, crouched close to the ? door, strikes terror into the ranks of the enemy. < The truth is, the warrigals know Rover and Spot, ' and have a fair estimato of their respective ubili- ! ties; but. ns may be assumed, they have never j seen Darkie, and are foolish enough to infer from - his bark that he is some gigantic dog in a hurry to j tackle and grindup the wholecrewof thom. Under ] this impression, they generally "clear out;"and 1 therefore, I repeat, Darkie's special gift has I its uses. That he is a very fair imitution i of a pretender, I am willing to admit ; but I 1 should like the captious reader to bear in mind 1 that -without bunkum oven biped society in j these days would fnll to pieces. As things are J constituted now, it isn't tholoudest talker that is , the least effective man. Nevertheless my favourite , gets enough censure on account of his failings, i But I, who could forgive him for graver offences, i am always glad to take up-his cause. Poor little < beggar! There are many worse things in life than i tho lilack nose that is polled into my lap and the 1 great pathetic eyes that are asking so eloquently ! for a bit bf bread. j What shall I Bay abou& Kangy-tho fourth of 1 my four friends P He is, ns his name indicates, a < kangaroo dog ; but where, he carno from, and how 1 his present proprietor became possessed of bim, it \ is not for me to say. It is clear, however, that he is a full-blooded nristocrat, for a more gentlemanly -j dog-in mero appoaranco, murk you-it \ has not boen my good fortune to meet, i Everybody admits nt least tho nobility t of his exterior. Even Pud, the most i verdant unsophisticated Irishman that ever i was pitchforked into Australia there to growl nt « the "unnatural coorse wfurrin things," declares 1 that Kangy is as " fine a lump iv a hound as iver 1 yo sot eyes on." But this dog is, after alL nothing Î more than a well dressed swindler. And, as the t rogue of a higher order of being so often deceives " riaopla by means of a good coat, it is not to bo c -wondered at that Kangy once decoivod his master ] into tho belief that his habits were as handsome aa t his looks. Under this impression, the said master c took him into town with a view of parading him I about, and what was the result P Simply this, I Knngy'a proud proprietor was billod by Smith for 1 beef stolen; by Brown for crockoryware broken; " by Jones for a fine ham ruined ; and by Robinson, J and the rest of them, for other thofts and damages, t "If you bring that sanguinary hound here again," % says Smith, " I'll shoot him." " I'll hong him," says c Brown, " The dog: wants drowning," ejaculates i Jones. And so say Robinson and the rest of them. 1 Can the position of the master be moro terrible T I nnd will tho reader withhold his sympathy from 1 him when he hoars that Kangy is. not to bo shaken c off-that like tho olU man in the story of Sinbad, I ho clings to his victim and follows him wherever ( bo goes. The result is that both dog and owner r¡ are voted public nuisances; and-it affords little j pleasure to tho latter to know that his c appearance.. .. in tho village is now at I all; times so unfailingly productive of j irate matrons and menacing broomsticks. Knngy'a 1 character,however, would'nt bearsucb a darkaspect S if be were to bohavelike aa honest dog at home. * -But, even under his own roof* he cannot keep bis r paws off eggs. He is, to. put it bluntly, nn incor- c rigible egg-thiof. I do my bOBt to defend him on ¿ this point, urging, amongst other 'things, that he g has as much right to the oval delicacy as wo havo ; 0 but Bob, the lop-sided youngster who has to look n after the fowls, doesn't see it. When I explain o that the eggs belong to- the hon ; and that, from a 2 hen point of view, we are thievos os well aa tho dog. J: Bob only laughs his contempt in my face. " Better * call him Mr. Kangy,*: snys Bob, .« and let him Bleep , " with you." This sarcasmthoa painful pertinence. | Kangy once did sleep-with me, namely, on that, memorable night when I and n bottle of grog lost t our way In the bush. Still, I don't see why the ' past should not be the past. ' ... J This dog, like some mon that I have hoard of, has - 7 a great reputation for hoing ablo to do something which I cannot assert he has ever dono. People look - nt him and say " That's tlveboy for wallabies " ; but 8 lam not so eure that he is the boy. "A dingo," exclaims Jew. WellB, " wouldn't have the ghost of a. sliöW "with him." Still, I have seen dingoes cet away with even the great Kangy on their trail. Xiv Italian friend, Signor Poggi.pats him on the back and remarks "Zia doggo verra good for ze 'possum." So ho is, when tho tack of eating 'possum is the question ai issue. but Z have never seen him catch one. When that unlucky plebian, Spot, turns up with garrie, he is immediately cbargod with theft from the big doe. - -idough it is very possible that Kangy has so' mor» "S'l* *° it than I have. Still, he gets tbs ciedit, i.^thB "on8 8hare of tllB 8P9'1: and theta, to Spot'» iv'scom^or'' *n" matter ends. Let me "°w give Kangy ma due. He is tho swiftest, find s't.lieart one of the bravest, of nw four friends. WC intelligence is almost equal to that possessed by BV^er i and a mora affectionate nature than' ilia never tenanted (log's body. He may steal eggs ; but I am aura that he would lay down his life for his master. Sinea the foregoing was written, my faithful Kangy-the fleet, bright, I strong hunter-has been cut off. He was killed by I the poison of those terrible insects, the ticks. Hy poor chum ! Pull of love to the last for those that loved him ; ho wagged his tail in Iiis agony, and ' died with an almost human expression m his eyes. Here I must draw to a close, and put the pen by, While I write, the solemn sound of heavy remote waves come across tho Hats; and there is a voice of the old day» in that plovor's cry, back there in the mournful marsh. The night, with all its forest noises, is gliding up the hill, just ns it uBed to doj but the new time lins como ; and there is not even a wisp of hair or a lotter loft to mp of the dear doad past. There are moments when the triod heart turns bitter thinking o£ thiB deprivation ; but then it often happens that some touching movement ou the part of one or another of my four friends re- stores my humanity to me, and makes me a lovst of this fair world again. And honce I grieve for my species when I think of the silent beautiful affection of the dog-the love so steadfast amidst the worst vicissitudes of lifo, and so persistently underrated'by the object on which it is bestowed 