THE FARM AND GARDEN. JUDGING AT OUIt STOCK EXHIBITIONS. (To the Editor of the Sydney Mail,) Sir— The method of judging stock ot bur pastoral and agricultural shows bus almost always been unsatisfactory, and in smno in stances the awards have been most outrageous mistakes; nor can this bo wondcrod at when wo look ot the stylo of man on whom this 'dis ngrocahlo duty generally devolves, ns in many cares tho judge appoiotcd is chosen more for tho position ho holds, or his assurance, than from any peculiar education or adaptability ho may have for tho position; and also there havo been oases in which the real judge, from not being constitutionally a determined man, has been outvoted or overruled in hi9 decisions by eoinoof tho kind of judgoa .above-mentioned. AVith n view to put this last kind of judge on n fair footing, and also to try and give the | public greater confldonco in the fairness of tho i uwards, t propose n plan, which, if carried out by an encrgetio secretary nod committee, might bo worth tho trial. The proposition is to send each judge Into the ring or pen separately, and when ho arrives at his conclusions to band his award in writing to the official in attendance. On his retiring from tbo ring, sond another jitdgo to go through a similar performance. If tho two agrco in their awards, I tako it there can bo no cavilling ; if they do not agree, send a third judge to, and so on. until thcro is n majority of votes in farour of ooo exhibit. To carry out this plan correctly, it would, if possible, bo as well that tho judges in cacli class'should hnvo as little knowledge of, or as little communication with, each other as po.«- fiiblo. until tho iudchnr was comnlntnL 0\. T. Baoot. Armidale.' ' _ Referring to tho nbore, tho ' Sydney Mail' obsorvos;— Thoro will ho found in this issue a lottor from Mr. C T. Bigot, of Armidale, ou Cottlo Judging. It scorns that the same plan has occurred to him that was brought by Mr. James Wbito from America, whore ho found it itrfall and satisfactory operation, has.eeu advocated in there columns soveral times, and proposed by Mr. Lowe for adoption by tho -Agricultural Society of New South Wales, At loast it is tho same in principle, tho aim being to secure tho individual opinion of each' ; judge, instead of. tho oggregato opinion of tho jury. Wo much prefer tho mode, however, as detailed by Mr. White. Tn America ho in formed its that three judges went into the ring attended by the steward of section. They generally sit benoath a tent, and tho cattle were brought before them. Each opinion was formed without confcrcnco. Whilo the ex- ntnination was goiog on there was oo confer ence, and when it was done each judge wrote down Iris award and handed jt to the steward A referee was appoiotcd in case of need. Tjio strongest objection to this plan is that it crosses tho old sayings — "Two heads are hotter than ono," and " Tho'ro is strength in numbers." If a pun wero nllowablo on suoh a ' serious' subjoct, botbof'tbem might be neu tralised by tbo following— " Unity is strength." 'It canoot be denied, however," joking apart, that individual mistakes and prejudices aro often corrected in tho ring whero conference obtains, as well as tnido. There is this, at all cvonts to be said in favour of the plao— that ' it succeeds in America, amongst a very cute practical pooplo. What suits them might suit us, and as our prcseot method is allowed to bo open to .improvomeot, the improvor may be such ns our correspondent and others point out. While' tho priza system continues wo should never bo content with anything that eioacks of partiality or fsultincss, TREATMENT OF PLEUROPNEUMONIA. BIr. Lowo road the following paper, by Mr. Donald Campboll, on inoculation for pleuro pneumonia, at tho August meeting of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales : "When I first began to iooculate on this river (tho Richmond), wo obtained the virus from the lungs, and, although wo wero very 'careful in trying to get virus iu tho best stage \vo possibly could, wo suffered ninny great losses, on account of tho animals suffering from ;tbo swelling of tails and body. After con tinuing inoculating for two year, some of my /neighbours as well aa myself began to imagine that the euro was as fatal as tho disease; but, after I began to inoculato with vims from the chest, 1'found little or no losses. I would say ono per oent. would cover all Still, I did not feel satisfied in my own mind' that tbe chest virus was as effectual as that taken from the 'lungs until I saw our neighbours' cattle on , every . side, which hail not been inoculated, .dying in numbers; while our cattle, which 'bsd'bcen inoculated, were in good health and doing well. "There should be great eare to pet what we call chest virus, as the -beast should bo taken in tbo proper stage, and taken as quietly as possible, and not allowed to run or knock itself about beforo being .rilled. Tbe best plan is to -shoot the beast through tho forohead, and paunch from tbe lungs aod tbe ibeart ' wbco opened, in inauy instances -discloses # great quantity of fluid substances «:Uii?U ftine j people might be opt to take for .ghost tftruq, | but which is of no use fur juooulutuorpurpwie, ! being too fluid aod too weak. JS ut .if itbu beast has been fat, the lungs will :hove.«ptnp- thing covering them in the form of alhon-i comb, which coutuius very good virus. Tiwe | is also a skin covering the heart .in ;tlc.tibnpc j of a pocket, which ofteo contains rtbo very ibwt ; of virus, and from which .frequently <puc tip two buttles of virus cau be obtained. TiUns j should bo the colour of sherry, or .rather mp | amber colour. I would uover ;pse rtwue j squeezed from the lungs if T could obtw'ipidbefft i virus. I have kept a euiall vial of -cheat otfru j for six weeks, preserved jo glycerine,, And : inoculated over halfof the milkers' .crilves'Ath ! this preserved virus, aud the other ibalf'Wiijtb | fresh virus. I watched tbatu carefully, rood ll found tho preserved virus had equally tihe same effect «» the frctih virus, only ifihot -wfijili ; tho former I used tho needle oou .worHtpue | I thought it might not be so strong <io iita ; effect us the fresh virus. I never uscunyjtUing j but tho lance, or the knife; as lit lie itnore : commonly called, when I am .iooculotiogutfi.Sli fresh chest virue, though if the weather .warp , cold, it would be desirable to use -tbe -.needle i and worsted. ! "I would always prefer /rerii to preserved j virus when obtainable, tut I should .iriwoy j keep soino preserved jn glyceriuc, iu.r Jeiirrtif not having aoy wheu required. Al'hou obttrin' able, it can generally be got in larger -q unti- 1 titles tbon can be used while it keeps goodap I thut a store can be provided for future ;uae- ! Before I proved the goodness of tho preserved j virus I often hod to throw owoy coiiritferyWp ; quantities. Usually virus will not ;keep good ! for more than three days; but putriugesiiuudli | in a small bottle as would be usodiip .&'dpy>| corking tbo bottles air-tight, und placing ithciu in a bucket of cold water under a dtpdytopg,! or lowering the bucket ioto a well, iUithe ibent | method of keeping the virus good iifl ihpt weather. | " I never knew a beast affected with Tplputp j in tho proper stage for giving good .virus that j could he driven for half a mile, -though ;itiin>gl«t! straggle a short distance in its uwu idUecSiou.. I A beast that would give tho proper virus jis i easily detected without driviogiit uhout,».-nnd | the quicker an animal is t&kcu; ibe .bpttgr Ul j be the virus. | " In conclusion, I thoroughly believe iiu fuv j oculation, and I tbiok it is a great rpiiyihnti all Btockowncrs arc not induced or compelled j to inoculate, for I am sure that :the -country ( will never get rid of pleuro-pnenmotiia iUPj$ i inoeulaiion is made compulsory." ! Tho chairman and several other :tncmbcrsA(f| tho council expressed themselves .fprourullle j to inoculation as a remedy for pleuco-pneu- 1 monia. | Wo (' Sydney Mail,' August 1X> ) 'pplilidh rP ! letter this week from Mr. James .Harrison,, .pj gentleman ivho bos given some attention ttoj silk-culture, and we lueutiou the fuot .hocanse | those who are similarly employed tuay lliketto i correspond with him, cither through <owr columns or privately. The specimens of ibii art forwarded to this office ate excellent, und may be viewed by any ooe iutorcsted, iiu rmijih things. The cocoons are thoAe -of/the ibu.ff worm, and of very fair size, quality, -and . wpiglrt- His experience, as detailed to his .neighbours at Kiomo, will be given next week. Any tin- 1 formation of a like kind will be gladly ;reoqi,cod.. The season is approaching ;for the .cniutncuec- mont of operations; tho leaf js loolring fits rap- j pcaraoco, sod then comes the worm. UHmtc ; is no time now to begin planting jpulbcr.ryiftu j a large scale, but we hope ibut -thcApbjout -wUl ' not be forgotten at tho uiectiug6 of tthe &gf;!> , cultural Society. 