A MUSICA I, GHOST. TUE following ig related bj* tlie BENDIOO AOVEUTIBEII, on tho authority of a roliable person, but that journal gives a CAUTE HL-AHOHE to its vendors to beliovó it or not :-" A gontle nian well knowu in Sundhursfc as a dealer in furniture, whom wo will call Lamb, at whoso establishment many an article has been "popped "by needy persons, recently sold a piano that ho hud received as a pledgo to an equally well known speculator, whom we will call Smith. It so happened that within a week after the piano had boen disposod of, Lamb de partod this lifo rather suddenly, and was duly I buried, Smith lind had tho piano removed to his_ parlour. Ono night recently ho had rotirod to bod, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, nt about two o'clock in tho morning, ho wns suddenly awakened by loud and continuod playing on his piant, which ho previously locked socureiy. Ho rushed down stairs for tho purposo of reprimanding the sup- posed individual, when to his great horror aud omazoinont ho observed, ns ho says, thc ghost of his deceased uncle walk directlj and flrmlj from tho pinno right through tho front door. Boing_ horribly frightened, ho lost no timo in rotracing lu's steps upstairs. His bettor half was not nwokoned by tho first porformnnco on tho pinno, which consisted of a Bcloction from Handel's Messiah ¡ but Smith had not long been in bod beforo the strains woro resumed, tho selection this timo being from Mozart's Gloria-the Twelfth Mass, in which thoro oro sevoral doop nnd striking notes. Smith heard all this, and after mentally abusing tho pinno ho resolutely took rofugo in tho arms of Morpheus. His wife was nwnkenod by tho music, and im- mediately screamed out, and endeavoured to arouse her husband, but such scorned to bo nu impossibility, and sho herself rosolvod to go downstairs nod ascertain tho emiso of this un uHunl musical entertainment. On reaching tho room, her bewilderment was greater than tlmt of Smith, she haviug observed tho samo identical man, nod under precisely tho same circum- stances, In a- frau lie stnto of oxcitomont sho rusbod upstairs, and Bucceodcd in arousing Smith, and informed him of whnfc sho had seen. Next morning ho dctormijod to get rid ol'tho awful instrument. Ho succeeded in doing so, but whether tho samo pcrfoi'mnneo has hoon ropontodat tho houso of tho individual lowborn ho Bold it or not he is not in n position to say. Young ladies, and by-thc-by, elderly ones too, ure frequently prevented from learning some useful art, becnuse of thu difficulties thut they hnvc to overcome. This wns thc raison why the Sewing Machino at first was not popular or in general use, and certainly there M'as good reasons for such u statu of things. But now thu " 1 tonic Shuttle Sewing Machino," imported by M. Moss mid Co., ol'Sydney (whose nnmo is on every genuine Machine), has removed all such difficulties. This Machine, which is thu cheapest of all others, nnd tho most elegant and durable, is so simple that a child, of eight years can, after a few minutes practico, work it with perfect enso nod sew all tlmt might bc required in a lnrge household. Auv. Tho lnnds of thc Into Mr Willinm Fcrnuul, of Bathurst, wore sold on Wednesday, _ by Messrs. Read, Croaker mid Co., nnd realised £1022. 