THE REREDOS IN EXETER CATHEDRAL. [From The Times, April 17th.] The Judgment we reported yesterday as I delivered by the Bishop of Exeter, acting on the advice of Mr Justice Keating, upon the new Reredos in Exeter Cathedral, has an interest far beyond that of the case itself. If it be sustained on appeal, one of the most popular of modern ecclesiastical ornaments will become illegal, and a large number of Churches 'a i well as Cathedral?, will be obnoxious to its censure. The Reredos, or screen behind the altar, erected in Exeter Cathedral in 1823, was a solid screen with com- partments extending across the whole of the choir, and having inscribed upon it the Ten Com- mandments, according to law and custom. But two gentlemen at Exeter munificently offered to replace it by a more artistic structure, and an elaborate design, by Sir Gilbert Scott, was adopted. The Dean and Chapter accepted the offer, and did not think it necessary to apply for a Faculty from the Bishop. Archdeacon Phillpotts, however, the Chancellor of the Diocese, inheriting, perhaps, a passion for litigation, petitioned the Bishop to exercise his visitorinl power, and to inquire into the legality of the now erection. A preliminary objection was raised to the right of the Bishop to exercise any such power, but it was at once overruled. It is, indeed, hard to believe that it was more than formally urged and that the Dean and Chapter can have seriously intended to contest the right of the Bishop to visit his own Cathedral. A graver question, though also only preliminary, to the main point at issue, was whether the Dean and Chapter had a right to erect any such structure as the Reredos without a Faculty from the Bishop. Some one has said that the most powerful person in a Cathedral is the Verger, that the dean and chapter have rather more power, but that the Bishop is the weakest of all the dignitaries. There is, however, no doubt that the Dean and Chapter are the real custodians of the Cathedral, and they have an historic claim to a considerable degree of independence. A Cathedral, however, is really the central Parish Church of the Diocese, and it would be strange if a control, which a Bishop can exert over every other Church within his jurisdiction should be denied him in that which is peculiarly his own. There was no saying, indeed, before- hand what special customs or rights might affect a Bishopric which dates from before the Conquest, but if the Dean and Chapter possessed any such exceptional privileges they have since been abolished. The Judge accordingly was of opinion that no power existed to make alterations in the Cathedral without a Faculty from the Bishop, and that consequently,' on this ground alone, the erection of the Reredos was illegal. But the want of a Faculty was an error of procedure which might, no doubt, have been rectified. The more substantial question remained whether the Reredos was not itself an illegal structure, and it is this portion of the judgment which carries the important consequences of which we have spoken. The Reredos is described by the Judge as consisting of " three compartments, the centre one being very much elevated above the others, and rising to a point from which springs on a pedestal a very beautiful and highly ornamented cross, with two angels on pedestals, one on either side. Immediately below the arch of the compartment, and in a separate richly ornamented frame, is a figure of our Saviour ascending, and looking upwards, with hands extended sufficiently to exhibit the stigmata. This figure is in alto relieve, with an angel on each side in an attitude of adoration. Below the frame is a group of smaller figures, representing apostles in different attitudes of wonder and adoration. _ The lower compartment on the right contains figures of the apostles on the Day of Pentecost, with tongues like as of fire on their heads, while the Holy Ghost, represented by the figure of a dove, hovers over them. That on the left represents the figure of our Lord as transfigured, with M0BO8 and Elias on either hand, and the three apostles in front A marble boss or column at each end of the Reredos supports the figure of an angel on a pedestal. All the figures are small. The figure of our Saviour in the centre, considerably the largest is not more than three feet high. The whole is elaborately and beautifully carved, and richly, and, indeed, prof usely.gommod and ornamented with coloured marbles." Now, the question raised was whether a structure of this kind does not violate the law which prohibits " Images " in churches. The Judge discussed at some length the history of the enactments, or Royal ordinances, which from the reign of Henry VIII. downwards, were directed against these favourite ornaments of the Roman Catholic usage. The historic significance of such enactments is certainly of considerable consequence in estimating the practical bearing at the present day of the existing prohibi- tions. But, so far as the mere law of the case is concerned, be observed that even the respon- dents' Counsel did not seriously argue that " images" in churches are not prohibited. They only ventured to contend, first, that the figures complained of were not images within the mean- ing of the prohibition, on the ground that they were not quite separated from the structure, but were in aua-rtlkvo and secondly, that even if each figure by itself were as Image," yet being grouped with other figures intoxicate. I tured representation of three historical scenes, I they lost the obnoxious character. Both plots I was overruled by the Judge. He observes, indeed, that in this particular case the figures of the angels are detached, and would properly be called statuettes, but it would have been of but slight importance if this had been the only point he condemned. He maintains that there can be no real distinction between figures in altogether which are attached to the main structure at the back, and statuettes which are attached to it at the feet. With regard to the second plea, he again expresses a doubt whether, even if admitted, it would cover the particular structure in question ; but he proceeds to express an opinion that it is essentially invalid. If a single Image be unlawful, it cannot, he considers, be made lawful by associating it with others, and he quotes a case in which a " Cal- vary," consisting of an image of the Saviour on the Cross with the Virgin and St. John on each side, was condemned without appeal. The result is that, on principle, independently of the special character of the Reredos in question, nil groups of sculpture in oîfo-rcîietio representing the great events of our religion are Held to be unlawful in Churches. If this prove to be the law, it will undoubtedly have a somewhat startling affect. Architectural j ornaments of this nature are, as we have said, very common. Many a quiet Parish Church I has, for instance, a relief representing such scenes as the Last Supper over the Communion table, and the prohibition would doubtless extend to numbers of ornaments in other positions, hitherto deemed harmless. If extreme Protestants think it worth while they might succeed, on the authority of such an interpretation of the law, in procuring the demolition of number- less relics of old art which escaped the Reform- ing zeal of their predecessors. The Judge, indeed, thinks that the figures, sometimes grotesque and sometimes serious, which appear on the base of a column, or interwoven with a tracery pattern over a door, all of ancient date, would probably receive more consideration than images of our Saviour and his Apostles placed above the Altar in the position used in Romish Churches for the purpose of honouring the altar of sacrifice supposed to exist there. But, even with this exemption, the prohibition, as interpreted by the Judge, would extend very far, and might create grave dissatisfaction in the minds of the lovers of ecclesiastical art. If such is the law, it may be very difficult in these days to procure any modification of it, and it is only to be hoped that the example of Archdeacon Phillpotts will not be widely followed. But it will be generally felt that in the present day such a prohibition goes a great deal too far. The Reformers had to contend against an actual idolatry. Images were really worshipped, and their complete removal was absolutely essential if the mass of the people were to be raised to a more spiritual conception of religion. But no such extreme danger exists in the present day and it is hard to see on what consistent ' principle one of the most graceful forms of art can be excluded from ecclesiastical architecture. What is the difference in principle or in practical effect between a representation of the Crucifixion or the Ascension in a stained glass window over the Altar and a representation of the same events in alto relieve immediately below 1 The former is the most frequent of all ornaments of Churches, and it is much more conspicuous than the latter. No doubt such ornaments may be abused, and the practice introduced by the Ritualists of carrying in procession banners with pictorial representations is not more illegal, certainly far more objectionable, than the erection of any real works of art in a Church. But on appeal it may be more carefully considered whether the second plea which the Judge overruled does not contain a real distinction. Is there no difference between a figure put forward prominently as of intrinsic significance and a ' sculpture which simply recalls an historic occur- ¡ rence The effect upon the mind of a Crucifix and of a sculpture representing the Crucifixion would seem very different. It may be difficult to draw such a distinction legally, but if it can be so drawn it would, we think, correspond to a true distinction in practice. If, indeed, our people are so superstitious that a sculptured representation of Leonardo da Vinci's picture of the Last Supper would provoke them to idolatry, we do not know that laws of any kind are of much use. But we do not believe there is any occasion for the exaggerated precautions necessary three centuries ago. So long as no attempt is made to symbolize a superstitious doctrine, it is equally injudicious and unnecessary to exclude the best forms of art from our Churches, and we trust that on appeal some escape may be found from the difficulty which this litigation has aroused. 