THE CHURCH IN ENGLAND. Since the disestablishment of the Irish Church gave an impetus to the destructive agencies of Mr. Miall and his party, and the extreme ritualists have signified an indifference to State-connection, the fate of the English Establishment has become a common topic even with friendly critics. The following remarks from great leaders of opinion will be read with interest :— Bishop Ellicott on the DANGERS which Threaten the Church of England — The sermon at the reopening of Trinity Church, Hotwells, was founded on Ps. xlviii. 12, ' Walk about Zion, gu ruuuu nvvuij utJi ; leu me tuwciB iiuaeui. oi.i.uci iij.i;iuuuubiu.jr remarks, suggestive of the parallel between the material and . spiri tual of the Church, he came to the question — What would seem to be the principal dangers which now threaten the Church of England 1 The answer would seem to be — that the Church is exposed to three great and increasing dangers. First, there is the danger arising from the open foe — from those who are now concentrating every energy to bring about the separation of our Church from the State. Secondly, there is the danger — in part within the Church and in part without it — arising both from the tendency to set aside the Holy Scriptures as an ultimate authority, and from that increasing disbelief in the supernatural which is now culminating in the denial of the per sonality of God, and is assuming all the most serious characteristics of anti-Christian error : ' He is Antichrist that denieth the Father and the Son.' This second danger there is, now slowly developing itself, telling the man of science that the teaching of the Catholic Church is human speculation and human dogmatism transmitted through ages of darkness and error, consoling the worldly man with the thought that sin, after all, is not sin, but only an imperfection and shadow ; suggesting to the unspiritual and unholy that there may be rectifications in another sphere on which Scripture is silent ; holding out to the cold and indifferent peaceful futures which revela tion has never disclosed, and ultimate adjustments of which the Bible has never given the faintest hope. The Book of Life has ceased now with many to be the Book of final appeal. And with the. weakened faith in that Book all else has become changed and modified. That mystery of the soul, conviction of sin, is regarded as a mere state of morbid self-consciousness ; that holy and correlative truth on which all personal religion ultimately turns — the yearning for a Saviour and Redeemer — even that, which to tens of thousands has been the only struggling ray of light amid the deepening dark ness, even that is now resolved by modern thought into mere emotion and idealism. This danger, great and prevailing, was yet small in comparison with that arising solely from within, and each year more real and aggravated — that strange retrograde movement towards the errors and superstitions which 300 years ago we seemed to have cast away for ever : — This is certainly the greatest danger to the Church of England as a community, and I will be bold also to say the greatest to the individual soul, because so specious and seductive, and so strangely in harmony with all those mysterious movements of self will which are now to be traced with melancholy clearness in' the lives and conversation even of the devoted and the religious. There is probably no more baffling phenomenon at the present time than the manifestation of the spirit of autonomy and self- will in lives often marked by an earnestness and personal surrender to God's work which the church has not witnessed since the days of Wesley and Whitefield. So concealed is the real origin of this danger that we perhaps commonly fail to estimate the danger itself in its true nature and characteristics. We see ' the consequences, but we rarely feel able to analyse the spiritual movements which lead to them. What is the soul-spring of all those developments which, under the forms of ceremonialism and veiled Romanism, are now threatening to carry us back into twilight and shadows which the mysterious outburst of spiritual light and life that marked the era of the Reformation seemed finally to have dissipated ? . . .I answer at once and unhesitat ingly- -The desire of power over the souls and spirits- of men. This principle, that has wrought so much woe in this world, that has shown itself so often, and in so many and startling manifestations — this principle, against which the Church of England successfully protested at the time of the Reformation, is now returned, and is showing itself in varied forms, all preparative and preclusive to some . fuller development. . ... Many a man into whose soul this subtle form of temptation has silently .entered will undertake any amount . of personal labour, will manifest almost any and every form of self denial, if only at length power over souls may be secured and re cognised. What matter a, hard life, days of toj.1 and. nights of watch . ing, if acknowledged power over the souls of others can at last be grasped, and the pale and worn minister can be verily regarded as the very closer and opener of the doors of heaven — the medium between the soul and its Saviour, the bringer down of his very Lord upon the table before which he is standing, and the holder of the soul-secrets of /the majority of those grouped around him ? Before such dread spiritual temptations, and such unperceived but really motive-springs of action, all mere outward details seem to fade away into insignifi cance. If this be the active principle of the movement..... then I think not one word that I have said as to the magnitude of this third danger, whether to the church or to the individual, can be deemed as in the slightest degree exaggerated. Imagine, only for one moment the peril if such a temptation should succeed in obtaining a place in the souls of our younger men, and if that temptation should be be: ,. fostered by 'the earnestness — 1 will not say superstition — of the more enthusiastic of those to whom he may .minister. What is the meaning of the feeling that was distinctly alluded to at the recent Church Congress? — the feeling that there is a growing want of, harmony between the clergy and laity. ? Such a feeling is no imagination. By the -position I occupy I see much both of clergy and laity, and I do not hesitate to record mj own personal opinion, founded on very close observation, that such a feeling not only exists, but is quietly increasing. Whenever I try to ascertain from the more cultivated , their own view of the true cause of this growing estrangement, I commonly have found the estranged state of feeling referred to the self -assertory action of the clergy in matters of ritual, and to the attempt, as it has been occasionally described to me, to remove the Church of England from her ancient moorings. In other words, pur Christian laity are becoming alive to the danger that is menacing the Church, and are becoming conscious to some extent of the nature and characteristics of the appetency for spiritual power that is now working in our National Church. Such, then, were the dangers which threatened the Church of England. Would they ulti mately- prevail ? I answer at once-r-No, if we follow two plain courses. First, if we of the clergy preach the blessed and salutary doctrine ttjat Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, and that whosoever cometh to Him shall in no wise be cast out ; if we ' put Christ first, and then in their due place and position, all those means of grace which He has ordained ; if we will go forth with this message, with His love glowing in our souls, and with that love animating all our actions, and giving force to all our words=— with no thought of powers and claims but the one absorbing thought of setting forth Christ crucified, and one ever present remembrance — that of our own responsibilities, then all will be well. . . . Lastly, our second and other course must be to oppose, resolutely and firmly, every attempt to change the basis of the Church of England, and to reverse the principles of the Eeformation. ? To the Eeformation we owe the return to the true aspects of that great doctrine which one of the deepest moralists and theologians of our own times has rightly spoken of, that on which all vital and personal religion -and all true morality absolutely rests — justification by faith in Christ Jesus. To the Eeformation we owe an opened Bible ; to the Eeformation we owe pur religious liberty, and our emancipation from that bondage to man into which it is sought to bring back the free Church of England— wherefore it is onr duty, as well as our wisdom, to remain loyal and firm. I do not preach what I fail to practice. A preacher should, perhaps, never speak of himself, and yet I may be permitted to say that from my earliest childhood I was taught to regard with thankfulness and to reverence the English Eeformation, and' that I have remained true to that teaching to this hour, and, God helping me, intend to remain true to the end, be the attacks upon me what they may. When (he concluded) a man is fully persuaded in his own mind, he heeds them not. It is only the half-hearted that quail. Let us, then, remain calm and firm, resist every movement, however specious, that is designed to lead us back into rejected errors, and our dangers may pass away, and all yet may be well. Encoukaging Features in our Chiteoh.— At the annual meet ing of Evangelical Clergy under the presidency of the Vicar of Islington, the Eev. Dr. Miller opened the first subject appointed for . consideration, viz., 'What encouraging features does our Church present V ' He said it appeared to him that in looking merely at the encouraging features, if there were any in the Church at the present time, they would resemble a merchant or tradesman, who in examin ing the state of his worldly affairs should take account of his assets and pay no regard to his' liabilities. He had nothing to do, then, with anything else than the encouraging features which their Church presented. He was not going to assert that there was no room for improvement, or that there were no storm clouds which were dark and. ominous. He would be one of the first and foremost to acknow ledge that there was very much among them that was displeasing to God ; but, on the other hand, God had given them some tokens for good. Speaking of the improved tone of our lay members, he said — Let them look, for instance, at the nobility. Let them look at those two great professions, the Army and Navy. He did not believe there was any more signal instance of vital godliness in the present day than the wonderful increase of true, deep, experimental, thorough going piety which was to be found among the officers of those ser vices. He thought, too, that among a large portion of the middle classes, and in a great many cases among the poor also, there would _ on examination be found to be a large amount of quiet, unostenta ' tious, practical and e.vangelical piety in their Church. Another en , couraging feature was,' that if they compared the position of their Church now with, its position fifty years ago, they found that God the Holy Ghost was' far more recognised and honoured in his per-' sonality, in his divinity, and as being the great Author and Giver of light and life than He was at that period. ' He did not think the great body of the Evangelical clergy, or, indeed, of ? the clergy of the;.Church of England who were preaching anything like the truth, were; now at . all exposed to the taunt that they did not honour God the iHoJy.;Ghost.in their. teaching.. And that seemed to him a most ? delightful and encouraging sign of the .increase of vital godliness^ ? It had often occurred to. him., that in the recoil from cant; and i over-.dempnstrativeness there was a great tendency not to. : be dempn s strative enpugh ; that Christian ..men did not sufficiently ; declare their principles in ? public, and that even when they met together s there was often great timidity in speaking about, them,: and conse i quently a want, of that mutual edification, strengthening, and com^ . fort which characterized godly men in former days. He turned, in the i next place, to public worship. . Here, again, there was room fora very ? emphatic ' but.' . Nevertheless, he thought there was great cause for '. encouragement in a comparison of the state of public worship now l with its state when many of them were lads. In the first place he i believed there was a great and marked increase in the right and due ; appreciation of the importance of public worship. When George i Herbert said 'Prayer is the end of preaching,',' he (Dr. Miller) di4 s not believe he meant at all to disparage preaching. But in f apt ? prayer and praise were the end of preaching, and they should never , forgefc that the highest exercise of the. highest faculties and affections ; of the creature were to be found in the worship of the Creator. Then, ; again, to whatever causes it might be attributable, there was far, i greater reverence and order both as regarded church buildings and. ? the services of their Church. If what had been said with respect to the state of many of the country churches a generation or two ago were anything like the truth, it was a scandal and a disgrace to the parishes and the Church ; but, thank God, there was now a feeling that, without attaching any superstitious reverence to bricks and mortar or stone, churches should be kept, to say the least, in a state of cleanliness, order, and decency, and that everything connected with the public worship of Almighty God was to be regarded as, a matter of importance. In connection with that point, he could not help wishing that they could get rid of dirty surplices, a point on which, he had sometimes ventured to enter a caveat, when about to. preach for a brother clergyman. Then, again, he thought every one would admit that there had , been a great improvement in the hymnology of the church. He did not mean to deny that there were some hymn books in which were to be found objectionable hymns ; and how any evangelical clergyman could ever allow ' Hymns, Ancient and Modern' to be used in his church he could not imagine. He thought the. first thing which an evangelical clergyman finding that book in his church should do, so long as certain hymns remained in it, was to turn it out. Still, allowing for that drawback, when they looked back to Sternhold and Hopkins, and Tate and Brady, they must feel thankful for the hymns which they had now. The present hymn-books were, for the most part, full of adoration of the Saviour, of evangelical truth, and of invocation of the Holy Ghost. Then, again, notwithstanding what had been said in the QuaHerly Review, ? there was a good deal to thank God for with regard to preaching. First of all, those who tried to keep the pulpit in a corner had found out that it was a mistake to disparage preaching, and, however elaborate and efflorescent services might now be, there were efforts made to get preachers who could talk decently -and with some thing like power. Moreover, as an excellent friend of his, a High Churchman, remarked the other day, in speaking of the recent article in the Quarterly Heview, when it was said that preaching was now inferior to what it used to be, it might be asked, in reply, whether the average was not so much better than it used to be, that only a very great preacher could appear a head taller than his brethren? 