LUKE. {In the Colorado-paik, 1873.) Br Bbet Habtb. Wot'e that you're readin' ? — a novel f A novel — well dam my skin ! You a 'man grown aud bearded aud falstin* each staff ez that ill— fitnff about gale and their sweethearts ! No wonder you're thin ez a knife. Look at me — clar two hundred — -and never htd one in my life. xflarfi uiy DpiDUKi o UDveu* auu o iu uicu lyiu* xound here. They belonged to the Jedge's daughter — the Jedge who came np last year On account of his lungs and tbe mountains and the twlaam o* pine and fir ; And bis daughter — well, Bhe read novels, and that's what's tbe matter with her. Tet she was sweet on the Jedge, and stuck by him day and night, Alone in the cabin np yer— till she grew like a ghost^ alt white. She was only a slip of a thiDg, ez light and ez np and away Ez rifle-smoke blown through the woods, bnt she wasn't my kind — no way I Speakin' o' gals, d'ye mind that house ez you «« U.. kill A mile and a half from White's, and jist above Mattingly's mill? You do? 'Well now, thai's a gal ! What, yon saw her t O, come now, thar, quit I Bhe was only bedevlin' yon boye, for to me she don't cotton one bit. Now, she's what! call a girl— ez pretty and plump ez a quail ; Teeth ez white ez a hound's, and they'd go through a teupenny nail ; ? Eyes that kin snap like a cap, 8oshe asked to know * whar '-I was hid T' She did 1 O, it's JiBt like her sass, for she's peart as a Katy-did. But what was I talking of T— 0 1 the Jedge and bis daughter— rshe read Novels the whole day long, and I reckon she raid them abed, Anfl sometimeB she read them out loud to the Jledge on the porch where be Bat^ AnH 'twas how (- Lord Augustus' said this, and a ? ? rr V T)l-^ _1 ? It -Lm naiil *? now UHlJ OUUICUC BUB DUU VUBl- But the Bickest of all that I heerd, was a yarn thet they read 'bout a chap. ' Leather-Btoddng' vby name; and a hunter t chock full b' the greenest o' sap ? And they asked me to hear, but I says, ' Miss Mabel, not any for me ; Wben I likes I kin sling my own lies, and thet chap and I shouldn't agree.' . ^et somdiow-or-other she was always sayin' I _ brought her to mind Of folks about whom she had read, or suthin' belikeof thatkiod. Md thar wam't no end o' tbe names that she give me thet summer up here, ' Robin Hood,' 'Leather- stockiDg,' '.'Bob lloy,' — O, I tell you, the critter was queer. And, yet ef she hadn't been spiled, she was harmle^ enough in her way, Bhe could jabber in French to her dad, aud , . they.Baifi that she knew how to play. And she wojied me that shot-pouch np thar — which the man doesn't live ez kin use, And slippers— you see *m down yer — es would cradle an Xrij in'e pappoose . Tet along o' them novels, yon see, she was wastin' and mopin'away, *mi then £$te got dif with her tongue, and at last bad nothin' to say '; And when I happened around, her face it was Yiiri Kv almit. And it wam't until she left that she give me as much as a look. And this was . .the way. it was. It was night when I kem ap here . To say to 'em all, M good- bye,' for I reckoned j tbgofor-deer At 'ann np' the day they left. So I shook 'em , all round by the .hand. 'CepJ Mabel, and she was sick, ez they give me to undeistand. But jist ez I passed the house next morning at \- , dawn, some one, _ Like, a little waver o' mist, got up on the hill . with the sun; ; s. ;i Mies . .Mabel it was, alone — all wrapped in a .. . mantle o' lace — . _ And she stood there ctraight in. tbe road, with a touch o' the sun in her face. And die looked me^right in the eye — I'd seen snthin' like it before When £ hupted a wounded doe to the edge o' » , the Clear Lake shore, _ , ? _ And I bad my knee oh its neck, and iist was raiein' my knife , When itj.givie mea look like that, and — well, it got off with its life. ' We are going to-day,' she said, 'and I thought I would say good-bye . , To you ini your own house, Luke — these woods, , -and the bright blue skv.l You've always been kind to ns, Luke, and papa \ . .. has found you .still As good as .the air he breathes, and wholesome as Laurel Tree hill . '? And. we'll always think of you, Lake, as the v . thing we could J-ot take away ; , ? . , The balsam that .dwells in .the woods, the rain . ,. ? bow that lives in. the. spraj. ; And you'll sometimes thiuk of me, Luke, as . yiiu Knuw yuu ouce ot-eu iu Gay, ... . A rifie-smqke. blown .through - the woods, a moment, hut never to stay.' And then we shook hands, .Rhe turned, but a auddent she .tottered and .fell, . And .t caught her sharp by the waist, and held i ,;hera minit— well, k It was only a minit. you know, that ez cold I .. and ez whi te she lay , j Ez a snow-flake here on my breaat, and then— - well, she melted away — And was;gone. . ? . And thar are her books ; but I sava, not any forme, ? Good .enough may be for some, bnt them and I mightn'f; agree, They, spiled a decent gal ez might hev made some chap a wife, And look .at' me!— dar- two hundred — and . . 1 never readLone in. my life t At Bohe asd Abboad. — The lady who tapped her husband with ber fan at a party the other night, and arid, 'Love, its growing late ; I think we had better go borne,*! i» the aame one who, after getting home, shook the rolling-pin under bis nose and said, 'You in fernal old scoundrel, you; if. you ever, look again at that mean, nasty, calico-faced, mackerel-eyed thing that 'you looked at Cc ' night; I'll bust yoar head wide o^eul' 