ON MARR'AGE. Marriage is au old custom which, like killing rats, was begun when people were ignorant, and has stuck to them even to this day. Mon are married to two kinds of things — ideas and wmen. Ideas are the one- pound-note currency, the North west Passage, vegetable diet, the national debt, old china, and patent corkscrews. Women are girls, audnnrses, and matrons, aud governesses, and heroines, and maiden aunts, and widows,, and spinsters, and bine stockings, and maids, and flirts, and prudes. There is also another kind, called .mothers-in-law, or ghouls. \Yomen live chiefly in drawing-rooms, mirsuiico, olxoj.o, —A tn, are mostly low people, and no men of any respectability associate with them. I have written about them before, aud as I am not now writing natural history or a description of all the other kinds of ser pents and insects, I will not say auvthing more about them. If women must bo written about, a second-class man must be got to do it. I only write about what I choose. Ideas are kept in the heads of mem bers of Parliament, and men who have got sun-stroke, and men who can't chew, and lawyers, and dukes who have got gout aud money, and men who want to get up companies. Ideas are sometimes better than property, for they enable meu to live, without working or paving income- tax. Sometimes, however, they are more expensive to keep than a pack of hounds or a ship of war. "When you talk to a man about an idea which he has married, he gets red iu the face, throws his arms" wildly about him, aud commences making a speech. If a man gets very violent about an idea to wbicb he is married, his friends lock him- up in a spare room, and feed him with bread and water through the key-hole, and ask the Lord Chancellor to act as agent for his property. This makes the man so savage that he tries to stab him self with rolled np copies of comic journals. I once saw a man who was married to the idea of making the whole world happy by giving a tandem to every working man. He was very ric-h, and had made presents of forty tandems when his people put him into the room. At the time I went to see him he, was sitting on a shelf in a back kitchen, and had all the daily papers twisted up into a rein, and was trying to drive an office stool np the chimney. He complained to me that none of the papers were strong enough to hold in his horse when it attempted to shy or run away. I asked him if he had tried the Daily Telegraph. He said "Yes;" but that the moment he put the Daily Telegraph near his horse the animal commenced kicking and plunging to such a degree that he had to call the whole household to his assistance. ' In former times men married a whole lot -of women, but as they became more enlightened they gradually lessened the number, until now, in civilised countries, men never marry more than one. - A man once told me that in those days every one had such an immense family that no woman could tell her mother from her father's other wives, and, consequently, there was no danger from mothers-in-law ! In many barbarous countries,, sucli as Germany,, and the Cannibal Islands, and-Turkey, men even still marry more than one woman ; but as my essays are going to be translated next year into -the languages of all these countries, and as the inhabitants will then be able to improve their minds, and become rational beings, the custom will disappear from the earth. When men have been married for some time, a lot of small creatures, with rattles- and hone rings in their hands, begin to- creep about the house, and fall into water jugs, and burn their hair at the kitchen fire, and drink boiling water out of the kettle on the hob, and swallow brass nails, and put soap- into the tea-caps. After a little while these become- children in ivhich nnha.ppysta.te" they eat electuary for ;breakfast.,..and .wooden skewers and potatoes fried in castor oil, for dinner, arid jam . spread, over - rhubarb pow der: for tea. \ They swallow two fourpenny-pieces a week, and fall out of a window two or three . times each month. They tumble down the kitchen stairs, and lie at the bottom in tho dark, until the man- with the coals stumbles- over them. They get their teeth knocked out against window-sills and one anothers foreheads. They' are introduced by their nurses to eveiy ghost that is small enough to come down the chimney. They are put under sofas, or out on the leads, like flower-pots, when anyone visits the house. Their skiri is scraped off four or five times a day with fine wire gauze and yellow soap. A man once told me that the reason why people prefer having children in their houses to dogs oreats or zebras is because you can amuse yourself'.by making a child unhappy all day long,, but a brute is only miserable when it is suffering from cold, hunger, or a beating. — Essays by E. Kink. _ ' 