OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide. December 22. The Glenelg Yacht Club was to have been formally opened on Saturday % a grand proces sion of boats and a general nautical display, but the weather was unfavorable and the arrange ments, could not be .carried out. There, was, however, a luncheon provided by the Hon. Thos. Elder, and as this could not very well:be post poned the guests assembled and did ample jus tice to the good things which were set before them. The speechifying which followed was ex cellent, and out of the way of post-prandial speeches. Mr. Wigley led off with one of the happiest efforts I have heard for many a day. It'combined the quaint' humour of Mark Twain with the glowing eloquence of a sea poet like Dibdin or Procter, and the animated description of an enthusiastic naturalist like Audubon. He dwelt with pleasureable pride upon the good old days of yore, when he and a number of choice companions took to yachting-days when Com modores Bundey and Elder and Vice-Commo dore-Milne were not known in the nautical world. He told how the keel of their little craft had laved the blue waters of every inden ture in this and the other gulf ; lie descanted in rapturous terms upon the eujoyment which they had in the course of their trips obtained in hunting, shooting, and in.' fishing; and he dwelt upon the beautiful objects of natural history which were to be seen in the coves of the other gulf, whose cliffs, he said, "were rainbowed with minerals, and from whose silvery sands they could -watch the sea anemones of all colors, displaying their brilliant flowers-rivalling even Schomburgk's productions -to secure their prey ; aud if they couid rise before the sea- gulls rare specimens of the nautilus, cowries, and other shells, might be secured to enrich their cabiuets." In speaking of, his old yachting friends he made the following graceful and touching allusion to them "Most of them had achieved the height of their ambition on the Bench, as leaders of the Bar, at the head of their various professions and busi nesses, heads of departments in the Civil Ser vice ; and last, though not least, in the very Executive^ Council. (Auplauso.) Some had made their fortunes ana gone home, whilst others, also, had taken their passage' with old Charon, and were now hull down beyond the Styx; but the sweet remembrance of their manly and generous nature would never be effaced from the horizon of memory-(cheers) and whenever lie met those that were left, he had only to mention the word "Alert" when their features (which time and the cares of this world had set immovably) would assume a smile of pleasure, requiring no words to express ' Yes, old fellow, those yachting days of our youth were the pleasantest and healthiest of our lives.' : (Cheers.)" It is seldom one hears such a happy after-dinner speech as that which Mr. Wigley delivered upon the occasion in question, and I am therefore all the more auxions that he should have all the praise wliich he deserves. Mr. Elder too sung the delights of yachting in the hymnology of an old yachtsman. Hear him for a moment:-" To such persons as were not absolutely condemned to mourn over tlie ruins of extinct excitement-(laughter)-to the/dys peptic, the hypochondriacal^jimd the valetudi narian, he would recommend yachting; as a healthful and invigoratiug exercise-(cheers); and, although it might not prove in all cases an infallible remedy for depression of spirits and other ills that fleslr is heir to, he was sure the exhilarating effects of aquatic sports could not be otherwise than beneficial. (Cheers.)" And as if .this;were not sufficient he appeals to poetry, remarking that " Cowper, the. poet, in describing the feelings of a man disgusted with the world, presented him to us as apostrophising a jackdaw's privileges on the top of a steeple thus: 'Thrice happy bird I too have seen . 'Much of the-vanities of men ; And sick of having seen them Would cheerfully these limbs resign For such a pair of wings as thine, , And sucli a head between them.' This was another case for the seaside remedy, and sure, was he that none of the present com pany would like to take such a misanthropical .viewof .human nature." ' .- After such an ? auspicious feast-of-reason-nnd flow-df-soul opening for the Glenelg Club it'eomies as a gloomy appendage to have to, record a col lision between the finest yacht in the colony the Hygeia-and : the well-known steamer Penola. It was known on Saturday that the Hon.. Mr.; Milne intended proceeding to Mel bourne in Ills craft immediately after the . sports, for the purpose bf' "meeting his son, who is ex pected from-England, but" the weather continu ing too rough he postponed starting until Sunday aftenibbn.' ,TKe acciaeint took place near Cape Jems,; iaboufc six miles from the land. The account given by the shipping reporter is as fol lows ;-"From the amount of damage done to! : the steamer it seems that' tlie yacht, must hava struck her on the port side just abaft the fbnR rigging, and the whole of the main rail for a dis tance of several feet wa$ thus torn away. Stan chions and bulwark, plating have . also gone, , while the side df the deckhouse hap been materi-; ally injured* At the time of the occurrence the yacht is said to have had no lights burning, and this is astonishing seeing the amouut of expense incurred. Captain Snewin, who was on the bridge, had an almost miraculous escape, for when the schooner's bowsprit came into the Penola it toppled him overboard, and for some time he had a severe struggle for life, as he swam' about in heavy boots and pea-coat. He was in the water, it is stated, between twenty minutes and half-an-hour, and at length was picked up by the yacht's boat, and was found to nave'sustained severe bruises." In the evening Mr. Milne returned with his. yaoht, which had her bowsprit carried away besides receiving other injuries, and states that the Penola was noticed beariug down towards his boat as if to pass her, but without warning the steamer swerved towards the yacht, thus causing the accident. Mr. Milne admits that his lights were not burning, and for this he holds the captain accountable, there being proper provision on board for the lighting of two lamps. He does, not thihk Capttun Snewin was in the water more than ten minutes or a quarter of an hour. The damages are estimated at about £500, but beyond this it is feared that Captain Snewin is 'seriously injured. The whole affair is most un fortunate-unfortunate for Mr. Milne in the outset of his career as a" yachtsman, and unfor tunate-for the popular captain of the Penola, whose Christmas holidays will probably be sadly interfered with. The Hon. Arthur Blyth met the electors of Gumeracha at Blumberg last night. Due notice had beeu given of the meeting. Grpat iuterest was felt about it in town, and it was thought tliat a. large gathering would assemble to hear an exposition upon "the politics of the day" from the leading Crown Minister of the colony. But, strange to say, less than half a hundred responded to the call. Mr. Blyth appealed to those present in a candid and straightforward way to say whether they wanted him as their member again or not, but the answer he got was anything but satisfactory. He appealed to them over and over again to deal with liim honestly and fairly, and to tell him whether there was, if he stood, any chance of his being elected, because if not he would stand for some other district. But still the replies were not very_ convincing. One German expressed the opinion that he had not the ghost of a chance, while other electors thought he had as good a chance as ever, and urged.him to come forward again. If, however, he is wise he will not do so. He has represented Gumeracha for twenty vears, and if after that length of service they hesitate about trusting him I think he should cut their acquaintance. North Adelaide will gladly return liim, and he will find that district less capricious and less difficult to please than a country constituency. Mr. Blyth did not in the " course of his address enunciate anything start lingly new; indeed lie said if lie were not to stand for Gumeracha that was not the time nor the place to say anything about the Government policy. But he did, nevertheless, say a little. His first great anxiety seems to be to have a better Education Bill, for the purpose of spread ing the advantages of education over the land in every way or form. Then the Real Property Act and the Supreme Court procedure called for legislation, and this the Government were pre pared to introduce. Concerning the land ques tion they were, he said, determined to reduce the upset price to £1 per acre. He also spoke out strongly in favor of a large iuorease to their population, stating that "if we are to carry out works which will advance us to our proper posi tion in Australia we must have a very consider able increase of man power, and as long as I have anything to do with the administration of affairs 1 shall endeavour to carry this out to the best of my ability." But all this was as " sounding brass ana a tinkling cymbal" to the ,bucolic eavs of the Gumeracha electors, who stolidly refused to testify-at least by a majo rity of the. meeting-their confidence in their old representative, and to give him their pledge to support him at the coming elections. 