THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. We have been favoured with the following extracts from letters received from the Northern Territory by the recent mail Palmerston, January 17, 1874. I commence by wishing you "a happy new year." Don't return the compliment. I can only imagine an ironical sneer on your otherwise benign countenance if you did so. Every attempt at being jolly in this Eden of Australia is a mere burlesque—of tom-foolery there is plenty ; of true enjoyment little, if any. Oh, Billy Cowper ! Billy Cowper ! if thy gentle nature could but have experienced for three months the ills that flesh is heir to in this Northern Territory, with what frenzied furore would'st- thou have dashed thy pen through those oft-quoted lines of thy ".Task," " Oh for a lodge in some vast wilderness," &c.;, as the silliest wish for human being to desire or pei^$o indite. Ghost of the departed bard! visit this realm. Look on us poor mortals cooped up like sheep in a foul pen, cut off from civilized society, our bodies tormented with prickly heat, irritating beyondall endurance, and as we scratch, scratch, scratch, morning, noon, and night; and scratch, scratch, scratch till maddened at last outright, we tear the flesh from our bones, and suffer in" consequence the worse evil of ulcerous ana corrupt Ghost of Billy ! look at me, if you can see any mortal by daylight, with my leg bound up in rags and towels; ay—a ttass of corruption, nothing but wounds and bruises and putrefying sores. Go through our township, ghostly friend, and see the men and women speckled like measly babies. Look at the pale faces, {the lean bodies, the feeble gait; look at the many poor wretches, nerveless, helpless, that drag their fever-stricken bodies through our streets, more like the animated carcases of mummies than of living forms of the sons of South Australians, Incorporeal Billy ! look at the dogs that lay exhausted in our roadways, the cocks that haven't got strength to jump on a rail and " crow?' the horses, like Tarn o' Shaater's nag, more bones than flesh; the cows that, like Mrs. Dombey, haven't strength to make an effort, and bear only veiy tinv calves. Shade of the departed disembodied Billy! see our bodies covered with sores, tormented with flies, mosquitoes, crickets, cockroaches, rats, ants, spiders, and other vermin too numerous to mention; see us roasted by day, and parboiled in the exudations of our own body by night; see us eating our bouilli, preserved vegetables, sour bread, with bad appetite and discontented minds. Pneumatescopic Billy! look, look on this picture, and say wouldst thou desire to lodge in this vast wilderness, this boundless contiguity of shade, where nothing reaches us except by telegrams above twice 'or thrice in six months. Go thy ways, ghost, go! better live to have our ears pained and our souls sickened with every-day reports of wrong and outrage to mix in the busy stnfe of. towns that men have made than be banished to the wilds of the Northern Territory, which God made to be the abode of blackfellows, but not for civilized, domesticated, and society-loving whites; So much as a reason why I don't wish to be bored with the compliments of the season. It would be out of place here. We can't compliment each other, and laugh sardonically when we speak of being happy. : Yam Ceeek, January €, 1874. I hBar .and I suppose you do of several managers being recalled, and those who are not are getting so disgusted with their Directors that they won't stop after their agreement is L up. It is very vexing, after putting up with no end of insdnvenience, worry, anxiety, risk of health, and thorough hard work, to get talked of as though there had been neglect, and I am getting sick ofjit. It js bad enough to live in a wilderness, without" knowing what is going on in the world,Jand without seeing a woman or child from week to week (worse than savages), but to have no allowance made for unforeseen difficulties is only adding injustice to misfortune. The; last year will be long remembered by South iAustralians I expect, and I hope it may prove that the enterpnses then started were the small {beginnings of great successes. • I cannot help thinking thateventually this country will prove b very rich one, but as I told you before it wiH require time and patience. We were all very much astray in our notions of getting the various Companies into working order, and those |who were here and ought to have given the information did not do so. I am not altogether surprised at the state of things in Adelaide, f but I do think that some amount of confidence should be placed in those who are here, instead of abusing us all and believing the original swindlers. ' 