VOICE OP THE PULPIT. I This column Is entirely supplied by correspondents- .nd crory communication tvo receivo on Monuuy morn, logs upon tho subjoct has its place hero. The Koy. A. RobertBon preached in hie 0Wn ohuroh in tho mornin|>, from Isa. -15 22. "For I am God and tlioro is none olso." hlr. Robertson proceeded to combat tho view nf the atheist, that there is no God. This belief, b Btaitl, was hold by vory few ; in deed, it may bo doubted if truly held by aDy, A man may say with his Jips that (hero is no Rod, but his own heart will con demn him, and tell him that what ho otters is falso. Man is essentially a roiigious being, and a belief in tho exiatenoe of a Suporior Power ooema to form pert of himaolf. This bollof has oxlsted from tho earliest times, and traoing the history of man kind, we find that thoso who had no Divino knowledge of tho true God, mado for them selves gods of wood, of brass, and of atone, or worshipped theh tin, moon, starB, or other created objects, which seemed to thorn to po-Beas supernatural power. Tho scriptures ihemeolves do not attompt to prove tho exist ence of God, it is taken for granted as a fundamental principle which needs no proof. Whilst there is no denying the existence of a God, tbero may perhaps at first aight appear to bo a pretext for admitting tho existence of many Gods. Tho outward appearance of natnro might at first sight appear to favor thi3 assumption. Wo might suppose that tho mountains and valleys, rocks and seas, wero each of them the creation of a separate God, bub this viow would disappear after careful investigation, when wo would find the sarno harmony and uniformity in the laws which govern each, proving that they all emanated from tho same hand. Tho belief in more Gods than one might also be advanced on a cursory consideration of good and ovil, but we would find that they both resulted from tho operation of tho sarao law, emanating from tho sarno source. Tho law which rewards the good and puniBheB the evil. The sermon was an nhlo and attractive onc,|and listened to rapt attention by tho rev. gentleman's large congregation. Tho Unitarian Chnroli had a large congre gation last evening, _whon Miss Turner preaohed from 1 <1 oh n iv. 20. "If a man ssy I love God and hnteth his brother, ho is a lbr, for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath eeon ; how can ho lovo God whom ho had not setu ?" Had the Apostle whom Jesus loved been one of our modern theolo gians, ho would never havo written thoso memorablo words, for they aro in direct opposition to the practices, if not of the creeds, of most professing roiigions. The Deity is a God of love — but according to them— "blood was required, whole nations were slaughtered — tho innocent with tho guilty ; and finally, that for crimos, no matter how venial, eternal torment was tho doom. Is this a God of love whom we ought to adore ! This doetrino makes Him worse than the most depravod savago ; even Atheism, bad as it is, is to be preferred to tueh horrible touots. The teachings of Jesus show that "God willeth not the death of a sinner, but that all should return, re pent and live." Miss Florence Nightingale says, "It is simple impertinence to tolfmo to do tho ordors of God, without telling me first why he is made worse than a devil." Was His love shown when hundreds of nations wore blotted out beforo " His chosen people," the most rebellions to Him of any, hecauso they woro supposed to know Him. In tho pirablo of tho Prodigal Son, how beautifully lovo is exemplified. The father falls on the ncek of his erring son and kiiaes him ; here is trito lovo, tho jovo of the father. "God is love j" and as Ho Bhows fits lovo to all his creatures, how much more shonld we love thoso who aro the work of fiis hands. The religion of Jesus remains to bo tried, and it is tho most solemn mystery that can'occupy tho thought of man. We nre part and parcel of divinity. "L and my Father aro ono, as you and I are ono." So love of human nature is tho firBt step towards tho enjoyment of fellowship with the Fathor, which the simplest among ub may enjoy. So "lot us all bo fellow laborers with God," fully believing that words may bo spoken to us, "Gome ye blessed of my Father receive the kingdom prepared for yon from the foundation of the world." On Sunday moroitig tho Rov. Dr. Bromby proachod at AH taints, East St. Kilda, beforo a crowded congregation, from Gene sis, 3rd chapter ii. and iii. verses. Ho com menced by remarking that it matters vory little whether tho statements of Scripture are facts or allegories, Bince the spiritual lessons in either caso are precisely the same. In tho narrative before us wo noticp that beforo Rive succumbed to the seductions oi Satan she had, as it wore, mot the ovil half way. This is exemplified in the inac curate wording of her Bpecch. In tho first piece, instead of straightforwardly inform- ieg Satan of tho largo liberal permission given by God to eat freely of all trooB in tho garden savo one, sho lays groat stress upon the fact of tho prohibition. This is precisely the caso in tho world now; Peoplo aro too apt to rognrtl only tho littlo trials of evcry-day life, anil to forget God's manifold blessings. When this is tho case thero is always a stepping-stone to positive evil. Eve further puts in the words "thou shalt no touch it, &c;," evidently implying that site regarded God's all wise command as a jealons exacting intorferanco. Now peoplo do just tho same now-a-daya. Tho wholesome restraints of tho Gospel aro falsely represented as irksomo. But truo religion sanotifies joy and pleasure of every kind. It is only when ovil is likely to ensue that tho gratification of our appotito iB for- bidden. That tho restraint was necessary, the experieuee of the present day informs us. For nothing is more injurious than finding out the distinction between good and evil by a knowledge of evil or an indulgence in sin and vice. Mr. Tyerman delivered n lecture to a full house in the Polytechnic on Sunday night, his subject being " Tho Clod Chriatcndom a Human Creation." Ho remarked that all nations acknowledged a Supremo Being of same sort, and many worshipped a plurality of GoiIb, Men disputed as to how tho know ledge of God was first obtained. Some held that it waB derived intuitionaily by tho spiritual perception of the soul ; othors con tended that it was arrived at inforentially by a process of inductivo ot reasoning ; while a third class maiatained that wo wero indobted to direct revelation for it. Tho lecturer denied that any direct revelation hod over boon reeeivod from God, and hold the former two to be tho original sources of a, knowledge of Doity. Christians charged tho so called hoathon nations with polytheism ; but in reality they wore poly- theiats themselves. They confessed to wor- shipping three Gods — the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost — eaoh being a distinct god, and therefore it was only a question of degree between three gods and throo hundred, -they, hownver, ovadod tho logical conse- |lUeneo of their dootrino of tho Trinity by a miserable shufile, and said tho three wero Wtor all but one. Christians professed to Worship tho God of tho Bible, and olaimod that ho was superior to all other gads, and was the only truo God. Mr. Tyerman hold of tho Biblo, who was the «ou of Christendom, was only a Bubjcctivo Ofeation of tho human mind, and not an OBjcotivo reality. Ho was only ono of tho many imaginary Deities whom tho ancients fS -1 oxwt, and to whom they trans- atti- iR,,tr m3u ' an< ascribed cortain and t„»a'r 8ai,n.<J buman exooUonoios nhll„.m 'U.Us.y k so called pagan ooneB?„l i0t? a"nbuto<1 to the Gods they the TRKi i badbeon attributed to the God of Goil nrluby re1 writers of that Book. The Am i Bible was clearly a progressive of tho humun mlnd. There was a marked difference botween the God of Moses and the God of Jcsua, Tho God of the fortnor was a stern, pompous king, that of the latter was more of the mild aud loving Father. The God of Christendom was said to ho long-suffering and full of moroy. But how long did ho mercifully bear with tbo first sinners in Heaven — the angels — and tho first on earth — Adam and Evo? He' was said to bo no respecter of persons, yet ho oitose tho Jews and rejected tho Gentiles, without any good reason that could be seen ; and in tho world to come ho would admit a fow of his vast family to his presence and banish all the rest to oternal punishmont. Was (here no partiality in thoso two instances 1 He was said to bo full of lovo and tenderness, but novor wore more brutal and cruel deeds done than thoso alleged in tho Biblo to havo boen done by his command. Ho was said to bo Almighty, but his creatures resisted his power and defeated his designs every day. Indeed tho God of Christendom was utterly uuworthy of recognition in this age, and belief in him had ever led to the lowest consequences. Let mnnocasoto trust in tho fickle, jealous, oruol God of Moses, and love and study tho groat Father of nil, whom nature reveals, and the brotherhood of man would become a practical reality. 