THE FORTHCOMING MUNICIPAL ELECTION. TO THE EDITOR OK THE MERCURY. Sir,-All who know anything of the past services of Aldermen Pearce, Risby, and Green, whoso term of office expire, by eflluxion of time next month, will readily endorso the well merited encomiums bostowed on those gentle- men in your lending article on Wednesday last ;' and had they not signified that thoy did not intend to allow thoinsol vos to ho again nominated, doubtless the citizens would gladly havo availed themselves of their acceptable and duly appre- ciated services. But as tho gontlomen , in question have now had some twelve or fifteen years oxporienco of tho sweets of office, of its demands upon their timo, und ita daily inter- ference with their private and business avo .'cations, it should at once bo admitted that they t are the best judges of tho ' desirability of j retaining or relinquishing office. When, as in this instance, retirement is sought, it should be gracefully allowed, regardless of the importunate zeal which is so frequently manifested on theso occasions by immediate friends, who seem to forget that they are paying a poor compliment to a number of citizens who have a right to bo deemed " eligible candidates." Such being the coso, it may be conceded that it is ?both timely and proper for , the citizens to ho on the look out for " eligible can- didates ; " that thoy should bestir themselves, take heed to your pertinent observations and 'pointed warnings ; discourage the aspirations of "men of a distorted stump of mind;" silence .the pretensions of "the empty braggart," and eBchow tho sycophant and his proclivities. With reference to your pronounced objections " to any qualifications, founded on an advocacy . "of particular interests," permit nie to remark \- that since wo havo boen favoured with municipal institutions, particular, interests have onorgeti ' cally Btrivon to get thonisolvcs fairly represented ' in tho Municipal Council. For instauco, tho " wharf, or shipping interest, has always been efficiently anti intluoiitially represented thoro, Hiid even at present the majority of tho alder , ¡men, including tho worthy Mayor, oolong to i tlíat particular interest; notwithstanding this fact, who complains or attempts to insinuate that any selfish preference manifests itself, or that thornby any other interest is dotrimontally neg- lected 1 Tho provalont rumours on the ovo of almost every municipal election of a "wharf ticket " failed to alarm the citizons, or to influence them in tho choice of tho candidates. It may . therefore fairly be concluded that the rumours of a "public house ticket" will only evoke the same unconcern, and produce the same harmless effect. I am, however, able to pon advisedly, that tho licensed victuallers as a body, or as an association, will in this election act as thoy havo hitherto dono, in perfect harmony with their fellow citizens ; that amongst those who may be invited to como forward, thoy will support those whom they deem to bo the best and tho most suitnblo for the office ' You may, however, rest nssurod that thoy will not countonanco or give < a ghost of a voto to either of those aspirants 1 whom you havo so graphically delineated, and so'fprcibly shown to bo objectionable, if even thoy should figure on a "public house," a*" good , templar," or a " wharf ticket." . " Your's obediently, VINDICATOR. 