? (Concluded from our last.) DY NORMAN MACLEOD, D.D. Conversion implies a " yielding ourselves to God," because thus believing in Hie love manifested through Jesus Christ and Him crucified. Such a stole of mind might be thus expressed: " Lord, I shall fight against Thee no more ! I believe in Thee, and yield myself to Thee lor time and eternity, to have the good pleasure of Thy righteous will done this attitude of soul may be assumed at once towards God the very moment the gospel ol His goodwill to us, and of His desire to possess oar hearts, is heard. Conversion implies some degree at least of peace with God. Many seem to think it almost presumptuous to look for peace or to u expect joy in God. It betokens," they say, "a want of humility." Love and humility are one. Both are a going out of ourselves, and finding our good, strength, peace—all in God. It is surely a poor compliment to pay a friend, if we rebuke those who dare to be happy in bis presence or to find peace in his society. What bard thoughts have men of God when they do not see how He must ever rejoice in the good and peace of His children! Oh, shame upon us that we do not " rejoice in tbo Lord always," and possess the " love which casteth out fear, for fear hath torment." Why, then, should it seem impossible for a man to have peace, the moment he can say with the apostle John, " We have known and believed the love that God hath to us f Cannot that love be seen in its own light when revealed ? And if so, why should the pos< session of immediate peace, in a degree corresponding to faith in God, seem to be so wonderful ? Would not its absence be more so 1 Tbe very hope, metbinks, of pardon, when first entertained by the condemned criminal—or of deliverance and return to bome, when first realised by the shipwrecked sailor —or of life and health, when first deemed probable even, by the hitherto despairing in- valid—or of meeting his long-injured, but still patient and loving father, by the miserable prodigal—may well kindle sudden joy and peace. Much, no doult, may have been done before any hope could dawn to tbe captive, to the shipwrecked, to tbe invalid, or the prodigal; yet the hope itself may suddenly flash on each, as the message enters the cell to assure the criminal of his safety, or the signal is seen on the distent horizon that promises succour to the mariner, or the smile plays on the countenance of tbe physician, telling that tbe dread crisis is over and that progress towards recovery has begun, or the remembrance of a father's love is rekindled in tbe heart of the wanderer. And thus a man who has been roused to see his moral guilt, as well as moral depravity—to see his dread and terrible danger —may well find unutterable peace tbe very moment be believes that there is for him deliverance from the evil, and forgiveneBs with God, " that He may be feared"—or even when the maybe dawes upon him that be, tbe hitherto dead, careless, presumptuous sinner, has not been so shut out of his Father's heart and bome, but that there is yet grace omni potent to save him, to take away his sins, renew his whole being, and make him and keep him a child of God. When the prodigal in tbe far country was planning only his return, be resolved to 6ay to his father, " Make me one of thy hired servants 1" To be for a time a very slave in his father's house, seemed in prospect as a very paradise when compared with bis present wretchedness; but to be received at once as a son—tbat he would not be so presumptuous as to dream of. Ah! be bad forgot his father's character in the far country Unbelief had done its work, and " cut off bis hope." But however dark and dim his views were, he nevertheless returned, was met afar off, and was at last received in hi6 father's arms. There he poured forth the confession which relieved his choking heart, " I am no more worthy to be called thy son!" True, But did he add, " Make me a hired servant ?" No, he could not t for he had already been received as a son. Our Lord tells us bow some hearers may receive the Word immediately with joy, and yet give up when it is tbe oocasion of their being brought into outward perils or difficulties. Paul complained tbat Semas bad forsaken him, and John of many who, be sa} f 6, " went cut from us." We must not think it strange, moreover, if tbe visible Church should ever and anon disclose to us how much evil as well as good it contains, Our Lord never contemplated a Church on earth as possibleowing to tbe 6ioful offencos which must needs come—which should be otherwise than a mix ture of good and bad. There was one in twelve of His own pure apostolic Church a traitor. Among the members of the pentecostal Church, two were struck down dead for falsehood of tbe blackest kind. Among the earliest professed converts ia Samaria was Simon Magus, in tbe bonds of iniquity. And so it will aver be. The field will contain tares as well as wheat, and both roust grow together till the harvest; tbe net must gather into it bad fish as well as good, until tbe great day of final separation comes at the and of the world. But, nevertheless, tbe field may now contain a glorious crop of wheat, and tha net, after a night of toil, be sometimes full of good fish, so as to excite the wonder and praise of the " fishers of men " Tboso converts who fall away have probably misunderstood the true idea of the redemption which is in Christ Jesus. They looked for safety from punishmeat apart*from salvation from sin; upon Jesus as a deliverer from guilt and bell only, and not ako a deliverer from sin, by giving that life which is heaven; they looked for that life hereafter, and not now; or they imagined faith as an act done once for all—a coming to Christ once only for what was required, instead ot aa a state which receives at once pardon and acceptance through the merits of Christ, and abides in Christ for ever as tbe only source of life. We have dwelt upon this point longer than we had at first intended; for the doubt 60 often expressed, of the possibility of one who is lost finding immediate peace when he finds his God—and so bas found himself—betrays t unbelief or great ignorance of God. 'ride is at its root;—a desire to find something wherewith to commend ourselves to God—some evidence of a good character first —some work done as a hired servant, in order to entitle us with any hope to call God father and be at peace with Him; instead of our beginning alt work by first being at peace— by our being reconciled at once to God through faith in His love to us, revealed in the atonement of Jesus Christ. We may just add, what every true man knows, and rejoices to to know, tbat tbe hour which begins his peace with God necessarily begins also war with all sin in his own heart. His friendship with God implies enmity to all in himself whioh is opposed to God. 2\. "But the whole tendency of revivals, and of this theory of sudden conversions by means of any man's preaching, is to disparage God's appointments of the Cbnrch and tbe family for accomplishing genuine conversion." If by this is meant that God ordinarily blesses for the saving of souls wbat are termed " tbe means of grace," or " the truth as it is in Jesus," whether inculcated by the parent, the teacher, or tbe minister, and presented to the mind, and impressed upon it patiently and laboriously during a course of years,—then we also believe this, and cordially admit it, Nay, we would have all "friends of revivals" keenly alive to tbe danger of so expressing themselves as to seem even to disparage such earnest painstaking, and wa would have them to avoid seeking to attain by a summary process what thousands strive to attain, and actually do attain, only by a prayerful diligence, which begins with sowing the seed in childhood, and never ceases until there is the blade and the full ear ending in the golden harvest. We feel assured tbat the faithful minister who has seen many souls born to God under his teaching, will acknowledge that these results were connected not so much, or probably not at all, with any sudden change, from some striking sermon he had preached, but from a series of impressions made by pious parents in their home-training, or by himself in his congregational class, or by the whole tone and tenor of his public ministrations, &c.; How often has it thus happened that others have labored, and tbat he has but entered into their labors! The conversion of his hearers has been tbe culminating point of a thousand appliances, and, in the vast majority of cases, it bas been reached by degrees. The glorious summit has been attained, not by a leap from tbe valley, but after many preparatory 6teps. The light of life has not flashed out of darkness, but has dawned by imperceptible degrees, until the glory of God was seen in the face of Christ Jesus. If the new life itself has been suddenly experienced, yet let us not overlook the preparatory work of the shaking of the dry bones, then of the bone coming to its bone, and, finally, the flesh and skin covering tbe skeleton, and so preparing a home in which tbe living spirit could dwell and act. We cannot use language strong enough to express our conviction of tbe blessing which, as an ordinary rule, is sura to follow from the Lord on the Faithful faithful and prayerful labor of a piouB parent, Sabbath-schoolteacher, or pastor. Let nothing be said in favor of wide-spread and sudden revivals to discourage these bopeB! A true revival, we believe, shall ever, iu God'B own time, attend such tabors. This is emphatically true regarding the work of the ministry. We believe tbat the ministry is of God as much as the Bible is—one of tbe most precious gifts obtained for the Church by the risen Saviour; and that now, as ever, the preaching of the Word by ministers duly prepared and regularly called and ordained by the Christian Church, is the grand means for converting' sinners; thai this power never grow* old or loses its adaptation to the wants of man amidst the constant changes of society, any more than a lens does in transmitting the riys of the sun from age to age. •^et, with all these admissions, and with profound veneration for the ordinary calm and methodical means of grace, we can nevertheless believe in wide-spread sudden " conversions," and that too through other instrumentalities, and in circumstances which leave no doubt of their being caused by what has been termed an extraordinary outpouring of God's Spirit. For let us beware of dogmatising irreverently as to when and how that living Spirit shall operate on the souls of men, who worketh according to His own counsel of unerring and inscrutable wisdom. " Who hath known the mind of the Lord, and who hath been his counsellor, that he should instruct him ?" As a Person, He acts as " He wills," and in every case with perfect wisdom and perfect love. And it is in keeping with this truth, or rather a necessary consequence from it, that God's Spirit should teach and educate individuals and churches differently, or at least in accordance with their respective and specific wants. If His outward dispensations towards the same person constantly vary, yet all work towards one end, the soul's good,—even as the combinations of the elements vary day by day, yet all help on the earth's fruitfulness,-— we might expect that His dealings with the inner life of persons should also vary, while one glorious scheme of education for heaven is carried on in ail and by all. And if so, why do we think it strange that an individual should have his times of comparative spiritual darkness and light, strength and weakness ? < r that churches should also experience different kinds of treatment, so to speak, from the same wise Spirit, yet all suited to advance more and more in the end, both in us and by us, that kingdom which is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Hoiv Ghost ? Then, again, as to the instrumentalities which God's Spirit employs, these may be often exceptional to His general rule. For it is surely a great mercy when the regular ministry, or any other ordinance of His, becomes inefficient through sinful indifference or unbelief, that He should raise up in such nn emergency, and that too from the most unexpected quarters, those who will do the work which others ought to have done. The grand end of saving lost souls, and bringing many sons and daughters unto God, cannot be sacrificed to any organisation ordained for that purpose when it fails either to seek it or accomplish it. Thus " God fulfils Himself in many ways, Lest one good custom should corrupt the world." If, therefore, we find, as a matter of fact, that some one who follows not us—why he does not follow with us we may not be able to understand—is yet confessing Christ's name, and 60 doing Christ'6 work that devils are cast out by him, we dare not say, " Forbid him." Our Lord does not command us to forbid him, any more than He commands him to follow us. He says only, "Forbid hitn not. He who is not against us is for us." We all need humbly to acton such a principle, But should we in our pride and ignorance condemn a sincere and faithful laborer for Christ, our Lord will not confirm our judg ment. On the other hand, he who does not " follow" the ministers of Christ's Church, whom be finds already engaged in the Master's work, muBt answer to the Lord for incurring so solemn and serious a responsibility. But we must pass rapidly and more briefly to the consideration of one other objection to revivals. 3\. " We object entirely to revivals because of the great excitemeut which attends them." To this we reply— We admit the possibility of great excitement connected with religious truth, in spite of the total absence of religious character. There is no more interesting or remarkable chapter in history than that which records the manias that have spread like epidemics at different periods (especially during the middle ages) over Europe. They are cases of hysteria upon 8 great scale; and that these should take a religions form as well as any other is noway impossible. It has happened a hundred times before, and will happen often again. We have seen cases of" revival" which were purely physical, with little religious knowledge and irreligious character, in these who were most under the influence of the preacher, but with much ignorance and great nervous susceptibility. Preachers as ignorant as these people have been deceived by 6uch appearances, which, not being able to account for by any natural cause, they at once attribute to supernatural agency. But, putting aside those illustrations of very common physical phenomena, we admit— That excitement is by no means to be desired. Its tendency is to produce reaction, and, when the fire passes, to leave nothing but ashes behind. We may receive the Word with joy, and yet it mav soon wither; and also give our bodies to be burned, and yet be nothing. Mere excitement is next door to grossness and licentiousness. Both have the same sensuous elements in them. Had we our choice, we should prefer a revival without any excitement. It is, therefore, not only possible, but it has frequently happened, that hundreds have been powerfully moved by a revival,.have professed faith in Christ, found peace with God, and been assured by enthusiasts and fanatics that they were now actually " saved," who soon gave token that they never had been saved from either gross ignorance or gross sin, but destroyed rather by want of sense in themselves and in those who, from ignorance or vanity, excited their feelings, and worked on their mere animal sensibilities. But we have notour choice in such mutters. We cannot change the laws of the human mind, and as long as these remain, it may not in every case he possible to prevent some degree of excitement by what so powerfully appeals to every feeling and affection in the eoul of man. Given only that the facts of Christianity are true regarding man's condition without a Saviour, and all that has been done for him, and must be done in him, before salvation is possible, with the tremendous consequences throughout eternity attached to his faith and repentance in time,—and excitement is very natural, and not altogether unbecoming, in him who sees and believes, and, as it generally happens where excitement exists, who hears, these truths for the first time in his hfe. Would not calm self-possession, in such circumstances, if more reasonable, be more wonderful than excitement among those, especially without culture ? It is quite true also that excitement will much less frequently occur among strong-minded educated people, who are accustomed to keep their emotions under control; while many, with a, comparatively speaking, weak emotional nature, but with 6ound bead and sound sense, and wakeful conscience, seldom, in any case whatever, betray much feeling. Violent excitements, as a rule, are found only among northern nations, among the ignorant masses, or those who have more feeling than judgment. But why may not a wide-spread excitement about religious truths, though in some persons a mere physical condition of the nervous system, be the very means, under God, of arresting their mind or the minds of others, and disposing them to consider and receive the truth itself ? What is it which we have most to complain of as an obstacle to the gospel f Not infidelity, nor active opposition, nor ig- norance, but indifference,—cold, heartless indifference in those who may go to church, stand up at prayer, hear or sleep, read or dream, agree with everything the minister says, yet verily believe nothing, and are therefore neither roused by fear nor gladdened by hope, but live on, day by day, buying and selling, eating and drinking, respectable, it may be, and respected, as good farmers, decent tradesmen, honest shopkeepers, but to spiritual things in their living reality and momentous importance—indifferent! Could any one but read the thoughts, hear the conversation, or watch the effects on the great mass of the hearers, one day or one hour, after hearing the most impressive and earnest sermon, in which the minister before God sought to save their soule, what a fearful vision of the mystery of indifference would be revealed! Whatever, then, breaks this up is a blessing. No excitement can be so dangerous, so deadly, as this indifference. Better a thousand times the wild hurricane than the calm miasma. Better the stream which rushes impetuously over its banks, carrying with it devastation for a time, than the dead and foetid marsh. The one may be turned into a new channel, and made available as a power for advancing the interests of man, but the other is "evil, and only evil continually." Whatever, therefore, we repeat it, tends in providence to destroy indifference, and induces people to listen with earnestness and attention to the truth,— be it the excitement of a storm or earthquake, of a great religious revival, or of domestic bereavement and sorrow,—whatever it be, yet is it a blessing if it prepares the soul to receive the seed of the gospel, by inducing men even to think seriously, as the first condition for their ultimately believing seriously. But this excitement winch alarms so many sober-minded people was not, after all, an element which vitiated the religious " movements" in the early ages of Christianity. There were rational Sadducees, learned scribes, and formal Pharisees, who were much displeased at the excitement of the multitude when Jesus made His triumphant entry into Jerusalem.' But when our Lord was asked to rebuke them, He replied that the very stones would cry out if these were silent. Was there no excitement on the day of Pentecost when thousands were crying out, " What shall we do to be saved ?" The preaching of the gospel was everywhere accompanied by such awakenings as arrested the attention of cities and nations. Would God it were so now 1 But, in once more meeting this objection, we cannot help noticing the character of the persons who most generally urge it. How often does one hear from the lips of the intensely worldly-minded fears expressed at the danger of religious excitement f And if the symptoms of such a terrible state of mind manifest themselves in son or daughter, even in the form of thoughtfulness in regard to their duty to God, or of fear about their state, or doubts with reference to the manner in which they have been accustomed to spend their time and talents, how often does the very mother who bore them become herself thoughtful and concerned about her child ! " She so much dislikes religious excitement. She likes cheerful Christians,—religious people nowadays are so sad and gloomy,—she is really anxious about her poor daughter," £c. And all this from persons who live in a constant whirl of excitement, to whose daily life excitement is essential, not as a means of temporary relief from severe thought and action, but as the very end of existence. And whence is their excitement derived ? From the most contemptible and silly frivolities, from balls, parties, visits, and gossip without end—excite - ments utterly selhsh, which materialise the soul, debase its tastes, enervate its powers, rendering it incapable of all earnest labors or self-denial, and which incapacitate it from apprehending the purity, the majesty, and the surpassing wonder of spiritual realities. These are the persons who, forsooth! are so much alarmed lest their dear children should become excited about the things which arrest the attention and engage the thoughts of the mighty angels, yea, of Jesus Christ himself. Believe it, that whatever excitement may possibly accompany the commencement of the Christian life in one who has never been trained to think seriously or act conscientiously, the only persons in the world who are habitually free from all excitement, or violent emotions of any kind, are true Christians, because they have the "love which casteth out fear," and enjoy " the peace of God which passeth all understanding." We must here conclude these brief and very imperfect remarks upon a great subject. We end, ns we began, by expressing our profound conviction that the wants of all our wants is this, and this only, a Revival of Spiritual Religion; or, in other words, genuine, simple, truthful, honest love to Jesus Christ, to His people, to His cause, and to the whole world ! This, and this alone, will fulfil the longing of many a weary, thirsty soul for better things than at present seem probable or possible. " Who will shew us any good ?" is the despairing cry of many a thoughtful man, as he passes in review before his anxious eye the dark side of things, such as careless-living students of divinity, who are to be the future teachers of this great nation; ministers and congregations apparently dead as stones; churches becoming idols, claiming the reverence and love of their members, and jealous of any other idol usurping their throne; scoffing infidelity among the ignorant; philosophic scepticism among the intelligent; indifference among thousands; while abroad heathen nations, with countless millions, are opened up to the Protestant Church, which can only send driblets of two or three missionaries here and there, many of whom go in tears to live in comfort as well-paid gentlemen, while thousands of common soldiers sour out their life's blood for their country. " Who will shew us any good ?" Our hope, 0 Lord, is in Thee! " Lord, lift Thou un the light of Thy countenance upon us!" Pour Thy Spirit upon the thirsty ground! Our strength is gone; arise, 0 Lord, and revive Thy work among us nil. Come Thou and help us, for T&y; great name's sake. The cause of righteousness is Thine own. Do Thou hear and help us, then shall death be changed to life, and truth shall banish error, and disunion be lost in love, and out of this valley of dry tones, and from all sects and parties, a great army will arise, strong and united through the power of the Spirit who will dwell in each and all, and be mighty to pull down all the strongholds of Satan, and to advance the kingdom of our blessed Lord at home and abroad, to the joy of men and 