TOPICS OFTHE WEEK. i The only cloud upon the brightness of the holiday aeaeon ie (hat cast by the melancholy boat accident at Geelong—but that in amost gloomy one. It is depkoable to read of a number, of people put keeping holiday having tbeir, lives thus recklessly sacri ficed by what seems to be the inca pacity of a couple .of drunken boatmen. The affair was not one of sadden capsize, doe to a chance puff of wind. The agony of theperUwBs protracted long enough tomake the unfortunate occupants of the boat taste all the bittemess of death for some time befoiethe final catastrophe. It must have been # dreadful position fprthose pleasure token, tofind.ttamBelves suddenly called upon to.wnfwnt thfivdanfeta» ofimpending shipwieck,their boat StoertdUfjr: the inoom petenteod *mwflling , hands ofbne o<f their own numben and the rest of the man agement sof ^he litile ..emit confided, to two toen whoseemed tobe stupidly nirare of -their pejil and of , theitf; incbmpetenoe to avert .ik' i The Oulypart-Of the sad affair which iaffords the slightest gleamof light is thevteSr.<afftlto quint, tmpretonding fortitude with vhicbidhose born: meh send women <q»t peace; aaimtyp#w*itinft ttia 'Uiaibla ) fete .'which theyep suddenly*nd w> imexpeotodlyloand thenwel^ galled won taoenftonfcAltfcnutfi l*y. . ttwbadbetn weatoeringa* to-the Mjd>Atl«iiaoi and i$ that the traditionary courage ISaglfeb peo^lape the dangers * M to sfemr thoo aorord^cewithour is useless togmmbfeiabqutiibufci thelese, much bere^feed t3» rieoce should be bo^at^io^a^jf oa this roelancbolyoccasiou. . i _ sit is amusing to find it now assei^etLas A feet " that thefeud forfeited in th» %pugi district h$& . h$§n, to a -considerable extent dummied again,''andtbatanothpr land board will have tp5be appoint&i; jto investigate the bond fides ofthe new J»tcii .of a®ie9tp^v1lf the statement is true—ae^t is ce^ulysuite probable--the areumirtantx.^sh^dd; be fall of significance to our land mormeis. At;the bottesjof all our land ipginfytinp W typ feqt 10 yean has lain, the prinpipfe that it«*ute possible for the state, by ceriain jegufetiaaz to that end made and provided, to direct "the alienation andutflisatloh. of land just as it pleaseaThishasbeen assumed throughout, and without this assumption our landlaws would be mete solemn frivolities, -Awi yet, if the evidence of the case, gleaned from Iongandmultif6nne3perimice,4temonbtnrtes any one fact, it is that the stetefc aspoWet less to Counteract the natural laws of de mand ; this matter as it ' is to mafee ^ater rnn up hillbythe powers of ah ofetrof Parliament = We See that when the land is wanted for one par pose by a class whoeeinterest to obtain it is very strong, and whose means of pMearing it son abondoiftl'to--thBtpurpose the land will be applied,' Ikfegtelatton say '^rhaitit may.' The state fo»# fledare that the land shall be cultivated; BtHL'ifpastnre wOl pay better, to pasture it goe^ The statb may enact that it shall be held. only in «m|U holdings: still, if wealthy men want to 'get large fended estates, they haveno difficulty in getting them,' and evett of gettingthemby means of the very provisions devised to pre vent their formation. So it has bfeen,'-add so it will be as long as there isanyUfidleft unalienated and rich men desirOus of getting possession of it Laws maybepksSed-to provide for the turning of the wastes Of the Wimmera into smiling' farms, in 'defiance alike of the natural wad'the economic con ditions of the ease. Tfeey feky be passed, but in attempting to give-effect to themssCh difficulties will be enoountered as these which lately afforded oecasion for a boftA of inquiry, and seem likely soon to require another. It mnsfelwafs brSewhen legis lation is based upon mereethebry and clap trap, no regard being paid to the practical conditions of the subject. And "while-the working of the Land offibe is do valuable a political agency, and the mere promised more "liberal land legislation" is so effective anitemina party programme as it isfoiruQto be now, we must submit to drift and blunder on as we do at present " It appeare to be becoming more andmbre a fixed principle ih our school examinations —as those cereiiohttBare comically called— that every pupil is to have a prize fbrsome thing or other*. The ingenuity of principals seems to-be tested in the effort to -rfevise meahs -of clistmguigliing for soine occult quality thdee Whoseattaiuments iri learning are not shining. and whose place in the or dinary competitions is a very bumble xttfe. There to. no. great barm in aU this, exoeipt that it makes the whole system ofgivjiie prizes, an absurdity, destitute, of en couraging effect on eduction, and forming only a tax on the.pockets of fond;,and crednlous parents. But when the system of giving prizes deviates into obvious abuse that isy$t once sillyaod objectioiiabkit ps tupetp protest The o(her: day we ob served . in the pifeedfet ofone school the nameof a pupil who wnsreizarded with, a prize for "truthfulness." It is -diffi cult to imagine any course better calculated to lower the standard of veracity amongst * number of pupils than this. The ideathat amongst a lot of honest rfiadtoR the fectdty of telling the truth, is go rare, the* wfem dis covered it should be rewardedhy the pre sentation of a book in gorgeous and gold binding is sunygy monstroiss. Not to touch the abstyaet ethfeal vies tfon, and looking only--tpthe effect on the minds of gm ohOdrea, it ; ia sorely , apparent that w> < 9mm «0iH ho more de8tmctjve of the £s^ing:o£ the fend ing obligationof truihfulneas, and,*t tha same time, more dqgradqigaiffiiowlting to the children, thau-theoingl^ for hjs possesskmof UOuaLty ttydooght to be presupposed in aiL of them, unfemjireof is by their own conduct ; sffotrifedtu the «*-: tmty; ^Bome han»leae..,w^8i*h»gi0n^t» niMtiw wW bft wiflwit m Jtyipathigiwjmwlw^sotectefc ghOst s»i mgrettod.f,fnd flf migiiiiiiat Itis doiJbilufe& |(anxhm«do»; ' thatfeife.nqt tfcat facilities -will not lie afforded by authorities for aggravating the ; p*adsnment of imprisonmeut by Bach fatal It is desirable to add to the deterrent effect of prison detention, bat it is to be questioned whether this would be • safe way of going about it. There fa strong reason to apprehend that amongst the class for whose moral disci pline punishments are devised and awarded, the late fatal case of over-eating will be en tirely misconstrued. Instead of being re ceived as showing the disastrous conse quences of indulgence in gluttony, it will he . regarded as showing that Pentridge is not so %nd a place after alL It will require a pro longed course of very thin weak, diet to frfrrip.Wte the evil effects of the mistaken lesson that will be drawn from this affair. \- it is becoming increasingly obvious that if the important material resources of the Northern Territory are to be developed, §1 must be done by a class of labour other tbaa European, and several circumstances Send to show that amongst mining managers and other employers the feeling in favour of importing coolies is growing in strength. Both in the north and at the south of the wast territory ruled by the Adelaide Govern meat, a great demand for labour is felt, but at the north thin demand is specialised by the conditions of the country and its climate, iFhe is tropical, and experience all aver the world in tropical latitudes proves that persistent labour by Europeans is. im» m snch a temperature as there Pfmh All attempts made to carry on ifygniar work by Europeans under a tropical San have failed, and there is nothing in the swampy soil, the malaria, and the sweltering heat of North Australia to encourage the belief that the attempt will be more successful there. But, to judge from a recent Victorian precedent, the indus trial question may, perhaps, be complicated with a social one. Have not the European SftbrniTgra, a handful as they are, who have to the north of the continent established by so doing a vested right over the labour market that would preclude the Httroduction of, say, Chinamen, with their drmrmii^T habits, and especially that of mi| jiifr for a shilling a day? And if any tbwH presume,' in defiance of them, to fasport such labour, would not the European puiaftoiim be justified in throwing up and resisting such invasion by of arms? One would like on this to get the report of a committee composed, say, of Mr. Hattam, of Sandhurst, Mr. Philips, M.L.A., and the mayor of Onnes. However, there are imperative cir cumstanoeB that will have more to do with the settlement of this problem than the xowdy dedamations of stump orators. If there fa remunerative work to be done, -wfctch cannot be performed by Europeans, and can be done by Asiatics, it fa only ix* difa should be dearly ap ahd the difficulty will be practically _ lei seditious miners' protection as iP«tftMwa say or do what they may. We have a stout pamphlet of 35 cloeely pdntad pages, giving " the Bev. W. Potter's Jtepiy*'to some statements that had been aatfde suspecting his dealings with the land «f the Baptist Church. of Emerald-hill. With the defence of the rev. gentleman is incor ypfjtaa «the bistbrybfthe Baptist denomi matton on Emersld-hill from the year 1854." »aflttSnw to historical literature is be of interest but to a very limited ^iiiu e£ readers. On looking through ^the Ariicfawe we observe that a groat deal of ifc is deVbtod to 'unravelling theworite than dia Mr. W. Fergu aoh, and the waymwbidhtb^y were counter acted!* the xeaohxtioii oomlnned with resignation ofMrPotter. Judging frointhe ctatementahere made, which, of nsfastt fattmerd^ en fa wbuld Appear Baptist Church Of Emerald-hill has bad A very singular career, and that its progress under the guidance of llxv Potter kttfeeen. a severe etruggle-for existence. Gnrtinfto&sptirtion; that tesrefetence to the ifaugesmade against Mr. Potter, and d (freobnorio'QS Ferguson, we see -that Mr. Fotter cdmito that sll of the allegations \- madareSpecting fhe alienation of the land farfafa pmpuee of payingifis salarywere aSUfaidfaBj txu^ and ventofiW^to^ justify M111101 ijidiim tin qnitn' IrriHrnntr 'Trdr-f bewarifaars thatihem was a special inter aafa&m; of Heaven to permit bdm to efiny ■ilM#l;»Bfa''>fa^^ looked ^;}ij^fai(s"''orv;aei^y-. prcfanO, (tothfi Vtdnm view taken, are— fttkfa&fkotfdente; Interposing "--fta;"Kk1? Wm&tr;&tto;&cm; by means Act'nev^ i'vfattioetfa i%^wy^torfouhd] demanded from a man filling the position that he held. The suggestion which we previously made, that the utterances of Archbishop Vaughan, of Sydney, soon after his arrival, were to be looked upon as the announcement of a Catholic crusade against Anglicanism, seems also to have presented itself to the mind of Bishop Barker. . That right rev. prelate, in laying the other day the foundation of a church at West Balmain, made a speech which was based wholly on the recognition of a challenge in the address of the Catholic Archbishop. He denied the assertion of Dr. Vaughan, that the Church of England is falling to pieces, and that the wise and learned in England are in disgust compelled to turn from the established church to the communion of Borne. Thebishopstrenuously repudiated the idea that, whatever might be the .. difficulties of the age, any relief was to be found in seeking admission to the Church of Rome. The true note of the'i Church of England had always been, "No peace with Borne." "I say this," said the bishop, "because I think there is reasonable cause for saying it. A note has been sounded among us which certainly should be regarded by us all as a note of awakening.. It is proverbial that new lords bring new lawB. Hitherto the law •f Silence has been very carefully observed with respect to many points of controversy between the Church of England and the Church of Borne.' If that silence is now to be broken, and a war of words is to com mence, all I can say is—be it bo. Whatever becomes of Anglicanism, I trust that the Church of England in this diocese will be found ready to meet every event—will be ready on every occasion to vindicate the truth of the Gospel of the grace of God ; and if perilous times do come, I believe that there will not be found wanting leaders either in the church or in the community at large, whose motto will be—Beady—aye Beady." But we cannot but consider that the cause of the failure of any such aggres sion as the hishopapprehends will be found in the quarter we before indicated, the absolute incompatibility of the spirit of propagandism with the conditions Of life in our Australian communities. The attempt to kindle such a spirit here will be found as hopeless as would be an endeavour to organise a 1 pilgrimage to the shrine of Margaret Mary | of Alacoque. The churches are quite con tent to exist within their own limits of race and kindred, and never dream of going be yond them. There is a foolish society in England for the conversion of Jews, and its annuo! report shows that the expense of making a single convert would keep a poor family in comfort all their lives. But who is there in Australia that would give six pence to " convert" all the Jews on toe con tinent, or that believes that toey would be a bit better citizens after than before-? Surely no one. No one believeB that it is-practi cable to convert South of Ireland men to the doctrines of toe Church of England, Scotch men or Ulster men to Catholicism, English men to Presbyterianisto, or to a belief in the infallibility of toe Pope. What influences tone axe at work In onr religious circles never—except, perhaps, in isolated cases produce the effect of conversion. The limits af toe churches are marked out by lines which all toe new and fervent seal of Arch bishop Vaughan will never be aide to change, and which do not require toe sturdy "no surrender " spirit of Bishop Barker for Whenever toe time oomes for the establish rnchtof an Australian High Court of Appeal, there is strongreason to believe that august tribunal will have amongst themost difficult of its tasks that of conducting and harmonising toe principles laid down and the decisions given in toe different Supreme Courts of the colonies—principles and decisions which often appear to be in direct conflict An im portant instanceof such diversityof opinion is'afforded by comparing toe judgment re cently delivered by Mr. Justice Moieswurth in toe:cases of Winter end others against the Queen, withoneon a somewhat aimilar ap plication before the Supreme Court of Queens land* The compariscm need not concern iteelfwito the material facte of cither toe Victorian br toe Queensland casern But in toe i former it was held by Mr. JustioeMoleewDrfh, as tthasalwaysbeen held by thejudges df toe Victorian Bench,$hst where a plaintiff seeking to obtain a graatof lsad feom toe Crinra.cemss into courtandahowstoat he bas complied with toerequirementa imposed upon himbytoe Legislature asponditomsof the issue of such grant, fce must perforoe obtain adecree. Accordingly,-in Such oases wheretoeCourt has held that toe plaintiff bnn •fiStsHiwbftfl stVitmi^AthfifitstcIl ■ to directtheofficers crflheAJtowntoiasue ; the grant ButtheQrieentoandConrthsldh verydifferent vleir.. Ingiring its dacirirm ontoetaee referred to^ttte'ppfaM^ *h» Conrtwas laid down bytofe^&MJnstioeto;: •""" ' land has 'teS'toflal^tmd vmo' t-iSSPkB;; only at the mercy ot the Government of the day. It is evident that while such difference of opinion exists between the chief tribunals of different colonies, an Australian court of appeal would have a difficult task to perforin to introduce harmony where at present there is such diversity. The residents of the Launceston and Western Railway district in Tasmania have long occupied a very contemptible position in the eyes of the Australian colonieB. They are seeking to repudiate liabilities solemnly incurred, and failing the opportunity of evading them, they purpose, or at any rate talk about, resisting them. They for a long while agitated for a railway, and as they were unable to pay for its construction, they, in the words of the flcibart Town Mercury, "dnnned Parliament into guaran teeing their bondB, then into advancing the money on a re-guarantee publicly voted, that the district would repay the interest paid by Government. The district got its railway. It paid nothing for years. When at last it was called on, it made an ad misericordutm appeal, and got indulgence. It then pro tested against being liable for the whole interest,1' and again Parliament treated it with leniency. Now the district wants farther concessions, and not obtaining these it lias held meetings at which the policy of refusing to pay the local rate has been advocated in highly intemperate lan guage. It Ib to he observed that there is no dispute about the equity of the claim or about the district being hound by its own freely-accepted bargain. The only reason for protesting against the rate is that it is found to he inconvenient to pay it The rate, when all is said, is only a fraction of the interest on the loan which the district prevailed upon the Government to guarantee. But the undertaking has been a losing one, and now the principals desire to throw their obligations on the state. Many of the prominent residents are not ashamed to come forward and take* part in the agita tion, and as a recent telegram shows, 66 out of 71 local magistrates have joined in a memorial to the Government not to enforce the rate. This only shows that magistrates do not take any higher estimate of the obli gations of pnblic honesty than other people. Although the district occupies at the present time about as shabby a position as any ever assumed by any section of an Australian colony, and it is to be hoped that its inhabitants will come to see how mean and discreditable a part they are playing. It will much facilitate their arriving at that result if the Government Bhould stand firm, and proceed to give force to its decision with out delay. Our European telegramB put a more hopeful aspect on the condition of the Em peror William, and report that his complaint is flimmfahing. They also inform us of what seems to he a crushing blow to the Car list movement A great body of the Cariists, which is stated by the telegram %t 30,000, have been compelled to surrender to the Republican General Moriones, and should this statement be borne out'by subse quent information we may assume that the chance of the Spanish Pretender fighting his way to a throne is hopelessly extinguished. It would appear that the intemperate zeal of the French biBhops in their pastorals has gone further than even the present ultra conservative and clerical-sympathising Go vernment can tolerate, and the authorities have been compelled, probably by diplomatic pressure, to express their disapproval of the way in which those fanatic prelates endea-. tout to plunge Fiance, without an ally or a' friend, into hostilities with other European nations, to fight the battle of a totally lost came. A political crisis, we are told, has occurred at Madrid, but this news sounds' singularly tame when .told of a country whose existence for the last five years has been one prolonged crisis, with scarcely an interval of repose. The Prussian order of merit has been conferred on Mr. .Thomas Cariyle, and in conferring the honour we may he sure 'the German Government was not so modi distinguishing the historian of "Skitz der Einrige " as rewarding the warm advocate of Germany and Germans, who hid, so often pleaded the eause of the great nation with a feeling that seemed stronger than patriotism. 