i NOTES OP ATOUR FROM OGDEN AND SALT I ! LAKE CITY TO OMAHA, CHICAGO, AND TUE FALLS OF. NIAGAHA, & TORONTO. . [CONTINU*!!.] I (BY TUB HKV. Du. liASO.) . SAIIIIATII. 31BT MAY.-Got up our))', without further inconvenience from my accident than the cicatrix of tho wound, to admiro tho wonderful work of God that was now before me. The scene ii magnificent, sub- lime, overpowering, tho sound of tho Falls is like the rolling of the surf on the shore at 'Newcastle or Wollongong after a storm. Tho American Fall, willoh wai right before my window, extends ov'ci a plain straight surfuco of OOO feet in width, with a fall of 104 feet ; tho Horse Shoo or Canadian Full is a little to tho right, and descends over the interior of a curve like u horse-shoe, with a breadth of 1000 feet unros«, and u fall nf 158 feat. One can scarcely get tired of looking at this magnificent phenomenon. I tommed tn enjoy the sight again ind u juin, and viewed it every time, with us much interest and eagerness ns if I Iud never seen it before. .? At breakfast in tho hotel, our party of passengers generally per the Mikndo wera arranging with anch other to form parties of excursionists to visit all the sights abont Niuguru during ibo doy, forgetting ibo Foui th ('ommandmuntnll thc while, und sotting,but a very indifferent exumple tu tho people of tho place. Knowing, however, that thero was an American town on tho opposito sido of tho river-for we are now in Canada-in which wo might be sure nf finding a Presbyter inn Church, I and my smaller party, pre- ferred crossing tho river and going to church. In doing so we had to crass tho Niagara river, which forms the boundary lina between tho United States and Canada, by n suspension bridie, which is itself a great wonder of construction. Thero is a tower up- wards nf 100 feet in height at euch end of tho bridge, to which the cables that support it aro Hued. It stretches from the ono tower to tho other, 1230 feet, and its elevation above the water of tho river is 2SG feet. It is q light airy structure, and the view from it either of tho Falls or of the river, as it boils and rushes along over the rocks that impedo its rapid descent to II much lower level, is inexpressibly sublime. livery passenger by this bridge, cither to or fro, whether on foot or on horseback or ill a vehicle, hus to psy 25 couts, or uno shilling of our money, for toll. Wc Boon found thc Pre-by terian church in the American city or town of Niagara. It was n highly creditable building of stone, with a tower end spire, and handsomely fitted up within, willi an organ lott, but nu gallery." Tho minister was a Mr Daggetr, Ile gave UH a good practical discourse on tho Lord's Prayer. I made myself known to him at tho close of tho service as a minister of the same communion from tlie ends of thc earth, and ha requeued ma to preach for him in tho evening, which I did accordingly. Tho congregation was very good, and apparently con- sisting of highly respectable and devout people, both morning and evening. The minister thanked ruo very cordially for my sermon both fur himself and his propio. In preaching on such occasions I always think of what was once told lo me by the Into Mr. Allan Cunningham, the colonial botanist nnd ex- plorer fifty yeats slnee. Always when he went out nu Iiis exploratory journeys in tho interior, he took a bag of pouch stones with him, and wherever ho found an eligible piece of ground in the wilderness ho caused it to bc dug up and throw, in u tow of the B ton es, that they might grow up nnd bear fruit, and perhaps servo to quench tho hunger of somo unfortunate person who might have lost his way in tho hush, or to provide a meal for tho wandering abori- gines. A solitary sermon preached in such circum- stances and in such n place as I have mentioned is like n few peach stones thrown into u piece of fertile soil in lire wilderness, it rnny produce fruit for some fellow monal niter murry days. June 1st.-Some of our.fellow passengers, inclu- ding my daughter, chose for a dallar each to get themselves arrayed in Esqutmcaux caps, cloaks, and skins, and to wulk as far as lt was practicable under thc Horse Shop Pall. For my own part I did nut cure for such dilettante experiments, having once my- self been under a water fall, of cour so on a very small scale somewhero in Scotland. The sight of the Falls themselves, and the view from the suspension bridge, the noise of the Palls, and thc bolling und roaring of tho river were enough far mc. Crussed over the suspension bridge once inoro, to tho railway station on the oppusito side, and took our places In the train fur Lewiston, whero thc Niagara river falls into Lnkc Ontario, The distance is only about seven miles and tho rullway follows thc course of the river tho whole way. A prominent object on this pnrt of tho route ls tho monument in honor of Genet il Brock on Quecnstan heights, where lie fell in the year 1812, in the lint American war. It consists of ti lofty column 180 feet high, sur- mounted by a statue ol the lamented General. It is melancholy to think that that »ar, like so many others of our country, wis an unjust und unnecessary war; fur the i ¡¿ht of search on tho high sens, on which Omit Brit un then insisted ns a recognition nf her supremacy on tho neena, but which the Americium rightly resisted, was abandoned by Gent Brimin her- self nt lite close of the war. Lewiston is a pince of minor Importance, thc rail- ways in tho neighbourhood having transferred its trude to more Bulinblc centres. For thc Hist timo slue» we left San Frnncisco, wo change the railway herc fur a steam boat ; this being part of the addi- tional journey for which wc had p.iid nn additional faro ul Sun Francisco. Embarked, therefore, an hoar il the steamer Lachine on Luke Ontario foi Toronto. Laka Ontario is 180 miles long by forty of nverogo breadth, but we were actually out of sight of lund for some lima on our wily to Toronto, the weather being fino but hazy. Toronto, formerly called York, wus tho capital of Upper Canada before thc union of the provinces into tho present dominion It is a (Ino commercial town with a population of 60,000. Tho buildings generally tue not sn ambitious as those of Chicago, but they aro evidently inhabited by n busy commercial and noll, to-do people. Our party, including Mr. Gray and lila sister from Sydney, 10.7k n carriogo tn drive about the town for two or three hours, ns we had dono nt Chicago, lo get a glauco at the piuco during our Blay as our rnilway- tiain for Kingston started in tho even- ing. Wc had thus un opportunity nf seeing most of tho public buildings of the place, including the lloii-e of Assembly, or Provincial Legislature, the cnurt-linuses, and 11 whole series of clim che* of all the usual denominations, Hut the building that tonk my attention most in To- ronto was thu University, which is situated in n fine park, tlncly laid out. Tho Univer-ity of Toronto was established by his Majesty, King George IV. in thc year 1828, und WIIB endowed with a portion of tho educational funds, arising frnm the salo of tho waste lauds, which had been previously grunted In tho pro vince. Uf these funds thu erection of tho University buildings, which ure in tito Norman style of archi- tecture, and very appropriate for tho purpose, nbjorbcil X'100,000. There iomuiii9 of this endowment only about Illly thousand dollars a year, mid that is as yet tile sole endowment af thc University. Thu Univer- sity itself was at length divided, Ilka ibo London University, into two institutions-tho ono for con- ducting examinations nnd conferring degrees, mid thc other, like University College, London, as a Uneliinb institution. Wo i-ero fnrtiinn.o in meeting in tho building the Principal of tho University, thc Hov. Br. M'Caul, evidently from tho North ol' Ireland, to Mhnm I Intri duced my party nnd rryself ns visitors fruin Aus- tralia, ile received us very cointeotisly, and while showing us over thu building hu |',nvo us much interesting imfurmntlon respecting it, and tho course ol education pursued in it. Ono thing I was much Interested in, I inonu the very hw cost holli of board and education for the students, ns computed with tho corresponding ehurgrs lu mir Univemity and colleges. Willi the exception of n leo, of ten diillnrv, equal lo two pounds of our money, tho education in thc university ls virtually free, und board lu Ihn college buildings attached lu the unlveislty, liver which iheto is a Dean nf Residence, ls only three or four dollars a wcok. Tho result of this very dllferent statu ¡ol things is that there uro three hundred students in the university nf Toronto, w hile wo Imvu hitherto hail littlemore limn thirty in ont expensive anil urlstocrallu concern. Thero ls ono thing worthy ofnotieo in connection willi thc lllllvi r-lly nf Tiumito. Although a ihnrnuiihly secular Invitation like nur nun, there is a form ol prayer prescribed fur its I'rnfetsnrs, which I sholl subjoin, together with a Hst ul tho tr.uff of tho university, by way of comparison -, for ulthoiigh conipnriHiiiB uro odious in cutala quartets, tin;v are sometimes very ncccBsaiy and very useful. Thc following is ibo Corporation nf University College Toi on to, 18711 :-Tho Hov. thu President, Or. M'Cmil, L.I..H., Classical Liteinlure, Logic, mid lthetnile-Classical Tutor, W. O, Peniniiin, M.A.! Prul'essor Croit, D.C.L., Chemistry ; Professor Buckland, George, Esq., Agriculture; Professor Clierilmeii, M.A., Mathematics and Natural Philosophy-Mathematical Tutor, J. London, M.A. ; l'rnfcssor Wilson, L.L.I)., History and English Literature ; Professor Clinpman, L.L.D., Mineralogy and Geology ; Professor Kingston, M.A, - Meteor- ology; Professor Nicholson, M.D., Natural History including Zoology and Uotany; Rev. , Professor, Young, M.A., Metsphjsics und Kthics. Mr. Janus London, M.A., 1« also Denn of Residence for ? tho students residing in tho college. 1 N.B.--Lectura rooms ara provided, and suitable hours vrIII be set apart for the religious instruction' of matriculated students by ministers of their respec tlvo denominations. Datlv Prayer for the University College, Toronto ! .-" O Lord nod, ihn Fountain of Light and Truth, from »hum cometh every goad gift unto man, and from whom are derived all our powers and faculties, bits», wo beseech Thee, our labours «nd studies in this college. Preserve us from ignorance, carelessness, und self-conceit, vouchsafe unto us diligence, psllcucc, and a Invn of truth ; and grant both to those who teach, and tlioro who learn, that whilst engaged lu the duties of time, they may ever bc mindful of . the more Impnrtunt interests of ctctnily ; and that through Thy grace they may sn order their thoughts, ward-, and 'actions, ns to ulm not mrrely nt tho welfnto of them- selves and their fellow creature», but . also tit Thy honour and glory.. And this , wo humbly pray , in ibo name and fur tho Bake of Thy Son,. Our Saviour, Jesus Christ. "Our Father which ort tn heaven, hallowed bo Thy »ame, Thy kingdom come, Thv will bu dons in earth as it is in heuvtn, Give us this day our dully bread. And forgive us our trespasses as wa forgive those who trespass against us, And lead us not into temptation, bul deliver us from evil, far Thine is tho kingdnm, and tho power, and the glory, fur ever'and ever, Amen. " The grace of our Lord JCSUB Christ, and tho lova ofOad, and thu fellowship ol'thc Holy Ghost, bo with you all, evermore. Amen." 