ITALIANOPERA.—"PIPBLE." Two years ago this opera buffo was performed at the Theatre Royal, for the first time in thiB colony, win Signor Grand! as Pipele and Signora Cortesi as Madalena. The cast upon its reproduction on Thursday night was the following:— Carlo, Signor Coy ; Cabrione, Signor Tournerie ; Pipele, Signor Baldassari; Don Jacopo, Signor Dondi; Usciere, Mr. G. A. Johnson; Madalena, Signora Magi; Rigolletta, Signora Coy. The attendance was moderately luge. Considered from a m usicai stan d point, *' Pipele" does not rank very high in the estimation of connoisseurs, yet it has the merit of being comparatively ample in its construction. Its vocal parts do not greatly try the voices, the greater part consisting of recitative. The melodies are mostly elegant, resembling more the style of Sir Henry Bishop than any other composer we remember. SigBor Baldassari seemed exactly in his element. Since the opening night he has only appeared in three or four characters, but he has shown so much dramatic power as to excite a general desire to hear and see him again. That desire was gratified on Thursday evening. The Signor must, we think, have more than realized the expectations of his admirers. The testy, irascible, snappish, cantankerous, yet withal good-tempered, well-meaning, and benevolent Parisian erocheteur was presented to the life. The amusement created by his singing and acting, taken in connection with the clever and artistic performances of Signora Magi and Signor Dondi, was immense. Laughter held its sides to prevent its lapsing into convulsions. Tne more serious business fell to the lot of Signor and Signora Coy, The latter sang with much taste, and was frequently applauded to the echo. Some rather large slices were cut out, and the last act was divided into two parts. The curtain fell at about half-past 10 o'clook. "I LOMBAEDL" This romantic opera is to be performed tonight for the first time in the colony. The scene is laid first in the Island of Rhodes, and then in Palestine. Act I. represents a square in front of the Church of St. - Ambrose, where' Arvino with a number of citizens is welcoming back his brother Pagano, who had some years before—excited by jealousy—attempted to stab him, and then fled from the island. Pagano now returns apparently penitent; but his jealousy is again aroused on seeing the preference which Violinda has shown to his brother. The scene now changes to the interior of the palace of Folco, where Pagano, aided by Pirro, having formed a plot to murder his brother, and carry off Viclinda—prepares for his dreadful deed. Pirro places soldiers in different parts who aretoset fire to the palace, while Pagano enters Arvino's appartments, and having, as he thinks, put his unfortunate brother to death, he returns with the wretched Viclinda, who calls loudly upon her husband to save her. Arvino then suddenly appears, followed by his daughter Giselda, and a number of servants bearing torches. Pagano is horror-struck at seeing his brother, and asks wildly who he has killed. On finding that it is his own father, he attempts to stab himself, but is prevented from doing so by the attendants. Act n. The scene is now changed to Palestine, where Pagano, overcome by remorse for the murder of his father, has taken refuge, and lives disguised as a hermit, fie fcas gained great reputation for his piety; and Krro, who G066 not know him in his disguise, comes and confesses to him that he has aided a parricide. Meanwhile Arvino has been summoned to the Crusades by Peter the Hermit He, too, seeks tbe " Hermit of the Cavern," and pours forth to him the sorrows of his overburdened heart, his daughter Giselda has been stolen from him, and taken to the harem of Oronte. The hermit promises that before the dawn of the next day Arvino shall be master of the city, • and his daughter shall be given up to him, for Pirro. who has the charge of the city gates, has agreed to let the Christians in. The next scene lepresents the interior of Oronte's palace, where Giselda, surrounded by the women of the harem, offers up a prayer to the Virgin for protection. She has fallen deeply in love with Oronte, whose mother, Sophia, 16 a Christian ; but she prays to see her father again. Her prayer is soon answered, for Arvino, the hermit, and several knights, suddenly enter. Giselda is about to rush into her father's arms when she perceivesmarks of blood on hi* hands, and shrinklng from him, she denounces the holy wars as most unholy and wicked. Act JIL Gisslda is seen wandering in the Valley of Jehosaphat. She is bewailing her unhappy fate, when she is surprised at beholding Oronte, whom she has believed to be dead. He tells her he has been obliged to fly from the enemy, and his life is now in danger; but she declares her determination to go with him whereever he may wander. Accordingly they fly together, and are next seen in the hermit's cavern, where Oronte lies wounded, attended by Giselda and the hermit Giselda is frantic with despair, and madly accuses heaven of having forsaken her, while Oronte declares himself a Christian, and with one last embrace falls dead. Act IV. Giselda is alone in a cavern, when the ghost of Oronte appears to her and tells her that she shall soon join him in heaven. He also charges her to tell the Crusaders not to be discouraged and they shall possess tbe Holy Land. Arvino and a number of pilgrims and women then enter the cave, and to them Giselda relates fcer vision. The hermit, too, is carried in wounded and dying. In his last moments he reveals his real name to his astonished brother, and entreats his forgiveness, which is quickly granted, and thus Pagano ends his days. 