A Soldier's Praycr-Ituok aud Alinauac. When the 60th Begiment of Foot wbb once stationed in a large English oity, the sergeant ? commanded his party to the Cburcb, and when tho parson had endod bis prayer, he took his text, and all of them that bad a Bible pulled it out to find the text; but Riohard Middletou, a private soldier, had neither Biblo, alaiunac, nor oommon prayer-book. He put his hand in his pocket and pulled out a pack of cards, aud sproad them ' before him as he sat. While the parson was ' preaching he first kept looking at one card and then at another. -? The sergeant of tho ooropany saw him, and said, ' Richard, put up your oarda; for this ia no ? place for thorn.' iglwafBBISHBBHMit'tti ' Never mind that,' said tho soldier, 'for you havo no business with me here.' When tlio pareon had endod hia sermon and all was done, tho soldiers repairod to the ohurohyard, and tbo commanding officer gavo tlio word of command to fall iu, which they did. Tho sergoant of the city took tho soldier prisoner. 'Man, you are my prisoner,' said the sergeant. ' Mo ?' said tho soldier, ' What have I done that I should bo your prisoner ?' ' You have played a game of oards in churoh,' said tbo sergeant. Said the soldier *? I havo not played a game of cards in cburoh ; I only looked at a pack.' ' No matter for that, you ara my prisoner.' ' Where must wo go?' asked the soldior. ' You muBt go before the Mayor of tho city.' said the soldier. So he took him before tho Mayor, nnd when they came to the Mayor's house, he was at dinner. When ho had dined, ho oamo to them and said, ' Well, sergeant what do you want with me.' ' I have brought a soldior before your Honor for playing at oards in the churoh.' 'What I that soldier?' '.Yes.' ' Well, soldier, what have yon to say for your self?' ' Muoh, sir, I hope.' ' Well and good ; but if you havo not, you shall bo punished the worst thot over man was.' ' Sir, said the soldier, ' I have been fi»e weeks upon the march, and hate but little to subsist on, and am without either Bible, almanac, or common prayer-book, or anything but a pack of eards. ^ I hope to satisfy your Honor of tho purity nf nw lnrnntinna ' Then the soldier pulled out of his pocket the pack of cards, whioh he spread before tho Mayor, and began with the ace. ' When I boo the ace,' said he, ' it puts me in mind that there is one God only; when I see the deuoe, it puts me in mind of the Father and the Son ; when I see the tray, it puts me in mind of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; when I see the four, it puts me in mind of the four Evangel ists that preached the Gospel, viz., Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John ; when I see tho five, it puts me in mind of the five wise virgins that trimmedtbeir lamps— there were ton, but five were foolish, and were shut out ; when I see tbo six, it reminds me that in six dnya the Lord made heaven aud earth ; when I see the seven, it puts mo in mind that on the seventh day God rested from all the works he had created and made— wherefore the Lord blessed the seventh day and hallowed it ; when I see tho oight, it puts me in mind of tho eight righteous persons who were saved in the ark when God drowned the world, viz., Noah and his wife and his three sons and their three wives ; when I see the nine I am reminded of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour — there wore ten, but nine never returned God thanks ; when I Bee the ten, it puts me in mind of ten commandments that God gave to Moses on Mount Sinai on the two tables of stono.' ' When I see the queen, it puts mo in mind of tho Qaeen of Sheba, who came from the further most parts of the world to hear tho wisdom ol King Solomon, and who was as wise a woman as be was a maD, for she brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, to show before King Solomon, for him to tell whioh were boys and which girls, but be could not tell until be called for water to wash themselves ; the girls washed up to their elbows, and the boys only to tbeir wrists, so King Solomon told by that ; and also of Queen Elizabeth, to pray for her ; and when I see the 'King, it puts me in miud of the Great King of Heaven and earth, whioh is God Almighty.' ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' you have given a very good description of all the cards except one, which is lacking.' ' What is that ?' asked the soldier. ' The kaave, said the Mayor. ' Oh I can give your Honor a good description of that ; if your Honor won't be angry.' ' No I will not,' said the Mayor, ' if you will not term me the knave.' 'Well,' said the BOldier, ' tbo greatest knave that I know of is the sergeant of the city, who brought me bore ' 'I don't know,' said the Mayor, ' that he is the greatest knave, but I am Bure he is tho greatest fool.' ' I shall. now show your Honor how I use the cards as an almanac' , . ' Yoa certainly are a clever fellow,' said tho Mayor, ' but T think you will have a hard matter to make that appear.' ? ; ' When Icouoc how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find thero are three hundred and sixty -five ; there are so many days in a year.' ' Stop,' said the Mayor, ' that's a mistake.' , 'I grant it,' eaid'tho soldier, 'but as 1 have never yet seen an almanac that was thoroughly correot in all points, it would have been impossible for me to imitate an almanac exactly — without a mistake.' ' Your observations are very correct,' said the Mayor ; ' go on. ' When I oount bow many cards fhere are in a pack, I find there ere filty-two; there are so many weeks in the year. WheB I count bow many tricks tbere are in a pack, I find there are thirieen ; there are bo many months in a year. So you boo, air, that this pack of cards is a Bible, almanac, common prayer-book, aDd a paok of oards, all in one.' Then the Mayor took a loaf of bread off tbe table, and gave it to the soldier, and said to him, ' This time, soldier, you may go, but the noxt time you go to oburoh, tako a T5iblo, like other folks, and keep your own to uso upon the tnaiol;. Here is a loaf for you, for if you subsisted five days marching on » pack of cards, having noitber Bible, almanac, nor common prayer-book, you must now be huDgry. You may go.' , '' I 