VICTORIAN MEMS. • — — Mr, Geo. Copnin has given £20 to the Magdalen Asylum, and £10 to the Reformatory school, both of whim are under tlxe cliargc of the Nuua of the Tll-^Hebrew residents of the colony intend raising a fund to be devoted to the relief of their necessitous co-religionists in Jerusalem, who are at present suffering from the famine in the Holy- Land. Hospital committees seem determined to treat tlieir officials like school boys. At the Inst meeting of the Alfred Hospital, it was decided that in future no medical officer or other official shall be permitted to keep a dog on the premises, without receiving permission from the committee. Some idea of the immense demand in Melbourne for local newspapers may lie gathered from the fact that the Melbourne Age, the leading morning penny paper, circulated, during the week ending 27th June, a total of 132,943 copies. The Age has probably the largest circulation of any daiiy paper in the Australian colonies. Gentlemen connected with the legal profession nre proverbial for the smartness of their charges. The following item, however, taken from a bill of costs recently furnished in the Ballaratdistrict, is a piece of rather close shaving in this respect *. —" Being present when M— and M— received a note stating all had been squared, 10s." The Hampden Guardian states :—What is described as being a slight shock of an earthquake was felt by several residents in and around Camneidown on Sunday night, or l-ather early on Monday morning. The sensation experienced by two or three residents in Caniperdown was that of a tremulous motion, accompanied by a noise ass though a quantity of stones were being thrown violently on the road. The same none was heard by a gentleman resident some three miles from the township, and a slight vibration was also felt in the same locality. A foreigner, who states he is an artist, has informed the friends of Miss Pettett, the young lady who so mysteriously disappeared from her school some weeks since, and of whom nothing lias since been iieard, that about five weeks ago lie encountered a girl answering the missing young lady's description near Longwood. The girl the man encountered seemed half famished, and inquired the way to Albury, her intention appearing to be to proceed on foot to Sydney. The announcement of the reward of £50, offered by Miss Pettett's friends for her recovery, has uot been withdrawn. " Mr. Onslow, M.P., has written to a resident of Balhirat, and sent tlie description of a man hanged in Melbourne in 1855, whom he asserts was no other than Arthur Orton. Inquiries have been instituted at the gaol to prove the truth, or other wise, of the assertion, and the nearest approach to the uiau described by Mr. Onslow is that of Alfred H. Jackson, who was executed at Melbourne on 24th November, 1855, for robbery under arms. This man had scans on his neck and chin an anchor and the initials A. H. on his left arm, and also a crucifix on the back of his left hand. This description tallies only in some particulars with that sent by Mr. Onslow. At the meeting of the Royal Society on Mon day, papers by Mr. Francis Corbett,on Abyssinian Tube Wells, and bv Mr. Sydney Gibbons, on the subject of Cremation, were read. The system advocated by the latter gentleman is that of ilacing bodies in a reverbatory furnace, by which ile showed that they would speedily be reduced to broken boues and a small quantity of ashes. In the discussion which followed, the chief argument raised against the practice was the impossibility of detecting deaths from poison unless portions of each body were retained froni the general burning. The following appointments arc notified in the Government Gazette of the 10th inst.:—Mr. James Holderness, of El Dorado, to be a commissioner of the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria for taking affidavits; Mr. J. Holmes, of Wangaratta, and Mr. A. W. Howitt, of Beechworth, to be guardians to consent to the marriage of minors in their respective districts ; Mr. A. W. Howitt, P.M., to be returning officer for the electoral district of the Ovens, in place of Mr. F. Brown, J.P., resigned ; and Dr. Nicholson, of Benalla, to be a deputy coroner of Victoria, and to act at Benalla. One day last week, says the Bullarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creel: News, a young eouplc were united in. the bonds of wedlock al Balhirat. A few days before the wedding, some I iiiay state I should prefer something useful to liiy husband and myself." Nothing more was said on either side, but when the happy couple went to their home after the church (lor they were too wise to ford away money on their wedding trip), they found the following few useful articles had been sent theui by some real friends—a 200lb. bag of flour, keg of potted butter, several yards of flannel and calico, a complete set of kitchen utensils, quarter-chest mixed lea, bag of sugar, side c bacon, useful clock, plain hut neat set of crockery ' ware, knives, forks, spoons, and glassware, tw ' good winter dresses (in the piece), complete set of bedding, and enough household groceries to last for at least six months; added to this, a vocci»< for & year's rent of the cottage was laid on t parlor table, and so also were two £10 notes, pinned on a piece of pnjier, on which was written —"To purchase something useful." Were not these nice presents ? and now much better for young folks starting housekeeping than a lot of jewellery and trash! Without lifting tlie veil from what is and ought to be sacred—a newly formed home—I may state the delight of the good little 'wife, on viewing her treasures, was only equalled by that of tlie deserving young follow who now possesses lier.J An attempt was made, on the 6th inst, to bum down tlie foundary of Mr. Ruddock, Sandhurst, but it was discovered in time and prevented. Judge Rogers has been appointed to act as deputy judge of the County Court, Melbourne, from the 8th to the 31st instant, acting for Judge Cope. The Herald says that at the departure of the last mail the Chief Justice was in London, and was occasionally the guest of Sir. Michic, Q.C., the Agent-General. Dr. Macdonald has given notice that at the next meeting he will lay upon the table an overture to the General Assembly relative to a federation of the various Presbyterian Churches throughout the world. The following return shows the amount of *rain conveyed on the Victorian railways to Mel Iwurne for the week ending July 11 :—Wheat, 40 bags ; flour, 1,150 ; oats, 20 ; barley, 55 ; bran, &c.;, 1,088 ; potatoes, 1,778; peas, 18 chicory, 88. Total, 4929 bags. Bv -.- a - new arrangement „ between the Postmaster- General on the one part, and the P. and O. Com- I pany on the other, the vessels of the latter carrying the Indiau and Australian mails will henceforward pass through the Suez Canal, and a saving of time will be the result, tlM is if the hoats that enter the canal do uot stick there. The Treasurer will, by the outgoing mail, forard the debentures necessary for the placing of loan of a million and a half sterling, authorised by the Railway Loan Act of 1873, on the Loudon market. The banks in this case will be simply die agents. The loan will bear interest at 4 per cent, and be redeemable in 1899. A youth named Brooks caused some amusement at Sandhurst on the 0th inst. He was very fond of a damsel frail but fair, and becoming jealous of her attentions to others, he showed her a phial of poison, and put it to his Hps. The lady gave the alarm, but it was found the enamoured man had partaken of nothing stronger than an overdose of alcohol—no doubt poison. Says the Wangaratta Dispatch :—We were somewhat surprised to hear the other day that the Railway Celebration Committee were still indebted to a contractor in the sum of £25, part for work and labor done, and materials supplied, and part for the deposit he had lodged on tendering for the work. We think the little bill ought to lie settled at oucc, more especially as we be lieve wc are correct in stating that all the other accounts have been settled. Mr. Justice Moles worth gave judgment on Fri day on an application to sequestrate the estate of Miss Frances Hodgson, who is well known in conncction with litigation about property in Rich uiond and Collingwood. The petitioning creditor was Mr. F. W. Joues, who had obtained a judgment against her for £630, which she did not satisfy when asked by the sheriff's officer to do o. His Honor considered that the act of insoleucy was proved, and lie therefore made absolute the rule to sequestrate the estate. A cure of snake- bite by means of ammonia and « some glasses of the best spirits " is reported by the Pieu fant Creek Xem. The patient was bitten by a whip-snake on the Tight hand at Burrumburrum, and several doses of ammonia were administered by his employer, Mr. Walker, who also scarified the wound, and rubbed ammonia into it, Tlie man was then sent to Stawell, but on arriving there the doctor he consulted said he was out of danger, and highly commended the treatment that had been adopted. A selector has cleared about five acres of land on M 4 Donald's track near Tarralgon, and sown a reat number of different grass seeds in small Square patches, pegging out each square and labelling the different sorts. The result of this experiment is being anxiously watched by numbers of others. The light scrub only has been cleared and burnt; the heavy trees rung, and the grass seed thrown on the unprepared surface, and liarrowed in with branches. The cost of clearing per acre is estimated at £2 10s. The great intercolonial tournament of Australian ploughmen, to be held at Bumunbeet (Victoria), on the 231x1 September, is likely to be a success, judging from the energetic and timely a Mirations being made by the committee of the arat Agricultural Society. Circulars have been issued to upwards of forty of the leading agricultural societies of Victoria, New Sont-h M s j r a a d Wales, Queensland, South Australia, and Tasmania, and the prize list oilers up wan Is of £300, There are six prizes for single furrow ploughs, £50, £30, £20, £10, £6, and £3 ; five for doublefurrow ploughs, £20, £15, £10, £5, and £3 : and six for boys under 18, £0, £5, £4, £3, £2, and £1. On the day following, the Burrumbeet and Windermere annual match will be held, for which, and the champion match, GO acres of laud (virgin soil preferred) are being advertised for by the society. Messrs, J. and R, Callaghan, the boot importers, who were proceeded against last week at the District Court, it being alleged that they had defrauded tlie Customs Department of duty on certain cases of hoot s, do not appear to be satisfied to let the matter rest, Mr. Ireland, it will be remembered, appeared for the defendants at the court, but the Bench refused to recognise liim as their advocate unless lie were prepared with an affidavit under the 223rd section of tlie Customs Statute. On Saturday, an application was made to his Honor Mr. Justice Fellows, for a rule nisi to rest rain the order of confiscation made by the District Bench, on the ground that the magistrates had not the power under the section of t he act referred to to refuse to hear Mr. Ireland in his client's defence. Mr. Ireland and Mr. Luwes, who made the application, presented a number of affidavits in its support., and his Honor, considering thiit the section did not refer to the Police Court, granted the rule, which was made returnable for the 25th inst,, when it will be argued before the Supreme Court It is reported that tenders will be invited for the first half of the Wangaratta and Beechworth Branch Railway next week. An Annidale paper says a miner has bought another miner's wife for £30 cash, the seller to keep the children already bom. A monster sheep from Mr. Dodd's statiou, near Caniperdown, was exhibited in Ballarat last week. It was estimated to weigh 1801b. At a meeting in the council chamber, Daylesford, it was resolved to form a scri cultural company, the capital to be £2000 in £L shares. Provisional directors were appointed. The revenue return? lor the year were published ill a special Government Gazette on Monday. The total receipts are £4,l70,0o0, and the gain over last year is £318.345. Mr. H am Bartlott, landlord of the Criterion Hotel, Doveton-street, Ballarat, has been commissioned by the Indian Government to purchase a number of hoiscs in these colonies for military purposes in India. . The contributions sent to the Editor of The lAntm for the benefit of the poor bovs who lost thuir amis by accident at Portland now amount to upwards of £1,(530. The money has come principally from the children of the 'state schools. It has been resolved that the money subscribed 19 years since to the Fawkner fund shall be devoted to the purpose of having a portrait.of the late father of the colony painted. It is not known whether the committee intend sending the commission home for execution or not. The tunnel at Stony Creek Waterworks, near Geeloug, which, being a mile and a quarter in length, through tough rock, presented immense difficulties in boring, has at length been completed, having been nearly thirteen months since the first blast of dynamite was put in. The proprietors of the Theatre Royal have commenced legal proceedings for libel against the elbourne Evening llaahl, in connection with ome strong remarks recently published bv that ournal relative to the distribution of moneys eceived on ccrtaiu benefit nights. The damans re said to be laid ot £5000. At a meeting of the Committee of (he Ovens nd Murray Agricultural Society held list Saturay afternoon, the following gentlemen were placed conditionally on the Committee:—Vice- President, Mr. R v . M'Bean; Committee, J. Turubull, J. Graves. Wm. Telford, M. O'Donnell Henry Connolly and Henry Kctt. Tlie first meeting, of the council of the Old Colonists' Association for the present year was held on Monday afternoon, at the ofliccs of the association, his Honor Judge Pohhnan in the Chair. Mr. J. B. Were was elected president, Dr. Barker vice-president, and Mr. John Mackenzie treasurer, for the current year. Correspondence was read and one new member proposed. Daylesford (says the Mercury) can claim to have perhaps one of the steadiest dividend paying claims in the colony. The legal manager (Mr. Sainsbury) said on Thursday week, at the agricultural society's dinner, that the Cornish United claim, sitice the company was registered, had paid each £25 shareholder £500 in dividends, or 2,<>00 per cent, on his investment. A mysterious roblieiy was effected at the Bank of Australasia, Geelong, on the 4th inst. The messenger discovered a quantity of notes in an unusual place, aud reported this to the manager. Upon counting the money in the bank eighty-five pounds were found to be missing. The officials and the messenger were interrrogated by the manager without auy satisfactory results being obtained. Tiie Ballarat Courier has found out another mare's nest about the Tichborne claimant : An informant lias stated to that journal that he was wrecked with the real Roger Tichborne. The men took a boat, and hunger pressing them, lot: were cast to see who should be eaten, and the lot fell on Roger, who " disappeared"—deponent sayeth not where. How many more yarns,are we to have manufactured ? By the last mail from England, the Colonel Commandant received a letter from Colone Scratchley, stating that as the Imperial Govern uient has finally decided as to the alterations to bi mode in the Martini-Henry rifle, for future use in the service, he will be aide to ship 200 of th perfected weapons by a vessel leaving shortly afte the date of his advice. The remainder of th rifles will be shipped monthly as rapidly they nre completed and delivered at the agent jeneraVs office. Tlie probable great demand for bricks of a good quality for the formation of culverts and bridges along the line of railway known as the " black line," has induced a number of practical working men in Geelong to form themselves into a second company, and negotiations are now pending for the purchase of 25 or 35 acres of laud close to the Geelong aud Ballarat road, near Bellpark, where suitable clay lias been found upon which to carry on operations. As to the. new Vaccination Bill now before the Legislative Council, a circular has ]>ecn sent t< members by tlie Medical Society of Victoria which " protests against the appointment of unqualified vaccinators, for the following reasons 1\. Vaccination requires to be performed uude conditions which qualified men only are competent to determine. 2, Such appointments would introduce the very unde.sira1.ile practice of accepting medical certificates from non-medical men 3\. They would encourage irregular practice generally. 4. they would put an arbitrary power into the hands of persons who would be very likely improperly to exercise it. As the Medical Society numbers upwards of 100 members, it. may fairly be taken to represent the.' opinion of the profession in this colony, and I (lion, sec.) have, therefore, very respectfully to request the favor of your attention to these Toreiioino: objections, when the bill conies on for the third reading in the Legislative Council." " Acclimatises will be glad t<"> learn," says the Ballarat Star, "that Dr. Whitcon/l* has received intelligence from Mr. M. Seal, in Tasmania, that 1500 trout ova will be sent this yeai' J '°r Ballarat, and 1000 for Clunes, in the usual seas. •)», probably about the md of August." A return to an older of the Legisl Assembly, on the niotiou of Mr. Young, shu wing the a,,e number of slate schools with an average I "'" 1 10m mice of 50, 50 to 15(1, 150 to 500, and 50(11. , > was laid on the table on Tuesday by Mr. Mi. The return showed that the number of sc. ;u,s having an average attendance of under 50 scho was 539, over 50 but under 150, 364; over 1 50 but under 501, 140; over 500 but under 10(h '» 2 ; total number of schools, 1071. It is conjectured that there are some shipwrecked people on one of the islands in Bass's Straits. Captain Duncan, of the buique Palace, states that on his voyage from Wangaroa, N.Z., when passing the outer Sisters Island, at (5 p.m. on the 12th inst., he saw a light on shore, but ouhl not make out distinctly what it was. The weather at the time was threatening, and the barque had to keep away from the island. Captain Duncan thinks that the light must hive, been made by some castaw ays from .some wrecked vessel. A peculiar and withal suggestive practical comment upon the working of the luud policy of the colonv was read in the Assembly last Tuesday night. The board of advice for the Malakoil' district petitioned the Education Department last September for the election of u State school, Tlie matter was referred to the inspector, whose report was lead by the Minister of Instruction. It stated that " a permanent, school was not likely to be needed, as the population consisted of smaR selectors, who would have to sell their holdings, which were too small to support them.'' This is an unsatisfactory settlement of the people on the land of the colony. The Wangaratta Dispatch reports a case of some importance to growers and dealers in grain. A case cropped up at the Belial la Police Court, in which 111'. J. C. Summers was arraigned on n charge of larceny as a bailee, the prosecutor being a farmer named Ryan. It appeal* that Mr. Hy.m sent sonic wheat to Mr. Summers to lie stored for four months, on an understanding that at any time within the period he could if lie so desired, sell. Mr, Summers sold the wheat, and when prosecutor came for it he found it gone. Mr. Evans declared this was quite a usual custom amongst millers who received grain to l»e stored without charging for it. The case was dismissed. Mr. Roche, agricultural implement maker of Geelong, lias just turned out a plough on a new pattern, with the view of having its qualities tested at the forthcoming ploughing mutches. The greatest difference between it and ordinary ploughs is the increased breadth at the junction of the share with the mould board ; the ordinaiy ireadth being 3iitu, while in this instance it is 6Hn. Instead of being perpendicular the side of the share next the land shews an angle of 45 - and the upper edge is curved so as to save the comb and prevent the up turned sod from being broken. With this new plough it is anticipated that, the work performed will be done easier and cleaner than with the ploughs hitherto used. The Hendifja Adrertiser is answerable for the following story of what it calls a useful dog :— " Dogs are very sagacious, and can be highly trained. On Saturday afternoon there was observed a performing dog, who, if he has not received a good training, is uncommonly alive to the probable wants of his master. The dog was seen standing in front of Mr. Stewart's boots!)op in Pall Mall, and was apparently intently watching l shopman. The shopman was busy with a aistomer, and presently the dog went cautiously b the doorway, where a number of boots were exposed for sale, seized hold of a pair, and made off with them at full speed, followed by one of the shopmen. The thief, finding he was pursued, dropped his 'plunder,'ami ran out of sight." Speaking of the Rev. J. K. M'Millan, the O. iwi M. A('rarii*er says :—"This gentleman, a Presbyterian clergyman, as most of our readers aware, and one of the first ministers in Beechworth, is now on a short visit to this part of the country. II<' preached in the Presbyterian Church on the first Sunday of this month, and, we need scarcely say, received a very cordial welcome from his old congregation, who must be ndeared to him by many associations. But not from them alone, as he was warmly received by uiauv others outside the congregation, who had joined with hint in many a good work at the time that the men of Beechworth made it what it now is. Lust Sunday he preached at Chiltem, when— in the evening* especially'—one of the largest congregations ever seen there assembled in the church. Ou Sunday next he is to preach at Vackandandnh. It inust be pleasing to ministers to return after many years to the scenes of their former labors, and find that they have not been forgotten." We. regret to have to record another mining accident. which occurred at Milkman's Flat, near Beechworth, on Wednesday morning, and by which a well known miner named John Lyons met with an immediate death, and Mr. S. Wright a member of the Bcecliworth Mining Board, received serious injuries. So far as particulars have as yet come to our knowledge, it seems that the two men named above and four others, Webb, • Brady, Booth and Hill were at work in the claim, when the bank, some twenty-five feet high, gave way. Lyons was iustantly crushed to death, and Sir. Wright would probably Jiaveshared his fate, had not Webb, seeing some signs of the coming dragged him a little aside. He was, however, exposed to great peril, and was in danger of getting drowned or suffocated by the mixed del iris which overwhelmed him. We regie! (hat one of his arnib'is broken, and that; be suffers from several nasty cuts and contusions. H is a sad coincidence that the brother of Lyons was killed in the same claim some three or' four ycuiu ago, leaving a widow a«4 three children, to whom the man who died on Wednesday lias ever since given a litmus. A schedule of salaries, wages, and contingencies in connection with the Railway Department was laid lsefore Parliament on Tuesday. The total iiiiimuil is .£9,864. « A survev party, under the leadership of Mr. C. S. Baker, arnvt-d «t Woodeml on Monday morning last," the A'j/iicfoa Gu4ir>h'nn slates, "fo thepurjwse of surveying ti rente for 1he proposed railway to Blackwood ami Daylesford. The survey camp has been formed in the vicinity of the Tin Hut on tin; OampasiK-, about fiveor six miles from Woodend, and t lie work will be pushed forward as vigorously as possible." In the Equity Court, Melbourne, on Wednesday, an application was made to vasr the report made by the master in lunacy in regard lo the estate of n lunatic named Leece, who formerly lived at Beechworth. The ijucstimi involved in the matter was whetlier the committee. of the estate should be allowed certain expenses charged in connection with its management. Judgment was reserved. A wholesale fin tighter of sheep (says the K>wiOH Gtvmliau) was effected by the mail train to Melbourne on Holiday night. A considerable portion of a flock which was lieing travelled to Melbourne had strayed on to tin- line a little beyond the Lunslii'M mid station, and had camped on the rails. The train ran right into t]ie sheep and killed about, eighty of them. Tlx- wheels of the engine, carriages, etc,. were so closed with: portions of the carcases that the train did not reaeh Melbourne till very marly nudnight. The fial&.ral Courier reports :—" A fatal «cei- dent occurred on Monday lust, at Jackson's Gully Little Hani Hills. Two bids were working in an old drive, when the roof Ml in. killing one. The other, named Buck, fortunately escaped with a lew bruises. Much sympathy is felt for the another of the deceased, who was assisting to supliort the family. Mrs. Sparling, the mother, lost tier husband some time since at Geelong, whew he was accidentally killed." Two ingenious inventions have been made by Mr. R. Vines, saddler, of Windsnr. One in the introduction of what may be termed canteen kneepads for saddles, the ordinary pads made hollow and lined with me. so that they can be used for carrying water or other liquids in the bush. The top is turned into a tup, and the contents are drawn off at the bottom. The other invention is one by which the .sides of the winkers of driving bridles can be removed by means of a spring without removing the bridle from the horse's head. The novelties cau be seen at Mr. Morris's 194 Elizabeth-street. ilr. W. A. C. A'Beckett asked leave in the Legislative Council, on Wednesday, to bring in bill to amend the Police Offences Statute, with a view to provide for the punishment of the lasli being administered to the class generally known as larrikins. The lion, member did not go so fains to propose to whip small juveniles, but he would have the "cat" used on youths of huge growth, who have been convicted twice of the wilful destruction of property, limiting the number of strokes to twenty. On its being pointed out by the Commissioner of Public Works that the Government are preparing a comprehensive measure dealing with all kinds of offences committed by larrikins, Sir. A'Beckett consented to withdraw his motion for the time being. With reference to the Maliushurv branch of the Bank of Victoria and its late manager, we learn irom the Kyndon Guardian that a meeting of Mr. Evurist's creditors was to be held on Wednesday evening, when it was understood that debts to the amount of ,£-SOi) would Ije represented. Hotel and livery .stable-keepers, the Guardian rays, "are amougst the. largest creditors, some of the former having been patronised to amounts varying from £50 to £80. We regret to hear that the deficiency in Sir. Everist's accounts is likely to turn out to lte far more .serious tlian wo had previously represented it. We leaiti from an authority which we can hardly call in question, that the total defalcations will prove to lie not less than £lflltO, while others represent the amount as being considerably in excess of that sum.—A ryua. About 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning a collision took place on the Victorian Railway line, near the Kcilor station, by which two men named Henry West and Jolui Furlong, aged twenty-one and thirty-six years respectively, received injuries which necessitated their removal t o t he Melbourne Hospital. It appears that some waggons, unattended by any engine, were removing iron mils from the station down an incline, with the two men in charge. The morning being foggy, the JUCH did not see that there was a luggage-train in the station until too late to stop the waggons, and the result was a collision. The nearest one was smashed, and West was crushed between the rails and the waggon, and sustained several bruises to a leg and hand. The injuries received by both men were happily not severe; and it wiis only found necessary to admit West. Furlong, after having his injuries looked to, was discharged. OAT CHAFF BEDS,—A most soft, comfortable, and wholesome filling for beds or for mattresses can be procured in most country places by getting a farmer to allow oat chaff to uo saved. It is soli:, light, and elastic, and very sweet. The cost, is very little. Oat chaff is so very light that a slighter ltind of bed- tick than is necessary for other kinds of filling is .quite sufficient. Another advantage is that the chaff can he changed wit h do little, cowl that it. is will) in t he reach of any one. For children's beds it is perfectly satisfactory. It s only necessary to keep a sack or two stuffed full of oat chaff in a dry place, and then new and fresh filling ie at hund to make a Bweet bed, whatever accident way have befallen the cot mattress, vsdte. At St. Matr's Pro-cathedral on Sunda" the, Rev. V. CoUetti received, at the hands of Iris Orace Dr. Pokling, the cap of a Doctor of Divinity, ana publicly made the profession of faith usual on such occasion*. uian named James Warue, employed as a eymon syi shoemaker at Currawang, fell down Attdculy on Friday week last, and died. A verdict of death from suffocation by the rupture of a blood-vessel, was returned by a coroner's jury, under direction. A man named James Sulliran has been committed to stand his trial at the Annidale Circuit Court on the charge of having muidered his brother, David Sullivan, a selector, near Lismore, Richmond River. It appears that the (wo Sullivans, who were working together with a third brother ami another man, had some angry words at breakfast one morning, when .Tames drove a knife which he had in his hand into David's heart. A widow and throe children afe left almost desolate. We {Pilot) regret to state that a difficulty lias arisen at the Port Waratidi Smelling Works, which has resulted in a strike among the men, and temporary stoppage of operations, except as regards the calciners and refiners. The cause of the strike is that the customary " prize money" beyond the usual paj', given to the men for drawing*a certain number of charges in a specified time, has been stopped by the managers without sufficient notice. A new chum German boy, who was recently lost in the bush in the Maryborough district in Queensland, showed a keenness of intellect in his troubles of which an experienced bushmau might be proud. Having wandered for over two days and two nights without succeeding in finding a track, he fell in with a lot of working bullocks, and-remained with them until the driver came and took him and them to his camp. A rather objectionable opinion of the rights of man was practically expressed a day or two ago, by which Mr. George Stair was put to some inconvenience, and possibly, loss. Three horses which were running in that gentleman's paddock were turned out, and thirteen, the property of some one else, put in. The gate of the paddock was previously secured. Two of Mr. Mair s horses have since been recovered, but the third is still missing,—Waqga Advertiser. In instance of the fears evoked by the case of presumed small-pox on Lake Macquarie Road, we may mention tliat the attendance of children at schools in the neighborhood has been materially affected thereby; not a few parents apparently preferring to let their children run the streets, rather than that they should risk coming in contact with other children who, living in the neigborhood of the infected house, might, previous to its isolation, have come in contact with the inmates.— Newcastle Pilot. Report of the Society of Arts U]Km the dried fruit from South Australia. The following is a copy of a letter addressed to Mr. D. Tallermau : —" London, John-street, Adelphi, April 28,1874. Dear Sir,—The dried fruits from Australia, which You were so good as to send for the insjtection of our Food Committee, were received with great interest They consisted of raisins and currants, with peaches and apples in a dried state. The raisins and currants, though not of the highest quality, were extremely good, and gave excellent promise of future satisfactory results. The dried npples were especially good, preserving great freshness aud sharpness of flavour, aud were considered superior to those of a similar character imported into our market under the name of Normandy pippins. The peaches were not so good. Taken, however, as a whole the fruits may be considered as presenting evidence that Austral if may in the future enrich our markets with products hitherto only obtainable from other sources of supply. In addition there were almonds which could not be distinguished either in flavour or size from those usually found in our shops." Mr. William Davis of Goongarline, Gininderra, with a number of friends started on their annual battue against the marsupials about three weeks since. The scene of operations on this occasion was Naas Valley, a property of Mr. De Salis's, seven miles from the Murrumbidgee, and twenty- five from Queanbeyan ; and the party-consisted of Messrs. William, Henry, and Sydney Davis, Messrs. A. and G. Harcourt, Mr. T. Giblin, and, during part of the time, Mr. Ernest Palmer. They took with them rations and a cook, and made all due provision against cold weather, and instead of camping at night in a tent, they occu- pied the house at Naas Valley, formerly Mr. E. Mandelson's, which was kindly placed at their disposal by Mr. De Salis, who also gave them every assistance, lending them a bullock-dray and conveying them over the river in a boat both going and returning, and also supplying them with fruit and vegetables. The party were out eight days, but from one cause or other their whole number seldom took all together in the sports. They carried double-barrelled breech- loaders. During their stay they were prevented from shooting one day by the weather, which otherwise was fine. The mountains in the distance were covered with snow ; but there was none at the scene of operations. After eight days' most enjoyable sport the party returned to Queanbeyan, where a faithful and excellent photograph of the group in their bush costume was taken by Mr. Pickering, the local artist. The trip resulted in their bringing home fifteen hundred and eleven wallaby and ten wallaroo skins; and it is supposed that some three hundred more must have fallen victims, though they escaped at the moment, being, as is wellknown, able to makeoff for a time with a heavy charge. After all this slaughter their numbers did not appear to he perceptibly lessened; and it is easy to see that when thus numerous they must make and havoc with the feed on a run. It is intended to have the skins tanned and made up into cloaks.—Goulburn Herald. Canon Vidal has been presented with an address and a study chair by those of his congregation whom he has recently prepared for confirmation. The Woiiga Wonga on her last tripfrom Queensland brought to this colony nearly ll.OOOoz. of gold. The Intel-colonial Champion Gig Race will take place on the Pomunatta River on the 26th of next September. Euromedha, on the Macquarie River, the sheep station of Mr. A. Cruikshank, has been sold to Mr. J. C. Ryiie, the well-known squatter, for .£31,000 cash. It is estimated that this large sum will cover £1 per head for each sheep on the run, and leave £1000 for belongings. Under the heading "Distinguished Visitors" the Honolulu Adrartiw of May Hi. savs;—"Sir William Martin, late Chief' Justice of New Zealand, Lady Martin and the liev. Dr. Lang of Sydney, en route for Europe, paid a visit to the Legislative Assembly on Monday, and remained an hour listening, with much' interest, to the debates." ' This scourge pleuropneumonia to our squatting fraternity luis (says the Tui.iut Times) appeared again, we hear of Mr. R. Lowlher, sen., having killed four of his cattle, which were diseased to prevent infection, persons possessing stock should use the necessary precaution of inuoculating, otherwise the losses may be more serious than they expect. We (Waytja Advertiser) had an opportunity of seeing some samples of the sugar manufactured by Mr. Wall, at the Newtown Sugar Works. The article is in appearance a very bright and good simple of ration sugar, and is estimated by Mr. Wall, to be worth about £40 a ton. The quantity made this season has not been great, but the result of his operations has been we believe, sufficient to confirm Mr. Wall iu his opinion as to the wyable nature of his speculation. Next year he lopes to be able to get the cane planted earlier, and he is confident that if he succeeds in doing this, and is enabled to get to the work of manufacture before the cold sets in, the result will be most satisfactory. We can only say that we trust his expectations will be realised, and that his persevering enterprise will meet with the reward it deserves. IT HAS BEES SUGGESTED, from observations made at Trinidad, that pitch mixed with the soil in which pine-apples are grown will cause great increase in bulk. SURVEYS of over 1000 miles in length from Cape Flattery have been made of the bed of the Pacific Ocean by the Tuscarara. A submarine mountain has been discovered which is 2400 feet in height, and to which the grade of the eastern slope is 123 feet to the lineal mile. The greatest depth sounded was 15,240 feet; the bottom of the Pacific Ocean being a blue, black, and brown mud, with ooze and occasional mixture ot gravel and shale. As ExTRAOEDiJTABr CEEW.—The American ship Cultivator, Captain Cook, from San Francisco with a cargo of wheat to Queenstowu for orders, recently arrived in that harbor. When the vessel was ready for sea at San Francisco the captain went on board aud found that his chief mate had gone ashore. The anchors were got up, and the vessel proceeded without him ; and the second mate, named M'Carthy, was made chief mate, After being three hours at sea M'Carthy caught the boatswain stealing some clothes belonging to the mate who was left behind. He immediately drew a revolver and shot the man, who expired in three hours afterwards. The American consul telegraphed to the Consul-General in London for instructions, mid it is anticipated that M'Carthy will be sent to the States fur trial. Dm ing the voyage home the cook became insane audjmnped over-board. Another of the crew is on board insane, and has to be kept under restraint, SCITOSED Loss OK THE " LIBERIA."—'The IA beria, one of the fleet- of screw steamers belonging to the British and African Steamsliip Company has, it is feared, foundered, and it is feared that the crew and passengers have all been lost. This vessel, which had for a number of years run sue' ccssfully between Eugland and the West Coast of Africa, under the command of Captain Robert Frew Lowry, left the Mersey on April 1, Madeira being her first touching point on her way to the African Coast. The weather, it will be remembered, was at that date and the five succeeding days veiy stormy and unsettled. It is assumed, from information tliat has been received, that the Liberia made satisfactory way until April 13, on which day it blew a fearful gale on our western coast. It is calculated that she must have been iu the storm off the Scillv Isles. Pieces of wreck and cargo have been washed up off Brest, and although the cargo is similar to that with which the Liberia was freighted, still it cannot be positively identified. Nothing has since been heard of her. THE OUTONS.—The following is an extract from a letter which has just been received in Manchester :—" When I was in Singapore, Mr. Smith told me a curious thing. He said he had heard at Government House a gentleman, who had just come out, talk of the Tichborne trial, and he said he had been often in court and bad begun to'doubt if the claimant were an impostor, as he thought it impossible to have sustained so long a false claim, &c.;, and that if he had forgotten his French, he hod wonderfully quickly picked up the manners of a gentleman, and so on. ' Well, a few days afterwards this gentleman was in the well-known general emporium called Little's when a man came in to make some purchases. 1 Good heavenB who is that?' said the gentleman to a friend ' That's Capt. Orton, commanding a coast steamer, a son of old Orton, the Wapping butcher,' was the reply. The gentleman said, 'I thought it was the claimant or his ghost.' And he now swears that in his mind he has not the slightest doubtthey are brothers. Mr. Smith says the likeness is wonderful, and any photograph* of the claimant would pass for a photograph of Captain 