SKETCHES OF IRISH HISTORY. (From the Dublin Nation.) ENGiSH-speabing and foreign nations liave long been familiar with the adventures of the Irish pagan hero, Cuchulain, from McPherson's "Ossian ;" in which the Scotch poet—for he [was himself a true one in a manner—assumed to have translated a series of old traditional and written legends found among the Highlanders. The style of these compositions, which are very beautiful in parts, is more Hebrew than Celtic, and very unlike that of the most ancient Irish poetry, such as the "Tain Bo Chuailgne," or "Cattle Spoil of Cooley," and other compositions, in which we have a picture of the real Cuchulain—the complete type of the savage pagan warrior. In the Tain there are no fine images about heroic ghosts-passing in the clouds, or the sun going to sleep at the gates of the west, but an account of the barbarous chivalric epoch, abounding in details, traits, motives, all bearing an air of reality amid the exaggerations of the poet. Its internal evidence testifies that it is a relic of remote antiquity. As we now have it, the Tain is a prose transla- tion of an old poem, the composition of some bard connected with the district and hero whose deeds it celebrates.* The original composition is said to have been lost—"carried eastward over the sea;" and the recovery of its substance in a prose form is accounted for in the legend about the bard Senqhain Torpeat, who lived in the seventh century, A.D. King Guaire, of Connaught, sends him to Albion and Britain, to recover the Tain; he fails; and, on his return, is advised by Saint Ciaran to call up the ghost of Fergus MacRoi, one of the actors, from his tomb near Cruachan, the palace of Queen Medv. Saints Ciaran, Columbkill, and Brendan, invoke the heroic shade, who rises and relates the romance as it is preserved. This account of its recovery is as poetic as anything in the composition itself. How are we to rationalise the legend '? Could it be that the original poem had been interred with Fergus : that a tradition of the circumstances having reached the seventh century, they opened the tomb- and found the poem, engraved, mayhap, in Ogham, on hide or wood, and so dilapidated from the time it had been under ground, that they could merely make out its substance, which they transcribed in prose ? As graves were sacred, and the fort was a walled chamber, this view is, at least, a probable explanation of the wild and imaginative legend of the recovery of the " Cattle Spoil of Cooley." Before giving an outline of this epical legend, a word about Queen Medv, who, though an undoubted historic personage in Ireland, had been long legendary in England, before she was so beautifully embodied as Mab, the Queen of the Fairies, in Shakspcare's " Midsummer Night's Dream." Medv, who was possibly bornf about the year 20, in the century B.C., was the daughter of Eochaid Feidlech, High King of Tara. She was first married to Conchobar MacNessa, King of Ulster, but abandoned him, and returned to her father, who built for her the palace of Cruachan, in Roscommon, 50 years B.C., or five years previous to the conquest of Britain by Csesar. Eochaid made her Queen of Olnegmacht, as Connaught was called before it received its present name, from Con iclit, the children or descendants of Con of the Hundred Battles, who flourished about the middle of the second century. There she married its king, Ailill, and had seven sons and two daughters. An implacable hatred seems to have existed between Medv and her first husband, Conchobar, which gave rise to a continual series of border conquests, in one of which the Ulster monarch was killed by a ball made of the hardened brain of Mesgedhra, King of Leinster, hurled at him by the Connaught champion, Ceat MacMagach. This was subsequent to the period to which the Tain Bo Chuailgne refers. When Medv—who seems to have been a sort of Celtic Cleopatra or Semiramis, and whose history is as interesting as that of either of those * Medy's two daughters were tbe Flndabhar named and Lenddabar. In the Tain Bo Fraich, which Is a part of the Tain Bo Chuailgne. there are allustonB to the former. As when Be-binn, the mother of Fraech Mae Fedhaldh—a noted warrior of the Tuatha De Danaun race—on - courages hlra to seek Findabhar's hand. He sets off for Cruachan with a train of 60 prinoely Touths, and a customary retinue of musicians, huntsmen, hounds, &c.; Arrived, they sit down outside the entrance ol the Bath of Cruachan. Medv and Aillil order them to be admitted within the lis. and give them welcome—doubtless the same offered Cuchulain and his friends, i e„ baths and sweet. Intoxicating drinks. A quarter of the •Djin was 'assigned to Fraech and his train, their arms hung up above those of the inmateB of the Toyal.manslpn—the place of honour. \+ The .relgqing:. families, of Leinster, bister, ana Connaught were all;connected by marriage ties. CuchulMn's mother was sister to Conchobar MttoNebsaj who had been married to Medv. who must hayebeen 60 at the ttmeofthe Cattle Spoil. r The oldest «oi " Jtabarnah'.D fiebt betwWn ^ ^ „ another more perlfcctin tile Book of x^elnster, and 2jWr»sold,,aim a third copy inlrinity Oollege queens—threw Conchobar over, he went to Tara to her father, who gave him in marriage her sister Eithne (a name meaning "the sweet kernel of a nut"), who was drowned while enceinte, in Westmeath, in the river called after her, and now known as Inny. The child, who was saved by the Caesarian operation, was Furbaidhe, who became a warrior, and in time avenged the death of his father, which had been caused by the contrivance of Medv. After Ailill had been slain near Cruachan, by the famous Ulster hero, Connel Cearnach, Medv, by this time advanced in years, sought a retreat in Innis Clothram, in Lough Ree, near Athlone. On the east side of that isle she was wont to wash herself at a spring every morning. Her nephew, Furbaidhe, having discovered the old queen's place of ablution, measured the exact distance from the opposite side of the river Shannon to the spring; returned to Ulster; practised with his sling at a mark placed at the distance measured; returned when he had perfected this exercise, with his cranu-tabhail to the Shannon shore, lay in wait all night, nd when the aged queen came at dawn o the spring, struck her in the forehead with his sling-stone, killing her instantly. She was buried at Cruachan, which had been previously a cemetery called Druim na Druadh, the Hill of the Druids. She lies there—according to a poem on that cemetery—with many kings who flourished before and after her—Midir, of the Tuatha De Danauns, Dathi, Tuathal, Flaugus, Tomalach, and their beautiful women, Muirsey Eire, Fodhla, Banbha— '' not a few does a single flag cover— there are 50 mounds around Cruachan's hill, sloping from the grassy plain, and 50 buried beneath each mound." Medv, whose history is so romantic and tragical, is described as a tall, pale, beautiful, long-faced woman, with flowing, golden hair, attired in a crimson cloak, with gold brooch, and bearing a light javelin in her hand, which she knew how to wield, as appears from the wound she gave the hero Cethern, when, singlehanded, he attacked her army. Having regained his native province, he arrives at Cuchulain's house. Conchobar's leech examines his wounds, and recognises that given by Medv, among many others ; and we have a ludicrous account of medical practice in that epoch. For instance, the leech says, looking at one wound, " That was given you by a choice champion of Irruade (Norway). It has severed the strings of your heart, so that it plays up and down in your body like an apple on a tree—it is beyond my practice." Nevertheless, he cures Cethern with a bath of cow's marrow, to procure which Cuchulain orders a multitude of kine to be killed. Our pagan Medv had the same physical characteristics as Boadicea, and resembled Cleopatra—whom she seems to have surpassed in beauty—in her tact and morale, which was that of a barbaric age. There is her intrigue with Fergus MacRoi; her sending the handsome bondmaid to inveigle the redoubtable Cuchulain ; her offering her daughter Findabar* (the fair-browed) to the Connaught hero Ferdiad if he will enter the lists with the pagan champion or bully of the Drogheda district, who is a most complete type of the barbarian warrior. Again we have a feminine trait of Medv, in the scene where Cuchulain comes out to boast before her Connaught army, and which is as natural as that in the Iliad, where Helen surveys from the tower—whose foundation Schuilleman thinks he has discovered at Troy—the Greek warriors on the plain, who are pointed out to Nestor. Cuchulain carrying nine heads of men he has killed in one hand, and ten in the other, flourishes them defiantly against his enemies; and while the Connaught soldiers lift the women and girls above their serried shields to have a view of the redoubtable Celtic Achilles, Medv is so frightened that she hides behind a huge brown shield. When Cuchulain, with three companions, visits Cruachan, Medv receives them with royal hospitality ; ,they are refreshed by baths after their journey, and plied with intoxicating drinks ; she asks Cuchulain Whether he and his friends will put up in one house, or have several; he prefers a house to himself. While, however, his friends are asleep after their drinking, Medv has them killed; but Cuchulain, awakened and alarmed, forthwith performs his salmon leaping feat— he jumps out through the roof of the house, which we may suppose was of a wicker work, inside the Dun, if it was not a-chamber in the palace, and—escapes. Among the other prime "feats" of this champion was that with the gae bolg, or belly spear, which will be presently referred to. In old Irish literature the legends about this: champion are 'numerous, and some of them full of romantic imagination, such as hiaattackon the fortress ; *The chronology of ilils legendary period Is irreooncileable. For: instance, JEoohaid buiu.the palace of Crnachan.for Mfdv A'.C- 60, and is,said tti.h&ve; died 1 in'.ISS A.D.j two peraonagea of slmilar name beln|j thus confounded. ..>< *•• - - ..... of Manann MacLir, King of the Isle of Man, during which he saves the three brown giants, who destroyed such numbers with their iron flails—clubs with iron-spiked balls attached to them by chains, and who appear in Connaire Mor'a court in the Brudin da Derga, grim and terrible, holding each a lock of his long black hair in one hand, and a club in the other ;—the story of Curoi Mac Daire and his wife, Blaethnaith, who betrays her husband, whose head Cuchulain cuts off, and then runs off with her ; the story of Eithne, of whom he is enamoured, und whose loss drives him mad, like Orlando; and many others. To proceed to the Tain Bo Chuailgne, which is one of a cycle of historic legends connected with the first century B.C.— fragments of an uncollected Irish epic. The oldest copy of this composition is in the Book of the Dun Cow ; it is imperfect ; there are other copies more complete, and fragments of legends associated with the same period exist which, from the particular action which it recounts, can be fully represented. The internal evidence of these legends, their pictures of barbaric life and traits of pagan character, prove their antiquity ; while the allusions and additions made by scribes of the Christian epoch are easily recognised. The Tain Bo Chuailgne runs to about 100—the Tain Bo Fraic to 20 pages. 