It was reported officially to the City Coroner, that a man named John Byan, n carter, rosidingin Little Pipor-strcot, Woollahra, was at 5 o'clock yes- terday, found by his wifo.doad, hanging from a boam in life bedroom. Immediately upon tho discovery being raudo, a medical gontloman (Dr. Quaifa) was sent for, and ho, upon examination of the body, ascertained lifo to.¡bo oxtinot. From information that wo havo gathered, it would. nppoar that tho deceased had for nome timo prior to this unfortunate ocourronco been drinking, but lind not done anything that would lead to tho supposition that ho contemplated suicido. He waa last seen alive by hia wifo at 1 o'olook this morn- ing, at which time ho was intoxicated. . !.. At about ll o'clock on Tuesday, an encounter took placo in King-street between ft " gent on the spree " and a coloured friond of Neptuno ; and as a good display of "swordsmanship " was a consequence of tho fracas, much amusomont was afforded thoso who witnossed it. Tho gent was staggering along tho stroot, when, by accident, ho tottered against the sailor. They both had stout walking stioks, and, in an instant, both woro " at guard." " Crook, oraok," resounded tho sticks ; tho gontloman rotroating to the middlo of tho stroot, followed as quiokly by. tho sailor. There tba, latter made; a sharp thrust as tho gent staggered a littlo, but tho movomont.was parried, and tho blaok, next instant, got "ono. for his nob.'' A crushing noiso WOB tho. next, andi cortain onough, therö vwas. tho; blaok hat of tho gent,¡much.: dinged, down on Iiis oars, and ho vainly endeavouring to got a glimpso from his hastlly-mado winkers. . Tho black got anothor,and another, for that stroke of his, and waa now ovidontty coming in for the worst, when tho combatants wera intorferod with, and .tho quarrel sot at'rest,3' .Congratulations woro poured',on.oach by their several friends, and tho gont.and his.friends, ns if by.common opnsont, ropaironto'ono of tho favourito reports, [oh such, occasions, about Pitt and King Btrcots. -j PICNIC AT BOTANY.-The master bakers rind browbrsof Sydnoy,tt¡o tho mimher of (about 100,-woro ohtortninod.'yosterdny, atapionio'givon to thom by Mr. T. Ii, Coomoo,''suocossor 'to 'thb'lnto' Mr. Broillnt, at Corry's QnrdoruVBotany. Four omnibusoo, which loft tho ooruor cit. Bathurst and Goorgo stroets about ll aim., took tho party to tho sccno of tho entertainment, whioh was arrived nt shortly after hoon. Haviug par- taken of refreshments, tho ghosts proceeded to indulge in varioUB games, such as cricket, football, quoits, Lo,, which werb vigorously pursued till 3 o'olook, whontho .company..was summoned to luncheon in tho largo pavilion on tho ground. By genoral roquost, - Mr. Ooombo took the ohair, and Mr. Adam Kowton tho vioi-bhnir. After ampio justice had.hccn dono to the eood things provided, tho ohalrmarl gavo tho usual loyal toasts of "tho Queen," "Trinco of Waloo and tho Royal Family," and "his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson," which were rcccivod nnd responded to ns usual. Tho chairman then pronosod "Prosperity to trio Master Bakors and Browors." This was responded tb in a flowory speech for tho bakors, and Messrs. Prendergast, Bims, and Toohoy oloquontly replied for tho browing interests. ? Other toasts followed, nftor which nucceodod sundry trade discussions, oonductcd ! in'a "friendly though animated manner. Tho company, having thoroughly onjoyed themselves, loft the ground at'about half-ipastC o'clock, to return to Sydney. ., 