THE JOHNSTONE PAJRK CULVEBTS. TO THE SDITOB, Sir,—Having read a paragraph in your issue of the 19th instant, also .a letter, signed "B. Balding," that appeared the day following in reference to the above subject, it struck me that as a burgess who had to find my quota of the money for Cor poration works, 1 would visit the locality and judge for myself of the relative merits of the Government and Corporation cul verts. The following. Sir, is the resnlt of my survey :—I shall dismiss the railway culvert part of the qnestion in a very few words. It is constructed upon the latest'scientific principles, and will be (not " perhapB" as you state in your paragraph) bnt emphatically will be the best culvert in Geelong. The corporation culvert, as Mr Balding truly states, is constructed on the same principle as those bnilt by the corpo ration " 20 years ago," but I altogether fail to see that it possesses any particular merit on that account. The Geelong Corporation like all others in the aolony were guilty of what would now be considered very foolish , blunders " 20 years ago." Most other cor porations have seen the error of their ways and have moved on with the times; but not BO'. Geelong. That corporation never moves' on, bnt still stickB to its errors and traditions of " twenty years ago." In those days town surveyors were recruited from tfie ranks of coffin-makers and {journeymen bricklayers, &c;, as Geelong, Sonth Barwon, and Newtown cum Chilwell, I know to their cost. Brisbane, the then new fledged capital of Queensland, even imported a brick-maker from Geelong, who after the manner of town surveyors in those days, spent some thousands in forming the city streets in such a scientific manner that it has cost as many thousands more to have them re-formed by his snccesBor; so that the fact of the corporation culvert being constructed on the same principles as those of " 20 years ago" does not, so far as I can see, impugn the correctness of your para graph. It is true that the bottom is an " invert with a radius ot six feet/'- bat a segment ot a six foot radios n so much like a flat that for all practical purposes it might as well have been quite flat. The stoneB are' also' 9in. deep, but - Mr Raiding would scarcely like to make a statutory I declaration that they are "dressed with radiating joints." Mr Balding also states that the jointB are "pointed in cement." Now, although I am quite willing to admit that there is no Corporation officer that understands the art and- mys tery of pointing better than the town surveyor, still I respectfully submit that laying the stones dry, and fronting them with cement, would have made a sounder job than laying "them in mortar and afterwards forcing a small quantity o'f cement into the open joints with the point of .a troweL "Why the footings of the walls Should be .also "dressed with radiating joints" iB " one of those things that no fellah can un derstand," unless the' following sen tence explains the matter:—"That "the base of the stonework is 9 feet in breadth," if, so, it simply means that the bpttom of the culvert is a segment of a six foot radiuB 9, feet in breadth', and that the vertical ttalls are built on the onter edges of it. If so, it is a system of construction that might have passed muster 20 years ago, but one that no modern civil engineer would be gnilty of. Yon will understand, sir,'that in the above I'Simply criticise and condemn the constrnction, not the workmanship, which appears to have been executed iq a manner rather abovo the average of Cor poration contracts. 1 am,J&c.;, xhx Ghost of Bbvnxll. 