? EUROPEAN NEWS. Our telegrams from 'Europe annosnoi 1 another triumph for* the Due de Broglie. The Bill, relating to the" appointineat Hairds hae been carried^ and ^he-.Go^n ment have «ven had a solid majority of 42 on their side. Unfortunately no intelligence has ^reached of the distinctive features of the measure. It is probable, sahowever, that it hod for its objeot to place the Mtmieipal goverrunente more absolutely under the control -of the Ministry than has hitherto been the <sase. This, together with the >fact that the Mairfia exercise most important faoctaob's in connection with the 'elections,, waulo 1 - accoant for the excitement -with which the proposal appears to have "been reoeiyed by the Onpoation. The Due de Brpglie has eufficieBtly ehown his facility for working the Municipal authorities in the interests of Conservatism, and any attempt . to add to his legal power in that direction was certain to be unpalatable to the parties of. the Left. Whatever its exact character, "the appointment of Mau^s Bill" was evidently raised to the dignity of a question crucial to the existence of the-Government. The history of their success is very much a reproduction of the "Marshalate" victory upon which it so closely follows. The struggle in the Assembly opened with what might mean a defeat, for after a stormy scene a motion for the postponement of the debate was carried, and the position of the Ministry became so embarrassed that they placed their resignation in the hands of the President, who declined to accept it. Their action, like Marshal MacMahon's celebrated message upon .the prolongation, appears to have caused a reaction, for it was followed by the Assembly passing a vote of confidence in them by a majority of 58. An amendment upon the Bill was next rejected, and sow the original measure has been affirmed by a substantial majority. Following upon the news of this decisive victory for the Government comes a significant announcement with regard to the foreign policy of France. The present heads of the Republic, although not at all inclined to join ~in the crusade against Uitramontanism which Germany has undertaken, have agreed upon a line beyond which Papal interference will not be tolerated. They have no objection to pilgrimages ; they are oontent to allow the priesthood epery reasonable latitude in their efforts to maintain the hold of the Church upon the nation ; tbey entertain a profound veaeration for the Holy Father and a pious solicitude for his welfare, but they decline to allow the relations towards the Vatican to imperil th£ maintenance of goodwill between the nation and Italy. So long as the present regime lasts HIB Holiness oannot hope for the assistance of Fra&oe; in reinstating liitn as temporal ruler in Rome.. The announcer ment is reassuring, and will he hailed with satisfaction throughout Europe. There is tmJjr one other- scrap of information in the telegram, and it presents a oomplet contrast to the items . we have been alluding to. That temarkahld pair, the. Siamese twins, after living .$0 a good old •age, have at length given-up the ghost. One feels 'curious toltnow'sdme particulars as to their last moments, - but on. this point the message is 'dumb. It has long been matter of speculation atnOngst the medical pro- •fession whetherHthe vital spark would leave both portions of this dual human system at one time, or whether it would be possible for One twin to live on after the death of the Other; In all'probability this problem has now been solved,.-but upon that point we ehall'have to await further tidings. 