? We are pleased to learn that the Goveiummit i recognition of the pluck, as well as tlie intelligence manifested by Mr, Kuuckcy, the leader of the party, who went out from Daly Wntew to the relief of poor Nation, but found only his remains, have decided to present that gentleman wii^a month's salary.— Mr. G. Anderson, of the Gas Works, lias shown Territorv, The specimens contain nearly SOoe, of gold, soiue of the nuggets being pure gold. Thev are well worth seeing, tiud theie is reason to believe th came from.— Regarding reservoirs for water, the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser, after .mentioning Uiat tlie tender of Messrs. Xettieron and Thome, had been accepted for the construction of the Government tanks at Moonta, the amount being £5200 says:— " The sites are to be the same as were originally decided upon by the Coloration and Government engineer. A communication from flic office of the Engineer-in-Chief to Mr. Crutchett informs him that the Government Clerk of Works was to leave Adelaide for Moonta on Monday morning, July C. The excavation of the tanks is to be commenced immediately, and the work will be prosecuted with the utmost dispatch," It is reported by the Northern Argus tliat on Monday night, the 6th ultimo, "a fauuly residing in New Clare was somewhat alarmed on discovering that one of the liieinlters. a lad eight years of age, had risen from his li d during his sleep opened the doors, and wandered away. Search was made but the night being dark, it was a difficult task. The somnambulisi, made for a house at some distance, knocked at the door, and was received by the two inmates—two females—who on perceiving the ghost^-like figure wav considerably startled The little fellow talked to them in a strange way, seemingly unconscious. He was carried home by his parents, and put to bed. On being questioned the next day as to what induced him to go out, and how he felt, he seemed surprised, and said he was not aware he had left his room." Mr. T. Cai'lett presided at a meeting which has been held at the Melville Hotel, Yorketown. 'Mr. Wick; moved " that the. Government should discontinue free immigration." This was seconded by Mr. G. Hart. An amendment, proposed by Mr. G. D. Sharpe, to the effect tliat tlie Government ought to continue free and assisted immigration, was seconded by Mr. J. M'Oallum and supported by M. D. M'Calluni, and Mr. Pannan, and was carried by a large majority. The following propositions were also carried:—" That all country lauds should opened up at a set price of £l per acre ; that incase of simultaneous applications for the same sections, they should be decided by lot, instead of by auction, as at present; that personal residence should 1*j compulsory ; that one-fifth of the land should lie cultivated each year during the term of credit. The principal speakers were Messrs. W cks, Burke, J, and D. M'Calluni, Sharpe, Hart, and CYozer. Cheers for Mr. Ward, M.P., concluded the meeting We learn from the local paper of July 3 that there has been a resident in Moonta for the past two years a " Heathen Chinee" rejoicing in the euphonious name of Ah Tooey, by which appellation, however, he has not l»en so generally known as by that of " John." "John is a dealer in tea, drapery, and nicknacks, aud keeps a wellstocked stole in Cyan-street. But it is as a peripatetic vendor that John transacts most of his business, his general practice being to close his shop in the daytime and hawk his wares throughout the mining townships. Day after day, in suushine or rain, John is to lie seen jogging along with a load at either end of his bamboo heavy enough to break the back of a doukey, John's circle of customers, consisting principally of members of the fair sex, is exteusive ; his trade is thriving, and he is reputed to be making money. It has been rnnioured—hut we believe it to have been a scandal—that more than one young lady lias thrown her cap at the almond-eyed trader, hut until within a short time since tlie heart of Ah Tooey had been as hard and iiniuiprcssihle to such advances as the nether millstone. But John was fated to make a fool of himself; lie was captivated by the^bewitcheiies of a voung lady —a stranger in the district—who came, saw, and conquered. He told his love in pigeon-English, aud 'tis said she reciprocated the tender passion, or affected to do so. The upshot uf it was—so the story goes—that they agreed to be married. The bride- elect was engaged as shopwoman by the bridegroom-expectant; be boarded with" her mother, and matters appeared to be going on swimmingly until Tuesday morning last when John was petrified on discovering that his ladvlove had 'bolted,' taking with her, as he says, £3 of his money and a quantity of goods. He soon found out that she had gone by the Adelaide mail, aud thereupon he, gave information of the affair to the police, who telegraphed to the trooper at Port Wakefield, where, on the arrival of the coacli, the girl was arrested and brought back to Moonta by the return conveyance. All that day John loudly bewailed his loss, reminding ouc of Shvlock's lament— "'My daughter! 0 my ducats! 0 my daughter! Justice! the law! my ducats, and ml* daughter!'" On the following morning the case came on for hearing at the Moonta Police Court, when Ah Tooev charged the girl with robbing him of £3 ; but the evidence adduced failed 1o connect her with the theft, and she was discharged. Joim left tlie Court seemingly quite satisfied of the truth of the maxim cxpcrkiitia docet. On the following day the girl was brought before the Court on another information, charging her with robbiii" Ah Tooey of goods to the value of £20. After u lengthened hearing of the case the Bench disluissed it." « ? at there ai-e plenty more where these 8\. A. Mail, It is gratifying to learn that a number of faiv mew around Clare are paying a little attention to ^eplantingof gam trees tiiUyeav, and on the HOI liivor Fawn especially a great number of different sorts of trees are being set out, mammon being employed digging holes and putting in the trees, A new recipe for meat-preserving, by the entire caj&use;, is thus described in a letter to the SoutJiem tYfetf « As a great deal of attention is at present turning towards the new colonial in Justly, mcatprcserving, I send you a recipe given lo liic by n gentleman in England last year. At the same time lie told me that he would give a bonus of 4>30() if one whole carcase was scuthome prepared by his recipe. Should any of your readers wish to correspond with hini* his' address is E. C. Moncktou, Esq., Messrs. Coutts & Co., Strand. London. The recipe is as followsClean the carcase well, prepare tlie chamber, and make it air-tight by caulking ; generate carbonic acid gas by means of a sodawater gas generator, with chalk and acid ; the gas being heavier than the air sinks to the bottom, when the chamber is full of it j it will extinguish a candle lighted. Then throw in the meat till full, and close the chamber. Every second and third day inject more gas by pipes below. As long as the gas lasts the meat will be fresh.' From what Mr. Monckton said, the intention wis to have special compartments on board vessels, and the carcases to be put in whole. Hoping it may give a hint to those in tliat business. I am, &c.;, J. C. DOMUGE, Auckland, May 25, 1874." The Register thus describes a flour-mill at Two Wells :—" Although not planted amidst scenery calculated to impress the casual visitor with the sublimity of Nature's conceptions, the northern town of Two Wells is not devoid of interest, and in a commercial point of view it is an important place, situated us it is in the centre of a large agricultural district, The most conspicuous business establishment in the locality is the mill of Messrs. Warren and Cowan, and as it is the only institution of the kind within a radius of 15 miles, the farmers in the surrounding district of Dublin, Grace, Reeves Plains, and Poit Gawler largely avail themselves of the opportunity of getting wheat turned into flour, thus giving an impetus to the trade of the township. Were the roads less suggestive of ploughed fields alter a deluge the traffic would be increased and the benefit to the locality much greater, but the farmers complain bitterly of the wretched state of portions of the main line over which they have to convey their produce. The mill is a sulistautial stone structure, naving four floors, and there are three wheat storerooms detached, capable of holding 70,000 bushuls. The foundations for a bigger store are being laid, so that a much greater quantity of grain can be taken in either ior pale, storage, or conversion into flour. In the mill the machinery is excellent, and all the necessary appliances for making first-class flour are provided. The engine is a horizontal one of 15-horse power, and the boiler is 18ft, long by 6ft. (tin. diameter. Four pairs of stones are kept going—three for flour and one pair for crushing horse-feed, for which there is a brisk demand. About 80 tons of flour are sent out per week on the average, and when in full work much more can be produced. About 15 men are employed in connection with the establishment, besides teamsters and other persons. Messrs. Warren and Cowan have a store at Port Gawler, and ship considerable quantities of stuff there. The road to the port is, however, described as execrable, being swauipv aud full of holes. However, the people in the district, who are remarkably patient and hopeful, look forward to better times coniiug in regard to road matters." Mr. W. Wiles, formerly of Auburn, writes as follows to us from Palmerston on July 4.:—"According to my telegram I feel it a duty to .give you a few lines explaining more fully the position and character of the Northern Territory. I mentioned £80 worth of gold having been' taken out in one day, I saw part of this washed myself, aud since then the men have had another good day's produce, 32oz. There are other persons doing well, aud of course, more doing nothing. Everyone here seems satisfied with the prospects. As to the reefs, the Union, the Fountain Head, and sundry at Pine Creek, M'Minn's, aud others. , are not looking only well, but I believe them to be first-class properties. I know of others which are not worth the paper the scrip was printed on, but the public ought not to condemn the good lor the sake of the bad. They must not do as they have done before—jump in the dark. Men who talk of getting lOOoz to the ton and expect to get it ought not to go into any Northern Territory property; but those who'should and the men who are wanted are those who know how to work in this enterprise and are satisfied with good paying dividends for the outlay of their capital, We don't need those here who expect to realise the fabulous things that were .talked of; but there are needed common sense, patience, practical operations, and the men paid by, cash in the Territory ana not by Adelaide orders—then the Northern Territory would be right enough. I must point out to the unwary the caution that is needed before they rush here. They will have to sacrifice all the comforts of domestic life, fresh meat and vegetables, pay heavy doctors' bills if sick, (perhaps, if a digging venture, work some time without getting anything, aud pay for their supplies at such prices as those now on Sandy viz., preserved meats, 3s, per 21b. tins, ' flour (3d, per lb., tea 3s. Cd., sugar Is., rice fld., tobacco 6s., and other things at about these rates. •Persons coming must not spend their last shilling before they start. Unless they are engaged for Companies they should have at least £20 in their pockets on landing and be prepared for a tramp of 100 miles.' This all being accomplished, I recard the territory as having a splendid show for the class indicated, I ; write from no selfish motive, but simply to put the public on a fair understanding wsgardingtheTerritory."— The Southern Aiyns states that Mr. T. Henderson, butcher, of Stmthalbyn, killed a fat beast weighing 13181b. The animal came from Mr. Potts« form at Langhornc's Creek. Speaking of the weather iu tlie neighborhood of Clare the Northern Argus states that it continues cold, which has given a chock to the growth of vegetation. In some low-lying lands the voung crop is assuming a yellow aiid sickly hue. ' The Southern Arym understand from a private source that the coolies selected |, v (W«iit Douglas " are mostly experienced miners from the tin mines situated near tlie Banca Straits," and therefore cauuot fail to prove an acquisition. The Moonta Gasworks are being vigorously proceeded with at the local Company's ground* and m the streets. Gas, it is promised, shall be supplied ill about three or four months. This will be a great convenience to the townsfolk, mid it is hoped that the enterprising promoters of the scheme and shareholders will be amply rewarded by a financial success. Wo understand that tender will shortly be invited with a view to the establishment "of mail communication between Adelaide and Port Darwin. This will be gratifying intelligence for the people m the Northern Territory. We suppose the probability is that a contract will be catered into with the Dutch Company, who are now running steamers between Batavia and the colonies, and for whom lour new steamers are bying built.— The following telegram has been received by Mr. F. S. C. Driffield from Capt. Phillips, of the Telegraph Gold Mining CompanySouth Claims crushed hundred eighty tons, yield two hundred twenty-three (223) ounces gold. Centre Chum, number fourteen twentv-five tons, yield forty-six and half ounces gold.' Crushing fortythree days total." We are informed that 94oz. of the above formed a part, of the gold brought down by the Gothenburg ; so that this shows 175oz. of ;old obtained since last advices. It is mentioned br the local press that a few days since a lad named Luke found iu the scrub near Moonta, a miner's can containing blasting powder. He was unable to resist the desire to see it go oif, so pouring it on the ground he applied a match, but the explosion was quicker than he anticipated, and the consequence was that his face got severely burnt. To relieve the smarting pain he ran to a pool of salt water, aud bathing his face made matters worse by rubbing tlie skin off. He is, under proper treatment, now in a fair wav of recovery. An amusing iucideut occurred on the main line from Virginia an Tuesday night, July 7. As the Yorke's Peninsula mail coach was rattling along a very dreary part of the road a loud hail came out from the darkness, and on the driver pulling up his team a man of a rueful countenance, with a patient horse beside liini, said, in replv to the anxious enquiry if auy one was hurt—" I've lost mv hat" The driver seemed to think with the passengers that it was rather cool to stop Her Majesty's Mail in order to find a hat lost bv a 11011-passeiiger, and so the omnibus went on again after the hatless, liapless traveller had been somewhat needlessly recommended to go home and put his boots on.— Concerning the trade of Port Wakefield, the Adelaide Register says :—" The trade of this port has largely increased within the last few years. During 1873 the exports were valued at ,£171,124, which is certainly a fine sum for an outport. The following particulars show how that amount is made up:—1938 bales of wool, valued at £2:1,952; 763 tons of flour, valued at £9156; 1742 bags of bark, valued at £200 ; 557 tons of firewood, valued at £280; 5282 sheepskins, valued at £528* 64 hides, valued at £G4; 597,410 bushels of wheat, valued at £136,884. The shipping comprised 355 crafts aud large vessels, of an aggregate tonnage of 14,856. Up to the 30th June of the present year the exports included 363,694 bushels of wheat and 75 tons of flour; aud during the same period the shipping consisted of 215 crafts and large vessels, witli a total tonnage of 10,013. The imports last year were also considerable, proving that a largo tract of country must obtain supplies through Port Wakefield." The first Good Templar wedding in the colony of South Australia was celebrated in tlie Lodgeroom of the Adelaide Lodge, No. 7, on Thursday evening, July 9th. The idea is of American orjgiu, and such weddings are of frequent occurrence in the United States. The Past Grand Chaplain of the Order (the Rev. H. J. Lambert) was the officiating minister. An appropriate service had been prepared, and, with the assistance of the Lodge officers, was impressively conducted. After the ceremony, Mendelssohn's " Wedding March " was played by Miss Godfrey, and then the bridal gifts that had been promised by some of the Lodge officers for the first Good Templar Bridal pair were presented as follows :— Bro. W. W. Wiuwood, family Bible; Bro. 51. H. Madge^P.W.C.T,, a pair of gold eardrops; Bro. J. C. Pascoe, W.C., a handsome white silk regalia with silver trimmings, for the bride. Three cheers were given for the bride, three for the pair, and the meeting was closed with the National Anthem. At a very early hour the room was quite crowded, and large numbers who were outside, unable to find room, created some little disturbance; otherwise everything passed off very pleasantly. ON JOKE 10 Mr. Washbui 'ne, the American Minister, gave a "diplomatic dinner iu honor of the Duke Decazes, French Minister of Foreign Affairs. The guests comprised the English, Russian, Turkish, and German Ambassadors ; the Swiss, Italian, Swedish, and Portuguese Ministers. Colonel Hoffman, General Torbet, General Trobriant, Governor Washburne, the brother of the host, and Mr. Jones. American Minister at Brussels. . Mrs. Washburne, the only lady present, did the honors of the American Legation,. Adelaide : Observe}' . ; . ; Observer. S. A. Mail.. 