REVENRTING to the troubles between the politic cal and ecclesiastical forces in Europe we may observe that the general question seems to be widening in interest, but that the only possi- ble solution is always the same, 'An article in tie Fortnightly Review on what are called iu Germany the “ Falk Laws” favors Prince Bis marck’s policy in some respects,-but, as a? writer in the Edinburgh Review very aptly-, shows, that policy exceeds the right of the' State. Why, the very law which Dr Falk introduced and carried in the German- Parlia ment, the -very law which the Fortnightly reviewer tells us the National Parliament adopted at Frankfort in 1848 as- a -guaranty, of “ the great principle of religious freedom,” .-in cludes the following pregnant proviso:— “ Every rehgious, society' its~ own' affairs, but remains subject to the general laws of the State.” And yet Prince Bismarck refuses to allow the Roman Church to perform some of tlie functions which are essential to the very existence of the Church, as the free induction and,education of priests. Surely, if a church bfany sort has any “ own affaii-s’’ to. “manage” the education and appointment of its own ministers come within the phrase. We find an emphatic assertion of the argument we have employed iu all our references to this sub ject in an article iu the Revue des Deux Mondes, by M. Ed. de Pressensd, whose reputation as a liberal. Protestant makes it impossible to suspect him of undue leaning towards ‘ the Roman or towards any ; other - ecclesiastical corporation. In a , review of the , religious policy of Switzerland,: a policy ,which has partaken in almost every particular of the nature of : -Bismarck’s policy-in Germany, M. de Pressense condemns - those encroachments by the State upon the just rights and liberties- of . the .Church which we have also in. our several notices of the subject condemned as .tyrannous. Just as we say automatically iin plain English, “two blacks-can’t make a ..white,” .soxno 1 preposterous propositions made by any eccle siastic or any body of ecclesiastics, can!justify encroachments on the part of:the State, which iu themselves traverse the inalienable rights of either the individual or the association. In Switzerland the State has committed precisely the same blunder as Germany has committed. It has denounced and cashiered priests of the Roman Catholic Church because they accepted the dogma of Infallibility; and the Syllabus. Statesmen should not be frightened by the claims of fanaticism, but watch over it, , and protect the rights of all. There is this much to be said, however, that tlie Roman Catholic party blundered also at Geneva. It appears to have been the ambition of Rome to establish a bishopric at Geneva, a place sacred to Calvin and Protestantism, and the burning of Servetus, and a bishop was appointed by the Pope of Rome in violation of treaties, expressed or understood, as between the Swiss Government and the Roman curia. Infallibility could not, of course, give way, nor would the secular arm. The Pope’s nuncio was bundled out of the republic, there was a suppression of con vents, or of the right to receive novices, “Old Catholic ” priests were empowered to preach in churches belonging tp the orthodox church, condemnations of Roman doctrine were to be read in Roman chairs, and generally the State assumed to itself, as it has in Germany, the power to interfere with the spiritual func tions of the Church. No doubt the Swiss Government did take to itself some excuse, because some meddling priests had also written a circular ■which obtained some publicity, .in which the intervention of the old “ Holy Alliance ” of 1815 was - in voked for the purpose of sustaining the claims of Ultramontanism, but the faith of modern statecraft in the victories achieved by modern progress and thought in the direction of liberty must bo very small to have attributed any importance to so preposterous an overture. It would be almost as much to the purpose ; of government oppressions if encroachments upon the rights of the Catholic Church were justified upon the plea that 300 years ago the Catholic Church supported attacks upon Protestant rights, and burnt and hanged and buried alive men and women who protested that they had a right to worship God after the dictates of their own consciences. It is not the business of any State to attempt the impossible task of recon ciling the ecclesiastical action of the past with its present claims of infallibility and liberty of conscience and all that sort" of thing, but its business is to maintain the right, whether the right be claimed by an individual conscience or an association of consciences of those who have formed themselves into what is called a church. The State authorities at Geneva aimed, perhaps, at doing the right thing in the right way, but 31. de Pressensd points out that they exceeded their powers by the action they took both with respect to the bishop and the nuncio, and, having done so, the State took measures to have passed a law enabling them to do in the future what they had already done. While most men in free countries have arrived at the conclusion that total separa tion between Church and State is the only proper method of maintaining peace, it is obvious that so long as the relationship still exists something like an equality of liberty should be dealt out by the State to the several confessions, but this has not been in effect practised in some of the cantons of Swit zerland, and M. de Presseusd shows in his detail of transactions there that the very fun-1 damental principle of the Roman Church as a spiritual organisation has been violated by the State. In the Bernese Jura the State not only ousted the Jesuits but a body of Ursu lines, and ordered that the priests should break off all relations with the Bishop .of Bfde, who, being an orthodox one; supported the Syllabus, Infallibility, and all that sort of thing. The priests, as a matter of course, said they could not obey the mandate, as their obedience was due to the spiritual head of the Church. The only complaint against the bishop, according to M. de Pressensd’s account, was that he was orthodox, and accepted the articles of the' Council of the Vatican, as he was.bound to do. This position is thus referred to by SI. de Presseusd : The Government which demands of the bishop that he shall disavow' his ecclesiastical superior iu such circumstances places him bativseu resistance to the State or disobedience to the Church. In fact, it is the partisans o£ the Syllabus who have hero upheld liberty-' of conscience in opposition to these inconsequential Protestants. Some have imagined, nevertheless, that they reply to all these objections when they say these pricatg have only to separate themselves froth the State and place themselves in the arena -of general liberty. This would be very v/ejl if the Catholic population of tho'Bernese Jura were in the majority as: to; this opinion. But they are not so. They complain that they are deprived of a fair share in the budget votes to which they contribute taxes, and that it would be a wrong to thus forcibly eject them from the circle of the national church simply because they have re mained favorable to their Catholic faith. In (Switzerland there are several confessions included iu the recognised Churches, that is to say, those Churches which aye in. alliance with the State and subsidised from tfie .State, exchequer, so that we have in Switzerland very emphatically presented to us the evils which, flow from the connection jjetyyeen Church and aii(j.pyer again, so we jpay repeat,-the- only way to ' get out of the difficulty is for the State to have nothing to do with the Churches, but to mind its own business,' which is tp protect thp natural rights of all its subjests, In Switzer land, as in Prussia, the State; has shown its.elf jealous of the encroachments of the Ghiircb, but, has, itself, ojnitted. to abstain. ..from committing the' • very 1 faults -.which ; it saw or thought 'it saw iu thg pressions by the, ecclesiastical pojwer. I; The 1 tendency of priestcraft to encroach; upon the domain of, reaspn and .of conscience; is -written with marks-of-iblood; .upon'Sthe history o£/the human lovers of liberty therefore naturally sympathise to at:greati/extentiwith thh/positions J assumed by ' Prussia, and jby portions of vthe'- Swiss Republican their - at tempts to oppose what they consider to be the tyrannical, claims revealed in the Syllabus and in the buU. of Infallibility., ,To many minds there" is', something inexpressibly 5 comic/ 6r. : worse" in"' the" notion* of" the- Holy Ghost -going* by .vote, in an Arena "bPpassion-’-arid intrigue, and it is too late surely in the history of humanity for reason and political States to be frightened by a piece of parchment signed by a very old gentlemen, unarmed, backed up though he; may-jbo, ;by anrarmy .of--priests. Reason and' common- sense still count for •something in the affaiis of life, and it is a most potent fact, as we'-'pointed out the other day, that, judging from events, the symphaties of- the Roman Catholic .laity-donot, support the claims set up'by the Vatican'Council. This may disclose a • want of logic in the Catholic laity, but that is their affair, as the illogical action of Protestantism is the affair of the --Protestants. , As secular reviewers, of current events'our business 'is to point but what we conceive, to be the. only way out of these differences between Church and State, and, in placet of /repeating our pwn words ,we will conclude this article by the quotation from M. de Pressensb’s article upon Switzerland: — ' / ' If we took note of principles—which is the point of view futurity wilt take—it'wpuld suffice to demand the fall separation of Church and State, upon the condition of a just and severe application of prin ciples to the necessities of common right. It would be to seize the sword of .Alexander to .cut the.inex : tricable tnots'Aliiohresult from the ’union of ’the two powers. There is no other means of obtaining religious peace, provided it is arrived at by equitable transitions, which treat ..with, respect all acquired rights, and that in enlarging the right of ecclesiastical property mortmain is avoided. Nothing would be easier than for Switzerland to realise this great re form, which is demanded everywhere. Those ( even who do not wish it’to-day may accept it on .principle. Already the Canton of Aargau has decided in its favor, and only a few votes are wanting to make triumph in the Canton of Neufchatel, This point, will certainly be arrived at . when the people are weary of the re ligious struggles, and of the hatreds that they kindle. While awaiting this heroic remedy the State can do much to appease and end the conflicts without failing iu its high mission, which is that of protecting the right., If it does not wish to imitate the American Republic, let it imitate at least the wise and prudent policy of Italy, which has known how to manage the Catholic conscience, save on the point in which the latter cannot surrender—to give to the Church in free dom what it has taken from it in privileges, to abro gate the placet, and to take no part in the election of-bishops. It is necessary now to make a choice be tween the system’of Cavouf and that of Bismarck, r ' • 