OCEAN-STREET (WOOLLAHRA) CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.—last Saturday afternoon there was laid the foundation stone of an addition to the Ocean-street Con- gregational church. There was a large attendance of the residence of the suburbs of Woollahra, Paddington, XXXXXX j.JJL «te, as well sa of visitors from Sydney Tos jKSîy Societies of Woollahra were represented by \SrzL udm'mbers. There «ete repteat^ted Division Í7Mofíb«Son«oí Temperante, Lodge No 3123 of tho ST of Foreatero, Lodge No B of the Proteotant Atlt ^Tiad the Alexandria Ledge of the I O O T Tho *rm,apr«iiit w.ro the Reva J C1 Kirby (the pattor ¥*. ehnreh), Thomas Johnson, W Slatyer J G *¿L j p tnnderlruid, W Bradley, Allan Webb, and Poyen. The proooedings wore commenoed with L &&** of Ini 681*t .ayiDB< aftar which the Rev E-ai Johnson read o portion of Son p tu re appropriate to jTMnuIon. The K«-v J P Sunderland then engaged in 5,* The Bev Mr Kirby then read a paper notifying ?eiream-tsncea connected with the ceremony, which Sar VITÍER been read) waa placid io the cavity of the w After the stone had been lowered Mr Joilah (¡Qfiii declared it to be well and truly laid in tho name of Lpslhtr, Son and Holy Ghost Mr Mullan« then gave "jirta-, which was llátened to with mooh attention, ia *iUi bo congratulât» d the Oooan street congregation on y^ponity which had aria en for the enlargement of tho Leo, In whioh they bed been worshipping for some -cn pall, and »poke of the spiritual progress which was Seotdby inch os outward «ian. Spiritualism, and the Sit theories of leading acienUfio men-the aggregation T - the doctrine of catuotion, and tho indestruota _ ioroe, 4c., wera ably summarised and reviewed by «¿Voiles», who contended that the phase* whioh modem Aggfct had taken rendered it oil the more neceaaoxy that ETiould stand firmly by the faith of their Lord Jeoai »L* and do all they could to spread His Gospel ¿,J their fellow men The Rev Mr Slajter next g^rwff-1 those present. Ho mentioned that he was a, jtjt Congregaiiopal, and probably even the first -gitar who had preached in this part of the suburbs, ot .tan»hen there was no place of worship in the looollty \- --'"oi thomanalonsondrowa of houses whioh rw,_ eroue in Woollahra. He doubted whether ¡¡Vfóti no* be oble even to find the site whioh ho had ¡¿Mitti for a Congregational church, which afterwards I «nyüce to that on which the Point Piper Road church I fSe-aDt-- After a few words from Mr B Cooke (tha ÏS« _o the mrsistera and officers and members of the v Societies who had attended the ceremony Tho -T-«T.1 wtrfl closed by the tinging of the dorology, I (dib«fcentdiotion pronounced by the Rev Mr fraser Itawêrt. Mrs Daniels, Mies Heber Mtsi Smith t , ted hy Uro. Kirby, Mrs. Walker, Mrs Keeble, .al ilrf Trlvett , end a fourth waa kept by (a. Blumer, Mrs. Mooro, Mrs. Mildwater, Mrs. ?jilwould bo unfair to porbonloriao any There dkbiiof fanoy gooda, ehefe tfatwre In berlin wooi ana «awi work a varied assortment of abildren's clothing;. _"in ihell and card work, excellent photographs, a ttm&f; specimens of cabinet work by amateur*, and m lovers of all hues and kinds There was also a rs .jasast elall presided over by Mrs Mathieson, and stalls ja pat plants of the most popular descriptions In tho pgejjg a number of songa were song by members of the {-¿¿mt Choral ¡Fodety It to propoied that the basaar DsJd be kept open till Saturday next. The object ia to mt lo paying the expense of the addition to tho ohoroh, rb* will be to the extent of 26 feet in length. Aeoom ealitfcn will thereby be given for ooma 200 persons ?fiioul The cost it ia «etiolated will be about £1200 ïif Boho is tho architect for the addition. TEB LATA ACCIDENT IN GEORGS STREBT.-It dW wen, on reference to another column, that the awaaa Bogers, who waa injured on Friday night, by the anny sociable and horses, died shortly after the accident, -al Oat an inquest on the body waa commenced on Satur tTfbjL Several persona had very narrow escapo« from terra over, aa ino hones, with the wreck of a vehicle tndthtni. toro down the pavement on the western sido «.-ex-twtreet, which they entered upon at the Bathnrat otteorDcr, and only left when they hod reached the iimsikal The «fleeter* in front of the following three tea vera destroyed : Mrs. Millard (milliner), Mr ?fita'i Burlington fancy bazaar, end M'Coy, Brothers' Und thoo warehouse. The damage is estimated at SID ÏATAL OccintEfiTtCX.-On Saturday last, ikvt half put 6 o'clock, a little girl named Catherine taKfleld died from injuries received hy being hit on the W by a boy. It appears that the unfortunate girl, di vu about H year" of age, went to play on Friday domo», about 4 o dock, at a new building ia York street bat vwdi poseed between har and a boy named Peter Wtrew From word« the qnarrel esma to blows, and aU'Grrgor took up a brickbat and throw it at the girl (Id, itnkinR her on the loft eldo of the head, just tut the tar she staggered from the blow and fell, at the o uno screaming for her mother Hex-sister cama to «mriiUnce and brooeht her homo, and on the way, near nattuce to Mawe. M'Arthur and Co 'a atores in York oat, deceased fell down, and, when carried Into her home, àUi a fit, which lasted up to the time of her death-at Up ta. on Saturday The boy, Peter M'Gregor, is now ii* tul cay of the police An inquest will bo hold this ooa-j at half past 10 o'clock, ot the hotel at the comer .lor. and York streets ELOOD STOCK.-Mr George Kiss reports having ?len Recount of Mr Robert Matbvia, the pure-bred »Arab horse Deer Slayer, lately landed from the royal ni rtiamer Pera, to Mr Thomas B. Icely, Combcing, .air, for stud purposes ANOTHER SUPPOSED INFANTICIDE.-The body of an infant was found yesterday morning floating in the water near the watermen's steps, Pyrmont. The body when found had on a long flannel wrapper, over which was a piece of calico. It was found under two stones, tied round with a clothes line. The body was taken by the police to the dead-house, Circular Quay. An Inquest will be held this day, at the Observer Tavern, George street North. Iii TUET-On Saturday afternoon last, a faà far £25 a aide took place on the Randwick raoeoonrse »ra little Dick end Lady Clare Little Dick forced «Mirani the jnmp, and won rather easily at the end. k B. Doe a Westminster wos scratched for Tattersalls Cifra Eat BJ day Qiai ROAD WSSLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. fettiii-tiT hat the children boloaging to the Wesleyan ?way-«*«] Glebe Road were treated to their annual ?".**? Steamers left the Circular Quay three or four T* meg the day and conveyed the school children, {.SUB i umber of their friend« and visitors, to Birken ?w, Punnatta River where the picnic was held The Petara, soon after their arrival atnuied themselves Jftinrfay of psmoa which had been provided for *n,*iijiayid away all day with tho oxception of the teSTiIíer dinner, until it was time for returning home Stticioua INSTBÜCTION IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS ßiitUaiian; circular letter boa been addressed to tho £<*. Pabilo school teacher« in the colony - Council of *fjd«Office Sydney lGth November, 1874 Sir-I ?J-^by tho Coanoilof Education to request that B-ufuaiahirom tho school rooords Information as to L**** and denominations of the olorgymen who may £¡TB--W the school under your ohorga during tho yeera y ?A 1873 to impart special religions instruction, ia J«« with the provisions of «ec 10 of tho Pabilo ,"J?W, together with the number of visit» paid by l5%rota fur that pnrposo 2 The Council iorther J?4-* jon will state tho Bumbora of children on FV-*4 in actual attendance at the school on oth Ooto J« «tween the age of 6 and ti 6 end 13 and 13 and If TnibnJd also report if there is a fourth class In I*H and li there was anything exceptional In the **?*! on the day opocifled. ' . J^fiRtnoN oi? THE RAILWAY INTO TEE CITY ¿j1*- h« aotm by reference to our advertising column« '..FIMM meeting of the inhabitant« of Newtown will ?-j-knight in the Town hall of the borough in sap ?T Hu proposal to extend tho railway into the heart of - CENTRAL POLICE COURT.—Soon after the com- mencement of business, on Saturday Mr. Buchanan referred the Court and, addressing the Bench while yet a one was pending called the magistrate's attention to what appeared to him to be a most extraordinary proceedings, a summons made returnable on Saturday, which was only last night served upon his client, the defendant, and asked that it might be at once called on and adjourned until a future day. The learned counsel was asked to wait until the case then before the Court was disposed of and his application would be attended to. When Mr. Buckman renewed his application for a postponement in the case, he said that he was in attendance in the summons court soon after the opening of the Court yester- day (Friday) morning and on his application to Messrs. XXXXX ley, the «Itting Justices tho oaso of Barr v ?*>vusmt into Captain Seo» o room to be hoard, where it was called on, and no prosecutor appearing, it was ¡¡5** for want of prosecution. Lae* night, however ¿.»Wi served with a fresh tnnunoas in the case ^ fitarasMo to-day contrary to the jwnoHoe (22 -FtBn eatabllahed, bo had been Informed .¿t?*T» namonsea retnmablo on Saturday, and E? ?"»eoed to be peculiarly -btconvonlaat to hltn ^*Ai«othffenraa«mantsfortheàay Mr Gannon, reposed tho adjournment, and said that, so far from Z¡J* sid« havh>* gratti-,., of complaint, they wera C7 .Wth oxmurdlBsty lenity. Inasmuch os a warrant P* w. besa applied for insW of s trash suam-ni L&*" P^tpOMd nntll Monday It tniisplnd that ^wraw»at was In fact In attendance, and hoard his |au'^aaa*«nt In respooM to both Ootot-rooms, In JtV^oaseswers going on, and, knowing notting of PBtt-tta room, though? that a mistake had been ¿Zj*4 vont away This Is saother fnstanoo of the in SA!ÍA,ÍV tnm toàvlkh* profeawhmal mon by 7* .".n, oat oTpropsr oourso. - OLD COIN.—A correspondent writes :— ii* f»-^ wa« a (Swn and tia words'New South 6 íft18tí i « the other the werta * Fifteen Bi-LÏÏÏ""y.« J«-* mdsrs inform mo If thors was and a current coin in the colony." ——————————————————————————————— SUPREME COURT.—Master's Office. This Day at 10.30.—Dixon & Williams and another, to tax on exceptions. Smith v Waratah Opal Co., minutes. At 1 a.m. Bucknell v. Vickery, adjourned examination. - TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH ST. LEONARDS.—On Saturday last a submarine cable was laid to the North Shore under the direction of Mr. E. C. Cracknell, Superintendent of Telegraphs, who was assisted by several officers of the Telegraph department, and members of the Naval Brigade. The cable was placed on board the Naval Brigade barge Torpedo, which was towed by the Government steam launch Pioneer. The end of the cable having been landed and secured near the steamers' wharf at Dawes Point, the paying-out commenced, and at 3 p.m. the North Shore end was landed at Blue's Point. The land-lines on each side of the harbour have already been erected, and suitable premises at St. Leonards rented for a temporary post and telegraph office, which will be opened to the public on the 1st January next. After the cable was laid, the usual toasts were made and everything found to be in perfect working order. We are informed that the line will be extended from St. Leonards to Manly Beach as soon as the necessary funds are provided for the purpose. - THE VOLUNTEERS -On Saturday afternoon, there wes a general parade of the entire brigada. The Artillery assembled at Hj/ao Park, the Sydney Battalion "Volunteer Rifles, with the Ene-moora and the Grammar School Cadets, at tho Victoria fiarrook«, and the Subur ban Battalion Volunteer Rifles at the Darlinghurst Court houao Tho latter wera attired for tho first time Ia their new scarlet uniforma, and presented an excellent appear once There oon bo no doubt that entire unanimity in tho clothing end appointments adds materially to tho aspect of our little force when brigaded together The ArtlUory wore under Major Wilson, Major Wella taking command of the garrison and Captain Fahov of the field batteries. Lion tenant Brown acted as Adjutant Major Raymond com mended the Sydney Battalion Y R , the Adjutant being Captain Chatfield tbo Suburban Battalion were under Major Goodlet-Adjutant, Lieutenant Wilson. Captam Rowe waa in charge of tho Engineer« and Captain Weigall of the Grammar Sotool Ladete, The force formed up In Moora Fork, In line of quarter column«, facing weat and at about -1 o dock Colonel Rlohardaon arrived Ho was attended by Hnjor Baynes and Captain Christie (Major of Brigodo) Having been received with tho usual honours be rodo up and down the Uno andlnspeoted it- after whioh, the men were exercised in marching past. Afterwards, a number of brigodo movement» wero executed in good stylo the evolntuna terminating with a general adran» of the whole line in review order The various corpa took the road to their places of dismissal at about half past S o clock ARRIVAL OY THE EX KING OP FUL-Yester day, Thskomban, tho ex Ring of Fiji with hu son Katu Tholoo and salte, arrived in H M S Dido, from Levuka, I having left that port on tho 11th of November The BOW* ' from Fiji hythe Dido la unimportant The only thing spoken of was tho unwillingness of the ox corporation of Levuka to give up tho books of tho sonnant munloIpiUtv I This question had caused, muoh anger amongst too ex I aldermen, and much amusement to tho general public Bveryth ng ainoe the departoro of the Pearl hod remained perfectly quiet J ST ATORBVB SCOTTISH BI-^EYOLBNTSOOIETY I -The Kennedy family will give a concert this evaalng, in old of the abovo socioty, when the entire pt-oaeods of tho evening will be hended over The performances of tho Kennedy« will conclude in Sydney on Satnrday next Theto will be a performance every evening CRICKET -A match was played at Rowley's Hill on Satnrday, tho 21st instant, between the 1st Eleven« of the Elswick and Queen a Own Clubs and retailed m a -victory for tho former clnb The following aro tho scores -Queen a Own, 67 2fiowiok,84 Another olorm of tho Elswick Club played the 2nd Eleven Queen s Own and alto obtained a victory by eight rune tho Queen a Own obtaining 41, and the 21s wuk 49 The bowling of Greig for the Elswick club is worthy of mention, ho obtaining nine wickets for 12 runs.-On Satnrday, the 21st instant, a match was played, on Moore Pork, between the Young Oxford O C and tho Wellington C C , whioh re- sulted in a viotory for the former by two rons and four wickots to spare -On the 21st instant a match wo« played on! Jones Hill between the Rue C C end Alexandria C C whioh resulted in a viotory for the latter, with 6 mae to spare The bowling on both aides was very efleotive CAPTAIN COOK STATUE.-A meeting of the Captain Cook Statue Committee was held at tho Suprome Court on Friday Sir Alfred Stephen presided. The tnultea of Hyde Pork having given their coiiaent to the placing of flagging and on iron railing around the atatne, the committee proceeded to examine several plans for the work Ono showing a very handsome iron railing aub milted by Mr Blacket was unanimously approved of The cost together with that of the flaggiax; Is ostimatod at £¿60 The committee having scarcely sufficient fund« m hand for the purpose of completing this work, Sir Alfred Stephen, Mr B. » Smith, M.LJL, end Captain Watson wore appointed a deputation to wait upon the Colonial Secretary to ask for a contribution from the general revenue forthoobjoct SERIOUS HORSE ACCIDENTS-The Souilurn Argua reports that, aa Mrs Keeto, of Gurrunda near Gullen, was oat riding on horseback last Sunday, soo loot control over the .ami-n,.]. and after being galloped away with for acme distance was throws from tho asidlo In her fall she came In contact with a tree, and received saoh séricas injury to tho fan as to deprive her of sight from one eye and oaaso terrible diaflgarement of the features Dr Davidson has «ince been in medical attendance apon tho sufferer, and she Is making gradual progress towards rccovory-On Tuesday ovenlng lut, Mr Frederick Shepherd, of Wheeo, met with some fearful injuries, . He wes monstiag a horse at a «lip panel near to his residence whim tho animal swerved, and he either, got jammed against the rails, or elsa waa kicked by the quadraped, for having fallen to tho ground when his father and others went to hlí enlatan« they found one of the legs dreadfully smashed and blood streaming therefrom A mattress having boen proonrod the injured gentleman was oarefnlly placed upon It and conveyed to tho house, whilst a mesienger was dispatched with all «peed to Goulburn, to obtain «urgioal assistance. Dr Morton rodo to Wheeo and found that Mr Shepherd had sustained a comminuted fracture of the lag, requiring portions of the bone to bo removed. DEATH OF A YERY OLD NATIVE OF THE COLONY. - ThB Macleay Herald aUtes that William Cook, well known to the inhabitants of Kempsey, died on Thurs- day, 20th instant, after a week s illness. Ho was the son of a soldier belonging to a regiment stationed hero In the early dava in this colony He was 76 years of ago and may probably be regarded as the oldest European native Ia the colony ATTBMPT AT WHOLESALE POISONING -Tho Armidale Chronicle reports that a moat diabolical attempt was made early on Sunday morning to poison the whole famll} of Mr Worner, superintendent of Aberfoil station, In fuct servants, doge, cats, and all living things on tho station eecm to have ooma under the bon of the would-be murderer From the few particulars wa hove boen able to glean, it appears that a slater In law of Mr Womer bad her brother in law, who at once knew by the taste that atrj elnins had been sprinkled about Of course tho utmost alum prevailed, anti on further search It was discovered that' the bread and meat hod been removed from the cupboard, where they were usually kept, and stryohnine had olio been mixed with somo floor placed ready to be ttitd for baking Whilst this investigation of the premises was going os, a cat obtained access to the dairy and stole tomo of the poisoned milk, it is almost oooeces cary to aay that this unfortunate member of the felino race will Dover again lap the unctuous ilaEd, or show ita capacity for theft Tho police, we understand, have proceeded to Aberfoil to try to gain somo information, and we shall be very glacr to hear that tho villain in whose brain this terrible crime was conceived wOl soon bo safe In their coatodv. with o strong case made out In all plots of a nature similar to the present there ora some vary narrow escapes, and this was no exception. The naneglrl was «mt for milk In tho morning for the children s breakfast and -she was in the act of taking it from the poisoned milk dish when tho man carne In with fresh muk from the yard, and the girl took that instead. AN INCORRIGIBLE CONVICT-The Holbourne Argus states that a prisoner at tho Pentridge Stock ade. named Williams, alias Smith, silos Miller, was guilty of on extraordinary not of violence and insub- ordination lost week. He is at present undergoing a s-scand sentence, and, from tho commencement of nie incarceration, he hss shown a determined spirit of resist i to all the rules and regulations of the department dnot^butihomoL_,_ _ more perverse he has become. He has been brought before Mr Call on scores of occasion* for misconduct, samo of the charges being of a very serious nature, bnt has boen let off on giving a pioxoise that he would conduct himself better for the futuro, but on Mr Calls next visit to the station, he would generally hear a répétition of Williams a former offences, snob as sasanltlng eon» of the warders or making a wrack of the cell furniture. A short time ago be was charged with on offence of this nature, and sen- tenced to three months' imprisonment Ia Irons, and/he has to be strictly guarded, as bo hss threatened the Kfo of tho superintendent and Mversl of the warders. Last week he wes brought before Mr Gtudlner, the superintendent, for his oobdoot. While an officer was giving evidence against him m the office, ho took ofT bia «hoe and flung It at tho witness's head In the most violent moaner, fortunately missing his sim , end it was with ootuiderablo difficulty that he was .removed from the offlos and looked np lo his can. Tho most offootivo punishment for emoh a man woaJdbe that which the negro doctor In tho H Mysteriös of Pariai' inflioted on the brutal Maître d'HcoIe. BBSAxrAJT.-BtWi Ooooae^EATaWrt .!*-» CcKvearnre, » By a taeceaah awowMfO of the natara! laws walo» gérera the o-Hntfflssof a-rertloa and natriüo«, ead bye oaraful appUoa ttoa «L the nae .wepar-'- -* -«-«»-.-- --- f- «-- * Vrovkt^Mr kroskxast ti taatöoja kaowlsdfO of the aataral law« walo» roven -*. w_iatloaecidi«Bttoa and nsMtie«, sad bye oaraful appUoa ttoa rät tas nae inof-ertie« of w-ll--«e*ectad «eeoa, Kr BOM bat yrc-fttad-w »r-oakxaet te>»M with s deliealetv iaveved Wara« wbte^niMjsave as »say beary dootoso' bills »-CfoU Strwb* 0OM4tfyyUi7*\&ltirllkbo;\far^or*SXk. .fsekptakat Is labelled-.. JAMBS Brn sad Co., Homeopathic OMSaUts, «Co^don,-* KAKOTAOTOB« O# Oaooa^-" Ws witt sow give i MWaojt of |hoproeaal aaostefl ayatsaan James B-pp« aadOc.. -otaaaJkBtaiers pi «tetetfa artielpt, at their warka la/tha Bastes »MM «ai««« f---aws-srtiSBTa QamWiB6*iM4 (?WM»,-ABV,. C i-ooÇrr^-4-*»'-A pubbo meeting of the frifùds ísnd BUiPott«s of Mr John Ysrdtwos held dVôatordsy ovcLing, at Foster*« Hotel, comer of Macquarie and Ouvlbnin strests Thero wes on attcadanoo of over «DO petecns Mr Maloney occupied the oholr Mr Yard addrerred the meeting at soma length, amid continued opplaute, expressing his opinions on various toplos now agitating the alado of the ratepayers of the eily Mr HI au ile i -proposed sod Mr Rhodes aec-Oftded -" That Mr John Yard Is a fit and proper wraon to represent Cook Ward in tho Muxtfolpal Counol' oi Sydney/ wb lah was mrritd unanimously and with great cheering, and the p- o coEdinge olceed with three ehters for tis Queen, foUowetl hy threo more for the candidate and ohafrmaa 'JPUS IUOB -A correspondent draws our atten- tion Id the ¿anger of 'bases racing along George street on a Saturday nî,?ht Last Saturday night, Jiesiye, he s w two omniboies (froth of whioh, he think*, belong to tho Newtown Omnibus Co ) racing along George street, and v>ben paealng Robert;* hotel, at Market strvet, saw them .cotter the crowd of poisons that was leisnruly walking along It must be considered a miracle how all tboeo people eeceped without a single one being iDjared , for it was no fault of the drivers that some of them were not sent to the Infirmary NEW ZEALAND. - We (Argus) have New 7eeland intelligence to tho I8th instant His Ex cellenoy Sir James Fergusson left Wellington tor Auok lnnd In his yaoht Blanche on the 16th instant He will await there the arrival of Lord Normanby Sir Donald M Lean, the Nativo Minister, Io st present on a visit to hie oonatltnente st Napier He has boen onterUlned at a public dinner, st which the Superintendent of Hnwko Bay and all the chief men of the placo were pi-cent In responding to the toast of his health he availed Iumaelf of tho opportunity to comply with a wuh Uiat had been loog expreefed He gave full expression to hie political views regatding the impending constitutional changos, tho barden of whioh wes that he folly endorsed the policy of hil col leagae and ohief, the bon. Mr Vogel The senti monta enunciated aeemed to bo approved by all pro ?ent The barque Oneco, of notorious fame, when leaving Otago, did not go to sea with one of her old crew Even the boys left her The Inhabit ante of Onohusga preaented Mr O Rorka (lato Minuter for Immigration) with a valuable service of pinto in acknowledgment of his disinterested sobón in retiring from the Ministry In responding, Mr O Rorko said the atep wes not taken hurriedly, or on the impetus of the moment, but after matare consideration The Government have taken action with the view of prose-anting a locomo- tive foreman, through whose oareleunesa a aorioas accident ocenm d on the rall woy at Dunedin, by whioh several persons were serionsly injured A patient named Han nokaon, jumped from a window in the top story of the Dunedin Hospital on the 2nd instant She was mad when admitted She died within half on hoar after tho leap The nabves at Kutti are in doFperate straits for food They oro trying to obtain advances on their cropi The court of inquiry at Napier, under tho Merchant Shipping Act, have acquitted Captain Yeal, of the ship Rosalia, of the oharges of habitual drunkenness ead moompotenoy brought «gainst him by the mata and crow, bat ware a' opinion that he had been intoxicated occasionally on th voyage, and made no order for costs. NAVIGATION AND COMMERCE AT LEVÜK.1. The Costom-hooio Returns for Levuka (tho chief port of the Fijian group lately ceded to Great Britain) contain statistical data affording muoh reliable information-useful to all, and partiooWrly interesting to those who aro engaged in commercial pursuits. It appears that the navigation at the Fort of I evaka for the year ending oa tho let of October, 1873, may be rammed np as follows -Tho total number of vessels entered at that port danae; that year was 94, the aggregate tonnage being 8018 Of theso ship? seven were steamers undor the British flag, representing an aggregate of 1432 tons. Throe ol those steamers wore trading with Anokland, In New 7ealand, and foar with Sydney Of the 87 sailing vessels remaining to be acooflnted for, 67 were also under tho British flog Of tiefe, 17 wera trading with Sydney, 9 with Aockland, 21 left Levuka on labour croises, 1 went to Melbourne and G vue trading with the Friendly Islands or with Samoa, 27 j, of the romoining 30 vessels wera nner " late Fijian flag, and of those, 24 wera their return from labour cruises, 1 carno Io from Auckland, end two from Norfolk Island Tho othor three véatela were- one American and two Danish Iho American (TJ.S ) was a vessel of 86 tone, from a labour cruise, and thtttwo Danish vessels woro from Hamburgh The ah.pi which during that year cleared from the port of Levuka were 8 el earners and 68 sailing vessels-In all, 76 The ra toms of navigation at tho Port of Levuka for the year -erdmg the 30th September, 1874, show 81 véasela entend, with on aggregate of 0677 tons Of these, 12 were steamers under the British Flag, 4 trading with Sydney, and 8 with Auckland Tho clearonoos of ships under the British Flag, 4 trading with ujuuej. UK*, d with Auckland Tho clearonoos of ships out of the Port of Levuka during the past year aro stated to have botn 77, and the aggregate tonnage of the ships io cleared 0328 tons Oat of tho 69 sailing véasela entered In 1873-74 69 wore under the Bntüh flag Of theso 16 wera trading with Sydney, 13 with Anokland, 2 with Melbourne, 1 with Tongo, 1 with Rotamah, 6 with Samoa, 16 with tho New Hebrides, 1 with Norfolk Island, 1 with Usa or Wallis laland, and 2 with tho Line Islands The remainder of the ahipa entered this year, and yat to be accounted for are-1 under American colours, trading with Rotumah , 3 under German colour», trading to Point do Galle, Samoa, Buenos Ayres, 2 Danish, to Hamburg and Samoa , and 6 under tho late Fijian flag, 1 to New Caledonia, 1 to tbeLinoIsluds, and 3 to tho New Hebrides. It will bo observed that In the year jost terminated, not fower than 10 ships have oleared oat oí Levuka for Iho New Hebrides, and that of theso ships 16 wera andar tho BntLih flag That significant fact (Irrospectivo of the declinations of Line Islands, Rotumah, *xo) forcibly directs attention to the circumstance that there mast bo an imperative neceeslty for the continued importation of " foreign labour " into Fiji, to work the plantations This is a recognised fact, whioh is totally Irrespective of any local form for the Government The Imports of Fiji for the year just terminated aro veined at the Customs at £99,66116s. ¡5d the articles at tho highest volaos being drapory (£25 604 4o. 6d ) provisions and oilmen s stores (£14,912 la Sd ), machinery (£10,636 0a Od.), and hardware (£8728 6a 8d ; Lito ¿took, broadstoffi,, spirits and timber ara also rep resented by comparatively high amounts The oxporte of Fiji for the year ending 30th September, 1874, for the year ara £68,020 for cotton (3401 bales) £lö,-179 for beche de-mar (6847 bags 14 oates) £6o71 for copra (619 tone), £6546 for oil and cocoanut (2 tons 98 hogsheads, and 001 casia), and £1481 for fibre (3703 blindies) The exports wore sent to Groat Britain, New Zealand, and the Australian colonies and the Imports wer« brought from Great Britain, Germany, and the colonies of Australia For tho above Interesting partioalars we aro indebted to Dr Brewer of NongimaHonie, Levuka Iho American consol for tho Fijian group How SOME FARMERS IN ENGLAKD TREAT TUB m LAiiouitxns -It is osseited that In Wiltshire the formera had decided among themselves to lower the wages of their labourers from 12« tolls a week, on the strength of the good harvest and the oonseqaenuy cheaper broad. Profeator Fawcett holds that there is no justification for this chango in tho state of the labour market in Wiltshire that there is neither a loss demand nor a greater supply of laboor and that the labourers, though hardly in a position to rceiet, feel intense indignation that thoir employers intend to avail themselves of the cheaper pnces cauied by a plentiful yield, by which they aro great gainers, to guard against thoir labourers securing any share of the advantage of that plenty MB. J PHELPS, THB ACTOR.-The Melbourne Herald understands that the management of the .Theatre Rovnl signed on agreement with Mr Pholps, junior, acting on behalf of his father, for the groat tragedian doing the Anstralion toar Mr Phelps, immediately upon the en gegement being made, telegraphed to his father, who is at Íresent In London, advising him of the engagement (whioh i for the legitimate drama), and requesting him to leave England, so as to arriva in Melbourne by the February Kiail Ona of tbo stipulations was that Mr Phelps should have the otago direction of the pieces produced TELEGRAPH OPPICEB AT SEA -" Can it done!- »AM tbbPhiladelphia Lfttger-th&ti;è can measures bo dovircd to enable steamships at sea to kiep np tele graphic communication with the shore ? The rest of tho civilised and commercial world is within easy tologmphic communication of each port, but tho largo community whioh lives oa our passenger steamships Is totally cat olí from the rest of the world tho moment land disipper and the question is-" Can anything bo done for «um Two flans oro suggested-one to pay ont a small aid a _ paraltvoly inexpensive cable by the departing steamer thoa seeping up communication with the sailing port bat this plan meets with so many objections, In the «hapo of ex peases, tho loss of a coblo on each trip, and tho uncertainty of keeping np suoh communication, that another is ang geeted, having mora of system and business principle as its basis-namely, tho establishment of cable stations on (ho high leas, built opon buoys, at whioh a steamer moy stop and commonicato ii in distress, give hex timo, and enable her passengers to commonicato with their friends on elinor shore The object would without qnoation be oxtremaly desirablo, while tho plan, te say tho least, appears no more impracticable than did tho laying of the oablo betwoan tho United States and Europe before tho hitherto inor¿dlblo task hod boon accomplished. EXCURSION TO BALMORAL,-The annual excur- sion connected with the Sorry Hills Wosleyan. Sunday aohool took place at Balmoral on Satnrday lost Tho weather was beautiful and Ano, and each trip tho steamer^ Broadolbano made added a large number of parsons to those already on the ground. Then was no want of amusement for the children, sa s large, propasan» of gazoos bad bean preparad ' for them, and overything eondaoivoto thoir pleasure - very sfaooeufally carried out. THE PEOPLE'S CONORT.TE -There waa a crowded attendance at tho people's concert giron in the Temperance Hall cb Saturday evening. The Bon J. Fraser, M L O , presided. The programme-inolnded a varied oolootton of popular songs, duets, and glees, whioh wera given in a n-jannar that well sustained the high charoatsr dosacvedly obtained by the Saturday waning etftortalnmenta. Tho company was an unnsnsUy strong one, comprising nearly all eui principal local vocalists. A couple of violin solos by Mr. John Jone» wer« well reoslvod, as was tho piano fort» eWertare Mrs. Caldwell was tho ssoompanlsl M AD AME ANNA BISHOPS CONCERT.-Another of thojsdmlrabls musical eptortafaimeats whioh this osls braUdlaruste U treating th« musical pabilo of this city to, wül t^ko place this ox Mtivr>mUalste, will tal«» part In the petforaanoe« 