VIBIT OF THE OOADJUTOBRARGHBISHOP Or SYDNEY AND THE SOUTHERN BISHOPS TO IPSWIOH.. The arrival of the Ooadjutor-Arobhbishop of Sydney, in company with his brethren the bishops of the southern oloies, bhad been announced for Saturday Svoning last, and it was expected that they would have o--u up the river by steamer. A great many of the inhiabtants of the town were consequently on the tip o-e oF excitement during the afternoon, as it was in tended that a public ovation ehould be made on their rival at the whart During the afternoon, however, nltelligence was received in town that the venerable ~selate would come to Ipswich by road, and the pro 'a ?inwae s therefor changed. Shortly after 4 o'clock raproooeion of the girls attending the schools of the ilterso of Mrsy at St. Mary's passed through the town and took up their station on Limestone Hill. .The children were all dressed in white,.and wore isuhi of blib. 'A large number of the inhabitants of thetown-- on foot, on horseback, and in vehiclea a *e proteeedd a little over Limestone Hill to wait for . rrivalof tthbishope. TheVolunteerBand and the b of t.Mary's School were also in waiting. Atabout s A6fat 6o'clock a number ofcarriages were seen top ig the hill in the distance, and in a few minutes the ' bt Rer.Dr, Quinn, ofBrisbane,droreup in abuggy, :aving'by his side the Most Ree. Dr. Vaughan, the Sher bithops being in oloseattendanoe in'a large two hose carriage. On driving up to the crowd, the 'lbbps were received with cheers, and returned the ilntation» of the people by raising their hate and isttedly bowing on all sides to the crowd. A pro 'd0on was then formed, the children of the schoolt taking the lead. A number of adults followed the :Uoilde, and the Volunteer Band came next. Then M lo;wed the carriages in which the bishops were .ft??, ifter which came several private vehicles, and a -uimber of horsemenbroght up the rear. As soon * theiprmoesnion was got in marhing order, the band trauck up a quick march, and in a few minutes the :lng oolumn moved off for SB Mary's. A the pro e?-men momed down Brisbane.treet, the footpaths r, lined with people, and frequent salutations were hanged by the bishops with the crowd in passing. bfs_ piocesson passed through Brisbane-street, as far .i Wesr-treet, where it turned off for St. Mary's. On arrival within the grounds, the people knelt down, and received the blessing of the Bight Rev. Dr. Qluin, bihbopofthe diocese of Brisbane. Loud and ontianuous heering then took place, some of the aowd tieinga eseeingly demonstrative in their ex :c ?tion of lone. .... The Bishops then withdrew for a short time. At ialt?fpat d0blook Bishop Quinn, aoeompanied :-.ths Meet L~ew. Dtr.Vaghan and the other bishops, int hed lslllandsome Ulttleehurch of &t.; Mary's and D*oktbelseat. in'front of the altar. The building :~*abbot half.Bled with people. ' - r1. Qruw eaid be was there for the purpose of in. lI to them the Most Bev. Dr. Vaughan, Arch. bMf-pof ._an.i anusandOoadjutor.Arohbiehopof Syd l snana the Bigbt Ee. Dr. Matthew Quinn, Bishop .or.f e alrst and the Right Rev. Dr. O'Mahoney, Bikhop6f & e. They all knew who they were Jtd' fo wht purpose they had come amongst them. T- iiqy d cone to the town to pay a tribute of respect '.tthb uihtb iteute, to wish prosperity to the people, to 'add dilgnity-o the Ohnroh, and to bless the cause '"o ligion'd ednietion amongt them. They had 'aio nom e to race. by their presence the ceremonies Swhch were 'lto ike pdce on the following day; and "N'i eW?armte atholi osof the district all knew well . how to appreciate the honour conferred upon them. . Mr. P. O'l~aiWvu then oame forward and read an Saddarmsa follows- . May,: i st please your lordehips,-An event which aon?bes witnessed butseldom in the lifetime, even of thoe who liveSat extreme old age, has brought your :-_caehipe?oiisoslony. . • f)W?la, uaubjeete of this diooese and members of the Ohuroh you raole, experience that delight in your o-ssasag among as'.which ever oharnaterizes the feel. iaLpffsit.hfoal Oatholic on being blaeeed and honoured .Jy. .?wiitb from demotod prelates, who, along with being liebrtohful ganardisans of our faith and moralo, .a he :reprseentatives of our Divine Mediator, our neeog guidea, oar sinreret friends in adversity as Igltsa lapr·sperity. We appreciate more than .egsegcan exres, nay, more than the heart or ese ve,- -th'e bleasipgs. of such a visit, sia may now be invisible to human . ,j '?jsloe for it is an unspeakable pleasuare to ;th.&*stnamnyprelstes renowned for piety, lesrniug, :,lfedelcsi, sad ac?ifloifg seal, witness foar themselves rnsh. therreslentiments of a?tholies in this colony. s.ew :sgret exoedingly to inform your l?rdhipa :ta4. tlis , now for the fret time in the hitory of ar ldisilatere, about to mar the fair fame of our lan5i always rensarhamhble for dealing out equal jutie to sll clse? and toall oreeds. Amongthe 4ets.flhe Igoee smmbly, in. whioh we feel an h? ridlhrill, itis feared appearan enet p 't_/l5wo.third of the peop e of Queens. ,paTMeirt rigte. Catholice will be the greatest in aw. .... .; '- "'idetpf tbje painful etate of things it will Styour lordships to learn that we, coun ;aeltda d by our aolesiestioatl uperiore, are Uaardand atalluoor, to maintain l~nrpiihpl. Iand bave them sobjeclto you alone. in worne times tban .I»«fallen to oar ;,lodi.Lfor oa education sloung with bearing the on .fiut and bhevy berdens kid apon them by the State. P.wVf p not to diboour their memories by being monri n el to ourchildren than our parents were to uo, . or ar we e ignorant of the greatness of the objeot -tlhe layingof tbe orner-toneof a new convent whioh broeght yon to Ipswich. If Ohriptian sooiety is toend ice fe-male portion of it mest bare echoole b ound rdligioun education can be imparted. ti mcother e .the eye of the house, and if she be ;ARenti t Le whole family will be wicked. We trost tW feeto'e long there will be religioas oommunities of ien erery town f the colony who will take 6bfarj 6 the elooation of the male portion, as the nDoi taie i harge of that of the female portion, of our aine joUth. 'It would be vain for one. generation to lti cetheidrals and churohei without inog. a true ,rliio* *raioiqg t 4tbhe maoeeding g"fiation, for 'the ohildreia would quickly pall down the edifies lied b thtir parents. , In conolosion we expreys our onqualiBedl attach. ment, obeilence, and gratitude to your Lordships. Wihig yon nm e f ohappy yearn of naefalnese among 7or"pcepleand the eternal glory hereafter. -Q"tsned on bhealf of the Catholiocs of Ipswich and ... - [IHere follow the eignaturee.J ilo s Bitel Rv. Dr. EVenarG , in reply, maid that in the name of the bibshops present, and for himself he thlanke them most heartily for the very beautifr addre. they hadjest.presented to them, which w?i eo iull of profound .end true thought. It had with verygreat pleeure that they had visited 2 hase, where they had been received with the uordiallty.nad kindnes by aell lsa?ses of thpea It was no leos gratifying to them to come sarther the oounnt and to find the same spirit of ean me-tlin8 Apo pervade te maeses eih?oh the peols(o 'metropolis. It had heenh and ous sight to.them to see, a the enn wai too oheavepp, on thp edseof thed bellei 1t~bqeob ei3nyhoiremen and circpes, anf such a multitude o oplewith a band of kind friends friends ..iee. believ d potre of their own aso. \-----smi blesd . ooot them with a welcome so hind nd eo open, aiandeondict' them through the town to their asifl" u ,rch. The eight had been m ah tst?te bshops.'hearte lS .jien stirred within thlsm od as for himself, hit lately arrived in' a -ie.hboeig colony, it was aeaIDten'of-fgreat dlight to him,'so fr from hens, to meet with a welcome s rob as he Poeld.hadg bare ex peodfroimo?t~to.e even .whohad hod annppsqnity of kowino jInd loing him more. It only.proved tohim and tojain brethen' the power and the ~Ilhjidof thlr odn mother Ohurch, wbhieh united inoaenthi hbeetend afectiones of her people towards themt, who under God were thbe ereIsoE ! of theApotles, nd whoseprivilege it was * toohow.to the people the lightwbieh made them free e. thanked them heartily as bishops and priests of Good's own Obhrch for that manifestation of love and adeotlon towards them. When he proceeded 'one ae p farther in theiraddress-to the reference to the stain whiob they said wee imminent under the Legies lature of-the colony, he wished to be allowed to make a few remarks. He had had the honour and privilege of becoming acquainted with the leading legisleators of * their colony. Those eminent statesmen had received tbhem so kindly, and showed such marks of enlighten ment and true progress that he doubted if they could be aphable of doing anything unfair or onjust to any section of tmhe community. That was his impression e and he would5imply add that he believed if this or that other change were about to be made it \- would be-- eteoted in the same kind, generous, and free pirit as that in which they had been aet and aIeomed by these eminent and loyal men. All that they sought was their own, and to stand on the same level with their fellowmen shoulder to haboulder adrancing the prop glory, the riches, and the name of that gret .$ in which they lived, and especially of that pusSs'-f it represented by the beautiful town f was a strange coincidence that whelaoth speak of education they proceeded, as Ltu y (ol lowing il, course, to refer to the nuns o-vent they were soon about to erect in their nl. He could say from his own experience thatbisad.-y gen tleman, not a Catholic, but possessed of sound com men sense, been with him to visit the schools to which Bishop Quinn had taken him, he must have admitted that no schools could be conducted on higher moral principles, or with better results thoan those conducted by these holy women, who not for any mercenary mo tires, but for their love and attachmentto the Church, spent all their energies in teaching the young how to live not only for the present world but for the next. No one could observe the modesty, the true Christian bearing, and the devotedness of these women, without being impressed with the good that must arise from their unceasing labours. He did sincerely hope that the time was approaching-and at present the clouds were breaking, and the brightness was becoming more conspicuous--a time when men would see that nothing was more conducive to the enlightenment of the people than Christian doctrine taught to Christian children in Chrietianschools where Christ himself was taught to the pupils. He would again thank them for their cordial welcome, and express his happiness in meeting them. He would also refer them to the prospect of meeting with them on the morrow, a day which would be a golden day in that town, and one which would not'eoon be obliterated from their memories. He thanked God fordrawing them together, and keeping them in the true Church. He prayed God's blessing on their families, as well as on those who were gone, and that He would bestow on them all that reward which they were born into the world to labour for and to receive. Master Tnons FtaEY, on behalf of a deputation from the boys' school of St. Mary's, then read the following address : " May it please your lordahips,-We, the boys at tending St. Mary's School, most respectfully thank your lordships for the favour conferred on us by your welcome visit to Ipswich. So great an event can seldom occur during our lives, and we therefore, although diffident of our ability to do so properly, desire not to allow this opportunity to pass without at leatst attempting to express the feelings of reverence and respect which we feel for the heads of the Catholio Churoh in Australia. "We also beg to express our lasting sense of the obligations under which we lie to our own venerable bishop, Dr. Quinn, for providing us with the means of acquiring a sound education, both secular and re ligions ; and hope that we shell never make other thon the best uses of this, the greatest of gifts which could be conferred on us, and never swerve from the teachings of your lordships and the tenets of our Holy Church. "We besech your lordships to exhort our parents to make some saeorices, if necessary, to enable our schools to be maintained, and thereby to preserve for us eare safeguards of our faith and morals. '* The grand and imposing scene in which we had the happiness to take part to-day, and the still grander ceremonies to be witnessed to-morrow, can never be eff'eed from our recollections, particularly as we shall see the foundation- stone laid of the convent, which in future days will be an ornament to our town as well as a treasure of nsefulness, and to us a memento of the eminent prelate by whom that foundation-stone eas laid-the Coadjutor-Archbiahop of Sydney. "We shall endeavour from henceforth to be more diligent in our studies, and if possible more obedient and respeotful to our teachers and our good priest, and conclude.by hoping that your lordships may for many years to come enjoy life and health to guide the faithful of Australia, and "Bemain your lordshbips' most " AfECOTONAT AD DLOnDnr OuctBENn " The Right Rev. Dr. Qun~N , Bishop of Bathurst, in reply said he was sorry he was labouring under a severe cold and could notspeak at any length to them that evening. He had felt truly stirred at the magni. ficent reception they had met with that day. In the two addresses which they had heard read he had found the same sentiments-the father declaring that at all hasards they would have for their children a Catholio edonation, and the lstiklea begging the fathers $o msake any seaoifioethat would enable them to obtain it. . This was a matter of gratifi8eation to them all, but oe.n ,espeoislly to the bishops, as it was the only mean by which they could obtain the end in view; and he believed that if they were determined to have it they would have it. They might perhaps have to wait and sefntfer some sacrifiues for perhaps a year br two buhot in a free country like this he was confident that the time would come when they must have their right; With Archbishop Vaughan, he believed that the enlightened statesmen of that colony weould not permit any such injustica to them and their children. He, too, had noticed and admired the kindness with which they had received them (the .bishops); and he believed that the friendliness which had been manifested to them as the heads of the Chureb was also meant towards them as a people. IHe tlanked the children for their beantiful address ; he hoped they would persevere in the sentiments it contained, and that when they should grow up to be ean and women and become themselves the heads of families they would impress on their children the sen timents, in regard to which they now.desired them to counsel theirparents. He hoped the blessaing of God would rest on them and enable then to obtain a Catholic education, and that their parents would if necessary make those sacriices which they ask. The Eight Bev. Dr. O'Meolear, Bishop of Armi dale, nekit addressed the meeting. He said the s dresses presented had been replied to so ably and . admirably that there weeas little leftl for him to shy save as to the subject of their visit and the manner in which they had been received. It was truly gratify ing to him to see the way in which they hsdshown. their respect to the arehbishop and the other bishops who were more or less comparatively strangers to them. Their reception had been extremely worthy of theOetholioasof the place. These good men had come amongst them for a noble purpose, and he was proud to see that their warm Irish hearse and strong Irish faith had found expression in the way in which it had developed itself. As for himself he was only their neighbour, living just over the ridges beyond them a shabort distance, and he thought be should be on their side to thank the other bishops for honouring them with their visit. The bishop then went on to speak of the good works which were going on in their midst \---of their beautiful edifices for public worship, their conventei, and their pofeut.network of schools, where .g o was beig done. He contrasted them etrikip works going on in his own dis . eot.the. pleasure he would have in to his people a report of how they dir Chebh and for bthe education of ara in the true tenets of their faith. in, in.which.the Right'Rev. Dr. Quinn, a?'n . HoMaranid Padre Capra took part, $ dtbe mceedsags. &ondty; m very erowdedeong Legation assemnbled in St. Marjg to hear the haogdjantero'h hbishop of fqdnley, angrtake jrt int e thlaytgb. t tifoandation? stone'ofte; Boidget's onwec4 Solimn' Rohtioel. High mas -4iaimensee at 11 o'olook, the:.elebrant behaig tie&-Bigbht ev -Dr. O'Labony, 'Sibbp of d~4i1e Rd?- n? v. Gleorge F. Dillon, ofbydney,tws a?stalt~piieatfj the deacon eand sib-deaeon -werethe. Reve.ef.otthbw end James Horan, and Padre Oaprs was niastdr of ceremonies. Thbe bishop of the diocese weas present in the sanc? tuaery. :The music of the .mas was very beautifully rcndered biy a seleot chhbr. After the last Gospel the Coadjutor-Archbiehop preaohe a as?oat effective aer maon, taking his text from that portion of the Acts of the Apostles proper for the solemnity of Pentecost. THE SERMON. The Archbishop took for his text these words from the Acts of the Apostles, " I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh" (Aote ii., 17); and he said: -My' Lord Bishop of Brisbane, my Lords, and dearly beloved Brethren,-It is a diffioult thing to treat adequately of the great subject which occupies our thoughts to-day; for it has to do with a supernatural action of the Almighty Spirit, which in its far-reaching power and its vast significance exceeds the capacity of ihe finite intelligence of man fully to comprehend and adequately to convey to otflra. Still, let us, raererntl and with due humility, fix our minds upon it, and, with the assistance of the comforting Spirit, do that. which in us lies to draw from it seuoh lessons as may be of service in confirming our faith and raising our minds towards heaven. The text which I have brought before your notice is found in the second chapter of the Acts, and was quoted by the great Prince of the Apostles from the Prophet Joel to prove to the mul titudes which hung upon his lips that "Jeaus of Nazareth was a men approved of God" through " the miracles and wonders and aigs" which he wrought amongst the people. Indeed, the vivid piotre whioh is presented to us in this second hebapter of the Acts of the Apostles is but the forecasting of the future is simply a type of a state of things which was to come, manifesting the power of God's Spirit over men, and giving in one example a sign of the work rhich had to be wrought out Is all times to come by the bholy Apostolic Ohoureh of God. Lot us tr a moment briefly examine the salient points which present themselves in this fiBrat picture of the newly fomnded Ohurch. The Apostles, for fear of the Jews, had assembled in an apper room, and were waiting "altogether in one place" for the Promised One who wse in one shape or other to visit them. "Suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a mighty wind coming, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting." And behold, together with this startling phenomena, there sat on the forehead of each one of them burning forks of spiritual fire, parted tongues as it were of glowing fldame. The brightness and light which thue visited them one and all were but the external emblems of that divine illumination which took possession of their hearts and enlightened their intellects. The life.giving Spirit in thus taking visible possession of each of them-in thus making each of them His own-created a revolution in the kingdom of their beings such as the world had never seen before, and established a throne in their consciences sonch as sIone could be set up by the supernatural power of the great almighty God acting on the frail flesh and half. broken spirit which He had fashioned pure in the beginning. Men who had left Christ in His dietress and on the day of heavy trial now are made as giants ready to run the way of His most dillicult command ments: men who before had been filled with doubt and misgiving now possess the faith strong as if it were a vision; men who up to this time had shrunk from the idea of pain or persecution or ridicule now are ready with cheerful countaenance and with elastic step to suffer all things; nay, to court the pangs of a martyr's death in witness to the resurrec tion of Christ, and to the truths of that religion which He came on earth to set on foot. Such were some of the marvels and revolutions created in the minds of the twelve by the spirit of courage, rigour, and illumi nation which had been spread abroad in their hearts. And, more than this-they were investedil with the miraculeous gift of tongues. They were so enriched by the favours of the Paraclete that they were in a posi tion to manifest to the world around them some por tion of the gifts which they had received: "Ahd they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak with divers tongues, according as the Holy Ghost gave them to speak." Turn now for a moment to the condition of Jerusalem at this period. The whole world, or at all events the representatives of it, had been drawn to the city, as if for the very purpose of witnessing this miracle, and of testifying to ite reality by nothing lees conclusive than their own personal experience. There were "Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and inhabitants of Mesopotamia, Judea, and Cappadocia, Pontus and Asia, Phrygia and Pamphilia, EJgypt, and the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Home, Jewas also and prose lytes, Oetea and Arabiases," besides representatives, no deoubt, of many other nationalities not made mention of by St. Luke. Now this vast and multitudinous con ,course notoolyean bedivided by us, but haveabsolutely divided themselves, into two great classes: those who believe and those who do not. Imagine for yourselves, dearly-beloved, the twelve Apostles leaving the solitude of their upper chamber and presenting themselves in their new characters before the crowding nationalitied which were pressing around them. Watch them as they begin to speak with divers tongues according as the Holy Ghost gives them to speak. See the effect upon the multitude: observe how "confounded in miad" they appear as they gaze at each other in aston ishment ; how they are "amazed and wonder" because every man of them hears the Apostles speaking in his own tongue. "Behold," they exclaimed, "are not all them that speak Galileans P And how have we heard every man our own tongue wherein we were born P? We have heard them speak in our own tongues the wonderful works of God. And they were all astonished and wondered, esaying one to another, What meareth thisP" Suche, dearly-beloved, wee the natural effect upon a mixed multitude of the supernatural manifes tation of the Spirit of God speaking through the human organs which he had chosen. All wondered; some, indeed very many, believed; " but others mock ing said, These men are tull of new wine." What many acknowledged tb; be the evident will of God, others declared to be the result of a debauch. Whilst some recognised the influence of the spirit of wisdom and the giftof tongues in the Apostles, others saw nothing bot the evil effect of too much drink: what to one class was a sign of a heavenly gift, to the other was a token of idiotcy or folly brought about by tle odious vice of excess. How did the Apostles bear with this open mockery P The Spirit of God taught them what they were to say, and who was to say it. For "Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice and spoke to them: Ye men of Judea, and all you that dwell in Jerusae lem, be this known to you, and with yourears feceive my words; foe these men are hot'dulb?, as you sup. pose, seeing it is but the third bour of the day." Then the Prince of theApostles went on to explain the principal airticles of the faith of Christ; whilst he deigned to take notice of the attack of the scoffer and the mocker, and to treat the strong-minded men of infidelity with the charity. of a follower of the Cross, he boldly and uneomprgqhispgly laid down the law of life to the Jews, antd'did not shrink from taxing them with the death of the Son of God. "Ye men of Israel, hear these wOdis: Jesus of Naezarebth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by Him in the midst oc you, as you also know: this same being, delivered up by the determinate coonsel andforeknowledge of God, you by the hands of wicked men have crucidfed and slain." With, p d id'the Apostle speak: the :race of God'?w C im; and when the multitude had heard h'iih O$ thley had compunction in their heart . . and they received his word and were baptized; and there were added in that day about three thousand sou?is." ow, this picture of Peter speaking to the nations of the world, and speaking with the uncompromidiig severity and artioulatoness of truth, bhas been repeatd in every age of the world sines the Church began; and the same characteristics have ever distinguishel the multitudes of the world. There have always bbed the hardened, the stony-hearted, and the infidel ih the one extreme; and the easy-going Chriotian, who does not care to analyse or to test any aergument, but prefers to follow his own pecnliar bent, in the other. Superstition and incredulity have each of them had a large number of votaries; whilst be tween these two extremes a still larger number of men are to be found, who use the reason which God has given them and do not altogether stifle the dictates of concience. BSuch as these hearken to the word of God, and, with His grae, allow it to be engrafted into the substance of their spirits; and the chosen ones amongst them are ready to lay down their lives in withiess to the truth which is within them. Now, what Peter did Peter's successors have ever dones; for what is the Holy See with the Popeas sovereign lords and the thousand bl?ebops of the Church who are in union with him, but the college of the Apostles ex panded throughout the world P What is that spirit which has animated the sovereign Pontiffs and taught them to utter the truth without compromise and to hold out the torch of illumination to the world, but that same Paraelete who descended on the twelve upon the day of PentecostP What are the three thousand who were baptised in the name of Jesus Christ at Peter's words but the first-fruits of those myriads who in due time were to be gathered into the one fold of the mighty shepherd of our souls? Follow the whole line of the successors of St. Peter to this day, read their history, note how and in what terms they have spoken to the world—epecially in days of trial-aod yoi'will find thit the old picture given in the Acts of the Apostles is ever and faithfully repro duced, and that the same salient points are visible in all. Take the very day in which we live—the day of material progress, of liberty and' prosperity, of the nineteenth century—and the old picture stands out as clearly, indeed if possible more vividly reproduced than ever. There is Peter on his holy mountain in the chosen city still: teaching the world, and with distinot utterance laying down the law of life and truth; far and wide:over the earth are spread the bishops and the priests, who have expanded, -and from an upper room filled the whole world. There are the multitudes still "amazed and wondering" at his words; some mock ing, others " wondering and saying one to another, What meaneth this?" whilst others, even at this mo ment, are "receiring the word," and will "persevere in the doctrine of the Apostles, and in the commuoni oatin of the breaking ot bread, and in prayers." Yes, dearly-beloved, and whilst we love to dwell upon these pictures of the Christian polity which thus present themselves, all as pointing to the one supernaturally organized Church of God on earth, in vasn do we seek elsewhere for the faintest approach to a resemblance. Blessed be God that he hasallowed us to be born in the true inheritance. Letus betrue toour high and glorious calling o let us ever thank Him for His gracious mercy in bestowing upon us so priceless a privilege-one of which others who possess it not, did they possess it, would make so much better use than ourselves. Let us with all humility do what lies within us to manifest to the world, by the example and tenour of our lives, that Christ has not been merciful to us in vain; but that we not only prise the matchless gift, but would be overjoyed to habate it with others who possess it not. And let us one and all love Jesus Christ. You, dear friends, who may not have been born in the ancient faith, look up npon the Author and Finisher of Faith, on our tender and compassionate Lord; love Him. follow Him; ask His Holy Spirit for light to see with, and grace to follow what you see; and the day will surely come when in Hie mercy we shall all of us see Him face to face, and taste of the delights and sweetness of His glory. Then shall we truly know the Father, and the only-begotten Son, and the gracious and comforting Spirit; then shall we see St. Peter and the great Apostles who stood up with him when he raised his voicee on the day of Pentecost, and all those holy ones of God of whom we have read in this life, and have loved for their generous deeds and pure and loving hearts. Then shall we all find rest and peace; and sorrow and mourning and doubt and anxiety will have passed away for evermore. In the evening the Archbishop preached again, and took for his text the words, " And I John nsaw the holy city, the new JTerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God" (Apocalypse, chap. xxi., verse 2). The most reverend prelate drew a picture of the vast ness, the wickedness, and the power of the Roman empire and emperors, and showed how the Sovereign Pontiffs and the universal Church supplanted, with a supernatural triumph, this greatest creation of the will and ambition of man. He then exhorted the people to be worthy in as far as they could of the virtue, purity, and sanctity of the Church to which they belonged. After the sermon the Rev. A. Horan announced that tbhe collection originally intended to be made in the church for the new convent would take place at the site itself where the foundation- atone was to be laid by the Archbbishop, lest any suspicion of pressure should exist. ToE LtYINce Or THE STOOP. SA procession was then formed, and the whole on gregation moved to the hill above the church, where the new convent is to be ereteld. The collection, purely voluntary, was hIeaded by the Bishop of the diocese with the very munificent donation of £200; the Sisters followed with a subscription of £800. Large sums were subscribed by Father A. Horan, Messrs. O'Sulliran, Gorry, Lellie, and others, and realized be fore the close about £1100, principally in cash offer ings. Great spirit was manifeasted throughout, and brisk cheering followed the announcement of each sum laid down. Messrs. O'Sullivan, Watkins, and others were very active in seconding the rigorous exertions of their pastor in getting in the amounts. At the con clusion of the eollection the Archbishop, attended by his chaplain, Father Dillon, and Fathers James and Matthew Horan, blessed the foundation-stone; and all returned to the church in the same processional order as they came. A luncheon followed, and was very largely attended. The health of his Holiness, her Majesty, and the visitors were proposed by the Bislhop of Brisbane and enthnsiastically received. The Volunteer Band ac quitted itself very creditably afterwards, and was warmlythanked and applauded at the request of Father Huoran, P.P. of Ipswich. 