A TRIP TO THE NORTH. BY PEM. I reached Clare. My business compelled me to leave for Georgetown, distant 30 miles, the same afternoon. I started. My turn-out was a ricketty buggy which had nothing remarkable about it. The horses were a ricketty pair, but unlike the trap they were remarkable—very much so. They each had an independent idea of paddling their respective canoes which made it awkward for the driver. One was a small white horse of apparently the most humble and gentle disposition, but with a latent amount of cussidness that was astonishing. The other was inclined to be lame, and more than inclined to be lazy; he had fixed determination that way. I started with a misgiving that 30 miles is their enlivening company would prove anything but pleasant. I had never been from Clare to Georgetown and was, of course, anxious to learn the direct way. I therefore applied to persons who had travelled the road scores of times before. They, with one voice, bade me dismiss fear, as I had only to ''go straight along." So I dismissed fear and went straight along. By dint of judicious flogging I progressed ten miles out of civilization gaily enough. Enlivened and braced by the fresh craning; air, I burst forth into song, and we rattled on merrily. At the end of the next mile, however, the lazy horse stopped suddenly as if he had lost something. His companion stopped, evidently sympathizing with him. I at once alighted. I am not a horsey man, but as I had seen such men in similar cases examine the horses' hoofs I considered this was the correct course to pursue. I had a very vague notion as to what I should see there and how to treat it If I saw it. However, not to let the horse see I was inexperienced (they say they are very cunning animals) I went knowingly up to him, and attempted to obtain possession of his hind leg—he or she (I don't know whether it was a lady or gentleman horse) resented this liberty, and with, remarkable ability placed one foot on my stomach, and with the other removed the woodwork from the front of the trap. I thought I would sit down; I did so, but obtained only temporary relief. If I may be pardoned for speaking on such a delicate subject, I felt all stomach. My first impulse was to thrash the horse. My second impulse was not to. I remembered that he was only a dumb animal, and also that he might possibly remove the remaining woodwork of the buggy. Thus mercy triumphed. I also postponed the examination of his hoofs sine die. I got into the buggy and coaxed them forward. Rather to my surprise they went; but I thought from the fiendish way in which they rubbed their noses that they were only concocting some diabolical scheme against me. All continued to go well, however, and gaining courage I leant forward and patted them. No fatal results ensued; and travelling at the rate of a well-behaved funeral we reached what in the progress of ages would be the half- way-house at the Broughton. A party of men were camped here, with whom I had a particularly frugal meal, while the future host led off my bounding steeds. The men were regular Australian bushmen, and one of them, a talkative old fellow, began telling me of the time when he was a gentleman, and informed me he knew all about Heroditus, Pliny, and Virgil. I received this information with several grains of salt, as I considered a person who had felt the softening influence of those respectable old gentlemen would never murder his "h's" with the appalling ferocity of this old man. Remembering that time was on the wing, and that I unfortunately was not, I ordered out my two specimens of the noblest of our domestic animals. They came out anything but cheer- fully, and seemed to have a distinct impression that they had reached their journey's end. I speedily undeceived them. It was now dark. I asked the man a question concerning the road; but, like my other informants, the only information I could get was that it was "straight on." Bidding him good night, I essayed to start; but this my horses in the most emphatic manner declined doing. I argued with them but as they positively refused to budge. I lost my temper, and forgetting they were dumb animals, lashed them unmercifully. This had the desired effect; they went on as fast as their miserable legs would allow tmem. My first intimation that anything was wrong, was, seeing the gentle white horse' standing on its hind legs and endeavouring to get into the trap. Swearing audibly, I got out went to their heads, and discovered that I had narrowly escaped being cut off, in the flower of my youth. I was attempting to drive over a perpendicular bank 30 feet high into the River Broughton. I did not review? the attempt, and blessing the men who told me to "go straight ahead," I lighted a match and found the road turned to the left. I felt very thankful for my escape, but I regretted sincerely that both the horses had not gone over. I at last succeeded in crossing the river, and then is I had not the vaguest nation where to go, I steered for a camp fire that Providence had caused to be lighted for my particular benefit. In answer to my enquiries, one of the men informed me the road to Georgetown was "straight on; couldn't miss it." I surprised the man by using a classical expression, and told, him that I had received that information in Clare, and that I had since made at least 400 turns, and had only just escaped "going straight on" into eternity, winding up by remarking that I couldn't see the ghost of what he called a track. He bore with my impatience, and to me to follow him, and would put me on a plain track. I followed him in the darkness, driving over a few enormous boulders just to keen my hand in, and reached the plain track. This examined with a match, and seeing which way the marks led went on my way with a lighter heart, considering all my troubles over. Alas ! W« travelled smoothly for about half an hour, and I was enjoying my pipe and picturing a w&rdi; supper, ditto glass of grog, ditto, bed, srbich swatted- me at my jonrney e end, when suddenly the thought flashed across ma that I was lost ! | came to this concluaon suddenly* but I was sure itwas correct; I had, followed tjieadriceof those fiends in human shape who bad told me to go straight on. I could see the track I was 'following" had been trending due east instead of north; Then, was no help for it, I ceuld only go on, hewing the road would soon turn to the north as it had done'befiere; but alas {-instead of thsit the track^gradually turned to Jnothingat all; and became fainter every minute., I,. however, " kept straight on," bumping pver fallen.trees, rocks, au£> grfM^taneg, tul the, life was nearly shaken nomine. * Soon all semblance of a track ceased al^uptly,;aad~the vegetation was breast high. I'had read' of'the aa&acity; of horses in finding a track, Jtf I let the reins slack and gavfe them thdrr heads. "What a wonderful thing is instinct' In a few'minuted they were on a track; Hew was 4d actual proof of this wonderful powor,^ I was delighted. , In about two minutes t was disgustedto find the track was only one of tte 50 i cattle.tracks about,, and I^nay remark feat that night I did not receive any other [proof •f this wonderful insttnot. In faot I think if I tad foObwed their wonderful instinct any more . 1 should be nttw' In a happier sphere. I don't Velieve in their instincfc-^not aWperth. " , 'Atthis partof* the journey! BSW a wondferful meteor, wonderful, I should think, eveti for this hemisphere. It wasas if a Vivid' limelight had suddenly appeared; the scenery was lighted up as vividly as by • day. The globe of : fire travelledin a westerly: direction and then burst; which was the best'thing it could do, for it leoked an ugly customer. I was astonished, k so wen the horsesj they stopped to admire it.. • \- Shortly after this I had & little adventure, but for fear you "think I'm coining the adventurer business rather strong I will pause here and remark thsjt everything I am narrating really happened to me. I had found the constant riding into, and.out of. holes, over stumps/ &c.;, becoming monotonous, and, besides, 'making sitting down anything but a recreation. 1 thereidrb stood up and drove. The result of this war that in one frightful lurch I was pitched out and emfcraoed by a grass-tree, which L may inform the ignorant is'about as-pleasant as sitting on a prickly hedge. I concluded therefore that I would sit down at all hazards. I shortly became aware by the increase in speed toatwe were descending an incline—our pace grew fester and'faster. I could"£ot see where we were going, and beouune alarmed. I found wa were descending an almost peipendicular hilL Horrified, I felt for the break; but it was too. late—we dashed on at a frightful pace. I set my teeth, and began repeating the service for the burial of the dead, and waited for the worst. The horses could not possibly stop— down we went so- swiftly .that 1 ooald scarcely breathe. We seemed to stop for a second, and. I saw an unpleasant black chasm in front of us. This the hortes,cleared, dragging- the fc-ap with a -crash after them. I remembered no more for a short time, then I found myself lying in the bottom of the tiap with the seat on my head, the trap smashed up and looking jike -a Chinese DUjzxle, and the horses anyhow. I didn't feel at all inclined to get up—in fact, after mature deliberation, I felt I might as'well stay there' as anywhere. 1 felt very much sat upon indeed. ^discovered I was near a shepherd's house, Mid made a dismal noise to let him know I was about. "When he became awarp of the fact he was not- so" pleased ais might have been supposed. He emerged in.graceful but airy garrfaptB, and asked what the -— I wanted. ~ I said - indeed '.I. did' hot require anything of 7 the sort, for I fatad just had the best imitation of it that could be procured ; but would he tell me if this was the road to* Georgetown, and whether the road I had. been- travelling was a fair sample of the Queers' highway to that important town, and if so, whether he' would mind letting the Insurance people, know that I left everything to toy aged" parents, and direct $ them to send up aipfl-sized coffin byn^xt post. He told' me 1 had come out of nijvroad, and said I was ^omixigfK'it', Georgetown. I should not have" been at alj surprised if he bad told sue.that I had Loome-from the. moon, I might have-been exploring'the interior of the continent for aught I knew to the reverse, therefore'I received, his" information. calmly., Thin indifference,'together with the>startling appearance^'of theliarneps,- "which..was' mended.with brakes and peckethandkerchiefs, seemed to give him the impression that either I was'a suspicious jehaiacter" or an idiot' of the first water. He, however, condescended to ,tell me that the track', was "straight, on—Ij couldn't miss it." I got . up dejectedly and. started once -more, and. travelled wparily for-another hour,"when both horses stopped. (Than it was that the inborn vilJany. of that gentle white horse , showed itself.. It was' a t}rute of the deepest dye.' I gotjdo^wii and spoke to it .in tie sweetest manner,-'endeavouring to coax it on. ITo^use. Then, sad to rotate, I at in French, German, and English till'l had used all the known expletives, and -was reeking •with perspiration and profanity. No use. Then 1 wore t out both the toes of my 30s.-Balmorals by . kicking the most sensitive parts of his «arca£e. Mo use; he ticked me baok, and proved himself fully my equal in this invigo- •atang exercise. He would -have bitten me too if h^ ' could; I saw it in his eye; and all the while looking as gentle and amiable as a Mpfc&g-pig.; * I. at .last by -superhuman efforts induced him to. move. The rest,x)f the journey IwiUnot inflict, upon the reader; but. it is a fact that fiend of a hoqee would not ^tir.out of K a walk f^r the tfiqalnder of the distance—sojne miles— liut:(!rcds they seemed to me. 1 rencbed Georgetown in ths middle of. the ni^ht. He good-natured host of the fflie inn got up nr.d gave me brandy, which.my soul loveth— and I needed it. :I consider a mail .who will leave his warm bed like that is on the straight tiack to Hcav»n. Perhaps he thought)he was enterfaining an angel unawares; perhaps he was —but I don't think BO. Georgetown in the abstract is a wretched place—it is guiltless of anything like useless ornament.' No trees grow there—they knot* bettor. The country is so. dead flat that when sweethearts go for a walk—which, they do there just like other places—the people can watch them whichever way they go for a clear five mDe& It is a remarkable township, and that's all you oan say for it—you never pant 'to see another remarkable township like it. Jn summer it is—well say—very hot, and you fiwallow the dust in slices.* In winter your boots jaave a small farm attached to eacfa. The'-people tc tl eir wildest moments never dream'of sweepiag tte houses;they usually clean them out with • i % and shoveL Georgetown is oelebrated for c-aa, They are oertunly very fine fleas, spleodidly developed. Georgetown is the heme the flea. There yott-may see him in his native magnificence. It is said there that they actually pulled a shearer out of bed one night this summer, but I hardly believe that. There are few of the blessings of civilization there. The only one I saw was the publichouse—that is always crowded. I would willingly swop my chance for a certain English title for a share in that public-house. There is no Protestant Church there at present. They have not a circulating library or any other library; if there was one ne one would use it. They have one priceless blessing—they have no tea meetings or amateur concerts, and the consequence is that at present they are happy and contented. They are jolly people and kind to strangers, but a little of Georgetown goes a long way, and I bade it a tender farewell with great pleasure. Yes, the scalding tears I shed were soon dried on leaving the metropolis of the areas. ' 