, — I PRISONERS AND POPERY. The return which Mr. Parkesgaveinanswer to the question of Mr. AA'ebb respecting the religions of all prisoners in the colony on the 1st January, 1874, deserves the con sideration of the public, as casting a little light upon the cost of popeiy. The figures are these : — Mr. AA'cbb asked the Colonial Secretary, — "I. What number of sentenced prisoners were there in the gaols and penal establishments of this colony on the 1st of January, 1S74 ? '2. How many of such prisoners professed to belong to the Church of England, Eonian Catholic, Presbyterian, Wcrleyaii Methodist, Indepen dent, and Baptist churches respectively. Mr. Parkes said the number of sentenced prisoners on the first of January last was 1183. Of these 522 entered themselves as belonging to the Church of England, 542 entered themselves !is Roman Catholic.s, 5(5 as Presbyterians, 14 Wesleyan Methodists, 2 Independents, and 4 Baptists. That left a balance of 43, who were represented to have consisted of Hebrews, (Juakers, Lutherans, and Pagans. There were 45 prisoners in the jjolice gaols whose religious profession could not be ascertained. Now, here we have the statement made, uijon the highest authority, that the half of our prisoners are Romanists. The enormous expense which annually falls upon the sober and industrious of the colony is a charge which Popery is liable for to the extent of one half. The Roman ists boast of being one-third of the com munity. On this ground they demand rights which are certainly questionable ; but here, instead of produeing one-third of the crime of the colony, they produce one-half, and of course the expense is cast upon others. In other words, the papists do not pay for their prisoners. If, as tax producers, they contribute equally with others, that is, in proportion, their money is only a third for the gaol and police expenses of the colony; but here it is shown us that their criminals number one- half ; and who, pray, pays for the differ- exxce, to keep Papists under the law, and no make them peaceable subjects ? AVhy the Pi'otestants ! This connection between Popery and crime is everywhere the same. Our Sydney Freeman, conscious of this, always attempts some kind of palliative. He knows how the figures will strike the general public. He knows that those figures do not look well for the Church. Hence he is thrown upon his resources of special jdeading, and he tries his hand in this fashion : — " If the Irish are rowdy, the English and Scotch are greedy. AVe would rather have ten drunkards than one forger ! " The meaning of which is, that the " Irish are rowdy drunkards — their offences are only trivial — and they get into gaol often; but they are not at all such bad feUows as the greedy and forging English and Scotch. And besides, if all the Catholics were only Irish born, 0 ! what models of virtue and innocence they would be ; but as the one-half of them are only of Irish parents, but Australian born, it is not possible for Popery to guarantee their purity" ! Mr. AATebb must be much convinced by such special pleading, and, as satisfied that Popery is a wondrously good religion, he must regi'et that he ever "soiled his clean hands with criminal statistics." Another of FreemaiUs favourite lines of special pleading, to cover the patent fact that Popery and crime have a peculiar ielationship to one another, is to quote bcotland, and compare it with Ireland, fhe facts, however, are wholly against him, when they are propexdy considered ; bxxt no doubt he will reply, " so much the worse for the facts." Take Glasgow, for example, which is always referred to as a foil for Ireland, because the criminal sta tistics of that city arc highei than those of Coi'k or Dxiblin. AA'ell, Freeumn, in the very same issue, forgetting what lie publishes in another page, tells with great glee how the Irish are crowding into Scot land. "In Scotland," he .says, "there are" half a million of Irish ! " He shows that in Glasgow alone there are two- fifths of the population Irishmen ! Here is a revelation of the whole case. Nearly half of the people in Glasgow are Irish ! They are the poorest and most ignorant of the people. They swarm together like swine in the lower parts of the city Their " quarters " are the nests of all sorts of squalor, disease, poverty, filth, and crime. It is dangerous to go through their quar- tei's at night. They aio notorious rowdy drunkai'ds, on FreemarSs own showing. It is plain, therefore, how the statistics of crime come about. It is plain how Popery is spreading in Scotland. But is not the pi'oof a demonstration that Popery and crime go together in Scotland, and in Glasgow, just as we see them in constant embrace here. The truth of the matter is, the fact can not be otherwise. In accordance vith the nature of things, and according to universal history, it is clear that superstition, priest- cx-aft, ignorance, and crime are of oixe family. The authority of Popeiy jiroduces a craven and dependent people. The obedience of Popery is essentially the submission of slaves. The confessional of Popery is a sink of iniquity, where immorality is be gotten, and where afterwards it is some times so effectually concealed that not even the law and the police can get at it. The piide and grandeur of the priesthood, together with the holidays locuiiing for the worship of the saints, so impoverish the people that the producers seem only to support the non-producers, and the latter multiply so fast and devour so gluttonously that Papal countries are eaten up with swarms of creatures of a useless kind, as a country which is devoured with locusts. The Avhole world, and Italy notoriously, is a proof that it is as natural for Pojiery to produce squalor, poverty, immorality, and ignorance as it is for a blue-bottle fly to produce maggots. Our colony would have a pretty smart experience of the cost of Popery, if it would only look the facts in the face. In evexy chaxitable asylum Papists are found far beyond their px-oportion of the jieople in the colony. In evexy benevolent insti tution in the colony the same thing is seen. Popery makes more orphans than any other religion. Popery has more lying-in women at the public expense than it ought to have according to tlie number of its people. In the gaols Popery has more prisoners than the other religions. And when it is appealed to give contribu tions for the sujiport of the poor, it does not give a tenth of the amount that ought to be given by it I Yet, while Popery thus casts it poor, its orphans, its beggars," its xxnfortunate Avomen, and its 2ii'isoners upon the Protestants for the principal part of their support, behold, there is no man in the city who wears a ring and a gold chain so costly as its chief priest; no one rides finer horses than tho.se which the jxriests can sport; no one looks so rubicund in his chariot as the Archbishop does, and .£100,000 is not too lai'ge a sum for a cathedral in Avhich Popeiy may dis- iday it divine and sacred grandeur. It was horrible imposture. Dr. Vaughan last week attended at St. Patrick's Church for the purpose of confirming 250 children. The girls were dres.sed in white with veils and sashes, and marched in procession to church to meet " his Grace," the bigger ones carrying banners. When his Grace got them before him in the church he preached a " beautiful discourse" to them, telling them that thgr Avere about to have " great gx'ace from God bestowed upon them. Tlmj w&re; about to be endowed toilh the Ilolvi Ghost, which would fortify them and mate them true Christians and soldiers of Jesus Christ. The cross Avliich he avouH make with the holy chrism on their foreieads — the foremost and principal j)a/rt f their body — he likened to the banner of a soldier ; it Avas to be a banner to tiem, to urge them on in the good fight." The poor little children ! What lies to tell them I What cruel deceit to impse on their child-like confidence ! It vas . a shocking mockery, Avhich Avas crowxed by the Archbishop telling the poor 1 little things, as something divine and iinex- jiressibly precious, that he Avould Jiflnself celebrate a special mass for them th next moxTxing 1 What vast favour that this man of " old family " and having "a|ms," Avoukl himself offer up Jesus Christ next day for them ! Our Protestant j)oe|)le in Sydney, Avho love to Ka'c in anatmospiici ' of peace, Avill either not believe th;:;! mk-Ii pious frauds are perpetrated in S3'chf'.\ . oi- Avill 2>ut off the solemn blasphemy ing, "these people believe these I'b figs." Yes, but consicler what falsehood iunl irreligioii are here. Here are 250 of tlu- : children of our city sealed over to iVilse- hood and fraud at our a'eiy door, iimJ no ; man, no Protestant, cares for it ! i i/n e. i the little ones are told that thev lian e, i received the Holy Ghost, and tlnrr. iios\' they are true Christians and solclioi x oi Jesus Christ, .and no one says " shame ' : on the iiriest who sor cruelly deceives cliem. The cool blasphemy makes one slnidder that Dr. Vaughan, by his holy oil, and by his making across on the "mostproriiineni, and principal 2iart of the body," csm give the Holy (jJ-host and make them Chxasv.ian.s. Alas for the "Christians" Avhoare.sq made by falsehood. UsuALLV parents bury their child re ii Avith regret. But it appears that Popisii fanaticism can conquer even the feelinos of nature. Mr. W. A. Duncan, our Col lector of Customs, is an illustration of rliis, unnatural and irrational heroism. lie buried alive a daughter of his last Avcek : and that he might shoAV hoAV glad he wn.s in the doing of the deed he actually dined and feasted over the e\mnt ! His daughter he gave to the iiriests to cover AX'itli a " black veil " that henceforth she may be considered as actually dead to all nal;iir:i.i affection and to all citizen claims — to burv- herself alive in a cell for the glory oi Cod and the good of the church ! We utimiy deny that the Romish Church has imy right thus to lock up and bury alive aiiy citizen. We deny the right of the raiiber to be a party to the deed. And Ave den y that even the girl herself has a righi;. i,o enter into a voav by Avhich the State is deprived of her services. The State waurx her. No doubt, every person is at libei by to abstain from marriage, live alone in u room, and pray from morning to nigiit, Avithout working at anything, and Avithonc recognizing father or mother. Bm. if lunacy like this be alloAved to all who vJ//, be lunatics, Ave deny that it is laAvfiil for persons to enter into a conspiracy thus bo Avithdraw others from the services of iiiie State, and to bind one another Avith soleimi oath.s, uj)on jiain of damnation, neve?; to acknowledge either State or Queen, neikiiei- world nor life, beyond the Avill of priestly superiors. The authorities ought tojuifc such a consjiiracy doAvn. On the gx- ouod of morality— on the ground of liberty - on the ground of cruelty to animals — on. tlie ground of kindness to lunatics — Ave appeal to the Government and the Parliament, to interfere in putting a stop to this ioo.st Avicked transaction, over Avhich piiesbs and women have feasted and drunk wine ! It is utterly shocking that one of the J udges of the land Avas a Avitness to this living burial, and gave it the iiractieai sanction of British laAv and justice ! The violence of the Papists in Queen.s- land has obtained the sympathy :,<.ad approval of our Sydney Papists. Through their " religious organ," they have jubilated over the fact that' Bishop Quiuu is above the lata, and far more jioAverful. in SAvaying the brutal passions of his .people than either laAv or judges or courts- oj gaols. They have cast all the blame of the riot on the Rev. Mr. Porteous, as rhe cause of the disquiet. And they have sent their comjiliments to their rioting brothers at Ipswich as " beloved fellov " helfiers," ever ready to vindicate tliechur. ;li, and to ujihold true religion Avith sticks or stones or even kerosene lamps ! Listen, m what Freeman says on the subject : — "jV( r. Porteous took it into his head to lectu i.-e on a subject most irritatimj to unrefleetiny Catholics, at a jilace Avhere Catholic.s fn-e very numerous." Well, one Avould imaghift that if sacraments and denominationvd education did any good, the Cathoj.(c-s Avould have the poAver of "reflecting," and that the place Avhere they do congre gate most Avouldbe amodel of every citizen virtue. But no— just the opposite. Tlien Freeman says. There Avas " no excuse foi.' a Christian minister creating a rosv - " offering remarks so offensive and insi ik ing to a jDortion of his auclience " — making a " challenge to lioting !" The sacraments and grace and denominational educa.tion of Romanists ..-xpxist be very valuable indeed, and worUiy of public sujxport, Avhen such reasoning as this is the outcome of all. The IpsAvich Pajiists paid shilling to go to a lecture on an irritating subject, and this gave them the liberty to resort to violence and threaten the life of the lecturer ; and the row resulting was not theirs but the lectux'erV; 1 Then again, " It is perfectly certain that the roAv Avould not have taken place if Mr, wiMiwiii .iiwM p.ji.. Porteous hadnot chosen a controversial sub ject, anil if he had not given it in a place wiiere the Catholics in numbers, as he knew that the subject Avould avouikI the I'eelings of Catholics ; and the very factx that Jlr. Porteous is an Orangeman made the I'ow doubly sure !" Of coui'se, /"there j were no Protestants — if there wore no Orangemen — if there Avere no Luthcrs — if :. I'hex'e Avere no Porteouses — if there Avere no liberty — of course, there Avould be no rows ! And again, if Paiists Avere feAv — if in any jilace their numbers did nob embolden them and strengthen then |)a.ssions — there would never he a roAv, for Protestant ma.jorities Avould ahvays allow i?apists and their priests to lecture on any thing whatever ! Again, Freeman says, in i iiddition, that just as at an " Irisli fair" Paddj rejoices on the occasion of some one "trailing his coat tail" in the mud and ' ehallenging anyone to tread on it, Mr. Porteous's " Luther " Avas a coat tail, and -Paddy took the challenge ; and hence it I was all Mr. Porteous's oavix doing that the I'ow arose ! Poor Avrctches. The Irish rioters and blood suckers are much to be : pitied, since this is the sorb of training j a lid guiding Avhich they get. When their I leaders thus talk sedition, and show i .sympathy Avith cx-ime, Avhat is to be ex- i pected from the apt scholars? As this is a 1 specimen of denominational education — as I this shoAvs us Avhat lessons in inox-ality and : liberty Pojxish clxildx-en get in priest's : .schools — the demonstx-ation is complete ' that if these colonies Avish to elevate their : jieoxle and make their people one — the Public School alone must be established. "I.Tie Rev. Mx\ Macax'thur has " a dead : fiy " in his ointment. When he Avrites he : nal ks, and as he talks he mixes up the ; most odd things in a vexy curious Avay. Poi." example, he seems all very clear when j he is replying to Mr. Wilson and shoAving I Ixis friend that the Public School system ; i.s the one Avhich ought to be ujoheld at the , public expense. He seems quite endoAved , with " common sense " Avhen he shoAvs that the opposition of the clei'gy of the i Glxuroli of England to the Public Schools ! has arisen, not from the imjjossibility of i their, giving their children some special I religious instruction, but from their resolve not to countenance such godless institutions as Public Schools. He j seems quite unansAverable, too, Avhen ; he shoAvs Iioav the diff'erent denomi- j nations maj"- accommodate each other ; in arranging time so that each shall i be 'able to give its OAvn children that i .special instruction Avithout interference, ! and without deteriorating the Avork of the I school. But Avhen he jiroceeds to illustrate 1 his " practical common sense" in the way I in Avhich " he and a Roman Catholic ; pdest used to act Avith the children of a i regimental school," he spoils the Avhole j dish, just as when the most fragrant oint- I meat is turned to worthlessness by the j dead fiy which has fallen into it. Let us : give Mr. Macarthur's own Avords : — I : Nvas for several years in the iiastoral charge oi a regimental school, Avhere all the chU- dven Avere educated together, and, at certain times, they received special religious teaching from myself and the Roman. Catholic priest ; no children Avere happier together, or more indisposed to quarrel ; over their religious differences. HoAvever, probably, neither the Roman Catholic priest nor I understood that peculiar phase of modern Christianity which trains its adherents to ciltivate a spirit of ' loar to the hiife,' and ' no surrender.' We endeavoured to teach those children, not to undervalue their differences, but to agree to differ ; and we always aimed to instil into them the persuasion that, when differ ences of opinion arose, they should ahvays be used as occasions for the e.vercise and practice of brotherly love." Now, of course, the aim of Mr. Macarthur in this extract Is very plain, but its sjiirit is as bad as its reasoning is paltry. Mr. Macarthur does not like "no siurender" in religion, although he quite ajiproves of it in educa tion. lie knows that Mr. Wilson holds the j.-overse ; quite so ; this is the Avhole secret of the practical illustration of " common .sense " being given ; but Mr. Wilson Avill be able easily to say, Avithout touching the argument about Public Schools, that a more lamentable instance of practical common sense could scarcely have been, given ! (1) He says that the " no sur render " jihase of Christianity " trains its adherents to cultivate a spirit of war to the knife." But this is justsimply aslander, a.u.d one Avhich Mr. Macarthur cannot 3rove. (2) Mr. Macai-thur says that he and the jiriest "made the children quite liappy and quite indisposed to quarrel over their religious differences." But it is never necessary at any time to qvmrel over i-eligioas differences ; the late Ipswich affair proves Avhere all <ivmnllmg comes from. (3) Mr. Macarthur prides himself vpon the lessons which he and the priest used to give the children, " not to under value their differences, but to agree to differ." They must have been very wise children and very learned too, far Aviser and more learned tlian their teachers; for neither Mr. Macarthur nor the priest holds or piuctises any such doctrine. (4) The soundness of the children in the faith must have been very singular, when, under the teaching of Mr. Macarthur and the priest, they came to know that their differences ivere only matter's of opiniov ! And (5) Avho could doubt tjie perfect happiness of the children, since, when diferences of opinion, notwithstanding the effective teaching aforesaid, did arise among them, they always used those "differences as occasions for the exercise and practice of brotherly love !" This twaddle is surely A'ery amusing as coming from one who is illustrating the power and I'ulue of the" non no-surrender " training, and who is showing how strong he is in Javour of Public Schools ! It was Mr. Macarthur's desire to have a thi-ust at Mr. Wilson's " no surrender" principles which tempted him to go out of his way to make a ibol of himself. He ought to know war fare better than to get up side fights. Mr. Wilson will have a good laugh over his weakness, and spare his rod since he sees tltat Mr. Macarthur is afiiicted with fear — " I am afraid that our ideas of this kind of Christianity are becoming old fashioned and out of date," If they were ever tVt ulate and new fashioned they never deserved to be, for they have as little to do with " Christianity " as they have to do with Parramatta regiments. " Special religious instruction" must be something peculiar which illusti-ates and embodies the above oxtract. And the teacher must be very unfit for his work who sets out with a <letermination to misrepresent those who differ from him, and then to tell the chil- -di-en to agree to differ, and to show their opponents brothei'ly love ! — a— rniMi — at MiMB—m Tnn Goveknmknt Defeated.— On Wednes day night the Government met Avith a defeat on the "Gardiner question," Avliich Avas deemed so nerious that Mr. Parkes immediately adjourned the House. We don't believe it Avill come to a crisis ; but both the Governor and the Govern- mcnt have been severely censured, as they deserved to he. CoBBEll'V AND OaM)J'LV PkOTESTANTISM. — We hope Bishop Barker will see how his 'shoulder to shoulder policy" Avith Di-. Vaughan looks Avhen it is practised by his better class people in the Camden district. The Macarthnrs, the Chisholms, the Jenkinses, and the OnsloAvs iu-e lijie Church of Eugland Protestants ! But if their OAvn Bishop stands "shoulder to shoul der" Avith the Coadjutor in the " battle of the schools," Avhy should not these " leading Pro- -testants " stand shoulder to shoulder Avith him iiA the "battle of the CliAirehes?" It looked the very picture of ' ' cliarity " and peace to see these gentlemen toadying to the Popish chief, who had been giving the Hoi' Ghost to the children. of Camden, and prejvching that the only Churcli of Christ on earth is the Ilomish 4'lhurch 1 East and West Sa-dkev. — The Electoral 3?ill now before the House intends to keep East and West Sydney upon the old scale of repre sentation — four members to each. Mr. J. liohertsou and others endeavoured to secure six members for each, and Mr. Nelson and others wrcre content to give five ; hut both proposals were rejected, and the clause has passed Avhich keeps things .as they are. I'his we think is an ujjustice Avhich the people of Sydney cannot very Avell be grateful to the Government for. As the members in the House arc to be increased Jrom 72 to about 100, Sydney with its eight will haA'e less power in the House than it had l>efore. The Divouge Couet. — Last Avoek three cases were set doAvn for decision in this court. One was postponed, one aa'as tlismissed as not proved, although the hardship and suiiering shoAvn Avere very manifest, and one was siAccessfnl, Avhich -jrevealed an amount of brntalitj' on the j)art of tlie husband which was scarcely credible. If any one had doubts about the propriety of the Divorce Court and the necessity of a law at once -Scriptural and reasonable, those doubts ought HOW to be tlioroughly removed. That persons should be held to be married, and hound together in holy bonds, and said to be one as God had Joined them, Avhen husband or Avife is deep in the mire of depraAnty and baseness, is folly too . great to be tolerated for a moment. As the DiA'orce Conrt is conducted, and as the judge presides with dignity and honor, inany poor tin- &appy; women and men aa'tII receive the privilege wJuch the Bible bestoAvs upon thc.ui, and society will he the better for the purification, '.Kea'uoium.' Peccatokiim. — It used to he thought and said that Galifoi'nia Avas the refuge ni the wicked. Every escaped convict— every Iwlting bankmpt, every swindler Avlio had made :a haul, and every broken doAim cadger who had -exhausted his wits in the colony to get a living, <used to set off for California jis his onl' hojm. jllhus Galiforriiii became synonymous Avith "the ivmnium gathmmm " of all sorts of sinners. But now tilings are to be changed. The State of 'California has arisen and intends to assert its -iisgnity. Seeing that it has aoquired a bad 'haiacter, it has resolved to seek a good one. .And accordingly it has given ncHcc to all these cnlonios that if any a'agabond, scoundrel, bad -Huui or bad Avomaii come to it from any one of ihcra, it Aidll send him or her back, or 'take bond of the ship and master for all expenses Avhich nay be incurred Avithin tAA-o years in consequence 'the landing of such bad people. The United jiKtates' Ctmsiff in every colony will now have liis eye upon every ship and steamer sailing for that port, and if a passenger be known to be bad, Avoe awaits him at the end of his journey. The Budget of Mr. Luoyd. — Our Treasurer is a happy mau. Never any of his predecessors was so happy as he. Money comes in upon him like a flood. His boxes are all full. He scarcely knoAvs Avhat to do with the plenty. Every member of the House Avho wan'ts a bridge, or a road, or a raihvay is thus told to behave himself and live in hope ; for, as the funds are lioAving, and the prospect is glorious, Avill not the mem- hers see how prudent and wise it is for them to he on the winning side ? Mr. Lloyd is a happy Treasurer ; for all this money has been coming in upon him Avithout any exertion of his OAvn. He has been reaping Avhere he did not soav. Other Treasurers laboured, and he has entered into their labours. We do not care about his feelings ; aa'hat rejoices us most is the evidence that the country is everyAvhere in a comparative state of peace and xn-osperity. The Street Hadeanth. — We are glad to notice that some Aldermen have come to think as Ave have always thought about the hydrants as now used — that they injure the streets more thau any good they do in laying the dust. The force with which the water is squirted in one direction would he excellent if the object Avere to extinguish a fire ; hut as the object is to lay the dust, the force with Avhich the column of water strikes the ground simply loosens the soil to make more dust as soon as the Avater runs off aud evfiporates. We suggest, as an improve ment, that a " rose " he fastened at the end of the hydrant, and that the end he crooked in the form of an L. If the leather hose be lengthened, this will enable the man to go further, and dellA'cr the Avater oA'er the same ground as a ' ' sho-wer of rain. ' ' The Steam Eoller, "Minnie Day." — There is no doubt that the neAV steam roller is capable of very much improAung our streets by making them firm and smooth. But the Corporation, before finally forming, metalling and xjressing a street, should give the inhabitants and the Gas Company notice that unless they lay what pipes may be wanted Avithin a certain time, they shall not he permitted to open the street for a certain time, say six months, from the time of the rolling taking place. This Avould be a great im provement upon the xn'csent plan, save money, aud preserve the streets from the everlasting nuisance of their being broken up. Mail Service a"ia Californta. — It appears that the A.S.N. Company have broken on from negotiations respecting temporary mail ser\\-ice for the Government from and after 1st January, 187b. What the reason is has not transpired ; but it is said that a private firm Avillbe prepared to take the service in hand. It Avill be a thousand pities if there Ije fresh bungling. All that has happened might have been foreseen, Avith H. H. Hall at the head of affairs. What the end Avill be, AA'hon the sureties are x>ressed, Ave do not know ; hut Ave fear that the XJenalties Avill bring as little as the bond. It is said that the aa'ealth and standing of the sureties have been overstated. To make the best of a bad bargain the best way is to begin de novo and make the second better than 'the fii'st, as it is quite certain tliat a good, speedy, and com modious line via America Avill be the>favourite one, aud remunerate Avell .the Company ' aa'ho may conduct it. If a Colonial Comx)auy,'so much the better. A Neav aeguarext for tue.Schdol League. — The Ilomish correspondent of the Freeman, very uuAvittinglj'-, no doubt, sends Avord to his paper, that at Nerrigundah "there are tAVO schools, one Eoman Catholic and one Public, the average attendance at each is harely vp to the required number." All the; other sects are con- teut Avitli the Public School; but the Eomisli sect must have a school of its oaaui ; and here is a Romish correspondent's confession that the attendance at it is barely ux) the required num ber, viz. , 30 ! AVhat ' can be xflaiuer as a xn'oof of the Avaste of the priblie money than thisV Does the Council of Education know of this case? or is " Denominatioualisn liberally admi nistered " in favoured Nerrigundah ? If the public would open its eyes, it Avould see that all over the colony Romish schools are an impos ture, and the delusion is kex)t np merely for sectarian purposes. In Nerrigundah the Public School is barely up to the mark in numbers attending; yet the Public 'School master is starved that: a languishing Romish school may be kept ox)eu to compote Avitli it. Mr. Cooeer and ms H.'VK, sard. — It is sup- Xiosed that as Mr. Cooper has failed to inqn-css the House Avith his honesty and disinterested ness in adA'ocating the establishment of a " Hansard,'' the lipu, nriember at the next elec tion Avill'go to East Ma,cquarie for the xmrxjose of free .selecting. It is' well' known that ho has invented a iicAV "bullet mpiild ;" .and'as'heis a cooper by profession and name, it is'nnderstood that he has invented a '' ?liarn()ss:cask''. aa'liioh Avill defy competition !, . The ; Hansard \vould haAm done very Avell at £500 per annum. The speeches of Mr. .Forster lie" Aimuld' haA'e eoh- sidered worth reporting ; but as this ' iS' now hoxieless, it is thought; that free selecting aa'ill do better. With ,a patent bullet- mould : and an invisible harness cask, .it is clear tliat incredible results may be anticipated h' tlie'liori. "inembGr. Mr. Kreefi' and tjie Museum trus'reks.- The decision of the court iii this case has jgiven Mr. Krefft a yictorj'. Avhich. ai'ill, be rather serious iii its charges iipoh Mr. Hill aiid .others. It is a legal pdiiit Ai'liich has been decidcdi aud trustees ought to know their legal poAA'ci-k ' -Tlio evidence AvJiich has been published shoAVS that there has hoeii a strange- state of things for a long time, and, -vhichever side be telling the truth, the state of things lias been disgraceful. That one of our public institutions 'of so much value to the colony, and involving the expenditure of so much money, should have been so mis- mauaged, and that the trustees should find' themselves, by their xrocedure iii such a depth of legal exjiense, is-briefiy discreditable to all parties, and shoAVS that 'Govermiient interfer ence should have been e.xereised long ago. Mr. Sheridan Moore.— This gentleman is in fresh trouble. He is a teacher, a xioet, an author, and an Ereniiig /"(W. ;" but no inattei', lie is familiar Avith trouble. -He" is an IvisUin.m, and, of course, this accounts for the Irish bull Avhich pleases him so Avoll— " I am iii peace AA'lien I am in trouble-." Some neigh liour of his had been trouiiliiig Iiim .and calling hiiii. bad names, and imxiuting had things to liini. Mr. Moore. has sought the xirotection of the Court; and, after an exposure of things which would have been quite as well hidden from the public, he gets a verdict for one farthing. Wounded feriings and defamed reputation aa'ill not be comforted by such, a solatium as this. Very Excellent Logic for Freem.vn. — Speaking of the spotless condition of Ireland as a place Avhere crime is scarcely known, and Avhere peace lias an unbroken reign, our Sydney Freeman proceeds aa'ith his argument in this way : — "In Cork, Mayo, Galway, Wexford, and WickloAV_ there is very little crime, and what there is is not more aAvful than that of a little girl stealing a napkin. There is more crime in one county in England than in the whole of the Leinister circuit. Nobod;' ever shoots anybody from behind a fence. Nobodj' ever tumbles down a landlord. Nobody e\'er touches any body ; and every body is more observant of the law than anybody. Yet this is the country where the Habeas Corpus Act is suspended. This is the country where the Coercion Act exists !" Poor Freeman does not see that he puts the cfect before the cause; the Coercion Act is very good Ireland — A-ery good indeed. The precocity of our Australian youth is proverbial ; hut I doubt whether history would furnish us Avith anything, on their part to equal the following The Mirror tells the following story about the Archbishoxi of York and a smart little Yorkshire urchin. His grace dis tributed the prizes at a Leeds ragged school, and subsequently, Avhen riding in the vicinity he came across a youngster collecting road dirt Avhom ho thought he recognised. Thereupon the folloAA'ing conversation ensued : — " Arch bishop ! ' Boy, I knoAV your face ; you were at the Leeds Ragged School, and obtained a prize for drawing ?' — Urchin: 'Y'a, mon, I were.' — Archbishop : ' I hope yon still keex> up your studies in that .art?' — Urchin : '"Nr'a, mon, I do — look you yeere (pointing to a model made of the material he was collecting). — Archbishop (Avith astonishment) : ' IVhat do you call that ?' — Urchin : ' Ah, mon, that's a model of a church : and them's the pews, and there's the a'estry — and that's the poolpit."' — Archbishop (smiling) : ' \'ery clever, I dedare ; but Avhere is the xiiirson — Urchin : f A'ye, mon, it takes a deal o' muck to make a xia'son. ' " His grace rode on. 