DUKE OF. EDINBURGH'S . MiARRIAGE. The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Marie commenced at noon on the 23rd January, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the surrounding gallaries. The ladies were sumptuously attired; the prevailing costurnms, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatist. After assembling, a pro cession was formed with the grand equerries, chamberlains, and other otlicers of the Court. Leading them came the Emperor and Empress Im perial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian and naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimtmed with ermine, and she wore a diamonnd coronet. Iler train wLs borne by four pages. Then followed an immense pro cession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court ollicials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the unio form of Uuirassiers, the Prince of \Vales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian colonel. All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of \Vales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, andl pearl neckl?ce; the Imperial German l'rincess was dressed in the same style ; the Rlussian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsminen. All woro silver wedding favors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian cl.nrch, was receiveot by the mctropolitan: head of the Russian Church of tile Poly Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with hqly water. 'lhoe E;leror conducted the bride and bridegroom to the gmiddle of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress itncediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings borne on golden salvers were deposited on the altar tempora rily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnifi cent chapel was illnminared with innumerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, crim son, and gohl carpet ; the pillars and. altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was uniqeo in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair, Prince Arthur hldi~ng the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said : "I Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this hand maiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becom ing tired of holding the heavy crown was.relieved. Then the Epistle to the Epbesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses were read. After the reading was concluded the marriage of Cana of Galilee was read. The crowns were re moved, and the married couple walked thrice round the raised dais, .holding to the tij of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacra mental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor'presonting the -cross, uhich both kissed. . Afterward the choir sang "Glory to Thee, O Lord I" concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with -battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnisation of the Greek church service, were a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who appeared - on the altar wearing an Episcopal 'surplice 'with a jewelled collar of the order of Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English consuls 'were gathered on the left of the altar. Con spicuous among thens was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftnc, the English Minister, and Dip lomatic officials. Many English officers in full costume were also present. Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gortshakoff, surrounded by lead ing members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage pro. cession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bride. groom. Prince Arthur walked behind. 'hoe beautful Anglican wedding service was then impre.aively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form en Joined in the book of Common lrayer. lhe delivery of the final benediction, " G-nd the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost bless, preserve and help you," was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratu lated the newly- married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair faced: the bridegroom grave self-possessed. The Princess of WVales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy-the imaoe of her mother, Qaeen. Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, atti both loukel welt.. During the ceremony in the English chapel the Emlpress of iRusia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome, and male a motion of holding a handerchief to hier eyes, when the married couple sainted her. The cere. mony beingeconcluded, thecrowd dispersed. There was a limited display of popular enthuiisnst. Ani illumination of the public squares took place. and the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The scente formed an extraordinary combina tion of ceremony, wealth, pimp. and splendor. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, andll subse quently a aill at the gorgeous hall. At the clo?e of the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accomnpantied by the Emtperor anid tihe officers of the Court. Tile festivities were contiuued, after tte retirement of the happy couple the Emperor being present. 