THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of this body were com- menced on Tuesday, September 22, at the Lecture Hall attached to the Flinders street Church. There was a large attendance, includ- ing, in addition to a number of ministers of the Baptist denomination, the Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A. and J. Jefferis, LL.B., Congregationalists. At the opening of the proceedings the Rev. J. Price, of Moonta, the Chairman for the past year, presided. After devotional exercises, he referred to the advantage of having as their Chairman a minister residing near Adelaide, and mentioned that his successor had before filled the office. He then introduced the Rev. H. J. Lambert, of Norwood, as the Chairman elect. Mr. Lambert said — I can scarcely take posses- sion of this honourable charge without expressing the deep sense I feel of the kindness and confi- dence which my brethren have expressed in me in electing me to this position, and my earnest hope and trust is that by God's help I may be able to occupy the position — representing so many earnest hearts throughout the land— with becoming Christian dignity, and to the honour of the Master whom we all love to serve. A hymn having been sung, Mr. Lambert continued — The subject upon which I have to address you is : — (Applause). ' THE METHOD OF CHRISTIAN REVIVALS. "Dear Brethren — Christian Revivals— their philosophy, their need, their recurrence, their dangers, and their blessedness— constitute, at the present time, the subject of deepest thought and enquiry among God's people almost every where ; their discussion, therefore, in this address will be considered appropriate, and we believe will interest all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. I have not selected my subject— 'The Method of Christian Revivals'— with any thought of presenting what is novel, but simply and earnestly to remind the brethren that our 'God is waiting to be gracious,' and that if the Churches really desire and seek true revival the blessing will be realized. With the sincere prayer that God will direct us, and own our words for good, we enter upon our task. ' We would not presume to judge the spiritual condition of any section of the Church of our Lord; but generally throughout the world does she not appear to be more or less tainted with idolatry and corruption — to be cold with scepticism, frigid with old creeds and tradi- tions, torn with envy and jealous rivalries, or paralyzed with the voluptuousness of ritualism, with mammon-worship, and a spirit of fashion- able worldliness? And does she not thus present a very different aspect from that which characterized her when, fresh with Pentecostal fulness of life, she first met the world; perfect not so much in doctrine, or sacraments, or communion, as perfect in her devotedness to the Master, in her continual prayers, and in her bold faithful witness for the truth as it is in Jesus ? In those days thousands were converted under one sermon, all remaining steadfast in the Apostles' doctrine, and zealously active. Now, with her great efforts and elaborate ser- vices, the Church scarcely does more than hold her own in proportion to the world's popu- lation. 'Throughout her history, however, the Church has enjoyed many seasons of sweet refreshing — times of true revival, when her spiritual vision and affections have been re- enkindled; and in the light which has come freshly from her Lord she has experienced renewed strength and joy. Christ has never forsaken His people, and all the powers of His pre- sence and might lie about us to-day no less than they did in apostolic times. Bearing in mind the fulness of Divine Grace, which Christ has placed within His people's reach, of which, if we 'ask,' we 'shall receive;' and remembering the wonderful success of the Church in times of true revival, we all must feel, if it be possible for us to receive renewed consecration and power,then from this time we will not cease to cry, 'Wilt Thou not revive us again, that Thy people may rejoice in Thee? ' For many months past we have been cheered with good news from home. Whole communities, especially in Scotland, have been strangely moved by a power we believe to be Divine. Marvels of spiritual awakening have been wrought, at which art, science, and philosophy upon their seats of learning stare with wonder. Calm and keenly-observant men— e.g., Professor Charteris, Drs. Blackie, and Bonar, and Cairns, and Thomson, and Pulsford— men representing various schools of thought — are all agreed, with devout and thankful hearts, in ascribing these great spiritual result to God. And it is impos- sible for us not to feel interested. We pray for like blessings. But while God's breath is thus moving among His people, and in many parts the Church is receiving fresh impulses and direction for good, it becomes us to do more than feel an interest — we should act for ourselves; we should watch and pray, and so spread our sails that, like the skilled mariner, we may catch the gracious breeze, and be carried forward to better and brighter experiences of Christian life. ' We would clearly distinguish between revival and revivalism. With revivalism we have no sympathy whatever. Too often it resorts to novel and very questionable means of mere excitement, such as extravagant and coarse addresses, impudent and conceited denounce- ments, the thrusting aside of all that is quiet and sober in the conducting of services, and the introduction of only what is noisy and demon- strative. Fear and self-interest are appealed to as incentives to an expression of decision for God. We do not object to an unscholarly man pleading with men for their souls' salvation. His English may be bad or his rhetoric faulty; but if his heart be tender and his soul breathful with the love of the Saviour we heartily bid him God speed. God has often chosen the weak things of the world to confound the mighty. But such means as are often employed by those who are styled revivalists, offend the taste of Christian men, bewilder the judgment, and altogether violate the fitness of spiritual methods for securing spiritual ends. Any semblance of success and details of particular cases of con- version are eagerly published. Under such influences too often the type of Christian character formed is weak, while the result gene- rally is not true religion, but merely exaggerated feeling— a kind of unnatural emotion in relation to religion. All this is injurious and tends to excite confidence in over-stimulated sensation rather than in a sound faith; and the result is repugnance and aversion in the minds of many intelligent Christians against revivals or against any special means being employed in their promotion. A Christian revival is not of necessity just any movement called religious, where human feel- ings may be deeply stirred and which may be promoted by a so-called, revivalist. Giving the name, whether to men, meetings, or movements, will never constitute a true revival. In a genuine revival of spiritual life there is presupposed to have been a decline or falling away. Those who did run well in the race have grown weary and been hindered — those who with holy boldness and earnest purpose did fight ' the good fight of faith'. have become faint and feeble, and have unbelted the sword, laid aside the helmet, and stepped out of the battle- field. With such there is return and renewal of consecration. Among those who have backslidden, and declined into coldness, 'the fountains of sin are broken up;' there is the conviction of guilt because of this condition, and with true penitence of heart there is the spirit of fresh devotedness to God and a new beginning of obedience. Then, further, there are many in our Churches who, after once partaking of the saving grace of God, never seem to make any advance beyond a spiritual babyhood, but cry continually to be fondled by mother Church, and to be fed upon milk diluted and sweetened; instead of by healthy exercise growing into strength, and entering the lists to do battle for the Lord. Such are aroused in a true revival to seek a higher Christian life and a more ad- vanced spiritual state. Where a large number of persons together are thus similarly moved there is revival, and where such is experienced there quickly follows an awakening among the unsaved. To bring about such a condition of things, special agents or agencies are often, and not always unwisely employed; and as a rule the speciality of such season or work is a quickening and deepening of the emotional life — the emotion, of course, should be moral, and not merely animal. Feeling is chiefly appealed to, and rightly so; because with Christians, mostly, it is the feeling that is not equal to the knowledge. Only recently we had it reported that of 600 con- versions in Newcastle, England, all except 20 had been trained in the Sunday-school; and throughout Scotland, where such large blessings have been enjoyed, the numbers added to the Church have been chiefly children of God's people— those whose minds have been intelli- gently informed in the doctrines of God's Word, but whose hearts have remained comparatively unimpressed. Wherever the truth of God affects the heart with power there will be emotion, and often deep emotion. And in any large and mixed population, where the masses are not highly cultured, it would be impossible for a great religious movement which has to do with the affections, and even the passions, not to produce something that will jar, or shock refined thought or cultivated taste;— accor- ding to men's temperaments there might even be in some cases hysteria. Yet on these grounds are we to deny or refuse such movements for good? Were we able to determine or control the progress of our Lord's Kingdom we should no doubt greatly prefer a quiet aud continuous advance, however rapid. But this is not ours to choose. Throughout the Church's history progress has been made, not in a straight line, but in circles. The tide of spiritual life has moved- on, not with smooth and regular flow, but in waves, the force and sweep of which have appeared at times resist- less. There have been summer and winter — seasons when the fields have been hard, and the trees bare of fruit or blossom or even leaf; and there have been seasons when, under the warm breath of a spiritual spring-time, the life has risen revealing its presence in rich foliage and abundant fruit, and the fields have again yielded their increase. Such alternations may not be the highest ideal of growth; but such have been; and in so far as we are able to discern, sudden and rapid changes have characterized the life of the Church. When such revival seasons recur among us we need not wonder at some accompanying excitements. If we have faith in the old story of Pentecost we shall deem them possible, and even probable. Do not let us demur at this; neither presume to prescribe unto God what accidentals shall attend His gracious work. Let us rather rejoice in that we receive the blessing at His hands. Better to have life even with some extravagance rather than a dead form, although there might be all the symmetry and loveliness of sculptured marble. ' A live dog is better than a dead lion.' ' Under the old economy God evidently made provision for seasons of revival. At the great feasts held annually, the whole Jewish people gathered together from every village and home- stead throughout the land; and merchants and traders even from foreign cities assembled in Jerusalem to worship God. Then, as they gazed upon the beautiful Temple, so associated with their whole history, linking the very humblest of their race with those glorious forefathers who had walked and talked with God; and as mingling together they worshipped before the veil spread over the burning glory of the Shekinah, and listened to the Psalms of David hymning from so many voices, their deepest feelings would be stirred, and the great heart of the nation would be lifted nearer God. By such special means God contributed to the mainte- nance of religion among his people. 'The rapid spread of the Christian Church during the first, second, and third centuries may be justly regarded as a continuous succession of revivals. From this period to the beginning of the thirteenth century there does not appear to have been any large outpouring of the Holy Spirit; but afterwards came the great Reforma- tion, ushered in by Wycliffe, and Huss, and Luther. In later days occurred the reforms or revivals under Whitefield and the brothers Wesley; more recently still the revivals in America, Ireland, and various parts of Great Britain ; and now in our own day in Scotland. 'Thus almost all the true life of the Church has been produced by means of what we may term revivals. God has taken advantage of human excitability in order to produce powerful impressions, and lead men into obedience. Owing to our natural inclinations towards the world, and the many influences drawing us away from the spiritual, we need these mighty impulses now and again to prevent us from sinking into utter coldness and death. Think of the present state of the Church. Does it not seem as though a heavy slumber had rested upon us, or a palsy had smitten us; that the visible world which is perishing should appear to be the only real world; and the spiritual world, the truths of heaven and hell, sinners perishing around us, and the all- efficiency of God's grace, seem facts faraway and shadowy? If Christendom were really Christian; if pro- fessors really believed instead of believing that they believe, if men were logical and consistent, the dread of damnation and the earnest seeking of life everlasting would constitute a phase of wonderful power in every intelligent souL Believing as we do the great truths of God's Word, is it not marvellous that revivals only recur at intervals? Did we really believe, this condition of life would be normal and regular in every Christian Church. We seem, indeed, to have been caught in the backwater of a receding wave; there appears so little confidence in our beliefs, so little warmth and flow in our love, and so little enthusiasm in our service. ' Seeing, however, that as in nature, so in the spiritual life of the Church, there come seasons of renewal and revival, the all-important ques- tion arises, Under what conditions can revival blessings be enjoyed, or in how far and in what extent can we promote a Christian revival ? 'Power belongeth unto God.' 'Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit; saith your God.' This, however, does not exclude method in the divine operations. That 'power belongeth unto God' is equally true in nature, and yet we should never dream of securing health or gathering a harvest without conform- ing to certain conditions and applying certain practical laws. Christians are far too prone to regard a revival of religion as some peculiar and miraculous event— something altogether beyond the reach of human influence or agency, and in no way coming under the ordinary rules of cause and effect, or showing any connection between means and the result. Such a doctrine is cer- tainly not in harmony with any of God's acknow- ledged methods of procedure, and for the Church to adopt would prove most dangerous. ' On every hand we observe the operation of law; and uniformly the Divine procedure is so regulated as to be available on our behalf. Great physical forces everywhere offer themselves for our use— the rain to soften the soil, the sun to ripen the corn, and the winds to waft our ships and bear our cargoes home. Let man act in sympathy with nature, and apply the powers within his reach, and they will pour the tides of their strength through all his labours, and yield him abundant good. Let man, on the other hand, think that his labour interferes with the sovereignty of God, or detracts from the Divine honour; and then, instead of turning up the furrows of his fields, or spreading his sails to the breeze, let him fold his hands sentimentally and wait God's time for prosperity— his fields will never laugh with har- vest, nor will his ships ever reach their port. ' Just as truly, there are near and about us in the spiritual realm infinite divine forces; and while all power belongeth unto God, so that, in the conversion and sanctification of a single soul, He is supreme in His prerogative of bestowing the blessing, yet in these gracious acts He is a God of order; and just as there is method in all His other works, so there must be method here. God, if the powers of His grace be properly invoked, will undoubtedly, readily and adequately respond. He ' is waiting to be gracious;' yet the Church, refusing to employ the proper means, dreams on in vague expectation. 'It is certainly the will of God that men should be saved, and as certainly, that the eternal and unchanging God is always willing that men should be saved. It cannot be that God acts by fits and starts, feeling graciously disposed at one time— e.g. in times of revival — and then through long seasons of coldness in the Church, feeling altogether indifferent. Neither can our God be partial, cherishing different affections for His children in one land and His children in another land. Whatever Divine sovereignty means, it certainly cannot mean that because He wills it, and for no other reason, He is withholding from us His blessings of mercy and power. The reason for winter is not that the sun changes— that it is more distant or less warm. All the difference to us of summer and winter results from the difference of attitude or position the earth herself takes in her own orbit. Depend upon it, there is nothing our God so intensely desires as the salvation of men; and this should be clearly recognised and fully admitted. In the Gospel, God has provided the means for saving men, and these means Ha «b treats His people to enaplwv — ' Go ye into all the- world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.' He 'now commandeth all men everywhere to repent.' ' One condition in the plan God has devised and revealed to us is that His grace shall reach men through man. God Himself, in visiting our world and dealing with mankind, 'was manifest in the flesh'— the man Christ Jesus. Of the early disciples' work we read, 'The Lord wrought with them,' or by means of them. ' The Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip' in order that Philip might evangelize at Azotus. Granting, then, that man is the medium through which God is pleased to bless our race, we come to the enquiry— What is the law or method which affects us, and by means of which the great work of grace, seen and felt more particu- larly in times of revival, is produced and con- trolled? ' A true Christian revival is God's work, and born f ron above ; so that to ' get up a revival' is a phrase and a sentiment altogether out of place. For a true revival to be experienced there must be on the part of God's people the exercise of much faith and prayer; but under- lying these as their foundation there must be real sympathy with God. Indeed, all religious life might be thus defined — supreme sympathy or oneness of feeling with Him— in His love for all that is holy and true, but hatred of all that is evil — in His tender compassion for the sinner, but hatred against His sin. And throughout the Church true spiritual health is a genuine sympathy with God. The Divine method is to act wherever there is this true sympathy, or wherever there is the susceptibility to His influences. ' He is waiting to be gracious;' but He works through us, and where there is the absence of true sympathy there the operations of God are hindered, and His power is limited or restrained. Without doubt, the lack of power in the Church to-day may be traced to the lack of this feeling. We cannot be revived until we are willing to be revived, and also willing to yield ourselves up to the claims and demands of a revived life. Many in our Churches want a revival which will not involve much trouble or inconvenience, or that will cost no self-sacrifice. Nearly all Christian professors say we need and desire God's Spirit. Let us pray for it. And we urge by all means pray for the blessing. But, brethren, let us see to it also that we are true and sincere. How many shams there are in Christ's Church! Each one by membership in the Church has pro- fessed himself to be not his own, but Christ's — bought with His precious blood— and to His service be has vowed himself. Yet with how many, from Monday until Saturday, almost the first and last thought is about self — the chief question being how best to advanoe personal interests rather than God's work! How intense are the strain and energy devoted to laying up of this world's goods, or the securing of earthly power, while the claims of a perishing world are unheeded ! Men profess in their creed to worship God, but they prove in their conduct, which all men read, that Jehovah is dethroned in their temple, and the God they worship and serve is mammon. Now, this self-seeking and want of thoroughness and sincerity are altogether out of sympathy with the Spirit of God, which is holy and loving and true. As in the case of Ananias, part of the price is held back, and in God's sight this is a lie, which grieves His Holy Spirit, and prevents His indwelling presence. Whenever the world comes between us and God's light, there must be night and darkness. ' In our Lord Jesus Christ we have the perfect exemplification of a complete sympathy with God. In Him dwelt the fulness of the Godhead bodily. He could say, ' I and the Father are one.' How His life was expressed in prayer and labour ! And for an illustration of this sympathy ruling in the hearts of a community, so as to promote a true spiritual revival, we may consider the first Christian Church at Jerusalem. Here were men who knew the truth, and understood their mission in the world, but felt they needed force in carrying that truth to others. To them Jesus had thus spoken: — 'Behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you; but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high.' And this was emphatically the endowment of Pentecost. In that upper room the disciples waited and received the Holy Ghost, who enlightened their understandings, gave force to their will, reality to their character, and intensity to all their life. And you may observe, it was when sympathy ruled their hearts, when they 'were all with one accord in one place,' they received the promised blessing. Throughout the ten days and nights during which the disciples waited they never wearied or lost sight of the Master's promise. None left the little company, or disappointed with the delay turned to other pursuits. They went up to the Temple regularly at the hour of worship, and between these times, gathered together for meditation and prayer. They waited and pleaded, pleaded and waited. At length on the morning of the tenth day, when their hearts were evidently prepared— when ' they were all with one accord in one place,' the precious promise was fulfilled. 'Thus it has ever been. Where among God's people perfect sympathy with the Divine obtained, there has been manifest the full indwelling of God. But, brethren, this is not our case; and lacking this sympathy with God, we lack the very condition upon which true revival blessings can be received. We scarcely realize to what a lamentable extent the Church of Christ is out of sympathy with her Lord's work. We have the promise that nations shall be born in a day; and yet, suppose that the whole of our city, all classes, high and low, were now deeply moved with an earnest concern about eternity and salvation, each eagerly addressing the other, saying 'Let us come together and pray; let us seek the Lord's mercy'— men giving up a portion of the day from business or pleasure for worship and prayer — hundreds being converted —the telegraph lines bearing glad messages to all parts of the land telling of the Lord's deal- ings with us here— what would be thought by professing Christians? All would wonder, many would be incredulous and some would object to the gracious movement as containing too much excitement and interfering with trade. When we are prepared, as was that early Church — our hearts in full sympathy with God and His work —then He who is waiting to be gracious will not delay to bless. With a mighty fulness will He take possession of our spirits, moving us forward with a common impulse as the rushing wind through the forest turns every leaf on every tree in the one direction of the gale. ' Faith, prayer, and effort, all hold a most important place in the method of Christian revivals. Each must be in exercise. But true sympathy with God implies the possession of faith, and will most assuredly express itself in prayer and effort 'Prayer is the appointed means by which God's people shall obtain blessing— the prayer of faith He will always hear. By His sure pro- mises we can lay hold of God, and say, 'We will not let Thee go except thou bless us.' As God gives harvest to those who obey the laws of husbandry, so He gives blessings in answer to prayer. It is the Divine law; and because God does not change His order, we always through prayer gain spiritual gifts, which otherwise we never should enjoy. He inspires the prayer, and can and does respond. But prayer must be distinct and definite. The blind man for a long time cried — ' Have mercy upon me, thou Son of David;' and our Lord's answer to that prayer was, ' What wilt thou that I should do unto thee?' When the man shaped the burden of his need into a definite request—' Lord, that I might receive my sight— the blessing was at once given. Through the centuries the voice of prayer has not ceased, neither has the Lord's ear been heavy that it has not heard; but too often the prayer has been indefinite. To-day the Lord asks His people, 'What will ye that I should do to you?'' We need now to define our needs— 'Lord that we might receive renewed life— life in our own souls,' in our duties at home and in the mart, in our Church work and every service.' It may be with us as with Israel in the olden time—God waits to bestow the gifts; yet to do these things He will be enquired of by the house of Israel, not by one family or one individual, but by the whole house. Were the Church as a whole in sym- pathy with God— for without this prayer will not avail— did we really desire revival, with power to win souls, and did we plead this distinct prayer, revival would come. When Elijah was ready, the wood prepared, and the sacrifice laid upon the wood, then in answer to his cry the fire came down. There must be in our Churches a vast amount of fuel prepared. There are knowledge and experience resulting from years of labour. We need the fire from God to kindle all into a living sacrifice. Were we ready to cry with faith the fire would come. The waterpots are all filled. Had we faith enough to draw out now we should doubtless find all changed into the true wine of His kingdom. ' Effort also enters into the method of Chris- tian revivals; and such in the use of appropriate means will be prompted by true sympathy with God. In so far as by preaching effort is made to arouse men, the doctrines held and taught must be according to the Scriptures — the Father's tender pitying love for sinners, the Saviour's all- sufficient atonement and interces- sory work, the Holy Spirit's regenerating and sanctifying influences through the Word. These teachings have ever been God's power unto the salvation of every one that believeth, whether rude barbarian or polished Greek. Our re- sources are quite equal to our work ; for however feeble we are. One is with us whose might is onnipotent. Were we in true sympathy with God, we should all of us be out seeking souls, holding more meetings, and in prayers and labours more abundant. When there is a correct apprehension of these great truths of revelation, with a just recognition of the responsibilities they involve— when the feeling is equal to the knowledge, and each Church-member accepts the obligation, 'let him that heareth say come,' then will there be a wide-spread awakening, and sinners will be converted unto God. 'There still remains the practical question — 'How on man's part is this spiritual condition to be attained ?'' Christian revival is revival of the inner spiritual life; the work must therefore commence with the individual. There must be honest self-examination. Very few of us, were we honestly to search our hearts and affections, our lives and conduct, but would find in one or other or both, reasons why God's blessings are restrained. One of the first things we need in order to bring about a better state of things is to deal honestly with our own con- sciences. To what a low ebb has our personal spiritual life become reduced! How languid and torpid! What little true consecration to the Master, or reality and enthusiasm in His service do we realize! What little disposition have we to make sacrifice for the sake of others! We love our own plans and possessions and enjoy- ments far more than His work, and would much rather indulge our love of ease than exert our- selves for His sake. Have we ever spoken faithfully to another about his soul? Do we not often, perhaps constantly, stay away without justifiable reason from the regular meeting for prayer, where our presence and sympathy would greatly encourage those who are working? In how far has a worldliness of spirit taken posses- sion of me? Is it possible that I can find more interest and zest in an evening at cards- or in an opera-house, than I do in seeking to win a soul for Christ ? Do I really feel more anxious as to the fashion or appearance of my dress than for the possession of spiritual graces? If we are honest with ourselves very many of us will scarcely wonder that God's might is so little felt in our midst. ' There must be humble acceptance of all blame. Let us be calm and faithful in our self - judgment. And if , in view of His claims and our privileges, we recognise our spiritual state to be poor and miserable and low, let us humbly acknowledge our guilt. It is not our Lord's will that we should be thus weak. We have neglected ourselves, and been unfaithful. When our con- sciousness of blame is deepened, we shall be dis- posed to seek that dear Lord whom we have forsaken, but who pleads with us to return, and is waiting to renew our strength. 'There must be faithful recourse to Jesus Christ for renewed consecration. Often when men are conscious of feebleness or failure, they seek to rouse themselves by spasmodic efforts of self-condemnation, and fresh vows of devotion. But working from their own feelings merely their vows soon fade and fail, and they sink into a condition more gloomy and fatal than ever. Christ is our life, and fellowship with Him alone can renew, strengthen, and mature the inner life. Our life has not an independent existence. It flows from Him as the stream flows from its fountain springs, or light from the sun. ' As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in me.' Communion with Him is real power. When like a branch in the tree we abide in Him, then like the sap He will abide and move in us. 'There must be a ready response in our conduct to the gracious influences of God. Were this spirit common throughout the Church of Christ there would be no need for fresh or novel appliances or forced excitements. The true spirit of the Saviour— perfect sympathy with the Divine — would pour its living strength through all our ordinary plans of work— Sunday- schools, Bible-classes, and home instruction. The machinery is not broken, but only needs impelling power, and that we should realize in the spirit of Christ. 'Dear Brethren, we may surely indulge the hope that all have come together to these meetings earnestly desiring the blessing of God; and we trust that when we shall return to our respective homes and spheres of labour, it will be with an increased spirit of consecration to our Lord. Whatever may be our opinions as to the means we should adopt in order to promote revival in our work, let us not depend upon any novelty of form or teaching, but simply upon the Master and the power of His might. Let us humbly and earnestly seek from the Lord a spirit of loving unity and devotedness. By such com- munion with Him to whom belongeth all power, we shall be made better men, better ministers, and better members of His one Church. 'We do believe in prayer, and in united prayer. As one practical outcome of this occasion, could not the Churches here repre- sented agree upon concerted action, to plead with God for revival blessings; that at a date to be fixed special services during one week should be held in all our Churches throughout the colony? Such special services would surely stir the hearts of many of our people, and accom- plish much good. Attention to divine things would be awakened, and self-examination, with more earnest prayer and effort, would result from every part of the land the cry would arise, which cry God would hear and answer, 'Wilt Thou not revive us again, that Thy people may rejoice in Thee?' ' (Applause.) The Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Lambert; also that the address be printed in Truth and Progress. If it were not out of place he would have liked to have noticed a motion given for consideration next day in reference to the suggestion thrown out in the last paragraph of the address, but probably there would be more members from the country present in the morning, and they would then be in a better position to discuss the question as to whether it would be possible to have a week's special services throughout the denomination. It was generally underst .ood ' ;hat they should not eater into anything Iur .a an ilaborato discussion upon the subject di the iddress, and therefore he would not v alarge' lpon the matter. - The Bev. J. L. Pabsoxs, of North. A.delaide, leconded, expressing bis sense of the en' joyment, is well as mental profit, produced by thr , address. Attention had been for some time d irected to ;he subject of revivals, and there could, he ?bought, be very little doubt that all Bincere Christians desired to ace special ir addition to ihe ordinary services. It seemed » Nearly to him. hkt however they might eudeavor j to define the nethod the revival lay outride tb a method. He ;hen referred to the revivals oi ' the middle and jarly ages, and the methods ad opted by White ield, Matthew Bdwarus^ and o there. However, htj might shaye their ide M ^ to method, ;hey were, be affirmed, b»* jught back to the »oint so clearly mentioned i a the address, viz., ihat all power of revival ^^ from on High. Still they might utilize tb e means at their com-' mand in order to a&sr; ^ themselves in their progress. The Rev. Mr. P* ice suggested that the matters should be f^wn open for free dis^ euasion, and trastar' , that no formality or waufc of formality would prevent their esteemed Con gregational brethr en from expressing their senti ments on the- sub J0Ct that had been dealt with. The CHAWC't^ on behalf of the Baptist Church ganew jyt expressed the great pleasure that was U & at the presence of their dear brethren, j^y did feel that taay were tery near totb'em, and they believed at Christiana tost th*r a were many truths quite as important if not ifjore important than that wbich sepaoted them. He quite believed that on the main points both Baptirts and P*io-Baptiste were waHyone, (Hear, hear.) The Bar. J. Jeffkrb said that Mr. Syvas and himvelf came that night charged with mas sages of goodwill and fraternalsympathy from tk* Congregational Union, and these he had great pleasure in effericg. (Hear, haar.) He had often thought what a loss of power arose from the holding of such a meeting a» the present sol another which it wsa proposed to hold shortly u two separate gathering* instead of one united meeting. If they could act in concert they would not only double their individual strength, but they would, he was convinced, become four fold stronger. In his early years he had had many a dream of a union between the Cap. tists and Congregationalists, but more mature life brought with it many points «f sadnefs, amounting -in some particulars almost to melancholy. He was sorry that in this in stance he could not now indulge in dreams of union as he used to, but still he hoped that th« good day would come eventually. It would bo well if they were to adopt the suggestion throw* out by the Rev. Mr. Mead some twelve months or two years ago, with wbioh he at the tim» cordially sympathized, viz., that Churches should be both Baptist and congregational, all neces sary appliances for tbe officers of either creed btiBg provided. He had, he mention*!, almost as much sympathy for the Baptist iaati tutiocs as for bis own. He trusted the Associa tion would help them in reference to Union College— an institution founded by tbe Baptists. Piesbyterians, and Congregationalists for the purpose of giving a good biblical and literary training to such joung men as were likely to b» engaged in preaching tbe Gospel. Mr. Mead and himself had worked together with the utmost harmony and good feeling. He trusted they would continue to do their best to suppoit and asMst what bo might be pardoned for calling an admirable institution. ( Hear, hear. ) The Rev. C. B. Stmks thought the burden of their subjeot was just this—' Brethren, we salute you,' and affirmed that the generic re semblances between the two sects were far stionger than the specific differences, for what ever the latter might be they both sought to bring the Gospel to the perishing. There was truth in the resemblance that evoked their deepest feelings, and therefore they would re* joicein each other's success. They did not rejoice in that which tended to part them, neither did they pretend to wish success in preaching pure baptism, but rather the Word ef God. The ties of affection would become closer and more stringent just in proportion as these difficulties were felt more and more to be of a secondary character to the supreme object in view. Ha had long cherished a hope of union between the Baptists aad Independents, but he had begun to feel that it was almost impracticable, and there eould be no union without a tacit admission that the principles upon which the denominations were formed were not sufficient to warrant the existence of two separate sect*. Such an admis sion could hardly be looked for, and they must do their separate works, and simply strive to avoid any collision that would endanger the feeding; interests of the Christian Church. He trusted there would be a desire oa both sides to avoid any such division of the spiritual interest in any particular locality. Ho rejoiced in listening to the paper read by the Chairman, which ha thought contained so many faithful and dis criminating statements, in which, too, they all felt deeply interested. There would not, ha thought, be any propriety under the circum stances in his endeavouring to- speak on the paper; but he might mention that he felt it to* -e their duty, as Christian Churches, to continue in prayer, although he was not prepared to say that that would bring about a revival of th« spiritual life just at the present period. They must await the Master's fulness of time; for while it was their duty most humblj and constantly to wait upon God, it was not for them to dictate the time of th« bestowal of tuo desired blessing. He begged to respond thank fully to the cordial welcome they as delegates had received, and expressed the sincere inte rest felt by the Congregational Union in 'the spiritual welfare of tho Baptist denomination, (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. PniCE supported the motion, very cordially concurring ia the opinion that the attention drawn to the subject of revivals was most timely. They did not, he remarked, believe in 'adult' but rather in ' believers' ',' baptism— (Hear, near)— and he said this the more readily because his sympathies aud interests with respect to believers amongst children had beenintensifiedthrougbreadingthreeproductioas — a set of papers contributed by the Rev. Mr. Dale, of Birmingham, to the Congregationalists; a paper read by Mr. Symes before the Congre gational Union, upon the doctrinal bans upou which they proceeded in efforts among tha young ; and a very, practical paper read by Mr. Jefferis at the same time. He then enlarge) on the various aspects of the subject, and ex pressed an opiiico that the two sects would be trough! more closely together in the future. A Prayer Union had been already formed in the colony, in connection with which there were 12 ? or IS ministers of seven, or eight different, denominations. (Hear.) Mr. G. Peinck, of Mifoham, mentioned an instance in which servioeshad beenconduoted. at a church by Baptist andlndependent ministers., alternately. The meeting was closed with devotional extrcises. ? 