Miscellaneous Items. Mr. Cashel Hoey has been made a knight of the order, of Pius IX. Diptheria has mas made its appearance at Hay. 2490 acres of land were selected at the Denili- quin Lands Office, on Thursday, 0th April. Dr. S. Boyd, of Lyons'-terrace, Sydney, has been elected a member of the Queensland Acclimatisation Society. At the Albury Lands Office, ou Thursday hist, 3590 acres were selected. Solomon beat Sullivan in the scullers' race, on Saturday afternoon. Tho match was for L20, and Solomon won easily. Mr. E. B. "Woodhouse, of Mount Gilead, Camp- belltown, reports having sold, privately, the pure-bred short- horn bull Prince of Wales, for the sum of 100 guineas, to Mr. 0\. A. Massy, Gundaroo, M. A. Balliere, the companion in escape of tho Count de llnchefort, left Syduey in the P. and O. Ti.M. steamship Kllora on tho 17th, and sails for liuglaud in the Norfolk this day (Saturday). The poll taken on Friday, the 10th instant, for theeleotion ol' a mayor for Deniliquin, resulted in favour of Alderman Noyes, for whom 121 votes were polled. Porty-six voles were recorded for Alderman Hoseufeld. Watson, the pedestrian, of Melbourne, has chal- lenged Watson, of Scone, tho winner, of the late match for Ü400, to run for £200 aside, the race to take place in five weeks from date of signiug^articles. Tho distance is not stated. Mr. Tyerman, the editor of the Progressive Spiritualist, ia announced in that journal to have been engaged te lecture for a month in Sydney, and other places lu New South Wales. He will probably leave for Sydney about the middle of next month. An inquest was held at Black Swamp, near Carcoar, on Thursday last, upon tho body of a man named Royal Atkins, who came by his death from injuries received on the 2nd instant by falling into the King's Plains Creek whilst in a state of intoxication. During the past week, says the Tumut Times, we have been treated with beautiful weather ; warm, sunny days and cool evenings, more like summer than verging on tue wintry season of the year, which will probably be hailed with delight by our agriculturists. The weather, says the fiat fairst Free Press, is all that our agriculturists and those engaged in pastoral pursuits eau desire; and since tho recent rains, which have been suc- ceeded by warm, dry days, there is abundance of feed, and tilo ground is in splendid condition. We desire to correct an error which appeared in our columns a few days since. It was stated, in a notice of the lute Mr. M'Oredie, that he was the architect of Messrs. Hoffmmg's buildiucs in Pitt- street. It should have stated that lie was the contractor. The architect was Mr. Rowe. The year 1873 was the iirst in which the im- ports of foreign and colonial merchandise into tho United Kingdom exceeded the value of £1,000,000 a day. The total is stated at H'i'i0,380,7'-12. Tho exports of British and Irish produce and manufactures averaged nearly £700,000 a day, the total being L25S,07«,3!10. The Wilcannia Hirnes reports an accident to a man named Pearce, -who was serionsly injured by an explo- sion of powder. It adds that, ns no medical man's services could bo obtained, a simple application of cold water was resorted to, with ni uah success ; aud then goos on to regret that no doctor resides in tho district. Tho Prince of "Wales is proprietor of a news- paper. Tho property consists of " Vanity Pair," now raised in price to ono shilling. It ls also stated that most of the paragraphs ure supplied by titled contributors. Only three numbers have come under this new management, one of the cartoons being tho Dulce of Edinburgh tuning Iiis violin. By telegram the Clarence Examiner learnt on Tuesday that a child of Mr. Summers, of tho North Arm, foll into the Clarouce Uiver on tho day previous, and before tho body could bo recovered life was extinct. Mr. A. Lardner, .T.P., tho corouor, left Oration to hold an inquest ou the body at Macleay. The San Francisco '.Bulletin says : On Thursday a notice appeared in the dailies that au owner was wanted fora lino silk umbrella, then at tho police-station, taken on the preceding day from a disreputable character. Before ll o'clock on Thursday morning 11741 men, lall women, 60 boys and girls, and 14 Chinese had applied for it. At about S o'clock on Sunday morning last a woman numen Hath Boyd was found dead in bod at tho house she lived in, Landsdowne-strcot, off Crown-street, Surry Hills. Sho wuH 79 years of agu, and had been enjoying good health. Shu was found dead hv a .Mrs. Wiles, who lives in the house, and who lust saw Mrs. Boyd alive about midnight on Saturday. On Monday, tho 1.1th instant, a man named Patrick Carroll met with an accident at the bridge near Mr. Barnes's inn, Tamworth, bj'which his leg was broken. It had boen raining during tho day, and thc ground being rather sltppory, justus ho was turning the corner on to tho hridgo, lils horse slipped nud fell, and Carroll sustained the injury mentioned, besides others of a minor character. An accident, which, says tho Independent, might havo hud amore serious result, occurred to Mr. Hugh) M'Kay, of Kvaus' Plains, yesterday. It appears that M r. Hugh M'ICay was engaged, with others, in putting snmo spouting around his house, when ho was thrown from the ladder upon which ho was standing, and fell a dis,ance ol about twelve feet to tho ground, sustaining a rather severe calp wound. As a seaman of tho schooner Clara, named Laurence Dulziell, was employed on Friday uuloadhiu coals, tho haskel, which ho was running uloug a pluuk from thu hold to tho vessol'H side, caught tho end ol tho plank and throw lt down. Dulziell, to savo himself from falling down tho hold, jumped a distance of about twelve feat on to tho vessol's deck, sustaining what is called u Pott's fracture ol' tho uucle. He was conveyed ut euee to tho Iulirmury. An accident, certainly not of a serious nature, but willoh might havo beeu attended with serious, results happened on Suturduy.at tho corner of Georgeand Parkstieets Dr. Nolan was driving his buggy through the intersection of the two streets, when 'bus -iö suddenly stopped as alleged, to landa passenger, and in rounding the corner the vehicles came in contact destroying one wheel of the buggy of Dr, Kolan. At tho Central Police. Court, yesterday morning, tho electoral list for West Sydney wasrovised.the magistrates pJEsent being Messrs. Murphy, Penfold, Harris, Powell, and Tdiorne, Mr. Murphy being in tho chair. Applications wero received from Mr. \V. C. Curtis, of Pitt-street, and Mr. W. Venables, of Parruiuuttu-street, to havo their names inserted in the roll, and there being uo objection, the applications Wero granted. On Thursday evening, at the liiile Saloon, next door to this oilice, a lad uamed Alfred Deo met with a serious accident with firearms. Dee was loading Iiis rille, prepara- tory to having a shot ut the target. Whilst ramming homo the bullet, a small conical -shaped one, tho trigger caught the corner of the table, and tho rifle exploded, tho ball entering his right ann, Tho bullet was subsequently extracted at the lullrmary, and the sufferer is progressing favourably. On Friday afternoon the third division oF tho race for Mr. C. il. HaimeH's prize trophy was decided. It will be remembered that at tho Newcastle Hewing Club Hegatta on the previous Friday, the first and second divisions were won by Prost and Morris, who it was arranged should pull off on Priduy. A very good start was effected, und the men kept close together over three parts of the course, when Prost drew ahead and afterwards won as lie liked. A meeting of the Liverpool Plains Pastoral and Agricultural Association was held nt tile Caledonian lietel, Tamworth, on Wednesday evening lost, to arrange mutters in connection with thc forthcoming show in May. Several of tne rules relating to the disposal of exhibits wore considered, mid a selection of stewards was made. It was alto ugreed to securo the services of a baud on the show day. The entrance gate, booths, and stalls were sold by auction yesterday (Tuesday). The Shoalhaven Agricultural and Horticultural Association has received u fair measure of support, over 200 members having joined. A ploughing match is advertised to take place on Wednesday, lith May. A good many teams uro preparing to contest the prizes. A public dinner will taite place after the ploughing match. Tho prizes and expenses are to be paid forby private subscription, so as not to inter- fere with tho funds of the association for the grund exhibi- tion, which takes place early in the ensuing year. Last week a young man named White, was ont riding on the South side of tho Clarence, when his horse fell with ulm, und in the fall broke his rider's thigh. White wus at once conveyed to the Grafton Hospital, where he is pro- gressing favourably. The llxamlncr also regrets to learn that a sou of Mr. J?, lt. Donaldson was thrown from his horse,and sustained a slight concussion of tho brain. Under the skilful treatment of Dr. Smith, he is now convalescent. At Mudgee, on Wednesday, David Leighton, charged with the manslaughter of Richard Donovan, was found not guilty and discharged. Prisoner was defended by Mr. Buchanan, who made a very effective speech in his behalf, and the examination of witnesses was conducted by Mr. Pilcher. The highest testimonials to character were put in, amongst others a letter from the Hon. John Suther- land, who was a fellow passenger with the accused from England. A rather serious accident, we aro informed, oc- curred on Friday afternoon to Major Airey, of the Kew South Wales Artillery. He was riding down Bridge- street, and while doing so a vehicle came in coutact with Ids horse; one of the shafts of the vehicle penetrated the side of tho horse, aud literally impaled the animal. The force of the coacusslou caused Major Airey to be thrown and considerably shaken. His horse was so much injured that it died ; the wound in its side being described as a frightful one. We, Bathurst Times, understand that another slip of land occurred on the western line on Saturday last, and was tho means of covering tho rails with au immense quantity of rock and dirt. It appears that tho wall of the mountain whiou gave way n few weeks ago, came down with a crash during the night, and it took the men some hours to clear tho way for tho mail train. It is supposed that about one hundred tons fell, and that fie side of thc mountain is in a very loose, and consequently dangerous state. A special general meeting of the members of the Sydney Bowing Club took place on Wednesday, at the Oxford Hotel, Mr. Q. Deloittc in the chair. Tho llrst business before the meeting was tile election of auditors, and Messrs. Soutar and Hudson were elected. The election of a sub-com- mittee for selecting a crew to compete with tho proposed intercolonial match with "Victoria, was then proceeded with by ballot, and resulted in the election of Messrs, A, Monro, J. Hobson, and Q. Deloittc. A boy, named Robert Dempster, aged 12 years, in tho employ of Mr. Saywell, tobacconist, of Park-street, met with a serious accident yesterday afternoon. Young Dempster, it seems, was employed at a tobacco-cutting machine, and something sticking in the cogs of the wheel, the boy, in attempting to clear them, had his hand crushed so severely, that on his admission into the Infirmary (where he was conveyed by Mr. Saywell, in a cab). Dr. Halkett found it necessary to amputate the first joint of three of the un- fortunate lad's fingers. At a meeting ot tiie committee of the Hill Ead Hospital, held oa Wednesday last, tho secretary was inj structod to write to tho Colonial Secretary's oflico, staling that an offer lias been mado by an homueoputhio physician, not registered in New South Wales, to attend tho hospital gratuitously, and to treat such patients as may wish to place themselves under that system, being non-surgical cases, and further explain all other circumstances regarding tho case, and to inquire whether such request, if granted, would affect he right to Government subsidies. At Roberta's corner, Market and George streets, about eleven o'clook on Monday morning last, a drunken fracas occurred between two shoeblacks named George , M'llwrath and George Vincent. After ono or two rounds M'llwrath struck lils opponent a knock-down blow, and iu falling Vincent broke both bones of tho left leg. Tho sufferer was at once conveyed to the Infirmary, and Iiis assailant taken to tho Kent-street Watch-houso by tho police. Dr. Halkct states that tho case is a very serious one-it being doubtful whether Vincent will recover. We (Fastoral Times) regret to hear of the dentil of Mr. W. M'Beau, nephew ot Mr. lachlan M'Beuu. squatter, of tho Edwards ltivor, who died on Monday last. The young man, who was only about twenty-one years of age, wu« handling a cow in tho yard ut Woorooma, his uuclo's station, near Deniliquin, on Friday, tho 10th instant, when the cw turned ou him, running its horns iuto him, loivlng lum mortally wounded on tho ground. Dr. Noyes was sent for to Deniliquin, but it was too lalo. Dr. Noyes held a magis- terial inquiry on the unfortunate young gentleman. A meeting of St. Paul's Literary Association was held on Wednesday evening last, Mi1. It. T. Orr, vice president, In tlio chair. 'Thesociety's manuscript serial, thu " Critic, was read by tho editor, Mr. A. Jenkins, Tho num- ber contained articles on "Cummnnism," "Kiama : What wo saw and did there," My Uncle's Manuscript," Intellectual Gratification," and " Critics." Also, an article on the traus actions of thesouioty during tho mouth, and a review of Ila» con tents of t ho mun bor. A discussion on the dlllerent com- positions was talion part lu bj' Messrs. Armstrong, Collins, ¿cary, Jones, Grilliths, M theil, Orr, und Jenkius. On Sunday last, says tho Moruya Jivamiiier of tlie 18th, ono of tho most shameful occurrences took place ut Eurobodalla that wo ever recollect hearing of ; Mrs. Harpur and her family went to dinner about midday, when they ruse ¡rom tho table, a good draught horse, worth about KS, was hamstrung When they sat down to tho table Mrs. Harpur » sonhudjusl left tue paddock, and saw (hut thu horte was all right, und within ntl hour tho hqj-so was hanged. W's Harpur U tho widow of tho lalo Mr. Charles Harpur, Mw poet, whose portrait was given iu u recent issno ol the loton ana Country Journal, The "Annals of tho Propagation of tito Faith" furnishes tho following account ot tho distribution of the funds ut their disposai In Australia i Tho Marist ^athm 8y tho ltlght Hov. Dr, O'Miihoriy, Bishop of Arinidnle.MSO, tho Hight Hov, Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, J^'jr « K it Kev. Dr. Liiuulguu, Bishop of Goulburn, MJ01j.t, " Hight Hov. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane, MD I t"u5M Hev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, 11000 ; tho Ki«l t Hov. Dr. Grivor, Bishop of Perth, 1720 ¡ tho Hight Hev. !». Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, 1Ü00. A gentleman informs us that the vessel whicl hus readied Fremantle, intended for tho Wost Australia] pearl-fishing trudo, is a sailiug cruft, and not a steamer. Sin is commanded by a naval lieutenant, and lias a diving bel! and unexperienced oren' on board. Wo hear, too. that thc vessel is tho first despatched hy a newly-formed company, in which Prince Alfred is a large shareholder. Hr. Squires, of Penrith, has perfected a method of preserving fruits in tins, whluh seems eminently satis- factory. Some tins opened yesterday contained peaches and pineapples which retained all tho freshness and fragrance of tlie newly-gathered fruits, although they were somewhat altered in appearance by being preserved in liquid. Mr. Squires and his family grow the fruit, make tho tins, and do all thc labour connected with tho trade, which is assuming mod proportions, tho number of tins which found ready salo this year being over 10.UUO. John Britland, engaged in working at a winch hoisting stones from a quarry at Dalmain, met with aserióos acoideut on Wednesday, whilo attempting to raise a very largo stone. Britland, with both hands on the handle of the winch, f wind tho weight too heavy forbin, and was on tho mint of letting go when the handle caught his clothes and whirled him over tho winch. On being picked up, it was found that his loft arm was broken, and that a portion of (lesli had been torn from ono of his legs. lie was admitted, into the Inlirmary shortly after the accident. A dairyman named John Brisgrove, residing in Biley-street, Woolloomooloo, was admitted into the Infirmary yesterday morning about 9 o'clock, .suffering from rather an uncommon uccldent. Brisgrove hud two cows in a stall in his stable, ono of which he had recently bought, and on going up to tho animnls, to turn them out. the newly pur- chased beast commenced kicking, striking Brisgrove two or linee times in the back with her hoofs. Ho was removed to (lie Inlirmary in un msensiblo state, and every attention was at onco afforded him by tho resident surgeon, 'Dr. Halkett. A deputation, consisting ot' Mr. \v. Richardson and Alderman .Maddock, was introduced to tho Colonial Secretary, on Wednesday morning, by Uv. James Haunell, .M.L.A,, for the county of Northumberland, for tho purpose of making an application for tile erection of a court-house lind lock-up at Lambton. It was represented that Lambton was equidistant and in tito ceutre of all the colliery town- ships, und was, therefore, thc most eligible position for thu erodion of police buildings for the collieries. Mr. Parkes, who received the deputation very favourably, promised that the matter should be duly considered hythe Executive, and the deputation retired. Professor Smith, M.D., delivered a highly inte- resting and instructive lecture in the Pitt-street Congregational school-room, on Wednesday, to un audience of 100 persons. The subject was " St. Clements in Rome." The lecturer illus- trated his addressby means of coloured pictures and diagrams. The Ber. John Graham occupfed thc chair, and brielly intro- duced the lecturer to the audience. The learned lecturer com- menced by describing Rome as it was during the life of St. Clements, and afterwards related the chief events of the life andcliuractorlstiesof St. Clements. The lecturer was awarded a cordial vote of thanks at the conclusion of Iiis address, which was listened to with great attention'. Preparations are being made at Albury to celebrato the semi-centennial anniversary of the encampment of the explorer Hume on tho site of tho town. The event, according to tho Border Vuxt, is to be made one of no small importance : " It is contemplated toappoint local committees in the centres of population throughout Riverina, as well as in those of the neighbouring towns of the colony of Victoria, for the purpose of collecting funds to be devoted towards the erection of a national monument on n grander scale than that which at present denotes the spot in the Federal Oity on which Hamilton Hume, his companion Hovell, and their followers encamped on the 17th November, 1821. The foundation-stone of an Anglican Church was, we learn from the Cooma Gazette, laid at Jingera, on Wednesday, tho 8tü April. The stone was laid by the eldest daughter of Mrs. Brodie, of Wangarah-the oldest native of the district-who nscd these words: "I lay this as the foundation and corner stono of a chnroh to be built in this place, to he named the ' Church of Saint Andrew ] ike Apostle,' and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess, in the nanto of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. I Amen." Our readers will recollect that the word "Jingera" throughout tho length and breadth of the colony was I formerly associated with cattle-stealing, robbery, and murder. The financial report of the Eight-hour Conference of tito Iron Trodes in New South Wales for 1873-4, expresses the belief that out of tho recent dispute much good will come to the working men of these colonies, as it has been the means of bringing them into closei union than has hitherto existed, aud it is trusted that this unity will be yet further cemented, so that questions affecting their interests may be considered by a Trades Congress of Australasia ; as, for Instance, the adoption of arbitration laws to settle all disputes that may occur in the various trades, and so prevent waste of time and money by lock-outs or strikes. By the balanoe-aheet it is shown that thc receipts, during the period from 1st December, IS73, to 31st March, 1874, inclusive, were D1776 10s7id, as against an expenditure of LK334 9s lOjd, leaving a balunoe to the credit of the fund of L14ä 6s Od. The Scrutineer reports that, under the skilful management of Mr. D. Smith, tho Fitzroy Iron Mines are in a fair way towards successful development. In spite of all the drawbacks of wet weather, rough and almost imprac- ticable country, tho indomitable energy and patient perse- verance of Mr. Smith are making themselves both seen and felt, The tramway is nearly completed, and soon will present the busy appearance so desirable to raiso the spirits of tho shareholders, and the community at large. Tho prospects are very favourable ; large minorai arcas have been taken up in the neighbourhood, in which there is every indication of the presence of good coal, and the completion of another tram- way, which is now in contemplation, will, without doubt, ensure the success so untiringly Qworkcd for, aud so richly «served. At 8 o' clock ou Monday, Mr. Joseph Greig, a gardener ut South Kingston reported ot the Newtown police Btatlon, that his dauirhter Aleta, aged 3 years 4 months and 3 days, was ut a qunrtor-pust 5 o'clock in the afternoon, found drowned in a pond of water in a paddock belonging to Mr. Alexander Btewurt, of South Kingston. It appeared that the child was sceu a few minutes previous to it; being found in the pond by Mr. Stewart's two children. No person saw the child fall into the water ; but Jane Creig, the child's mother states that when she missed the child and went to look for it, she discovered it in tho pond with its head down. The child was immediately taken out of tho water by a painter, who was inspecting Mr. Stewart's house Dr. Wetherill was immediately called ip, hut lifo was extinct before his arrival. The body now HOB nt Mr. Greig's residence awaiting uti inquest. The following directions with regard to the pre- vention of diphtheria have been issued by the chief medical officer, Melbourne ! '* Every person in the neighbourhood of easea of diphtheria should burn sulphur for two hours each day in every room of thoir houses ; tho doors, windows, and nliimueys of such rooms to bu kept closo during tho process, »na tho rooms Ulled with a denso cloud of fumes of burning sulphur. As little intercourse as possible should bo held with the lioiunBinfected, or with tho iumates." The following hints for using disinfectants are given : Sulpur-Heat a spade, lire-shovel, or iroii plate red hot, sprinkle a tablospoouful of sulphur on it ¡ olosu tho doors aud windows, and leave it in thoroom for half an hour. Gurbollo acid (poison)-Sprinkle lt freely on boards and woodwork of tho rooms, taking caro it docs not touuh clothing, ourpetu, io,} pour a little into drains, &c.; In the Metropolitan District Court, on tho 17th, morning, au aotiou (Shurwood v. Zuooaul) to recover £2fi, tua ninount of u call due to the Australian Antimony Miniug Company on 2000 shares, was hoard and deoidcd in favour o plaintiff for £12 10s, tito amount of tho call, originally held hy tho defendant, Kuooiiui. Bovoral teohuloal points of law wero talton by tho defence, but that ohielly relied ou was tin alleged failure to prove tho due olectlou of a direotor lu tho pince of ono who had resinned. Tho plaintiff failing to provo a transfer to tho defendant ol' 1000 shares, ti verdict wns «Ivon by his Honor for plulntlff for £13 10s, bomg the amount w tho call on tho lOOO shares, originally hold by defendant. Mr, VVlndoyer, inslruotod by Messrs. Deane and Deane, for plaintiff; Mr. J. Davis, instructed by Messrs. Holdsworth «nd Brown, fer defendant. Au accident, which, the Western Independent regretsto say, terminated futally, occurred to a young man named Torcueo MaoOroary, a farmer, who Jiniited laud under Mr, Asho, ut tho White Kook, about four julies from Bath- urst, It appears that MaoOroary was riding a young, spirited horso, but not lu the direotiou or homo, us ho was thrown near Mr, Hancock's place, Ounnlngham's Crock, about eight miles from Bathurst. Tho aooldont must have occurred between four uud live o'clock ou Saturday afternoon, ns shortly after, he wns found on tho road insensible, and nt once conveyed to tho hospital at Bathurst, where he received tho attentions of Dr. Mnoluvttio. Ho failed to recover con- sciousness, however, and died on Sunday morning, at twenty minutes past twolvo. Ho was deorlbed to us as hoing in com- fortable circumstances-his little farm, especially, hearing evidence of much care. He leaves a wife anil young family of six children, A serious .accident happened on Sunday weeli to a woman named Mary Jane Barrett, the daughter of a far- mer living near Murrumburrah. She was out riding, and tho horse, being rather a skittish one, bolted, and ran her against n tree, breaking her right leg. The animal then com- menced to buck, but, being a good horsewoman, she snick to the saddle for a time, iu spite of her broken leg, but wus at last thrown, coming to the ground on her shoulder, nnd breaking her eollur-bono in two places. Here she remained unconscious for about an hour, when she was discovered by ber friends, who, seeing the horse como homo riderless, had taken the alarm, uud turned out to look for her. Without loss of time she was put into a cart and brought to the hos . vi tal, where tho fractures were reduced by Dr. Temple, but the jolting of travelling had irritated the hin ts, and she now lies iu considerable pain, though doing as well as can be «.u.,.l«rl A meeting of tho Balmain Co-opemtivo Steam Ferry Company took ¡placo at the Oddfellows' Hall, Balmain, on Wednesday evening. Mr. J. W. Walker in the chair. Tho attendance of shareholders was large, and the foll owing re- solutions were carried. Proposed by Mr. J. Booth and se- conded hy Afr. Hyland, «eur.-That this meeting do now proceed to elect four shareholders tor the purpose of winding up tho affairs of the company, and to talco possession of all moneys, books, papers, and the steamer built for the said company ; and that all other directors have no authority to take possession from rl is elute, 22nd April. Messrs. Sawyer, Hewitt, Pai-dey, and Burt were then elected to act in that respect, and on the proposition of Mr. Water- man, seconded by .Mr. Maxwell, it was agreed that tiley should form a deputation to wait upon the directors for demanding all books, moneys, and effects within 48 hours after application, und if not forthcoming within that period that they report to * meeting of shareholders with a view to taking legal proceedings. Tho meeting closed with tho usual vote of thanks to thc chairman. Lieutenant Colonel Richardson held his half yearly inspection of Nos. 9, 10, und ll butteries of the Volunteer Artillery, at Dawes Point BAttery, on lust Satiny day. The Commandant, with Captain Christie, Brigade Major, and Captain Baynes, ilrst inspected tho accoutre- ments of each urtilleryman, and then put the whole of the batteries through gun drill on the 42-pounder guns, which were mounted on traversing platforms. Captain Christie then exercised thc men in company drill. About 27 of tho cou-commsssioued oilicers were examined on guunery by tho Commandant, who passed 18 and rejected 9. Tho returns showed the muster to be ns follows : No. 9 battery, com- manded by Captain Wells, about 41 rank and tile ; No. 10, under Captain M'Donald's command, mustered about 38 rauk andlilo; No. ll battery was in charge of Sergeant Major Twoomy, and numbered about 44 rank and lile. On tho whole, the inspection was considered satisfactory. The Wilcannia Times reports that the body of a man named James Brown was found, on Saturday last, in the River Darling, near Mount Murchison station, on which he was employed. It appeared, from inquiries made by the police, that he left his hut on Saturday morning, and went to the river, about thirty yards off, and drowned himself. There was some difficulty at first to find his tracks. Con- stable Murphy, with some blacks, succeeded in discovering them, and after diving several times, the aborigines recovered the body about sixty yards from the place where deceased entered the river. The remains were decently interred on Sunday, the burial services being read by Mr. R. K. Frew. Deceased was in the habit of corresponding with a young man in the Adelaide Observer and Register office, and was a man well liked on the station. This is the fourth death which has taken place at Mount Murchison within a short period—one by poison, and three by drowning. A public meeting of free-selectors, convened by advertisement, ** to consider the advisability of forming an association for properly representintt thc requirements and views of conditional purchasers in reference to the laud laws generally, aud matters connected with tile proper administra- tion thereof," was held at the Council-chambers, Wagga Wagga, on Saturday afternoon last. Before the meeting commenced, subscription to assist Mr. Joachim in lils action against Sir John O'shannassy were solicited. The sums sub- scribed, together with amounts previously subscribed, brought the total to Lill 4s. Mr. Rogers was appointed trea- surer of the fund. Mr. Wm. M'Entyre took the chair. After adiscussion of a conversational nature. Mr. S. Fennell moved That this meeting pledges itself to co-operate with kindred societies. A committee was elected, and the proceedings ter- minated with ii vote of thanks to the chairman, it being decided that the first meeting of the committee should take place at the Council-chamber on Saturday, the 25th instant, at 2 p.m. The long-talked-of bridge over the Hunter, says tke Cassilis correspondent of the Maitland Mercury, is no more now. Fine weather hus set in for a time, and the bridge over tile Hunter, at any point between Denman and tl io li rook, is allowed to pass away unnoticed, and ns if the public did not require such a structure across the noble, but dangerous Hunter. Now is the timo for the Denmanites and the surrounding districts to agitato tho movement now or never, for I can safely asutreyouthat Cassilis and thoneghbour hood will not bo again annoyed, and put to the inconvenience with their property being detained in Musolebrook through the river. No, wo will have our goods brought per traiu to Scone and direct on. So that Denman and the Brook will lose a large amount of support, which they are at present deriving bj' tile traillo from our districts, and if weare visited with another such flood as the lust, all property must como the Scone route, and then tho bridge over the Hunter will be a word of tho past. I am afraid tho matter has been left too long, und all I can saj' to my Denman friends I wish you maj' get a bridge, but I doubt it much. Tho Riverine Advertiser reports a very hard case : A poor woman named Bradley was summoned to appear as a witness in the Toganmain poisoning case, and had to travel fifty miles to Hay to give evidence, which was of no import- ance. She travelled along in mud and water, and most of the distance she walked. She arrived wet, and in a very sad con- dition, at Mr. Frank Johns's selection at 3 in the morning. She was then shoeless, having lost her shoes in the mud. Knocking up Mr. Johns, she was kindly received by him and Mrs. Johns. Her clothes were dried, and she was fed, and soon she passed on to Hay. After giving her evidence, the P.M. said : "You can go home, my good woman ; we shan't want you any more." The P.M. had no fund from which to compensate the unfortunate witness. Mr. Johns, with his usual kindness, put his horses in his buggy, and had the woman driven home, thus performing the act of a good Samaritan. Surely Government ought to pay witnesses under such circumstances for their loss of time and travelling expenses. In this case Mrs. Bradley, whose husband is a selector of forty acres, left her seven children at home in charge of a daughter aged nine years. The Manar o Times reports a mooting of free selectors Held ut Bombala, on Monday, (tte lath instant, for tlio purpose of giving expression lo opinion upon the recent cancelling of tho sélections taken up at Dele- gate. Mr. H. Kesterton, .T.P., toole tho chair. Mr. James moved tho first resolution-" That in tho opinion of this meeting the action of tho Land Depart nient in indis- criminately forfeiting or cancelling soleotions at Delegate and elsewhere in tho district is Illegal and highly censurable." Tho motion wus seconded hy Mr. A. J, Joseph and carried. Mr. J. H. Scevy moved the second resolution-" That sub- scription lists bo opened for tho purpose of obtaining a sur- veyor to survey Delegate ; utter that, a deputation to walt on Mr. Grahame, nnd have it placed beforo the House." This was also carried. After a discussion, a deputat ion was elected to walt upon Mr. Grahame, and request that gentleman to call for a return of alt documents relating to tho Delegate solocllousin the Uonso. The deputation waited upou Mr. Grahame, who declined on account of tho lateness of tho session. Ile, however, admitted tho injustice of the acts of the department, and recommended the selectors to hold possession of the land they hud taken up, nnd iu tho mean- time to send an agent to Sydney,-At au adjourned meeting, along discussion ensued, and ultimately lt was proposed, seconded, and carried-'* That au association bo formed, to be called tho Bombala Preu- Selectors' Association." A ooni mittceof live, to muuago tho affairs of the association, was also appointed, A rather amusing instance of tho "biter bit" occurred at tho police court this week. Captain Lane, of the Ella Gladstone, on Monthly, charged two of lils seamen with unlawfully assaulting him. It transpired that the men had been induced lo sign articles in which, us Mr. Hannon, one of tito presiding justices, remarked, Uluru wau no mutuality ; that ls, the captain hud the option of discharging the acumen nt any period lie thought proper after engagement, but the seamen conld not, unless tho captain permitted, lcavo tile vessel until tho expiration of^the full term of their agreement (six months). Mr. Hannell said this arrangement was both one-sided, unfair, and impropor ; but it did not justify 'tho assault, and tho mon were accordingly punished-ono receiving two months' imprisonment, and tito other being lined 10s. On Wednesday the matter agalu cropped up, hut in t his case tho captain was tho defendant, the charge being that the articles were not properly exhibited hy him as' required by the Merchant Shipping Act, before tito mon signed. Mr. Nicholson uppeared for the complainant Black (previously tined 10s for the assault) ; and Mr. Capper for tho défendant, who pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s and costs. Wo are informed that several other similar cases are to bo brought on by the crew.-Pilot. Au inquest was held on Saturday last, at the residonce of the deceased, nt Carrangara, Byng, on tho body of Thomas Merrit t, who mot his death ou the afternoon of tho day previous, whilst ut work in cue of tho shafts of tho Carrangara Copper Mine. Tho cause of the accident maj' be gathered from tho evidence of .Tohn lillis, who deposed: I am a miner, working for thu Carrangara Copper-Mining Compauj'. Yesterday afrcrnoou, about 3 o'clock, I was working in tho drive in tho Coadj' shaft, along with deceased und Walter Bolitho. I was about two feet from the deceased; the deceased and myself were putting in a set of timbers ; we had put in one set ; wo thought that was secure, and were about to take out tho old one, and whilst removing the cap of thc old set, tho now cap slipped, and the timber (tho back lathes) carno away with it ; in con- sequence a quantitj* of broken debris ¿imo down upon deceased and completely covered him ; I and Walter Bolitho managed to escape, aud reached thc mouth of tho shaft; I heard deceased call out for help when tho first fall took place, hut I aud Bolitho wcro linallie to reach him; a second fall of tho debris afterwards look place ; I heard deceased call several times for holt), but I was unable to render it. Tho jury returned a verdict ol' accidental death. The Hay correspondent of the Jtiverine Advertiser gives a graphic but wretched account of the stato of som o parts of the Darling country. Ho writes: '* What promised to bo a fatal accident occurred on Tuesdaj' week, on ono of the creeks on tho high- way between tho Lachlan and Darling tho Tallywalka, between Booligal and Wilcannia). Mr. Alfred Desailly, Mr. Walter Wren, and Mr. Bowes Kellj' were crossing the creek ou a raft-it upset, precipitating them into the deep water, and tiley were nc'rh/nil three ¡drowned. Mr. Kellj'swam, and walked through the water, for four hours, and to his bravely und perseverance the three were saved from drown- ing, air. Kellj' ought to have a medal from the Humane Society for Iiis exertions and their happy result. Between Booligal aud Wilcanuia there aro two bits of countrj' sub- merged in floods to thu extent of about seven miles each track. Across these waters tho passengers (for it is on the Queen's highway) aro com polled to trust their lives to a canoe or boat sometimes, indeed geuorallj', drawn bj' the coach horses that swim in front of the canoe or bout. Au occasional lifo is lost-a white man und a black man wero drowned Inst year while crossing ; I believe that they were on horseback. Two briclses are required here, or perhaps three, I and some sort of a road ought tobo made above the level of I ordinary storm water, or wo shall soon hear of tho loss of lifo to a serious extent, for the country, in tho rear of tho Lachlan and Darling, is becomingrapidlj' stocked. Tlie following paragraph from the Sheffield Bally Telegraph, concerning Dr. vaughan, tho Roman Catholic Co- adjutor Archbishop of Sydney, and the remarkable Hereford-, shire family of which he is a distinguished member, will be read, says the Brisbane Courier, with interest : " Dr. Vaughan is the eldest son of Colonel Vaughan, of Courtficld, Hereford- shire. He was educated at Stonyhurst, with the view of en- tering tile army. He would have cut a capital figure iu the Guards, but (hko ali his brothers but one; chose the ' reli- gious' life. Roger Bede Vaughan, who has been appointed (coadjutor) Archbishop of Sydney, is one of the handsomest men in England. Kcnelm, the third son, is a ' secular' priest ; the fourth. Jerome, a Benedictine monk ; Frank, the lifth, is to succeed Ids father as a conutry squire ; Bernard, tho sixth, is a Jesuit priest ; and Reginald, the seventh, has just received orders as a 'secular' priest. The sisters, like the brothers, have all save one chosen the * religious' life. Miss Vaughan is at the Visitation Convent at Boulogne, an institution of the same order as that of Paray le-Mouial ; Theresa was a Sister of Charity, and died iu Lon don. Clave, the third daughter, died at tho Convent of the Boor Clares at Amions. She was noted for the gentleness of her character and for the great austerities she practised, and having died in the odour of sanctity, her memory is held in veneration at Amiens. The fourth daughter, Mary, is at the Augustinian Convent at Abbotsleigh, near Newton Abbot ; and the fifth, Margaret, is at borne with her father. This is a somewhat extraordinary specimen of devotion on thc part of nearly a whole large family to the * religious' life." The Report for 1873 on the Gladesville Hospital for the Insane, by Dr. Manning, tüc medical superintendent;, laid before tbe Legislative Assembly cm Monday last, contains the following statements : At the end of 1873 there were 561 patients in tho hospital, au increase of 87 over the number at the end of 1872. The total number under care during tho year was 770. There were 214 admissions to the reception house, of whom 8 were discharged recovered, ll to tho care of friends, 190 to the hospital, Gladesville, and 5 remained on tlio 31st December. The chief causes of anxiety during the past year were mental anxiety (expressly including that caused by mining (speculation), isolation (in the case of " tho lonely shepherd," and of those " who have no relatives nearer than the old country,, no family ties in this, no settled home, and no permanent interest"), hereditary taint, congenital mischief, intempérance, sun- stroke, injury to the head, epilepsy, fever, ill-health and destitution, and old age. Tho average percentage of recoveries, as com oared with admissions, for tile last live years bas been 38' 14 yearly. In 1873, tho recoveries were only 33'78 per cent, of tho admissions. Tho deaths were only 5'71 per cent, of the average Humber resident; at Parramatta asylum the death rate was lower still ; and in the whole of the asylums it was 15'85. Tho avorago death rate in English asylums, for fourteen years has been 10"24. Tho proportion of the ascertained number of insano persons to tho total popu- lation is now 1 in 367 in this colony ; in 1872 it was 1 in 374 ; in that year it was in England I in 387, and in Victoria 1 in 340\. The increase of 139 during the past two years in the number of insane persons under caro in this colony has encroached on tho accommodation provided for them. The medical superintendent urgently presses on the attention of tlie Government tho necessity of enlarging the accommoda- tion. Many efforts have been made to ameliorate tho condi- tion of these aililcted people. But without ample spaoo it is impossible to alford them tho best chancos of recovery. To enforce his views on this subject heqttotes thc five resolutions passed ut a meeting of tho medical superintendents of Ameri- can institutions forillo insane, held in 1873, who emphatically accorded their convictions on tho evil and danger of admitting a greater number of patients than tho buildings can properly accommodate, und ou tho humanity expediency, and economy for every State making ample provision for all its insane. Messrs. Farmer and Company, of Viotoria House, Pitt-street, lmvo issued ii " (luzetto of Fashion for gentle- men," containing four pintes of costumes illustrating tuc most recent london aud Purls fashions. Thone plates have hoon splendidly lithographed hy Messrs. b. T. leigh, of Hunter-street, and, with tho cover of tho brochure, us a specimen of illuminated printing rcllect tho utmost credit upon the artists. Prom tho letterpress considerablo informa- tion maj' be derived ; for Instuuce, it is staled that notwith- standing the high price of wool, and the apparent scarcity of labour in tho home market, they (Messrs. Farmer mid Com- pany) do not remember a season in which novoltles in woollen materials have been moro freely introduced. In another pago thej' furnish, through tho courtcsj' of Afr. T. S. Mort, tho following recipe for waterproofing woollen cloth, under tho head of " Something worth know- ing:" "The 'lounger'of tho lllustratnil 7'tw«*suj's: 'Touch- ing waterproofs, I think I can give travellers a valuable hint or two. For many j'oars I have worn indlarubhor water- proofs, hut I will buy no moro, for I have learned that good Scottish tweed can bo made impervious to rain ; and, more- over, I have learn,cd ho.w to mako it so -, and, for tho benefit of mj' readers. I will hero givo tho receipt : In a bucket of soft water put half a pound of sugar of lead and half a pound of powdered alum ¡ stir this at inturvals until it becomes clear; thou pour it off into another bucket, and put tho gar- ment therein, and let it bo in for twenty-four hours, and thou hang it up to dry without wringing it. Two of mj' party - a lady and gentleman-have worn giirniout.4 thus treated lu tho wildest storms of wind und rain without getting wet. Tho rain hangs upon the cloth in globules. In «hort, thoj' are really water- proof. Tho gcnflenuiu, a fortnight ugo, walked nine miles in a storm of rain and wind such as j'ou rarely soo In the south, und when ho slipped off lils overcoat, lils underclothes were us dry us whou ho put. thom on. This is.Itlilnk.u secret worth knowing, for cloth, if it can bu mudo to keep out wot, is In ovory way bettor than what wo know us waterproofs," Mr, Mort asks : " ll' Scottish tweed answers so well, why not AustralianP" Messrs. Farmer and Co.'s reply is, that their colonial tweeds answer admirably, aud they aro now sup- plying their fri on (ls willi ovorcoalB or suits waterproofed under the ubave method. It appears that, tho bulk of tho colonial tweeds aro manufactured bj' Messrs. Byrnes and Co., of Parramatta. A correspondent of k\\\Q Deniliquin Cltroniclcwritos cheerily of the farming prospects of the district. Tho late ruins, fie saj's, succeeded bj' weathor unusuullj' hot for tho season, have caused tho grass and herbage to spring up almost magicallj'. Marshmallows aro found to liavo grown an inoh a daj* for tho last fortnight. North, south, east, and west thu country is covered with verdure, and both squatters und selectors maj' nialia their minds casj'for tho next few months on tho score of feed. Every dam and reservoir in tho district is full to overflowing, nnd tho « round is thoroughly saturated to the depth of wino inches. Tho rain could notSJiavo been moro seasonable,. as, ! had it como a month hitor, tho weather would . probably havo been too cold for tho, grass , to spring. Ch» ff is worth Lil to LIO per ton und stocks low ; the consequence is tho plough is busy everywhere, and tho land is in line order for cultivation. The wheat crown Instj'ear in tho district was only a small fraction of the quantity required for local consumption, mid hcnvilj' laden waggons aro to bo seen bringing Hour from Wahgunyah and other places, liny grown here, too, is fur short of requirements, und teams being scarce, and carriage high, prices must advance, and our far- mers will have tho pleasure of seeing a large amount of money going to other places, which ought to have found its way into their pockets. A much larger consumption niuj' bo looked for next j'oar, as the ruilwaj' '.must surely bo under way by that time ; and teamsters aro bound to make tho terminus their headquarters. They will evidently locate themselves on tho north side of the river, and givo an impetus to that part of the town. Selectors appear to be settling there alto, and the traille all concentrating from that direc- tion ; a good market will ho found without incurring tho expenses ol' the loll bridge. Taking Echuca as a parallel ease, our conjectures cannot bo fur out, us that town at once* advanced from a quiet hamlet to an important commercial centre. Ll town lots were subdivided and sold at long prices lier foot, and thus many unido largo fortunes. It at once became au emporium for merchandise of all kinds. Stores, building materials, &c;, aro now slocked there in quantities out of all comparison with previous stocks, buildings went up in all directions, and butchers, bakers, and tradesmen of all kindB were eager applicants for them. This is tho hiBtoiy of Echuca, and it will repeat itself in Deniliquin if tho world goes round as usual. A pleasing and highly successful tea party and miscellaneous entertainment, to celébrate tho sixth anni- versary of tho Enniskillen Loyal Orango Lodge Nd. 23, was held, on Tuscday, in tile Botany- road schoolroom. Tho walls were dressed with gay hags and festoons of ever- greens. At the north end of tho room a decorated platform was improvised, over which hung tito beautiful banner of tho lodge. Upwards of 350 persons (tho fair sex predominating) sat down to a substantial social repast ot tea, cake, fruit, &c.; After full justice had been done to tito good things provided, the tables were cleared, and an excellent pro- gramme, comprising ventriloquial feats, songs, recitations, &c;, was gone through. His worship tho;Mayorof Sydney, Mr. S. S. Goold, Worshipful Grand Master of the lodge, ollioiated us chairman, and declined to inflict on the audieuco a speech, as ho thought tho principles of tho Orango Institution were too popular to advert to on tho present occa- sion, which was one for general entertainment. Mr. T. W. Craven opened tho cntertuinmcnt by playing selections from tile opera of " The Crown Diamonds," on tho pianoforte. Mr. lt. Chandler then sang with much taste and feeling the pathetic song "Tho Bridge of Sighs." Next, came the ballad, "Sing me an English song," by a lady amateur, which was so pleasingly rendered as to elicit a well-merited encore. Brother Mason followed with a capital recitation, entitled" Jealousy,"nfter which Mr. Craven sang "Molly Darling," and Mr. Chnudlcr, with n gentleman amateur, rendered the duet, "Larboard Watch/'with much expression. Mr. Craven obtained an encore. Mr. A. Burne then created oreat merriment by his inimitable and humorous rendition of I the seriocomic song, " The Belle of the Ball." ,In response toa hearty recall, Mr. Burne, with mucheffect.suncacomio parody on tho well-known song, " Just before tho Battle, M other." Both songs wero" sung in character. A powerful brass band, stationed iu' tho gallery, closed the first part by executing choice selections of dance music. This band beguiled tho tea- time with operatic music. During tho intermission con- fectionery and fruit were sent round and discussed by tho audience. Tho principal feature of tho evening was Mr. H. Benson Lee's illustrations of ventriloquism, which were a clover imitation of Val Vose's feats. The other items wero the songs, "Tho Southern Cross," by Mr. Chandler; "Terry O'ltanu," by a gentleman amateur; "Liquid Gem," hy a lady amateur ; " Little Brown Jug," by Mr. Craven ; and "Oh, don't I wish Mother would come," by Mr. Burne; Mr. Langley recited "The African Chief." Mr. Craven acted as accompanist. Tile National Anthem closed the pro- ceedings at half- past 10 o'clock. Tho arrangements made by the committee were complete in every particular, aud tho attention paid by them to tho visitors during tho entertain- ment elicited expressions of unmistakable approval. Financially the soiree was a marked success. Tho concerts of No. 25 are always looked forward to with anxious anticipa- tion, and theso annual convivialities increase in general nonularitv. On Friday last, Mr. David Dudley Field, the eminent Americuu jurist who, with Iiis family is on his way from India, was entertained at u picnie on tho Zigzag, at which Bir Alfred Stephen, tho Honorables II. Parkes, G. A. Lloyd, D. Maclean, G. W. Allen, and Lieutenant- Colonel St. John, Messrs. H. H. Hail, Nelson and Stewart, M.L.A., and a number of other gentlemen, with on equal number of ladles were present. On the return journey at Mount Vic- toria luncheon was served, and after the tablo was cleared Sir Alfred Stephen proposed th? toast of "our guest." i In iespouse to the toast, Mr, Field said; "When thoahuir j man uuuouuccd that he would now call upon Sir Alfred Stephen to propose a toast appropriate to the place and tho i occasion, I thought he wus about to propose a toast in honour of the Queen, for wo are now upon Mount Victoria; audi said to myself, bow heartily will we, Republicans us wo arc, join in a toast to this foremost woman of all tho world. ("Ap- plause.) But since Sir Alfred Stephen-durum et vcncrahila ?io»ien-has proposed atoast in honour of my wife and myself, I must express her thanks and minc for tho honour you have dono us in drinking the toast. Lot me say UIBO that on her behalf and on my own, and I think I may say on behalf of tho other Americans present-Mr. Hall (our consul) und his wife, who, though English born, is also an Americau by matrimonial right- that wo thank you for this most interesting excursion along thin wonderful railway, amidst this magnificent scouery. Indeed Imay, I think, express : he feelings of all tho guostu present when I say that wo feel ourselves under great obliga- tions to Mr, Barites (Colonial Secretary), to Mr. Lloyd ithe Treasurer), and their colleagues, who have done us tho honour to bring us among these mountains on this beautiful day to see ono of tho most magiiillcent engineering works ot tho world. 1 huvo long felt an interest in Australia, and my interest has been increased by all that I have seen sinco I ar - rived. I carno through struutro lands to find myself here not a stranger. From Italy to Egypt, from Egypt to Indiu, from India to Coylou, and from Ceylon to Australia, I carno lo lind hero English communities in English homes, witliEntrlish institutions. Mauy a time since wo arrived have I listened to tito chimes ringiiig out, us I have often heard thom in the green lanes and merry villages ol' England. Australia appears lo mo to bo a country with a great future before it. You huvo accomplished groat things already ; you will accomplish moro hereafter. You of Australasia-and I include in this term not only Australia, but Now Zealand und Tasmania-you of Aus- tralasia Bland hero face to face with Asia, having on ono hand Europe, and on tho other America. It is your lot to domi- nate ovort lin southern hemisphere. Whatever muy bo youv futuro form of Government, however close or relaxed tho tl» with England, the mon who inhabit Australasia will control thu vast regions of thu southern hemisphere. Your closest ito ls, of course, with the British Islands ; but while with one hand you grus)) the girdle of England, I beg you to reach out the other towards us, who desire to shake hands with you across tho I'aoillo sea. (Applause.) Slr Alfred hus said that we aro kinsmen. Wu aro indeed bound toKothor by tho lie ot race and language, nnd I rejolou that Englishmen, with Eng- lish laws and English manners, have eslabllshcd their domi- nion In this ipiavlor of the globe.' (Applause.) I wish to soo all our nations carrying their language tiwi their laws to tho extonljof tholr power, I believe that by your efforts and ours, by thu efforts of Englishmen und thu descendants of English- men, tho English lunguugo will hereafter become thu pre- dominant language of tho world. When I arrived In Australia I fotmd that your motto was ? Advunco Australia,' and that your colonial ling hud on it tho stars ol' thu ' Southern Cross.' Allow ino to ox press Ibo hope t hat your motto will novorhu changed,mid that I ho " Southern Cross," as lt passes with its atloudimt stars nightly across tho sky, will shine through all future ages upon a I ree, prosperous, and happy Australasia." (Applause.) Tho party then returned tu town. 