THE SEED UPON STONY GROUND A SERMON BY C. H. SPURGEON. "And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had no depth of earth; but where the sun was up, it was sco[?]hed; and because it had no root, it withered away. —Mark iv. 5, d. The mapel seed, according to the parable, falls upon all kinds of *otl Some of it* precious grain* drop upon tbe hard pathway, aotne upon the rock, some amongst the thorns, and only a pae-toon, periiapa a smaller pro portion than one in four, falls upou good ground, in which H finds a congenial abiding-place. The preaclier, therefore, will not meet with unmixed aucceae vi ail di rections. He may look for a full recompense from his weak a* a whole, but he mast not fondly suppose that everywhere the good word will become effectual; for in many H will be a asvoar of dearth unto death, and not of life onto life. Even when Jesus preached but few re ceives Him, and of Paul's ministry it ia recorded that ''aotne believed the thing* which were spoken, and aotne believed not" It is for the beginner in holy service to go forward with rasaonaple expectation*, lest he should ere long weary- of the work and leave it because of his bitter diaapriomtanents. Mark, with care, tliat the sower in the parable is not blamed for having aeattared hi* seed upon soil which proved to be unproductive; not a word of censure is re corded against him on that account; from which it ia fair to infer that he did no more and no leas than hit duty, and that the minister of Christ ia to scatter the seed of the goapel broadcast among all ......n>^ | t j, Gods work to direct tbe wiving word into the chosen beasts which He has prepared to receive it, but as for ua, oat are to preach the gospel ta> every creature, and going out into the streets and laraaa of the city, aa many aa we find we are to bad to the supper. Many are called, bat few are chosen; it waa never intended that the external call should be as narrow a* the election ; yet there are aome miniater* Whose pMaening eowrist* far more of an analysis of soils than of s aowiiig of seed. Leaving the analyzing of the soil «b Cod, I take niy tnmraisakmfrom Hia hands and desire to fulfil it. Stony-ground liearer there ia a bandfol ef seed for you: you Who are hard like the trodden road, there ia a teradful for you ; and even santwig the thorna, which are plentiful enough in thia agai shall the good aaed fall like a heavenly shower ; and if Obd shall gracioualy direct it to Hi* own chosen, and ♦Joey, like the good ground, shall receive it, it will be Hia doing, it will never be effected by any skill of mine It ia mine to sow betide all waters, and Hi* to give the . jntmaae. The beat atoot that wsa ever made with bow and arrow was taken at a venture, and Ahab the king waa pierced brtween tbe Joint* of his liarneas; so also* while drawing my bow to rareach the geepel to erery creature, my faith Beats ecausVlatit that the Lord will direct tbe arrow, and eafcet Hia pttrpoaes of grace. I feel that I have very antarnn work on baud. I have always pleasure in preaching upon encouraging topics, but this morning my thine* are for sifting and testing. We have to eawl with certain apparently good people, and to show that they are not what they aeein. We have to pat corn from the barn-floor into the sieve, and it may be there will be much chaff to be Mown Sway ; thia ia an operation not pleaaant to the flesh, aad one which weeds much of tbe Spirit of God that we may perform it aright, lest the weak ones be sorely troubled, which is far eiMugh from oar desire. Solemn discourse should have a aotemn heart to utter it, and aoaranii bearta to hear it: may God grant it may he co at this time, that tbe aanaon may be greatly pioerUbae to every one of v*, whether prof eaators of the gospel or not. Firat, we shall read the hiatorv ef stone-ground hearers; aseondly, we shall mark the radical defect of their character; and, thirdly, we shall try and learn a leaaon from tbe whole. L First, we have here a brief biography of certain IfasVeinrs of religion. Let aa read it carefully. It ia tnidof them, ant, that they heard the word. "These a** they which are aown on stony ground; who, when they have heard tbe word, immediately receive it with rfadneaa." They enjoyed the great privilege/of hearing Oed'a word. They heard the real goapeL they did net attend upon ritualistic falsehood*, or philosophic specu tattoos; it was the word which they beard. The sower did Rot sow tares, bat be sowed good corn. How happy are tbore who aft tutder a downright' goapel ntiniatry*t May God be pleaaed to multiply such ministries every where, and tbe krvers of them I How can we expect salvation to come to oa if we do not bear the soul-saving goapel? If we are listening merely to opinions and notions, and rrhiloarsjhtea and superstitions, and not to the vary word of God, we cannot expect to find sal vation. Hve Holy Ghost does not save juen by mean* of lies, but if we hear the truth aa it ia in Jesus, we may hope that He wiU make it cafoctual to our conversion. Remember, next, that bearing ia not enough. ''Hearers only" will oat aattar heaven ; there muat be a drake of the weed a* well sa a soaring of it. These >e*ftae ware good bearesa, capital bearers, for they went further than bearing—they received tbe word; not hi the divine power er suraanrataral eflscacy of it, but they nawertheleat received it, that ia to say they never cavilled at it, they assented to it as they beard it, and aeeogniaed it aa God'a truth. Receiving it, it produced an effect upon them. They were, in a measure, impressed by h. If tbe sermon spoke of tbe wrath of God on account of sinl they were alarmed. If it told them of the love of Goff in Christ Jesus, they were encouraged. They did not always hear with dry eye*; they were not alwav* like tbe seats they aat upon, unmoved and stolid ; but they received the word, it stirred their affections and their emotion*, they felt its moving eafecta, and were thus led tojmtny changes of life. They went home and swept the cratjnbers which had been full of fihhine**: they row need, at any rate, the oatside of their cups anil platters, and took care that the sepulchre, if not cleansed of the dead men's bones, should be decently whitewashed, so aa to shock no passer by. They were improved and reformed externally by what they heard, and *o far they received it And there ia this (aid abeat them iv the third place, that they received it iamnedtately. In them it excited no questions, doubts, or oonflict*. The preacher said, "Thia ia the word of God," and they were content to believe Him, though they knew mot why. While other minds were asking for the authority of the message, and then, having recognised tbe authority, were battling bard with a thousand diaaculties, these persons saved themselves a world of trouble by never thinking at all It waa their father's religion and their mother's religion, therefore they believed it ; they owaUowed the piU with their eyes shut, caring nothing whether it was God's truth er Satan's lie. Anything like spiritual mastication of the doctrine they did not attempt, bat they endorsed wholesale whatever they were taught Priests themselves eastld not desire more plastic material. These bearers had no hard struggling* to get at the Saviour, no sense of sin to hold them back, no horror* of conscience to make them afraid, no alarm* lest they should not be the Lord's own people after all, no testings sad aiftinga to see whether they possessed real repentance and acceptable faith. They sprang into religion as a man may leap into at bath, head over heels at one*. They said, " Sorely thia ia the right thing, and we will have it;" and after a certain aort they did have it: not with any depth of con sideration or weight of judgment, bnt immediately they received the word. It ia added, they received it with gladness. The im mediate effect on receiving the word waa to make them very happy ; and there are not a few who suppose that to be made very happy is a sure sign of being converted. Believe me, it is a very dubious sign indeed. No doubt one grand effect of tbe reception of the gospel into the heart ia to bring joy and peace through believing ; but there are many kinds of joy, and many sorts of peace ; and there ia a joy which ia not the fruit of grace, but the' growth of nature, and a peace which comes from delusion, and not from the Spirit of God. We mu»t take care we do not conclude that we are safe because we nre "so happy." The rich man who went to hell was happy when he fared sumptuously every day ; tbe farmer, who said he would pull down hia barns and build greater, was i happy when he surveyed hia stores; and to was tbe from tbsaywhich i-Ske frvdtof the Spirit ThedbJLJm "sniT^The^.-V^l* •"* vt «"P^3s sivaajr. There, aSsd the atony-ground hearer. "there ZZXZtf*; "2£ t**™ Ci,^n•*-*»■ *■*£ seen her in deep trial borne up by the Spirit of God ; 1 have marked her whs* we have had death* in the house, and seen ul and quiet she has been ; 1 will lay hold on Chnst, for then I shall be as happy as she is. " These stony-ground hearers thought what a happy thtnr it must be to be forgiven : and so, indeed, it isrbut they J^S iUrS. U *"**;*"?* J°**> Psrdoned, to be a child of God, to be acceirted in the Beloved, what precious things these must be! And what a delightful thing to be num bered with God s saints, to go to the communion table and to be thought much of in the church! Are not aU these ways of pleasantness ? And to go to heaven at last to die triumpliantly, to be taken up to dwell where Jesus is amidst the glory; what joyful things ! Who doubts [ it ? But these people dwelt only upon this view of the matter, and did not recollect tliat between this and heaven there are temptations to he oombatted and to be overcome, trials to be endured, stern trials, too, thaough which we can only be brought by divine help Right arms must be cut off, and right eyes must be plucked out; there are costs to be counted, and reckonings to be made, aa to whether the future wul repay for the labors of the present Youthful Hopefuls vow that they will have the brave country of Canaan, but they do not recollect the roughness of the road thither. Like Pliable, they set out far the Celestial City, but they have not reckoned upon the Slough of Despond, and therefore after the first mouthful of mud they are ready to turn hack, and let those have the brave country who care for it; aa for them* if they can keep whole bones in their body, they wiU be well content to let the future go as It may. These people, then, immediately received the word with joy. How hopeful all this must have looked to the sower! Do you not see how easily ministers may be de ceived » When you have only to preach, and men are willing to hear; only to preach, and men are willing to receive,—to receive the gospel at once, without causing you any difficulty in arguing with them ; when they receive it with gladness, and you have not the trouble to cheer them up, and to meet their doubts and anxieties with a thousand promises selected out of the word of God; is not this splendid work, which will richly repay the sower? Alas, we must not reckon our fruit by our buds! All is not gold that glitters, and it is not every •sjgthat wul be batched We read yet farther that these characters made rapid progress,—they sprang up because they had no depth of earth ; because of their shallow soil they were very rapid in their growth. These people heard the gospel one day, received it, and felt sure that they were saved ; at once they were fuU of joy and transport, and hastened to make a profession. They did not require time to sit down and see whether they could bear out chat profession, or seek Sice that they might not run before they ware called ; t away they went, just aa if a spark had been dropped into so much powder. They made a profession, and the next week they were teaching in the Sunday-acnooL They were so sure they were on the right road, that they were vexed with other pilgrims who did not travel so rapidly. When they heard of Christians being anxious aa to their condition, they said, " What nonsense! What raaaon was there for it*" If they saw a ileep-taught Christian tremblingly examining himself, they said, " Oh, you must not look at ail to yourself ; never con sider what U going on within." They liad received a one sided gospel only, and that quite contented them ; but as to anything like the work of the Spirit of God in the soul, and the holy jealousy which is one of the best fruits of vital godliness, theme they onfte dispensed with. They were going to drag the church behind them, and drive the world before them ; and very soon they mould dis tance even the ministry which had beau tin means, as they aaid, of their conversion. They grew from hyaioaa on the wail to cedars of Lebanon in about a week. They ware the men, and wisdom mould die with them. Grand work to have to deal with them, is not it? We ""■*)! see by-and-by, and shall have to learn that not every stem that puts foith leaves is a fruit-bearing branch. In due time, according to the parable, came tlie trial. The.seed was up, and soon the sun was up too, aud began to scorch it. None will get to lieaven without being tried on the road. Ask concerning those who stand in their white robes before the throne of God, who are those, and whence came they ? And the answer will be, " These are they that came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb." There is not a fragment of gold in all God's temple but what has passed through the fire. Untried faith is no faith, untried grace is no gaace. God will try His people, and discern between the precious and the vile. According to the Saviour's explanation of the text, the trial came in the form of persecution. Ah ! how many there are who have received the word with gladness, who, if there were a stake in Smithfield, would very soon drop the profession of Christianity, for it would be too hot for them ; or if there were a prison ready for tliem in which they must lie till the moss grew on their eyelids, they would soon forsake the truth and turn aside to error. We need not be much afraid of the revival of such tests, but there are other forms of persacutiou which mere pro fessors are equally unable to bear. A sneer in society ; a remark against Christianity from a person whom you are accustomed to respect; a look from some one who is above you in wealth, as he despises you for professing to be a follower of Christ; unkind remarks from a father, opposition from a husband, the desertion of acme young companion with whom you hoped your life would be linked ; such matters—nothing like the stake or the prison—are yet quite sufficient to overcome flimsy pro fessors, so that they are offended, and turn their backs upon the religion which they ones so quickly espoused In many instances to follow principle would involve a great loss in business: they cowld not afford to incur such a loss. If Christ could he had at a cheaper rate, they would have Him ; but to lose all the treasures in Egypt ! No, they could not do that; aud so they renounce against that Christ whom they once called their aU- in-all With others ft has not been such a trial as that, but providential affliction. I painfully remember a man and his wife, who were members of this church for some time, and it was certainly true, as they affirmed, that from the very hour they made profession of religion they began to be in trewkaa- rassd Ssssufsiu tbij renounced the conaoiation because of the «**Ktftn, for they drew the conclusion that surely they could not he the people of God, or else God would not have so tried theui—a conclusion the reverse of the teachings of Scripture. Many will have Christ if He will pat them on the cheek, but not if He flog them with the rod. They wul foUow the Lord while He is on the giving hand, but they cannot believe in a God who takes away. They can bless Hiiu while He en riches them, but they know nothing of that Job-like faith which exclaims, " The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away ; blessed be the name of the Lord." Or, perhaps, it may be that when tbey first made a profession of religion they did not know much about the temptations of life, but now they have moved from home they have obtained a situation where there are young men who tell them of haunts of pleasurable vice ; or they have left the circle of godly people in which they once moved, and are cast amongst ungodly ones, and, alas, their mouths are watering for the sweets of the world: the basilisk of sinful pleasure has cast a spell over them, and now Christ may go for Belial, true religion for world liness, and following God for the indulgence of the flesh. Ah, how often is this the case! Or, perhaps; another shining of the sun has come upon them. They thought they behaved the gospel but they have fallen among debaters; they are surrounded by a sceptical circle, where they have heard arguments they never beard before, and never having weighed anything, or considered the reason why they believed in God and his Christ, they are quite staggered They have no depth of earth, no root-hold of the truth by conviction, and solemn judgment of it; and so as soon as they meet with an atheist or a deist, or a sceptic of any form, they are like thistledown before the wind. Having no ballast in their vessel, the first breeze oversets them, and they an lost. What a grand thing it is to be established in the faith, rooted, grounded, settled. I remember reading of one who said, " When I read the arguments brought by infidels against the gospel, I laugh them to scorn, because they are nothing like so deep, cunning, or hard to answer as the arguments which my own heart has brought against the Lord in years gone by, which having answered and overcome, I fail myself more than a match for the puny oppositions of ungodly man." It is a grand thing not to be moved in these sceptical times, but to know the Lord by secret intercourse with Him, to know His truth by inner consciousness, aud by a devout reading of His word with eyes opened from above. Alas, many hearers and receivers of the word have been destroyed by carping infidels; they knew nothing thoroughly, and so were readily deceived. It is said of the stony-ground people that immediately they were offended They were just as soon out of love with the gospel as they were in with it " Immediately they were offended." They did not at first stop to enquire why they should be Christians, and now tliey do not stop to argue why they should renounce their profession. ' They took-their religion hot from the oven, and dropped it Before it was cool enough to feed on. Somebody said, " Believe, believe, believe!" and they were excited ; and now another speaker says, "Do not believe; do not believe!" and they are excited the other way. They went in with a crowd of others all on a sudden during a revival; and now they are going out with the crowd during a season of lukewarmness. The minister took them in at the front door, and now he has let them out at the back door. They have disappointed him, they liave brought scandal upon the church, and double responsi bility upon themselves, and now they are just as earnest to give up religion as they were to profess it. Unliappy souls, volatile in everything, frivolous about the solemni ties of eternity, ready to be right if rightly led, and as ready to be wrong if wrongly driven. Having no mind of their own, they are molluscous creatures—without a backbone, mere jelly-fish ; nothing solid or consistent can be found in them. Their sand-built bouses are no sooner up than they are washed down by the tide ; they have no rocky foundations, no strong grips of truth,'no prin ciples; their motive powers are submission to persuasion, admiration of eloquence, and desire of approbation. Unhappy! Unhappy ! Unhappy ! God grant that we may not belong to such a class. II. I shall show their radical defect. Their radical defect, in the first place, lay in an unbroken heart. The parable does not refer to ground with stones in it such as we commonly call stony ground, for that will grow corn well enough, but to soil where there was a hard rock un derneath, and only a very thin covering of earth. A hard pan of iron rock was at the bottom, aud it was barely hidden by a little mould created by the lichens and mosses, enough to catch the seed and make it germinate, but not enough to feed its roots for any length of time. In these people their hearts have never been broken."Is not my word like a hammer, saith the Lord ?" They do not know, for it never hammered them. They got tlieii joy and peace without a blow. What is to be done with a piece of ground which has the rock so close to the sur face? Nothing can be done with it by man. Tlie only thing that can be done is for God to come in, and wlien God in His infinite mercy changes the rock into good soil, then the wheat wul grow, but not till then. " A new heart also will I give you, and a right spirit wiU I put within you I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and 1 wiU give you an heart of flesh." There iiaust be a work of the Holy Ghost by which the natiund rock of nature shall be turned into the good soil of grace, or else all the sowing in the world will never produce a harvest These people skipped over that, and in fact they did not like to hear of it They liked preachers who always preached simple faith in the work of Je»us, but never mentioned the work of the Holy Spirit,—lopsided preachers, messengers whose legs are not equal, who de iver half God's message and no more ; and under such teaching they found peace without soul-trouble, aud comfort without the new birth. As for repentance, that old-fashioned grace, they despised it. Weeping before God on account of sin, terror under a sense of God's wrath, or fear lest the sentence of His law should lie exe cuted, they never knew. They passed into the land of hope without going round by Weeping Cross; nnd every day I grow more and more suspicions of a man's religion if be has not gone round by tliat road. A man mho mas healed before he was wounded, clothed before he was stripped, fined before he was empty, made alive liefore he was slain, has good reason to suspect whether sovereign grace has ever laid Ha hand upon him. These people with the unbroken heart had gladsome hopes and joyful confidences, but they all came to an end, as they will do in your case and mine If we are strangers to contrition. Ever be it remembered that, true as it is that whosoever beheveth in Jesus Chrirt shall he saved, it i* eoimUy truo •Vb must be born again ;" '• Kieept ye be oon verted and become as little cluldren. ye shall in no wise enter tb« • iB^™ °S 'l 6**'" :" "Thlt wlllch v '•""• «>f »lw "«•» i« flesh.and that which is born of Uie ..pint is spirit;" f. i » 5^ aiu! blood c*llllot J"h«rit die kingdom of Ood. It v oidy the birth «f the *pirlt. the M.irituaJ nature, that can enter into spiritual mitten und liecumsi Thi. M to a Mood f«tK-,na«nely. want of depth. TTie rtouy- ground hearer ««• aU surface; every thinsr abeot him was »ui»rnoiaL The ruck never having h*tn broken, them wiw no depUi r.f earth to plough So in many men who profess to be converted, there luu )«en no real estimate of ..in. " Tes, we are Mnner»," they say. •Oh, yes, yes, of course we nre nil Kinueiv ;" but to fed wha» it iitnlio dinner is quit.- another thinjj. To be crushed down to the earth underatfetiseof having violated the thrioe holy law of God, thi« many hare never felt And Jesus Christr-yes, he is a Saviour, aud they will say they take him for n Saviour; but what it ia to be saved; what *t wan He suffered, why He needed to rafter, what ™ «• tremendous guilt tliat compelled mich a «acriflce, they have never considered; in fact, they ha\e never thought ut all, and Uiey do not menu to" think. Bess descend into the flower* nnd suck out Uie honey, bat bn*f Bl*ie* *li«llt °«> the lilies for a moment mid are u«u aplu, true emblem* of flippant pretender* to grace. Many persons who profess to be Christians seem to have JVL' W2 ttf luU" l c'i Wlth the Pl**"" of Uldr "*n heart.; they believe tliat there it something amiss wiUiin, bot they d« not know that their heart 1* " deceitful above all things and desperately wicked ;" consequently, thoufh they admit they need divine gruc*. they luuch they need it. The>- wfluhl mitwcribe to ibe truth, 1 Without me ye can do nothing," hut they do not know it experimentally. They are strangers to'those failure* and itsward disappointment* which lead a man to feel hi* nothingness. It in ratface work ; nothing i« deep abont them, when they became professor* of the religion of Christ they never weighed the truth, or searched the Scripture* to ace whether tiling* are indeed so. They were Calvinists beuaui-e tlie preaclier was Calvinittie; they would hare been Anninians quite a* readily if the preacher had been Arminian : in fact, they would have been anything they were taught to be; they never judge*, weighed, and considered for themselves.' In es pouamg the truth a> it it in Jeaui, they never calculated the dimcultiea of a religious life. It did uot atrike them. that they would have to fight with sin without and till within; they never looked at that mighty trinity, the world, the fleah, and the devil, with which they would have to wage a life-long combat. They took the fcweete, and thought not of the bitter herbs. Tltey were volatile, and are volatile still. They cannot think, neither caai you pentuade them to attempt it Tula U a fault indeed. And then there waa a third defect: the secret part of their religion was a failure. The aeed on the atony ground did not fail in the sprouting, nor in the blade which appeared above ; but it luwl no root. If you were) to trace wine professors home, you would find no secret prayer. Let that word go through tliia congregation, if there are any of you living in neglect of secret prayer. No secret prayer, no aecret reading of the Word of (Sod, no chewing of it to get the essence and the juice out of it, n« vital contact with Christ in private, no communion of the aoul In aecret with the living Ood I This is • deadly sign ! They were at a public meeting ; they were fusty euough npon committees ; they could be flrtt aud ftaresaott if there were any singing to 'be done, or if there were any preaching required ; but oh, the tecrrt prayer, the secret living with Ood, the soul-searching, the trying of the reins to see whether they were right or wrong— they had given this all up. Taking it for granted that they snuxt be right because they liave a sort of faith, they look «|»n every question as to their safety as so much wnbettaf, and the work of Satan, and so they wrap them selves up in their delurion*. They think they mutt he the people of God because they profess themselves to be »ucb, but they have never looked for the fruit which niurt be borne by every branch of the tnie vine. And i» fourthly, there whs Another thing which 1 do not think you will find in Mark, but you will ace in one of the other evangelists--they lacked moisture. Now, a plant must have moisture. Oew, rain, or some sort of watering must come to it. On that little *oil with a hard rock at the bottom tliere wiu identy of heat when the muu thoiie, and *o the little moirture it had mwle the seeU unroiit at once, but it had no further moisture, and therefore becsn* yftrslietl. Ho certain hearers get a little moisture, aa it were, by contact with an eanie«t preaclker; Utey coDie under that word which diops a> the dew ami dintUs a* the rain ; but they hare not the vitalizing Holy Oliost at their rout to he the nerjietuaj source of life. They have their h>ra)*, but they have no oil in their vessel* to keep them trimmed. Thuv lack the tnoUture of the Holy Ghost He it is that come* to liU owu people secretly, at the roots of their life, m> that from him they sock up the life of Cod, and so they live ; but the mers stony-ground convert has im* the Holy Ghost, And oh, permit me to say most solemnly to every one here, if we hart no more than nature gave us under its best conceivable circum^tauoM, we have no more than the Pharisees, and thnt landed them in hell. We must have the Spirit of Ood, and from tint to last the religion of our hearts must be wrought of the Spirit, and sus tiiued by the Spirit, and if it be not, Uie koonor we are rid of such a religion the better, for it will only deceive us. I feel the neottwity of preaching such a atmuon as) this, because I perceive church members going aside into open sin, and others turning aaide to one or another o* the new delusions of the present age, and there seems to be a new one every moutli. Some foolish people stand 1 with their month* open ready for any novelty to fly down their throats. They are as dry straw, only wanting som* impostor to apply the apark to them, and yet they call themselves ChHttfanx. There are no many now-a-day a who do not know what tbejr believe, and so become the prey of deceivers. Then* in a little plant in the garden, aud • thief comes along aud takes away root ana all ; he will •Ptdp so with a well- rooted oak, I warrant you ; and If we were well rooted like the oak, we should believe » hot we 3o believe, aud know what we do know ; antf should have principle to keep us steady. The old Nonconformists) might have been dragged to prison or to the stake without dHßculty ; bat to get them to yield their uoneon fonmty, or put aside tlieir principles, was nut iMwiible. Ala* for the degenerate sous of such sturdy fathers I If what you believe he not true, fling it away : but if it be true, let your faces lie like flints and your natures like iron against all the temptations of this wicked, ever* changing age, which flies this way and that, but. always away f rum it* God. < Hi, when shall it be that those who know the Ixxd shall stand fast, aud having done all, shall still stand • 111\. Thirdly, I must clone by trying to teach the lets** of the test That lesson is four-fold. It says to each one ef M. be deeply iv earnest. IV> not play at religion. Do "not think at a religious profession as «. garb which you can put on and take off. Pray Ood to make sure work in your soul, aure work for eternity. You have to die, yom have to face the judgment-seat; have a religion that will bear these ordeals. Pray to have such a work of the Spirit in jam sow! that neither death nor judgment can alarm you. Cry to God that repentanoe may be cut deep into you, making lasting marks iv you, that your faith may be no sham faith, but a giving up of your soul en tirely into the hands of Christ; that yev lore to Christ may be no rhapsody, but a matter of real heart-affection; that your religious walk may not be for other iieonle to me, but be a walk before Ood: that all yoar actions may be the result of principle, and that you may nut be swayed by oumpany, but rather way sway company, and may have a vital force within yourself of Gods im planting, that wIU bear you on the straight road, which ever way others may take. I say again, Be awfully in easts** about everything that concerns religion, and pmy Qm to forgive you if In any measure you have Wn flifeant concerning it tfeeondly, watch the effect of your own daily trials. Ree hew they afeet you. If a boat is ready to sink in Umi Thames, it ought never to be trusted at sea. If your re ligion already begins to fail you, what will it do hy-aiul by * You were laughed at, and you were half inclined to give it all up: what would you do if you were tnotw sternly persecuted t You have already been willing to go kadk, your heart has faltered: what will you do if neroer tjmjptation* assail you ? You have already been terribly putto it by the arguments of a fool; what would you do If some of the deep thinkers were to argue with you r "it thou lutkt run with the footmen and they have weaasM thee, how wilt thou contend with horsemen f And if,in the Und of pesos wherein thott hast trusted, they have w«nied thee, what wilt thou do in the swellings of Jordan y" Ido not object to your growing sjow ly if you grow surely. If my bouse takes a long time in buildins;, I would rattier give the bulkier his time than tell him to run it up in a week or two, and make it so frail that the first wind would blow it away like cardboard. You have to live in tliis house eternally ; pray God to build it surely. As to building fast, that little matters, O you that can hardly go a step towards heaven without question and dispute, I do not so much tremble oon rMtning you, as about some who never hare any <|iiestioa or doubt, heuause they have uaver any thought at all, hvt pass it all l.y with a heedless carelessness, taking things) for granted. See, then, how you stand in your ivesent triak You have grown richer; do you tore the Lord a* lauch u» you did? You transact more business ; can you still keep tlie world out of your heart < You have received more pnti»e of late ; can you still cling to Chriht us you u«ed to do when you had but few friends? Or you hava come dowu iv the world aud are numbered with tlie poor; do you love the Lord as much us you did when he en riohed you? You have lately heard the remarks of a cunning liater of the gospel ; were you able to feel that though you could not answer him in words, >rt your heart answered him, and threw off his falsehood as the roof throws off the rain? If not, look to it If your vessel is ready to go down in smooth water, wltat will she do in a storm r If you cannot keep tlie water out of her now, what will you do when the hurricane overtake* her v It will be all over with you then, 1 fear. Another lessou is, constantly examine youmelf. A grrat many persons get into the Bankruptcy Court, but m far as I recollect never one came there through too ljuch attendance to his business. 1 never huird of a farmer loving liis crop through being too diligent in hus bandry ; and of all the souls that are lost not one lias ' perished through being too much in earnest iv« to Helf •guunihation. Dear brethren, choose a faithful, testius; ministry-. I)o not look after a smooth-tongued preacher who will always cry, "Comfort ye, comfort >c, my people." You want comfort, and should have it; but you want Marching as well, and you must have it Do pray tliut you may be faithfully dealt with, tluit there may lie no gluzing over matters; no filming of woundsv but that there may be honest dealings between you and the minister, and between you and your Ood (rodgrant that we may be willing to be searched, for when we are unwilling to be searched we may reckon it quite certain that there is something amiss with us. When we cry, " I am afraid I am a hypocrite," there is very little fear of it; ImfpreMunijition is fatal. Now, lastly, let all this show us how necessary it it that we ca-.t all the stress and burden of our wtlvntioi* en tirely ujsju the Lord Jesuit Christ, because w]iere»er* man doe« that, there Is honest and good ground in hi* soul, ami the seed hassprung up aright Whenever amao caii truly nay, " I rest alone in Jesus ; Nothing in my liand I bring; . Simply to Thy cross I cling;" that i» the great secret ot a true hoiie. Jesiu lived and died for u» :■ and if we do entirely and alone tru Him, it ii« well with our souls. It is Hell to live continually at the foot of t!>e crnm. looking up ti» Jesus, finding all our hope iv Him, and none in uumelve*. Heloved, it ia the work of the Spirit of God to hring us there and keep tut there. If we Mmrrh ourselves in tlie light of the cross we shall be willing to judge ourselves that we he nut judged ; in the lireornoo of tboxedear wounds, from whence distils the atoninn blood, we hliall cry, " Try my reins and my hen it " but if am man say, "1 believe in Jesun, therefore 1 will not search ; I trust in Jesus, therefore | will live a* I like •'• tint man's religion is vain ; he has profaned the enn* h'» hi* reckless reasoning, and let him take heed how God shall judge him, for of all judgment* surely that win be the heaviest which shall oune upon the man who dared U> take the doctrine of the cross as a reason for air*lesi Is! 1"!?!? 1"1 "W3? *"•J ueroy *ttd Uie c^n-iu* I.o»erof fee Redeemer U inm)U an apology for walking liLueNKr. Before God, and continuing in vain pifeumption. God 52uv JUS*"* to nc"ixt tht> ""d *"*food •rouwl»for 