MISCELLANY. The Nice of Time.—A wrinkle. Stable Creatures. —Horses. People that most Drive a Trade.—Cab A Wast that mat be "Felt."—The want of a bat. Scientific.--—Leather, chemically con sidered, is the ox-hide of beet Ah Old Saw Newly Set.—What can't be endured most be caricatured. A Boarding Establishment.—A caipen tefsehop. Ah Attested Fact.—A man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. Graphic.—A-Western critic recently said of a new novel, " Its incidents follow each other like a shovelful of hot ooato." Corns in High Places.—A chiropodist an nounces on Ids cards that he had " removed corns from several of the crowned heads of Europe." Scholastic.—Pompous school examiner: "How is the earth divided, my lady Intelligent lad: " By earthquakes, sir." Catjtion to Women Lecturers.—A grocer in Quincy, Illinois, bas donated the city 41 dozen bad eggs, to be used in Keeping women lecturers beyond thecity limits. Getting a Bite.—A charitable man keeps a pair of 'dogs drained at his front door, so that people who stop '• to get a bite" can be accommodated with out taking the trouble to go into the bouse. - A Coffin for One.—Some melancholy minded burglars recently entered an undertaker's shop and appropriated a coffin. The proprietor aays if they will call again he will furnish a corpse to put in it. Strongly Marked Characters.—The dif ference in patnres was well illustrated by the follow ing incidentTwo sisters met. " Oh, my dear sis ter !" said one, exhaustodly, as they embraced. " You've been eating onions," said the the other, calmly and fearlessly A Poetic Gathering.—If a large hall enough can be secured, it mproposed to call* conven tion of the authors of *' Beautiful Snow." There Is supposed to be about 10,000 of him—or her. It would not be abad idea to call a convention of the authors of " Rock Me to Sleep, Mother," at the same time and in the same city, and let the two armies of poets have a little battle. Stuff Him.—A stingy man, who pretended to be very fond of his home, but kept him nearly starved, said to a friend," You don't know fiow much we all wink id that horse. I shall have him staffed, so as to preserve him when he dies." "You'd better stuff him now," retorted his friend, "so as to preserve him living." Easily Tested.—A Main-street woman doeant have any trouble with her husband. When be gets on a tantrum, and she wants to be rid of him ■oas to have the house to herself, she tnerely observes that there are a few skeins of yam to hold, and steps out of the room to get them. Long before she returns the frightened victim is fleeting up the street. The Marquise de la Place.—Mrg. Somer rifle thus describee* visit to the Marquise"It wa past 6 o'clock; we were shown into a beautiful draw ingroom, and the man-servant, without knocking at , the door, went into the room which was adjacent, aad^l we heard her call out,' J'irai la voir I first la voir!' | and when the man-servant came out he said, 'Madame eet ddsoWe, mail ella est en chemise.' "—Recollections of Mary Somerville. XJgo Fosoolo.—At some house where we were dining in London—I forget with whom—Ugo Fosootottbepoet, was one of the party. He was ex tremely excitable and Irritable, aid when some one moke of * tranriation of Dante as being perfect, "impossible r shouted Fosoolo, starti — Posoolo, starting dp fit great excitement, at the same time toeslng ms cup fuB of ooffee into the air, cop and all, regardless of the china and the ladies' dresses.—Recollections of Mary Somerrille. < < The Chinese ahd thbForeign Ambassa dors.—The distress of the Chinese with regard to the , audience gives lytbp Emperor to, foreign, roproaonta-. ttveeis ludicrouafy anpsrentfrom the aoooonts wbtob oontinue to be published concerning the Interview. At: Kwei-fang4ooitwSs told thatthe ambamsdteswtoe to neralysed'at the fcnguitapptaraiiao iff Bis asmsrlsl Majestythat notmoot those oonld apeak* wont, tend • that most of them had tohe lad outto »lsi^ing ooo ditiop.... ■ Ah UNASSuimro Vebsifibb.—Tho "Wj Wagga Express* sayt5~V,In * note i some wanes reomtivpeat to us, * WMnot tiie Slighteet obifeatfem >' lSe aMtoSto^df i the uasttowas, ttappeert,mwely poetic liofeioe,nnd J was snpposed tohe flyuatiTolsngaags tors fi~ m©urnhoss,*«tifeifrlt-*^J authorof heiratfttpUtomi BA':-to>d>t«TO ttfe1 < are ours) to what our Insert,, and wbkhhe . — —— , WDM other produotitoii* ttartfwb vtoirilbbl 'Wordsworth and Mill.—The Wordswothtot' power to anticipate the very frame of. mind into wtMrsmind &a4B;,-«nd *» a|>p^ 4» Ha Ctodent remedy:— "»e light of love Thetforfous habit by which seoseis made Buhewylcni till toamralpqrpaeas, AuxiUarto divine. Ibatchaugesbtil dothe ""-"nrttsasE' He burden So build me up thereby that we ew." But this light of fove, wbidi is the light of life and of the world, is the vetyjeenlus of religion and Chris tianity, The poetry of Wordsworth was to Mill, not this direct light, but the reflected my. ft reached him In a form congenial to hia tastes, congenial to his wants: but the sooree of it'was not the less divine. Henceforth the natural world, which he always loved, hid a fuller and deeper meaning: and he may hive felt for a time thai the all- pervading Spirit, upon whom our dark foundations rest, is itself the aouroe sad the object of knowledge and of duty. Atthat moment of his life MiJUwss nelrer to S epWtusI philosophy than at any othertime.' Wordsworthhad philosophy than at any other time.' opened to him an inner world by bis poetry; ridge roused bis curiosity bv bis exposition of a J sophy diametrically opposed to his own, 1mt m in its effects on the last generation. And , newly awakened sympathies unlocked a door to the friendship of other hearts. A discSuskfotook place at a debating society frequented by these young men, on the comparative merits of Byron and Wordsworth. Roebuck spoke on the side of Byron, 1011 on that of Wordsworth. Thus he found himself in this argument, and in the sentiments it caused him to express, op posed to his old Benthamite associate, and on the same side as John Sterling and Frederic Maurice, to tbeir mutual surprise, but not without taurine oonse quenoes. —Edinburgh Review. 