Visit of .t£e 0A3&QMG3mmz; TOPORTLtNCOL^. [From a Correspondent] Ob Wednesday, September 0, Bis- Lordship the Right Bey. Bishop Beynolda arrived is Port Linooln, per Lubra steamer, to ' hold his visitation of the Western ?'. District. He was accompanied by two of the Sisters of St. Joseph, who m aboat to open a school at Port Lincoln. On Thursday morning His Lordship celebrated the Holy Mass, and announced to the DeoDle that he would administer the Sacrament of Confirmation on the following Sunday. The children assembled in the church ? at8 o'clock, some receiving Holy Communion at the first mass, which wai said by the Bishop. After the 11 o'clook mass, which was offered by the Bev. P. Corcoran, His Lordship addressed the children who were to be con firmed, and explained in a clear and an im pressive discourse the seven-fold gifts of the Holy Ghost, and the graces to be obtained by the worthy reception of (he Sacrament. Before the children aad congregation left the church, Mr. Sullivan read the following ad dress: — 'To the Bight Bevd. Christopher Augustine, by the grace of God and favor of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Adelaide.— My Lord — With sentiments of great veneration for the high and holy office to which it has pleased the Supreme Pontiff to appoint yon Bishop, to rple the Church of God in South Australia, and with a deep respect for your Lordship per sonally, we hail with jay your first pastoral visit amongst us. Hearing, that it was your anxious desire to attend to our spiritual inte terests, seeing that you have sent us Sisters to teach -our children, and promised to make arrangements so that a priest would periodi cally visit the Catholics scattered over this ex tensive part of your diocese, we have reason to feel grateful to your Lordship, and hope that God will spare you many years to feed the flock entrusted to your care. . We are aware that the liabilities of the diocese are great indeed, but with the co-operation ot the Catholics of this colony, these will soon become a thing of the past. Permit us, in con clusion, to offer our humble assistance in carrying ont anything proposed by your Lord ship for the advancement of our holy faith, and we beg to subscribe ourselves y»ur Lord ship's most obedient servants in Christ. Signed— B. W. Sullivan, Joseph Whilstour, Patrick Fitzgerald, Richard Sullivan, Peter Sullivan, Edmond Smyth, Michael Sheering, John Leonard, and others.' His Lordship replied as follows : — ' My dear friends and children in. Christ— I thank you moBt cordially for the kind allusions you have made to our Hely Father the Supreme Pontiff, as well as for your- kind welcome te me. Kest assured you cannot feel a greater desire than I do for your spiritual welfare. Ever since it pleased God to burden me with the charge of this diocese, the spiritual neces sities of this distant part of the mission have ever had my constant prayers and labors to provide in some measure for its wants. Owing to the scarcity of priestB in this vast dio oese I cannot at present place one in charge of this district, but I am happy to say I shall be able to provide for a periodical missionary visit. It is a source of con solation to me to open a school under the care of the Sisters of St. Joseph, whose labors baye been so BUCoesBful in Port Augusta and Bliaman Districts, that I anticipate evea greater here. They will teach your children the knowledge of God and His holy law, to gether with secular knowledge, which are un fortunately divided now-a- days, so as to deny the child, whilst learning worldly science, its duty to God, and His claims on the love and obedience of Hi* creatures'. Your allusion to the diocesan liabilities, brings to mr mind the fact, that no sma'l portion of the debt had been contracted tn the building of this church and the establishment of thi* mission. Owing to your limited' number and circumstances, I am well aware that you could not meet this great liability ; by your co-operation, however, with your brethren in more favored portions of the diooese, this debt in a few years I hope to see cleared off. I trust to have the happiness of again meeting yon, on my return from tke Western District, and earnestly pray God to pour down. His choicest blessings on you and your children.' In the evening, after vespers, the Bishop again preached an eloquent sermon on the titles of the Blessed Virgin to our veneration and love, which was listened te with breathless attention by a very large congregation. 