"VICTORIAN MEMS. Gas-pipes (reports the Standard) have arrived at Wnmiamliool, aud the workmen are now busily engaged laying down the mains in Meni-street round Kelpcr- street, towards the Western Hotel The chimney stack is now approaching com pletion, and Messrs. Evans and Tillev, the con tractors, are actively engaged in carrying out their engagement in connection with the Warmambool Gas Company. The Gcelong Meat-preserving Company hav suspended operations for the present. The heayv fall in the price of tallow in the English market has resulted in a serious loss to the company ; the high price of stock has also tended to the present stoppage. We understand tliat a meeting of the shareholder* will lie held in a few days, when it will be determined either to increase the capital or wind up the company. • A ghost story has arisen out of the lamentable Bung Bong tragedy. Some ten days since, throe o men, residents of Bung Bong, being out late on s business, tuid having occasion to pass close by the scene of the late honor, saw distinctly four persons (a man and three children), whom they instantly recognised as the suicide and his family, approach the house aud enter—or appear to do so —by the door. All three saw the apparition, and remarked to each other on its singularity. They then tried the door, aud finding it securely locked, departed to their homes sadly and silently, fully impressed with the belief that they had seen a ghost, or rather four ghosts. The newest way of paying a bill that we have as yet heard of has been invented in a Victorian country town. The Beaufort (Jltroniclc vouches for the truth of tlie following :—A few days ago a resident of Beaufort was employed by the managers of a cemetery to do certain necessary work. When the job was completed payment was applied for to the chairman of the board of management, and was met by the very irrelevant question, *' Have vou selected yet I" •" Selected be hanged," exclaimed the presenter of the account, "what has that to do with my bill?" "Well," said the chairman, "it bus just this much to do with it, that we haven't got any funds, but you may take up a selection ; I'll see that you have a title, and you may occupy as f soon as you like." The speaker was one ot the trustees of the town cemetery, and the result of the interview was that the unfortunate creditor had to "take it out" in the grave, which he did with some expletives hardly appropriate to so melancholy a termination of a simple contract This is the view which the Crcewick Advertiser takes of the situation:—« With the exception of Ministers themselves and a few faithful henchmen among the candidates, there are few who give the ministerial policy a whole-hearted support," The Govemor-in-Councilhas approved of new regulations under the jn- ovisions of the Volunteer Statute, 1805, and has cancelled all previous regulations, with the exception of the Orders in JWT V 1 * BE I 5TH A,, S Ufi( > 1866, nnd 13th Uctoner, 18/3. The regulations aro published in the Government Gazette. With respect to Sir Cliarles Gavan DufTv's present sojourn in Victoria, "the rest is silence." lhe hon. gentleman bus been beset with invitations to attend farewell banquets, but the state of bis heath is such that he has had to decline theni all. The last one projected was to take place in Melbourne, but Sir Charles has hud to send a refusal. The Kynrfon Guardian reports :—" The heavy and steady rain which 1ms latterly fallen is almost unprecedented in this season of'the year. Both the Cauipaspe and Colihan have lieen flooded cluriug the week, and we regret to learn that the flood in the latter river has carried uwav the extensive dain recently completed bv Mr. C. VCS 10 a,d him gohl " in prospecting the river for The receipts on the Victorian Government hues „, ' corresponding ., The aggregate receipts to date for the financial year are £648,111 8s. Id, as against £522,005 Is. 6(1. for the corresponding period of the previous year. Weekly averages: 1872-3, £13,384 14s. lOd.; 1873-4, £16,618 4s. 9d. Another instance of how young girls are de- coyed into the society of Chinamen was shown on the 30th ult. A respectable citizen of Ballarat East complained to the police that his daughter had been induced to leave her home, and he was unable to find her whereabouts. On proceeding to an opium shop in the Main road the constable, accompanied by the father of the missing girl, found the erring one coiled up on a stretcher in one of the back rooms, smoking opium, and half stupified. The girl was at once removed to the home she had lately left. The Talbot Leader states that Mr. Neilson, of M'Callum's Creek, recently missed a valuable heifer, and fears were entertained that the animal was lost beyond recovery. Three weeks after its disappearance it was found embedded in a stack of hay into which it had eaten a passage, its struggles to release itself apparently having had the effect of causing the filling up with loose hay of the opening in the stack behind it, thus precluding earlier discovery. Notwithstanding its lengthened imprisonment, the beast is none the worse. The Clunes Board of Advice has expressed it self opposed to religious teaching in State schools. In reply to a communication from the Rev. J. E. Herring, who notified his desire to impart Biblical instruction to children of Church of Eugland parents attending the local schools, on days and hours sanctioned by the board, it was resolved— " That whilst the hoard fully recognises the importance of the religions education of youth, it is of opinion that it would lie contrary to the spirit of the Education Act to allow any religious teaching « l State schools under its charge, and therefore declines to sanction the use of the schools for such purpn.se." It may In- mentioned that the action of the boaid meets with general approval from the inhabitants. A conxsspondeut suggests the following scheme of constitutional reform :—I. A united Parliament of 90 members elected in accordance with Hare's system of representation ; or, failing the adoption of Hare's system, in accordance with the plan of single electorates proposed by Mr. Francis. 2\. A chamber to take the place of the Lower House, consisting of 30 members, to be elected by the united Parliament at their first meeting out of their own body. 3. The remaining 60 members to form the Upper House, invested with some what similar privileges to those enjoyed by the Legislative Council. 4. In the event of a ministerial crisis in the Lower House, aud a dissolution demanded, the appe.nl to be made to the united Parliament, an appeal to the country only to be granted in the event of u prolonged disagreement between the two Houses themselves, and then with the sanction of the Governor as at pre Dr. Madden. one of the recently elected mem bars of the new Assembly is thus reported :—" As to the Education Act, the voice of the people had been heard, and the Act was on the statute book. He would give it the fairest trial, and did not see any great defects in it. Botuds of Advice should be better treated. They were mere puppets. The Minister of Education was very eminent in hie line, but he was very self- opinionated, and desired to can-y out the Act wholly uuaided. The Boards ol' Advice should have the selecting sites of schools. The Education Department w now building the largest of the new schools North Melbourne right over a most offensive drain which led from the manure depot," The Gedong Advertiser says the rain will inflict an injury on the vinegrowers is pretty certain, inasmuch us it has checked the progress of the vintage, tons upon tons of ripe fruit have been burst by the rain. The quality of those which have not burat will himlly be improved by the rain, and fiom a most successful vintage, expected a week or two ago, oidy a moderate one is now looked forward to. The colony of Victoria has now growing 9,072,341 vines, and South Australia 0,049,343. For New South Wales there are no returns. South Australia lias 5820 acres of vineyard ; Victoria 5446; and New South Wales only 5906. Notwithstanding the falling off in the growth of the vine ill South Australia, that colony makes 895,795 gallons of wine in the year, while Victoria only makes 029,819 callous, ana New South Wales 460,320. An enormous mushroom, 3 feet in circumference, and over 21b. weight, has been found at Reedy Creek. The new Temperance-hall, Ilothani, was formally opened last week with a tea-meeting. After tea several addresses were delivered bv ministers, including the Rev. S. C. Kent. Mr. Stmt, P.M., occupied the chair. The Jlalhrat Courier understands that Mr. William Clarke, M.L.A., lias instituted proceedings in a criminal action for libel against Mr. Jones, proprietor of the Grenvilk Advocatc, for certain remarks made in that paper during his candidature for Grenville. The Mnnjhoroiujh Stamford says :—" We arc informed that a portion of the railway between Maryborough aud Dnnolly has been washed away, the heavy flow of water being too large to flow through the culvert. It is snid that the contractor has received instructions to make the culverts on this line much larger." A memorial was recently presented to the Crown Law officers praying lor a mitigation of the sentence passed on Foster Clarke, at Colac, for cattle stealing. The document received in reply stated that full and diligent inquiry had been made into tlie case, and that there were no grounds for the sentence being in any way shortened. A banquet was given by a uumlier of gentlemen, from all parts of the district, to Messrs. Kerferd and Smith last week, at Tanswell's Commercial hotel, Beechworth, Over eighty sat down. Mr. F. Brown, president of the united shire council, chairman. Prominent men of all shades of former parties were present. The constitutional question was not touched upon, but the fact that both members who were formerly , are now in perfect accord, was frequently uded to as a subject for congratulation. A warrant was issued last week at Rutherglen, for the arrest of George Castles, at Black Dog Creek, charged with threatening the life of his son. It will be remembered that this man was arraigned some few weeks back on a charge of attempted suicide on the 9th January last, since which time until about three weeks ago, he has been an inmate of the Beechworth Hospital, suffering from the effects of a self-inflicted wound. It appears that he is of a most violent tempera- ment, and that even those who accepted bail for his appearance on the 9th April at Beechworth to answer the charge of attempting his own life, have now caused him to be arrested and taken to Chiltern from whence he was sent to Beechworth, there to await his trial, for threatening the life of his son. A case of sonic interest under the new Impounding Act was (says the Chronicle) heard at the Waligunyali Police Court, before Sir. J. Holmes, P.M. The plaint was by Thomas Yates, who sued Alexander M'Mullen i'or illegally impounding five head of cattle on the 10th of March last In evidence it was not shown, as required by the Act, that notice had been given to the poundkeejter of intention to make a complaint on the part of the plaintiff. Mr. Holmes held that the omission was fatal to t he case, and a nonsuit was entered, with £1 3s. 6d. costs. A similar ease between the same parties was withdrawn, and 10s. costs awarded. We refer those interested to the section of the Act bearing on this ease. We may add that other points were raised which were held to be sufficient occasion for a nonsuit. A correspondent of the Dayles/nrd Mercury says :—" A very enjoyable evening was spent on Saturday week, when about a dozen warm-hearted friends and admirers of the Rev. 1). O'Doimell met together for the purpose of entertaining that gentleman sit a farewell dinner. Many highly eulogistic remarks were made bv those present ns to the ability displayed and the grand success that luid been achieved through the labors of Mr. O'Donnell while residing in Daylesfoid ; and to prove the appreciation of his coustant endeavors to do good privately and publicly, it was thought to be only just to render honor to whom honor was due, by presenting him with tangible evidence of the high and affectionate regard felt for him. He was therefore handed a purse containing 50 sovereigns, the donors at the same time wishing Mrs. O'Donnell and himself god-speed and every blessing ill the district of Avoca." Last week the new Laud Regulations came into force. In brief they are as follows :—None but authorised surveyors shall make surveys upon Crown Lauds. Minute directions are given as to the requirements with which the surveyor must comply, such as the using the theodolite—the marking the ground by stakes of ]iaitieular dimensions—the making of trenches at regular intervals along the lines, and at the cornel's, &<\, &c.; Each surveyor is to keep posted up in his office plans of all surveys effected by him, such plans to be considered the property of lhe Department. A regular scale of fees are to be charged according to the character of the count ry, from £1 15s. for 20 acres to £3 5s., whilst the rate per mile for feature, topographical survey, is from £l 5s. to £2 5s. Tracings of all plans made by any surveyor are to be transmitted weekly to the Assistant Surveyor-General, and he is to report whether it is necessary to set apart any portion of Crown Lands for public use or convenience. All applications for licenses must be sent to the District Surveyor who will then instruct such authorised Surveyor as he muy think fit to make the survey, and will notify to the applicant to pay the fees to the local Receiver and Paymaster from whom the authorised Surveyor will receive them oil his certificate. The District Surveyor shall also from time to time examine the copies of the field books of the Authorised Surveyor, and shall sometimes inspect their surveys on the ground, and check their computations. When any survey is completed, the District Surveyor will give mi order to the authorised Surveyor or the Receiver and Paymaster where the survey fees have been lodged. The Regulations are very clear, and arc a decided improvement on tlie old plan. Owing to letters received at Chillem several parties are leaving there for the Palmer. Tlie Harbor department have withdrawn the request they made to the Public Works department some time ago for the deepening of Raleigh's Bar, prior to the removal of the bank oil the south side of the Yarra basin. The removal of the bank on the «mtli side, near the new wharf, will therefore he proceeded with immediately after the Easter holidays. On the mh March' the Lillydale board of advice appeared as complainants against Mr. Felix Devine, a resident in tliat district. The defendant had Iteeu summoned for not sending liis boh to school for the number of days, during a certain period, that the provisions of the Education Act required. The defendant was convicted. " A gentleman who Las recently returned from St. Amaud," says the Pleasant CrccJc Kerns," stales that the grass, in favored localities between there and Stawell, was never before known lo be so plentiful at this season of the year, the wanu rains that have fallen so continuously of late having encouraged an exceptional and luxurious growth. In the best paddocks, and near the folding "grounds, the herbage is from *»iu. to Tin. in lentil, and cattle and horses -which had begun to fall awav on their autumnal feed are gathering condition, and likely soon to be rolling in fat. The coming season cannot fail to be the most favorable, without exception, for squatting and fanning pursuits, that; was ever experienced in the Wimmera and Richardson districts." The following singular cii-enmstanee is related bv the Grehvg Advertiser:—" A cat belonging to Gunner Millies, of the Oeelon^ artillery, had recentlv an addition to her family. Mattel's feline rolled along smoothly enough till about a fortnight ago a maternal Mauritius monkev. wliich the gunner had introduced to ln's establishment, suddenly adopted a remarkable loudness for two of the kittens. In vain puss endeavored to win back her own, but the monkey, a usually docile creature, has repelled all attempts on the part of the cat to win back her offspring, and juav now Ik? witnessed assiduously nursing the little creatures," At the Branxliolnie Police Court, 011 Thursda* week, we leam from ihe Hamilton Spectator, .Tames Grassje, of Hotspur, was charged vilili forcing a petition to the Solicitor-General for tlie appointment, of Sir. I). M'Eachem as stipendiary magistrate for the district of Portland. One of the witnesses called was Mr. M'Eachem, wlio deposed to lieing present at aconversation between Gr.issie and Detective Duncan, when defendant adiuitteil he had signed the last four names to the memorial, having authority from the parties to do so. Stewart Cowan and James Cowan, brothers, and Joseph Aldridge, a carrier, whose names appeared in the memorial, swore that the si-niafures were not theirs, and that they had given no authority to defendant to sign for them. The defendant, who reserved his defence, was committed for trial. Bail was allowed. Letters patent have been "ranted bv th e Attor ney-Oeueral to Messrs. Nicolle and Mort of .Sydney, for an improved frigorific-mach ine. which may l»e made to work either iiifci-uriUentlv continuously. In the former case it j, e intended lor household me, and in the latter 'for manufacturing purposes. The frigorific mixtures are produced by the use of simple fix ed w,l t „, , v hicli are soluble m water, and only require to be evaporated 111 order to be again fit for use such as nitrate of ammonia, chlorid 0 of calcium, &c.; lhe pnncipal jieculiarityof t' (1 ; s invention mi- J ". lls niecliauical arrange meIlt, bv which the Otherwise waste cold of the r efri-erat in- solution is utilised, and so the cost <>f Vrod«cisi« ice 01 wad ai r considerably reduce 1. This arrangement. Jiowever, cannot veiy well 1, 0 explained without the aid of drawings. U iters patent have also been granted to Mr. Roller t Harper, of MelI«ourne, lor certain improvements i u machinery for cleaning ami dressing nee. we " savs the nallarat Mar. How little Ministers know their own minds about their own scbe (m. When Mr. Francis's nadim at first n^per^ «d, the scheme was said to ik? perioct, microbe the re.su)! of anxious consideration ar l( \ uirjiy grave debates. So perfect waR it, im' ce,i ) avid xo important, that all other mismes). WiW t() ^ postponed imtil it became law. lint a ieW have ekpsed, and we fuid MimV ™ at odds aniongtrt, themselves, quite unable to /ee. as lo what their scheme is, and differing as i,o what is to be done if it should be rejected, as it surely will be, by the Council. At. Maryborough Mr. Gillies, with astonishing coolness, informs liis hearer tliat ' whether oruota general election should first take place before the joint meeting of the Houses was a matter of detail.' In other words. it is quite a matter of indifference whether tlie. Council shall have the power of dissolving the Assembly whenever it pleases, and such power is ' a mere matter of detail.' This is, we suppose, a specimen of constitutional government as understood by the Ministry. Mr. Cohen, the other night, discovered another matter of detail. He said ' 55 was not an arbitrary number,' and thought that the majority might he as 78 is to 30, or 2| to 1. The Norwegian principle is, it will he seen, hturied!v abandoned as soon as discussion begins, and Ministers are actually driven lo declare tlml they do not much care whether the Assembly is coerced instead of the Council, since their matters of detail, happen to be the very essence of their scheme. For, according to Mr. Cebeu's proposal, the Assembly must not only lie unanimous, but all the members must be present, In older to overcome ft unanimous Council, a thing not very likely to occur} whilst Mr. Gillies would, as a matter of detail^ make the Council tiie arbiter of the fate of rarlinmejits, Wlien *mch discrepancies appear after so little discussion, . Jt. will: lii difficult • to jKraiade the public that Ministers joyer really debated (seriously the scheme tthtih tSiey nut, mi one time, so confidently before the country. The Talbot Leader remarlts that tlie danger iutcrfence between man and wife was exemplified at Majolica, when an old man interposed in favor of a wife who was being beaten by her husband, and was rewarded for his good intentions by both parties turning on him and seriously maltreatin; liim. A nugget of gold, weighing 3oz., wis on view in the window of Mr. Henry Jones, of View Point, Upon enquiry it was found that, the gold had l>ee» picked up by a lady amongst the gravel laid on Olinda-street, Quarry-liill. The Traithani correspondent: of the Kyneton Guardian states that the bands of the different sawmills at Bullarook and Macedon are rapidly enrolling, and it is expected that another week will see the association a strong one. On the 1st May eight, hours' work at tlie present rate of wages will be the rule at all the mills. The Gippslaml M<'.rmr>in'.]mU that Mr. White law and party, who are now engaged cutting a track from llosedale. to Turton's Creek, hav reached about twenty miles from Rosedale, and are in good rich soil, similar to the Bruudv Creel country, but with dense scrub on most of it, Selectors are already iu the field. There are said to be indications of au auriferous character about the new country. Some young men of assumed respectability arc likely to get into hot water at Ballarat. ' The <SW states that the " gentlemanly" young men who assaulted Gonstalile Haves on the night of 19th ull., at the Royal Hoki, were Donald Wal lace and Robert Seals. Both have left Ballarat and a warrant has been issued against Wallace, as it is thought he is about leaving the colony. At Stawell a man named Saunders died under peculiar circumstances. The post morlem exami nation disclosed the fact that a piece of bone had stuck fast in his throat, lacerating the tesophagu but apparently doing no further damage until it was dislodged, when it cut completely through the aorta, or main artery of tlie upper portion of the body. The patient then bled to death in short time. The dead body of a man named Samuel Mullins was found in the doorway of the shop of Mr Parker, chemist, Main-road, Balhuat, at half-past 3 o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 31 st ult. The deceased was a travelling tinsmith by occupation and forty years of age, An inquest was held in the afternoon, and the post mortem examination disclosed the fact that death was caused from asphyxia, inconsequence of disease of the lungs. The "ecclesiastical" claim at Maryborough appears to be worked out. There apjwars (says the Talbot Leader) to be quite an exodus of the clcigy from Maryborough. Lately the Rev. Mr. Caldwell, of the Presbyterian Church, resigned his chaige, and the Rev. Mr. Hopkins, minister of the independent congregation, is about to l»e take himself to fresli fields aud pastures The last announcement is that the. Rev. Mr. Walker, incumbent of Christs Church, intends following suit, and will shortly remove to Birtlarat. Has this any connection with the publication of the Maryborough Advertiser ? An inquest was held by Dr. Youl at the Barkly Hotel, Barklv-street, Carlton, on the body of Henry Ruisch, a Dime, aged thirty-six years, a clothes cleaner, who had been liWng for many years in Darkly-street, Carlton. The following letter, without date, wliich was proved to be in deceased's liandwritiug, was found iu the bedroom —" For my sister, Joseplune Ruisch, Copenhagen, Denmark. Money owing to her. Mr. Dixon, of Swanston-street, will forward them to her. The complaint from wliich I am sutt'ering has so affected mv mind that I cannot live any longer. Dear friends, piav for me, and forgive me. God forgive jne, and have mercy upon my soul. Amen." Nothing transpired at the inquest to show what the complaint refen-ed to in the letter was. The jury found a verdict to the effect tliat tlie deceased came by his death oji or about the 23rd ull,, by suicidal hanging. During Tuesday, the 31st ult., serious appr hensions were entertained by the residents of the low-lying lands around Melbourne that there would be a flood. The rain continued throughout the whole of Tuesday, and the Yarn row; about 3ft., but about 3 o'clock in the evening die lain ceased and the clouds began to break, allaying the feai-s of those who thought another 'disastrous imuidutioii imminent. The water iu tlie Yal ta covered the space of ground between the embankment at the rear of Mr. Ramsdeu's paper mill and the the river, and a great portion of the Military reserve was under water, The All»eit Park iagoon, which has been quite dry during tlx summer, lias benefited by the downfall, and it now contains a broad expanse of water of about two feet in depth. Another heavy fall of rain will make the, lagoon of sufficient depth to enable the lovers of boating to resume their recreation. At the licensing bench at Fitzroy, on the 26th March, the issue of a license was refused on u ground not generally taken, A person named Flftimigau has built a large house in Gertrudestreet, which he has fitted up at considerable ex. lense, and has furnished well. He has held a icense for several years past, and the police had nothing to urge against his character. Mr. Edwards opposed the issue of the license on the ground tliat lie was not" of good fame and character," mid in proof thereof it was deposed by a person named Cahill tliat his wife had been living with Flannigan for the last eight years, and had home iiim several children. Tins was not denied but Dr. Dobson, for the applicant, cited a decision of the English judges in Leader v. Zell, 33 C. L. R., p. 231, which was, that a man living in concubinage with a woman wis not of bad character, it being necessary to prove him guilty of a criminal offence to render him so, The police magistrate agreed with that view of the case, but the other t\yo licensing justices held that open adultery was different from concubinage, and therefore the objection taken was good. The application was consequently refused by 4 majority of the bunch. "Mr. Doran's contract ton the Maryborough and Dunolly Railway," the CmtUmmw Representative states, " was completed last week, go far as flie laying of the rails is concerned. A junction was effected between the line that has already been finished by Mr, J. Thompas, who has the contract for No.' 2 section, so that at present there is altogether 21 miles of the permanent line ready for opening. It lias been suggested that a portion, at least as far as Ncwstead, should be nwule use of by running under proper supervision trains to tlie forthcoming races. The M. A. Mail says that a day or two since, while the prisoners were at work at the quarry, one of them, named Murphy, suddenly raised his shovel and attempted to cut" down warder Coffey, who was at the time in charge of the men, Fortunately, Mr. Cornish, the borough inspector, was standing close by, and warded off the intended blow. The fellow "was immediately put Under arrest, and a charge was preferred against, him before the visiting magistrates, Mr. T. D. S. Heron, P.M., and Sir. Butt, J.P. An additional twelvemonths was attachedto hispresent sentence six months of wliich will lie served in irons. An amusing modiv, my masters ! The Artin says:—"The result of the first set of elections should be sufficient to convince the Government that it has completely mistaken the temper of the public mind." The'Age:—"The friends of the Ministry have reason to bo satisfied with the re suits of the elections up to the present time. Taking the ministerial policy on Upper House reform as the test point." The Telegraph A careful analysis of the returns from the ballotboxes which have already been used in the colony points to the conclusion that politics are* in a coii ditionof semi-stagnation." (iecloufi Adrscrtiw :— "Government candidates are mostly defeated. There could scaivelv lie a stronger expression of the opinion of the country with lvsped to the leading events of the last Parliament, Nor is there any valid reason to believe that the other ] Kilt ions of the colony will differ in their verdict from that delivered with so much linnuiuiitv and intense interest on Wednesday last." The Ecmo mitt:—" It is ccrtain that never did a ministerial sclieme fall more flatly on the public ear than that ol' Mr. Francis. In no case •whatever lias it been received with a vestige of enthusiasm." Respecting the skeletons found at Redcsdale, the Kyudon Gmrdum has the following fuller particulars " On 24th March a hul named Charles Riddcll discovered portions of a human skeleton at the Horseshoe Bend, ou the Coliban near Redcsdale. The remains consisted of a skull, the two shoulder blades, part of tlie vertebra 1 , and a rib; and it was evident tliat they had lieen there for several years, The discovery was reported to the Rodesdale police, by whom possession was taken of the bones, and diligent search made for tlie remainder of the skeleton, but without an additional Jjone having l>eeii found. There is only too great reason to believe that underlying the discovery is another of our many liidden crimes or tragedies. It is almost certain that the 'tones were placed where tbev were found for the sake of secrecy, as from the position of the place it is extremely unlikelv tliat any living person would have lain down to die there. Some years ago a man named Lam Donoghuc, who was known to have a considerable sum of money, was suddenly missed from the Horseshoe Bend, mid 110 trace of him was afterwaids foiuicL At the time of his disappearance it was suspected tliat he had been made away with, but no facts could lie taken hold of to justify the suspicion, mid after a time the affair was forgotten. It is now conjectured that these remains are his, and that he was muidered. There is notliing, however, by which the lxmes am be identified, not a seiap of clothing, button, or boot nail having lx-eu found near the place. A <lay or two licforc a portion of another skeleton was found near the Horseshoe Bend, but there is haidlv a doubt that this was of an ulwriginal, ns close to it were found a couple of stone tomahawk heads, such as the blacks fonucrly used, as well as a number of shells which had evidently done duty iu the personal adornment of some* blackfellow or his lubra. Both sets of remains are now at the police camp, Redcsdale." 