ADELAIDE. April 6. The Sues mail has arrived. The Ceylon pearl-fishery has re-commenced after eleven years' cessation. A splendid coffee crop is expected. The famine in Bengal is assuming a serious aspect. The Government are straining every I nerve to cope with the emergency, but the difficulty of obtaining means of transit for the snpplies sent up country is a great drawback. The formation of Relief Funds is general throughout India, the native Princes contri buting handsomely; Serious riots have taken place in Bombay in consequence of a Parsee publican uttering j some expressions derogatory of the prophet Mohamed. There has been bloodshed and !o*s of life, and the Government troops have been called out to quell the disturbance. Lord Napier, of Magdala, has been injured by falling from his horse . The Dutch are making but little progress with the conquest of Acheen, their army being, decimated by cholera. The Buddhists of Japan are awakening to the danger that threatens them through the introduction of Christianity. Railways are likely to be introduced in China. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Council takes place this afternoon. A Court for the revision of the Jury List will be held on Friday next. Mb. J. Yates, the well-known veterinaiy surgeon, from Brisbane, will remain, and can be consulted professionally, at the Royal Hotel, until tbe departure of the next southern steamer, about Thursday next. From Mount Perry we learn that the Com- 1 pany's mine is looking well, and more ore is being raised than at any previous period. anocner sucn property (.ana tne normanoy is believed to be as good) would go far to revive the fallen fortunes of Tenningering, and make it an important centre of industry. Police Court. Saturday. — George Gar diner was brought up on a warrant issued by the Tenningering Bench, for refusing to obey a summons. On the application of Mr. Morton (of the firm of Morgan and Morton), who appeared for the prisoner, a remand was granted till Saturday week, in order to obtain evidence, as it was alleged that the cause for which summons had been issued had been settled. We have received a copy of a little work on Queensland ferns, by Mr. F. M. Bailev. which is likely to prove ia very useful manual to the amateur collector, setting forth, as it does, the distinguishing characteristics of the various genera and species indigenous to the colony in plain and intelligible terms. The descriptions are further assisted by lithographed illnstra trations of the more prominent peculiarities The work is, of course, intended solely as one of reference, and the complaint made in one of our contemporaries aB to its being dry reading, is, therefore, rather out of place. Noticbs of assessment have at length been served on owners or occupiers of property with in the municipality. A Court of Apoeal against such assessment will be. holden on the 27th of the present month, and intending appellants are informed that they have to give notice of appeal in writing to the Council seven days previously. As a verv trenera.1 imnreaaion rire vails that not only the extra rate struck by the Corporation, but the assessment itself on which it is based, is illegal, we Bhotild not be sur prised if many of the ratepayers, disgusted at the conduct of the Council, took the oppor tunity thus presented of raising this point, in the hope— which we trust may be well-founded — of thereby curtailing the power for mis cbicf at present exercised by that body; Possibly this consideration may have some weight with men wh'o are apparently deter' mined to remain uninflueaced by all appeals to their collective sense of honor, if such exists, and may indnce them to bow to tbe unanimous verdict of condemnation lately prononnced on them by the community, and resign. Have von sees the Ghost. —This is the sort of stuff an editor has palmed on him for interesting intelligence: — 'It has been rumored for some time past that a house situated in the suburbs of the town has been haunted by the spirit of a man who hails, it is 6aid. from a far hotter place than even Rock hampton. Although we would not commit ourselves so far as to say that 'All houses wherein men have lived and died are haunted houses,' yet this story has been told ub with so much circumstantiality, and onr friend is so positive that he saw and felt what he de scribes, that we reluctan'ly give the story wider publicity than it has already gained. Says the narrator: — I retired to bed about midnight having spent the evening in lively conversation with a friend who had that day arrived from the country. About 3 a.m. 1 awoke without any apparent cause. The moon was shining in all its brightness, and as T had neglected to draw down the window blind, the room was almost as light as in the daytime Beside my bed stood the well-known form of a friend who had, to my sorrow, died many years previously. He left this world some £14 10s in my debt. There was no mistake about his form or features, for as he faced the window* and the full light of the moon was thrown on him, I had every opportunity of seeing, and I grieve to say, recognising both. That I looked and felt surprised, you can imagine. I essayed to speak, bnt was unsuccessful ; my tongue seemed spell-bound, and yet my mind was at perfect liberty. I tried to persuade myself that this was a hideous dream, and to convince myself, endeavored to leap from the couch, or, at least, sit up. Inconceivable as it may appear, my body remained motionless, rfot a muscle answered my most strenuous exertions. Large beads of perspiration clung to my forehead, and rolled into my eyes, in fliciing excruciating agony, and still I was unable to raise my hand to dash aside the briny rivulets. I reflected in horror on this frightful phenomenon. How long I remained in this semi-comatose state I cannct say, but during the whole period I could distinctly hear the noise made by my deep breathing in har mony with the anxious pulsations of my heart. And meanwhile the figure stood gazing on me with a look half-sorrowful, half- triumphant. I could accuratelydescribe the features and form, but I object. De mortuis nil nisi bonurti. He would have paid me in full, doubtless, had he lived. Presently the figure moved towards the window and my dressing-table. On the latter I had left my purse containing my all. Thoughts of Young,8 line, 'The wretched im potence (of the want) of gold' rushed through my brain With a shriek I leaped to the floor. Strange to say, the minute the basilisk eyes were moved from me, my muscles relaxed. I hurled myself at the man, whom now I regarded as a robber, and running through tbe shadow, came in contact with and upset tbe wssbstand with its appurtenances. Perhaps the strangest part of the narrative remains yet to be told. A few minutes after the fall of domestic crockery my infant daughter, sleeping in tbe nursery at tbe extreme end of the house, was heard to howl dismally. Who knows may she not have seen the apparition 1 I am confident I was wide awake during the whole time, and that the unfeeling suggestion made by my wife tbat the lobster I so much eqoyed at sapper affccted ray liver, is uncalled for, and only worthy of a woman ! Augh !' The adjourned annual meeting of the Chamber of Commerce takes place to-morrow evening, at the offices of the Chamber, Rich mond-street. As this is tha second adjourn ment, and the vacancies on the committee cannot be permanently filled except at the annual meeting, it is particularly desir able that a qnorum should be presertt. Those members of the Chamber who are alive to the usefulness of such an association, and continue to manifest a patriot c interest in its working, may render good service towards this end by stirring up their more apathetic brethren. The children attending the Presbyterian Sabbath School, to the number of about 150, assembled at the Kirk yesterday morniug, and having formed in procession, marshalled by their teachers, marched to the grounds attached to Mr. J. Duncan's residence. Here a spacious marquee had been erected, and swings, bats and balls, and other necessaries for glorious romps had been provided. When we visited the paddock during the afternoon, the scene pre sented was most enlivening. Large numbers of grown folks, there being no counter attraction, had assembled and entered thoroughly into the spirit of the festivity. The amount of tea, 'cookies,' cakes, lollies, and fruit that was consumed during the day wonld appear incre dible if put in print, and yet there were many baskets-full left after every one was satiated with good things. It would be invidious to particularise any one of the committee or teachers as having distinguished themselves in keeping the little ones amused. In fine, all, in ministering to the children's amusement seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. The gathering did not disperse till sundown. Dur ing the day several races were run for prizes, some of which comprise exceedingly handsome books. We append the names of the win- ners : — Boys . 1st Class (Mr. Pyne), A. Meikle- john ; 2nd Class (Mr. Gardner), James Garrett; 3rd Class (Mr. Fairlie), Peter Anderson ; 4th Class (Mr. Miller), R. McGowan ; 5th Class (Mr. Bartholomew), J. McDowall ; 6th and 7th Classes (Masters Robertson and Bartholo mew), R. Hunter. Girls : 1st Class (Mr. McLeod), Margaret McEwan ; 2nd Class (Miss Ross), Margaret Brennan ; 3rd Class (Miss Smith), Miss Groundwater; 4th Class (Miss Tredwin), Agnes Orr ; 5th Class (Miss McEwan), R. McClements ; 6th Class (Miss Miller), Jane Harrison ; 7th Class (Miss Man son). Eliza Garrett ; 8th Class (Miss Cameron) Jessie Berric. The teachers' race was won by Gavin Meiklejohn. There is a sense in which the many sections into which our Christian religion is divided is productive of advantage Want of unity leads to a more severely critical examination of the grounds and objects of our faith — it has a fur ther advantage in the zeal created in the com petinon or nvai votaries, ine latter. However, has its drawbacks. For instance, a case has been reported to us, showing that ' Missions to the Heathen ' are not always productive of unmixed good to the benighted beings on whose behalf they are undertaken. A Kanaka female, now living on Magnolia Plantation, is a native of an island on which a Catholic and a Protestant mission are each earnestly bent on 'catching souls.' The two missions arc situated on opposite sides of the island, oc cupied respectively by different and hostile tribes, and the latter vary their divergent, and perhaps somewhat monotonous, courses of catechetical instruction by occasionally making war upon and'murderiug or taking cacli other captive, all for the love of God In the course of one of these Crusades, the girl in question^ who belonged, by right of prior conversion, to the Protestant community, was carried off by a war party of those who swore to the banner of Rome, aud became a prisoner, or gaest, of the strange tribe. Here she was 'speedily in doctrinated in the belief that all Protestants, and those who listen to them, are doomed to everlasting destruction, and acting on such belief, very wisely became a member, of that Church outside whose pale there is no salva tion. But the kaleidoscope of war turned round and placed poor — never mind her name ; ' Yarico ' will do — once more among her own people. Now was the Protestant missionary's turn, and, accord ing to the account given by her fellow- laborers, he was lavish of hell-fire both for herself and her ' oerverters,' The consequence was that, bewildered by the mutual incompatibility of two conflicting faiths, cacb of which had been urged on her as the one thing needful, the poor girl's religious belief — such as i.t was — settled down into a vague notion that Bhe was going to 'b'azas,' without even the option of choosing between the. Catholic and the Protes tant place of torment. This notion gradually developed into a monomania, and tbe wretched victim of proselytising zeal now spends her whole time in brooding over her impending doom. We are informed that she re fuses to attend any of the religious services that are performed on the plantation, that a fixed melancholy causes her to shun all com munication with even her own people, and that the all absorbing terror which possesses her renders her useless for wotk of any kind. So much for excessive competition in the Lord's vineyard. Gympie. — An advertisement appears in the Times calling for tenders to work the One-mile Company's ground on tribute. The following paragraphs are from the same journal : — The parcel of 28 tons from No. 4 north Hilton has been crushed at the Gympie Machine, but we have been unable to obtain the exact yield ; we are given to understand that it was about 60 ounces. At the same machine two lots of 2G tons each from No. 1 Hope and No. 4 sourh Jones have also been put through ; the former returned 8 ounces ; the latter's yie'd has not yet been furnished. The produce of a parcel from Nos. 3 and 4 north Lady Mary is being washed up ; and stone from No. 1 south Smith field, Glenmire prospectors, and No. 2 north Lady Mary, is going through. — The residents of the Black Snake will be rejoiced to hear that tbe original and well-beloved name of their district is preserved, it having been re solved to abolish tbe name of Mi Mi, which it seems Was an appellation suggested by a local official. From a gentleman lately from Lake Elphin stoue we learn that the copper selec' ions in that locality are showing very promising surface indications of lodes which appear to contain a large perceutage of copper, Messrs. Hess Bros, have a selection with first-class looking lodes cropping out of the surface, and for some time past these gentlemen have been testing the value of their property with continuous encouraging results. One lode, about a foot in width at the surface, increased as it was fol lowed down to something like six feet at a depth of five fathoms, and when our informant left the lode still appeared to be widening. There are two or three other selections adjoin ing the one under notice, and these also afford undoubted signs of cupriferous deposits in large and payable quantities. Two of our towns men respectively possess a large interest in these selections, and judging from the 'shows' to be seen on their ground, as told to us, we believe they will eventually find their specula tions turn out profitable. We trust to give shortly a more detailed account of the pros pects of thejeopper country near Lake Elphin stone. —Mackay Mercury, 