INCIDENTS AND ADVENTURES OF MÏ HUN HOME; . [BY AN At7STHAI.IAN.J (CON'rrjíUED.) ' Wo had-coma down to tho seashore by a cloop ravlno, made by a cloft in tho liinostona formation prodominant in the district. Winding and clothed with a:'thick shrubby undergrowth, the view was obstructed until suddenly wo canie upon the ocoan, glorious, far-strotching, and solemnly grand in its loneliness, and desolation,. Tremulous and silver mod in tho beams of tho wintry , sun lay the limitless plain of tho rarely slumberous Atlantic. I Co tho oastword ¡1 purple ridge of mountains cast i wann ^shadow over tho soft-hueel deep. The ,leaked island thnt we wero to visit roso Jiko an czure cloud out of tho bosom of tho main. Won irous was tho calm beauty of the scene in tho raro flouring aud tranquillity of the day. As wo glided rom tho beach, "with tho faintest air that ronderod ?ni's unnecessary,, tho almost unearthly beauty >C tho siurroundings.extortoü admiring comments . rom the whole iiarty. - J "You .must have had thia day packed up and ? - lint overland, Rolf," said O'Grady, indolently dip .ing his hand in tho wator as -wo loy dreamily in lia storn. "It never belongod to Connemara by ight, eh fathor ?" .. lt iô indeed a very lovely'day," said the Priest. lt seems to mo us if tho seasons wero'changlng, >' else that I nm getting old; fortheré aro not half 10 fino days thora used to bo when I was a boy. lany a day have I sailed and fished in these very .ators. 1 remember well tho ' first hare I killed ; was round that point "wo havo just passed. I as about twelvo years old, and I had borrowed nu . kl rusty duck-gun that lind seen servicomoiiy a dar ago, and boon hid in a bog for half a year at timo. I saw a flue jack-hnro sitting up nnd cashing his face,''ns the gossoons say, with his . iws ; so 1 crawled uri, and resting the ould pioco r' cannon on a sand hillock, knocked him oven' id mysolf ut the ono timo. ' Sure, I thought; my illar-00110 was broko intirely." » . " Thosowero jollyjdayfl,"said Maurice j "wo wore 11 young then, that s the rason the days aro shortor id 'not so ?' bright, summer or winter. Manya tko nnd fair 1 wont to, and was novor so happy . whon I could stoal away among tho country . opio, joining in their dtiiicos and sports, hnd inking whisky out of an egg-shell, -when glasses .>ro pcaroo." "Was that tho time thai Molly Ogo-miro, sho was (» (ino colleen, intirely- curried your honour over o f.urm ford, after the wako at l'aud!><?en iJTerty'o ?" ealtl l'ntsoy, with 1111 nh' of gront .uplicity. , . ,.. " The some," enid Maurice, slightly confuser! " tho fact v/äs, that this Paudheon, or little Pi Rafferty, was a rich ould miser, and his friend coining into a good sum of money, had the greatei wake over him that ever was seen. I and Ne Athy's brother, Fergus, and a few more wild sli] of lads got away to it, and between dancing wit the country girls, and the whisky, and tho generi excitement, 1 was not altogether so clour in th head as I might havo been ; not quito up t taking delivery of a largo station, eh Rolf P "Wei ,a lot of the country people went off with us pal of tho way homo, and all went well till w came to a brook, a little swollen with a mountai ïresh. I was looking at it doubtfully, as the girl took off their shoes and stockings, and marcho boldly in-when this Mary Connor, or Molly Og< a Uno, handsome, strapping lass, stooped down an took me up, pick-a-back, a*, if I' were a child. was light enough then. "Well, we went alon famously, the water a trifle over knee-deep, whe: just in tho middle, it occurred to me to bestow half-a-dozen kisses on her plump cheek; my ormi alreadyround her neck, being conveniently pince *. for tho operation." . *' How. did she approve of that species of pay mentP" . ? :; ' '. I can't be sure whether she liked it or . not, said O'Grady, cautiously, " but the next moment found myself on the broad of my bock in the Lurra with the prospect of a wettish walk home, and ai inconveniently good story against me in the coun try for months after. . Roth expectations developei into certainties-indeed, I was laughed at s< much, th at I really believe it" led me to think o Australia.", :.'?<? " Oh 1 fortunate and most benign Mary Oge,' said I, "but you're such a consistently lucky fellow Maurice, that if; you had gone to South America Uko Jack Hamilton, or stayed at home, or enlistee in the Guarcls,.you would have become a capitalis all;the same. Some people.can't help it.".'.. " See iiow," interposed the Prisât, " we're getting nearer to the island. We have, the not with us "Wo shall be in good-time for,.a;haul, and whait broil we shall have." . Wo reacbe"d'tlie island, which rejoiced in a round tower, time- worn,.venerable, and. of vost ago;, itf verj' use and purpose a puzzlo to antiquaries and to patriotic historian's. . A cavern, too, deep and spacious compared to thc size of tho island; had. formerly been the tempo ; rary abode of distressed royalty.'ana later, a con ! veiuont depot for smuggled, spirits. We set the boatmen to haul the net while we explored the . recesses of the cave,- and sharpened. the appetite j which the fresh breath of the ocean haa com i menced to arouse... .. . ..: , "Sure, I remember the time,"-said the Priest, "that no one would have gone ,rashly ,into thc Uaiinh na ri (the king's chamber) .that wo are now entering. Besides ' a ? stray ghost, supposed to be handy, there was tho ebonee of i meeting a band of smugglers, . keeping hid . for the next. moonless night, and a bold run." Very pleasantly.passed tho day: Towards even- ing we sailed ctilmly homewards with a. taint breeze, just sulHaient to-lill the immense sheet of tho bioad- beiuued weatherly, littlo, craft :,which could linvo told many à tale of heavy seas'and winter galles, in which larger boats had boen glad to lie to. But for u?, tho calm waters bore no hint of the wrath of ocean-of wailing fisher- wives, or of sons and'.futliùrs who had left'all blithely tho cot by tho.loiiely beach; to .which they returned no; moro, or wore borho as corpses with tho seaweed mingled with their tangled hair. As the sun faded out in .the short light of: the winter day the glories of earth, sea, and sky were painted in rich and evor-clionging colours upon the fleeting cloud, battalions which rose ns if marshalled and ranked by unheard truinpot calls in the clear pale light of ove.. The mountains robed in regal purple, flamed for a space in the golden Are of thc dying sunset/.the lonely cliffs, which lined tho shore to tho eastward, grew sombre and darksome of hue, long beforo, the soft, gloom of. twilight quenched the sunset tabard-'.' white and golden, crimson blue." Tho shimmering ocean-plain lay calm and softly tremulous, ns tho stars stealing out ono by one wrote themselves in faint fire upon its besom, while the hush of nature was deeply, almost terribly, profound, as on tho groat fiords in tho far north land, whore winter-reigns with iron crown, and long deserted ships drift weirdly with Cupping sail and helmless course , down lonely chnnnols into a nameless sea. _ " How wondrously beautiful," said I, at longth as wo with ,one nccord broke the long silence. "Thero.is tho charm of the unearthly about this closing ' Eceuo of our droamy-. holiday. There is not a sound or sign of human habitation within ken ; ono might almost expect to see old Othere's Arctic phonomenon, it is so freezingly cold. And through the darkening haw. Wo uaw the aullen Mazo.. Of tho red midnight sun. " I wonder what they did for dinner," said th realistic Maui'ico, ,*'Isn't that the end of tin Priory wharf,*Patsoy ?" , - " Sure your honour is right,'* said Captain Patsèj " 'tis many ii wild night ! aeon about liere. We'l bo hauling her into tho boat-house in twent; minutes." ['.' :. ,, . ' " Thank tho'gods," I assented, " dinner won't b a very remote fact whon' that peremony is con eluded. Tho'nemo of enjoyment is to be able ti tiro one's solf, reasonably, and then to reach homt with a well-grounded conviction that the dinne: and tho'npiiotitos sro equally sincero. But, badi nage apart," I, coutinued, " how oddly, it oftei happens thn£ out of the midst of a day of enjoy ment Uko this a sudden presentiment of . evi shapes itself, like n black.' eidolon.' Such a ono i at my heart now." ' . '. , "Take a drop of whisky," said Maurice ; "nv flask ¡Bii't quite empty. Most of these things ar material, eh l ather r" " And you think' curablo' by "the materials," an swered ho laughing. " Who knows? Well, her we wo. I fool, too, as if I had been out o the ; world. for., a holiday, and was ¡going back ' t school." .' ... , - " By the < powers," said Maurico, surveying'u with comical aternnoss, .'.' for a couple of men tim have seen something of'the world, ye possess c degree ol sentiment that makes a: hardened sinhe like myself feel' ashamed'of himself. , Howevei as -we are going over to Mount Blako to-morrow I'll trust to claret and faimil society to effect i euro of. nry friend, Rolf, hore;" v >. ? -. . " Which I daresay will bo found effectual,"; nnawerod, making an. effort to throw off my suddoi gloom.- " I oxpect ray letters are awaiting me ove: tlioro, and wo shall have a lot of news from Bush land." .' ..;.. . ? ; . . » ,,»... .#.,..## * * , #. - The noxt morning found us spinning along ir O'Grady'a buggy,.having; said' good-bye to Fnthei O'Hara, and left .Maurice's " improvements" to de- velop thomsolvos under the energetic superintend- ence of Johnny Branagan, who assured mo that about another year would soe hun outward bound, and ready for another bout of cattle droving, wire fencing, dry soasouB, opthalmta, ? well- digging, ' uionoy making, and all tho varied pains ana plen suro» of Riverina. ..'.'.:'.' ' " . " Thero's some chance of going n-hcad out there, Mr. Boldrewood,"'said tho lioneBt follow, as he gripped my hand at parting till every flngor tinglod again. " In this old-fashionod country there's nothing to ho done but spond monoy in handfuls, and very little to show for lt. Tho governor has a pretty good bank account, or he couldn't stand it long. And thou, ruy word, Bupposo one of these fellers was to,,tako a pot shot at him. Only for tho Priest I'm not too suro thoy wouldn't. Isn't it a rum start, l'ancy any ono sending a lotter to old Bunter, or Thomson Brothers to say thoir last hour was como 1 Ila, ha I Wouldn't it bo a lark i"- . "You forgot the bushrangers," said I, "they occasionally did something In. that lino, oven in our fnvoured lnnd." "Well, so I suppose tiley did," admitted he, scratching his hoad.reflectively; "but what was half-a-dozen , men in about five hundrod miles square. I nover used to givo 'em a thought. Be- sides, tlioy fought protty fair. But there's many a, thousnud of those chaps, and you're bound to bo in their sight night nnd day. However, we're all right, thanks .to Father O'Hara, and that's mostly what Wvo got'tb look to. Good-byor again, sir, ami good luck ull tho-way homo." . .. ,; Our arrivai.nt Mount ;Blnke tvas tho signal for an amount of grateful greeting which would have warranted thu .supposition that we had boon, tho survivors of a wreck. Mr. Blake's joy -was not to , ] bo conut'iitud or rollned : away. -.His recoption was touching. With noblo franknoas ho vowed thoy j wore all pining for my return, and that he, Dillon J Blake, was going to bave tempted the perils of j Connemara, and stormed Mnurico's castle, if I had j stayed away another week. j " Sui'o, we were all lost without ye, Boldrowood, 1 mo boy, and Maurice here-we've got used to see ¡tho pair of yo about tho old place. There's no denying the truth, it was mighty lonely without yo both; and as for thu girls- Harriot hadn't Bpirit I onough left to contradict a millinur, and Isidora said-~" " I hope you'll allow mo to toll Mr. Boldrewuod what I said in my own way, papa," interrupted that calm maiden, with a soupçjou of basto rather unusual for her, " and not put any nonsense into my mouth that maj'como into your bend." " Toll him in your own way, darling," said th model parent, in tones of subdued tenderness which would have raised his salary on tho stage with tho least discriminating manager. " I've no doubt he'd rather have it from yourself." "Then.for fear Mr. Boldrowood and Mr. O'Grady should iningino that it was any tiling very dread- ful or appreciative, I had better confess, once for all," said she, with an arch look, which gave her statuesque features that touch of expression ¡md sparkle alono wanting for irresistible fascination, " that I owned to Harriot that wo wore wretchedly dull and low, and that if tho frost would go, and Mr. Boldrowood and Mr. O'Grady como back, that Mount Blake would be a much moro agreeable place." I looked a milliou of thanks, but O'Grady, un- luckily, was not fully satiatied with his proud position as the " bien-venu," and, desirous of con- firmation, inquired-" And what did Miss Harriot say ?" " That slio didn't caro i£ she nover set oyos on Mr. O'Grady again," broko in that young lady, ini Setuously, 'tand that she didn't know whother [ount Blake was more detestably dull in his absence, or disogreeoble in his prosonco." ? Maurice's total collapse was ludicrous to witness. I essayed to make peace, but Isidora, with moro tact, reassured him. \- "Don't believe her, Mr. O'Grady,"said she; ."I won't tell toles out of school, but I've a good mind to tell you iomothing she did say. There's the dinner-bell; perhaps she'll be more.amiable when sho's had something to eat. As for me/ I'm quite famished, and feel cross onough to say anything." . The countenance of our worthy.libst'.wbuld have brightened the tone of nh older and less malleable Ímrty., His smiles, his jokes, MB'paternal advice; lis-.chivalrous, devotion'to Mrs. "Blake, his. deep, tenderness of.-every, look and word to his dough-1 ters.Vthe. general .atmosphere of ¡ welcome, the slightly luxurious-.standard- of ; the cuisine; rather noticeable af tea". Maurice's" bochelor housekeeping, , all .tended to the1thawing of . coldness, and the interchange of . deeper'than-- ordinary confidences. The influence was contagious.;Eyen the' combative Harriet relaxed "considerably,'arid from tke unre- mitting, flow of Maurice's persuasive eloquence I 'judged that an 'armistice hod , been agreed upon, which,unless tho garrison was inoro than ordinarily ^riiseo/'.'ni'ight'not impossibly finish like otlior truces and temporisings.-with a capitulation. ., For-myself,1-! was not'subjected to so severe an 1 ordeal. . Our,converse had-.been amicable, sympa- thetic, and, ns I fancied,-more than ordinarily, cór ' dial. There was a kind frankness of tone, com bined "with ari' occasional 'toüch~óf émotion which Iliad imagined,.but. hod-'never -b'ëen'? so-happy ns to soe ' realised, in the somewhat, too;unruffled serenity of the stately. Isidora. This.slight .but marked change was as enthralling as unexpected. ? I thought the decanters-were urged-' that evening with an'un-, slackened speed not usual with our host, who liked the leisurely;aftor-dinner talk; and- to-linger ovor his wine lovingly. - But 'he proposod ari adjourn- ment to the drawing-room, almost anticipating our motion. .' ,.' ?' -. iv ' ..' '.. :- .. ." Sure, ye musri't - stay gossiping with an ould twaddlo like me,;after' being aWay'Og'es and ages. Icon hold my own with' the womonkind, butl'm doubtful of-my position as a husband nnd father, if wo sat too long this blessed night. In. with'yb boys; I'm going .to soe Andy T>oolon 'for' five minutés ; I believe ye. know your woy." . . ' "Wè were quite up to the geography of the Mount Blake establishment, rather rambling and irregular as it was. Curiously, soon after our arrival in the drawing-room, Mrs. Blake must have had an ap- pointment with her housekeeper, equally important and nearly as protracted as that of Mr. Blake, with bis half stoward, half factotum, Andy Doolan, "When that respected lady returned to the drawing room,! had had a reasonable opportunity,"of which I fully availed myself, to pour out my soul's long- ini prisoned needs and raptures in the ear of tho glorious dream-bride of my spirit, and, while watching the shifting colour pale and bloom upon the marble brow, had read my reward'in ono softenod look from her wondrous eyes-folt tho firm, sweet clasp of her snowy; hand-,.'and had receivéd a clear . and ? distinct permission ? to confor .upon the momentous question with her father/upon the happy morrow,that was to dawn upon me. , -,' . , ;, ':' '!;,,..* .«"., '... ' ., *.-". He returned j uBt in time to witness the depart- ure of "tho lady part of tho household, and with a voice thick with emotion'to propose an unmediate adjournment,to the smoking-room. . ' ? Little passod in that snug: sanctum beyond our usual careless talk, though, it was plainly ovident that we stood on a moro .confidential footing than ordinary. But, as we prepared to separate for tho night, Ï told Mr. Blake thot-I hoped for a few min- utes conversation with.him' in the morning, upon a matter of importance to mo.' He wrung my hand with'emotion, and a look ot once penetrating and 5 yet of joyous anticipation carno into his foco as he j said- "' V I .' .' In the library, after breakfast, my hoy, I shall \ ba quito at your service."- I (TO BB CONTINUED J . I Tim following extract from a paper on 'railroad, signalling, road boforo tho Engineers* Club of St. Louis (Mo.), by Mr. 'C. A, Smith, is interesting as bearing on tho evils which oriso from indistinct signalling :-Tho uso of colours is most commonly mulo tho basis of sig- nals, 'and; at night coloured lights aro universally em- ployed. -For tho day. signals tho use of target boards with itwo, colours ia muon bpttor.than when tho target is all bf ono colour. Tho slrongost contrast is botweon blackfand'. white,, uot' rod . anti uwhite. . Bed malees a stronger contrast with 'oxtornal objeots than any other colour. . Ono of tho'best switch signals ,on tliis system shows whito on a black ground for trains in ono Uireo. 'tion', i and blaok'on a white ground, for trains in the othor¡uirootion, when Bot on tho main traok. Tho movablo contre shows tho inrget.nll of ono colour, whon tho 'aivitoh is off the main lino; Tho Uno of colours is open \o soveral objootions. . 'Tho brlUianoy and pernia .nenoy, of the contrasts ave hard to proservo in bad weatlior ; but'' moro especially in Jpeoullar lights anil bertain positions of tho sun it is almost impossiblo to distinguish tho symbols. , A caso in point ocourrod re- cently, nt a crossing whoro two trains tried to eros» ut tho samo timo, and whero both of the ongino-drivors sworo to having tho targot in their favour1 ; and ns they .vero at a full stop within COO foot of tho signal, tho question was only Bottled by referring to tho sig- nalman, and it was thon disoovorod by tho bffioors of tho road that nt tho givon timo in tho afternoon no man could tell how tho signal was.sot, although it had boon in uso about n yoar boforo this accident happoned. Cases ¡of colour blindoss are' by no moans uncommon, and ¿no was found In an cngino-drivor who had run for ton years. .. A znuoh bettor . system ta'»hosed on tlio 'change of form willah tho tarpot undergoes when viewed .from a distance: A chnngo from a rootangular board to a diso, for instanco, or from ono position of an arm to anothor. Tho " all right''.signal should always bo.a positivo.signal, not tho more absence of that to I stop ; in tho lottor oaso a man might passsuoh a signal, for months without, hoing1 halted by it, and become caroloBS in:. consequence.1', "Viewed in all, lights, tho semaphore arm; projecting from tho sido of a vortical post,' scorns'to bo tho best for ute in tho daytime. A short' timo since,tho curious-' phenomena pre santod by loaves of Dosera attraotod somo attention ' inooncotlon with observations by Prof. Uurdon- Sandór son and others. It ia known that ifa hair or hairs in tho median lino of a loaf ,bo 1 irrltntod, all tho othiis huir» (inclino towards, that point, and it is tho lang hairs near tho , circumforonco that move most. A French iobsorvor, Mr. Zioglor,' has boon studying tho quostlon, how the irritation is communioatod from tho I central to the outor hairs. Ho hos minutely trocad tho .' system bf trnohw found in Drosoro, There in at indira ?roooo(Hnct f rom tho top of each gland, passing along ho axis of tho hair, through tho loaf and petiole into tho atom. From oxporiments in willoh he tub some of tho bundlos of, tracheae (io paralysing certain hairs), ho 'concludes, that it is by those organs, or tho fibres round thom,'that tho irritation is transmutent from ono bnir , to another ; and. that tho - movements ot hairs at the ' olvcunifnroiioo aro not reilox inovomciits produced hy a Htimulntion starting from a centro rjjtuateil ' olsovriiaro . in tho leaf. He thinks tho tracheio may coúim'.inicñtó j with onoh other laterally at-'thoir . points of contact (though thoy do ¿ot uuiiatomoso).. ... . ... , ., .. ... .'.: j :.',*"'.' '. ; ,.i.'ii - '" " ' ?' ~i- '.. '".'"j ' .'I:'1 ' ':' "! 'rv'::i'' ;'.'. ?'3\vYÍ;.;'; ::'/:: ? ll ? .'.".--.,.- ' - 