THE THKATRE ROYAL. Mb. Faibolough a s t - b i p On Saturday ni^ht " King Lear" was played -at the theatre to afair house, the dress circle especially being better filled than ordinarily. Rarely of late years, onthe colonial stage particularly, has/this grand and poetic old tragedy been produced, and considering the guise in which it is now presented we snust say the seldomer the better. We do not in this instance refer to the performers—for the leading parts at least were admirably impersonated—but to the text and action of the drama itself. It is to be hoped sincerely that "Sweet Will's" own line has applied to himself, and.that " After life's fitful fever he sleeps well," for if there be any truth in the theories of Messrs. Home and Foster's disciples, that disembodied spirits still move in human circles, walk the scenes of their earthly labours, and tike an > interest in mundane affairs, what an unquiet ghost must be that of the unfortunate poet, for he Bees daily the brightest conceptions of his genius hacked,, hashed, and transformed through the weak interpolations with which Tate, : Cibber, Diyden," and others, who j "With their darkness durst affront his light," ! have marred his work. " King Lear" has un- j fortunately been honoured with a more than ! ordinary amount. of attention in this respect, and Mr. Tate has been highly successful in i ruining the romance, effectually destroying | the wit, and- bedimming the author's j meaning. An attempt is made to copy j the language pf the inaster, with . a jbuccc highly ^ suggestive of- prophet Joe Smith's j plagiarisms of.' : Scriptural fprms. of speech in J his Mormon -Bible. As where he commences i —" And it cafne. to pass br these days," so far ! good, ''that they .all , got on a spree." The j. latter part pf the text is Joe's own original idea, and in it the.m&n;'a inherent ribaldry comes out naturajly and unconsciously. So the interpolated passages in the play under review are Shak- ^n^arisn in the manner, but in the matter as unlike as daylight iC The situations too are altered as well as the text, &Hd; inS pl?t even remodelled. Cordelia does npt marry the King ; of France, but loves and is beloved of Edgar; whilst an extra motive is sought fcr Edmund's j villanv by _ making, him a. rival suitor for j her hand. The character of Oswald is ; represented simply as. that of a buffoon. Worse sacrilege still, the personage in the original play who ranks next in importance to the King—the profund, the witty, the sarcastic but true-hearted fool, the prince of Shaksperian jesters—on whom depends all the wit and many of the most telling passages in the piece, is. entirely eliminated. Then the dialogue is so altered and transformed that it is impossible for any one to follow it, and say whether the actors adhere to the text or not. Indeed, were but the name of the drama and characters changed it would be no more like "King Lear" than are the one-half of modem pieces to each other—that is to say, a mere family resemblance. We noted an alteration in the mode of performing the play from what we have before witnessed, namely, that probability and pathos are maintained by allowing the poor, wronged, and wretched King to die poetically, as the author intended him to do, on the bosom of his murdered ' daughter, instead of restoring him to crown and sceptre, which could be to him but as baubles, and to a majesty which would be an insupportable burden. Of King Lear as rendered on Saturday night we cannot speak in terms of unqualified commendation; nevertheless we are bound to say that the audience seemed perfectly satisfied, bestowing much applause throughout, and at the termination calling Messrs. Fairclough, Carey, Holloway, and Miss Bowring ! before^ the curtaiii. Mr. ^Fairclough's ^ Lear, ii though -u not i one of -c t-i- his i best i. interpretations i i of ' ' Shakspearian character, is yet a highly artistic performance, and considering the mutilated condition of the text, perhaps as good as should be expected. Some scenes were ^specially telling, and the passion and agony of mmd of the ill-used father admirably portrayed, but in the earlier portions an excess of vigour and vehemence was perceptible for an old man of eighty odd years. 2 he most effective portion of the play was the tempest scene,, commending %ith the grand apostrophe to the'wild elements,."Blow winds and crack your cheeks." ' In the mad soenes,' too, he quite carried the sympathies of the audience by the' infinite . pathos with which he presented the poor imbecile , Sing. In the recovery scene the -varying play cf feature was admirable, and the assumption of childish weakness most touching and natural. Cordelia in the hands of Miss Bowling was an enjoyable impersonation. The innate nobility and truthfulness of the heroine were well brought out, whilst her filial tenderness and devotion were depicted in a maimer which appealed strongly to the feelings, of her hearers. We were glad to see Mr. Carey in a rdle in which he had a chance of displaying the talent he undoubtedly possesses. His Edgar was - a masterly performance, and the three phases of the character kept entirely distinct; the only fault noticeable is that to which he is most prone, namely, in emotional passages a jerkiness of delivery. As Poor Tom he supported Mr. Fairdough most capably, and .contributed greatly to the success of the ecenebetween the mad kingand the supposed Wandering lunatic. He also looked well, and acted with appropriate spirit in the last act as the champion of his own and father's vnongs. , Mr. Holloway, who deserves credit for his artastio pnake-up—a point,-aad by a no means immaterial one, in which he always excels—performed the put of the treacherous Edmund with care and credit. As the Earl of Kent Mr. Walsh was moderately successful, but was wanting in dignity. His dress, too; was very inappropriate as the trusted servant of the King, being that of a peasant. We take exception to Oswald being made a comic clown, but Mr. Power, will probably advance the authority of Mr. Tate for so portraying him. Miss Ansted gave an efficient rendering to the rC]e of the haughty unnatural Goneril, and Mr. West did what' was required of him as her husband Albany. We are sorry we cannot say anything in praise of Mrs. West's Began, as it is the most important part in which which she has appeared, but this lady will require to very considerably subdue her style ere she make even a moderate actress. Mr. Lewis was completely out of his .element as Gloster, so we must be lenient to his palpable faults. ' By the way, what has become of our pleasant little friend Mrs. Roberts of late ? Have the Management overlooked her altogether? Though possibly Shakspearian tragedy is somewhat out of her line of art, yet being a natural actress we feel sure that she is capable of something more than mere soubrette or extravaganza parts. " King Lear" will be placed on the boards again this evening, and should draw a good 'house if only to see Mr. Fairclough's exposition of the character. Its novelty also should be an inducement. for there must be numbers of Adelaideans who have never had an opportunity of witnessing its production. 