nisonnrcit AT IHJMK. I liO.vnov, Ai'iirsT 10. j News (wm Home states that severe Inter- nationalist dist urbane es aro occurring there. A TEM34.KAH was rcccivctl in town yesterday Afternoon, stating that thc charge against Alfred Walker and his wife, for stealing the box nf n. fellow- passenger, was dismissed at thc Gladstone Police Court yesterday. This is the case to which we referred in Monday's Bulletin as ono of great hardship upon au honest couple. ' Tua Volunteers parade this evening, and notice is given in our advertising columns, which non-attending memher3 should give heed to. MAILS for St. Lawrence and Mackay, per Tinonee-, s.s., close on Friday evening at C, for registered letters, and on Saturday morning at 8, for ordinary luttera aud newspapers. Tuc incoming mail steamer Jeddah left Batavia for Australia two days before her tiine, and is duo at Brisbane ou Tuesday next, the 18th instant. Sile will therefore be duo at Keppel Bay about thirty-sis: hours earlier, that is, on Sunday night or Monday morning. AT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, Benjamin Brown was brought up for drunkenness, and pleaded guilty ; fined ¡ia., or 24 hours' in tho colls, liohert McMeiu, on a similar charge, was dis- missed with a caution, liohert Cross was charged with disorderly conduct in Bolsovcr slrcet; lined lOi., or in default 21 hoars' in' tho lock-up. WE have to acknowledgo receipt, amongst Other Elstern papers, of tho Japan ¡tail, a fortnightly journal issued at Ycddo. lt is neatly printed, aud contains a large quantity of reading matter, chiefly, however, ou con- troversial question of very slight interest to Australian colonists. Still the paper is ouo of which thc Kuglish-spcaking Japanese may well ho proud. Tun overdue Springsure and Barcoo mails arrived last night. The Postmaster at Gains- ford reports that, in going up last trip, the Springsure mailman wau thrown hy his horse, which then bolted away with tho saddle and bridle. Thc mailman lost a day through the accident, and so accounts for the mail being late. At Gainsford the mail to Rockhampton starts only three times a-weck, and hence an- other day was lost there. AK adjourned licensing meeting waB hold in tho Court House, East-street, yesterday, before Mr. P. Macarthur, P.M., and Mr. O. Harden, J.P., when tho following applications were heard : Mr. Fergus Burne, country publican's license at Herbert's Creek. Adjourned for 14 days. Mr. Adam Schueider, country publican's lieenso at Marlborough. Adjourned till Tuesday next. Applications for the transfer ot thc European Hotel and bagatelle licenses from Martin Zimmerman to William Flynn were granted. Application was also made hy Jolm Beattie for removal of license from Gainsford to thc Pawsou Bridge. Adjourned till Tuesday. Janet Macgregor applied for removal of license from Skardou's llotcl to tho Glasgow Arms, which was granted. THERE was a very fair house at tho Theatre Royal last evening to witness thc second pre- sentation of tho sensational drama, " Thc Duel in tho Snow." Everything went oft" smoothly, and several artists wore enthusias- tically and frequently applauded. The last scene was particularly effective, when the ghost of the former wife of Sir Charles Audry appeared upon the scene to fullil her dying prediction uttered a twelvemonth previously. All the accessories, the scenes, &c;, worein good keeping with tho season of winter, which they were intended to represent, mid, all things considered, thc piece has been well put upon the stage. Thc niiiBical interlude which wound up thc performance, and in which Mr. aud Mrs. Dan Briggs appeared, sent tho audience away in great good humour. Thc same programme is announced for the last time this evening. ANKXT the collection of the electoral lists for Clermont, tho Telegram reports:-The number of qualified electors is likely to ex- ceed five hundred, though a considerable number of thc residents at Copperfield have not been iu the colony yet for six months. A good many Germans and Scandinavians, who aie otherwise qualified, have not yet gone through the form of naturalisation, and cannot he enrolled ; but it is not too late. If they will only step up to the Court House and get a form from tuc Clerk of Petty Sessions, nud then swear before the Police Magistrate allegiance to thc Queen, clinching the matter hy the payment of four shillings and sixpence, they will be entitled to vote, and to acquire landed property. THE Yass Courier, speculating upon the ap- pointment of Sir James Martin as Administra- tor of the Government during the absence of tho Governor to Fiji, says :-"Thc Governor's mission to Fiji will probably necessitate thc appointment of Sir James Martin, Chief Justice of thc colony, as Administrator of thc Government dnriug his absence. Sir James1 upward steps (should such prove thc case) will have lcd him to an elevation of which the attorney's clerk may have dreamed, but to which lie could scarcely have ever hoped to attain. It would bc strange if (a crisis occur- ing during the absence of Sir Hercules Robinson) tile resignation of Mr. Parkes should have to he tendered to Sir James Martin." Tim MICLERE DIC;UIN<;S.-We have learnt all particulars about thc state of affairs at thc Miclere. Before thc last ram there was only a small supply of water, and those who were working thc best claims only washed up sntii cicut for their immediate wants. Consequently when thc creek came down, and Hooded out all thc workings for a time, there were con- siderable heaps of washdirt ready to be operated upon. Ono party washed out uinc ounces to the load, others six, seven, ami eight ouncs. About ono hundred yards of the fiat only has been proved to contain gold to this extent, but .a further dcvelopmcut may be reasonably anticipated. We question whether any of the Palmer men, who have had to pay three shillings per pound for flour, can beat the above returns. Thc sinking runs about thirty feet, through au alluvial drift.-P. D. Telegram, August 8. WE (Peal- 'no-Mi T«hgr,i:n) have seen and tasted as tine a specimen of tho granadilla os eau he produced anywhere, grown in Dr. Caudiottis' garden, in Clermont. In size it equals, and in ilavour, if anything, it surpasses, tho Brisbane fruit of tho same kiud. Thc plaut scents to thrive exceedingly well herc, and will, no doubt, replace tho ordinary passion-fruit in many of thc gardens. Dr. Caudiottis' jujube tree is also now in bearing, but it seems valuable as a handsome shade tm*, rather than as a fruit bearer. Wc were shown yesterday a few cubs of corn from a latp crop of corn grown last season on Saud y Creek,' near Parsons' Lagoon, by Mr. C. Williams. They measured from eight to eleven inches ju length, and seven to eight inches in circumference. Finer cobs are not grown in Queensland. GOL» LF.ASIH.-lu reply lo the petitioiijnd drosscd to the Minister for Works aud Mines by thc miners of this lichl (says thc Jàrocalr, Millchester) complaining of the wholesale system of leasing, which was being carried on on this field, and thc injurious eti'oets arising therefrom to tho community at large, tho fol- lowing communication has been received from thc Under-secretary for Works, and handed to us for publication:-"Brisbane, .lune 20, 1874.-Gentlemen,-Referring to your com- munication of 19th May last touching the issue of gold leases upon thc Charters Towers gold-lields, and assigning reasons why such leases should not bc issued, I am desired by the Secretary for Public Works to inform you that he concurs generally iu the j views you have expressed, and 1 mn to observe"the New Cold-lields Bill now before '? Parliament contains a proviso that no gold j leases shall bc granted upon any field until two ' years hare elapsed alter tlic proclamation thereof.-I have tho honour to he. Gentle- men, your obedient servant, A. O. ITERBEHT. -To .Messrs. Kelly, Colt, JJromie, and others. Charters Towers.1' It will lie seou hy this that monopoly will he put a stop to, and that tho Nc»' Gold-fields Act (thanks to Mr. Macrossan) contains a useful provision with regard to leasing. Wc do not think, howevor, that it will affect any of those applications made prior to thc proclamation of the new hill. MOST of your readers, (says the Courier's Sydney correspondent) have boon made aware ere this that tho explorer Maine has made tracks for the wild north- west, in search of Classan aud the Leichhardt relics, which, if Hume's statements-made when he first arrived herc-are trae, cannot he of a very interesting kind. Tiic Minister for Lauds, Mr. Farnell, shared your own Surveyor Gcncral's doubts ns to tho truth of Hume's story, and consequently declined to equip another expedition ; but ho refunded all the money spent by Hume for telegrams sent to tho Now South Wales Government in connec- tion with the object for which he left Sydney and visted tho Northern Territory. though declining to aid him iu any way nî^î member of the Government, he did not ope», state his opinion that Hume was an impostor ; neither did he prevent his subordinates iu tho Lauds OJlicc from taking the matter up on their own behalf. Mr. Da Faur, to .whose exertions is due thc fact that Hume has started, was indefatigable iu his endeavours to secure money for outfitting the party, aud purchasing horses aud arms ; and he contrived to raise thc necessary funds among his own personal friends, without troubling thc general public. After a few false starts, the party, composed of Hume (leader), Glazcbrook aud forester, and a volunteer, named Gascoigne, managed to get as far north as Murrurundi, where a quarrel arose aud a secession took place, thc men refusingtoproceed further with Hume, in whom they appear not to bavo placed auy confidence. Gascoigne returueil to Syduey, Glazebrook and Forester departed elsewhere, aud Hume was forced to obtain recruits in thc neighbourhood. The new company have taken a north-westerly route, and doubtless you will hear of them ns soonas they arrive in Quecnslandterritory. The general impression herc is that Mr. Du Faur and his friends have beeu hoaxed by the " whito-blackfcHow," os Hume is termed. Thc statement of Mr. Ernest Giles, that Leichhardt could never have crossed that portion of Australia marked by the overland telegraph line without leaving some traces, which must have beeu found uv him, is very generally believed. The probability is that Leichhardt perished somewhere east of the South Australian boundary. 