v 4 CAPl?AL\GUObT STORY. I . .--.; ,,ALL ABOUT A OHOST. ?'-, ..Prom time,; to time we ,(S/ioalliavcn iVews) ,. hayo , received startling ,, intel- ligence, from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that, have , boon Moon by many, persons, : soiuo . of whom .'are ^jciauna nub unuiy lu , . ue , cniTLCa nway byidlqfaiicios. ; Mr., Kpbert,-Viiliams, who has but recently ' gone to reside at Bamerang, has .beemi! terrified, his faithful watch-dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of un apparition. On Tues day night Williams's family was startled by what seemed to, be , a man walking up and down t)ie verandah with heavy nailed boots. Tho dog, who . appears to have heard tho noisu, and, it would seem, also saw the cause of it,, was rushing about in a most frantic tnan jim, mm wuiuu ovory now ana then make adesporato spring at the intruder, but finally gave up, tho. contest in sullen silence.. The ,ghost,t,in- defiance of all locks, , bolts, and bars, entered tho house; and ?Williams then saw the figure; of a man, dressed npparently in the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where Mr. aud Mrs. Williams were lying and pulled the bed clothes, off tho bed,, and; lay, down beside. Williams, who, how ever could feel nothing, when he put his1 hand, out .to.tquch it. After a while the, , apparition went to where there was. a crosscut saw standing, which it sounded several times as if beating time to: music, After keeping Williams and: his family in a terrified state some time his ghostship departed. Williams avers that helms heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and, challenges all; un believers togoandlstop at his house and judge for themselves. Other persons, a»owe,have bpforo stated,; havo reported to.lmye seen similar ... apparitions in the' locality, and one gentleman, well known in this district, who resided at one time at- B» WTO W, , or, will swear that h-? sa,w-a, ?ow-set man, with w manilla hat on, dressed in moleskin , trowsers, and ablue guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder. ? nntar tin. t-»i room, and .when, tho party,.-! referred to attempted toasco'rtninwho he was and what ho wanted, he found that the sup. posed mon,was , only a. shadow.' It is asserted.by tho very,, old |lmnds of the district that one ; or t-wo , sawyers ; had been found, murdered in , the locality, many yearSjag'o. ,,,-.; ,.';'.'.;.;..',..,,,' .,,':. 