ODDS AND ENDS. I On what side of a house does a yew tree always grow ?— The outside. I The first postal card received in Aberdeen, from I an Aberdeen lady, was marked "Private." There is a movemont in New . York against fashionable funerals. It is thought- that with less expense there might bo more of them. i A Michigan paper recently closed an obituary notice with the misquotation, "He is not dead; but squeaketh." " I never was so thankful in my life ! " ex- elaimed a Dover, woman, when telling a coroner's jury how her husband had dropped dead. "Wo hadn't had a fight all that day. ' Confession in confusion, — Priest — " Now tell me, Doolan, truthfully, how often do you go to chapel?" rat — "Will; now, Bure oill tell yet I riv'rence the trat. Faix I go as often I can avoid." , . The Reason H Why. — Old gont (blandly) — "Well, Jarvis, and how does my eld hat fit you?" Jarvis — " Well, sir, only midalin'. . Your head, is- thicker than mine, and mine is longor than yours." Old Gent — " Oh ! " (Shuts pp.)— Judy. I Reassuring. — Traveller in Ireland (rheumatic I and very particular). — " New, I hope tho sheets are clean !" Kathleon (the chambermaid) — I " Clane, sor, shur they're just damp from the I mangle, sor 1 !" j Quite uncalled for. — Mrs. Malaprop savs I she can't think what people mean by asking for I " adult schools" for the working classes, as if I there wasn't adulteration enough already among I tho tradespeople, without putting men I up to it ! Doubtful luxury. — Ethel — " Were you not pleased to have such a pretty partner as Miss Myrtle at croquet yesterday, Charlie ?" Charlie — " Well, er, personally I dislike beauty. Ac knowledged belles have a way of making a fellow feel himself of secondary consideration sometimes, don't yon know." A Domestic Man. — Irascible Old Party — ' Guard, why didn't you wake me, as I asked .you? Here I am miles beyond my station." Guard — " I did tiy, sir, but all I could get you to say was 'All right, Miria, get the cnildren their breakfast, ana I'll be down in a minute.'" — Fun. I Yankee Delicacy. — According to a California paper a young lady of that State, in telling a gen tleman about her Yosemite trip, said the scenery was gorgeous, but she did'nt like their style of locomotion down there. " How's that," said her friend ; " how did you locomote ?" " Why, don't you think," she replied, "I had to ride a la I clothes-pin." Tantalising. — ' Bus Driver (who has been I chatting to passenger in the hopes of getting a I cigar out of nim): " I suppose you haven't got a I cicar, sir?" Passenger : "Ob, yes ; But I haven't got any lights." Driver : " I've got plenty of lights." Passenger: " Oh, have you? Then per haps you will oblige me with one. (Lights up, ana smokes in silence.) The Smiths and the Browns.— An enterpris ing Aberdeen individual proposes to establish a newspaper for the sole use of tho Smiths. He thinks if they will all subscribe, as they shoald in their own interest, the spec must do. If this speculation does not answer, we advise the party to try if he can get Brmons enough together to pay for a paper. — Press News. Flunkeiana.— (A fact as usual.)—" Please'm, I wish to leave this day month !" " Very well, George. But what is your reason ?" " Well, m'm, ever since I been here I've only 'ad butcher's meat once a week !" " Once a week? Why you have beef every Sunday and mutton every day ; to say nothing of hares and rabbits at supper.!' " Master kills his own mutton, m'm. Idon t call that butchers' meat." A crowd of quarrelsome people were dispersed from the front of a Munson Street residence in a very singular and sudden manner on Saturday night. A stranger visiting the family slipped into the crowd unperceivcd, and extending an inverted hat, annouced that he would take, up a collection. Two minutes later he stood there alone, with not a single member of the turbulent mass to be seen in any direction. ' Hard !— An anthropomorphous son cf Ethiopia entered Station HI., an evening or two ago, to complain of a colored brother, wno had broken a chair into splinters over his head. Upon an in- sinuation regarding the absence of marks on his cranium, he indignantly answered — " No ! 'e didn't make no marks, bat 'e smashed de ch'ar all to pieces, and de ch'ar h'longed" ter me." — Boston Qloibe. A German Joke.— The correspondence which has recently passed between Emperor William and the Pope has been the subject of a good many jokes in Germany. A sonnd Romish dairyman at Breslau was a few days ago .scandalised by the re mark of one of his customers, with reference to his milk— showing somewhat of a bluish tingo— that it looked like " tho Pope's milk." "The Popo's milk/' he replied, " what do you mekh ?" " Why, the rope the other day said,' was the re joinder." that all that had been baptised belongs to him." Utilitarians.— John Stuart Mill says in his " Autobiography," that when a young man ho es tablished a literary club, and called it the "Utili tarian Society." He sayB it was " the first time that any one had taken the title ef Utilitarian, and the term made its way into tho languago from this humble source. I did not invent the word, but found it in one of Gault's novels— the ' Annals of the Parish' — in which the Scotch clergyman, of whom the book is tho supposed autobiography, is represented as warning his parishioners not to lokvo the gospel and become utilitarians. I Mr. Edward A. Freeman, tho historian of the 1 Norman Conquest, makes a curious suggestion in I tho Fortnightly Review. He is discussing tho I Growth of Commonwealths. " In order," ho | Bays, " to make Constitutional Monarchy at once I respectable and lasting, the wisest thing would b£ I to entail the crown in the female line. Such a I notion will, of course, he sneered at by thoso who | find it earner to sneer than to think. But there | can be but little doubt that such a change wonld I give Constitutional Royalty a new lease of another I century or two. It is only the enemies of I Royalty who should expose it to tho chance of J another Charles II. or GeorgoIV." Mr. Free- I man'3 proposal involves an extonsion of woman's | rights which even Miss Becker never contom- I plated. I The Jaw-bone of an ass. — Somo years ago a I dissenting minister was_ addressing a Sabbath I school. Inteiporaing his remarks with questions | on the life ana exploits of Samson, he asked I among others the following " With what re- I markablo weapon did Samson at one time slay a I numbor of Philistines ?" For a while thero was I no answer ; and tho minister to assist tho cliil- I drcn a little, commenced tapping his jaw with I the tip of his finger, at the same time saying I " What's this ? What's this?" Quick as thought, I a little follow, quito innocent of mlschovious in- 1 tentions, replied " The jaw-bono of an ass, Sir !": I A loud titter ran through the school, in which the I minister was compelled to join ; and he many I times afterwards related the incident with thor- I ongh appreciation of its fun ; though it mado I him careful in assisting "young ideas" fori tho fnture. I It appears that tho Church of Joanna South- I cott is not oven yet extinct. Its last male mom- I ber committed suicide on Friday, 24th October; I but there still survives one sister in tho faith, I whoso melancholy business it has been for the I East ten months to watoh the poor crazy man IcBt | 0 should commit tho desnorato act bv which at I length, having eluded her vigilanco, ho ended his I wretched existence. Whon Joanna, in 1814, I disappointed tho hopes of her followers byfailing I to bring forth thopromisod Shiloli, many of them J fanatically clung to their hope, and. this, in spite I of hor death, which occurred in December of tho I same year. One of hor most trusted followers, I named Wood, took possession ef a cradle that had j boon prepared by the faithful, and on tho I strength of her now possession, as well as of her I known devotedness to the prophetess, assumed I the leadership of the remnant ; setting up the I gay relic as tne Ark of the Covenant, and giving I to her house the name of " The Royal Manger. I In 1848, Mrs. Wood, then a widow with one daughter, gave her hand in second marriage to an ardent young disciple of the prophetess, who I was himself in his cradle when Joanna died. The I man's name was Peacock, and he doubtless I looked more at the sanctity than, at tho beauty of his bride of sixty-two. At all eventB it would seem that though all the world became faithless and scoffing, these two continued to wait upon the spirit of Joanna, and to pore over tho holy nonsense of her numerous pamphlets until the present year of enlightenment and grace, 1873. Even tho daughter of her former marriage seems to .have become an apostaqa from the faith of Southcott, so that thenusband of sixty and the wife of ninety-eight, or thereabouts, wore the only representatives of a sect that once num- 1 bered not fewer than a hundred thousand. Poor Peacock, the husband, took it into his head about a year ago that Satan was getting the upper hand of him, and the mannea- of his death I goes some way towards confirming lais misgivings, j And now the church of the Sonthcottians ia I represented by the aged and half-crazy crone at I 96 Trafalgar-street, Walworth. Singular tena- I city to a superstition that was thoroughly ex- I ploded threescore years ago! — Newcastle Chro I nicle. I Worship of the Dead.— The worship of anccs- I tral spirits is shared in common hv the North Turanian races and the Chinese. I do not lay I much stress on that fact, because the worship of the spirits of "the departed is perhaps the most widely spread form of natural superstition alL over the world. It is important, however, to ob serve that on this point also, which has always been regarded as most characteristic of Chinese | religion, thero is no difforenco between China and Northern Asia. Most of tho Finnish and Altaic tribes, says Castreh, cherish a belief that death, which they look upon with terrible fear, does not entirely destroy individual existence. And even . thoso who do not profess belief in a future life, observe certain ceremonies which show that they think of tho departed as still existing. They take food, dresses, oxen, knives, tinder- boxes, boxes, kettles, and sledges, and place them on the graves ; nay, if pressed, they would confess I that this is done to enable the departed to hunt, | to fish, and to fight, as they used to do when I alive. Lapps and Finns admit that the body de- I cays, but they imagine that a new body is given I to the dead in the lower world. Others speak of I the departed as ghosts or spirits, who either stay I in the grave or in the realm of the dead, or who roam about on earth, particularly in the dead of night, and during storm and rain. They give signs of themselves in the bowling of the wind, ; the rustling of leaves, the crackling of the fire, and in a thousand other ways. They are invisible to ordinary mortals, but the sorcerers orShamas can see them, and even divine their thoughts. It is curious that in general these spirits are sup posed to be mischievous, and the most mischie vous are tho spirits of the departed priests. They interrupt the sleep, they send illness and misfortunes, and they trouble the conscience of their relatives. Everything is dono to keep them away. When the corpse has been aimed out of the house, a red-hot stone is thrown after the de parted, as a charm to prevent his return. The offerings of food and other articles deposited on the grave are accounted for by some as depriving i the dead of any excuse for coming to the house > and fetching these things himself. Among the Tchuvashes a son uses the following invocation when offering sacrifices to the spirit of his father: — ' We honor thee with a feast ; look, here is bread for thee, and different kinds of meat ; thou Last all thou canst want ; bat do not trouble ut>, do not come near us," — Max Muuers Science of Religvm, ! 