Presbyterian Church, OsaIDwarioar oW m IEv. Wx.aaM CARI.w Cu1rAs. ' ' On 2nd Deoember, shortly after noon, -the Presbyterian Church -was well filled ..ith members of the congregation and other denominations, to witness the in teresting and solemn ceremony of ordina tion in accordance with the. Presbyterian form. Amongt those present in addition to the Hamilton Presbytery, consisting of -the Rev. JX McReberts, '3ranxholme ; the * --Rev. J. W. Gillespie, Coleraine ; the hey. J. K. McMillau, llami'ton ; we otticed the Rev." O.'Dubourg, and the liev. W. Tranter, the Vesleyanu and Baptist utuis ters, Portland. The t, v. J,-hu i Melcha:c, Belfast, was erpected to tak. part fn the ordinAtion, but we learn that through bad health he was unable to attend. The Rev.-J'. McRoberts as clerk of the Presbytery read the "-Edict." in face of the cougregation calling on any p-rseo who had anything to allege against the life, doctrine, or cunversation, of the Rev. W. C. Chapman, called of . the opgregation and now about to be l .ordlt.id to the work of the m to a ppear. .:."; was no response to this call. ." t;hbp ev. J. IV. Gillespie then ". asceud4ed the pulpit and calleo on the congregation tob jiu in singing from the 7th verse' f' the 6i8th Psalm :- - "O God what time thou didst go forth." e'-: r:ep6ooe was led bythebirinonium played very effectively by Bes rAnderson. S--Afer ,the singinug Mr Gillespie read the l16th. Psalm, this was followed by prayer theh by the 12t6i chapter of 1st .Criuttbiana which was read, then a hymi : ' Not what these hands have done;" when tbheminister selected for his .text the words,:-" Thou therefore my son be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus. And the things that thou hast beard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men who shall be able to teach others also." From this'text the -preacher argued for the validitys o0 Presbyterian ordination, or setting.. 'apart of .an individual to do certais work, a ,practice which obtained and . was maintained long prior to the advent of christianity and has been observed'd oall. It"was contended that orditiition"bypreabyters was' not valid and'thit the ordination by a prelate only was effective. He. would not attempt, howbder interesting, to - travel over the whole field of theological polemics to argue all the,points at issue, -in the discussion he would amply doufing himself in what he h'dd to say, to a dilreue of the* ntioaer of Presbyterian ordination. The method .of odination is laid down withsutlicient clearness in.the New Testaiment, where we are.informed, that afteriasting, prayer, and imposition of: bvudu, the liephyte or posw t, t was dedicated to the sacred work of the" .ianistry. - Suich eras the practice of Apostolic tiimfes, and sudch was only- a'dietate of.common sesse. ' The Presbytery, first. examined.: as. to whbeter. -the candidate ,bad the neceasary qualifications .and that point settled the investiture' took place. ' A'se'befiLri obse?tod donimon setise justified the practice, and the'rule held in civil as 'well -as ecclesiastic proceedings. We -are. :informed :-. That. order., is j Heaven's first law," we can easily suppose the state of.the church, provided c the unqualified as well as the conmpetent could thrust themselves into it as teachers aud?preaicers,'the church then would be n a Babel not the palace of the living.God a In the State government the rule is to nominate, then examine candidates and a then only such as are supposed to be 5 competent, are appointed to do the deities; it If applicable in the secular aflaire ot life, how much'greater the:'iecesaity f:r order in u tbs.,. hurch, where the souls not the temporalilies or indiv- a dual'' aend' nations are concerned di As before stated, the practice might be P traged.to the earliest times c of which we it hate record in history, whether sacred or p profieiie'' -and the - Presbyterian irole of ordination at present is the same as u practised by the Primitive Church. The te 'stiidwed - toat the trust conftided to t Titiiithy-vs'sonly'to be committed to faith- of ful men-in other words, men duly hb qualified to exerci-e auth tru-t. No mait bh in the church - was- allowed to to seize the authority of the Church-hence to we have the order, 'ordain elders in be every city." -The practice of the early h; Chuirch,-as recorded in the New Testament, di wa the- exi-ting order- of the Presbyterian ao Chuirch at present, and the ceremonial of .t1 .ordination always precedes the, setting er apart to the work of ths ministry. The or body attached -no charm toithe ceremony, H such as-the supposed trupnrting.oi gr-:ce, ni while deemed necessary im the cause of tu order it was not belteved to give any a' qualification, morl-or-physical to the re- tic cipient. The act of oruwtation is simply a official1 an induction to fill office by. th at impo-ition of hands in ccordance witn the or practice, as prevalent in the Apos:olhc pr Church, in the J ewih Syn:gcrgue, and at in the earliest record ol scriptirr.. tu The Jewish father when he ijovued a at blessing on the head of his 'or put his an hands on his head, the Jewish priest hi when aacrificlug an animal imposed hia c: ha'nds on the head of his vrictim,-the bt same irule was oneerved In the case ol P Moses;'ind all through recerded ecripture tc the inipositioi of haitds as a dedication 1i or setting apart to any pacricutar office is tr universal, not.uecessarily for the purpose at of imparting any gift or grace, but a Pt simple signiticaticn "that the person or t thing was set apart for a particular and ca specific object. It was contended that p thbq girt of the Hloly'Ghost was imparted tI by.the imposition ofthand, but we have be the evidence of scripture to tA 'effect r thiat lia'nds iere imposed even after tte Pt gift of the spirit had been accorded; ind 5u now th'at ~hc supeirnaiuril giff of the ili Holy Ch6sa has ceased,; it is?i argued That the p.actice of impomition oflianldsasboulrld th . cease'ilsoa but as Presbyterians hold lai that the inplsitoua b f' hanis :neither an Conferred grace nor the- Holy Spirit; m: their 'raectice of ordinitMoio it fully tie jostified for imply' iaductibag iuto" iffi~ce co and as a meaiis of pireserving order;" ' The W priiactice justified lhe would now consider de tleMquestton-.; who.ahoul .ordaini oue at or many? prelate vr presbyter '~ Protes- aP tants believe hboaBible,- and-:the Bible lar alhve to be their guide ill principle and a* p.racti' "'f0 the Law and to the the T' tiifony," "ud under suchi circuni- 'o stances we caiinoT overlok the '0dirdfoa tiori ofTimothy who woeas direcd id the Mcl words ol Ia'pal:-"Neglcct" hot 'the g'ft ret ul?l~ in Ini ihc; whic'i hwas goin' thltd' by ho prpilphy, with the ialing o bfthe tailds of cor th9 pr~"bytcry, - Tihe first part 'o this the verse realer tiL td the inmtced-edet prophety hir curtret iactit'the ttu're ol Tionothj the aecod' piart Ihd??Id' that tlie ' formf of oriin?tion, fs'aspplidd to 'lnmathy ac s ethe same sthat riw setwecLdbyPresbyteridlns. Ini the tet tUlibre ia'to annerintlftbrhrdinu. -es tinba y a prbTatehr-be--but sionpl& by' the (E presbytery-many. Again, in Acts, 6th G 'chap, 3-6 verses, we find..tllhe.command it to the disciples Irom the twelve apostles act was --JLook ye out among you seven meen thr of honest rtpor full of Use loly Gihost ma and wisdom-" This command was obeyed and the men placed before the apostles. whb when they had prayed t laid their hands on them," precisely the practice as will be observed on this n, occasion. This showed that the work of ed ordination was a plurality, not the ordi ad nation of a single person. The saine n- rule of ordination was applied in a- the case of Barnabas and Saul, and tn the same rule applied in all the on four cases of ordination as recorded of in the New Testament, and for the three he first centuries in the history of the printi te. tive church not one solitary ease of ed prelatic ordination can be quotes. V. Yet at that time the greatest actiity ino is- I the spreal tt the gospel prevailed, and SI ministers and mts.ionaries were -en: to Asia kh Minor and other parts, )et we find sucht ait ministers and missionaries were orrdained to tiot by prelates but presbyters. The act of ordination, ecclesiastically conrsiderd, be was not legislative, but admnisitrative ; it of does not coenter, but simiply set apart. on The church court cannot make, it ean tst only amply those laos already saoction,:d it, by scriptural authority. There are three of views on ordiuntions-the Presbyterian, be the prelatic and the congregational. The be 'resbyterlans t,llow the apotolho proc rice, the Churches of England and Rotme the prelatic. and the Coneregrtional nministers take charge itlehout any ordination whatever (so we understood the preacher ) The Churches of En?glana and Rome exchanged ministers without rcordiuation, whilst the ministera ut ;o Presbyterians going over to either of the others would not be admitted without re m ordination. 'resblyterians sere yet i, 0\. for med that there is really no dilfference id between themn and theCh..ich of England, i! but Ihi. is not true; so fir .'s ordutition at is concerned, there is a material difference. a The ludepetdents say the forom of ordi nation is not necessary, and with minister, in connecte n wilt that body it is a there [t matter of taste, a cerea:ony to be observed 1 or neglected at the opticn of the minister. it iunthe case of England, lHme and the it independent churtic~e, the piutitive e practice, alone observed by Preabsytertana o is abandoned. In accordance with this n tpracticebhe congregation has clhaen Mr e Chapman, and the Presbytery ate now i here alter due enquiry and examination to ratify the choice. So matt accorditig to the scriptures is entitled to thke this ie honor to himself, but as he is called of n God. This inner call is a matter bhtween I t God and the postulant, the outer call from d the congregation at Portland is tl.it with y which the Hamilton Preabytery have to'r t do, and be would say from the examitla e tiou 'of palers aud vouchers, that ie individully and collectively they are U unanimously of opinion that the con gregatiob at Portland has selected wisely, tr and the action of the call met the fulle-t d approval of the churbh. Befire proceea t mg in the work' of ordinat)oa he woum? e ask the congregation to Join ill Ssinging a. part of' tlhd 67tih 'r Pesalm :-" Lord bless and pity usl" \- This done the Rev. J. Mcituberts ascended the pulpit and gave a? abstract a of the history of the Portland Chihrch since the induction of the Rev. J. \1'. Lawson in. 1870, in whose call lhe moderated, as also in that f .the l{evs. W, C. Chapman, whore trial had pioved satisfactory, and whose credeuti.tls front the home country sesre all that could be desired, as to the life and cotvereatioiu of the man now chosen to be their minister. Prior to the ordination he would ask the congregation, were they willing or other wise to receive Mr Chlpllan ?I' The response was in the dffirmanltivcithe members of the coogregatonu aitaludiig sani holding up the right hanId. llr McRoterts, next, personally akedi MIr Chapman :--Did lie blieure in the word of God as expounded to the .o?--i feesion of laith. Mr Chapman replied in the affirmative. Other questions followed. Mr Mci;obeits said the -Preshytef_. would follow the ordinar' foruti i' ur dintation, anid whilst all would enga?tg'1 prayer, the imprusiton of bouts ?-oull invest Mr Chapman as the recognisce pastor of the Portland Church. T'ue prayer, inipoitinu ut hands, and ordination ltutio ed. Toe hier. J. K. McM.ilan in a care tully pireparea opeecihi titeu tir tihe occasion, cuarged the nilluister ordaiuc'J, to be faithful to the trust reposed iii him, to be iustant in sasot? andt osut-ot nes-ot , to subordinate all earthly " itiatu.ra to the cause of Christ, to as ays retici, her the foick over which the c01' of God has constiiouted him shepherd ; to shiidy deeply and well the word of God; to adin?ister all the rights of religio. 'to.the members of the flock, and teat tae. mao1t erring members had the hlghest claitts on his tune and attention .as a tituaiiter. He was charged to know tiot-ting amtiongst mien save Jesus Christ ahd bnut crucified. to remember ma's fallen state and "lis own duty, to do Iis best i tile reconcilha tion of man to his M.Aker ;. as a steward, be was to be slathfutl. and faithfu;ly do his duty without lear or compromule. Tue iutlie which ne ha?t prolessed, asthe word oft God, shhoull be studied dillgenutly, "'Search the icrili turts' -is tCe divine command. Pray and study, sntudy and pray. : See the members -of your cougreoatiou. at ~ their homes. Your ministratious are norto be ceitined to the public pulpit, but fromt. house to hou-e as in the m:anner of the Primitive Church, and administer sys tamatically the Sacred ordinances of reD-i glon. Mr M'31Mllan here read'rsomne extracts trum a book puoliahed by a- receit authur l:-t" e L'astu-'d relatio tosbi hi people ;" and wheeh, iu tcifct, laid down the eutltes much in the way already isldi-lt cated, and of which want of splace cuo-t.! pele the most.conudensed anstrirC, taud I then exh-rted himn as a worknma not .to be ashamed of his:calling or tsa'Mlaster's wrrk, asud finally hb exoorted him " to I preaah the poro. faithful to the death,'! and be wil at.the close day, - \'eal dori F thou good and laithful setVsnrt, entershbun a into -the joy of thy,.ore.": Isreiung fri m the.ministier, thela Rev ir M'allan next c laid down the duties tof the congregation, t andi which will, doubtless, come hotme to I many. . The.character of the mtipiter, toI te held sacred anlong as his walk taud couversatton is such as required by ,the \Y'ord of God; let him have full coufi- a deuce; "peak well, obf him if you speak I at all; give him all .eaucouragemeot; Si aLtetd bus ministiationa with due regoi larity. T1'he e:lmople have. auties as well 5 ea the mauister, and that both might do ~' their douse.'was the finsal wish and prayerb of the preacher. .a SAfrter rayer and prais -e the Rev.J.. Meitoberte and the Rev \V.. C. Chaprin retired to the east - door ol the church on s the outside where alli the members at the congregation pretseo, 'shook hands with the iewly ordained' misaster, and gave him a Warm welcome. .-. - i Aboul 30 gantle'en at down to an ex-'a, cellept dinter pripared in Ilost lDadnalL's mu beat .-style; the ley. J. K. ,M iitlau ol ocFupyitug the chair,, ithiale Rle!. W; i.; heic Ghapnan, receily udained, pa his righ? l ihithe plac of- honour; Mr J. o}r?su1lg Iw acttng as vi'ce The riceguir''cura·s gttnb 4 through, the chairman in a speech, re markable for its brevity and point, con- th ras graulated the new minister on the w-rm be way in which the people of Portlal,d had ed met to welcome him, and returned a vote be of thanks to the ladies who had his honoured the inaugual dinner with of their presence, together with t!e ii- clergymen of other denominations, ne who by their presence bad suncrtined the in ceremo.ii.=l le would alao couple w tl nd the minmsters of other dentomnl'iti n?i be present the name of the Rev. J ?. C. P. ed AIluutt, who, though unavoidably ats. ut. Ce would, he felt cert tiu, had oppurtuu,ty ,i. suited, beeu present to welcomne the' if Rev Sir Chbapan,t as a fellow workmant. i. in the town in tile cause of God. .-s the in gentlemlen iudict.ted were anxious to j on ' id the pier i i:i South Portland, titeir Ia resportnse t the votes of thanks cot?u( I e ;h postpone l till the tea meetitg iu the ed evening. anud be woult only ask thie libv et.I l'l oLerts to respond ont behalf of tbhr ', Ladie-. it 'lhe Rev J. M'Rloberts, on behalf of rt. the Ladi.es, respounded, when the aluner an party disper-ed. T:d MErTIGc. ce The inaugural tea meeting, in honor off n, the ordiuatirn ot the Rev W. C. Chap ie mail, was held in the St. Ste.phensu c- School-room. kindly given for the occ, ,- si n by the Rev J. C. P. Allnutt. The al echvel-roomI was brilliantly lighted, ald 1y the tables were plentifully supplied with I ad all the delicacies of the season. rite li strawberries forming an inipottant eie ut metl in the cuisine. A nlew anti itl ut purtauttfeature i:tbhis mteeting was tw, c tables provided by Messrs J. i. . Waddell, e" C.slehuffey, W. Slilne and T. McCo.iachv u- as the bachelors' contrirbution ito the :o welcomue,1' aid 'we must say thaitno tables J, were hetter supplied or moare appropriately ai decirated. There wewere more than 300 e. persons present, and the meetiug was i- certainly a imost enjoyable one,, - r, After praise arid prayer, whtoU the tables re titre cleared, the Rev. 11. C. Chei,n '. !,1 in his capatity of chuiiraan, expressed hi r. hlppiness at seeing so mariyl persons le present. It was with mingled 'tleclings re that he stood in his present positior is is stranger, not unwelcome as shown in the is prisence of such. a multitude. All he It cult do was to return htartlelt thanks fill w the unalninous and kindly greeting ac u corded him in the nevel relations!iip ig established between him itld the l'otland is ( lurch. He felt that the Church would of Io its pltrt, and he would endeavour to do ;1 his, :in tihe hope that the friendship thus n inaugurated would be cenentoit by many h ties, as sincere and true to his part, as the tri weloausa was sincere tad warm 'on the ai part. ofthose he was addr*ssirig. If lihe at Celt a little shlaky under hia circnaistances, re they could sympathise with 'him, and \- louoking r'ght and left a: the many great y, guts set down in his jrogrammne, a lonn ,t speech on his part at the opening wouhl be I- readily excused. (Chrers and laughter). d His position as Chairmtn would give hutt I tiequent opportunities for.comnlment, ani b with this uuderstanditg he would now ea;l in tre Rev. C. IUtiourg, is. The liev. C. DuboRg who was greetel :t with loud cheers, said that it would be h highly improper for lim to address the tumeeting, as the lHsmilton Prea'yl?try e are'here for that purpose. He counsratu 'lated the church it its choice of 1lr d COliepmau , as pastor, and Mr Ctapumau o, n his settlementt, under such happy au- e fiicee. Hs trusted hin connectiotn would f not begin and end as a certain service be t. uetitmes used,, and which conmin need e with " Dearly Beloved," and euded with -I Alnazemeut," (Cheers) lie be~everl the coogregation had dune wisely and ' vell; id the selection made; Mir CIagua.n is yutiug and therefore just in the po a, di:ion- for active service, and pleat, of work, and bhe hoped the congrego ii would use him kindly. For his w'e iar;, ,he had received endless kindn, es front thie Presbyterians of Victoria," ut Swas, to all Inteats and purposes, a 0 elyan Presbyterian himself. Thie sp ker s?t down loudly applauded. yl'Thr hymn of " Ilail to the Lorid' n ~q uili?'d,"'was then sung, Mrs An reon ,rca ti? ali? the harmornium; wl the a i ctsiartnan called on the 1-"v. J. K. 'Ml lin whoi. resprnded by nayn thI t j he felt. almost in the co iti, n of the' gentleman studdenly sum Slmonel at a meeting to make a pee.h e ruit a ho-e speech refutsed to co , ord' a ih in the nodst of his dilem a, ol Serving ,,is wife amongst the a liesee, 1 lhalttelt outi :--" Mary, you cr spe k Senhtouh at home, come and help r here-" a (1llplpiaue). lie might say, iiw v-r, tout he tonk a warm interest in .e Port ,land ehutrch, and was present ten Mr r I Luwmen was inducted, anti if actint I ijtea tuch ai the present was giv i in thI Smonth of January, he wotIII ras, it ii Stostilie, contrive to be preent. tie r.i- a bIroutght It;, at the sea hile, r I alsays e felt a-t interest in a place tila et,iiueJ f lim :of early assoeiations. lie Iarnnt j tthe railway was coming to L' land, tnt I i I:he line co nnecting the town nc ily with c s iamilton, ibut Ballarat antd eltourre, . ,yas btest lor its interests iind - cuntrI a at large, and, when cormplete nitubere 'I I iilt i ck from the itterior, fro Iaaitta, I ,.Sandiurr, and even Altibe rie. t, a \- town that his no superior,rnd ew if il t v I eqirals It the colony. (Chei ). There i t. tio nothe'r toin to ie contuli wih it; I in fact Portla'nd, at no distit date, will i Sbe the lri.hton of Victirl'. (Cheers). N He was not "ure about its i aning the !Liverpool" of Victoria, ut, ader anr a circumnsatnces, he could safel pru.tlieta * prrserous future. (ppla se). e i awbild'not-+ ccupy norre of icr re rsave -in sa lew words "io .u e 3' ological Hall apd the n?i?ioi to d tilthe Ns:r Hebrid., both titereti 4 1 subjec:s and deierving seriou consider it rtion...Lie was. one ,imnof opinion th I i t wuould be bestto import our miuiste iorun :home as t he best 'way to ge uiuversitty mltI to, fill our pulpits. u lale detrs his .ipinions had changed, as it t. was' e.iden.that the best meh' would niot . ,come here and'we maust rest content with seco!id 'oi evein lthird'rato men. T'his will never do where we have so 'many briglt colbuial y;oiitis ahd'ydung'me, that might be priapareo for the wo'rk: Th''e Tbeologtcal liall to cotinection with the VIctoriatI fPresh'teriai church already number5 e.igh 'students in preparation for the. ministiy, ' and five 'ore are exlecctel, and this wli!d give to' the chrlrch tWo miniist~er 'ainually. 'There, woilrd be tau sent fiom. Hamilton this year"and he hoped'J'Ir Chapman might be able to indice tw' n'o're'firoma 'hts congregatin at 'Port land,' Other ptofessioud m.uy be bettie pifd; biut there it none nore honor able or ?efl ' The'n a'isregards misiouns, he would refer'with pleasure to' what hass been'done iniThe New lhebrides, wherre' so mavy savrages have behouse christiite," a plaCe. where frotm' anarchy. mtisions haveo'estiblishled thie eletienut of the rights ' of :property, and whet.' the' Kia'gdom of I Christ 'i daily mIakiing propijes. Asid oow in'cbnclalbni'hed wouldi give?'?sam ' and,, hoearty welconme to the' iiewly apptinted miuiiter, anid' coutgatuiate' tie uembeuhc 'of :is cl~uth. on "'hAviig 'obiiied thb i~'ia '~of their choicd, be' ho?Gd tlid' lt rveidr Wtlld do 'wdill sutit' 'thae 'tli, co'r't?c~etton r ooil d :leolp him n 4 aPladi?e. - , d . . .. a The Rev J. MI'lloberts next addressed a the meetiog. I cogratu!ate you 1r 1 m Mr Chaptau on the uearty reception you d h ve receivwJ to- tight. Scenes like the present bring back to one's recollec tinit similar gatherings. 1 ree'llect I reciving to Portiand mIany years ago, as wa arm a weRe mate na .MIr C :,pttuan has s, to-night. This was in the lRev -. Kelsosa time. atld, ill pai'iug. I nay retiurK that t i .- s was mus w, ho woul, leave his i irk in "ny pl.ce. (l'heeri). The Rev 'F. T'l'u'kiel,, w.rn itmany of you will ritlletu -.r, swas present oil that oCCaSionl. Y 11i :.c?li i:, wa, a platin luau and ns.d e plhin words ; ho c:.-I1 a 9pade a spade; ' ,o e il d uin, -.f :. ',C ,ryan : 1 do )not Ski;w tl hat h. ever iheard it a l're-bytrrian SW ,h y-n' Mettho ai-t Be that a- it nmay, 'lie was a christian, and his lile was ish r:ee I by'the z.al with which he car i '. is M- ,.r'- w'-k; The speech V lie Iu .e on the itight or my introduction tI a Prtland.aulence I shall never for If '' ne.wspiper press has bad a wonder Ir . 'its a :t..n t" i',r b.yt erian ministers i: Prtl. ., I ' t ", :a'hered some par -,itlars f tlc ceh rrh 'n t find that the if tirst nmiiis:er, the ltev Aletaader Laurie, I when he withdrew from the work of the pulpit, becamline the proprietor of a news pip- r. His successor, the Rev A. Ross, tito, saine his retirement,. seulported him i -if fIr r.try years iy his contributions Sto tthe pres. Ihe Rev T. E Richardson left the pi'pit ont reeanOe the proprietor If a newspatler. The lIew Mr Ridley, who Rsier-t't'ed hir Richardson, at present ftllnows the profeasioi of a writer for the I, lewCapap, ra.. .I Io not kniow whether Mr Kelso isis t he tast, for that kind of work, c am sure he has the ability. Mr Law`ms. t s writteti, and, if his time and Y heillt adlmit ed. hre niht have become o0 distigynibhed writer. I do not know how it may be with .Mr Chapman, Sh[ether he will foluw in the steps of his Iredece-s ,rs or ni,. lut I think it is " r glt aud prolper that meltl of correct no?tins and innolrate views should write for the nltwspaper press; it is g rttang lmore atd more bolt of mens' tI mnids, and men possessing clear and C enlarged views should use -the gift o entruste-i to th lu Smue of the persons ! I have titentirnel are ,lead, and we may give tour verdlct on them ;but as the IP ancients tid nut offer up sacrifices until 1 ,ntlidn, we misat leuve to posterity the I task iof pr- uiountina a verdict on those Swho are ntow lihiie. s Uoi the iev. J.W. Lawson's resignation Y of the Pa,rtl in.I char1,e, I was oftetl in 0 in ctmmunricatltl with Mr. W\\. ;Thurman, Sas to tie supply.or the pulpit. and lduring e the whole vacianly not all unLkitnd exprea I, sio tass,,d httreme I u is He sa always d anxious for the welftare of. the Potrtland t people, itnd I c ull,der the P?irtlald Chlurch is much intebteit to hint. ea eference has beent made to the feeling ) amo:g paren. it Sctlahutt, and the North ii of Ireland too, so have unu toy taailed i1 fir the ministry, r :is it. is th,.re extre.sed, S"- eeoe buyo war his head in a pulpit ^ (\ voice. " lii pw '). Aid it is gratify. I nlig to rewemoes how many of our moat e distin;gutahed tien hbae been supplied a frtoo the humitnta of Scotland and the y North otf Irla,"i. Both countries have \- tiade their iutla. Now, is there not -a r parent, or at least a mother, here to-night, iI who will have oile of her boys trained, antd devovtedl to tile Min'ry, and the I service .f God 1 Grrat appt ause. e The Chairmali thaiked .\1. I'Roberts I for hib renhltiecoetcee istt hiu-tory of the b Prlnaln Presby)terlatl Chuoctt we must I rtoememer we ase making history now, I whit W re .inisig IUw will he history. The Rev. Ur. Ml'liubert's.had taken such a gi 'i, fitalie-ly interrat in the Portland f Cllure tiat we should look upon him ,- ith lilthl atffection indrl regard. Tle 1:., . W. I' a. or ni rising to speck ffroIt t "" Ile it tr of the. hoIe." (there being n14C platformt fusecie..) rcma.rked that Z c''e"cis bi,': z Iw oft t:Iture citnbed up r into a schauuoie tre:e. the e was no such a tre 'hor.evCr growing in St Stepher'a S't1" "i,ir o-in itt, toe iIccaninedatinn of short nIen like hiisief, he woiulI try. u- t hs- tallinag. to miuk, hi,,,slf heard y tih s- who couI not see hill, anid try t - i rtc?c he'il -y liii.i:tg : spt-;eli as short as he himself wl . 'Tile liev, geit:leman then, ill a f vw choice sentrenl:e. cungratu lited his Pt esyvrc-riu frtettd- a-id their newly ordauiedu uinJtt.er, iimiti their union which lie hoped might never Ibe severed, olut that the Gret [leId ot the church would votnchsalc to hi, ',rother .?'apmasu. a hlu:g, peac., il, ad .tuccessfo i c reer, in the ubeautiful little town of l'oritand. tie reniarktd also that chile lie could not say as .lr Dubourg.htd, that he was a Preshtl teriat, or a Pelhyterian \\\'vsleyan Metinttiti, but thit he was ait Bltptist, aitl that he it lfmered from both of theie, oil ituoe pIoito if doctrine and church ,,:g;nisatilot, yet tots lid n .t prevent him froi liv:nlg :Ihe a5 brethren alid re. juicilig In their success. lIe believed that the day wtild l teyer -coine whent the chtiru.li would cease to be dleidel into dell utIllintialitlial aettiuus, ncr was it de sirabte tuat su:h shouid be thie case. T'l' Ihi,teiry of the church. proved ,that il .re tui5tit be unifrmuity whlire. there w~ a, - -ieit"; arid on the other hand l i.uirts: .i.J ,.i-re I therein a etrict and. i,,lintnahlle noity uot he rt ami· t con Sdihtltg seltttllletat, - Tbo ur erallce, of cli- ilu..g thhu.-ht, froma the piuluils of our laid war bLut the eclh tul utnIled slpisits eugalel il hil;y riv;ldry, provkiog oele atllther to Iuve an;d Iod works. :bThere was norhig like bigltry in sucha prac trice, auni hl r, j Ilee- ciat-,.kutiw that meu elh. coulhl io: hdiffer in sestimelnti.a,-d yet agree .it heart,-.Aere gruwiig snall bY degrues and beautifuily less.. Bu- there were tew uow whu, cuuhl answer to the ilescrlltiiii of a bigit givell by, George 5l'Dot.,id io hsi " hb'soume Cact :' --: "There caim a mnh to our toon en .. "tAd a waisome earl was he' " 5'ia nubbertt -nose, t?n 'a crobukit muu ," Atl'a cilOC in his IetC ee, '" Ald tnuckle he ap.ed anud luckle be s-ak - k '.And the burden I,' his snng- - Was ayen the awuO and uiclr again Tiere' 5dine <' ye a huts wrattug' Yo'rea wratlg and a riarg, - Atid a the itnera wrsti ; . ' hdre' ino .t 'madt about uu li tltooo, "itr a tlhrgitlher s wrsng. '. . " lie nitiatireri erct fit Ct lPray, - SI let ahlone tid Ireach . " iy imeither haid the gift o grace, :r et 'le gift o apeech.b , 1 , tulii,'t him 0' 1lallna a ;as; "\ i difrr ye tao ken, , "' Tii Loo--- li o|,eheu the acaes moo, ist heow muisters opriield their aia." " T 3ewuir I receturtoIS couldon sing ;. ' 1'.he. grjUtlt like, the swine " Toue i.t-y elderucoujdlla ,pass . t"The l~Iie tiul hia.mo. ~,. ....... " Ahl I ,', be gi,- his nse a thrawl, ; -'.iud e, lhe crook'dt hi ,u-I, X' Audi'h eu, b'ie' i 4ip jiL ee " .\J s ,j, "a'Itre Cent thee u0 : " Yc're ar?upigi:anmd a ran:g:;? -Ad a tegitiir a l wratig L Slhcre' to s tniuii ?out the Coon lSat'ao uhegath'era srranrg. -.:. Mr .Tr ier .coticluded tbistu!dress, re ma?oing;, \by s say ,lf ..excus, .fu :.lbo slre" at a Lhtq- out ' a'tiif lith -t'hi"rtiJeh" asho hld itecedcd "him, having supplled thLru wiitht auiotauntll oo, he tcouqht that they would have on otjection to a fee quips and trifles. (Cheer..) The Rev. J. W. Gillespie wac glad that he had to succeed the itie. \\\\. Tranter, for his addres was upon the very uu popular subject of giving. St.. Paul had emblined a savinr ot .or Saleiour's, '"It is more blee.,l1 to give th:u to receive." Both .re tmpur--eit, and bene ficiel, but to give is Iore G.-like. 't'be feeling of giving, like that. of mercy, is twice bleuse:, it ble.se i L': that gives as well ,s hiru that. -ccei es; 'I?e 1 s? in the parityv ,l relii ,n in tiUe i.s:tIl ,f the giver should be. that hle tre. :u CGii and not to man. The p:Itriar., gi.ve , tenth of all he posseese, to the service: of Go,), and if we believe tot.e Libl that the earth is the Lord'i stand the fulness thereof. ,ii, prstt ie shou:.t grudge a tenth to the I:rlr,nttiui of the glory of Him to whont thc whule belougs. The principle of ?isil.:, wnri prt ptrly applied, will lead mantty fromn silt, tolly, and extravagance, hence the uec:en.ity for systematic giviing for religitous and chiri table purposes, and iin proportion as God has blessed the giver with this aorld'b wealth. Tie principle of charity, or civitng to the poor. is ,lJer than even the Jewish dispei.sao ion, where it was incorporated wi:h the laws as a religious duty. But be wuoll. not dws.ll longer ou a subject w ich, however imrportant, was, as he said at the tieginning rather unpop. ular.' In conelusio,. the speaker congrat ulated Mr Cnha;lan, and amuilst cheers and laughter, adwvi-le the Portland petple to read and study tleir newspapers. and whilst giving a welcome toithe new paper, not to forget the old Gurrldian which like the eagle . had recently renewed its streugth. (Cheers). 'Jhe speaker then referred to . the array of youth arnd beauty which Portland had coitributcd to grace the present tea mucr:i~l, atdl promiised, if annual, hle was so iu.u..h plCeaksd with the present .that lie wioul come down next year. 11r Uilih:pie a?t done loudly applauded. Mr John Ilill proposed a "otq of thanuks to the lalies, whl,.h sai, carried with saclamatiou, as was uI.t a, vote propoied by Mr John , lownit;,. thaniking the speakers and encr.yltieln of other d-. nominations, and supplemented at the suggestion of the CIhamt:i.'n, with a curlial vote of thanks to tle RItv. J. C. P..Allnut, who for the occasiuo had in the, must liberal way grauted tio school-room. The meetirng clo-ed with a hynn:- " Praise ye the F.aiter." 