ABSTRACTS & BRIEF CHRONICLES. A man whose name is supposed to be Alien was -found on the. Railway bank near Hawthorn, on Wednesday with his back broken. Graber's Commercial Hotel, Sturt Street, has .been: burned to the ground; and at Vaughan, tticnarus store and the Chinese camp have, also been destroyed. Two accidents, one of them fatal, have happened during the week from incautious use of firearms. The fatal accident happened to a boy, thirteen years old, at Geelong, named Blair, the other to a son of Mr Heady, at Bailarat. Last week a man named George Dawson, at Mount. Remarkable, South Australia, . made a bet of 6s that he would be dead in. 24 hours. He won his bet with plenty of time to spare, dying df bron chitis 12 hours after he made it. A "duffer" claim on Jones's Creeks, Wakatip was purchased by some Chinamen 18 months back, and a few days ago the Celestials cleared out for the land of their fathers, carrying amongst them the sum of £1,800 realised from the claim. > The Railway Department contemplate resuming the system of issuing excursion tickets during the summer months on the Government railways on Saturdays, available for return on the following Monday. McCallum has been sentenced to death for the Circular Quay murder at. Sydney. Three horses were killed on Wednesday by a train on the Northern line, S,A. The driver of the team, who was asleep at the time, escaped unhurt. A very smart shock of earthquake was felt at -Stockyard Creek, at noon on Wednesday. Robin, the borse that won the Melbourne Steeplechase, has since been sold for £550. The Clunes Hospital Fete was very successful this year. Nearly £600 were realised from all sources; Measles are prevalent at present at Maryborough. The largest brown trout ever known, weighing 201b, has been forwarded to London, from New bury, by the Earl of Craven. The fortune of the late Baron Anselm de Roths child is estimated, according to Galignani, at more than a thousand millions of francs, equal to £40,000,000 sterling. A practical argument : " Maria, have you given the fishes any fresh water ?" " No, sir, what's .the use? They haven't drank up what's in. there yet." A Chicago widower is so afraid of bis wife's ghost appearing unto him, that he sleeps with a pistol uder his pillow. 