SUMMARY FOK EUROPE. INTRODUCTORY. His Excellency the Governor is at present on a visit to Sir Jamus Fergusson, Governor of New Zealand. When Mr. Du Cine left, it was with the intention of being two months absent. This will enable him to return to hold a leveo on the 27th May, tho day fixed for celebrating the anniversary of Hor Majesty's Birthd.iy. Sir Valentine Fleming, Acting Chief Justice, has been sworn as Administrator of the Government during tho Governor's absence. Parliament remaining still in vacation, politics are only receiving such attention as is consequent on an epidemio of resignations in the northern districts. AB anticipated in last Summary, Mr. Innes who ceased to be Colonial Treasurer and Premier in August last, and who in October resigned his seat in Parliament and disclaimed all further participation in Tasmanian affairs, has been re-elected a Member of the House of As- sembly, having availed himself of the first vacancy following that caused by his own resignation, Mr. Innes is undoubtedly one of our ablest colonists, a fluent and able speaker, and of great Parliamentary experience. It is singular, there- fore, that his return to Parliament has been received with so much apathy. Tho certainty of his taking a prominent part in the oppo aition to Government has not given confidence to the party of which he waa the leader as a Minister, and during the period of the session subsequent to his resignation of office. By what may be but a curious coincidence, two gentlemen who sat last session on the same benches as Mr. Innes have resigned their seats in the Assembly, and other resigna- tions are expected. The absence of these gentlemen will be a loss to Parliament, as they werorecogniaed, even by their political opponents, as honest and independent, caring more for the good of the Colony than success of party. Of such mon Mr. Innes would not have been again leader. But it is gonerally understood that the «arno influences that have argued these gentlemen into resigning their places in the Assembly will be able to supply the vacant seats with more pliant representatives, and that, after all, Mr. Innes may secure a following, but its moral influence will be small, its numerical strength limited. ' In his address to the electors of North Laun- ceston, Mr. Innes chiefly dwelt on the hardships which ho said the self-imposed rate inflicted on the Launceston and Western Railway district, and he made the grave error of asserting that a principio for tho construction of nil colonial railways had been settled in a Governor's spoeoh, forgetting that Parliament subsequently, and within a period of twodavs,passed thoLaunceston and Western Railway Bill on the terms asked by the district-its guavanteo of tho interest on the cost, and tho Mersey and Deloraine Line con- structed by a Company, Government giving a subsidy in land for every mile constructed. Mr. Innes made the still graver mistake of not being able to understand tho changod tono of public opinion. His attempt to keep alive the disaffection of the railway rnto district was almost simultaneous with the announcement that tho rate for 1873 was all paid, many who had been prominent in their " passive resis- tance " having paid and counselled others to do so. While Mr. Innes is seeking to turn to political account an exploded fallacy, Govern- ment have takon the initiatory »tops for collecting the rate for 1874 and with every prospect of its being cheerfully paid, oven the Mnnioip vi Councils that would not allow their officers to lond any assistanco in tho collection of the now recovered rate, having signified thoir intention to allow the clerks to bocoino sub- collootors, and to aid tho collection by thoir influença and example, the firmness of Ministe« and the good senBe of the peoplo having proved too much for a sot of turbulent schemers, whoso affected interest in tho peoplo waa a means to work out a political omi. Under tho Statute for tho collection of tho new rato^ tenants of premises, the annual value of which does not exceed £20, are exempt. In connection with the Main Line Railway, matters remain partly much as when last Sum- mary for England loft. Tho contractors aro proceeding with the construction of tho line alone the altered route, in the faco of a growing conviction that tho routo originally intended ¡B not only practical but tho better of the two, and without vouchsafingany information calculated to chango tho general conviction that tho company will never bo able to carry out the contract as to i Bpoed. Meanwhile Government aro not un- observant. Till the completion of tho contract they are powerless. It is understood that they will then insist on the terms of the contract being strictly adhered to, and, in the event of failure on the part of the Company, refuse to pay the interest conditionally guaranteed Tho views entertained in the Colony as to tho attempt to raise additional capital is elsewhere referred to. Tho conclusion of the first quarter of the year shows an unbroken progress in that prosperity which set in BO strongly last year. Crown lands, long a drug in the market, aro being eagerly looked after. Passing over the inconsistency of those who UBed to find tokens of Colonial decay in the failure of tho public lands attracting settlement, now complaining of the Colony parting with its patrimonial eBtato, wo find that Bince 30th December last inclusive, Crown lands have been sold by auction to the value of about £45,000. Tho significance of these figures will bo best understood when it is mentioned that the wholo proceeds of tho salo of Crown lands by auction during the year 1872 was £8,088 ; for 1871, «7,930 ; and for 1870 £12 540. From tho Customs returns published in another column, it will bo seen that the receipt«' for the first qnartor of this year exceed those of tho corresponding period of last year by upwards of £9,000, and the first quarter of 1873 was in excess of that of 1872 by an oqual ?um'. Imports and exports show equally satisfactory results. The valuo of tho imports for tho first three months of this year exceods that of the corresponding quarter last yoar by £12,500, and is very nearly double tho total value for the first throe months of 1872. Ouroxports -and some regard those the bost test of advance- ment-aro more cheering than oven our importB. The value of exports during tho past throe months exceods that of the corresponding period of 1873 bv £123,445, no trifling increase on a'total of £287,243. While commercial, mining, andjtrading pursuits aro being more extensively and successfully carriod on; tho deposits in tho bank oxcood by about £130,000 thoso at 30th Decombor, 1873, when tho gross amount was £739,550. ' Our Launceston correspondent's lotterexplains the temporary collapse in our iron industry, tho promoters' haste having boon in excess of their Beal. The small iron works on this side tho Island hasibeen pushed on with loss ostentation and more SUCCORS. Our resources in tin continuo to attract nttontion, nnd new discovorics are being made. , Coal mining_ is being pushed forward,' but in all thoso capital is our groat want. Wo have tho crudo matter ; we want tho moans of making it articles of merchandise. VICE-REGAL. I On tho 25th ult. lim Excollonoy the Governor, accompanied by Mr. Chichester, Private Secretary, took his departure for Molhourno enroule: to Now Zealand, whore ho is now viBiting his old friend, Sir James Fergusson, Govornor of that colony. A lamo crowd assembled to witness His Excellency B donarturo, and on the stoamer moving from tho wharf, a salute was fired from the Queen's Battery, and tho crowd gave His Excolloiiey a round of cheers. Sir Valentino Fleming, Acting Chief Justice, is administering tho Government ; and Mr. Gooroo Browne (Judges' ABsoomto) Ulis tho position of private soorotary. Sir Valentino has not forgotten the sooial duties which devolve upon lum as Acting. Governor, and ho porforms them in a befitting manner. At the dinner in connection with tho Inland Cricket Match ho made a capital cricket 1 speech, and on Wednesday, accompanied by Lady I Heming, and the Hon. Mrs. Du Cane, he visited the Flower ¡Show. His Excellency tho Governor is ex- pected to return in the course of five or six weeks from the prcsont time. I POLITICAL. j Mr. F. M. Innes is once more o member of tho House of Assembly, having been returned for North Launceston, in the place of Mr. Cox, unop- posed. We oould ill afford to Jose Mr. Innes from the House, but the tactics ho adopted to regain a seat thoio aro looked upon with great disfavour; and though at tile opening of Parliament lie will doubtless compose himself in his customary digni- fied manner in his Beat at tl|o head of the Opposi- tion, he will stand confessed a political chameleon ¡ of the worst kind. ' In addition to the resignation I of Mr. Cox, Mr. Alexander Clerke, the member for j Ringwood, has resigned, alleging au increasing in ! ability to discharge the duties devolving upon him. IA more independent and honest member than Mr. Clerke never sat in the House. Wo cannot help expressing regret at his resignation, and bearing testimony to the sincere, straightforward, and patriotic 3pirit which bo always brought to the dis- charge of his duJ."cs. Wo have repeatedly had to differ from his conclusions, hut, while wo did so, we always respected tho honesty anti earnestness of purpose by which he was actuated. Mr. Clerke's motives wore never misunderstood. He aimed straight at what he sought to effect, and his purpose was always the good of Tasmania. His piuco may ha supplied by a mau of more showy parts, and aiming more at effect ; but it will bo difficult to supply his placo na a true and leal-hearted friend of the country of his adoption. ¡Mr. James Castley, tlie member for South Launceston, has also inti- mated his intention toictiio, on tho ground that pressure of business prevents him attending to his Parliamentary duties during the session. Theie | 1 are thus two vacancies for northern constituencies, i and no mention has boen made of any forthcoming candidates. j By lastmail despatches wore received by RisEwol- i lency the Administrator of the Government, from the Rißht Hon. the Seuretary of State for the Colonie*, convoying the Royal assent to the following hills passed during tho last and the previous sessions of Parliament, vi/.,, the Bill reducing the salary and allowances of future Governors of Tasmania from £6,500 to £3,500 per annum ; and (2) tho Bill to piovide for the furnishing of Government House, MUNICIPAL. The Glenorchy Municipal Council, on the 2lst of March, resolved to continue the offices of Council Clerk and Superintendent of Police in one person as heretofore ; and, at the election for a suc- cessor to tho late Air. Hull, which was held on the 30th ultimo, Mr. Bellotto, late of Hamilton, was appointed to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Hull's death. Tho Hobart Town City Council have at last ob- tained plans and gpcciiicitinns for improving tho rivulet, which meet with tho general approval of the aldermen, BO that wo may reasonably presumo thora will be no delay in putting thomjfco some practical use. In reply to the invitation of the Council for plans and specifications as to the best method of improving the rivulet, five were sent in. These having boen carefully examined hy the Public Works Committee, that body presented a report to the Council on the 23rd ultimo, unanimously recommending that the plans of "Beton" and " Cura ut Valeos" should be accepted, and that they bo awarded the premiums of £50 and £25 respectively, The report was adopted, and on tho mottoes boina opened, it was found that the plan sont in hy Mr. G. Seabrook, builder, Franklin Wharf, was the first, and that of Mr. A. Williams, the second in merit. Both the successful plans, it was stated, wore very suitable, and if adopted would come within the means of the Corporation. We may add that in connection with tho clearing out of the rivulet the Council has boon so well satisfied with the successful manner in which that portion of it which 1ms beon effected by Mr. Dillon, is completed, that thoy liavo resolved to carry it as far as the mill-dam on the upper side of flarrlngfcon-street, The difference between the Wanlen, Mr. Bilton, and tho Glenorchy Council, which wo have fre- quently referred to in our summaries during tho past few months, has not yot been settled. At the meeting on Saturday last, Councillors Murray and Wright, who wero appointed at the previous mooting to obtain tho opinion of the Attorney General as to tho refusal of tho Warden to put a motion concerning the remission of fines, submitted a report containing tho opinion of Mr. Giblin, but on the suggestion of Councillor Butler it was not read, though no reason was assigned for this peculiar kind of seeresy. Councillor Murray throw out one or two dirk hints of tho dreadful results which he behoved would ensue if the opinion was road, and one of the councillors, sollo voce, asked bim whether ho could not state moro explicitly his reasons for not desiring the public to know the contents of tho document which Councillor S, Wright then hold in his hand, but ho declined to do so. Tho Council, therefore, with the exception, of course, of tho Warden, who in melo- dramatic stylo, begged the members not to consider him at all in their decision, and Councillor Brent, who s'/iv no reason for any further delay, decided that tho clerk should furnish each of the councillors with a copy of the report, and that it should take precedence of all other business at the next meeting. Wo sincerely trust that, as Councillor Murray affects to believe, there will bo no display of " bad temper " when the quostion does como on for dis- cussion. Somo stops have hoon taken latterly hy tho Municipal Council of New Norfolk, with a viow to tho erection of a bridge over the Derwent, but as yet the proceedings can scarcely bo regarded as other than prolimitiarv. RAILWAYS AND PUBLIC WORKS. Tho progress made in tho construction of the Main Line Railway is considerable. All the earth- works on the lino, oxcopt thoso for tho stations, aro finished. About sixty-two miles of the lino aro ballosfed, and twenty-live miles of track laid down. Tho South Elk bridge and the bridge at Campbell Town - two largo works - aro both finished. Tho bridgo at Bridgewater will take about another month ; the iron work is being brought from England by tho Alchymist, which is expected hero shortly. Thora has been some dolay at the Flat-Top tunnel, in conséquence of disturbances amongst tho workmen, nnd the tunnel will not ho finished hoforc the oud of the year. The earthworks for the various stations aro no.iv being executed, and as the contractors havo received tho plans for the stations, tho erection of tho buildings will ho commenced very shortly. At tho Hobart Town terminus tho ongino house is nearly finished, and workmen aro still engaged laying the foundations for tho Hobart Town station in tho Lower Cricket Ground. At tho North the Government aro laying down a third lino of rails along tho Launceston and Western Railway, to enable tho Alain Line Company to run over the lino. Concerning tho route, tho agitation is in aboyanco for tho present, awaiting Mr. Green's roport, which has not vot been received by the Government from that goñtloman. Ministers have issued a Proclamation intimating that tho Administrator of tho Govornmout, acting by and with tho advico of tho Executive Council, has made a railway rato of one shilling and four ponco in tho pound for tho year 1874, upon tho annual value of tho property within tho launceston and Westorn Railway district, in virtno of tho Lanncoston and Western Railway Act, 1873. Wo may naturally expoot a great outcry againBt Ministers for this act of administration, and, of courso, much sympathy will bo expressed for tho poor man, whoso sad position will bo dopioted in most doloftil pathos, because of tho cruelty of Government in proceeding to levy ono rate so soon aftor that for. 1873 has boon, with so muah resis- tance, collected. It might hive boon well if tho collection of tho present year's rate had not followed so closely on tho oxoitomont so ro'oontly allayed ¡ti connection with the rate for 1873, hut Govornmout bud no option, unless they wera pro pirod to set tho authority of Parliament at defiance. Tho Btatuto 37 Viet., No. 20, passed last session, declares that tho rato shall ho payablo, and paid on tho 30th day of Apiil in oach yoar, and doclaros further that on tho rato being made, piovious inti- mation of tho dato of payment shall bo mado by Proclamation. Ministers, thorefnro, had thoir courso -of action proscribed to thom by Parliament that left thom no option. It imposed on Ministors a distinot duty, and in publishing tho Proclamation thoy aro but discharging that duty. Wo boliovo thoro will ho no difficulty in collecting this rato, as some of the municipal councils that sot thoir facos strongly against the rate for 1873 havo nignified their intontion to assist in tho collection of tlîo rate for 1874. This is satisfactory, but wo can I hardly oxpoot that tho agitators who so distin- guished thoniBolves in the pnssivo rcsiatanco ßaxco, will bo dotorred from making another attempt to I injuru Ministers, oven though political capital will thus havo to bo made by thom at tho expense of the poor man, whoso cause they affect to advocato. Still wo have triod to satisfy tho poor man within tho railway distriot, that tho question of tho col- lection of the rate for 187-1 and 1875 is not ona that aff v ta him, and that woiihl-bo agitators and po'itical domagognos havo no causo of complaint. Tho trafilo returns of tho railway cnutiuuod to oxcood tho most sanguino expectations. Tho returns for tho four wooks ending the 10th April show an increase of £212 Is. 8d on tho corres- ponding poriod of 1873. Tho returns aro ¡-Week ending March 20th, £594 3s ; corresponding week 1873, £452 4s. Id. ; increase, £141 Ids. 2d. Week ending March 27th, £478 0s. lOd. ; corresponding week last year, £45215s. Id. ; increase, £23 5s. 9d. Weok ending April 3rd, £528 9s. lOd. ; corros pon ling week last year, £G00 0s. Id. ; decrease, £71 10s. 3d. Weekending April 10th, £828 Gs. 7d. ; corresponding week 1873, £511 10s. 7d. ; increase, £110 10s, Total increase, £212 Is. 8d. Snmo time ago tho City Council offered premiums of £50 and £25 respectively for tho best and second best plans for improving the condition of tho Hobart Town rivulet. Tho plaiiB have boon sont in, the successful competitors being Mr. G. Seabrook, builder, Franklin Wharf ; and Mr. A. Williams, Now Town. The rivulet is being cleared of the large quantity of debrh which has for years accumulated there. In the domain, tho road to Government House and the Boyal Socioty's Gardons is hoing greatly improved by moans of prison labour. A good footpath is being formed, and tho hill sloped so that when finished that part of the Queen's domain will not be tho least attractive The following tenders for Government works havo been accepted since last summary :-For works at General Hospital, Launceston, Messrs. DItoham, Button, and Co., at £39; for repairs at Landing Waiter's Offices and Sheds, Wharf, Hobart Town, Mr. It. B. Wiggins, at £S8 ; for repairs, &c;, at Police Offices, Campbell-street, Hobart Town, Mr. R. B. Wiggins, at £93. Tenders have also been accepted for supply and delivery of tolograph poles from Deloraine to Circular Head, and from Willis's Comers to Fingal and Mathinna. Yesterday (Friday) tenders woro received for various Govern- ment works, but they havo not yet been decided on. MINING AND MINERALS. Tho gold fover is rapidly oxtending in the Northern portion of tho island, and Launceston bids fair to become the scripopolis of Tasmania. The prospects of tho mining ventures recontly started at tho Nino Milo Springs oro excellent, and in one case the prospectus issued to tho public, inviting thom to become shareholders, actually declared a dividend made immediately payable. At the Black Boy, Mr. A. E. Littler, the legal manager of the Golden Gato and Derby Gold Mining Company,reports that 5ßtons of stone taken from tho Derby roof, yielded 20nz 17dwt. of retorted gold. From tile Golden Gato claim 42 tons of stouovvere crushed, yielding 21oz. lOdivt. of retorted gold. On the 2nd hist., there arrived in town several specimens of gold-bearing quartz from the Golden Point Company's Claim, at the Nine Milo Springs. All through the specimens the gold presented itself openly to the eye, many pieces being as largo as a grain of peail birley Tho dev elopmont of the tin mines is exorcising a marked effect in promoting the prosperity of the coast districts The traffic with Launceston and tho coast ports has marvellously increased All who have visited the tin mines concur ni expressing tho most fav onrablo opinions as to their woiideiful richness Another favomablo report has just been made by Mr Peter Maointyre of the discovery of rich tin in ground recently piospeeted on the mino of tho Waratah Company Very encouraging reports have boon reconed respecting tho prospects of the Mount Bischoff 1 in Mino During tho month of March 2S tons 15 cvv t 3 qrs of tin ore vv ere carted to Emu Biy, compiisnig 10 tons 8 cwt of fino stream tin , 2 tons 8 evi t 3 qi s of coarse stream tin and 0 tons 10 cvvt of oro fiom the lode kuov.iias No 1, north .There were washed during the month 17 tons 8 ovvt of fino stream tin, and 4 tons 10 cvv t 3 qrs of coarse stream tin, being a total of 22 tons 4 cwt 3 qrs The ore on baud at tho mino at tho end of tho month, amounted to ri tons 4 cwt Since tho com piny commenced there bai been carted in all 50 tons 2 cwt 2 qrs , representing 31 tons 9 cvv t 1 qr fine stream tin r> tons 8 cvvt 3 qrs coarse stream tin , and 22 tons 4 ovi t, 2 qrs from No 1, noith lode Buildings aie going up rapidly, when complete 1 they will enable the company to clean and propai c for market throe or four times as much tin per day as at pi osent I ho company has a six horse pow ei steam engine erected, with pumping gear complete On tho2(5thinst a massive c ike of tin, smelted from the oro of the company, was exhibited m Launceston Tho specimen vv as patt of tho result of a iccent reduction of the oro which took place at- Sydney Mr Ulrich (rnvern ment geologist and Inspector of Minos in Victona, has, at tho request of the directors of the Mount Btsehofi lui Mining Company, recently paid a v îsit to tho mines for tho purpose of express mg his professional opinion thereon He declares the mines to be tho best in the world at tho present day, and he fuithoi aids th a1. Mount Bischoff boats Coi nwail when in tho zenith of her glory Con sulerable pingicss his been made at the Derwent Tronvi oi ks since oui last summai y Tho machinery, which at that tuno was exposed to the «eather, is now covered with a substantially built shed tho hoisting platfnim is completed, and tho smelting loom is m course of constinotion, the flame vv mk being a'ready erected Ihe old salt vvoiks shod is packed with charcoal, whilst the yird is well stoiel with lionstnne, ni fact, there is ovciy appearance of business in a very short time The furnace has been tried, and, wo undei stand, has hoon found to moot all tho require monts Tn o fino blocks of vvhito bluo vomod marble «eio recently bl ought up by Mr Kelli from Mr Dally s mm bloquai nos on tho AVcst Tamar, and shipped to Melbourne One of the blocks measured 5ft by3ffc and the other 3ft by 15m Tile mai Mo takes a voi y fino polish and is highly ornamental for any pin poso for winch marble is used Near the same quarry whore these specimens vi oro obtained, puro » Into marble black inarblo verne 1 with white, and light blue marble v emod with deeper bluo, aro obtainable in vast quantities A block of the white blue veined marble, OV feot square, has been cut out at the quarry, but as it w eighs five or six tons it is ton min loldy for removal with tho appli inces at present at the quarry RELIGIOUS AND BENEVOLENT. The, itov. W. C. Robinson has delivered three moro of his Sunday evening lectures, under the titlo of " Truths for tho Times." On Palm Sunday tho subject was, "The Church of England as by Law Established, and Ritualism." On Easter Sunday, "Tho Absolution and Forgiveness of Sin j" and on last Sunday, "Tho Real Presonco in tho Holy Communion." The lectures havo all boon largely attondod. The Presbyterians of Sorell havo determined on putting thoir church at that village in a state of repair, and on the 25th of March a number of friends mot the Rev. James Scott, and having conferred with him, resolved to accept the tender of Mr. Matthew Quinn for tho work. The church is to be re-opened in throo montliB' timo, and moanwhile arrangements aro to bo mode not only for the holding of regular services, but also for securing, if possible, the services of a resident Presbyterian minister at Sorell. The Hobart Town Bagged Schools Committee met on tho 1st instant and resolvod on erecting an infant sohnol-ronm, adjoining tho Cascades Road establishment, and a sub-cnminitteo has been appointed to inquire the cost of such work, and bring up a report thorson. Mr. Philip T. Smith was elected on tho gonoral oommitteo. A bazaar was held by the Wosloyans at Circular Hoad, on thoj 25th nit., for extinguishing the debt upon tho now chapel, and £(¡5 wera colloctou. The Church of England in Hobart Town and othor parts of the colony is somovvhat unsottled, mainly on account of the supposed ritualistic ten- dencies of some of its clerical chiefs. On Good Friday morning a very unpleasant scouo was onaotod at tho now cathedral. On tho previous day Canon Bromby, tho Incumbent, had tho pulpit, the lootorn, and othor portions of tho furniture draped, and tho fact having bocomo known to tho church- wardens, otio of thoir number wont into tho cathedral shortly boforo tho Borvioo, which bogan at half-past 7, and romovod tho drapory. Sinco thou thoro has boen Homo correspondance on tho subject, and tho Venerable" Archdeacon Davies, who must bo rogardod as an authority, has stated that the practico of draping tho cathedral on Good Friday has boon in existence for tho lost 50 years. Another cause of dissension has boon tho appropriation of some portions of tho Cathodral, by which tho olmrchwardons and tho Diocesan havo como into conflict. Whllo on tho snbjoct of tho Cathedral, wo must not forgot to mention that the organ from old St. David's Church has boon at last romovod and lived in tho now building. At Ross thoro was a mooting Hold on tho 8th inst, to hoar the voport of Mr. Ferrar, tho minister's church- warden, for the yoar 1873. Tho report ahowod that the Iuoumbont (the ltov. John Flotohor) had bocomo rather unpopular, and that sovoral of his parishioners had Withdrawn from him their usual poouniary support. Ho blamed Mr. Forrar for this, and on ono occasion, so tho report stated, actually wont so far as to call him a liar. Mr. Ferrar, on loaving tho mooting, was lustily choorod. At Richmond, matters in conneotion with the Church of England havo become so unploasant as between the churchwardens and the Incumbent (the Rev. S.B. Fookes) that the lattor has threatened to send in his resignation, and at a meeting of the parishlonors, held on the 7th instant a letter from bim was read, in which ho wrote :-" Unfortunately my landlord absolutely refuses to releaso me from tho engage- ment of the houso I now occupy, or I should be glad to relieve the parishioners of myself and my family before tho closing of another day." The parishionors expressed a general regret that there should be any difficulty in the way of the Incum- bent carrying out his threat. During the month we have had elections of Boards of Patronage in the various cures of the colony, and in the majority of them a strong desire has been shown for what are termed " Low Church- men." The colony, in fact, is strongly opposed to Ritualism. lu pleasing contrast to the above, wo notice that in Sorell tho members of the Church of England, Uko the Presbyterians, havo resolved on repairing thoir church ; and there is to bo a bazaar, concert, and tea mooting held to supplement the funds necos Bai y for completing tho work. At Circular Hoad, too, a mooting has been held since our last summary was compiled, at which it was resolved to erect a Sunday School building in connection with St. Paul's Church, Stanley. 1 Oa the 27th ultimo, a meeting in connection with the Cornwall Auxiliary Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society, was held in the hall of the Stanley Reading Room. Mr. Georgo Anderson, J.P., presided, and the meeting was addressed by the Rev. Canon Brownrigg, tho Rev. W. Law, and Mr. A. M. Milligan. A complimentary tea meeting was held on the 1st of April, at Jerusalem. The Rev. D. B. Tinning had intended leaving the neighbourhood, but as he was eventually induced to remain, the parishioners got up a tea-meeting to congratulate him on his decision, and themselves on having again secured his services. On Eostor Eve the parishionors of St. John's, Nevv Town,_ presented the Incumbent (Canon Hudspeth) with an address, signed by ono or more representatives of each family within tho cure, "begging his_ acceptance of a purse containing sixteen sovereigns-together with a sewing machine for Mrs. Hudspeth-as an Easter gift." The Incumbent, after the sermon on Easter morning, thanked his congregation, which was very numer- ous, for thoir tender and thoughtful act, 'expressing his heartfelt gratification that, after a ministry among thom of seven years, ho vas able, by God's blessing, to feol assured of their kindly confidence and esteem. Ho concluded by saying that they had made that happy morn still more happy to him and his wife. The money will bo devotod to the purchase of some' lasting memento of the St. John's "Easter gift." The anniversary of the MelvIIIe-streot Wesleyan Sabbath school, was held on Easter Sunday, and the day following. Sermons wero preaohod by the Rev. Ü. Parry, and F. E. Stephenson. The tea meeting on Monday was attended by about 300 children. The public meeting which succeeded was presided over by the Rev, F. E. Stephenson, and several addresses wero delivered. The report was road by Alderman Brownell, and showed satisfactory results for the year. The Benevolent Society held its quarterly meeting on Tuesday evening last, and it was resolved to ask for only £300 from Government, instead of £400 as hitherto. The reason for this was that the Society had £141 lGs. ÍM. in hand. EDUCATIONAL. The annual distribution of prizes at the publio school, Triabunna, Spring Bay, took place on tho 2nd inst., adverso circumstances having delayed the observance of the ceremony until that dato. Ilithuilu it bad boon usual to give several feasts to tho pupils, but this year they lind to bo content with ono, which was ably presidodiovor by Mr. and Mrs". Salmon, of Woodstock, and Mr. and Mrs. Rumney, of Okehampton. Aftor tho scholars were assembled, tho examinations were begun, Mi. . Edwards conducting, vvhilo Messrs. Mace and Salmon, assisted by Mesdames Rumney and Salmon, awarded tho prizes. The result of tho examinations were of suoh a satisfactory nature as to justify an | expressed opinion that Mr. and Mrs. Edwards do served great credit for their school. A singular fea- ture of tho day's proceedings, mid one that deserves special notice, was the fact that a special prize for regular attondanco was awarded to Miss Fox, who had during tho year walked 2,310 miles to obtain it ; an average of twelve milos a day to and from school ! Many of tho scholars likewise travel long distances daily in search of the schoolmaster. Miss Fox and her schoolmates, who trudge so many milos, deserve all the encouragement thoy get in the effort to bo educated ; and if some of the "boys don't turn out good colonists , and the girls good wives, wo aro very much mistaken. The prizes wore pro- vided by Mr. and Mrs. Aubin, Mr. and Mrs. Maeo, Mr. Cruttenden, and Mr. Wedge. The feast was provided by Mrs. Salmon and Mrs. Rumney. A public meeting of the principal inhabitants of tho Leslie district was recently held, for the purpose of considering the advisability of establishing a public school. There wore present, amongst others, Messrs.. Vinco (in tho chair) Tabor, Hibberd, Mawdsley, Sullivan, T. Matthews, Scull, Englisby, Hayes, G. H. AVhiting, W Vi»T, junior, Bartels, and Jabez Elliot. For some time past tho want ol a, publio school was greatly folfc, and a largo number of tho families resident in the district had resolved to make an at- tempt towards the establishment of an institution. A creditable effort had been mado some time since to establish a school at Longley. The inhabitants badi themselves oroctcd a school-room, in a position which would accommodato tho lower portion of the district, including tho upper portion of tho Moun- tain Uiver, and parts adjacent, down as far as Mr. Parsons' farm, but it was not available for the purposes of the Upper District about Leslie, tho Nort1, West Bay Uiver, and tho Sandfly Hoad locality. Latterly a general fooling existed that it was desirable to havo two half-time schools so as to accommodato both ends of the district. At the meeting referred to a resolution was passed unanimously declaring the necessity of a school being established on tho plan proposed, and accept- ing an offer made by Mr. Tabor to allow portion of a building formorly called the Old Hollow Tree, to bo used as a school-house until such time as a regular building be erected. Boforo the meeting separated several amounts wore collected, and a committoo formed to carry out tho object of the resolution. Mr. Goorge Stuart, lato of Launceston, has boen appointed visiting oflicor of schools under the Board of Education for tho district of Hobart. His duties will chiefly consist in seoing that all children ablo to bo at school BII.III attend, and to carry out the clauses of tho Act as to compulsory education. LITERARY AND SCIENTIFIC. Tho Rev. R. E. Dear delivered a lecture on the 31st ult., at the Mechanics' Instituto, Campboll Town, on " Our British Bible ; How did we got it ?" He also repeated tho lecture at Ross on the following Wednesday, and on both occasions was favoured with largo and attontivo audiences. Tho Rov. Julian E..Tenison Woods, F.K.S., de- livered a very interesting lecture in the Odd Fellows' Hall, on the 9th instant, on Australian Exploration. Tho Hall was crowded to excess, and His Lordship Bishop Murphy occupied the chair. The monthly mooting of tho Royal Society of Tasmania was held on Tuesday ovening last ; Mr. Morton Allport in the chair. Tho Socretary laid on the table the usual monthly returns of numbor of visitors to musoum and gardens, books and period- icals received, présentations to musoum, plants, &c;, scut from ami rccoivod at gardens, &c;, &c.; Also meteorological tables from the various stations in the colony, and from Sydney and Molbourno. A papor on the Angora goat, and its adaptability for acclimatisation in the colony, was road by John Swan, Esq., M.H. A. ; after whioh Dr. Agnew road a communication on tho same subject from tho British Consular Agent at Angora, which had boen forwarded by Mr. Edwin Pears to Dr. Hall for pub- lication huro. Tho mooting closed with tho usual voto of thanks to the donors of presentation, and tho authors of the popors. AGRICULTURAL. Harvesting operations havo terminated, and, generally considered, farmors fool satisfied with the yield. In the Circular Head district the soason has boon unusually dry, but ho.avy rains during tho last fovv weokB havo restored tho grass, and will pro- bably much improve tho potato crops. The price of produce rules higher than usual, and tho crops upon tho whole aro not bolovv tho average. In fact, it is anticipated that the forthcoming soason will, in a moasure, recoup the farmers for thoir hoavy loss during rocont years. In tho Devon district most of the farmors havo thrashod out with the most satisfactory results. Tho wheat crops particularly, havo yiolded remarkably well, whilo tho samplo of wheat and oats is far superior to preceding years; in faot, is equal to any grown in the colony. The digging soason for potatoes will not commence until I next mouth ; it is feared that the crops will not yield well this yoar, but it is most likely thoy will realise a good figure, £5 per ton boing already offered in tho distriot, Altogether, matters havo boon much bettor in the district this season than thoy have beon for tho last ton yoars ; in scoros of instances, tho farmers havo been able to cloar off back arrears, which had boon standing against thom for many a long day. Tho Devon Agricultural Sooioty, established in January of tho prosent yoar, will hold tho first annual mooting for tho exhibition of stock, implements, farm produco, &o.;, on tho last Wcdnosday of tho euri out mon tb. It is a mattor that must alford considerable satisfaction to all intorestod in the cultivation of tho Roil to notlco tho unanimous fooling that has provailod among tho farinera and settlors on tho north-west coast in regard to tho advancement of tho society since it waa first mooted. Olio of tho sooioty's objects I is to improve tho systom of colonial agrioul I turo by tho union of scioneo with practico. Tho I promoters of tho society sooin to olearly under- stand that the growth of the soil doponds not upon the amount of labour oxpondod, hut lather I upon ita adaptation to tho oxaut stato of duvolop I mout at whioh it has arrivod. Notwithstanding tho fact that tho society has been in existence but a Ifow works, thoy havo already the sum of £150 in hand. Messrs. Cummings, Henry and Co. head the list with £20. The samo firm also offer a special pri/.o of £10 for tho best sample of wheat ; also £10 for the best somplo of-oats. Tho Hon. Mr. Hawkes offers a special prize of £5 for tho best upstanding hack. Altogether the society ia likely to provo a great success. Tho enterprise of Mr. Honry Hopkins in introducing into Tasmania every im- provement in agricultural machinery is well-known and deservedly appreciated, and that is, perhaps, all tho benefit he has received for his public spirit. Ho has just added to his importations a machino well-known in the host agricultural districts in the old country, but a curiosity in Tasmania. Tho machino referred to is one of Ransomes' and Sims' patent Eclipse corn and seed drills, on Smyth and Sons' principle. Quality, efficiency, regularity of delivery, small quantity . of seed required, and cheapness of'price ate combined. It is of the largest size, .and embraces all the recent im- provements, whether for work in the field or for transit froth one place to anothor, so that one such machino would be sufficient to lay down the crops of a country sido, and is equally adapted to wheat, barley, oats, peas, beans, turnips, clover, mangold, and such like seeds. The s.S. Tasman, which sailed for Sydney on the 31st of March, took away 20 I mares, two Devon bulls, and four sheep, tho whole of which aro intended for breeding purposes. Twelve of tho mares wore shipped by Mr. Horny Burbury, who purchased them in the northern side of the island. They aro principally by Lincolnshire Hero (imported by Mr. Kermode), and wero bred by Messrs. Thirkell, Hartnoll, and Viney. Tho remaining eight mares were shipped by Mr. Richard Syinmonds, of Tho Oaks, near Launooston. Thoy are sired by Lincolnshire Hero, Sir Colin Campbell (imported by Mr. Ross), and General (imported by Mr. Gibson) ; and are stinted to Black Prince, Baron of Clyde, and Young Sir Colin. They wero bred obiofly by the Messrs. Symmonds, who aro about the largest breeders at tho North. The two Devon hulls wero shipped by Messrs. Simmonds and Salmon, and aro primo pedigree cattle. The sheep wera from Richmond, and consisted of lour / well-bred rams-tlireo Loicestors and one merino and wore forwarded to Sydney by Mr. H. Bur- bury. The number and money value of stock exported at Hobart Town during the year, were as follow : Sheep, 8G4 ¡ value, £7,200. Horses, 108 ; value, £3,503. Cattle, 304 ; value,- £3,000. Total, animals, 1,270 : money value, £14,753. THE HUON HOP OnODNDS. For the last six years hop-growing has been oarried on at the Huon, which has long been favourably known as one of the m03t thriving districts in the colony, and the signs of prosperity and progress that are to bo seen in every direction give one a ni03t oncour.aging idea of the future of this southern part of tho island. Whatever direction is taken, settlers can be found who havo for many years struggled to obtain comfortable homes. The result is not in every caso as gratifying as it might be, but only those who havo experienced twenty and thirty years of rough bush life-and there are many such Bottlers at the Huon-can estimate the many difficulties that have 'to he overcome, difficulties which would prevent many aman from attempting to make a homo for himself and family in thoso remoto localities, and in the middle of a thickly timbered country. The timber trade and fruit- growing aro tho main stays of tho population, and both pursuits aro in a flourishing stato. In addition to these, tho culture of hops is assuming greater pretensions than it has hitherto done. There was a good deal of ignorance at tho first concerning tho proper methods of cultivation, but since then a largo amount of information on tho subject has boen published, and this, added to oxporionco, and conversations with old growers, has enabled the Huon hop-growers to follow the pursuit with a certain amount of success, and in some cases improvements have been made which merit a moro than casual consideration. Thore aro eight, growers, who have between thom about 25 acres under hops. The average yield this season falls short of lost year, but this may be explained partly by tho fact that a few acres aro yearlings, and therefore not sufficiently matured to crop well. Eleven to twetvo hundredweight per acre will bo ob- tained, a rather lower averago than tho estimate of tho New Norfolk and Glenorchy hops. Next yoar the yields will bo larger, and probably thirteen or fourteen cvvt. will bo obtained, tho yearlings having como into full boaring. About two hundred pickers aro employed. Growers, gonorally, do not speak hopefully of tho pursuit. Tho expense which is necessary, and the anxiety concerning tho crop, aro not, they think, counter- balanced by such profits as ought to bo recoived. In fact, tho story is merely a ropotition of what wo have hoard time after timo from growers in other districts ; and one is almost inclined to wondor why mon continuo bop-growing whon tboy aver that taking each year since thoy planted hops, thoy havo not only gained nothing, but havo actually boen losors of hard cash. Tho cost of hop culture is rather lower at the Huon than in any othor district. Lately wo havo mado somo inquiries on this point, and three différant estimates which wo have pub- lished, BIIOW that at Now Norfolk tho annual cost is quite £30 por auro. At tho Huon it is about £33. This we attribute cbiofly to tho comparatively small amount paid for poles, and the fact that, little, if any outlay, is necessary for irrigation. The growors at tho Uppor Huon pay 2d. por bushel for picking, and find groat difficulty in gotting hoppers. In tho Honeywood locality ljd. is paid, and so far piokors can always be got without much trouble. Spider has shown itself freely, but has not dono much damage HORTICULTURAL. Tho Gardeners' and Amateurs' Socioty's autumnal show was held in tho Town Halt on the lütli inst., but the number of tho exhibits was not numerous ; in fact, there was such a markod falling off on previous shows, that it was almost a matter of rogrot that the Society should havo hold an exhi- bition in its present docropid condition, and so lato in tho season. Tho ? Gardeners' and Amateurs' Society has been in existence for tho last twenty six yoars, but during tho last five or six years it has only barely existed, without the least prospect of improvement. It requires no deop perception to seo that, under such ciroumstancos, some reform is absolutely necessary, and though wo aro »uro tho publie would rogrettbocollapsoofsuoh an old society as that which lias for over a quarter of a conttiry enabled tho citizens to soo specimens of our most choice floworsandfruit,yot,if anothor society,with a good roll of members, and a desire on tho part of all tho gardeners and amateurs to combino for ono common object, wore formed, wo cannot doubt but what it would have a hotter chanco of flourishing in ovory ro3poct. What exhibits there woro did not fail to attract much attention, and that dosorvedly so ; though few iii number, thoy wera choice and good,' tho greatest caro having boon taken in thoir selection. Fruit was largely supplied, especially apples, which occupied the largest space, and which woro very fino. Somo of the miscellaneous collections woro unoxcoptionally good, and elicited considerable praise. Tito follow- ing was the prize list : KKD1T. \- Prize, silvor mcdnl, collection of Applos, G1 varieties, W. Thomas. Second prize, collection of Apple», -T. Cato, First prizo, collodion of Ponrs, \V. Thomas. Third prizo, ditto ditto, J. Cato. Second prizo, dish of now seedling Applos, J. Cato. Second pi izo, ditto, .1. Cato. Second pi izo. ditto, J. Cato. Second prizo, ditto, J. Cato. Thud piiz), ditto, W. Thomas. Second prizo, dish of Damsons, W*. Culf. Second prizo, dish of Plums, W. Thomas. First prizo, Stuawtok Nectarine, \V. Thomas. Second prizo, Ponchos, J. Cato. First prizo, Grapas, J. Sharp. Second prizo, ditto, <T, Sharp. First prize, collection of 12 dishes of dossort Applos, J. Cato. Second prizo, ditto, W. Thomas. Second prizo, ditto, W. Thomas, Thud prizo, ditto, W, Gulf. First prizo, colloetioii of G dishes of dossort Applos, W\ Thomas. Sooond pri?o, ditto, \V. Thomas. Soeond prizo, ditto, \V. Thomas. Third prizo, G dlahosof desHort Apples, W. Onlf. FIr.sc prizo, 12 dishes oilliimty Apples, W. Culf. Sooond prizo, ditto ditto, W. Thomas. Tliiul prize, ditto ditto, J. Cato, First prizo, 0 ditto ditto, W, Thoirms. Soeond prizo, G ditto ditto, W. Calf. Third pi izo, 0 ditto ditto, W. Thomas. Third prizo, G ditto ditto. W. Tlinmns. First prizo, 12 dlHhes of Poor», W. Thomas. Second ¡it izo, 12 ditto, 3. Onto. Pilze, silver medal, miscellaneous collection of fruits, el ess A, 13. \V. Shoobriilgo, Esq. Second prizo, ditto, olass A. W. Thomas, | First prizo, dish of Tómateos, RolipHO, W, Thomas. j Second prizo, Love Applos. ditto, W. 'Phonius. [ Sooond piizo, ditto Gigantic, W. Sangoll. Soeond prizo, ditto ditto, V! Thomas. Third prizo, ditto ditto, now, \V. Thomas. Thud prizo, ditto ditto, W. Sangwoll. VBOKTAIILBS. First prizo, 3 Oabbagos ( Winack), \V. Thomas. Second prizo, .'t ditto (Enfield Market), W. Thomas. Recoud prizo, 3 ditto ( Waites' King), \V. Thomas, First prizo, Oolory, \V. Sanuwoll. Third prizo, Tin nips, O F. Creawol). First prizo, Pin snips, W. Sangwoll. First prizo, lied Boot (Sutton'» Giant), W. Sangwoll. Flr«l prize, ditto (Pull's Dark lied), W. SIIIIRVVOU. First prizo, Carrot» (San lot Short-horn), W. Sangwoll. Vint prizo, ditto (Cartor'» Now scarlet), \V. Sangwoll. Socmid ¡irizo, ditto ( Utringham). IV, Sangwoll. First prizo, 1'oliitoe» (Amerioiin Iteso), W. Sangwoll. Fiist prizo, Frouoli UU.UIH, 0. F. Oroswoli. Fil Ht priz», Spinach, W. Sangwoll, ' First prize, Ouious, W. Culf; Second prize, Collection of Herbs, AY". Sangwoll. First prizo, ditto Radishes, AV\ Sangwell, f'ocond prizo, Jerusalem Artichoke, W. Sangwell. First prizo, Oolleotion of Pumpkins, J. \V. Witt. I''irät prizo, ditto Vogehihlo Marrows, J. Baily. First prizo, Group of Vegetables, E. W. Shoobridge, AMATHUK OLAS». First prize, 3 triiiolor Geraniums, W. Wired. Second prize, 3 ditto ditto, W. Aldred. Thiid prizo, 3 ditto ditto, W. Aldred. First prize, 3 Fusohias, TV. Aldred. .Second prize, 3 ditto, W. Aldred. Third prizo, 3 ditto, TV. Aldred. Second prizo, collection of Greenhouse Plants, W. Aldrotl. ' First prizo. 4 Plants, \\\r. Aldred. Second prizo, ditto ditto, W. Aldred. Second prizo, 2 Primulas, W. Aldred. First prizo, 4 Trepods, T. Johnston. First prizo, collection of fine Foliage Plants, \V. Aldred. Second prize, ditto ditto, T. .lohnston. First prizo. singlo spécimens Fiisobia, new, Arabella, improved, W. Aldrod. 'J'hird prize, ditto ilitto, TV. Aldred. Sooond pi izo, miscellaneous cnllection of Plants, AV. Aldrod. First prizo, 4 Palms, T. Johnston. Second prizo, 4 ditto, T. Johnston. First prizo, group of Plants. First prize, collection of 15 Ferns, W. Aldred. First prize, ditto 8 ditto. J. W, Witt Second prizo, ditto 8 ditto, T. johnston. Third prize, ditto 8 ditto, T. Johnston. First prizo, four Colous, T. Johnston. First prizo, singlo specimen plant. T. Johnston. First prizo ditto, new, T. .'nhnston, First prizo ditto, now, T, Johnston. First prizo ditto, now (Oycus), T. Johnston. First prizo ditto, nsw (Ellen). W. Aldis,]. Fii8fc prizo ditto Fuscbia, Bridal Bouquet, W. Aldred. First prizo ditto, now tricolour, " Capt. Willett," W. Aldi ml. First prizo dilto, Gymnostacliynm Pearcer.W. Aldred. ' Second prizo ditto, now tricolour, Mrs. Robt. ?Walker." W. Aldred. Second pi izo, now plant, ditto, W. Aldred. Second prize ditto ditto W. Aldred. Soeond pi izo ditto ditto W. Aldred. Third prize ditto ditto, W. Aldrod. Second prizo ditto ditto, W. Aldred. First prizo, class B, Miscellaneous collection of Plants j and Fruit, S. S. Travers, Boa Vista. SPORTS AND AMUSEMENTS. Tho annual raco meeting at Green Ponda was held on the 2Gth tilt.,and although the attendance was not numerous, the sport was of sufficient excellence to justify the anticipations of a racing day. The ground was in excollent order, although somewhat hard-baked, in .consequonoo of continued drought. Tho races were good, but tho entries were dis couragingly small, notwithstanding the fact that tho stakes were sufficiently liberal to entice owners of horses to risk a chanco,' but with the exception of the Soiling Stakes and the Hack Race, only two horses carno under the starter's flag in each of the other events. The following was the result of the day's proceedings : MAIDEN PLATE.-Of 20 so vs., for all horses that have never won public money, except hack races. Distance, once round the course and a distance. Entrance £1 10s. AVoight for age. Mr. A. G. Purr's Indian Girl. 2 yrs.. fist. (Parr, lum) 1 Mr. Cosgrove'.") Shnmrock, ti yrs., flat.(Ellis) 2 GREEN PONDS CUP HANDICAP.-Of 35 sovs., with a sweep of 3 sovs. added. Distance, twice round the course. Mr. Tj. Smith's John Peel, aged, 8st.(Oavis) I Mr. A. G. Pnrr's Sylph. 5 yrs, 8st (iib.(T. Baker) 2 SELLING STAKES.-Of .- SOVB., Tavern Plate AVcights for age. If to ho sold for f 80, lOst. ; for £00, allowed 71b. ; for £40, allowed 141b. ; for £20, allowed 211b. Distance, 1J miles. Entrance, £1 10s. Mr. Rumnnv's Talleyrand .(Austin) I Mr. L. Smith's .lohn Pool .(Chant) 2 Mr. Li. Smith's Erin .(D.ivisj 3 Mr. A. G. Purr's Indian Girl .(Parr, jim.) 0 Tho winner was subsequently put up at auction and bought in at £G0. FuEr. HANDICAP.-Of - sovs., with a sweep of two sovs. added. Distance, I1 miles. Mr. P. Dalian's Merry Lad.(Davis) I Mr. A. G. P.irr'8 Eclipso.(Parr, jun.) 2 In tbo Hack Race four horses started, and after a close spin, Mr. Barrowe's Linnet carno in a winnor. Hamilton annual r.aco meeting was held on the 8th inst. The weather was fine, and there were about 200 persons present. The running was good, and the ground in capital order. There were four races on the programme, which wore disposed of in tho following order : MAior.N' PLAIT..-Of £12. For horses that havo novar won public monoy. One mile ; heats. Town Plato woights. Entrance, 1 sov. Mr. W. Langdon'» b g. Comot. 1 Mr. Parkoi's Molly. 2 Mr. Hill's Fairy Qnoon. 3 Mr. Austin's Brunette . 0 Comet won both beats easily. II.tMir.TOX TOWN PLATE.-Of £12, with a sweep of C1 10s. added. Two milos. Entrance 1 sov. Mr. Austin's Talleyrand. I Mr. Poter Dillon's Merry Bov. 2 Talleyrand won o.aäily, the Merry Boy not having a ghost of a chanco. HcnDLB RAPE.- Of E12, with a sweep of £1 10s. added. Two milos, ovor 11 leaps. Entronco, 1 sov. Mr. Langdon'» Monte Christo. 1 Mr. Austin's Nimrod. 2 Two othor horses wore entered and started, but thoy wero no-where in the race. HACK RACE.-Of £4. For horses that have nevor won public money, except in a Hack Race. One mile ; boats. Weight, lOst. Post entry. Mr. Piukar'» Molly. 1 Mr. Austin's Patchwork . 2 There were two othor horses in tho raeo, but thoy made no show. The annual inland cricket match botween the Northern and Southern players of the Island, was begun on the Association ground on the 4th, and concluded on tho Gth inst. ' , The weather was de- cidedly uncomfortable, and a. moro disagreeable day for cricket, except it had rained hoavily, could not havo been picked. Tho wind was terrifically high, every now and again coming in such gusts as to threaten ovon the foundations of the pavilions, and made it eivceodingly difficult to stand on ono'a logs. Tho attendance of visitors was not numerous, His Ewolloney tho Acting Governor (Sir Valontino Flomiug), Lady Fleming, and the Hon. Mrs. DuCane wore present. The ground was in very fair condition, considering the two or three days' rain that had fallen previously ; a good wicket was obtained, but the fielding ground was somewhat damp. The match, on the whole, could not be re- garded as a Very interesting ono. Both teams wore weak, but that from tho North especially so, in fact, tho best men wero not included on either sido. The result, however, could not bo accopted as any criterion of the relativo cricketing abilities of the North and South. Tho following are the full scores : SOUTHERN . TASMANIA. First Innings C Daviot 11121111112 cibKoatlng l8 1 Whitest leí S21113222 o Torry b Keating 17 I ucas 11 b Keating 2 l'room in 122111 o Monro b Uklnson 8 Walkor llllJ'"Ummill runout 26 C TV Untier lillias o Mooro b Ferguson 10 I It Bullo» 813141224"02124230 li Bayles 49 Donnison n23111Ul'>1112 b Bayles 24 Cntliliurt 111 o Moore li Bayles 8 Walslio 2 tun out 2 H V Maylj lill not out 4 Log byes 0 »tile balls 4 no balls J 10 total ~V!8 limn isa VNAIYBIB- Hog? bowlol 174 balls 03 runs 2 mai lons 1 na balls Kc- itlng bowlol 84 balls f.l runs 8 mai len Sulckots 1 wide Atkinson bowloil 24 balls 11 runs 1 wicket lorguson bowled l8 balls 14 runs 1 wlokot 8 wiles Bayles bo« toil 40 balls 10 runs 2 maillons J wickets NOIVTHHIN TASMANIA Fint Inmngi Martin 21 b TV II Walkor 3 lorguson 4 bli V lliyly 4 keating b TT K Walker 0 ltowan 21211 bil ^ llayly 7 Hogs lilli b TV II Walker ß llayloi 11211121112111 not out 17 Monro lilli" runout 0 Uktnson 1 b TV li Walkor 1 ltoohor Jlllll run out 8 Tem I» TV II Tlalkor 0 Maddox 4 bTV li Walker 4 II) os 8 log byes 1 0 Total 01 HowuNfl A Mil VHIH -ii V Bayly bowloil 102 balls 17 runs 7 mai lons 2 wtckots W It Walker bowled 102 balls l8 runs 4 ni ililons 0 wickets Second Innings. ltowan 2221 li llayly 7 r-onriisnn 11122121111111 b llayly 22 Martin 211111 lillijly 7 Hayles 21111111 ran out 0 Hogg 111 1) llayly 8 Keating b llayly 0 Mooro run out 0 Uklnson 1 run out 1 Hoolier 1 o Bennison b Walker 1 I orry 11" not out 4 Mildox 1 oTValsho b Walkor 1 11)03, 7 leg b) os 2 0 total 04 llowiiNO AVALVSIS- II V Bayly bowloil DO balls l8 runs 7 mai lons ß wickets Walkor bowled SO balls 37 runs 1 nullen 2wickets 'lho return matoh botweon tho Broam Crook and AVollmgtoii Clubs was played at Soroll on tho 12th instant, and resulted m favour of the lattor club by I ono i mi and oight wiakots 1'lto follow mg w oro tho scoros -AVelhngton, 85 , Broam Crook, 84 A ' well contostod roturn matoh took plaoo botweon olov on of tho Cullens« ood and eleven of the Tingal cricket Clubs on tho 24th tilt, on tho Tingal ci lokot ground Tho Cullenswood mon woro the victors, tho sooros being -Cullenswood, 146 Fingal, 130 On Easter Monday a matoh oamo off at Franklin between eleven Oddfellows (Loyal Franklin Lodgo, M.U.) and eleven Good Templars (Star of Tasmania), which resulted in a victory for tho former by IS runs, The scores were :-Odd- fellows, 86 ; Templars, OS. The return match between the Kermandie and Shipwrights' Point Clubs carno off on the 4th instant at Castle Forbes Bay, tho Kermandio team winning with 32 runs to spare The scores were :-Kermandie, 80 ; Ship- wrights' Point, 48. A trial of strength between elpvena from among the single and married players at Sorell, came off on Easter Monday. The scores were ;-Single, 184 ; Married, 1,18. A match was played at Oatlands on tho 21st ult., between tho Oatlands and Bothwell clubs, and terminated in favour of the Oatlands mon by 127 runB. LThe scores wore. Oatlands, 190; Bothwell, 63. On the same date the conquering match between the Break o'Day and Wellington chibs was begun, but as the play did not commence until late, only the first innings of the Wellington, and two men out of the Break o'Day wore accomplished. The scores were : -Wellington, 112 ; Break o'Day, 57. On the 11th inst. a match waa played on Mr. Charles Butler's ground, Sandy Bay Road, between two elevens selected from the employés of The Mercury office, and captained respectively by Messrs, Kooli and Taylor. The game resulted in a victory for Neall's eleven by Beven runs and four wickets to fall. The scores wore : Neall's eleven, 125 ; Taylor's eleven, 118\. - ' Thoro is very little to record in tho shape of theatrical amusement during the month. King and Anderson's troupe of Siamese and European acrobats and jugglers continued to draw good houses until the beginning of the present month. The troupe afterwards made a short provincial tour, returned to Hobart Town, and subsequently embarked for Now Zealand, leaving many anxious inquirers behind , them, including the unfortunate printer, whose I ovor-confidenco in the integrity of peripatetic gipsies generally marks him for a safe victim. On the evening of Good Friday, Mr. F. A. Packer êorformed a selection of sacred music on the Town [all organ. In spite of the very disagreeable weather the Recital was numerously attended, and Mr. Packer's performances wera attentively listened to. The music played embraced "The Dead March in Saul," Gounod's Ave Maria, selections from the Messiah, Stabat Mater, and Passione. During the last two weeks, the sisters Rosalie and Heloise Duvalli have beon drawing average houses at the Theatre Royal in a series of miscellaneous entertainments, comprising singing and dancing. The sisters are undoubtedly entitled to a high reputation as dancers, their graceful movements and agile action being demonstrated with unaffected ease. The sisters were assisted in the dramatic portion of the performance by Messrs. Hall and Coutts, each of the gentlemen using their best efforts to make the most of their respective parts, which, it is almost needless to say, were of a subordinate and trifling character. AQUATICS. N At a meeting of the citizens, recently held at the Town Hall, convened and presided over by His Worship the Mayor (Alderman Crisp), a committee was appointed to carry out the Annual Regatta, to bo held on Tuesday, the 28th of January, 1875, at Macquarie Point. Messrs. J. AV. Gill and J. O'Boylo wero unanimously appointed secretarios, and Alderman J. E. Risby treasurer. It was also decided that tho programme should includo an in- tercolonial gig race for amateurs, pulling in string. test gigs of any length, the first prizo to bo £100, or a trophy of that value, with a second prize of £20 if threo boats started ; the money not to be given if no boat from another colony competed. The resolution, however, has not met with the ap- proval of the general public, the action of the com- mittee in restricting competition to amateurs being consideied unfair. The consequence is that a move- ment is now on foot with the view of initiating an intercolonial champion race for two prizes ; the first prize to bo fixed at £200, and open to all comers. The annual regatta at Kangaroo Point was held on the 0th ¡nat.,and was largely attended by visitors, both from the surrounding districts and Hobart Town. Unfortunately, however, a strong gale, that had prevailed for threo preceding days, continued to blow with unabated violence, and the sea be- came so rough that it was deemed advisable to postpone a portion of the day's programme until the following Saturday, on which date the remaining events wero duly contested. Mr. Pedder acted as judge and starter on both occasions. The following was the result : OPEN RACE.-In four-oared boats, not exceeding 28 feet in length, two pullers and a steorer. Laurie-Lynch and Russell : Hopwood (cox.) . 1 Villnge-Bollo-Purdoy nnd Russell, Hague, (cox.).2 Four boats had boon onterod but only the above breasted the flagship. The course was about threo miles, and considering the stormy state of the weathor the pulling was considered excollent. DISTRICT RACK.-Pair-oared in dingies. Hesperus-C. and AV. Peddoi", Honey (cox). 1 Ocean Beauty-O. líalos and Birch ; Hales (cox). 2 Cliuonco Belle-Lano and Foster; Harrington (cox) 3 Sparkling AVavo-A. Daniels and J, Fchningham ; Hartley (cox). ft The four boats started off together, but' hi the sequel tho Hesperus carno to tho front, and main-* taincd tho lead throughout. SAILING RACK.-Open boats, not exceeding 25 feet in length. Courso, from tho regatta ground around a buoy at tho extrome end of Kangaroo Point Bay, theneo around a buoy off Sandy Bay Point to tho Slaughter Yards, baok around tho Sandy Bay buoy, and homo to tho regatta ground. First prizo, £5 ; second prize, £2. Garibaldi.(Hales) X Osproy .(Whitehouse) 2 Star of the Sou. (Simmonds) O Renown .(Chandler) 0 Trial.(Bakehouse) O In the lost run down to Sandy Bay Point, the Osprey gained a little on tho Garibaldi ; but the latter, getting well up to tho wiud from the Sandy Bay shore, was able to make a straight ' run round - the buoy, and carno in tbo winner by about 12 minutes. SKIFF RACE.-(Single handed.) To bo competed for by Good Templars only. Prize, Silver Cup, of the valuo of five guineas. Our Hope.(Foster) I Missing Link.(O. Pedder), & Our Hope won by about a length and a half. SKIFF RACE.-(Single-handed) open to all. Tb.e, course was about half a mile longer than that: (or the Good Tomplars' race ; and the prizes were £9 3s ; and £1 Is. Fair Helon."...(Horbertsou) 1 Strangor .(Hales) 2 Tbo Midge.(Haine«,, 0 This was not a well-contested race, the Fair Holen, in tho last round of tho courso, being a leng way ahoad of the Stranger, whilst Haines had boen, unshipped in rounding the second buoy,' and had te retire. i At the conclusion of the day's sport, Mr, William I Honey presented tho silver cup for tho fourth race to Mr. Fostor. _ SOCIAL. Tho Good Templars continuo their advocacy of temperance principles with the same earnostness as ever, and on the 2nd instaut a mooting was hold in Hobart Town, for tho purpose of forming a Good, Templars' Building and Investment Society. Mr\ G. S. Crouoh occupied tho chair, and after some discussion it was resolved "that the following niombors bo appointed a committeo to draw up a - codo of rulos and reoeive names of intending share- holders, viz. :-Mossrs. Crouch, Facy, Ellis, Cane, H, Clarke, Goorgo Wilson, and-Andrews, senior." Tho " Haste to tho Rescue Lodge" of this order havo just had com plot ed for thom a boautiful Good Templars' altar, on each sido of whioh is painted in rioli colours tho emblems of Faith, Hope and Charity. In fact, tho altar is a work of art that doos credit' to tho artist, Mr. G. Edmunds. On tho oveuing of tho 2nd instant, a pleasing coremony was performed by the officers of the Cas- cades Ponai and Invalid Depot, the occasion being tho presentation of an address to Mr. Ringrose A. Atkins, tho Superintendent, who has been removed - to the ehargo of the Hobart Town G aol. Tho address was presented by Mr. Soagor, tho assistant* superintendent, on behalf of the officers, and waa accompanied by an album containing 24 Tasmanian views, inoluding four views of tho Cascades establishment, taken from tho north, south, cast, and wost. Tho address recorded tho esteem and respect entertained towards Mr. Atkins by the officers, and their (loop and lasting rogrot that ho was about to bo romovod. Mr. Atkins replied in suitable terms. A few days later, when Mr. Atkins took his final loavo of tho Cascados.he regaled tho inmates with oxtra moat, plum pudding, «ko., and as ho hado thom goodbye, tho Roformatory band played au appropriate air. A loss ostentatious act was porformod on the evening of tho 4th instant, when the employés at tho Government Printing Offico presented Mr. Fred. A. Fowlor, with a gold ponoil caso, prior to his dopartnro for Now Zealand, in the Free Trader, whioh vessel sailed on tho Wednesday following. Mr. Fowlor lind boon employed as a book binder in tho Govoriimont Printing Ollico for 9 or 10 years. A social mooting, in connootion with the Church' of St. John's, Now Town, was hold on tho evening of tho 9th instant, at tho Infant School of the | Queon's Asylum. About 350 ladies and gentlemen sat down to tea in tho diuing-hall, and, after tea, I thoy adjourned to the school-room, where a varied and interesting entertainment, consisting of vocal and instrumental music and readings, was given by) a number of ladios and gentlemen connected with, or friends of, tho congregation, A choioe sdttttaai of microscopio objoots, part of whioh were .kindly auppliod for the occasion by Mr. Roblin, Curator of the Royal Society, was much »dniiied. Tb» ladies who officiated at the tea tables wore Mesdames Anderson, Bendall, Collier, Lovett, lludspotb, Baker, Jamieson, Fletcher, Graham, Hughes, Head, and Tindale, who were assisted, by other friends. A largely attended meeting of Catholics was held on tho evening of the 12th hist, in St. Joseph's schoolroom. The object of the meeting was to devise measures for procuring atestimonial for presentation to Father Julian AVoods, in recognition of his labours during the recent Mission, conducted by him in Hobart Town. Cordial oppressions of satisfaction at the immense good accomplished by the reverend i gentleman having been made, a committee was appointed to carry out the movement. A list was oponed, and numerous subscriptions wore paid in at the meeting. A largo number of subscription lists were distributed at tho meeting, and it was resolved to keep the lists open until to-morrow. On Tuesday evening, a very enjoyable mooting, in connection with tho St. John the Baptist Tem- perance Guild, Hobart Town, was held. The chair was occupied by the Rev. C. P. Greene, B.A. The Rev. Chairman, Rev. J. Gray, Alderman Brownoll, Messrs. C. Ellis, Large, and Hornsby addressed the meeting in advocacy of the Temperance cause. Several ladies and gentlemen contributed to the enjoyment of the evening by their able rendering of music, songs, and choruses. . An old and respected inhabitant of Hobart Town, Mr. P. Levy, of Bathurst- streot, having determined on leaving this colony for Victoria, the members of tbo Hebrew congregation of Hobart Town presented him an address and a silver tea service, in recognition of his valuable services as president of the congregation for a number of years. The presentation was made by Mr. Joseph Solomon, and accepted in a fitting speech by the recipient. ! Mr. Ernest AVilliam Nairn, who was articled to Mr. R. P. Adams, ' Solicitor- General of Tasmania, has heon admitted a member of tbo bar of New South AValeB._ LAUNCESTON AND THE NORTH. [From our own Correspondent.] LAUNCESTON, April 10th. The quietude towards which wo wero drifting, after recent turmoil, at the time" of the dispatch of my last summary letter, is becoming absoluto as winter approaches, and the history of the month, since tho departure of the last outward mail, has been singularly destituto of eventful incident. Tho railway rate agitation is now almost forgotten, and when mentioned is merely alluded to m a vagúo, uninterested sort of manner, as a thing of the past, which had utterly faded from the memory. The additional police force despatched hero to preserve order has been withdrawn, and the town has reverted to its usual quiet and orderly condition. Now that the excitement has passed, and towns Eeople have had leisure for calm reflection, there as been a general disposition on all Bides to admit the error and folly of the recent senseless resistance, and also to concedo that, at a very important and critical juncture, tho Government acted with con- summate judgment and firmness, in its insistance upon' the literal fulfilment of the measures adopted by Parliament for the levying and collection of the rate ; and that by their action at this serious crisis thoy contributed largely to sustain Tasmania's credit in tho money markots of tho world. Tho fact that there is little reason to anticipate further resistance in collecting tho moieties of the rate still unpaid is pretty well indicated in the circumstanco that most of the Municipal Councils in the districts liable, have consented to allow the Council Clerks to act as collectors. Our visitors are now all gone, and for amusement and occupation we aro thrown entirely upon our own resources. For occupation, our. business people fiud these sufficient ; for amusement, thoy are certainly somewhat slender, for when our carnival season is over, the town for many months .is provorbiol for its social vacuity. Tho past agricultural soason leaves us ever}' causo for congratulation, and the results of the returns to tho farmer for tho sale of their grain havo proved uniformly satisfactory. Nearly all the grain has boon received into tho stores of pur merchants, and a largo quantity has boon shipped to the sister colonies and to England, the lost of tho homeward bound vessels having just loft pur shores. The settlement of harvesting accounts oyor, farmers are now turning thoir attention to the forthcoming autumn shows of root-crops'fruits, grain, and vegetables, several of which will take place late in the present month. Death has been busy amongst UB during the month, removing from our midst moro than ono old colonist, tho names of | whom have been intimately associated with Tas mania's progress. The election of a member for the .constituency of North Launceston has been the principal political event of the month, and resulted in tho unopposed return of the Hon. F. M. Innes. The Hon. V. O. Fysh, Colonial Treasurer, has been a visitor at the North, his visit, however, boing of anunofficial character. As the timo for the meeting of Parliament draws nigh, there aro several indications of a chango in the representation of Northern constituencies, two members, Mr. Alex. Clerke, wdio represented Ringwood, and Mr. Jas. Castley, South Launceston, having already resigned, and others aro mentioned as likely to follow this example. .' The revived interest in gold mining, caused by discoveries of rich deposits at tho Nine Milo Springs, is increasing in intensity, and so far the prospects continuo of nu improving and satisfactory nature. The companies at work in this locality are pursuing thoir operations with great energy, and seem likely to speedily meet with very substantial rewards. The principal of theso is tho Gobion Point Com- pany, which, though a now venture, promises .soon to give a rich return to its shareholders. ?',On the 27th March tho Launceston otlico of ¡the company was quite besieged by directors, shareholders, and others interested, anxious to view some remarkably rich specimens brought to town by the legal manager, Mr. Alfred Nicholas. Mr. (Nicholas, as the result of a visit to tho mine, was enabled to report most favourably to the directors, and there is now no doubt that Tasmania has added another to the list of its bona file re . numerativo Gold Mining Companies. Tho Native Youth Company, also at tho Nino Milo, has given fair yields from the stone already crushed, and tiley still continuo to get excellent stone. This company has already, declared a dividend to its shareholders. These encouraging prospects from the gold mines have, as might have hcon expected, caused' considerable excitement, and tho usual speculative spirit has begun to manifest itsolf. This spirit has not, however, been exhibited in tbo ' stylo of reckless gambling in stock, which has been a- characteristic of previous mining excitements, and was productive of such pernicious results. Speculators scorn to havo gainod prudence fronijcx Îicriepcfl and do not rush into mining ventures un ess somo reasonable hope of their proving remu- nerativo to investors can bo foreshadowed. : The workings at Fingal and the Black Boy con- tinue to maintain a fair average yiold ; and during the month 50 tons stone from tho Derby Reef wore crushed, yielding 20oz. 17dwts. retorted gold. From tho Golden Gate claim 42 tons of Btono yielded ,21oz. lOdwts. retorted gold. From the tin minos at Mount Bisclioll, the news received continues of a favourable character, and 'many gentlemen of ability and experience, who havo ¿recently visited tho locality, concur in the opinion ,that the tin deposits aro the most wonderful in the .World. Amongst those gentlemen may bo mentioned ±he names of Mr. John Hunt, of Geelong, Victoria, .Mr. Ulrich, of Victoria, and Mr. S. H. Wintlo, of Hobart Town. Tho first-named gentleman reports very favourably of the result of his inspection, and states " it is perfectly truo that thoro is a splendid show of tin oro at Mount Bischoff " ; and with regard to tho quantity of properly dressed tin oro that could be sent from Mount Bischoff during the next six months, if properly managed, estimates it at 400 tons. Mr. Wintle spoaks a little moro guardedly, and in a scientific letter to The Mercury, reporting the results of his visit to tho Mount, cautions speculators on too cagorly rushing into ventures, where tho imporfeot knowlodgo of pros _jjectors lias led thom to mistako less valuable 'minorais for tho genuino tin ore. Mr. Wintlo's report is, however, on tho whole decidedly favour »ble.aud conoludos by saying that " Mount Bischoff stands i without a rival in the wealth of its stanniferous deposits." From tho report of Air. Crosby, manager of the Mount Bisclioll' Company, it appears that during tho month of March 28 tons ISowt. 3qrs. of tin oro wero carted to Emu Bay. "There woro washed during tho samo month 17 tons 8ewt. of fine stream tin, and 4 tons lOcwt. 3qrs. of coarse stream tin, being a total of 22 tons 4owt, .'tqrs. i Since the company commenced operations, 59'tons 2cwt. 2qrs. of tiu oro have boon carted to* the place of shipment, and from 30 to 50 tons now await shipment at Emu Bay. Tho prospectors sent out by tho Waratah Company havo succeeded in finding some excellent samples of ? both stroam and lade tin. A massive cake of tin, smelted from tho oro ! of tho Mount Bisclioll' Company, has beon exhibited at Launceston during tho month. Tho speoimon was part of the result of a recent reduction of the oro at Sydney. I am sorry to say that of our resources in iron, Iiamainablo to report satisfactory progress. Work at ' all the companies has now beon for some timo suspended. The result of lavish expenditure, tho disbursement of which was entrusted to inexperi- enced hands, lias beon tho active cause of premature, hut- I hopo only temporal y failure. Instead of experienced mon, mere tyros in the manipulation of this obstinate minorai scorn to havo been employed ; and, as a natural result, tho outlay of^capital whioh has proved unproductive. The plant ami maohiuery ! of i tho Ilfracombe Company, tho last to suspend j operations, is in the hands of the sherill', and is to bo ! submitted to publie competition shortly. It is Btatcd that arrangements will then bo made to resume operations on a sounder basis. All com- petent' persons admit tho valuo and extent of our iron deposits ; but inaptitude in management has hitherto prcvonted their proper utilisation. ./The railway rato resistance drama being entirely played out, the opiloguo to its stirring scones has been fitmishod during tho month by the holding of ' two sales of the goods seized on bohalf tho Govern- ! mont,' at the Commissariat Stores, Launceston. But that the consequences of the recent agitation havo I been too serious to treat the matter altogether in a ! pint of levity, the whole progress of this worse than pjuortive agitation, could only excito iu the minds of ' intelligent and reasoning men a feeling of unmixed amusement at the Barry figure cut by the chief actors, | and cause them to view the disturbed period as only an entertaining divertiiiment agreeably relieving our normal monotony. The lack of interest exhibited in the two sales held during this mouth, except by i purchasers anxious to seeuie bargins, showed con- ¡ clusively the utter revulsion of feeling which had taken place. At both sales the goods found pur- chasers, and the stores have now been cleared of their contants, and the police garrison havo returned to their ordinary duties. Tho disorderly clement in our community havo of late occasioned tho police Homo littlo trouble. Ordinary punishments by imprisonments do not seem to oxercise tho necessary deterring effect, and emboldened by immunity from interference, dome of tho larrikin class have essayed to higher flights than moro rowdyism, and havo taken to tho more ambitious pursuit of street gavrotiug. On the night of the 20th March, a dtiriug ca3B of assault and robbery from the person was reported to tho police. Two wood carters named Al'Henry and Mackcrill, were drinking at a public house, a milo or two out of town, when about ten o'clock M'Henry went outside the hotel. Not returning search was made, when'he was found lying insensible about 20 yards from the house, and Buffering from serious wounds on both sides apparently inflicted by Bomo blunt instrument. The sufferer could give no distinct ac- count as to how he received these injuries though he stated that threo men assaulted and robbed him of about twenty shillings. Tho notorious gaol birds named M'Cnfferty, Hargraves and Flynn, wero ! arrested and brought up charged with the robbery, I but the evidence being insufficient to councct them with the charge they wore dismissed. A remarkably fine specimen of the silver eel was captured at Longford during tho month, where it had entrapped itself in the vvater-wheol of a mill race, supplied from tho waters of tho South Esk river. This fish measured oft. four inches in length, 10J inches in circumference,' and weighed 301hs. Mr. Nicholas, the manager of the Golden Point Gold Mining Company, met with a somewhat severe accident on the 27th Marcb(i when returning from a visit to the mine. This occurred at a point known as the fourteen mile bridge. On nearing the bridge with his buggy, in which himself and young sou wero Dontocl, Mr. Nioholao found bo oouhl not croso, and in attempting to turn the vehicle, the wheels locked and it was capsized. The lad was thrown out, and escaped uninjured, but tho buggy fell on Mr. Nicholas, rendering him insensible. Mr. Nicholas was quite unable to extricate himself from his perilous position, but fortunately Mr. Frith, Government road inspector, on his way from George Town, soon afterwards carne up, and released Mr. Nicholas from under the buggy, the horse having all the time stood perfectly still. The sufferer soon rallied, although his chest had evidently been injured, as ho continued for Bome time to vomit blood. Mr. Nicholas has since been attended by Dr. Miller, and although rather severely shaken, has received no serious injury, and has now almost recovered from tho accident. At the request of the Secretary of the Northern Fish and Game Protection Society the salmon recently captured at Bridgewater, and for which a reward of £30 was paid by the Salmon Commis- sioners, has been exhibited at tho Public Library I boro during the month, and has attracted great attention. That Launceston, in business and general pros- perity, ¡8 steadily on the advance, may bo gathered from the desire of our townspeople to settle them- selves permanently in the place whore their several avocations now employ thom. At a solo of Crown lauds hold during the month at the mart of Messrs. Boll and Westbrook, an evident eagerness to pur- chase was exhibited, evincing a widespread con- fidence in the community as to the futuro of the northern portion of the Island. Tho spirited competition for eligible business allotments in town, proves, incontostably, what has long been asserted that the trade and commerce of tho town of Launceston is rapidly assuming a position of solidity ; and that in all branches our morchants and store- keepers are well-to-do and contented. Tho Mayor of Launceston and Captain Tulloch (both known as loading mon in our little mercantile world) pur- chased town allotments, and, as neither of these gentlemen hear the reputation of being laggards, we shall doubtless soon see buildings rapidly [ springing up on the allotments purchased by them. Suburban properties also sold well ; and the mining I speculators, who aro now becoming rather a for ' midablo body, were .also to the fore, and the I G ovornment mineral lands at Mount Bischoff elicited fair competition, Sir. William Ritchie being the principal purchaser. Pastoral lands, too, brought good prices, allowing that the wool kings aro waxing fat and accumulating good balances at their bankers. The total proceeds of the salo will result in a return to the Government of about £5,500 ; and the Minister of Lands is to bo congratulated on having chosen the present opportune time, when all classes of landed property aro in demand here, to realise on these portions of the public estate. It will bo remembered by those interested in such matters that at the time my lost summary was des- patched the disputes botween the congregation of St. Andrews Church, and their minister, wero exciting much comment in ecclesiastical circles. The seceding party had then formed a congregation, and have since been holding service in tho Town Hall under different ministers, Mr. Gardner continuing to officiate in the church. It is now stated that tho Rev. Mr. Gardner has consented to a compromise with the disaffected portion of his congregation, and that'in consideration of an honorarium, to bo paid over to him, ho will resign the pastoral charge of St. Andrews. This arrangement is stated to have been brought about by the mediation of tho Rev. Mr. Russell, late of Evandale. The obituary of tho month contains tho name of Mr. Jas. Robertson. The death of this gentleman, which took place at his residence, Cameron-street, on the evening of tho 1st April, has withdrawn from our midst an old and valued colonist and a respected and useful citizen. With the name of Jas. Robertson the varying fortunes of tho town of Launceston havo formally years been closely woven, and in coramorcial circles the deceased gentleman has borue a pro- minent and honourable part. Tho first of the autumn shows-that of the Northern Horticultural Society, was held in tho pavilion of the Public Gardens, Launceston, the 9th April. Tho exhibition of fruits, flowers and vege- tables was very good, and the holding of the show in the gardens furnished au opportunity for one of those enjoyable outdoor evening gatherings which invariably pass oil" so pleasantly. The attendance of tho public was largo, and the appearance of the room'and gardens during the evening was of themost brilliant description. Outside the building tho rillo band performed with ability, and in the gardens the presence of numberless gaslights, protected by globes of variegated colours glittering brightly against the sombre background of the ferns and other foliage, also contributed to largely enhance the picturesque appearance of the scene. The ex- hibition of both ¿lowers and fruits was oxcellent. The Western Show at Westbury is to bo held on tho 22nd and the Morven Show at Evandale on the 23rd ; and as the harvesting and garnering of the crops is now over, thoro is every probability of farmors preparing themselves vigorously to make the forthcoming competitivo exhibitions a thorough success. Tho Easter holidays passed off very quietly, the weather being unfavourable for holiday makiiig. Tho principal ovont was a celebration by the Good Templars, who assembled in forco, and having marched in procession through tho streets, spent tho remainder of the day and evening in fostivitics in tho publio gardens. The procession which assembled opposite tbo Temperance Hall, Launceston, about two o'clock, was composed of tho various Good Templar and Roohabito lodges of tho town, and also of delegates and representatives of lodges in Hobart Town. Altogether about 400 persons, including the " sisters of tho Order, took part in the procession. At tho gardons, during tbo day, a variety of athletic and other sports wore hold, and at their conclusion a tea mooting took place in tho Pavilion, at which SOO porsons snt down. After tea a public meeting'wos bold, when those present wore addressed by the leading members of the Order, and Bovoral ministers of religion, who impressed upon tho audienco the advantages to be obtained by embracing the principles of the Order. Tho demonstration proved very successful, and tho tirocoedings wero brought to a close about 10 p.m., >y tho singing of tho National Anthem. Our railway entorprizos aro progressing satis- factorily at this end of tho island The returns of traffic on tho Launceston and AVcstern line, show a steady increase over those of previous years, and tho line is in every respect beiug efficiently and economically worked. Tho residents in the district aro daily becoming moro habituated to its uso, and aro beginning to thoroughly appreoiato tho many advantages oouferred upon thom by its working. Tho works of tho Main Lino Company are boiug Îiushed forward rapidly, the rails havo been I aid somo seven milos from the junction at | Evandalo, and the hridgo over tho South Esk River at Clarendon is so far oomplotcd as to permit of tho trains being run ovor it. The I ballast ongincs aro now busily omployod.in drawing I waggons ovor the oomplotcd portion, and the work on this section of the lino is proceeding very rapidly. The weather during tho early part of the mouth was very dry, causing apprehension amongst pastoral tenants and farmers. Later on, however, general and seasonable rains woro experienced, mid everywhere the country prosonts a groon and nourishing appoaranco. In out-door amusomonts little has boon done. The cricket season is nearly ovor, tho last important match being that of North v. South, playod at Hobart Town, vvhoro our representativos mot a dooisivo défont. at the hands of their southern opponents. _ INCIDENTS OF THE MONTH. AAro inontionod in our last summary that a young girl named Lavinia Cherry had boon arrested for stabbing a marriott woman, named Ellon Murray, in AVarwick- Btrcot. Siuco thon Chen y has been committed for trial. A serious accident happened at Glenorchy on tho 2Gth ult., to ,a,man named Jos. AVm. Rollins, aged 34 years, ? The poor fellow was riding from Hobart Town, and his stood, becoming restive, managed to unseat him ; and, while Rollins was on the ground, the horse fell and rolled over its rider, who sustained a sove'ro compound fracturo of tho right leg. Dr. Butler immediately attended him, and recommended his removal to the General Hos- pital, where he was placed under the caro of the same medical gentleman. Higgins, the pedestrian, who, wo stated, was removed to the New Norfolk Asylum, has since been discharged, thoroughly recovered. The fuueral of the late, Mr. Frederick Jeromio Bromby, nephow of Bishop Bromby, took place on tho aftornoon of the 23rd March, tho cortege being composed exclusively of relatives and friends. Tho remains wore taken from Bishop's Court to St. David's Cathedral, where tho service for tho dead was conducted'by the Rov. J. Mace, the- choir, in surplices, chanting portion of the service. The coffin which was elegantly mounted, hore a wreath of white blossoms worked in the form of a cross ; and many of tho lady mourners carried bunches of white roses and other flowers to Bcatter on tho grave of the deceased. At the conclusion of the service the procession proceeded to the Sandy Bay Cemetery, where the body was deposited. À woman named Elizabeth Mason died very suddenly in Bathurst-Btreet on the 1st April, and at an inquest on the remains, held the same day, a : verdict of " death from natural causes " was returned, the medical evidence showing that deceased had been suffering from heart disease. On tho same day an old man named Michael Collins, formerly gate-keeper at the General Hospital, was found lying in the roadway, apparently in a fit, near the Brunswick Hotel, Liverpool-street. He was placed in a cab and taken to the hospital, where he was pronounced to.be in a dangerous con- dition. ' We havo had some distressing cases of drowning since the compilation of our last summary. On the 22nd Mareil, a boy named Allen was drowned near BIchono. On the 26th ult., Mr. Tarleton, the City Coroner, held an inquest on the body of Wm, McDowell, who was drowned on the 23rd ult., by. falling out of his craft. Evidence was given by Master Du Cane (son of His Excellency the Goveinor) as to the sudden disappearance of the deceased from his boat, and the jury found a "verdict of accidentally drowned. His Excellency ttho Governor was present during the inquest ; and on tho 14th ¡natani, a man named William Cullen, about 33 years of age, fell over the bulwarks of the Prairie, and found a watery gi ave. On the 5th inst., a youug boy named William John Chaffey was upset from a dingy off the Oidnance Stores, and notwithstanding a manful attempt to rescue him, he met with a similar fate ; and his body has not boon discovered. These accidents have suggested the desirability of forming in Tasmania a branch of the Royal Humane Society, and our Treasurer, Mr. P. O. Fysh has come to the front with a subscription as a nucleus for a fund. Old TasmaniauB in England will, it is to be hoped, follow the example. We had a terrible storm over Hobart Town during the Easter Holidays. We have not so many slates here as there aro in the old country, but our wooden roofs and palings were scattered about in every direction. Property, particularly fruit trees and other garden produce, have in many cases been greatly damaged ; the fruit being com- pletely shaken off the branches. At the wharf the fencing around the Custom house office, Constitu- tion Dock, was partially tern down ; the top of one of tho gas lamps on the Castray Esplanade was likewise blown away, and a young lady, who hap poued to be passing at the time, narrowly escaped being struck with it on the head. Several large stacks of palings stored on the wharf were scattered about in every direction, and some washed away to sea. ' Palings and fences in various parts of the city and suburbs havo also been considerably damaged. I At Sorell, tho »term, bc&ldoo; doing muoh injury to fruit and fences, caused the total fall of Kidbrook House, now the property of Richard Crocker, Esq., of Bello Vue, and once occupied as a well-known business place by Mr. Bray Watson, near the Sorell Wharf. A man named George Moody, a seaman belonging to the schooner Kingston, has been missing since the 27th March. As soon as the man was missed, the seamen belonging to the schooners Star of the Sea and Kingston, as well as a largo number of the resi- dents of Port Davey,'accompanied by dogs, searched the bush surrounding the Port, but could not find any trace of Moody. They also dragged a portion of the river, but without success. A fire broke out at the brewery of the Messrs. James in Elizabeth-street on the morning of the 13th inst., but the damage done was not material. The roof of the now brew-house was partially des troyed.and some malt in one of the vats was rendered unlit for use. The death of a Trafalgar boro is regarded oven by our English readers as an event deserving of being chronicled ; and certainly such an occurrence in Tasmania must be doubly interesting. Ou the 8th instant, thero died at Triabunna, Spring Bay, at the advanced age of 98 years, Mr. George Evans, who did his duty bravely alongside of the noble Nelson, at Trafalgar. Mr. Evans subsequently emigrated to Sydney, and ultimately arrived in Tasmania in 1817. For a while he did very well in the way of prospering, but having got tinex Îiectedly involved through the scheming of others io returned to Sydney for a short time. Latterly Evans' resided with his two sons at Spriug Bay. Somo time ago he lived in tho Oatlands district, and also at Bagdad. This week our obituary records the death in Vic- toria of the sou of an old colonist who held high office hore. AVo allude to Mr. Edward S. F. Greenuow Bromley, son of Dr. E. F. Bromley, R.N., formerly naval officer and Colonial Treasurer of Tasmania. Mr. Bromley was 50 years of ago at the timo of his death. A report from our correspondent at Sorell received on Tuesday last, mentions a very distressing acci- dent to a little boy named Hayes, son of Mr. Martin Hayes, of Ringarooma. It appears that the de- ceased George Hayes was playing near the stump of a tree which his father was burning away, when tho tree suddenly foil, a projecting limb striking tbo unfortunate lad on tho skull, which was well nigh smashed in. Dr. Blyth was immediately sent for, but the little sufferer was injured beyond the flower of human remedy, and, after lingering t.iel ve lours, expired. It is a pleasing duty at all times to reoord tho success of fellow-countrymen, no matter where it moy eventuate. At the recent exhibition of tho Academy of Arts in Sydney, there woro 133 pic- tures shown ; of which 16 wero from Victoria, 5 from Tasmania, 21 from New ,Zoalaud, and 91 from New South Wales ; and of the five silver medals awarded Tasmania has carried off two ; the suc- cessful competitors being Mr. AV. C. Piguenit and Mrs, Alfred AVilliams, of Hobart Town. Mrs. AVilliams ¡3 also favourably mentioned for another picture, "Lory at Homo," which the Sydney Morning Herald says " deserves a distinct notice." A man named Frederick Abel, of the Eastern Marshes has been raising for a considerable time, and notwithstanding that a minute search has been made for him, no traces have as yet boen discovered. AVbon last soon he stated that he intended pro- ceeding to Oatlands for medical advice, as ho was Buffering from rheumatism in the knee. OBITUARY. Several Tasmanian colonists of long standing and note have passed away from us since our last message home. On the 27th ult., Mr. George Wilson, senior, whoso name has been a housohold word in Oatlands and tho midland districts of Tasmania, for upwards of forty years, paid the debt of nature. Ho was not one of tho very earliest pioneors, having lauded here in tho year 1831 ; but ha was one of tho most enorgotio and perso yering, and few have dono more to leave their mark on the Colony's progress. He sailed from Portsmouth in tho ship John, and brought with him a stock of boes, which he was the first to introduce into Tasmania ; indeed, into Australia, for the innumerable hives of boos that are now spread over Australia are the produce of the shipment by the John. Mr. Wilson first settled in the Macquarie River dis- trict, where he was the compeer of the founders of the well-known Tasmanian families, the Taylors, tho Gatenbys, the Thirkells and others. He did not, however, long confino himself to his first location, but soon after obtained a Crown grant of 1,500 acres, whioh he retained to tho day of his doath, and on which ho built the mansion-house of Mount Seymour, in which he diod. From time to timo, hy well directed energy, ho was enabled to purchase other property in tho district of Oatlands, in which ha was one of tho largest laud-owners. His broad aores ho did not loave in a state of nature, but spread around bim well-culti- vated fields and comfortable homesteads. Ho was prominent in every measure for giving tho country good roads. Ho recognised tho value of easy com- munication, and was famed for the superior cultiva- tion of his farms, ?* To effect this ho availed himself of ovory improvement in implements, and introduced the purest and host breeds of stock. Ho reaped his reward in being the possessor of one of tho Iargost and best improved properties in the district. Himself a Scotchman, he knew the value of his countrymen as agriculturists, and, perhaps, did inoi o than any other man to introduco ouiigrants of tho propor class ; and that ho exorcised a wiso dis- cretion in his selection is evidenced by tho fact that nearly nil of those ho brought out settled in his neighbourhood, and their families now oootipy the lands thoir fathers acquired, and constitute a very valuable class of yeomen. Scotohmaii-liko, also, Mr. Wilson did not forgot tho relatives ho had loft bohind him, but inducod many of thom to emigrate to the thon littlo-known Tasmania. All those he has outlived ; but besides moro distant relativos, upwards of fifty nephews and noicos aro Bcttlod in the neighbourhood of 'Mount Seymour, who all respootod Mr. Wilson as a father. While Mr. Wilson attended BO well to his own matters, lie did not forgot the interests of his neighbours, nud waa ever ready to loud a helping hand, He was a protection to his neighbours against tho thon curse of Tasmania. The bushranging fraternity fave him a wide berth. They never molested fount Seymour, though in the direct road from Port Arthur to tbo North. Thoy wero in awè of him, and not without reason, for ho was victor in many a conflict with thuin. He received tho thanks of Government for his gallant seizure of two des- peradoes-Rushton and Millar-who had waylaid, with the intention of robbing, the Superintendent of the Public AVorks, at St. Peter's Pass, who, though shot in the head, escaped with the money ho was convoying to pay tho men. Mr. AA'ilson was never mixed up with any attack upon tho ¡ ahoiigiuos. TJp to a recent date, ho rbtaincd much ¡ of the vigour and strength that had distinguished ' his youth, and was as able to atteud to his affairs | as in the vigour of manhood. But oven his strong athlotic frame and robust health, on which ho had never bestowed too much caie, had to succumb to a softening of tbo braiu, which first showed its symptoms about five mouths ago, confining him pretty closely to bed.' No immediate danger was apprehended till within 30 boura of his decease, when he had a shock of apoplexy, which ended in death. Ho leaves a widow, aged 72, and two sons and three daughters, one daughter having pre- deceased him. Some difference of opinion has been expressed as to the real introducer of the bees. An old Tasmanian gives tho credit to Mr. William Kermode, of Mona Vale, and late of Liverpool, in Lancashire. But there can be little doubt that the credit ia due, as wo originally stated, to Mr. AVilson, 1 though his brother, Dr. AVilson, shared with him in the work. On the 1st instant, Mr. James Robertson, of Launceston, expired, and from a contemporary we gather that " He was the last of the four brothers Robertson, so long known in Launceston and Hobart Town, and his decease adds another namo to the long roll of old colonists who havo lately passed from us. He had oomplotcd his 74th year on the 23rd of March. Mr. Robertson arrived in Tasmania in the year 1822, and for a time occupied a sheep station in the Campbell Town district, but so far ' back as 1830 ho came to Launceston and entered on commercial life in partnership with his younger brother Daniel, who was unfortunately drowned in 1841 whilst fishing in tho South Esk. From that period until very lately Mr. Robertson has been entirely engaged in mercantile pursuits, and having during this long period been more or less asso- ciated with all our moro extensive woolgrowers and agriculturists, '¡as well as business men in Launceston, tbo deceased gentleman was more extensively known than most mon in our com- munity. AVhere best known he was most reBpected, and his loss will be greatly .felt and deeply deplored by all classes. His namo has been associated with the principal public movements in Launceston, and with most of our public institu- tions. The deceased gentleman has been a Justice of the Peace for the colony since the year 1843. His health has failed gradually since his retiremeut from taking an activo part in the largo commercial transactions of the colony, and his friends have remarked that he drooped more since tho death of his elder brother, AArm. Robertson, Esq., of Colac, Victoria, who died on the 18th January last. Mr. James Robertson retained his consciousness to the lost moment of his long illness, aud died very peacefully, Biirroundcd by his family and servants. His last words were-"Remember mo to all my friends, my memory is as good at this moment as ever it was in all my life." * On the 6th instant another well-known colonist, Captain Fenton, expired, at the ripe old ago of 85 years. Ho lived at Fenton Forest, about 14 miles from New Norfolk. His demise leaves another blank in the roll of " old identities," so many of whom have passed away during tho hist year or two. The history of Captain Fenton is perhaps more interest- ing than that ofxany of tbo old colonists whoso deaths we have'luul tho painful task to chronicle lately. Captain Fenton was tbo third son of | Michael Fenton, 1df Castletown, and theil High i Sheriff of the County Sligo, where the family (originally French) bad settled at a remoto poriód. Mr. Fenton'8 influence in the county during the rebellion of 1798 was so important to the Govern- ment that an offer was made bim of a commission for one of his sons. Consequently the subject oÇ the present notice was gazetted to the 13th Light In- fantry at 16 years of age. In tho following year, 1818, he joined tho expedition to the West Indies under Generals Beckwith and Brisbane, and carried tho King's colours at the taking of Martinique,in his 17th year. Until 1814 he served with the 13th, under Sir Charles Colvin,, in the AVcst Indies and Canada, and was engaged in tho storming of Platsburgh ; but in consequence of the fleet being taken, the soige was routed.. When the 13th wero returning under orders for the Peninsula, they received in the ¡ Channel intelligence of the battle of Waterloo, i Tho regiment served in Scotland and Ireland , until 1822, when it proceeded to Calcutta, and served through tho Burmese campaign, under General Sir Archibald Campbell. After the poace with Ava, Captain Fenton was appointed com- mandant of the depot of Chinsura, where Henry Havelock was then Acting-Adjutant. Captain Fenton's last military service was as Brigade-Major at Calcutta. His health being seriously impaired by tbo Burmese Campaign, ho sold out and came to Tasmania, where ho took his maximum grant at Westbury, and subsequently purchased his residenco of Fenton Forest. Ho was appointed a member of the Nominee Legislativo Council by Governor Sir John Franklin, in August, 1840 ; and having resigned with the others of the " Patriotic Six " in the year 1843, he was reappointed by Royal AVarrant in March, 1847. The names of tho "Patriotic Six" wore, Captain Swanston, Captain Fenton, John Ker», Wm. Ker- mode, Thos. G. Gregson, and Richard Dry, the names of all of whom are now with "the past," In October, 1S31, Captain Fenton was elected, a member of the Electivo Legislative Council, for Now Norfolk, and Speaker of tho Council on the 17th July, 1853, in succession to Sir li. Dry, the first Speaker. On tho 13th September, 1800, on the division of the Legislature into two Houses, he was elected member of the House of Assembly for New Norfolk, and first Speaker of the House on the 2nd December, 1850, an honour ho hold until, by the dissolution of the House, on the 8th May, 1861, Captain Fenton's scat becamo vacant, and he has not since sat in the Legislature. It is no exag- geration to Btate that during these 20 years of parliamentary life, the whole energies of his fino nature as a Christian, soldier, gentleman, and largo hearted landholder, were devoted to tbo aid of the destitute, and the elevation of their condition, moro than to tbo aggrandisement of himself and family. That fact was abundantly testified by the sorrowing crowd who pressed for a last sight of him whose help they never sought in vain, bewailing their loss as they followed him to his interment. Capt. Fenton married in 1828, at Calcutta, Mrs. E. S. Campbell, daughter of tho" Rev. John Russel Knox, whoso nophovv, Henry Láu'rence, was tho heroic defender of Lucknow. Of their seven children, ono son and threo daughters survive. On the 13th April, Mr. Joseph Rust, aged 73 years, and a colonist of 49 years, diod at tho General Hospital ; so that it will be seen that many of our old colonists are rapidly passing away. INTERCOLONIAL. VICTORIA. This colony is in tho heat ot a general election, and as the issue placed before tho constituencies is con- stitutional reform, with ii view to bringing the Upper Chamber into greater harmony with the [fouso of Assombly. of course a good deal of interest is taken in tho results of the poll. As yet only two batches of elections havo come off, and tiley havo given but a small majority to I ho supporters of thu .Ministerial manifesto. Several of tho Ministry aro being opposed, and it is con- sidered quite a likely event that Kir. Langton, tho Treasurer, will bo unseated, ii strong opposition te him hnvlng been organised by tho freo traitors, who havo found a competent champion ¡n Mr. Slohol, a well known merchant of the finn of Joshua Bros. Sir John O'shanassy, a member of the Upper Chamber, has resigned his seat, and I» going to oppuso Mr. Lawrence Tturko, who lins sut in tim Lower House ns the repre- sentative of Kilmore during tho last Parliament, and was always supposed to bo ino uomlueo of Sir John. In our last wo mentioned that several libel actions had boou tiled ¡u tho Supreme Court, mid that in each cuso tho defendants Jiad. been ordorod to pay damages. Since then applications for now trials have been mudo in ovory case, bul. the proprietois of tho Australasian and Town and Country only wero successful. Tho ground upon which tho rulo was granted in the first caso was that the vordict was against tho evidence. In tho hitter ouse, in which one of the allegations put forth against the plaintiff, Traen, wits that he had appropriated an artlolo f i oin tho Field, representing it ns his owo pro- duction, tho Court hold that tho evidence upon that poiut was so unsatisfactory that the issue ought te bo submitted to another juiy, aud, therefore, mudo absoluto tho rulo for a now trial. On the Hist March, tho barque Ecliptic, laden with coal from Newcastle to Melbourne, was wrecked on tho Gippsland coast, and tho captain and nina mea wore drowned. Only one of the crew was saved. Mr. Justlco Williams, who has boon on tho Supreme Court Bunch for tho last 22 years, has resiguod, and it is expected that Mr. Wilberforce Stophon, tho present Attorney-General, will, iu tho oront of his dofeat ut tho ensuing election, at St. Kilda-where he ia being opposed by Mr. Hartley Williams, ii barrister, and son of Judge Williams-be olevated to tho Bunch. Tho finances of the Colony aro In n satisfactory state, the rovonuo for the first quarter of the year amounting to £1,094,090, or au increase on tho piovlous quarter of ¿119,000. Some strango cases of forgery mid embezzlement havo boen brought to light sluco our hist homo lottor. Georgo .Maurico Drummond, lato manager of tho Richmond brauch of.tho Provincial and Suburban Bank, has pleaded guilty to embezzling a largo sum of money, bolongiug. to tho banking corporation, and was, on Thursday, r sentenced te five years imprison, mont, A man nnmed Mailor, who endeavoured to claim a considerable ' estate in Gippsland, uodor a forged will, has been uriestod, and is to bo prose outod by tho Government for tho crimo. Another oxtraordiuarv caso of forgory has been discovered, the perpetriitor being Mr. George Buteliiut, a well-known cattle salesman. The prisoner was disguised, und possod nlf ns Mr. James Tyson, a New South Wales squatter, mid he was in the act of negotiating n cheque- for £ 100, purporting to ho in Mr. Tyson'» handwriting, when ho was arrestad outside tlio Hank of Victoria. Since his arrest ovidenco lins boen procured which lins led to his removal to ii private asylum, and his bails havo boon ostreated. (('Kurrali, the ulork iii tho Lands Depart- ment, who bal toil sonio thron or four months ago, having robbed tho Government of soino £20,000, has boon arrested in Now Caledonia, and has boon brought back te Melbourne in tho custody of Dotoctivo Mackay, A fatal railway accident has occurrod on the Mel- bourne and Sandhurst lino, by viluch a guard named Campbell Maxwell lost Ins life The poor follow was caught by the nhcols of the engine, and htoially cut to pieces Victor Angel, a young gymnast belonging to tho woll known Magnet Lioupo, lins boon drowned while bathing in the Benella Ho was mai ried a short tuno ago to tbo vi til known lady gj mnust " Lottie," i who lias been mulan,; u highli successful lout of the Australian colonies dunug tho last tiioycais I NiW SOUTH WA LbS I Both houses of narhanicut have resumed nftoi the I Lnstoi holichis Hie lum estimates lime all bt.cu j passed, including a sum of ¿75,000 foi a uow 1 mintie i osjluui The Oovornmeut has witluliawn tho measure mont duties, mid liivo substituted ad latoi cm duties on ii gi tutu illy decreasing molo '1 ho Legislative Council luis i ejected tho lopoit of tho coiuiuitteo to make the Upper (Jouso olectivo A postal convention has hoon arranged with tbo Honolulu Govern meut .Parliament will not be prorogued before the Lleotoral Bill is possed. | liio proiogation will probably take place at the end of the present month It is likely that Mr Saul Samuels, present Post-master General, will be til« now Thmster of Lands The pjst quarter'.)) revenue amounted to £711,630, showing a deciease of over ¿4,000 Mr Mooro, directorof the Syduoy Botanical Gardens has proceeded to nttoud tiio Botanical Congi ess at Uorenco, he having rccoived leave of absence for that pulpóse .New Zealand and Queenslind, havo entered into an arrangement with Messis Siemens Bros, Loudon for tho construction of nu electric cable between New Zealand and New South Wales, and nnothor between Queensland and Singapore Five pel cent for thirty five years, upon £1,000,001 has been guaranteed for the cost of tho two lines £12 000 pul iniiiim has been allowed to covei in full all expeuses Hie cost foi ovoij niRssugoof twenty woids from New Zealand to New South Wales is not to exceed 15s, und 9d foi euch word above twenty The cost of twenty words from Queensland to Singapore is not to exceed 40s for tho Mist two yen», after which the charge will bo reduced to d5», tho charge for each word above twonty will be 2s The chief topic of interest dunug the month has been the escapo from Dueos Peninsula New 0 iledoma, of MM Roehcfort, Grousset, Jouidc, Pam, Builheio and Achille, Fiench Communist prisoner» fho fugitives lind managed to secrete themselves on bool d the li irque P C E , bound for Nowcasth, that sailod from Noumea on 20th ult, and ai n vii at her destination on ¿Sill ult It appears that M Roehcfort and his pin tj had obtained leave te go hslung m one of the shoi e boats mid thoy got on boa K1 the buque PCE, that vv is lyiu¿ nt her anchorage When the news of the (light became know n at New Caledonia, gieat excitemont prevailed, aud n strict search was at once made throughout tho shipping in bin hour Tho Governoi uf Now Ciilcdonti, who waa up the country at tho time of the escape, re tin ned to Noumea next diy, but consuleied it too late to »end a mau of-vvar in chase Tile Communist», except Achille, immediately left newcastle foi sydney, and took up their quin ter» nt Courvoisiei's Hotel On thou arrival there, the Fiench Cons ii published a letter, denouncing thom ns elimináis ltochefort. Pain, fhllieie, und Grousset, rephc 1 te tho attack, in dignantly denying that they were sentenced asm Jinary convict», butas political nffondeis M Achille loft Now castle by n sailing vessel on 9th inst, for California. MM Hocbofort, Grousset, lennie, 1'ain and Balliere, loft Sydney by the mail steainei for Lngland vuî Guli forma The representativo of tho lot rea mad lino has offered to niako ¡sydney tho permanont terminus if subsidised Tho Californian Mad Conipiuy lutoud to cany wool to Now X°rk at ljd per lb The Gavel II mont intend to commute tho sentences of Gardiner mid the escuit rabbais to exile, wheu ten yoais of the »entonce lins beca sei ved, A number of shipmasters have potittnnod tho Govern mont to erect tho Seul Rock Lighthouse on the main land Heavy floods have uccuriel in tho Southern Const districts At a special mootiugof the Clumber of Comineico, It was iciolved to urge the necessity of coustiucting another largo dock at Sydnoj SOU!!! AUSTRALIA Tho amount realised from tho imports and exports for 1873, thou» Unit South Australia is rnpidli ir crenBing in prosperity Iho imports amounted to £3,627,000, and the oxpoits to £4,28u,000 I he rovenuo for tho past quarter has boen veri Batís faetón It amounted to £206 000, including£101,000 from Customs, ¿58,000 from lund saleB, £40,000 from ruilwais, and £1S,000 Irom postal and telegraph Tifty thous mil pounds worth of 6 per cent Treasury bills have been taken ut par Mr Boothill 'a wheat statistiva, which havo boen issued, sholl that the tutu) art.» sown was 781,784 sores, boing an increase of 24 973 acres The total j laid amounted to C l78,8lCbbls, Bhowmg a deoronse ot 2,oo7,09G bhls Tim average vield was 7 bhls 521b, being a decrauso of 3 bhls 381b Iho probable export surplus will be 03,000 tons Tbo District Chairmen s Association intend to petition Parliament to g runt a fui thor sum of £ 100,000 for the maintenance of mum roadB The Board ot Education has applied to Government for an increased amount lor building schools The Eastern Extension folsgruph Compiny havo forwarded ii tohgrum, off ung to roducn tho rato between London und Pott Dai A in to £¿ 6s for ton words minimum lind 6s Gd for ovorv additional word Between India und Port Durwin, lnoluding the India lind Juvu transit rates, 38s , uud a corres- ponding loduction lo other countries This, in consideration of receiving an annual subsidy of £25 000, rodurcuMe nitor 31,000 mtssuges Mr Todd ia now itsiling the other colonies to BOO if their respectivo Governments will agroo lo those terms. 'Iho Ad-England Elovon havo plajed two ontkot matches ni South Australia during the mouth-ono at YorUo's Pdiunitila, and the other at Adoluilo In both las tuncos tbo Englishmen obtained an easy victor) over thur opponents, whoso teams vv ere each composed of twenl} -two players Tho balance bh-et of the Moonta minos shows that over 11 O00 tons ot oro were raised during tho half yoar The gross proceeds amounted to £123 000, and ibe expenses to £00,000 Notwithstanding this sutifuctori result, the directors nero determined lo reduco the expenditure bl decreasing tbo wages of tho minors The tuen wool 1 not submit to this, and struck work lim etnkn still continues, and | opular feeling is »trougli against tho directors News from the Northern 'Iurntory has boen of a satisfactory nature A correspondent of ono of tho Adelaide papers «tates tint ho hub grout confi lonco «s to the gold bearing natura of the counlri, und ho considered that the non success is oning to sending expensive muohinorjjiind tho nogligonco of m lingers A specimen of quurU from lim Christmas cluiin has boen tested, and \ tedded at tho rate of 20oz to tho ton, QUr.ENSLYI.P Both housps of Pirhnmen' mai on 23rd ult Tbo Premier (ina Hon A MiotilH'nr) mulo ii Ttmiatoriul statomoiit, in tlie o MIMO of whioll ho annmnood his intention to dual with the lons id pomona of runs, und introduce a now land bill, whiob should bo mo e liberal in its provisnns, vv wlojiutund »di intigeous to tho prosent holders Tho Government w is plodgotl to Uko misamos to prometo a continued stroiitn ol immigration nnd securo tho boat cluse of omigrnnls Two hills would bo introduood for the purpose of dealing with the subject of mining legislation i'ho Government would press on the railwav works, and proposed to invite pnva'o individuals to make a railway in the coast districts and also to the west, offennfr 1 ind us a recompense A sum of money would be pi toed on tho estimates for telegraphic extension, and also for river and harbnur improvements, und for roads and budges Mr Palmer said that tho Govornmont had taken their policy from the p ogrammo of thoir predeoessors in office, but if the oresont Govornmont would only carr) our halt thoir promises ho would support them Ou 25 h ult tho Treasurer (Mr Hemmant) made his financial statement, winch was well received Ad valorem duties aro to be struck nut where practicable, and spocial duties substituted Tho genoral tondonc) of tho tanll is protootivo It is proposed to abolish dutios on New Ho ii md flux, and quicksilver, Btoam engines, boiler*, and all sorts of agricultural, pustotul, and mining machiner) A company H boin,' formed at Brisbane to purchase four boats for tim northom trade The proposed capital is £90,000 Tho oponing of tho now Roman Catii olio Cathedral at Bnsbana, has boon indefinite!} postponed The news from the goldfields is highly encouraging ns to their richness, but in some case» disastrous from want of necosBunos At tho G) mpio 100 tens 13 ovvt of quart/ from Nos 10, and 11 South Montland jiolded ovor 'libo? of gold The total roeoipts from the Pulmor, sinco tho eslubhsluneut of tho township, amount to 20,0000? gold 'I he Government uro not!vol) emplojod in opening up dray roads to tho Palmor and Oioktovn Pho tido of «micralion to the cold fields is strong, but numbcis of pomona at the Palmor and Endeavour rivers aro without moina, and serious results are likely to ensue Provision» and horses aro vary soarco Taking advantage of this Sydney and Tasmania buve dispatched vessols to supply tbo want NUV /(.ALAND Sir Francis Dillon Boll, Speakor of tho House af Representatives, ni iiddiossmg lus constituants, »aid that the revenue of tho colony wies increasing ripidly Mr Vogel lind estimated the revenue tins) eui at i 1,180,000, but tho first »ix months showed a return te the liooiui) of £001,001 'typhoid fovor is prevailing at Auckland, owing, it is said, te tins defictivo sanitary couditiou of the city 'I ho ship Woodlark with immi- grants, fioni London, ni lived ut 'Wellington on the night of tho 21th March She had fovei on bonni, nod was placed in quaiuntino Eighteen deaths occurred in tho vessel dilling tho vojngo, mostlv children, of infantile diseases Tho ndult» woio lill well at piosont, hut II few childi on woio «'ill sulfciing finui stallet fuvei Tho detention wa» expected to be »holt A valuable soam of coal has boon discovoiod at Shnkospoiuo Bay, Pioton, wlulo woikmou woio digging holes for toiogmph poles A disastrous lire bioko out on tho night of Milich 22nd nt I otara FI it, by which tho whole of tho stored crops and buildings belonging to Mesiis RlolCmliiy Brother», wore ooinplotel) destro)od iho estimated loss i» fiom 11,500 to c2000 Ibu causo of the hro is unknown , tho pioporty wn» uninsuioil l)i Hootoi, who has boon ona visit to the oil »pring» of Povoity Hay, lum roportod privately that ho a iw tho oil »pi niging up to tho suifaco in nhuiidniiio, ululo the lund roundabout waa well adipted foi agrioultuio Ono of the l'humas journal» and some of tboso pubhshod in tho piovinco of Hawkes' Bav, uro punted on papir inndo of Now idea land II ix It i» bid in col mr mid biittlo, though it toko» a fair iinpiot.sion It is the intention of tho Bishop of Auckland to admit to douqjn'» ordoia El uota Hurutara Te Ngari!, appointing linn to minister to his countrymen iu this archdeaconry, ile (Eruera) belongs to the tribe of Pntutokotoko, who reside for the ' most part lound nbout Wanganui und tbo Taupo I countiy Lruera is 35 yeal s of ago , ho was in the I schools of the Church Missionary Society tor a period of ' twelve yeal s iho rush of diggers from the Thames to ' tbo Palmor River still continuos Tho departure of so I man) mon fiom tho field is causing seuousiucouvouieuco, sevei ii iiiipoitunt uorks remaining idle for want of | Inborn ers Sovou and sixponce and eight shillings per ila) of eight hour shift is being offered and meeting with no lespouse, whilo contracts aro ouly boiug taken at a late equal to no1 less tbnn 30 por cont advance upon curient prices paid ii few months ago A des tt nein a fno had ocean ed in Bridge street, Ni Ison It broko out at Phillip's soap works, destroying thom, aud a shop, as wall as ! hoi ton's, saddler, on one side , und Wymond'«, draper and tho hilliard room and stables bolougiug to tbo trafalgar llotol, Mr Thorn- ton was timosuiod Tbo total insurance was as follows -South British Office, il,400 , Norwich Union, i.500, Nxtional, £100 , Victorian, ¿l.oOJ, £1,800 ; Kew Zealand, £1,000, London and Liverpool, £1,000 Tho flames had secured a firm hold of the build inga before the ailinn was given The Wellington Inde- pendent, in an article advocating tho importance of securing the Polynesian trade foi the colony, says, that as Auckland is within four days' steaming of Fiji, it should be made the depot for that trade, and also for many other Pacific Islands A new Wellington Land Building Company has commenced operations. 