GREGORY THE GREAT. Falsehood becomes stereotyped and sane tified in the Romish Chiu-ch. It is no matter what pi-oof is pi;oduced to expose the falsehood still it is held to, repeated, and made venerable by the bold confidence by which it is maintained. That church acts with history upon the principle of the Fi-enchman, who, when told that "the facts wex-e against, him," i-emiiiked with great composure, " So much the worse for the facts." Fpr centuries past the chin-ch has falsified history wherever her interests are concerned. She has re-wx'itten or inter polated every aiicient authbr who might thus be ,made to serve her ends. And her baseless legends she has taught for history so that her people shall see nothing and know nothing but as she judges best for them. We could not help reflecting, thus as we read the speech of Mr. P. A. Jennings after his obtaining the txnimpeiy knight hood which' Dr. Poldirig conferred upon him from the Pope! No sooner did he get his blessed sword, and his gold cro.ss and i"ed libbon, and feel that he was " Six- Patrick " in the estimation of Ajxostles and max'tyrs, than "he began to retail as in dubitable truths some of the most flagrant and most easily jxroved falsehoods for the glory of his church. We pass over his "poetry" which is not the less false because it is part of an "anthem," sung over and over by theatxicals and acrobats, with'- out their kxxowing a single wox'd of what they are singing, " O, Roma Felix, quax duox'um piincipum, es copsecrata glorioso sanguine ;" for evidence is now so clear and satisfactory that only perversity in the maintenance of falsehood can now accept the legend that Paul and Peter were martyred in Rome. We come to a part of Mx-. Jeixnings' address which cex-tainly did astonish ixs as coming from a gentleman who professes to have some regard for ti'uth, and for the good name of our Fatliei-land. Tlie passage Avhich we select from the s))oech bf the new made kixight is as follows : — " The great saint (Gregory T.) in whose honour the distinguished order to which I have this day been admitted cannot but be an object of admi- ' ration and reverential respect to all/ English speaking nien, for it was he of alt men who, under heaven, caused ike conversion of the inhabl- ttints of the Isles of Britain to the Christian faith." And then he quoted from Dr. Newman : — "Alexandria was put aside for England and Ireland. . . . Wh.at were these outer Bar barians to Gregory ? How could they relieve him or profit him ? . . ., Yet he corresponded with their King and Queen . . . informed them of the satisfaction which their conversion gave to the Imperial Court at Constantinople, and sent them sacred presents for the Apostle Peter." Now, the whole of this which we have undexdined is falsehood which has been ex posed for the ten thousandth time. But, nevertheless, here it crops out again, aixd is retailed by the xxxouth of a new-made knight, just as if it were certain truth ! Mr. Jennings states in his own way the baseless Popish legend that Gx'egory I., called " the Gx-eat," convex'ted the in habitants of the British Isles to the Christian faith from being outer baxbarians. Does he know what ho said ? Does he believe what he said % His ignorance, if so, has not the excuse which it would have in the Irishman who cannot read, or, ixi the priest who dares not read beyond the books prescribed by the church. Let us see bx-iefly how totally false the whole whole stox-y is. Iix the year 596 Gx-egory sent his mis- sionaxy, Austin, with fox-ty monks, to bring over the people of Britain to the Romish faith. What did he find on his arrival? "Outer bax-barians," says Mx-. Jennings ; but Dr. Lingard, the Roman Catholic Ixistox-ian, says, " no such thing." The Saxon invader, who reigned in Kent, was doubtless a Pagan, but his Queen, Bertha, was a Christian ; and, adds Di. Lingax-d, " Ethelbert coild not be un acquainted with the Christian religion. It was px'obably the belief of the majority of the British slaves in his dominions." Not only this : Austin, when he anived, asked through Ethelbert that he might have a coixference with the British Bishops " to ratify a Catholic peace with them, to unite with him in the common labour of px-eaclx- ing the Gospel tothc Gentile Anglo-Saxons." As Austin made submission to the Bishop of Rome one of his stipulations in this " Catholic tx'eaty," the British bishops would not listexx to him ; they x-efused peremptorily his entx-eaties and scox-ned his threats. At a secoxxd confex- etxce, " when seven Bx-itish bishops and a gi-eat many learxxed Doctors were present," Austin " was accused of pride" and he was told that the British churches woixld not sub mit to the Bishop of Rome. Austin then, in a thox-ough Romish manner, told them, " If ye will not accept peace with your brethren, ye shall have war with youi enemies ; and if ye will not preach the way of life to the Anglo-Saxons you shall suffer the vengeance of death at their hands." Marvellous to say that soon- after, by the convnuvnd of Ethelbert, whom Gregory and Jennings would acknowledge as "converted," upwaxds of two hundxed of those British Christians weie "mur dered in cold blood." Does all this look Hke as if Gxegoxy's agent, Austin, found the Bxitish people " outer barbarians ?" ' Caix it be true, in the face of all this, what Mx. Jennings has said, that it was " Gx-egory who caused the conversion of the ixxhabitants of the Bxitish Isles ?" It is not true even in the limited sense that Austin convexted the Bxitish to Romish doctrine, fox, as Di. Lingard again says, " there was xxo diffex- eixce between the doctriiie of Austin and the Bxitish bishops ; the dift'erence lay, as the histoxian Bede shows, wholly iix disciplhie." But let us look at Britain dux-ing the yeax-s befoxe 59G whexx the -'great St. Gregory " sent Austin aixd his monks to bring the British Clxxistians into subjec tion to Rome. Befoxe the appearance of Gregoiy or Austin, tbexe was a Couixcil of the Church held in England, at which 118 bishops were px-esent! In tlxe councils held at Arminium and Sardica, in 359 347, the names of British bishops appear. In the Council of Aries in 314 the British bishops of London, York, and Caerleon- upon-IJsk were present. And yet Mx. Jennings tells ixS that Gregory in 596 brought the inhabitants of the Bxitish Isles to the Christian faith ! The Roman Catholic historian. Dr. Lingard, already quoted, says, " We have undoubted pxoof that the believers in Christianity were numerous, that a xeguldr hierarchy ha,d been institixted before the close of the third century ; for, by contemporaxy witers, the church in Britain is always put on an equality with the churches of Spain ami Gaul." It is needless to quote more. Mr. Jennings ought to be ashamed to be caught thus repeating, like a parrot, the legends of the chuxch for true histoxy, to the dis- paxagcment of his country. If he were to read a little moxe respecting the " great Saint," he might discovex, if the "dialogxxes" are Gregoiy's, how little that Saint had to attract the admixatioix of English- speaking men of the pxesent day ; but if those dialogues are " foigeries," as they pxobably are, he will find thxee things in Gregoiy which ought to pexsuade him, "Mx. Jennings," to xexxounce Pius IX. Gxegoxy said, "I confidently say that who soever calls liimself universal Pxiest, ox desires to be so called, is, in his an'ogance, the forerunner of Antichrist." How does Pius IX. stand by this test? Gregory said that it was " the constant practice fox the people to receive the sacxament in both kinds ;" what is Dx. Polding's pxactice if tried by this rule ? And Gregory forbad the piiest to celebrate the " Euchax-ist alone ;" but evexy priest in Sydney will offer solitary masses if- pxoperly engaged and xemunerated to do so ! Poor Mr. Jennings. If Gregory the Great were to see him with his sword and cxoss, as a knight of the Order of St. Gxcgoxy," he would not know him ; but if Gregory XVI. — who instituted the Order — were to see him thus rigged out to dobattle for the chixrch, we have no doubt that Pope would have invited the new-made knight to his wine cellar, the best loved apartment in his palace ! The joke of Rome was, when Gxegoxy XVI. died — he took with him the. key of . his cellar instead of the key of heaven ! Mr. Jennings' sword and cross axe fionx hot " Giegoxy the Great " but from Gregory the wine bibber and friend ofGaetanina — the Pope's barber's wife? The Rev. Joseph Dowling, pxiest at Albury for some time, was presented by tlxe boys of St. Patxick's school, on the occasion of his leaving the district for Tumut, with a copy of an enlarged edition of " Haydock's Bible," as a testimonial of their respect and confidence. This has struck us as worthy of notice ah the pre sentation of a Bible by boys of a school to a pxiest is something new. Tlxe question occuxs. Why, a Bible? Was it because the boys had been taught to xead it ? We are qixite suxe they were ixot. The Bible, not even the Douay, is xead in St. Patrick's school. Was it that the priest's sermons might be based upon the Bible ? This is a natural infexeixce ; but we are quite suxe that the pxiest's serxnons never axe so based ; for the reading of the Bible, even tlxe Douay, is quite sufficient to act as a ploughshare through all the dogmas and supei-stitions which distinguish the Romish religion. If only the little boys wex'e allowed to read the Bible — even the Douay — and wexe allowed to think of what they read, and test their catechism and chapel service, by Bible teaching— they would speedily discovex that the re- ligioix of the Pope and the religion of Chx'ist axe two vexy different things. But they daxe not. And the pxiest dare not. He is as much boxmd down not to iead, that is, bound not to think or interpret, as the little boys, unless accprding as the church compels, him. We ask them both to try. Let them xead the Bible, by all means. Pxotestants are vexy anxious that Romaxx Catholic 2>riests and boys should read the Bible. Some years ago gentle men in London offered to print at their own cost thousands of Bibles— -the Douay — and to pxesent a copy to every Catholic in England, free, if the priests tootild assist in the distribution ; but the pxiests refused, and declined the ofi'ex, because accordiiig to the 4tlx Rule of the Index, the priests axe pxohibited fxom giving permission to the commoix, people to read the Sciiptures in the vixlgar tongue ! Bxxt it must be noticed that the offer was to distribxxte the Bible — the Douay — without note or com ment ; and it must be marked also that the Bible jxresexxted to the pxiest had both "notes and comments." Our xeaders will scarcely cxedit the atrocity of some of those explanations which are always given cum permissu siijieriomm. Let ixs give two which were quoted in Albury only the other day as illustrative how Romanists would deal with Prbttaut heretics if they had the power. Commenting on the 11th verse of Jude's iBpistle, here is the vile teaching of Romiish doctors — " Heretics follow the way of Cain by murdering the souls of their brethren ; the way of Balaam by putting a scandal before the people of God for their own rewaird; £d the way of Korah by their opposition to the church government of Divine appointment." And then, commenting on Rev. chap, ix., about the star falling from heaven and the locusts arising from the pit/r here is Rpinish charity add wisdom—' ' The star was Luther falling from the church, and the locusts were heretics — extremely hurt ful to mankind I" But the " locusts had hair as the"' hair of wbihen" — this; says the wise Romish doctor, " this, unhappily for the sectaries, betrays too plainly their sensual propensities tpwaids that seXj their shameful doctrine on that score, and the scandalous example of their practice." . . . " It is rare to find a heretic that loves chastity." Bible reading with such notes and atrocious teaching cannot profit. The instances look like the Devil's quota tions of Scriptures — making truth tell lies. The little children in the Romish school at Bungendore have had put into their mouth words to this effect, in their welcome to the Coadjutor Archbishop, "We know the gi-eat interest you take in the educa tion of youth." ' The poor little girls were made to say this, only that their High Priest might have the nail to hang this announcement on, " I do take an interest in it. The future of the colony depends on it. . . . And I promise you, that the highest and most earnest efforts will be elicited, when the proper time comes, for bringing vividly before the colony the priceless interests which are jeopardized by admitting what every sincere and earnest "Catholic must look upon as a godless edu- 'cation. . . The opposition I call un reasoning violence against admitting a leaven of Christian truth into the schools." Thus the Coadjutor spoke, and the little children were supposed to be much delighted with this learned speech. But what did it amorint to 1 Simply to the :announcement of what cannot be designa ted in any other terms than these — the Archbishop deliberately and knowingly deceived them. He said that the educa tion which the country provides for the children in the Public Schools is "godless but this is so totally and plainly false that no man dare say so in any other sense than this, that " godless " means "non-Popish." He also .said that there had been "unreasoning violence against admitting a leaven of Christian truth into the schools." But we repeat that the man is deliberately and wholly dishonest wlio says such a thing, unless he means that the " leaven of Christian truth " is the " dogmas and falsehoods and superstitions of the Romish Church." We say that, imperfect though the books of the Public Schools may be, it is atrocious for any one, unless in the special .sense referred to, to call them " godless." We say that, unless in the sense referred to above, it is grossly untrue that the Public School books are without " the leaven of Christian truth." Of coui'se the little children could not but listen to the speech of their Archbishop as all Gospd, but their parents have no excuse if they ignorantly believe any such false charges. Let them read the Public School books for themselves. Let theni candidly read the Scripture lesson books. Perhaps in the estimation of Dr. Vaughan the Scripture lesson books are the most " godless " of the series. But we are cer tain that candid Roman Catholics will admit that though the books are totally " Maryless," " px- iestless," " Popeless," " Piirgatdryless," and " indulgenceless," they are very far from " Godless." What we want, however, is this, thatProtestants .will read the Public School books, and understand for themselves why it is that Dr. Vaughan makes so frightful and groundless a charge as .that the ooks are " godless." It is very necessary that they should do so, in view of the time when Dr. Vaughan is going very " vividly to bring before the colony " the " priceless interests " which are being ruined thereby. Protestants ought to see that they will be in no position to sti-ip Dr. Vaughan of his high-flown pi-etensions unless they are fur nished J with the proofs that his charge against the Public Schools is totally with out foundation. But they will make plain that bis " vivid " exposition is darkness made visible, if they will discover before hand that the priestly l-aid against the Public chools is not because they give a « godless education " but because they do not give a " holy Mary " one. In our last we promised to notice some of the " Indulgenced prayers " from the little book which hks jii'st been published " permissu superiorum." Father Wood, who publishes a preface, advises, all his readers, to give all the indulgences they gain by the recital of the prayers " to the holy souls in Purgatoiy, aiid they will thus ' fei a most refreshing dew fall upon that place of suferimj." How much does this idea look like a parody upon the Scriptural account of the place of suffering — " Dip the tip of his finger in water to cool my tongue "— " No," says Father Wood, " let a most refreshing dew fall upon that place of suffering." Father Wood adds 'by way of explanation of the " Little Treasury," " It is simply a collec tion of short prayers, to which the church has attacjwd la'ge indulymc in proof of their spiritual value." Now could anything be more abhorrent to the notion of. "prayer" than these statements of the priest 1 God will not let the " dew " fall upon Purgatory — he will not refresh the " holy souls in "that place of suffering," un less the people offer these " short prayers." It is the church,' not God, who has added the " indulgences." Short and all as the prayers are the people would not offer them unless for the indulgences. And the church has added the indulgences to them because of the spiritual value which she is jjleased to assign to them ! The whole thought and reasoning in these statements of the priest directly contradict the very notion of prayer ; such bargaining and purchosing cannot be prayer ; it is impossible that there can be " devotion " amid such mercenarinesS as this,— But let us look at these so-called prayers which the church regards as having a " special value," and which when offered, bi'ing a " refreshing dew to the holy souls in Pur gatory enduring suffering." Some are for the dead — others' for the dying — and the rest are for the living. They are arranged into Rosaries to be said on beads. For example, if the people recite on the i cross the " De profundis," or, for those who are ignorant of this psalm, if they will say " Our Father and Hail Mary," they will get a hundred days indulgence, for them selves, or for their dead friends ! If they recite en the large beads! " O my God, I believe in Thee, because Thou art the truth itself ; I hope in Thee, because Then art infinitely good ; I love Thee with my whole heart, and above all things, because Thou art infinitely perfect, and for the love of Thee I love my neighbour as my self," they will get seven years and two hundred and eighty days every time ! And then, if they will recite on the smaller beads, " Sweet heart of Mary, be my salvation," they will get three hundred days ! And then, if they will repeat all this four decades, they will get " 23,540 days indulgence for saying this Rosaiy." Now, understand that this is published in Sydney, " permissu superiorum," with the sanction of Dr. Folding and Dr. Vauglian, and that it is called "devotion," "prayer," and "prayer of spiritual value to bring dew into Pui-gatoiy," and what, we ask, can sui-pass the proof thnt it gives us of brutal ignorance and Pagan suiJerstition in what is called the " Holy CatWic religion." It is impossible to read this rosary in the light of the New Testament without feel ing that Scriptural prayer and Romish prayer are totally different things. — The capriciousness of these indulgences is a very striking feature. For example, to say " Oui Father and Hail Mary " gets one hundred days indulgence ; but to .say " Sweet heart of Mary, be my. salvation," gets three hundred days indulgence. This looks like a bribe to go deeperin blasphemy. To say " Our Father" is very proper; to say "Hail Maiy" is a silly superatition which is supremely absurd, since Mary is past her salutation ; but to say " Sweet heart of Maiy, be ray salvation," is direct blasphemy ; and yet for saying this blas phemy three hundred days are given, while only one hundred are given for say ing " Our Father !" Then, surely, if a man says " Our Father " intelligently, he most assuredly exjjresses faith in God as " the truth," hope in Him as " infinitely good," and love towards Him as "infinitely pei'fect;" yet, for saying all this in the language which Jesus taught, only one hundred days are given ; but if expressed in the diffuse and verbose sentences which the church prescribes, seven years and two hundred and eighty days are given of in dulgence I The whole thing' is base and disgusting. Yet the repetition of these miserable phrases forty times, will get for the dead in Purgatoiy 23,540 days release from the torturing pains in Purgatory, and a " refreshing dew !" We shall notice others in our next issue. We hope the Mayor of Maitland, and the other Mayor's of townships iii the country who pre.sided at meetings re specting the i-elease "of Gardiner, and especially the Mayor of Sydney, and other gentlemen who took an active part in public agitation on the subject, will duly appreciate the kindness of his Excellency in the estimate which he has formed of their labours. He has a very small idea of their intelligence. He has a smaller one of their justice and humanity. And still less does he consider them competent, on constitutional grounds, to decide the nice question of " punishment to bush rangers who escaped hanging by a mere technicality of law." We suppose that all the Mayors who have been making them- selvesofficious by addressing his Excellency have got a similar quietus to that which was sent to the Mayor of Maitland, We hope that they now "better understand his Excellency's views." We hope that the large bodies of the people who made the Mayors their mouth-piece will also now, ' ' better understand the views of his Excellency." But we question that their better understanding will improve their respect or gratitude. The Governor's minute is a suitable finale to a business which has been bad and discreditable from the beginning. What we now are anxious to know is. What will the Secretary of State say ? The Governor is responsible to Parliament for the insult in his minute, and, doubtless Parliament toill say some thing on the subject, as soon as it meets ; but it is to the Secretary of State that the Governor is responsible for the exercise of the prerogative, and a despatch will un doubtedly soon arrive in reference to the matter. But should the people of New- South Wales wait for the despatch of the Secretary of State 1 Should they sit down quietly under the contemptuous treatment which they have received at the hand of the Representative of the Crown ? Do they admit that they have clamoured, and that their opposition to the release of a murderous villain before one-third of his sentence has been sei-ved, is both " un reasonable and unjust clamour?" We think they will deserve the affront which has been given them if they do not cairy their complaint to the Throne. To Freeman and all his tribe there is something very terrible in the word " Orange." These green people look upon the word as the mad dog does at water, or the mad bull at red. All their evils in this colony they attribute to the "Orange." If some little plot of theirs is exposed — it is by the Orange. If they lose some object for which they have been courting some Minister's lobby — it is the Orange which has disappointed them. If they fail to carry some motion in the Parliament — it is the Orange which has shown its bigotry. If they are beaten in the Municipal Council — of course it is the Orange which has been exerting its wondrous power. And if a bazaar or concert fail, in conse quence of the continued inclemency of the weather — it is still the Orange which has corrupted the clerk who guages the quantity of rain which is to fall on a cer tain day ! We have had a new illustra tion of this ubiquitous end almighty power of the Orange. Mr. Hicks, the Inspector of schools, has, either in himself or in some members of his family, something to do with the Orange. A relative of his got a Bible as a presentation from the Orange people at Balmain ; and that was quite enough to infuse some Orange feeling into the Inspector ; in fact, because " Mr. Hicks, senior," received a Bible, "Mr. Hicks, junior, received the Inspectorship in due course." So Freeman puts it ; and having received such an honour, Mr. Hicks, junior, went forth to distinguish himself against the " enemy about Goul- bum and his fir.st display of zeal and military tactics was in his discovei-y of " Popish head copy lines in the Provisional schools there which has been established by the priest !" This discovery, so pro voking to Priest Dunne, and so unexpected by Freeman, is, of course, put down to the " Orange " influence in Mr. Hicks ? Is not this Svonderful ! What a powerful influence that " Orange " influence must be. If Mr. Hicks, senior, had not received a Bible from the Orangeman, Mr. Hicks, junior, would never have been made In spector, and so Priest Dunne's priestly hypocrisy and treachery in the Provisional school copy books about Goulburn would never have been discovered ! The country therefore will please take note how valu able the Orange influence is. If two or three gentlemen, say Mr. Ruble, of Holy Guild notoriety, and Mr. Thomas Butler, Esquire, or Sir P. A. dennings, were to be full charged with this Orange influence, we have no doubt that they would be able to discover the rich auriferous quartz, which was to pay a rich dividend to all share holders, in the St. Miai-y's gold-field, near Orange, which, strange to say, has never yet been seen by anybody ! We give the hint, because, as St. Mary's Cathedral was to be built of the rich quartz, such a dis covery would save the priests the dis agreeable necessity of hunting after ser vant girls in Protestant families, to get weekly donations of a few shillings out of their weekly wages, to build the Cathedral. But, meanwhile, let us be thankful that "Mr. Hicks is immortalized." Hehas,- shown that Provisional schools in the hands of priests are nothing more than Papist schools. He has shown that priests cannot be honest when they have their church to serve. He has shown 'that priests and holy sisters will .deliberately conspire to tell lies, when the church is to be served. The little game of those very holy sisters was unexpectedly " discovered and, as the fact could not well be denied, although Father Dunne did his best to explain it away, and fine it down to nothing about " Faith being a divine virtue," the plea put in was obviously a false one — "in advertence." The Catechism was taught in those schools by order of the priest', prayers were said according to nile, just shaving' > the law ; books were read at certain times which prove that the law was known but evaded ; and copy lines were being used which " manifested Papist feelings," All this was under a common direction, and, in one case, it was gently objected to by some teaching sister ; but, of course, the scruple of a sister was nothing when the holy Father gave explicit orders ; and yet, when this systematic " irregularity " was pointed out, the excuse was the same in every case — " it was purely an inadvert ence 1" This inadvertence policy is very convenient. It was doing the work of th6 church, and was, therefore, giving great pleasure to Freeman. No wonder, then, that Freeman interprets the anger and disgust of the church at the sudden stoppage of this " Popish teaching at the public expense." Mr. Hicks . is now a marked man. He has given mortal offence. The fool that he was— to stir up the Holy Guild, and incur the displeasure of holy church, by this ungallant raid upon the teaching of those dear creatures — the holy Sisters of St. Joseph 1 The Apostolic character of the Romish religion was finely displayed in the Pope's epistle to Mr. Jennings, on the occasion of . his being knighted with the "Pope's knighthood. The Pope remarked that Mr. Jennings was a "conspicuous Christian," abounding in merit because he was strenuously upholding the Pope's rights, and those of the Holy See, and relieving the shortness of the Holy Father's means by liberality of the highest example. Well, suppose that all this is true, what is the happiness and honor to which the Vicar of God advances this conspicuous Christian ? The happiness of being permitted to "wear an eight-sided gold cross, a red ribbon, and a blessed sword !" Of course the Apostles would have acted thus with so gi-eat a Christian, and Peter or Paul, or both of them, on their " anniversary " would have been especially glorious when saying to their new made knights — " Receive this sword, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, and, so far as human weahiess will permit, may you injure no one with it unjustly !" Mr. Jennings looked marvellously like an Apostolic soldier when he rose from his knees, drew his blessed sword, brandished it over his head, and made three slashes with it — to the east, the north and the west — altogether forgetting the south, as if from that quarter no enemy to his faith or the faith of the church was to be sought or expected ! If our readers will compai'e Dr. Folding's and Pius IX. 's Christian soldier, with Paul's Christian soldier as described in the sixth chapter of Ephesians, 11-18 verses, they will see that Romanism and Christianity are as unlike one another as darkness and light. But vye hope that "human weakness " in Mi. Jennings will always be "weak." It will be a sad thing if he should think himself so strong some day as to draw his sword in " the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost." It will not be very honorable to him if he should not rise far higher than what' Dr. Folding wished, that he might "injure no one unjustly " with it. It will be far better tf he should never injure any one at all — not even those whom Pius and Folding would gladly see crushed- Popery's enemies. Education. — There was a meeting ot clergy, presided over by the Lord Bishop of Sydney, and largely attended, to'conaidier the course to be adopted respecting the Public Schools' Act, and to secure as much religions instruction as practicable in any change which may be inipeiid- ing. Although the professional le.sning to denomination schools was almost uniuiiiiious, the Bishop urged the duty of each clergyman making use of his privilege secured by the; Act 1k> teach the children of his . own denomination in the class-rooms of Publib Schools, warning them, that if this provision were not used, they -would be deprived of it. . The Rev. Dr. Barry testified from his own experience to the ood faith and coniial welcome with which the right -was practically accorded, and the valuable reli- fous instructions which it enabled him to give; He did not think there was any advantage in the Denominational Schools worth contending for ; and if tlicy were, the attempt would _be entirely thrown away. But Dr. Barry's voice -was the only one raised on that side of the question. Appeal.' — Rev. Dr. Barry thankfully acknow ledges the following sums of money towards his Church Extension Fund. — Miss Jenkins, 10s,; J. Johnson, 5s; Edward Lane, 5s; Mr. Stewart, 5s; Mr. Day, l(te;H. V. Evans, 5s; F. McDonald, 7s; J. Deaner, 5s; F. Wieland, 5s; A. Carey, Cb 6d ; T. S. Bulland, 10s ; Henry Connell, 10s; N. Waight, 10s; E. Tighe, 5s; E. Gray, 10s 6d ; John Martin, 5s; Miss Annie McKielly, 5s ; Miss Jane Baxter McKeilly, 5s ; Ephram Bag- jiell, 5b ; A. Hilliard 5s. Dr. Barry will be mudi obliged if any persons who have sent con- tiibntions not acknowledged will at once com municate -with him. He will he much indebted to his friends if they -will try and send in their contributions without unnecessary delay. He cannot believe that joiig the thousands who read the Standard, tlie few who have already -taken notice of his appeal are the tenth part of those who would send five shillings for his church. The Golden , Rose. — The Pope is so dread fully foraaken that he has sent no "Golden Rose" this year. The Golden Rose was always given -tb the most virtuous of the illustrious women in the world. It appears that what with the action of Gennany, the defection of Austria, the expulsion of his agents from Swit- sicrland, the horrible Protestant movements in Mexico, the scorn of Russia, the heresy of Italy, the anarchy of Spain, the defeat of France, &c.;, there does not exist one royal female sufficiently -virtuous in the Pope's sense, to receive -that holy certificate of purity. Alas ! poor Yorick. He must be in a forlorn state. For we know the type of virtue required was low enough. His last was sent to the Queen of Spain — who was the most vb tuous, because she occasionally presontbd a handsome court dress to some iavourite statue'of the Madonna, and imprisoned or banished every Spaniard who dared to difi'er from the Popish religion — .and this was the highest proof of the greatest virtue, although that virtuous Queen had several children, each of them by a different father, and while she was openly separated from her husband. Even so at this day. His Holiness has not one to- day as worthy of the pledge of virtue as she. Doubt- ls that kind of houiicss is the note of the true Church so vaunted in -Bellarmine. The Queanbkyan Age, — The editor of this paper, in his issue of Wednesday last, has done exactly as we expected — played the "TOward" once again, sind, instead of availing himself of he challenge he invited, he has gone off in a perfect grafe of abuse. We are not angry -with him, and -will not consult any " limb of the law ; " nevertheless, not for his sake, but for the sake of others, we shall, in our next, ten derly dispose of bim as evidently a mere weak- iing. A lady the other day gave me an account of » sermon which she heard not long since in St. Augustine, as an example of the coloured preacher's mode of embellishing Scripture history. . The preacher had dwelt awhile on the fall of man, and the act of disobedience by which sin came into the world, and had got as far as the time of Noah. He then said: "De world got to be berry wicked ; de people all bad, and do Lord made up his mind to drown dem. But Noah was a good man who read his Bible, and did jus' as de Lord tole him. And the Lord tole Noah to build a big ark, big enough to hole part of everything alive on the earth. ; And Noah built it. And the Lord call upon every living tirig to come into de ark and be saved. And do birds come flyin' to de ark, .and de big lion, and de cow, and de possum come in, and de horse come trottin' to de ark, and de little worms come in ; hut only de wicked sinner wouldn't come in, and dey laugh at Noah and his big ark. And de rain come down in big spouts, and come up to de doo'-step of de houses, and 'gin to cober de iioo', and den e sinner he skaret, and knock at de doo' of dc ark berry card. And de big lion hear de racket and roar, and de dog bark, and de ox bellow, but Noah keep on reading de Bible. And de Dinner say, Noah, Noah, let us come in.' And Noah say, ' I berry sorry, but I can't let you in, for de lord hab lock de doo' and trow awav de key."- -N. Y. Post. 