fit he Jnqnirq. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1874. Wtsr Australia can never be a great conutry without greiit popula tion, aud tlie process of peopling a country by natural produetiou is at best but a slow one. We have plenty of elbow room, and we ought to liavc immigration. Every new man has not only a chance of improv ing- liis own condition, but of improving tbat of everyone else, be is an instrument of production. He becomes a cousnmer. It is very natural aud pardonable that the workiup; mau sl»ou:d view imported labour with suspicion aud dislike ; but it is a narrow and Eelf-interested view, aud it is based ou erroneous ideas. The working man naturally considers that additions to bis ranks will reduce his share of employment, aud be would be right if the amount of em ploy men t were fixod aud stationary. Hut the effect of immi gration in its general results is to promote the prosperity of a colony ; and if we take for example the case of a building artisan, he might at the first view repel the idea of artisans coming to compete with his labour. But if he is asked t'oe questiou what effect the arrival of a lai-ge nnniber of immigrants wonld produce upon his trade, he must be very dull indeed if he could unt foresee that they would require housing amoug their earlier wants, and that his business must be affected in a highly favorable manner. Similarly with any other business or occupation it is inevitable that a con stant accession of population would prove a stimulus. But one of tbe stubborn, unpleasant facts drilled iuto us by tbe past few }*ears is that the stream of immigra tion has set directly away from onr shores. Our increase of population from outside sources is contemptible. Emigration from Europe is as large us ever, tut America jimi sump oftiit Australian colouies absorb the whole j( the stream ; while our growth mainly depends on the actual increase j( popnlat.iou already in tbe land from the excess of births over deaths. Fhe lesson we iearu from these :ircnmstiinces shonld very materially iffect our national policy. The importance of making onr small population a well-trained, intelligent jne has been recognised in onr jducatioual system. There is no -eason to doubt, as anyone who Lttended the recent school examina tions mast know, that, iutellectually he 6ons of the soil trill be able to lold their own with the strangers vho may rush in sooner or later to ill np tbe West Australian vacuum. I'iie necessity of teaching the growing Cenerations trades is equally apparent! ['he prospect of onr having to import tur skilled workmen generation nfter reueration, while the native lads idle heir time away, or becanse bewe..-s if wood aud drawers of wator, is oue hat we imagine must 'lave often hocked the iar-see:n» among ns. Jareuts know that the education or he workshop is of as much if not nnre vital importance than the dncatiou of the school. So did oar orefathers iu the duys the coudition -f Engiaud more resembled tbe colony han it dues now. Tbe parisl. uthorities saw to it that 110 child fas giowiug up without learning to o eometbiug for doing which eociefy ran Id give it bread, aud it is that nip that waute to be made more ftiversal. Let our Legisbttore also uakto'it. Another lesson jet to be learned by onr legislators is the necessity of stimulating immigration. We cannot import men and women to order, for the simple reason that only pauper immigrants can be so obtained, and such men, as this colony knows to i'.e own cost, are valueless. Experience has taught as that mileeb a man comes of his own free will, prepared to buckle-to and to take the con sequences of his own act, a free man in word aud deed, be is useless. The helpless beggary of the old country is a enrse to it, and carrviug that beggary across the seas does not at all change the character of the curse. It still remains au iucubus. If we are ever to obtain the class of immigrants which tbe colony requires, and who are casting about in England for a new home, the Government must facilitate their transmission. The expense in almost erery instance deters them, for it takes a small fortune to remove a large family to the antipodes. Andas forpanperiinimVrant ships, the rightstampof men and women will never pnt a foot on board them. The more feasible way of attracting these people seems to be to pay to proprietors of ships trading to the colony a bonus upon every passenger they laud — snch a bonus as would at any rate reduce the passage money to the American amount. The emigrants then could be left to use tbeir own discretion, aud embark ia whatever ship pleased tbeai best. Tbe system of a Government going iuto the market, chartering ships, aud forcing people to go into those brauded vessels, and come out under a quasi stigma, is an impolitic one, and foreign to tbe instincts of au honest and sturdy race. The system in colouies where it was adopted is giving up the ghost, and we should protest against auy revival of the scheme ou the same basis in con nection with this colony. But there is every reason why the Government should do better. We should pro test agaitisr the Government starting, siy, a sugar manufactory or a woollen works, but we still urge them to stimulate private enterprize iu this or any other laudable direction ; aud there are the same economical reasons for applyiug tbe like rule to immi gration, aud the still more important moral ones already indicated. A correspondent has reminded ns of the sum voted by the Legislative Council on account of tbe Volunteers, the vote for this year having been augmented with tbe view of defraying the expenses of a few dnj's' encampmeut. As yet we hare not heard that a single step has been taken to carry out this projected idea — by no means a novelty iu Volunteer annals. The chief object to be obtained hy such military demon strations is the cultivation of the soldier iu his bnsiness ; and his real business consists iu something more than making bullseyes iu a target — desirable and essential as that tuny be — aud airing his uniform at monthly parades. It is time that the pnblic should Lave some reassuring evidence that our citizen soldiers' sense of discipline and e*prit de corps is not sipp.-d by the cq^-tjrmiuing luxuries oF civil life. Designed as a defensive force, aud supported by th e State at a considerable expenditure, the one object which the authorities may legitimately hold iu view is the condition of the Volunteer force, apart from local considerations. No one asserts that the volunteers should be treated as regular troops, bnt some discipline there must be, some effective coutrol must be exercised. Tbe force nannofc be allowed -to get iuto a chaotic state — to fall iuto a state of dilapidation because it is a volunteer force. If the volunteers are to be respected and to occupy their proper position in the opiuiou of tbe country, the force rnuiit be kept on 2 respectable footing, aud uot only must there be proper discipline auioug them, but the public must be satisfied that snch is the case. Nothing would tend more to establish the fact, or dispel the allusion, than an annual encamp ment or a campaign extending over a few days, afford aiq as it would do equal opportunities for instruction and practice, and contributing as much as anything to the popularity and the real efficiency of the volunteers. As at Wiaililedou and other en campments, rifle shooting wonld ot' coarse be a prominent feature iu any such a gathering of our own volun teers. Aud the instruction the men would receive in that part of their military education would be valuable 110 doubt. Bnt more important than this is the fact that such demonstra tions popularise the force iu the best sense of the term. Tlicy educate the people into a knowledge that the corps is a reality, and do muclt to win that confidence aud character without which it would speedily fulfil the predictions of its - ojipouei.ts, and become a sham. There are alwiys elements of decay iu a volunteer Coire, aud tbe salts that keep it. sound are a generous sympathy aud a hearty public appreciation, and to win these is one great object tlie leaders of the movement have ever to keep in view. Our volunteers, we believe, have all the enthusiasm and intelligence their work reqnires, uor are their nnmbcrs materially deficient, but their organ isation possibly admits of many aud important improvements. An annual campaign, such as we advocate, aud such as was contemplated by the Legislature when it increased the gmut-iu-aid to volunteers from £300 to £500, would have a special value in the attainment of that end. The rifle competitions which tbe move ment has encouraged bave made the force excellent marksmen, and tbe same system might be extended ro drill. In each company a prize shonld be given to the best drilled squad, aud a prize mi^ht be offered for the l-est drilled company, who should compete togeliier * iu public at Ihe auuual encampment. The plan might soon become immensely popukir, for a prettier sight than such .compviitions could st-arcely be witnessed ; and the companies would be iuciteJ t-i do their best all the year round, '-y the hope of carrying off the p;t!ai in presence of the assetubled sjvectatorE during die «nmp:u'g». Tuc lbroiatiou of corps d'elitc Las been couilemaed, occanse they rob the other portions of the service ; bu£:t ' pride oi place ' might be well established, to l-« v.ou by competition. At all events it i-i by systematical iy and coutiunaliy brjfig ii,g tbe volunteers iuto daylignji in teat manner that the public can be Apgt '' . . ...-. .„ . %L&m;, readily be ind need to believe in the men, ?ud tbe men can be taught to believe in themselves, and to acquire what they most necessarily - most want, namely, tkat indefinable something known as esprit de corps. What, then, about this volunteer encampment ? Who will move in die matter ? If we are to h.ire it at all, there is no time to be Inst. It would be absurd to hold such a campaign in winter, or during tbe rainy season. We do not mean to insinuate that onr volunteers are merely fine weather soldiers. Some of the ' hot young bloods' of the corps wonld probably delight in passing the dreary honrs of a rainy night, watching the splatter ing embers of tbeir camp fire, striving to keep a little beat in their shivering bodies by alternately roasting ' front and rear,' and looking for all tlie world in the morning as limp as a badly- done piece of toast. Tbe dullest of stories told by the lurid light of the camp-fire finds willing listeners, aud the *' battle-axe ' never tastes so sweet as when the pannikin passed round from hand to band, reflects the ruddy light. Yet, after all, it is doubtful whether all the engagements of a night so passed are not dearly purchased at the price of a severe attack of rheumatism, or a cold in the bead that sticks as pertina ciously as a limpet to a rock. Reason therefore justifies the holding of a volunteer encampment before winter sets in, and we hope that no time will be lost before some steps are taken by the authorities to interfere iu the matter. We are glad to find a contemporary endorsing our opinions, oft-expressed, of the desirability of affording native prisoners tried iu our courts of justice the eame advautages as are possessed by the white mau. That this is not at the present ca-se, no one who is in the habit of atteudiug these criminal sittings of the Supreme Court can scarcely have avoided noticing. A white prisoner, even if he bas no conusel — and it is often most unfortunate for the ends of justice that they have no counsel — has been in tbe habit of reading acconuts of trials, has very probably been accnston.ed to attend courts of jastice, perhaps as a witness, a juror, or spectator, or, it may be, as prose cutor, or even as defendant, or iu fact, ih all these capacities. He therefore has some knowledge of the nature of the proceedings against him, is expert at cross- examining a witness, is aware what points it is essential for him to bring prominently forward, and is possessed of a sufficient perception of human nature to enable him to lay any redeeming circumstances iu their most favorable light before the jury. These gentlemen, too, with every desire to be impartial and just, wculd naturally lean, if the evidence tbns skilfully produced would possibiy Admit, in favor of a person sneaking tbe same langnage .as themselves, perhaps moving in tbe same l-ink of life, and probably an acqoaintance, while on the other hand, they would be influenced by no such consideration in favor of a native, bound iu them by no ties of language, identity of occupation, or position, or by personal companionship or friendship, Laiionr iug under these disadvantages t'ie black prisoner tbe more needs connsel in bis defence than the white criminal. Any infliction of capital punishment npon au aboriginal native w!;o has not been defended by a paid and duly qualified agent involves great respon sibility on the part of the Executive. As to t!ie difficulty of interpreting, this might be overcome by having an one recognised official interpreting for all the natives is as bad as would be tlie procuring the services of a man who spoke French only, to interpret for all foreigneis, were tfcey German, Spaniard, Swede, or Russian. It is fair that the native, especially bim whose life is in danger, aud who is not represeuted by counsel acquainted with all the circumstances surround ing the case, should perfectly under stand wLat is passing iu Court, and that the interpreter should be per fectly able readily to translate any question he may pnt, or observation he may make. We may also remark that no native witness should be allowed to gite evidence iu English ; he should give it through the inter preter a!--iie, aud tbe questions of the Crown Solicitor should be translated iuto the dialect of the witness by the interpreter. The natives are proud of their abilities, and are fond of dis playing them. Parrot-like they will rej-eat the questions of tbe prosecuting counsel, assenting without thought aud without knowledge of the mean ing of his words, their attention being solely engrossed with the English they are speakiug after him. 