MR. GLADSTONE ON RITUALISM. MK. Gladstone has written an article for the Con temporary Jteview, which serves both to explain his oonosition to Archbishop Tait's bill for thc regulation i of public worship, and to furnish an intelligible explanation ot' what "ritualism" is, and the grounds of tho controversy about it. The late Premier has been charged with lukewarmness, and even with a biaB worso than lukewarmness, in the cause of Protestanisni, by those who are always ready to raise the cry of danger to the reformation. But in this article he expresses such views as most Protestants of the Ohuroh of England, endowed with strong common sense and good taste, may be supposed to entertain on this question. In the introductory part, ho says, " Ritualism shortly meaus an undue disposition to ritual. Kitual itself is founded on tho apos tolic precept-' Let all things be done deoently and in _ order'-in right graoeful or becoming figure, and by fore-ordained arrangement (1 Cor, : xiv., 40). The exterior modes of divine service are thus laid down as a distinct and proper subject for the consideration of Christians." Ho shows that "ritual," in the widest seiiBe. of the term, is not limited to religion, but belongs to every depart ment of human action "The mar riage of tho outward and the inward pervades the universe. Applied to the cirolo of civilised life, tho prin ciple which gives us ritual in religion gives us the ceremonial of courts, the costume of judges, tho uniform of regiments, all tho language of her aldry and symbol, all tho hierarchy of rank and titles ; and, which, des cending through all classes, presents itself in the badges and the bands of Foresters and benefit societies." Mr. Gladstone does not Jay down any exact une ue yond which tho use of ritual should not pass ; but he argues with much force against clerical arrogance on the one hand, and unreasonable clamour on the other. What h» chiefly insists upon is a practical consideration of the real good of the Church on the part both of clergymen and congregations. He conoludes thus : " And now for my last word ; I will appeal to high authority. In the 14th chapter of St. Paul's First Epistle to tho Corinthians, may be found what I would call the code of the New Testament upon ritual. The rules laid down by the apostle, to determine the com parative value of thc gifts then so common in the Church, will be found to contain the principles appli cable to tho regulation of divine service; and it is touching to observe that they aro immediately sub joined to that noble and wonderful eiEusiou describing ' charity,' with whioh no ethical eloquence of Greeco or liome can suitably compare. The highest end in tho apostle's mind seems to be (verso 5) 'that the Church should receive edifying.' At pre séut there scorns to bo a disposition to treat a hand ful of men as scapegoats ; and my fear is, not only that they may suffer injustice, but lest tar wider evils than any within their power to cause or euro should creep onwards unobserved. As rank bigotry and, what is far worse, base egotistic selfishness may find their gain, at moments h ka those, in swelling the cry of Protestantism, so much of no less rank worldliness may lurk in the fashionable tendency, not only to excessive, but even to moderate ritual. The bost touchstone for dividing what is wrong and defining what is right in tho exterior apparel of divino service, will be found in tho holy desire and authoritative demand of the apostle, ' that the Church may receive edifying,'rather than in abstract imagery or perfection on tho ono hand, or narrow traditional prejudice on tho other." The foundation-stone of an audition to the Baptist Churoh, in Harris-street, Ultimo, was laid on Saturday afternoon. Tho proceedings oommencod with a hymn anti prayer. During tho courso of an ad dress, Mr, Joseph Palmor said that hu had to mention that the total cost ol' thu work which was now con templated, including enlarged vestries and tho re soating of thu cha;id, would ho £001). Towards this they hud already received c.ish and promises l'or be twoon £300 nml £-11)1). Tho ' lirst contract had boen accepted for tho simple enlargement of tho chapel for £390, and they svottlii have thu other work done as soon as they saw their way clear. Tho contemplated addition at tho io.ir of tho building wan 2-1 lout in length. The following was thou reml and cuclosi'd in tho cavity of tho stone: " Harris street liuptiat Church. To God in Christ, Father, fcion, ami Holy Ghost (with grateful acknowledgments for post help and humillo trust ill Him fur futuro lilcssinjjs), tins stone is laid this 2Ut day of November, 107-1, by Allan Walter Webb. This act publicly inaugurates tho work of enlarging this placo of worship by tho addition of 24 foot to itu lung th and the erection of more commodious vestrice, Tho oilicers of tho church for tho timo hoing aro the Hov. Allan W. Webb, pastor ; Messrs. Thomas Jones, Thomas Palmor, Robert Bubb, Josoph Palmer and Samuel Barton, deacons." After tho laying of th, stone, some addresses wcro given. 