The Rose of Tuolumne. A STORY OF CALIFORNIA LIFE, (FROM THE "NEW YORK TRIBUNE.") CHAPTER 1. BY BRET HARTE. IT was nearly 2 o'clock in the morning. The lights were out in Robinson's Hall, where there had been dancing and revelry, and the moon, rising high, painted the black windows with silver. The cavalcade that an hour ago had shocked the sedate pines with song and laughter was all dispersed. One enamoured swain had ridden east, another west, another north, another south, and the object of their adoration, left within her bower at Chemisal Ridge, was calmly going to bed. I regret that I am not able to indicate the exact stage of that process. Two chairs were already filled with delicate enwrappings and white confusion, and the young lady herself, half hidden in the sikly threads of her yellow hair, had at one time borne a faint resemblance to a partly-husked ear of Indian corn. But she was now clothed in that one long, formless gar ment that makes all women equal, and the round shoulders and neat waist that an hour ago had been so fatal to the peace of mind of Four Forks had utterly disappeared. The face above it was very pretty ; the foot below, albeit shapely, was not small. "The flowers, as a general thing, don't raise their heads much to look after me," she had said, with superb frankness, to one of her lovers. The expression of " The Rose" to-night was contentedly placid. She walked slowly to the window, and making the smallest jxissible peep hole through the curtain, looked out. The motionless figure of a horseman still lingered on the road, with an excesa of devotion that only a coquette or a woman veiy much in love could tolerate. " The Rose" at that moment was neither, and after a reasonable pause turned away, saying, quite audibly, that it was " too ridiculous for auything." As she came back to her drissing table it was noticeable that she walked steadily and erect, without that slight affectation of lameness common to people with whom bare feet , are only an episode. Indeed, it was only four years ago that, without shoes or stockings, a long limbed, colty girl, in a waistless calico gown, she had leaped from the tail-board of her father's emigrant waggon, when it first drew up at Chemisal Ridge. Certain wild habits of the Rose had outlived transplanting and cultivation. A knock at the door surprised her. In another moment she had leaped into bed, and, with darkly frowning eyes, from its secure recesses, de manded " Who's there ?" An apologetic murmur on the other side of the door was the response. " Why—father—is that you ?" There were further murmurs, affirmative, de precatory, aud persistent " Wait," said the Rose. She got up, unlocked the door, leaped nimbly into bed again, and said, "Come." The door opened timidly. The broad, stoop ing shoulders and grizzled head of a man past the middle age appeared; after a moment's hesi tation a pair of large diffident feet shod in canvas slippers concluded to follow. When the appa rition was complete it dosed the door softly, and stood there—a very sly ghost indeed with appa rently more than the usual spiritual indisposition to begin a conversation. The Rose resented thai impatiently, though I fear not altogether in telligibly. " Do, father, I declare !" " You was abed, Jinny ?" said Mr. M'Closky, slowly, glancing with a singular mixture of .masculine awe and paternal pride upon the two chairs and their contents. " You was abed and ondreesed ?" " I was." "Surely," said Mr. M'Closky, seating himself on the extreme edge of the bed, and painfully tucking his feet away under it, " surely." After a pause he rubbed a short, thick, stumpy beard, that bore a general resemblance to a badly-worn blacking-brush, with the palm of his hand, and went on—" You had a (rood time, Jinny ?" "Yes, father." J "They was all there?" "Yes, Ranee and York, and Ryder and Jack." "And Jack!" Mr. M'Closky endeavored to throw an expression of arch enquiry into his small, tremulous eyes, but meeting the unabashed, widely-opened lids of his daughter, he winked rapidly and blushed to the roots of his hair. " Yes, Jack was there," said Jenny, without change of color or the least self-consciousness in her great gray eyes, "and he came home with me." She paused a moment, locking her two hands under her head, and assuming a more comfortable position on the pillow. "He asked me that same question again, father, and I said ' Yes.' It's to be—soon. We're going to live at Four Forks, in his own house, and next winter we're going to Sacramento. I suppose it's all right, father, eh ?" She emphasised the question with a slight kick through the bed-clothes, as the parental M'Closky had fallen into an abstract reverie. " Yes, surely," said Mr. M'Closky, recovering himself with some confusion. After a pause he looked down at the bed-clothes, and, patting them tenderly, continued : " You couldn t have done better, Jinny. They isn't a girl in Tuo lumne ez could strike it as rich ez you hey even if they got the chance." He paused again, and then said, " Jinny." "Yes, father." , " You'se in bed, and ondressed." "Yes." " You couldn't," said Mr. M'Closky, glancing hopelessly at the two chairs, and slowly rubbing his chin, " you couldn't drees yourself again— could yer ?" " Why, father ?" "—Kinder get yourself into them things agin ?" he added, hastily. "Not all of 'em, you know, but some of 'em. Not if I helped you ? —-sorter stood by, and lent a hand now and then with a strap, or a buckle, or a neck-tie, or a shoe string,"^ he continued, still looking at the chairs, and evidently trying to boldly familiarise him self with their contents. "Are you crazy, father?" demanded Jenny, suddenly sitting up, with a portentous switch of her yellow mane. Mr. M'Closky rubbed one side of his beard, which already had the appear ance of having been quite worn away by that process, and faintly doged the question. " Jinny," he said, tenderly stroking the bed clothes as he spoke, "this yer'a what's the matter. Thar is a stranger down stairs—a stranger to you, lovey, but a manez I've knowed a long time. He's been here about an how, and he'll be here ontil fower o'clock, when the up stage passes. Now, I wants ye, Jinny dear, to get up and come down stairs and kinder help me pass the time with him. It's no use, Jinny," he went on, gently raising his hand to deprecate any interruption, " it's no use—he won't go to bed ! He won't play keerds ; whisky don't take on effect en him. Ever since I knowed him he was the most onsatisfactory critter to hey round " "What do you have him round for, then ?" interrupted Miss Jenny, sharply. Mr. M'Closky's eyes felL "If he hedn't kern out of his way to-night to do me a good turn, I wouldn't ask ye, Jinny. I wouldn't, so help me ! But I thought ez I couldn't do anything with him, you might come down and sorter fetch him, Jinny, as you did the others." Miss Jenny shrugged her pretty shoulders. " Is he old or young ?" " He's young enough, Jinny, but he knows a power of things." " What does he do ?" " Not much, I reckon. He's got money in the mill at Four Forks. He travels round a good deal. I've heard, Jinny, that he's a poet—writes them rhymes, you know." Mr. M'Cloeky here appealed subraissivelybut directly to his daughter. He remembered that she had frequently been in receipt of printed elegiac couplets known as " mottoes," containing inclosures equally saccha rine. Miss Jenny slightly curled her pretty lip. She had that fine contempt for the allusions of fancy which belongs to the perfectly healthy young animal. " Not," continued Mr. M'Closky, rubbing his head reflectively, "not ez I advise ye, Jenny, to say anything to him about peotry. It ain't twenty minutes ago ez I did. I set the whisky afore him in the parlor. I wound up the music box and set it gain. Then I sez to him, sociable like and free, 'Jeat consider yourself in your own house, and repeat what you allow to be your finest production,' and he raged. That man, Jinny, jest raged. Thar's no end of the names he called me. You see, Jinny," con tinued Mr. M'Closky, apologetically, " he's known me a long time." But his daughter had already dismissed the question with her usual directions. "I'll be down in a few- moments, father," she said, after a pause, " but don't say anything to him about it-nlon't I was abed." Mr. M'Closky's face beamed. " You was allers a good girl, Jinny," he said, dropping on one knee the better to impart a respectful kiss on _ her forehead ; but Jenny caught him by the wrists, and for a moment held him captive. , " Father," said she, trying to fix his shy eyes with the clear, steady glance of her own, "all the girls that were there to-night had some one with them. Maine Robinson had her aunt, Lucy Ranee had her mother, Kate Pierson had her sister—all except me had some other woman. Father dear," her lip trembled just a little, " I wish mother hadn't died when I was bo small. I wiah_ there was some other woman in the family "besides me. I ain't lonely with you, father, dear ; but if there was only some one, you know, when the time comes for John and me." Her voice here suddenly gave out, but not her brave eyes, that were still fixed earnestly upon his face. Mr. M'Closky apparently tracing out a pattern on the bed quilt, essayed words of comfort "There ain't one of them gals ez you've named, Jenny, ez could do what you've done, with a whole Noah's Ark of relations at their backs ! There ain't one ez wouldn't sacrifice her nearest relation to make the strike that you hey. Ez to mothers, maybe, my dear, you're doin' better without one" He rose suddenly and walked towards the door. When he reached it he turned, and, in his old deprecating manner, said, "Don't be long, Jinny," smiled and vanished from the head downward, his canvas clippers asserting themselves to the last. When Mr. M'Closky reached his parlor again his troublesome guest was not there. The de canter stood on the table untouched, three or four books lay upon the floor, a number of pho tographic views of the Sierras were scattered over the sofa : two sofa pillows, a newspaper, and a Mexican blanket lay on the carpet m if the late occupant of the room had triel to read in a recumbent position. A Freuch window, owning upon a verandah, which never before in the history of the house had been unfastend, now betrayed by it? waving lace curtain the way that the fugitive had escaped. Mr. M'Closky heaved a *igh of despair; he looked at the gorgeous carpet purchased in Sacramento at a fabulous price, at the crimson satin and rosewood furniture unparalleled in the history of Tuo lumne, at the massively framed pictures on the walls, and looked beyond it, through the open window to the reckless man who, fleeing these sybarite allurements, was smoking a cigar upon the moonlit road. This room, which, had so often awed the youth of Tuolumne into filial respect, was evidently a failure. It remained to be seen if the Rose herself had lost her fragrance. " I reckon Jinny will fetch him yet," said Mr. M'Closky, with parental faith. He stepped from the window upon the verandah. But he had scarcely done this before his figure waa detected by the stranger, who at once crossed the road. When within a few feet of M'Closky he stopped. " You persistent old plantigrade," he said, in a low voice, audible only to the person addressed, and a face full of affected anxiety, ** why don't you go to bed ? Didn't I tell you to go and leave me here alone T In the name of all that*s idiotic and imbecile, why do you continue to shuffle about here T Or are you trying to drive me crazy with your presence, as you have with thai wretched music box that I've just dropped under yonder tree ? It's an hoar and a half yet before the stage passes; do you think, do you imagine for a single moment, that I can tolerate you until then—eh ♦ Why don't you speak f Are you asleep ? You don't mean to say that you have the audacity to add somnambulism to your other weaknesses ; you're not low enough to repeat yourself under any such weak pretext as that— eh?" A fit of nervous coughing ended this extra ordinary exordium, and half-sitting, half-leaning against the verandah, Mr. M'Closky's guest turned his face, and part of a slight, elegant figure towards his host The lower portion of this upturned face wore an habitual expression of fastidious discontent, with an occasional line of physical suffering. But the brow above was frank and critical, and a pair of dark mirthful eyes sat in playful judgment over the super sensitive mouth and its suggestion. " I allowed to go to bed, Ridgeway," said Mr. M'Closky, meekly, " but my girl Jinny'y jistgot back from a little tear up at Robinson's, and ain't inclined to turn in yet You know what girls is. So I thought we three would jist have a social chat together to pass away the time." " You mendacious old hypocrite; she got back an hour ago," said Ridgeway, " as that savage looking escort of hers, who has been haunting the house ever since, can testify. My belief is, that like an enterprising idiot as you are, you've dragged that girl put of her bed that we might mutually bore each other." Mr. M'Closky was too much stunned by this evidence of Ridgeway'B apparently superhuman penetration to reply. After enjoying his host's confusion for a moment with his eyes, Ridge way's mouth asked grimly: " And who is this girl, anyway f" " Nancy's." "Your wife's?" " Yes; but look yar, Ridgeway," said M'Closky, laying one hand imploringly on Ridgeway'B 6leeve, " not a word about her to Jinny. She thinks her mother's dead—died in Missouri. Eh !" Ridgeway nearly rolled from the verandah in an excess of rage. "Good God ! Do youmean to say that you have been concealing from her a fact that any day, any moment, may come to her ears ? That you've been letting her grow up in ignorance of something that by this time she might have outgrown and forgotten ? That you have been, like a besotted old ass, all these years slowly forging a thunderbolt that any one may crush her with ? That"—but here Ridgeway'B cough took possession of his voice, and even put a moisture into his dark eyes, as he looked at M'Closky's aimless hand feebly employed upon his beard. "But," «aid M'Closky, "look how she's done. Shejs held her head as high as any of 'em. She'B to be married in a month to the richest man in the country, and," he added, cunningly, " Jack Ashe ain't the kind o' man to sit by and hear anything said of his wife or her relations, you bet But hush—that's her foot on the stairs. She's cummin." She came. I don't think the French window ever held a finer view than when she put aside the curtains and stepped out She had dressed herself simply and hurridly, but with a woman's knowledge of her best points, so that you get the long curves of her shapely limbs, the shorter curves of her round waist and shoulders, the long sweep of her yellow braids, the light of her blue eyes, and even the delicate rose of her com plexion, without knowing how it was delivered to you. The introduction by Mr. M'Closky was brief. When Ridgeway had got over the fact that it was 2 o'clock in the morning, and that the cheek of this Tuolumne goddess nearest him was as dewy and fresh as an infant's—that she looked like Marguerite, without probably ever having heard of Goethe's heroine, he talked, I dare say, very sensibly. When Miss Jenny, who from her childhood had been brought up among the sons of Anak, and who was accustomed to have the supremacy of our noble sex presented to her as a physical fact, found herself in the presence of a new and strange power in the slight and elegant figure beside her, she was at first frightened and cold. But finding that this power, against which the weapons of her own physical charms were of no avail, was a kindly one, albeit, generally, Bhe fell to worshipping it, after the fashion of woman, and casting before it the fetiches and other idols of her youth. She even confessed to it So that, in half an hour, Ridge way was in possession of all the facts connected with her life, aud a great many, I fear, of her fancies—except one. When Mr. M'CJosky found the young people thus amicably disposed, he calmly went to sleep. It was a pleasant time to each. To Miss Jenny it had the charm of novelty, and she abandoned herself to it for that reason much more freely and innocently than her companion, who knew something more of the inevitable logic of the position. Ido not think, however, he had any intention of love-making. I do not think he was at all conscious of being in the attitude. lam quite positive he would have shrunk from the suggestion of disloyalty to the one woman whom he admitted to himself he loved. But, like most poets, he was much more true to an idea than a fact, and, having a very lofty conception of woinanhootl, with a very sanguine nature, he saw in each new face the possibilities of a realisa tion of hjs ideaL It was, perhaps, an unfor tunate thing for the women, particularly as he brought to each trial a surprising freahnesa which was very deceptive, and quite distinct from the blase familiarity of the man of gal lantry. It was thia perennial virginity of the affections that most endeared him to the best women, who were prone to exercise towards him a chivalrous protection—as of one likely to go astray unless looked after—and indulged in the dangerous combination of sentiment with the highest maternal instincts. It was this quality which caused Jenny to recognise in him a certain boyishness that required her womaly care, and even induced her to offer to accompany him to the cross roads when the time of his departure arrived. With her superior knowledge of wood craft and the locality she would have kept him from being lost. I wot not but that she would have protected him from bears or wolves, but chiefly, I think, from the feline fascinations of Mame Robinson and Lucy Ranee, who might be lying in wait for this tender young poet. Nor did she cease to be thankful that Providence had, so to speak, delivered him as a trust iuto her hands. It was a lovely night The moon swung low and languished -softly on the snowy ridge beyond. There were quaint odours in the still air, and a strange inceuse from the woods jterfumed their young blood, and seemed to swoon in their pulses. Small wonder that they lingered on the white road, that their feet climbed unwillingly the little hill where they were to i»rt, and that when they at last reached it, eveu the saviug grace of speech seemed to have forsaken them. For there they stood alone. There was no sound nor motion in earth, nor woods, nor heaven. They might have been the one man and woman ff»r whom th» goodly earth that lay at their feet, rimmed with the deepest azure, wan created. And seeing this, they turned toward «»ach other with a sudden instinct, and their hands met, hiul then their lips, in one long kiss. And then out of the mysterious distance came the sound of voices and the sharp clatter of hoofn and wheels, aud Jenny slid away—a white moon beam—from the hill. For a moment she glim mered through the treed, and then, reaching the house, passed her sleeping father on the verandah, and, darting into her bedroom, locked the door, threw open the window, and falling on her knees beside it, leaned her hot cheeks upon her hands, and listened. In a few moments she was rewarded by the sharp clatter of hoofs on the stony road, but jt was only a horseman, whoae dark figure was swiftly lost in the shadows of the lower road. At another time she might liave recognised the man, but her eyes and ears were now all intent on something else. It came pre sently with dancing lights, a musical rattle of harness, a cadence of hoof-beats, that Bet her heart to beating in unison, and was gone. A sudden sense of loneliness came over her, and tears gathered in her sweet eyes. She arose aud looked around her. There was the little bed, the dressing-table, the roses that she had worn last night, still fresh and blooming in the little vase. Everything was there, but everything looked strange; the roses should have boen withered, for the party seemed bo long ago ; she could hardly remember when she had worn this dress that lay upon the chair So she ?""•£? *,*• wWlwr "^ -«k^owii betid* it» with her cheek, a trifle paler, leaning on bar hand and her long braid* reaching to the floor. The stars paled slowhr, like her cheek, yet with eye. that saw not, the still looked from her window for the coming dawn. It came with violet deepening into purple, with purple flushing into row, with rose shinm* into silver, and glowing into gold. The rtrajT gling line of black picket-fence below, that faded away with the atari, came back with the ami. What was the object moving by the fence f Jenny raised her head and looked intently It In * «nd«v«™g tocUmb the picketa, and falling backward with each attempt Suddenly .he started to her feet, a. if the ray flushes £ the dawn had crimsoned her from forehead to shoulders; then she stood white as the wall with her hands clasped upon her bo«om. Then with a single bound she reached the door and with flying braids and fluttering skirt*, sprang down the stairs and out into the garden watt; When within a few feet of the fenoe she uttered a cry—the first she had given—the cry of * mother over a stricken babe, of a tigress over her mangled cub, and in another niomerft ah* had leai>ed the fence and knelt beside Kidgeway, with his fainting head upon her breast. "My boy—my poor, poor boy ! who has done this? Who indeed ? His clothes were covered with dust, his waistcoat was torn open, and his hand kerchief, wet with the blood it could not stanch. fell from a cruel stab beneath his shoulder. " Ridgeway !— my poor boy—tell me what htt happened. Kidgeway slowly opened his heavy blue-veined lids, and gazed upon her. Presently a gleam of mischief came into his dark eyes, a smile stole over his lips, as he whispered slowly : " It—was—your kiss—did it—Jenny, dear f I had forgotten—how high-priced—the article was here. Never mind Jenny!"—he feebly raised her hand to his white lips—" it was—worth it,' 1 and fainted away. Jenny started to her feet, and looked wildly around her. Then with a sudden resolution. she stooped over the insensible man, and with one strong effort lifted him in her arms as if ha had been a child. When her father, a moment latter, rubbed his eyes and awoke from bis sleep upon the verandah, it was to see a goddess erect | and triumphant, striding towards the house with the helpless body of a man lying across that breast where man had never lain lxjfore—• goddess at whose imperious mandate he aroa* and cast open the doors before her. And then when she had laid her unconscious burden on th* sofa, the goddess fled, and a woman, helpless and trembling stood before him—a woman that cried out that she had " killed him "—that she was " wicked ! wicked !" and that, even saying so, staggered and fell beside her late burden. And all that Mr. M'Closky could do was to feebly nib his beard, and say to himself, vaguely and In coherently, that " Jenny had fetched him." Napoleoj* the Third's Boyhood.—l was sit ing on an autumn day, looking out from a room under Prince Louis' windows, cooling my thint with a famous bunch of the Foutainebleau grapes that are still tenderly cultivated in th* Arenenberg conservatories, when I entered into conversation with Fritz Riokenbach, the servant of Queen Hortenae, who remained at the Arenan berg from the time of its purohase, till after tfc* Queen's death, when he became valet de place to Prince Louis, and was discharged only after th* Prince was a prisoner at Ham. " I remember Prince Louis from his early boyhood." be said. "He was about my age. After the Quaeo bought the chateau I was employed as a boy, to carry earth in a hod for this plateau (the garden under the talon windows). I tilted the earth out of the hod over my shoulders. This used to amuse Prince Louis ; and once or twice, when I was about to cast my load, he pushed me so that I rolled over with it. After one heavy tumbl* I cried, and this brought the Prince to me at once, with that kindness ha always had for us. ' Attend* I attends,' he called to me in a caressing tone, ' and I will fetch you a good lump o? bread.' You may imagine that my tears war* soon dried when he came running out of tha> house with it Another day—it was years afttr —I saw him having a talk from his window witb some poor man who had strayed in from the high road. Presently, for I watched, I saw bttß quietly drop a pair of boot* out to the man, and afterwards a waistcoat. He was always lika that" Another informant on the spot described to me the Prince returning home one afternoon on horseback in his shirt sleeves ; he had given, his coat to a man in rags whom he had mat om the highway.— The Life of Napoleon 111. By Blancluxrd Jerreld. The THiRSTr Desert.—The road we were fol lowing was broad and well-beaten. It wm » regular caravan route, and bore many marks of the passage of the Grand Duke Nicholas; amongst the rest were prominent the bodies of dead camels that had fallen by the wayside from exhaustion. An hour's gallop brought us up to my caravan, which was plodding lazily along. It had been augmented by the addition of two horses and a Kirghiz carrier, with the mail which Captain Hiezing had entrusted to my care. Now we enter for the first time that part of the desert which offers the greatest danger to the traveller, and surrounds him with the greatest horrors. The friendly rivers and the frequent wells and pools of water have been left behind. Yet the face of the country is fair. Gentle ele vations roll off in every direction, covered with masses of verdure of a dark rich green, that rival in exuberance the luxuriant carpet of an Ameri can prairie ; and the sun, shining down from an unclouded aky, turns the spots of yellow sand, seen here and there, into patches of glorious golden light But all this beauty is deceptive. These gentle Mils are only sand, and the verdure which clothes them hides horrors an great aa those covered by the roses that twine themselves over sepulchres. Blossoms shoot up, ripen, die, and rot in the course of a few days. The verdnr* consists of but a rank soft weed that breaks out into an eruptive kind of flower, which, dropping off at the slightest touch, emit* a most offensive odour. Beneath the broad leaves lurk scorpions, tarantulas, immense lizards, often five or six feet long, turtles and serpents, and the putrifying bodies of dead camels. Once lost in this desert ocean, without guide or water, you may wander f ?rdays, until you and your horse siuk exhausted to die of thirst, with the noxious weed for bad, winding-sheet, and grave.—" Campaigning o» the Oxut, and the Pall of Khiva, by j. A. MacUaJian. Fltinq Men.—ln default of the stirring events of some former yean, we have had to take up with the appearance of the comet and the fall of the flying man. Eight hundred years back, so constant is precedent in our land, a comet and a flying man were brought into clone connection with each other; though", as hiatory never exactly repeat* itself, there were some dili'erenoui of detail in the two stories. The flying nmn of that day wax a monk of Malmesbury, -Etkelniaer by name, who studied the story of D;c<lalus till he took it into his head to rival him. He fastened wings to bin handa an 1 feet, and took flight from the top of a tower. For the space of • furlong, if anybody chooses to believe it, he flew merrily ; but then a strong wind blew him to the ground, and he broke both hi* leg*. Thix wax Lii his youth ; in bin old Age he lived to ace the comet of 1066, which wan held to foretell the Conquest of Kngland, and he greeted its coming with a prediction of evil, in which, having learned prudence from bin former niitt hup, he took care not to commit himself to detail*. The learned in such matters .some cen times later, in the days of John Fordun, the Scottish historian, held that a comet with raj-H round itx head foretold the <]euth of a king, while a comet with long straggling hair foretold the destruction of a nation. Just now, then, it would seem that the kings may per sonally sit at ea»e, and the ciruunmtances of the time might make us think that the land threatened by the present comet may l>e found among those which have no kings. TU« fall of the flying man of the eleventh century w;is said to be owing to his carelessness in providing him self with wings only and not also with a tail. He must have envied the comet of lOtffi, which was certainly not lacking in that way, any more than that of 1874. Neither of them could be spoken of, as an intermediate one once irreve rently was, as " a Manx comet," which—one blushes to record the pun—could not " a tale unfold," and therefore could aot be looked on a* a trustworthy foreteller of things to come. 41 Will you have some strawberries V asked * lady guest. " Yen, madam, yea ; I eat straw berries with enthusiasm." " Well, we haven't anything but cream and sugar for 'em this eren i ing," said the matter-of-fact hortew. 