ENGLISH NEWS. DUKE OP EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. St. PETEitsmnton, January 23rd. — The -pmrriage.ccrenioDy of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Matin commenced to-day, in the presence of a -vast assemblage of guests in the Winter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired, the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatist. After assembling a procession was formed with the grand equerios, pbamberlains, and other officers of the court. Leading them came the Emperor and Empress, the Prince Mid Princess Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Prinoe and Princess Imperial of Germany, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian and naval uniform. The bride was Bplendidly apparelled in a long primson velvet mantle, trimmed with ermine, nnd she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the imperial family, priests, friends, princcB, and court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian colonel. All were decora ted with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl neoklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the gropmsnien, All wore silver wedding favours, The procession, upon reaching the Russian church, was received by the metropolitan head of the Rnssian church of the holy synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress im mediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The .wedding rings, borne on gold snlvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily until placed on the fingers of the bride and bride groom. The magnificent chapel was illu minated with innumerable wax candles ; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marringe ceremony wns unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were Riven, during the service. The crownB were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair, Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over tha bride. The Imperial Confessor then said : ' Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this bandmaideu of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and tho Holy Ghost.' Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the epistle to the Ephe Binns, 5th. chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, was read. After the reading was concluded the marriage at Caua of Gallilee was read. The prowus ware removed and the married couple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding the tip of the confessor's robe with one band and a candle in the othor. At the conclusion pf (his ceremony the sacramontal cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Afterwards tho choir sang *' Glory to Thee, O Lord !' con pluding with a benediction, This ended the Greek Bervice. The pro pesfiqn then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service i)ean Stnnley, of Westminister Abbey, offici ated* The walls wero decorated with battle piutures. Dean. Stanley, who daring the solemnisation of the Greek church service wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episoopnl surplico with a jewelled collar of the Order of B.ith nround his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American nnd the English embassies were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewctt, the American minister, Lord Loftus, the English minister and diplo matic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gortshnkoff, Burrounded by lending members of the Bub sian nobility. Tho Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crim son dresses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess re sponding according to the form enjoined in the book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, 'God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost — bless, preserve, and keep you,' was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly-married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, fair-faced; the bride-groom grave and self possessed. The Princess of Wales was love'y, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy — the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel, the Empress of Russia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome . and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. , The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dis persed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the puouc squares iou& piace, aim me general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites, there was a banquet at the palace, and subsequently a ball nt the gorgeous linll. At the close of tho ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and officers of the court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. In the Tichborne case, confessions were made by Luie to Clark, the Inspector of Detectives, that he was prompted to come forward and swear to picking up the Bella's crew by Messrs. Whnlley, Onslow, aud Baizent. He said that after he had given evidence, Mr Onslow endeavoured to smuggle him to America ; that of the latter allegation there is independent proof ,? and tunt had the plot succeeded, there was to have been a division of spoil among the chief confederates. Messrs. Onslow and Whalley have written to the papers giving their version of the Luie episode. Mr Wnalley claims to bo called as a witness, as opinion is divided. Luie is also on trial for bigamy. Mr Onslow has pub lished a lengthy statement in which he utterly denies Luie's insinuations, and states that he carefully examined him before he gave credence $o his tale, and also advauced him money to start for New York, which Luie did not do. Australian coals have been proved in Colombo to be far batter adapted for gas making purpose thnn any English coal, and preference is now invariably given to the former, although the coke made from it is not so good. Coal has been discovered in several districts in India, and hopes are again enter tained of mines being commenced on a large scale. The remains ot the late Emperor Napoleon, on the first anniversary of his death, were re moved from their temporary resting place to a new mortuary chapel at Chiselhurst. There was a solemn religious service, at which a large company of Imperialists were present. A Trades Union Congress has been held at Sheffield attended by the representatives of nearly one million workmen in the United Kingdom aud on the Continent. At an early sitting it was resolved to organize trade sooieties into a huge federation, in opposition to the federation of the employers recently announced. A loading topic of discussion was the repeal of tho Criminal Law Amend ment Act. Messrs. Mundola, Harrison, and Goldwin Smith were present, and the latter detailed at considerable length his American and Canadian experience. 