'A Skeleton Mau.' Mr John H. Sailer, of Telleshunt D'Arcy, sends to the Lancet an account of the 'Skeleton Man' now travelling the country with an itinerant showman, and oxhibited to tho vulgar gaze at twopence a head. ' I was urgently requested (siys Mt Saltor) to ascertain if there oould be any imposition, and I did so, tuny anticipating coat my visit, wouia end, as suoh visits are likely to do, in disappoint ment and disgust. However, I found every means offered me to make a m-nute inspection, and, indeed, I was invited by those who bad charge of him to ' do my very worst.' I subjoin briefly the result of my investigation : — Robert T ? , | aged thirty-two years, height 4ft. 6in;, weight 491b., wob bora of healthy parents of the laboring class, in the parish of Ma roll, Cambridge shire. Hib father is dead, succumbing to the effects of advanced age ; his mother is living, and also two sisters, who are healthy, married and well grown. He deBoribes himsolJ, and is described by those with whom ho bus lived for a period of ten years, as being quite healthy, and, except in appearance, to be constituted much the same as other mortals. In appearance, howevor, he is aotually and positively what he is represen ted to bo — viz , ' a skeleton man/ and from birth he has had the peculiar conformation which I am about to desoribe. At first sight — when divested of the oovcrings of his anus and leg?, which are simply bones, abnormally small, slightly covered with rudimentary musclts, so minuto that they can with difficulty be eoeu and felt, below a skin ot thin and shining whiteness, without a veBtige of subcutaneous fat; exhibiting a hoadaomjwbul large; and face, skeletonised in like manner, with a mruth full of somewhat prominent teeth, and lips that do not meet ; eyes, blue, gogglod, 'codfish,,,' that roll about in sockets denuded of lashes; the skin of the cheoks strotched tightly over their projections of lone, and »he chin and lower part of the face wrinkled uml wizen — he certainly woars a supernatural, ghost-liko, un comfortable appearance, which, whoa exhibited euddoDly to the heightened imagination of the ? ; ? — ? .^y ? — ? tiquisitive, I can quUo believe, has, to use tho words of tho oxliibitor) ' cauaod strong tnon to faint in all directions.' However, this ghoul like i mortal ails nothing. Ho has bofn with his pr^ont masfer ton yearn; ho oa's, drinks, smokps, sleeps, takes exorcise, and shows fits of temper and intollig'snco very similar to exhibitions of the saroo description in wayward spoiled children. Ho is enid to have never had a dny's illness in his life ; to be not particularly suscepiiblo to cold ; to ho capable of drink ing nlcoholio drinks in snraewhnt largo quantities; and the only facultiop whioh appeur to bo defectivo aro his himriug and liin epueoh, tho latter of which is expressed in sepulchral toneB and in a jerky manner. Ho has a oapital memory ; is particularly fond of ohildren, jewellery, and pictures ; and is of a Bomcwhat restless turn of mind nnd body. He does not liko to be thwarted, and at these times exhibits G.s of temper nnd violence quite inconsistent with Iiis apparent Btrencth. Ho con Walk a mile or two at a stretch ; when hurried, he 'trots rather thnn runs,' though ho has beon known to soramhle through anl win a race of a hundrel ynidi. He shakes bands Btrongly and heartily, his grip being Mint of a grown man, without apparent effort. His breathing is normal. He is not ' a scholar,' hut his intelligence is quick and keon for bis station and opportunities. Ho has a good head of brown stright, fine hair ; rudimentary eyebrows; no lashes ; no hair elsewhere over his body. His joints are large, and so is his abdomen. His oheat is of fair size. Minutely— his head is Ciipaoicus, well) developed before and bohind ; forehead somewhat low. Tho circumferential measurement taken round the centro of the fore bead is 20w inches ; length from roots of hair to poiat of chin, 5 inches. His ears are round, prominent, and without lobes ; his eyes - are full and blue, and the eyelids havo no lashes* His nose is very pointed and soinll, with the bridge defectivo and indented, 'foetal.' His mouth is large; his lips are thin and widely separate ; teeth, even, strong, regular, abuudant, and pro jecting, not indented. Ho seems to havo a perpotuitl and ghastly grin; a veritable fac simile of Victof Hugo's ' iThommo qui Rit.' His voioe is hollow and strong, the sound proceeding chiefly from the chest. His sight is tolerably good. His movements are quick and active, and he is capable of moving heavy weights. His neck, which, for him is somewhat fleshy, me.suros 11 -| inches in circumference. Round the chest he is 27 inchos ; it iB muoh contracted, and froo from any masoular development whatever. There is a small quantity of subcutaneous fat abotit the regions of tho chest, back, and abdomen. The oUvicles aro much bent. Tbo )ung3 are healthy and the respiration is normal. Tue bean-sounds ate vigorous' and even; tho pulse at the wrist is feeble; the veins aro largo. He measures round the largo ribs 27 inches. His back is slightly rounded' All his jiin's are larga aud somewhat stiffened, aud there are excoria tions, the result of friction. His arms measure round the promioence of the deltoid, 5| ioolies right, 4| loft ; round the middle of the biceps 4.', right ; 4-J left. Tho outlineB of these muscles are observable. Round the- elbow he is G:' inches, but barely three inches round the wriats. A ring with an aperture measuring exactly h«lf sn inch (!) across will fall from bis wrist when hung them. His upper arm is 10 inches long* measured from tbo point of the shoulder to the lower end of the humeru9 ; his lower arm is 7 inches to the wriBt juint; 2 inches from wrist joint to point of knuckles ; 3 inches from knuokles to end of ring finger ; nails strong and filbert shaped. Both arms are contracted at olbow joints, which seem, like those of the bands, feet, and knees, to bo partly anchylosed, He measures 121 inches round the thickest part of his thigh, 8^ inches above the knee, 6 inohes below, and 4 inches round the ancle. His feet are very arched, with rudimentary toes, stiffened joints, and very pointed heols. Thoy are 6 inches in length. The main points of physiological interest appear to me to be, how this man. can use so much effort with so little muscular development ; and why bis tissues aro not nourished to a greater extent by the quantity of food consumed, which goes through the process of digestion wilb apparent ease, aDd is sufficient for the wants of any ordinary man. Thore has been no alteration in weight for ten years ' Discoveries in the H6ly Land.— The Com mittee of tbo Palostino Exploration Fund, in their '? quarterly statement,' published their first reports received from M. CIoremont-Gannaau. 'They aro,' tho prefaoe states, ' as might have been expected, of the greatest interest.' His labours began from the moment of his arrival at Jaffa, where ha found ths ancient Jewish Ceme tery ; and wore followed up on his wuy tn Jerusalem, whore he visited the cite of Gezer, and was able to traco out in part the plan of the olJ Canaanitish city. In Jerusalem ho has made a careful study of tho sarcophagi lately found on the Mount of Offence. BesideB tho other points of interest raised in his report, it is startling to find in a tomb olosa to Bethany, of date oort&inly; early Christian, and very likely of ths first century, the names, ' all togother' of Simon, Martha, . and Lazarus. Whoever were tbo persons named, we have here certainly a tomb of Jewish Christians of a very early period, and bolonging to a priestly family. Of no loss interest aro the roports of L'eutenant Conder and Mr C. F. Tyrwhitt Drake The latest letter! oontain tho gratifying intelligence that tho survey is goiDg on vory much faster. 'We have now dono moro than a third of the whole area of WeBtern Palostine. Now that the work of the Fund is divided into two parts, the survey and tho resoarohes at Jerusalem, it is needless to say that the expenses are proportionately heavier. Wo lm»o to fano thn ncx year with a considerable debt, and with a promised annual income of a great deal Iosb than tho expenses which will be incurred. Those oxpenseB mean about £2,400 ,' for tho survey, and perhaps £1,000 for tho Jorusnlem work, besidos tho exponso of printing [ nml publishing, which cannot bo avoidod. Wo ask for increased support in annual incomes or for tho raisins of a sum of money at once, to onable us lo finish off the whole work. Wo oBtimate thnt some £10.000, in addi ion to what is promieod, would cover all work at present contemplated.' The Committee ask the wealthiest ooumry in the world to help to nn end a work which cor.corns the highest intorest of all man kind. How to Live on Gs. a Week —At tho Ddrby Boroncb Policf-sourt acaae of considerable interest was heard, in which a smart gentlemenly looking man. who eavo the na:ne of Edward j Jones, aged 80, was charged with having como to tho towii with the intention of committing a felony. Tho prisoner arrivod at Mr Sim's, Clarendon Hotel, Litohurch, Derby, bringing with him a small lealhor bag. He lived on tho best of everything running up n bill of £1 7s lid. Whon approhended by inspector Kearn, on Fri dov morning, the followinc remarkable document was found upon him : — ' Receipt how to live on 6s a wek. In tho first place, you must be possessed of a good suit of olothes. Secondly, yoa must have conBdenoe in yourself, otherwise called ' plenty of oheek.' Thirdly, -?-?« must, provide yourself with a leather ban about 2s. well stuffed with paper. When you arrivo at any place where you wish to stay for a few days, wulk into an hotel and ask if 'bey have a bed at liberty for a few nights. If ' Yes' is the answer,' innko yourself at home, walk into tho room and ordor dinner ; ask to be shown into your bed room, as you want a wash ; come down again, leaving your bag upstair?, taking caro to keep it loeked up, that thpy ahull not seo what it con tains. Tako dinner— roust beef, fowl, fish, pastry, chesso, &c;, taking caro to order half a piut of sherry; then thoy will think you know your Wiiy tbout. and bavo plenty of money. After dinner call for whisky hot and cigar, whioh is very nicn. Sit for an hour or two, and then go out on.business or a walk as the case may bo. Ordor tea for 5.30 with toast. After tea sit awhile, then ring for a brandy hot. Then take a walk, weather permitting. Come in agiin about nine, oall for whisky hot, cigar and slippers. Pull off your boots, and make yourself comfortable by the fire. Have another whisky hot. Ring the bell for your oandle, and inquire number of your room. Retire to bed about eleven o'clock, taking care to ordor breakfast for nine, with ham or eijijs or a nice chop, &c.; After breakfast taka a walk,, and bo ob as before. P.S — The bag is tbo main point. Ii may servo you for a week ; it bos served me for eight days ; but yon must watoh well tbo people whom you ore with. You con always tell when they think you havo stnld long enough. Sometimes they will ask if it is 'convenient for you to settle your bill.' Supposing so, say, ' Of course it is. I am just going to the post office far a letter. Get my bill made out, and I will settlo it when Ioome back.' Of course, takt care not to roturn for your bag, and be careful to put your comb and bimh in your pocket every morning, as you cannot tell what may huppen during the day, aud you may want to be off in a hurry ; above all, koep a bold face on ic. Tben buy another bag, and proceed on your journoy. You need never fear getting a night's lodging if you possess a bag, and if you don't happen to have one, don't despair, but go straight in ask for a bed ; they will noJ refuse. Order supper and broakfast and such like. After breakfast you can soy, ' Can I have tbo bed again to-night, aa I don't think I shall be able to do my business to-day ?' I have staid three days and nights when I hav'n't bad a bag — when I bad but one halfpenny in the world to bloss myself. But then you will say, what are you going to do for a bag ? Well, thore are lots of bags at these hot3ls ; help yourself to one when you depart, and you ate all right again. It is a month to-uight sinoe I had but one half penny lelt and no bag, and to-night, the 16'b of January, I have ono halfpsnny in my pockol and a bag to bo going on with, living like a fighting cook, and soeiag almost all the towns in England. Yours, &c;, B.J.' There was also a letter addressed to his wife in Landon, saying that ho was still leading tho same course of life, bat that ho iatended to abandon it. In his pocket-book were the camea of all the hotels and towns in Europe. Mr Hilton, ohief constable, obarpod him with coming to Derby with the intention of committing a felony (especially as there had been soverul hotol robberies lately), and asked for a remand (or further inquiries to be made. Remanded. Joe Smith, Jun. — The Melbourne Argus 8ov8; ? Joe Smith, jun, son of the founder of tho Mormon Church, and loader of the organisation which rebelled againit tbe autheriiy of Brigbam Young, is now living with his followers at Piano, I linois, but will shortly move his quarters (.tbo San Francisco Bulletin informs us) to Nuuvoo, wbenoe the o'.d Mormons flod, to Missouri and aftot wards to Uttib. Smith's followers have praotically abandoned the doctrine of polygamy, and are said to bo a very decent and peaceable sort of people, intensely hostile to Brigham Young and his party, for whom there appears to bo much loss love among the Mormons genorally than thore was formerly. Nauvoo, which once had a population of 40,000 is now reduced to about 1600 souls, moBt of whom will probably welcome Smith and his followers back, as a moanB of enhancing tho value of their property, ami promoting trade in the district Ono of the first things Smith intenda to do on his return to Nauvoo is to start a newspaper of his sect. Without a newspaper nothing can bo done in Amerio.i. A Clay county (Kontucky), auctioneer pulled out a revolver and announced — ' If any man goes irolioktng around while this sale is goit:g on,l shall interrupt hi* careor. Put them shotguns over by [ the lonos au' leave 'em that 1' A String b Piotdeb fob 'Auhtralia.—tIjq 1 nroaso in tho prioo of butol.ors' meat is giving f our homekrepers a good dool of uneasiness. No- I body understands butter than they do what a I difference tho ndditiou of a penny D noum] to ! mutton utid brief mula-s to their wni-kly bj||f j Where thore is a family of four or fivo persons' with limited means, this becomes a very eoriou' matter, and whon the family is larger, still moro serious. Shortness in tho supply of 6uoep M(] outtle for tho markets is assigned as a chiol reason for this. But whecoe that shortness in the supplj ? For this severul reasons nro gi,CD, all deserving more or less o' attention Queens land no longer sends stock overland in suoh quantities ;ts sb-) did formerly, not havini- mncli more than mifiincs for her own consumption From most ol the Northern runs of Now So'trh Waloa tbo surplus stook is driven ov rland to Sydney, where it meets with a ready solo— from all, indeed, oxcept thono included in tho Hiverina district. We ore thus shut up to a vory Jorge extent to what wo rear ourselves, and to what wo got from Riverina, at a time in whioh there is » large damauu for store 6heop and catilo to stock tho farms of the smaller classes of agricultural sottleis. Our average weekly demond for Mel bourne und suburbs is, we are iuformed, 1000 head Of oattle and about 15,000 sheep, exclusive of what is required for tho men-prosorviDg es 'rib hhments, and what the smull settlors nrenow everywhere seeking to put on tbeir land. The soason has also had much to do with tbe present shortness ol tho supply of stock fit for tho buclier's kuifo. At iha beginning a drought was predicted and the proprietors of tho meat preserving estab lishments oxpeoted a rich harvest out of the stook which would havo to be drivon off tbo ruus (or want of grass. But tho late heavy rains bare put an end to all expiations of that kind, and completely turned tho miles in favour of tbekge stockholders These gentlemen now have grata enough for tho winter, and every email aettl, r with a bit of grass is on tbe look out 'ot stook of one eott or another to eat it off. At present tborefore, tbe sales are neither likely to ba bo I largo nor so brisk as they have baen. Tue only I comfort to be bud is in the reflection that tho I d-ftoiency in the supply of stock for tho market cannot last very lon^. The extent of oar grazing ground, to say nothiug of tho contingency of droughts, always leaves a piaco for hopa in ibe bosom of tho meat consumer. A great mind ma? chance its objocts, but it cannot relinquish them ; it must htve something to pursue; variety is its relaxation, and 'amose- I ment its repose. 1 Generosity during life is a very different thing 1 from generosity in the hour of death ; one pro- 1 ceeds from genuine liberality and benevolonoo, tba I oilier from pride or fear. I Things right in themselves are more likely to | ba hindered than advanced by an irijudioious zeal for promoting them. An ingenious Yankee has invented a wbetstono to sharpen the appetite. 