MINING INTELLIGENCE. Thb Whxal Goydkb.— On Friday, February 13, an ordinary general meeting of thu Yorke'a Peninsula Copper Mining Company was held at Greeham-Chambers. Four thousand ahanw were represented, and Mr. J. Rioharda presided. The Directord reported having purchased a claim of 22 acres adjoining the sections previously held. Captain J. Warren stated that work was proceeding satisfactorily, and that ore might be cut any day, as the character of the lode was very favourable. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The Tet Agaet.— The Manager, Mr. W. Percy, reported on February 11:— 'We have sunk Riggs's Shaft to 106 feet The ground is very hard for sinking at present, but I am iu hopes of its only being a thin floor and that we may soon get through it; the water is coming in rather freely. I intend sinking 6 feet deeper and then commence to drive a crosscut west to intercept the lode of ore that was cut in the incline shaft The water in the incline shaft ia 4 feet 6 inches lower than when we resumed working Eiggs's Shaft I believe that within a fortnight from this date the whole of the water will be drawn away, if this be as I anticipate. I think it advisable to erect a whip and to resume work there again; either to sink the shaft or drive, whichever tho shaft will allow. We have fixed the new pulleys and rope, and everything works very satisfactorily. We ihad a little trouble to get the horses to start at first, but now they are taking to it very well.' [From the Yorle't Penituvla Adveriuer, Feb. 13. 1 The Moonta.— In driving on Crosby's LodeJ at' the depth of 15 fathoms, a small quantity of yellow and black ore has been discovered. This lode has been operated upon at invervals during the past two years, and tha shaft sunk about 45 fathoms without fiading ore, until the discovery bpoken of was made. This, we believe, is the first instanoa of or© being found in the Moosta property eastward of the celebrated Taylor's Lode. The eastern lode in the Hamley sett is believed to bo a con* tinuabon of Crosby's Lode. The South-East Moonta.— The leader, or lode, whichever it may be, is increasing in size the further it is followed, and is found to be gradually heading to tha northward. About a quarter of a ton of splendid ore was broken on Wednesday, a large lump of which, estimated at from 50 to 60 per cent, of copper, was exki* bitedatthe Moonta Horticultural Show. The shareholders in this property are to be congratu lated on its cheering prospects. Thk Nkw Moonta.— The pumping machinery having been improved by the addition of multi plying gear recommenced working on Tuesday, and was found to answer admirably. The sink ing of the shaft will now be actively prosecuted. We are informed that the manner in which the pitwork has been executed is deserving praise. In the words of our informant, it is light, tidy, and strong. The South Moonta.— We are informed that near the western boundary of this property there has been found the baok of a fine-looking lode composed of soft quartz and ironstone, which is believed to be an extension of Fer gussou's Moonta lode. The New Titara.— Mr. S. Harris has been appointed to the charge of the New Tipara. Sinking is still actively continued upon a kindly, well-defined lode about three feet wide. Tha depth obtained is between 14 and 15 fathoms. The Mid-Mookta.— As we have before indi cated the shareholders resident in this district some little while ago appointed three of their number to wait upon the Managing Directors, Messrs. Harvey and A. 8. Clark, Adelaide, with the view of obtaining information respecting the position of tiie Company in relation to the claim recently set up to the property by Mr. W. T. Dalwood. On Monday evening the members of the deputation, Messrs. L. L. Fumer, Mann heim, and Olifentj delivered their report a a convened meeting in the Moonta Hotel, at which Mr. Maddern presided. They Btated that Mescrd. Harvey and Clark had offered them every facility for pursuing their investiga tiona, and had given them access to ths documents and correspondence bearing upon the case, and they made this direot acknow ledgment of their courtesy. They then en tered into a detailed statement to the following effect:— Mr. W. S. Whitington was the origina lessee of the property, and gave a power o attorney to Mr. Harvey to deal with the section, as also a powei of substitution of attorney ship, which the latter gentleman exercised in favour of Messrs. Darton & Co., of London Thia firm, through a Mr. Hill, sold Mr. Whiting ton's interest in the lease to the present Mid Moonta Company for a sum of £500 cash and a certain number of free shares, of which Mr. Whitington received 1,500 and Mr. Harvey l,U00. Messrs. Darton and Co. having completed the sale, requested Mr. Whitington to draw for the £500, with which instruction that gentleman complied; but before the bill matured Messrs. Darton (Mr. Whiting ten's substitute attorneys) became insolvent 8o that so far as Mr. Whitington was concerned the money consideration never found its way into his pockets, though it was received on his behalf by bis agents. The free shares, forming part of the consideration in the sale, were subsequently gold by Mr. Whitington during a temporary advance in the price of that particular stock. Bat by some mischance— the absence of neces sary documents, or an alleged refusal of Mr. Whitington to sign — the Mid- Moonta Company failed to register the transfer of the property in tho colony, so that the lease of the section still remained in Mr. Whitington's name. He then got & certificate from the Registrar - General's Office to the ? effect that he was the registered proprietor of the lease, and the certificate became the pro perty of Mr. W. T. Dalwood for an alleged con sideration of £100. Directly thia bargain was closed Mr. Dalwood served a writ of ejectment on the captain of the mine, and this led Mr. Harvey to obtain an injunction restraining Mr. Dalwood from dealing with the property until the question of the title had been settled by a suit in equity. This of course restrains all operations excepting simply such as to the Directors seem desirable for the future develop ment of the mine. Messrs. Stow & Ayers were understood to be retained by Mr. Dalwood, and Mr. Boucaut hoick a retainer on behalf of the Company, and we hear that the hitter gentleman pronounoes that the litigants on the other side have not got 'tho ghost' of a chance. Still heavy law expenses wQl of necessity be incurred, and these it is proposed to meet by a new issue of shares. So far as regards the position of the Company as it stands now in relation to the English capital embarked, we are led to understand that the total amount raised in England was £2,059. Of this sum £900 has been sent to the colony to assist in working the mine; £500 was paid to Messrs. Darton & Co., for Mr. Whitington; and the balance, it is presumed, has been absorbed in preliminary and ' floating' expenses in London. The proper acknowledgments were made to the deputation, and the meeting terminated. 