TUB CONSECRATION or THE CHURCH OF THE HOLY TR1NITV, WESTBURY. Wednesday, May 20th, 187*, will be a day long remembered, not only by the good people of Wcslbvry and those ivho attended1 at tho above church on that day, but by hundreds of others. For sonic time past the ceremony of dedicating the noble building, which occupies a prominent position at the junction of William-street nnd the Westbury main voaii, to the worship of Uie Altnlghty, ]iA4 been the earnest desire of the much respected anil highly esteemed pastor, tbe IU:v. lumber IlogAn. As tlie day drew near on which the rev. gentleman was to witness the completion uf the work which had cost him bo much unxicly and labor, fears were entertained thai the pleasure of the ceremony would be marred hy t[i(. weather. For.sotne days before the weather had been very un svltled, hut on Wednesday morning Uie down puur of rain was enough to damp tbe spirits of the bravest. Nothing daunted, however, a large number of people arrived by the first train from Moraine, and by the lime the Ion train arrived at ihc Westbury station, a change for the better had taken place iu the weather. The opening cere mony at the church was to he performed by Iih IjOrJfihiM Ribbon Afiirnhtv ntmtat^A hv n large number of clcrcyincn, and in order to make tbe ceremony grander and more tiirU-'Tcslin}!, arrangements were made for Ihc celebration of solemn High Mass ronm jiontifwc.ix full orchestra and choir oasis ting in llicuiigiiiE.and performing Mozart's Twelfth Hats. This orchestra and chofr, we may men tion, was composed of ladies and gentlemen amateurs, who kindly offered to assist at the opening ceremony, many of thorn nm bclinujhut to the Roman Catholic denomination, but such Is the respect in which Father Hog.™ is held by all classes, ili&l; persona both in and out side his own church have vied with each other in assisting him, not only at the opening ceremony, but in the more subsume tial way of money donations towards defray. ing the cost of the building, and so liberally have the people assisted that now the church is sufficiently completed to allow of it being opened, the debt remaining on It being only about £ICHK). Uefore commencing the report of the ceremony we will first describe the umuiisu, The foundation stone of which was laid on the 12th May, 1869, by the Right Rev. JJisliop Murphy, assisted by Dishop Qulnn, ana other clergymen. The plans and sped l!ca!ion« wero prepared by ifr Humor, of Hobart Town, under whose directions they have been carried out. Tbe »ty!e of archi tecture selected for this an*T-»ri ftiitiM. I thai which prevailed In England during the thirteenth century, and was known as tbe ?' early pointed.' The plan is cruciform, and comprises nave, 88ft by 3 1 ft 3in , north and south transept, each 21ft by Uft , chancel, 2Sfl by 23ft ; and sacristy, 18ft by Uft. A.( the west end of the navo, ovor the gnat doorway, there h an organ and oholr Ral lory, supported on arehen, under which sro throe oompartnientt_a central porch, a baptistry, and staircase to the gallery. At tho angle formod by Intersection of the north transept and nave is a porch 9 feet square Internally, and belfry, which latter Is the only portion of Die building not com plelod. It is, however, raised clear of the eaves of the nave roof, and will ultimately roach to a height of «0 feet. This will be sun mounted by a Bhinglca or slated spire,, the total height Including vane and croVbeS! lot leet trom the ground. Tho height o» nave Internally fro* floor to ridge of rSof V. 45fwt,nniUlltl,egablMarc finished wlti handsomely carved utono crosses. The in terior of the church only shows three arches, two ot which aro from tbe nave to the transepts, and one into the chancel. Thm caou spring from semi-octagonal pUli having moulded caps and bascB. Trha nave is lighted by coupled lonoct win, do.™ with cuspad heads, and at ths (Ht CI1(I 111 tllf (Trillin r.,*n- 4.I.A ? It ? is n simple design rose window of eight uefmla Burronnding a ocntre quartrefoll Ihe transepts have a row of three plain lancet windows over which in each gable is a smaller rose window emblematic of the Holy Trinity-three trefoil lights wittifn ono circle. The cast window in thi channel Is also a llirec light window, each having simple tracery in the head. The walls arc of square rubble iramrtone In Irregular eoursiis, with frccstono dressings the stone having been procured from the CTuiui Tiers, about four miles from the town. SL^-LT111^1.' oonstrucjea wltb ..~-,,..u, ,r*«ug,ii, tttiu ciiamrcrod tituhferaf Oregon pine, springing from stone corbel, c.ery alternate one bolnfi half prlncSfi flight of lilf« step, extending tbt whole width of the nave The aroh I a3°Sl t ^»^-«piy moulded MfaS. n feet jrldo on the church floor, and 85 feet In height. Tho platform ia raised from lL1 chancel floor by a ftightof four stepsTano oa this the altar Is placed. The altar nowlwhur n«a » the one that has been In thcoll «VhX?,alr-?be «»-K-i«xiai such UmoM funds will admit of . new one beine £*££ « moos wi i men extend the whole width o« »lttXbMXrS which Uolauinrttjlaa.,1. divMed tatothr« parts, and represent* the Nativity ofoS ^vionr.theSnidaxteB, uStoVsttmSZ. Uor. will, enricbea botdi^aa Is ^JS* ol Moasn.Coote.nniSon/ofloMoa ^S nnrthern chanoel window rcpr^enu ftS patron «alnUofIrelat1i,8»!nlI^rkS Wilt Bridget, a»d to torgSlf 12 Thomas Field, H» other cbaneS 3Jar Very Tlev. BWher Bimne, 'rS^Sfcfc '?«Pnofcobnlal^6hr^ng^be*in»m by Urn nml Ferguson oC Melbourne. Tlic organ galloryciitcu.lsll'; n-lioln width of U.'c nave; it Is lift wide, and Uft from Ibc main floor, and is lighted v»h » heiutlful oriel window of fUlncJ glass, representing the Dirmltr in III,, cmlrr, siirimin.lcil mill lit folhmiug subject : — Tll« H™ »- '' Wild,™-., Ihe Crcs and H.«l, the l.roy with Ihif Hammer anil NuiU. the Lruss . wi h the Onm 'f Tlium.. Ihe J'illiir. Ihi- IJjuli vidodUariiicut.Uic Lamp of Faith au.l the Lamb. Tliiii »?»» ulso ciaraUil by Urn unJ Ferguaou of Melbourne, In the order uf the. Warden of Wc»tliiir.v, !)? llilrlm, Ksq., whoso gift it Is. TUc transept ia lighted by two oriel windows of stained |jlnu,llie one on the south side representing Failh, Hope, nnd Charity, tlic cost having ton willcclcl by lira Stewart, of Melbourne, formerly a member of. Father Ilngan's cousieijatinu. The northern window, froiitin(t oil the main nul, represents (lie Father, Son, uml Holy Ghost, ami is the gift, previous w lii» depar ture for America, of Mr W. l)ij!nan, , I* Sub-lnsjiectnr iu ilie Westbiiry police. 1 he nave is lighfed by Ike AiiiImV cathedral witldons, wi'Ji mbv stained borders at caHi Bld,-, and were printed hy Messrs. 1\ . ' . While, W. McUce, .1. Mnllony. Hrriinan, Toolc, Dagcrfy, ami others. Ilie liiplislry and approach to orpin gallery arc Wiled J-.v two single caUivdral windows, with ruby ?tallied borders. The transept is Msd lighted witu three similarwindm™. Tlicw » ind,»-s were nude l»v J. Mid J. Howard, of Launer-s. ton The entrances arc by a door at the west end with one broad step, and livlho tower up a .mall flight of elone slops. 1 her* Is also a prlvale entrance to the sacn«ly. TUc altar mil is ronslrueled of Kngllsh oak. of gotliic design, ami was nude by Cox nnd gnus, of London. The different contractors for the work were— ror foundation and rubble masonry, Havener and .'-on' ; for freestone, Connolly anil Anclenmli ; Ilirnmf, Mr ford, of I/vuuccston ; Inhiwtl linings, Includlni? ikorinii doors, fcc, llw find son, Launcoston. The whole of tlic work lias been carried out with credit to tlic con tractors. The ground all round the cnurcn has been cleared of the bushes and well gravelled. The seats used in tho chlircharc open seats, made of colonial htackmwd, from .design supplied by Mr Hunter, the archl teel, but ouly a few have as yet been made. TUB CKttEWOlfY OF COKSECRATIOS. Thli was announced to commence at 11 o'clock, and long before that time, the rain hating cleared off, a largo concourse of people were gathered in front of lhc church, and In ii very few minutes after the doors were opened the spacious church was comfortably filled. The orchestra com prised the following- -Violins — Messrs. T Sharp, W. Abbott, J. Chick, J. Tevclein; ViobmUm—Keun. A. Hart, S Joscelvnc j Omlic-Uun — Mr W. Sharp ; F&le-Wr; J.M. Burin; Oomopmn, —Messm. It I). Harris and A. Day ; Organ — Hiss Dowllng. The choir consisted of ten laolei and nine gentlemen, and the whole amutemntts »?«« under Die conductor rthTif Mr J. U. Melvyn. The cere mony commencod by the orchestra play ine that fine chorus from Handel's Mes siah, ?? Lift up jour heads oh yc gates.' After that the cleqty walked, round the outside of the church chanting the limrr maliu.the HUllop blessing the walls with holy water Tlic clcrg}' present were His Loni ,hlp Bishop Murphy, the Very Bev Vicar General Dunne, Tho Her. IJean d'Conncll, of Sydney ; Br Butler, Dean of Launceslon , ; Revs. I). F. X. Itaechlnor, of 81. Mary's Cathedral, nobsrt Town : M. J. neceliinor, Camnboll Town ; J. Fecllnn, lAunccston ; XKclBli, New Norfolk ; K. F. Walsh, I)c lorainc ; -T. J. M'Kcrnan, Longford ; J. nomin Wcslbury ; M. Keohnn, Oatlands | lT.*oonc..andtlie Very Itcv. Julian Woods, of Sydney. Tlic Deacons of the Throne were. Dean O'Coniiell nnd Ber. U, Keolmn . ZlZZ West. ViearOener»l Dunne. The Celebrant of High Ma«B, Cvrain Pmlifre, vas Her K. F. Walsh i Deacon of the Mass. Her J J. M'Kcrnan j Sun-Deacon, Her. J Fechau ; Master of the Ceremonies, ller. T. Kelsh. They then entered at the western door headecl hy the Master of the Ceremn nles, the Bishop carrying hii staff of oQlcc, aud attcuded by (lie rteacom, »till chanting. They proceeded up to the altar, and afu:r prayers they sang the Utany o( the Saints. After that they marched round the jiiaidc of the church chanting the 1 19th, IJOth, and 121st psalm. His Lordship the llisliop blessing the walls and sprinkling them with holy water. After returning to the sanctuary the choir sang ' Let's Adore the Lord with glory,' while this was bcini doue. the priests retired to the sacristy. They then returned to tlic sanctuary, and High Mass Coram PmH/Ire was then cele brated. The orchestra and choir performed Moim-fJ Tivclth Maw In n.le niylc and in a maoner which reftccU credit on Uie conductor and llwnwlvrs. The Olienlng piece, the A'yrif IiM«, was performed in a masterly manner, us also were (he El Ucartail-i of !he ermio, the n..... V.J..V Pitrrm. RHi] the Ctnria. TllC Bev, Julian Woods after reading 1 Chronicles, chapter iris, preached an eloquent sermon. He referred at length to the laitti of the people in erecting such a magnlflcxiit rtrnc lure and dedicaUng it to the service of the Almighty. After the sermon the ntah«p Ihankted those persons who had so Kindly asslvtcd in tile ceremony, referring pnrlicu larly to those who did not belong -o Wwt bury or were of the same erepcl as himself. He expressed llic plclsnrc he felt at teeing »oe,U a One building and highly compllmcnl«l lhc roBpeclcil pastor, Father Uoean, on the NicccM of his work . He also recommended Uicpcople to be as generous in assisting to pay off the debt as they had liccu in con tributing to the building fund. Some of Die prieftt tben went round aud maijc a eollection, one carrying a plate and another a nancr. on which he put down the names of donors with the amounts. ™ ? . ? iiu nnil.,/.c{nn \lr T. Sharn nor formed a roluntary on Uic or^an. Miss Dowling accompanied Mr Ferguson on tnc organ whilst he sang the Yai W(« Soiriliu Tte jemalning portion of the Mass was then performed and the proceed. iO(T« terminated with tile orchestra pliji Ing the l'Mtoral Sympliony and Hallelujah Oioriis Mlth great effect. TUB D1HNEH. On the conclusion of the ceremony an adjournment was made to the nerriedalclnn for the purpose of satiifying the cravings of the inner man. The larie billiard-room bad for Uie 'mere been converted into a tcm pormry banquet hall, covers being iafd for KSut 70 perwns. The tables literally croaned beneath the weight of good things placed on them, every delicacy in season being represented, and reflected great credit on Mrs Smith, the hostess. Tlic chair was occupied by Rev. Father Hogan, and the rtcci&air; by the Warden, D. Burke, I'.sq. Safficlcnt time having been given to no ».™io i-.iim !o ihe eatables and drinkables, Mcmh Melvyn, Ferguson, ltopcr, nnd the KuVtlcmcn sing iVon W»« JJomlar- The ffi. of Her Majesty, the .ubacri tiers, the ladic» and gentlemen of the choir, «hc llcv. Father nnean, and a number of other toasts were drauk before the coaipany cscparated. The evening Bcrvice at the church was «ry largely aiwnded ; In fact the ch.rdi was f crowded througlioiit nnd cxtm seats tad to'c provided for many of the visitor-. ¥hc '(I?, proportions of the huildingappearod loadvaut-iKe when fully occupied, mi Jo Souhip*'- iwrefto to appreciated by every ^ii« nrpftcnt Intheabsence of the Jiislin Sie 'll°V l')eiu. Connell offleiatcl a- r.ele ^t. .he Hev .father F«tal. ^»'B -?'«»». md the Rev. Falher McKeroaii, of Ixiilg a^VUnimr .ervleetbeKev. Kalher WS.*W. very impre....e address from the al-t diaplw nf llevelati.. , Si s -fun ,',rwj;icn.So°n ,iM1*-|. 'fnlft,l!efu,,d.ofli,ecl,urd, Tl,o benediction .r-rv,.* ! Ita . Mlowrf and ?jronillit the pwewhnir' ''*.,'?.,, „ „,„, Tho rollections anuuint -?- Cl'O,* sum mtlM^li Mi»nk« »ell fnr the liberality of lliiwc ^wllo liavc'ak.n an iutereiliu flic establlsu anrntofllifchurrh. Wdrrtbe .-oncliKion of Ihe premnf ter Smhii-sUerriedaU-Iiin.w hereflie tarKC roinus i_j ?_,„ nn.pnreil fur dancing, which was W.ITpAh meat spirit bythcvolaricsof TSi..iJ*iin-lilllhe'«oe sma hours were far«*.Ti««d 