THE DOOR BETWEEN. * By Lavha C. Redder. I know it was tliino own hand tliat shut it And loeked it— but I throw away tho key, ' And so tho door can nevcrmoro be openod That stands so gripily betwixt you and mo. 'Though sometimes I havo fancied that I heard you ? Pleading and knocking on tho othor side, * I would not answor, for my heart was sullen, And made so cruel by my wounded pride. And tWc ate hours when I havo knolt beside it, Anigh to death for just one word from yon ; And you, in turn, wert' proud and would not answer For unything that I can say or do. And sometimes ^vhen I lie Jtwixt. sleep and, wuking, 1 think tho door swings back to let you in ; But when 1 spring to give you eager welcome, I only meet the ghost of what has been. And often in my sleep my heart is asking, ' Whoro is the key ? Alas ! where is tho key ? ? And I ariso and vainly try to open Tlie closed door that is 'twixt you and mo The Good T'emplaus and thb Licensed VieruAi-i.F.its in London. — Tlio progress of this body — the Good Tonlplnrs — writes 'John Plumuicr,' tho London correspondent of tho S. M. Herald is something astounding. Fivo years ngo tho nnmo Good Templar was searcoly known in this country. Now thero aro moro th.'in half a million membors of tho order. The traffic la badges aud regalia, is somothing enormous, and an flggregato meeting^ of Good Templars, with tho officials in full regalia, is a most imposing affair. There can be no doubt that tho pomp and show with which tho Templars conduct their proceedings have a strange fascinntRjn for the multitude, and assist largely in swelling tho number of converts ; yet absurd as this popular infatuation fur glitter and tinsel may seem to us, how can we consistently rebuke it when wo find men of wealth and education willing to do .anything to gain a decoration 'from Royal hands. Why should not the working man.be allowed his Good Templar scarf, when the peer is allowed to wear tho lsadgo of tho Order of the Garter? Both are varitles, but the former represents an amount of self-denial, frequently approaching heroism, and, therefore, is ontitled to more credit. If tho Order continues to progress at its present ratio, it will in a few yeai-3 becomo the most powerfid working class organization that . ever existed, either in ancient or modem times, aud will prove' a formidablo foe to tho drink 111'aking and drink-selling interest. And quito right too. Somo sueli check is imperatively needed, for in some places, the publicans, for getting their true position in the social and political world, are begining to demand tliat all legislation shall bo framed in accordance with their requirements, rather than those of tho community. They have alrpady _ demanded that no member of a temperance society, Good Templar, or partisan of tho United Kindom Alliance, should be allowed to tako part, as magistrate, in-any.licensing proceedings, which is tantamount to insisting that tho publicans, shall bo allowed to have everything their own way. They are ovon talking of demanding the ropoal of the restrictions on tho hours of opening, and the other day, the Daily News so far forgot its customary good seiiso as to express an opinion that no harm could possibly arise from allowing public-houscs to romain open all night. The writer of that article must have been rather young and inexperienced. But there is very littlo fear of Parliament being ruled too closoly by the barrel and mash tub., Tho public may like Boniface as a servant, but it is another thing to accept him as master.' \- The Danger fiiom Liohtning. — An Ameri can gentleman who has been figuring up tho chances of boing struck by lightning (says tho Medical Gazette) arrives at the following re assuring rcsidts. Taking tho figures of the. last census reports, we find that during the year 1870 there were, ill tho whole country, 202 deaths from lightning stroke. Let womanlcind tako notice that, out of these, 148 .deaths wero of males, and only 54 females. The total num bor of deaths from all causes was nearly 500,000. Thero were 2,4&7 deaths from other causes to 0110 death from lightning, and thero woro 190,883 porsons living to every one killed by this cause. It is soinowliat singular that the' lightning was decidedly more destructive with both males aud females between tho ages of 10 and- 30 years than with any others ; betwoon 10 and 15 yews is tho most fatal timo, but even then tho number is very small. Much comfort for those still inclined to .be timorous is to bo found in going back further on tho record. The deaths by lightning in 1870 wero only 11 more than in 1860, while the population had increased moro than 7,000,000, and tlio.rato is declining, in spito of tho hasty conclusions formed by read ing tho news of a day. I11 1860 there were 48 deaths by lightning outof o\\*6ry 100,000 deaths from all causes ; in 1870 the rato was only 42. But now, whilo only 202 persoifs died from lightning stroke in 1870, there wero 397 deaths from sunstroke, or nearly twicc as many. Yot tho nuihber of persons who shudder when thoy seo tho sun rise would bear a very small ratio to those who shudder at tho rising of the thunder cloud. Tho rate of deaths by sunstroke has declined during tlie dec-ado from 91 to 81 in 100,000 deaths from all causes, and, -with the ' increase in care and information on the subject^ is likely to decrease still moro, but it will fc.ways* probably bo largely in cxcepS of tho lightning rato. It is also noticoablo that thero wero 1,345 . deaths by suicide, while thero woro only 102 deaths by lightning — in other words, an indi vidual is six times as likely to kill himself as ?:ghtning is to loll him. 