BOCIAL AND GENERAL. We re-publish in another column a corres pondence bearing reference to the finding of a lost child after it had been'many years living with the blacks. Since the original publica tion the hapless mother addressed to a con temporary a heart-breaking letter from which we have room to make only the following extract: -y own son and many others are still deceived with regard to the girl, and imagine her to be my long-lost daughter; but I would ask, who is the best judge P and on whose heart but the mother's are the features and form of her dead or lost child most deeply mir rored P Those persons who have never seen my lost one have added insult to injury by affirming that the one brought to me is my daughter. I trust in the Almighty, who in His wisdom has permitted this great trouble to come upon me, no doubt for some wise end, that something will be done for me, for I cannot man age the girl myself. She treats ms with great disre spect, and tells me she will do as she likes, and go where she likes ; so she Goes and comes when she pleases. But this stateof things cannot last long. It is very hard upon me that I should have to keep this half-caste woman to create no end of trouble in my family. Yours truly, IM. Dowmrro. As Hamlet said of the ghost, "we would back the mother for a thousand pounds." Too much credit is often, we think, accorded to maternal instinct; a mother may fail in detecting who is her child, but an intelligent woman would hardly fail in detecting who is not her child. There has been rather a dearth of amuse ments since our last. Our interesting little mock Parliament in Ipewish is doing remark ably well. Its numbers are increasing, and the subjects, as well as style of debate, are much improved. We understand that the appearance of the immigrants by that magnificent ship Darling Downs, which anchored inside Cape Moreton on Sunday morning, November 1, gave great satisfaction. For the last few days the heat in Ipswich has been severe, from 90 to 95 degrees in the shade. The want of rain, too, is now being heavily felt. Unless it falls speedily butter will rise to a great price, item, butcher's meat. We are of sanguine belief in the coming Woollen Manufacturing Company; there is a zeal and an earnest determination in its promoters which are unmistakable: 'Tie not in mortal to command success, But we'll do more, Sempronius, we'll deserve it. We beg to call our readers' attention to the communication which will be found in another column headed " Penalty of Death." It is a subject that every good man should study, and our correspondent has evidently grappled with it closely. 