The Ad vertiser TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1874. The Council Notice Paper for to-day is fuller than usual. We find six notices of motion and three Orders of the Day, so We may hope the hon. gentleman mean to do a little more work this week than they have been doing of late. Mr. Fisher will ask leave to introduce a Bill confer ring certain powers on the Australian Mutual Provident Society. We do not know what the sought toy powers are, but the Society itself is a great organization with whoae anoceas the interests of a large number of persons are bound np. Sir H. Ayers ia then to move that the portrait of our late Governor, Sir James Fergusson, be hung in the Council Chamber, to which we suppose there wOl be no objection, if the contributors wish to have it hung there. Mr Hay, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Fisher are to move respectively for one month's leave of absence to Messrs. Santo, Stoma, and Tarlton, on the ground of "urgent private business." In the case of Mr. Santo no objection can be pre ferred ; but we submit that when hon. members undertake journeys which will involve their absence from the colony for a whole session they onght to resign their positions. In a House of only 18 mem ben it is not right that two ahould be absent for a whole session. The Orders of the Day include the third reading of the South Australian Gas Company's Act, the aeoond reading of the Supreme Court Amendment Bill, and the adjourned da bite on the second reading of the Boad BiH Plenty of work, therefore, is before hon. gentlemen if they will steadily set to it. In the Assembly Paper there are four preliminary questions, the only one of much importance being thai of Mr. Boucaut, with respect to the Moonta leases. We do not know what the hon. member means by his questions ; but he is too acute to act without a reason, so we may infer that he scents something doubtful in the relations between the Go-, verament and ihe proprietors of the mines with respect to these leases. Mr. Ward wOl aak for one month's leave of •aitaAn*}* for Mr. rSimma; and then Mr. Angas will move for reports from the surveyors appointed to examine the proposed lines fram Keyneton to Sedan. The Orders of the Day include important Govern ment business, beginning with the Esti mates. The ordinary Estimates are weD nigh through, and we ace the Treasurer has put the additions and excesses on votes on the Paper. The Land Bill comes next, and we hope an effort will be made by the Houbb to get through the remaining clauses, so that the new clauses may be fairly discussed and disposed ot After these two questions the next on the Paper is the Intercolonial Free Trade Bill in Committee, a measure that should also be settled. We see that the report of the Select Committee on the Boad Board appointment is to be brought up, though if what we hear is correct—that witoeeses have been summoned to appear before the Committee on Wednesday—the report cannot, of course, be ready. As the enquiry of the Committee is simply into a question of fact, which must be known to only two or three persons, we should have thought half an hour's in vestigation would have been sufficient to doae the labors of the Committee. Wednesday's Paper in its copiousness is like some we have had in earlier parte of the session. There are one question, twelve notices of motion, and fourteen Orders of the Day. Some of the motions aie important. Mr. Boucant is to aak leave to introduce n Bill to repeal so much of the Constitution Act as relates to the (salarieaof theofficeraof the Council. After the expression of opinion the other day, the Assembly ought to carry that Bill almost without debate. To make the salaries of officers in the one House the same as those in the other, irrespective of the duties to be performed, is an absurdity which no reasonable man oan justify. We hope when the Bill reaches the Council the members of that j House will look at it [altogether apart i from feelings of petty jealousy, and as a question of justice and fair play. Mr. j Boucant is also to move for leave to in troduce a BUI to provide more effectually for the prevention of corrupt practices at elections. We do not know in what direction tbe hon. member wishes to legislate on this subject, or what are the corrupt practices now in existence which he wishes more effectually to prevent. We were under ,the impression that cor rupt practices at elections in this celony were things of the distant past. Amongst tbe minor motions, one is by Mr. Bees, for a return of all capital convictions in the colony, and what 'became of those thus convicted. A return of this kind will not take long to prepare, and may be usefuL Mr. Angas will also move that a portion of the amount on the Estimates for immigration "may be applied to the ] introduction of German immigrants. Mr. Krichauff will move for copies of the journal of Mr. Ernest Giles to be laid on the table. When we knew that the journal was in possession of the Govern ment we applied for permission to pub lish it, or at least portions of it, but were informed that it must firat be laid before Parliament; and now we get a report of it from Melbourne, where?, we suppose, there is not so much red tape and circumlocution as we have here. Amongst the Orders of the Day, the firat of importance is the further con sideration of the Inebriates Bill, in Com mittee. The second reading of the Oddfellows Bill is also down. Mr. Solo mon's two motions—one for the corres pondence between the Hon. T. Reynolds and the Government in re mineral leaM? in the Northern Territory., and the other with reference to the payment of the city police—are also on Hie Paper for Wednes day. Mr. Laurie is to Aak the House to affirm the desirableness of a railway be tween Mount Gambier and Bivoli Bay, via Millicent. There are aeveral other matters in addition to these en the Paper, and if the work continues so to crowd in, hon. members will have to consider the ques tion of sitting an extra day in the week until the work of the session is through. Rough tress and sincerity are by no means the same thing. Clever rogues have quite as often done business by a mask of toughness and blunt—ess, as by fair speech and flattery. It is indeed easier to assume bluntness successfully, than it is to cajole a man, in any way difficult to (steer, to yield to our wishes. The conventional usages of society are in themselves very worthless tilings, but when made a barrier, as they are, around the more delicate feelings of men, they act a very excellent part in the coarse of things. All hail! ye sweet small cour tesies of life, cries one; they are like ■air cushions—there is nothing in them, bnt they ease the jolts in life's journey wonderfully well. A scrupulous con science sometimes boggles at a conven tionalism, aa being next door to a lie; and in this view one hardly knows .where to draw the line at which blunt truth should take the place of conventional excuse. Here are we, for example, trying to find something that will please and profit our readers, and we see a bore approaching the house. We know him of old; he is lineal representative of Horace's " leech that wonld stick to the " skin till it was gorged with blood." We know well he haa nothing to aay ; at least ail that is new with him is not true, and all that is true is not new. What is to be done? Shall we aay that we are not at home? Bat then to a«y ao would be either con ventional, or false. Shall we say we are engaged I But then, in he comes—won't detain us a minute—just to say how d'ye do; and then he aits down, or fusses about,'playing the bull in the china-shop with all our ideas, and having swept onr shelves into one great wreck—he win't detain us any longer. Have we saved I truth now, or avoided hypocrisy ? It is .very doubtful. We sat, smiling staid smiles, while our temper was that of raving fury; but what could we do? Should we, then, have sent the man an evasive answer , This may do, but then it will depend on the servant what that answer shall be. A gentleman in Ireland told his servant to give a dreaded visitor an evasive answer. In the course of the afternoon, seeing Pat chuckling inordi nately, he enquired what the fan was, and learned that it was the patness of Pat's evasive answer. " I tould him," | aaid Pat, exploding, "that his grand " mother was a monkey, an' I slammed "the door in his face." Rather too evasive, that answer, we fancy. On the whole the question is very difficult, and | the honorable way out of it is that which we heard an old Quaker gentleman take, saying gravely — " John Smith, thee talks a great deal too much, and thee j doesn't talk sense." A little of this seasoning would really be a fine addition to our conventionalities. I Then, as to the titles and epithets which are in common use among as, delicate I consciences sometimes protest against theae. Some among ub scruple at giving the title of Beverend to certain persons usually thus described. No donbt the epithet is scarcely true; the word means that wa stand in great fear of these persons, but the fact is we do not; not a bit of it. Then the perplexity becomes greater should we have to address a Very Beverend, a Bight Beverend, a Most Beverend; we do not know that Sidney Smith's suggestion that a Rural Dean ahould be a " Rather Beverend " has ever been carried out. But are we really all quaking with dread before these excellent men ? If not, why use these titles ? On the contrary, if we disuse them, where ahall we atop ? Esquire must go, in most cases, for few are they who, either in troth or in law, are esquires. Gentleman must go, in other cases, in like manner. Mister (for Master) next; how absurd to Mister people whom we would not humor by crossing the road at their bidding. Sir,-it everybody will keep in mind that it ia precisely equivalent to old fellow, being a form of senior, may be allowed to stand, the two forms of address being understood to be equally respectful. Bat we must have an end of "obedient humble "(servant" in letters, and a great many other words and gestures which (like rags and straw in packing glass) save many a regretful fracture. The whole of this hunting expedition, which has started such a lot of game, but killed nothing, will yet be useful, if it clear this in any one's mind, that an intention to deceive is the es sence of untruthfulness. It is morbid scrupulosity, therefore, to object to mere formalities which please many and hurt none. Most people enjoy having a handle to their name, and there really is no harm meant, nor done, by giving them what they wish. Very proud folks and very lowly ones may do without anyjtitle or epithet. Christina, the clever Queen of Sweden, wrote to Bayle:— " Her Majesty does not find you lacking "in due respect when you call her " simply Christina ; she has rendered " the name so illustrious that she needs "no added distinction; the most noble " and august of titles which should ac " company it can add nothing to its splen " dor." In similar self-denial John Todd, of Portsmouth, wrote to a cor respondent who had addressed him as Mr., not to do so again. The next letter came directed Esq. John's answer was to say, imperatively, that he must be ad dressed as " John Todd, without either " head or tail, Portsmouth." And the answer came so addressed exactly, to the infinite diversion of the po?tman and of John Todd's clerks, but perhaps not to the extreme satisfaction of their em ployer. There are some curious anomalies in the use of titles. The most exalted of mere subjects in the Empire, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, cannot (thanks to that Pope in petticoats, Qaeen Elizabeth) raise his spouse above simple Mrs. The Judges in Scotland are under the same misfortune. The wife of lord Balgray, for instance, lived and died Mrs. Wil liamson ; as the pair of them found to their chagrin once when a virtuous land lady ordered them out of. her house, be cause she would not have no such shame less goings-on in it. Then, what heart is so hard as not to pity a Lord Mayor of London, the greatest man in the greatest city of the greatest Empire in the world, when, if he should miss a Baronetcy or knKghthood, he must return to plain Mr.? It wonld be cruel to hint at the feelings of the Lady Mayoress in the said event. Even therein, however, an ingenious man could find consolation, as did one of these magnates when his year of office was over, and he was breaking his trouble by a sojourn in Paris ; he got on his visiting cards "feu Lord Maire de " Londres"—a small mistake, seeing that feu, though it does mean late, means that in the sense of deceased. It was very ingenious surely to take the dignity of a revenant, a ghost, for the time; and it made him very popular in Paris. After all, Paris is the grand head quarters of the crusade against conven tional titles. The men of the Commune showed how thoroughly they were at one with the men of the first revolution in their hatred of all that could pnt one man above another. A man was a citizen, a woman a citizeness ; that was all. The stripping off of all conventional titles was a troublesome I""."""; amusing, too, at times. A gentleman wanted to leave Paris when the revolution was getting the upper hand. He asked a passport, and gave his name as Monsieur le Mar quis de Saint Oyr. But the official ob jected ; •" w? have no MJcwsieuis now." "Le Marquis." " Bah ! ti?es are abo> lished." "SaintCyr,then." "Wo! no Saints now." "Oh, well, Cyr then." "Blue death, thousand thunders, no! Sire (same sound as Cyr) is what they said to Louis Capet—to behind with your Sire." "What, then, shall I call me ?" said the puzzled noble, thus kicked down a long flight of stairs, " nameless?" " Yes, that will pass. Go." Will our people ever come to this state of mind? We do not believe it. We 'sometimes hear a sneer at titles, no I doubt, but as we know the sneerew have I generally plenty to sneer at them, there is not much to dread from them. As the old poet puts it— Great fleas have little fleas Upon their backs to bite 'em. And the little fl*as have lesser fleas, And so, ad infinitum. Let any man win his spurs honorably, and we shall let him wear them plea santly; both he and the world will be the richer, both by the winning and the wearing. 