NEWCASTLE. i«» FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT The holiday folks have had remarkably fine weather for the enjoyment of the various sports provided for them by the painstaking committees appointed to superintend the different festive gatherings. Immense crowds of persons arrived in Newcastle by the trains from Maitland and Wallsend, and at 11 o'clock the city presented a most lively appearance. In a short time this multitude had divided itself according to its fancy, and the streets were almost deserted, some of the visitors proceeding to the Asylum grounds, where a grand Orange festival was held; which was a grand success ;,some visited the racecourse at Wallsend, while a large number took boat or Steamer to the flagship Rouparell to witness the Stockton Regatta. The harbour looked remarkably gay, all the vessels being more or less decorated with gaily- coloured bunting. The following is a brief account of . THE ANNUAL STOCKTON REGATTA. President, Mr. R. Young; hon. treasurer, Mr. A. J. Brown; hon. secretary, Mr. F. W. Hughes; committee, Messrs. S. Smith, J.Chilvers, T.Delahaye, J. Roper, A. Edwards, W. Tongue, J. Rae, W. J. Fraser. .First Race.-For youths under 16 years of age, pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not exceeding l8 feet overall. First prize, 20B. ; second prize,-10s. Course: From the flagship round a boat moored off the Dyke;, from thence round a boat moored off tho Smelting 'Works', and back to flagship. . ' ' , . George Hughes-Alarm-green and white ... .: John Turner-Emma- bluo and white ' .. '"..''' William Lloyd-Little Bill-blue. . . The Black Shag entered, but did not start. ,The race was a very good one. ' Little Bill gave in at Scott's Point, and the race lay between the Emma and Alarm. The latter obtained the lead, and came in a winner by a con- siderable distance. Second Race.-For all-comers of Stockton, pulling single sculls, in bona fide working watermen's skills. Sweep of 10» , with £3 added. The second boat to save his sweep, Cohnjessme as No. 1. ' . William Tongue-Curlew-blue- .. .. .. I. T.CampbeU-Hunter-white .. ,. .'.2 R. Campbell-Seagull-blue and white. ' ' >..>.' This was also a capital race, but it lay principally between Tongue and T. Campbell, the other giving in after a short pull. It was finally won by William-Tongue by two boats length. "Third'Race.-For all-comers, who have never won an advertised prize, pulling a pair of sculls in boats not exceeding l8 feet overall. First prize £3, second prize 16B, Course same as No. 1. Francis Hughes-Alarm-green and white '.,1 Peter Hill-Start-white . . ..2 Tom Stratton- Sudden Jerk-orange .. ..3 Sudden Jerk gave in after passing the buoy, but the others made a splendid, race up to the finish, Hughes cleverly winning by a length. Fourth Race.-For All-comers, pulling two pair of sculls, with coxswain, in licensed watermen's skiffs. First prize, £6 ; second prize, 20s. Course same as No. 1, twice over. Martin and Thomas Jordan-Sailor Prince-white ; coxswain, T. Ahern ., ., ., ..1 W. Tongue and A. Miner-y-Curlew-red-coxswain, A. Bruce ., .. .. .. ..2 This was the best race of the day, in which all were good ones. . The Curlew was the favourite at starting. The Hunter was entered but did not start, and the committee decided upon starting with only two competitors. The race was well contested 'throughout, and won by Sailor Prince by about four boat lengths. Fifth Race,-For Youths under 19 years,1 pulling a pair of sculls, in dingies not exceeding l8 feet overall. First §ri7e, £2 lös. ; second prize, las. Course, same as No. 1. Richjard Hughes-Catch Him if You Can-red and white ' .. .. .. " .. .. T Thomas Gilson-Long Ghost-white .. , .. 2 Hugh Carr- Ghost-blue and white .. .. 3 A good start was effected. The Alarm was entered but did not start; The Long Ghost got away first, but was soon passed by Hugh , followed closely by tho Ghost. Hugh won eventually by three lengths. , 8i4th TRace.-For All-comers, pulling ' four pair of scull» in butohtr's boats, with coxswain.' First prfze £10; . second prize 40s. Courso same as No. I, twico over, LornlBride--W. Tongue, A. Miner, P. Hill, J. Glen-. dining ; t'osswnin, H. Boyce-blue .. .. \ Spy-j-M, Jordon, T. Jordon, George Norrio, J, Norrie; coxswain, T. Ahern-white Goldtn Spur-T. Waldron, W. Wrinkor, William Lea- thern, A. Fdvraids ; coxswain, A. Bruce-red and ' nlue ,. .. .. ...-.-. 2 Thiß wns a very exciting race tbioughont. Golden Spur fot the lead, but was unable, to keep it, being soon passed y thb Spy and Lorn Bride. Tho Spy got ahoad foi some distance, but was subsequently passed by the Loin Brido. who esme in a-winner by a .do/en lengths. The course. I 'was considered almost too long1 by some present. ' I Seventh Race.-For All-oomers, who havo never won an I advertised pri'/o, pulling two pair of BOUIIS, with coxswain, in Hcenied watermen's skills. First prize £5 ; second pri/.a 20s. ¡Course same as No. 1, twice over. Blueskin-T. Cbilvcrs and ,J. Foster; coxswain, H. Boyeo-blue ..' .. .. ..1 Curíele- H. Carr and Charle* Gilson; coxswain, T. ' ' Bruce-bluo and white .. .. .. 2 Bdithj-Gcorge Forster and William Lcatham; co\ B>ain, T. Ahorn-white Hunter-J. Norrie and T. Stratton ; coxswain, E. Camp- bell-orango and purple. A splendid contest all the way. Edith and 'Hunter gave in after the first round. Blueskin and Curlew kept almost together the whele way. Towards the dose Blueskin put on a sturt and won by two lengths. - Eighth Race.-Dingle* under canvas, not exceeding l8 feet oVerall, First prize, £6 ; second prize, 40s. Courso : From Flagship round a boat moored off the dyke, round the beacon off the shoots, round tho blaok buoy, and from thence] to Flagship, twico over ; to leave all buoy* and beacons as directed. W. Rinker-Bound to duok 'em ,. .. .. 1 8\. Smih-Meg.Merrilles ..2 A. Young-Annie.. .. .. .. ..3 . Rinker was declared the winner, but the other* entered k protest} there having been some doubt as to the course tsken in the raee. ' The koorta concluded with, a tub race, a gig and dingy race, aid running on the greasy pole. The result was very 'successful in every point of view. There wa* a lunoheon on boam the Flagship at 2 o'clock, prodded over by Cap I tain Eifidbcry of the Rouparell, at which the usual toasts i were «Wen and ably responded to. Tho «ports terminated at 7 o?rïock.( . 'Tim¡SUICIDE AT TUB GI.EIIB.-An inquest wa* held | on Saturday before the district coronar, llr. F. T. Shaw, at the Globe, on the bodyvof Catherine Gall, who corni I mitted suicido ara Christmas Day last, by outting hei t throat with a ditincr knife. The jury returned a verdict) 1 of" Temporary insanity.'' n , \ ' Excunsion,-There was an exoumon up the river by \ 'the Tarra Tarra («,) ; on hor return she ran on the Flats, \ and remained fast all night. The Yamba, Aquarius, and \ Rapid went up during the night and brought the ex our- V sioniste to Newcastle. \ December 28. S 