, patents., 7.v. : 1835\. "arexahder Braid and James 'Cham bers/ " A"' machine for grinding Cr rubbihgtho 'surface of stone; :inarbky serpentine, or otAeif- iniuerals thatrequire to be got .toJa facejOr spr- facei" "A circular, cast iro.n plate or table.;rcv.olyes'; on anhprigbt 'Bpihdlo'. ' This adtk in cpnnciion; with';a 'trUvellihg -carriago or'trUck 'Aoldin'g the material -to rbe-; acted- upon,: Gth Ocfaber, . 1373.rf.Wot;granted.) , .. n i . ; . ' 1839,"' WAiilAaf EdwIAd Entis, 'Ah'ihyiSiii<Hi'« ' for the' matftifacbure of all kinds. of rriusliii; jabo- . .net Bilk,:aiullace frilliuga/ ruffles; ' ancb(piuiting3. used fox, ladies'. "trimmings, Jby,apjapparaSiU|. af-. tached'fb ah. ordinary, Whcbx and .Gibbs"sav/ihg- reacliine' far- dny "other ''siaglc-thrc-a'd sewing-. :'t machines constrdcted qa (that ,prinoip!o)." Ap- , " i?--K additionaT'propellcr is used,' which movc3 the part' to be raffled ' through a greater distance than the tape to which the ruffle is to be at tached is moved by the ordinary propeller. The tape or band ' is attached to the ruffle by tho peedle passing through both as in ordinary sewing-machine work. 20th October, 1373. (Not granted.) 1810\. James Moeller Robertson, "Improve ments in manufacturing artificial stone." A mixture of sand, grave, shingle, glass, burnt clay, &c.;, is triturated with water, haying either a chloride, bromide iodide, or fluoride m solu tion. The mas3 is then impregnated with hydraulic cements, which are added in dry powders. Portions are then placed in moulds ana subjected to suitable pressure. The blocks thus formed are subsequently placed on moist sand to dry and harden. 21st October, 1873, (Not granted. 1813\. Robert Allav, " A safety apparatus for mining cages." Four catching levers are attached, two on either side of .the cage next to the skid. These are fitted to a stud or axle at or near the outer corners of the cage by the one end, whilst the other ends point towards tho centre and nearly meet. Two other lifting levers are also fixed to the central bar, and Teach from the centre to the top. Th9 outer ends of .these levers arAdivirlArU intn twfl Tirrmfts. A fmrinp ka&Tia; the Rouble end in a horizontal position. AVhcn fully expanded the single ends of these levers pass eacn' >other in the centre through an oblong hole in a blook, working in a slide at the top of the cage to which the shackle is attached. In case' the 'rope breaks the springs are liberated, the ;, heels, of the levers como in contact with the skid, and the cage is brought to a dead stop/ 28rd October, 1873, (Not granted.) ; .' 1819. Jamb3 Marten, " An improved method of and apparatus for binding; to be attached to reaping machines." A main driving shaft is placed above an endless travelling platform. On the framing Are two. toothed whfeel?, glaring into two other toothed/wheels. These two last oto placed opposite each other, and connected by a bar revolving on the driving shaft. A connecting rod proceeds from the axle of each wheel to the spindle of a pinion gearing on to the teeth, on its periphery. Another connecting rod proceeds from the Rpindle to the axle of a cradle pushed forward by a spring. The cradles resemble hay rakes. At a convenient height above the apparatus described are two semicircular presser oars, AB -the main Bhaft revolves it carries with it . the two cradles, which as they approach the travelling platform, gather up tne cut grain thereon; A band -is passed round the sheaf, moulded by the presser bars,- and the perfect sheaf is discharged from the machine. 11th November, 1873. (Not. granted.) TouaHEurao'GniiD.— The most-effectual process, yet discovered to toughen- brittle gold is by siha- ' -ply passing chlorine through, the molten: metal. By' following this'method a saving of one-half in ,the amountofgold usually set aside each year as 'unfit'fOT-wm-Mng wiR-leeffected. r Spirit PnOTOORAEns.— A curious spiritual istic revelation is given by a transatlantic scien tific contemporary The spirit photographs which pass current among credulous spiritualists far genuine ghosts of the departed are produced in various ivays. The latest and most scientific ' method is oa "follows : — Tho plain background screen, before which the Bitter is placed in order to have his portrait taken, is to bopain ted before- hand with the 'form of the desired spirit, tho paint being composed of some solution ofsulphate of .quinine. "When thiB painting dries onthe screen it is invisible to the eye ; but it sends out rays that have power to impress the photo plate, and thus the image of ; tho person, together wifh the/quinine ghost, are simultaneously developed upon the negative." A new souRCB-oP Yanilla. — A Scotch pauper lunatic who holievel himself to be a millionaire used to describe with much gusto the costly viands dajly prepared for , him and served i>n gold plato, adding that he could not understand why' they all tasted of oatmeal, A similar ob jection might be made -to the confectionery of the present day, owing to the extent to which! it is pervaded by a flavor bf vanilla, The propen sity tb'give the public' father too much of this good 'thing wifl he. increased ; by a discovery which, .according to the Scotsman, has been made in Dr. : Hoffmann's laboratory at Berlin, and is published by that journal as especially in teresting to-the possessors of fir-trees, of which there are many - in Scotland. GThere is, it .ap pears, in the juice of fir-trees, between the wopd and '.the barj,. a crystalline substance called CQnifeni, a glucoside, as' chemists call it, which ; Whgu acted upon by oxydising agencies is easuy converted to -vanilun, the -coeinical principle jof VaniUa. As a few - ains of this vpiillin will flavor'at least a" dozen ! ice-puddings, ahd;the juice of an ordinary sized fbstree conmns ehough conifcrn to.make five guineas' worth bf vanillin, it' is evident that Scotland' can supply all , our "pastry-cooks with this article without .gfeatJy diminishing tho forests pf fir now about to clothe her hills with the boat delicate of vernal green. '—PallJifaU Qazette." Utidisatxon pe WAsm-rOfa the -recent pcion- tific Droce8sea for the ultilisation of waste, ihtho : opinion of the Globe, none are more important or morebeautiful than those by which the coal-;tpr dyes are produced; A subsianco which was S6mo dozen years ago a nuisance and a mere hindrance in tho way of gas manufactures has, by the results of pure, scientific research, become an important source of wealtb. In apaper read at the Society !of Arts, by Dr. Yersmann, an interesting 'sketch' vyas given of thc origin apd developm'ent of thmndustry. . It. was in '1856 the; fiirst'of the dyes was brought .into, . notice— the ho, w , weR- known mauve.- In -1859 this was followed % magenta; and these two colors were the parents of a host of purples reds and browns, now in qni- ' versaruso. As"yef 'hp other! shades than these hayb been .prtiducet! oi£ a'cominefcial scalo.;; A German ghqihist. has- succeeded- iii producing 'a. beautiful bine (dye, but as the estimated cost qf this is about ASQCLa . pound, .spms.improvementsV in the process of its manufacture are yet required. Of the amount L:o"f raW> ima'terlal- rea'dy for our chemists some - idea, -may be formed from the statement that the nine London gas. works alone convert about one'and a half million- tons'of coal iu to . gas yearly, and produce in so -donig about twelve; miifioh. gallo.ns of tari: Whether' tne-old madder 'trade" will.' he 'destroyed by 'the nev/ dyes remains to bo seen. -At present the madder-growers In southern France are endeavoring, to improve their product; in the hope that the vegetable may , yet hold its own against the mineral. . 