THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, October 27. The Pbesodkbt took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PKTPTTnxs The Hen. P. SANIu presented petitions from 111 persons in Adelaide, from 10 persons in Wil lunga, and 16 in Gilles Plaina, praying that the Council would not agree to the clauses in the rnmogeniture Bui altering or repealing portions of the Real Property Act. Beceived and read, and ordered to be printed. PRINTING COMMITTEE. The twelfth report was thought up and adopted. TREASON AND FELONY FOKFEITUEE BILL. Returned from the House of Assembly, the amendments made by the Council having been agreed to. PUBLIC PURPOSES LOAN BILL Bead a third time and passed. PAPERS. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. 'W. Everard) laid on the table Customi Returns for quarter ending September 30.1874. Corporation of Adelaide By-Law 41. THE LAND BILL. The^X»LWLKSIOSEB of CROWN LAND3 (Hon. W. Everard), in moving the second reading of the Bill, said its first and probably most impor tant provision was contained in clause 2, which provided for the abolition of the line known as Gojder's rainfall, within which alone land could be sold. Most of them were aware that a very large proportion of the cultivatable land within that line had already been alienated. The time had now arrived when land must be surveyed further north if the5 would provide fair agricul tarsi land for settlers. If proof of that were needed it was afforded by Parliamentary Paper Wo. 239, where the Surveyor-General Etated tha: when the [twelve new hundreds divided in the ?chedule had been proclaimed the total area within hundreds would be l-2,«)7r,7tW acres. 'The last twelve hundreds,' he said, 'comprise all avail able land between the south end of Vorke's Penin sula and the limit of the first schedule northward. Of the 4.0O0.C0O remaining unsurveyed within existing hundreds about one-tenth is fair agricul tural land in small patches, of which about 25.000 acres is of better quality ; the remainder is inferior, and at least half scrub or heath, and in its present state forming but poor pasture.' Mr. Goyder went onto say— 'Of the twelve new hundreds now in course of survey one-sixth is fair agricultural land, a third of inferior quality, and the remainder Ecrabby. and only fit for pasture until cleared.' Those twelve new hundreds had been proclaimed and a considerable portion of the land sur yeyed. The Surveyor- General went on to remark : — ' Beyond the limit of the first schedule, from Melrose northward and north-easterly, the land. except in the ranges, is mostly good agricultural ?oil; its extent is very great, but the rainfall hitherto has not been reliable- (Hear, hear, and laughter}— the result of farming eperations of such land is therefore very doubtful. Should the first ?chedule be abolished, and this land be brought under survey, its nature and the absence of obstructions to the sectional surveyor, will enable large areas to be made speedily available for ?election.' Now if they considered that report they must admit that the amount of agricultural land now available south of the line of rainfall was very ?mall indeed, and that the time had arrived for the abolition of the artificial line of non falL so that the surveyois might go to work wherever agricultural land might be found. Another clause of the Bdl provided (or the definition of suburban land, about which there had been some difference of opinion. The next important provision was a reduction in the upset price of land from £2 to £1 an acre. That was certainly a very considerable alteration— (Hear, hear)— but he thought it was justiticl. inas much as land that would be surveyed in the future was situated at a much greater distance from Ade laide or a market than land which had already toeen offered ; and moreover if there were competi tion the land would fetch iU real value. If there should be any difference of opinion as to the pro priety of offering land at £1 an acre hon. members would do well to recollect that for years any land that passed the hammer might be taken up with out conditions at £1 per acre— (Mr. Duflield— ' For csah'^therefore we were only now going back to that which obtained many years ago. (Mr. Duflield — ' Oh.') The next alteration was that instead of remaining open one year land was to be allowed to remain open for two years for selection before being submitted to auction. He thought little exception could be taken to that, inasmuch as by the extension of the survey staff a very considerable amount of land would be opened at once, and even after Eelectors had had the run of it for two years there would still be a considerable quantity of good land available to purchasers ifor cash. (Oh and laughter.) A code of rules was provided, by which in case of more than one application for the same land priority should be decided. There might be Borne difference of opinion with regard to them, which could be corsidered in Committee. There were one or two other improvements pro vided which experience in the working of the present Act had suggested. Clause 13. provided that agreements might be surrendered in certain cases. There were frequently instances in which eelectors. having taken land, t found they had made a mistake ic the number, or for some reason or other were ready and willing and anxious to abandon their selection. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The present law made no provision for that except by forfeiture of the deposit, and then the person was not able to select again for two years. Sundry cases of undoubted hardship had arisen under that, and it would be exceedingly useful, whoever the Commissioner of Crown Lands might be, that he should have such a power as was here proposed. Clause 14 would also be found very useful, enabling the conditions of cultivation to be relaxed in cer tain cases, bo that where a man could not by reason of the time of year or other cause cultivate two fifths during the second year one-fifth might be permitted to suffice. The Bill also provided stringent regulations with a view of checking dummyism, and bringing those persona who were dummies themselves or employed dummies to justice. He considered, although considerable discretion ought to be in the power of the Commissioner, that such matters would be much better determined in open Court He had touched upon the main principles of the measure. He thought most of them would be found to be im provement* upon the present Act, particularly the one alluded to first, which was ab^olu'dy requisite, in order that the Commissioner of Crown Lan-JU might have greater scope and a larger area within which the Burveyers could be set to work; otherwise ?electors could not reasonably hope co obtain land which. they could bring under cultivation with any prospect of success. The Hen. T. HOGARTH said this was a very important Bill, and he thought as hon. members perhaps had been busy locking into other measures of great importance they ought to have another week before they gave an opinion on this subject He therefore moved that the debate he adjourned till that day week. They would then perhaps be better able to give an opinion. The motion for adjournment was declared negatived. The Hon. T. HOGARTH called for a division :- Ayes. $*— Sir H. Avers Messrs. Dutfield, Crozier, Dunn, Morgan, Murray, Santo, Storrie, and Hogarth (teller). Nobs. 6-Messrs. Elder. English. Hay, Tarlton, Sandover, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). Majority of 3 for the Ayes. DAMAGES COMPENSATION BILL. . Second reading. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LAN03 (Hon. W. Everard) moved that this Bill be real a second time. At present if an action was brought against the Goverment for an accident sustaiied on the railway the maxim that the Queen «u!d do no wrong was pleaded. This Bill would remedy that state of things, acd do away with the ad mixricordiam. applications to the Home of Assembly which they had witnessed. In fact, the Government would be placed m exactly the saoie position as private persons. He thought damages would be much more likely to be fair!y appor tioned by such means, and hoped there would bs no opposition to the BilL Sir H. AYERS was surprised that such a Bill should have been introduced by the Governrnsnf, as there was nothing to compel them to plead the maxim the Commissioner bai referred to. He had had the honour of being in office, and so had Mr. Santo, as Commissioner of Public Works, and he uadertook to say that he never suggested that any ^^h plea should be set up. It was the Government *ho first raised a ghost, and then asked the Parliament to pass a Bill to lay it. Of course wnen the Government entered into the business of common carriers they mnst be bound by every principle of morality and justice to make good any J°? J^^ned through their negligence, and it renecteu no credit upon any Government that in men a case they set up the plea that the Uueen could do no wrong, if jt was understood that the wwemment said they could not do a just thin* ofvnFf? of Parliament, then let them piss Uus^lJUi, But otherwise there was no necessity St£M;j?^ '^Ported the second reading. as he thought the Bill was a good one ; and although £ ?^n^ fa absolutely necessary, they kn3 * that injustice had been done to the public through *^8 £ ™^°t£0' Assembly which hal L ^V)™J^tw9wouldenat-lethe Govern men^M^f^LGffe.rs of compensation as they considered *^™d ^persons objected they had ?J*'?.!^ £ 7£ w?8ht £at the Government ahould be m the position of being able to plead that the Queen can do no wrong. The Hon. W. MORGAN also supported the BilL He did not at all agree with Si ELAyiw who said the Government should do justly without such a BilL It was not so easy to do justly with a popular House of Assembly. Supp:se a popular member brought forward a case, he often moved the sentiments of hon. members and got what strict justice would not have awarded. He agreed with the Bill, and hoped it would be passed without amendment. The Hon. W. STOKKIE said if the Government had taken the proper view of cases— the view which almost the entire colony would have taken— the Bill would not have been required; but seeing they bad a Government who had pleaded that the Queen could do no wrong in such cases, he thought they should pass the Bill. Certainly persons had suffered wrong through the Government declining to give them compensation, and when this Act was passed that would not occur. The Hon. R. A. TARLTON should support the second leading, as it was a decided improvement on the present condition of things. He believed if such things were to be decided as at present neither this Government nor any other, even though presided over by Michael the arch angel, with all the cherubim and seraphim in Council, would be able to satisfy the wants of some members. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard) said this Bill would leave it open to the Government to tender to persons injured that amount which they considered just; but the difference would be that they could say that if they were not satisfied with that there was the legal remedy open to them. He was surprised at the remarks of the Hon. Mr. Storrie. That hon. gen tleman might some day find himself in the position of having to seek the opinion of the law officer of the Crown, and he would then be glad of such a Bill as this to put the matter on its proper footing. The motion was carried and the Bill read a second time. , , , Clause 1 was passed with a verbal amendment. Clauses 2 to 5 were passed. Clause 6. Claims to be paid ont of General Bevenue. Ob the motion of 8ir H. AYERS the words 'any available balance of 'before 'revenue' were struck out. With other verbal amendments the clause was passed. .: Clause 7 was struck out on the ground that it was unnecessary. The preamble and title were formally amended and passed. Clause 1 was recommitted and verbally amended. The Council resumed, the report was brought up and agreed to, and the third reading made an Order for next day. ABOLITION OF PRIMOGENITURE BILL. In Committee. Postponed clause 14. Child taking real estate by gift or otherwise from deceased ancestor to bring same into hotchpot. Sir H. AVERS, as the definition of the distribu tion had been inserted, thought this clause was unnecessary, and moved that it be struck out. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LAND3 (Bon. W. Everard) agreed. He had intended pro poEiDg that it be struck out since the insertion of the words of the Distribution Statute. The Hon. W. bTOKKIE was glad the hon. gentleman had at last come to the same conclusion as himself. The Bill was reconsidered, and in clauses 7 and 13 several formal amendments were made. The Hon. P. SANTO proposed that clauses 47 and 48 be struck out. Those clauses repealed the mode of transfer provided by the Real Property Act, and compelled every personal representative to obtain probate or letters of administration from the Supreme Court The present system had worked well, but in future, however clear the title niinht be, the representative would not be able to get the property transferred without going through an expensive process in the Supreme Court. The feeling outside was becoming very strong upon the subject, as evidenced by the petitions he had presented, and he hoped the Council would not allow that system which at present gave very great satisfaction to be repealed and a very expensive process substituted. The clause was put and declared negatived. Ates, 2-Messrs. Morgan and Kverard (teller). Noes, 10— Messrs. Crozier, Duffield, Dunn, Hay, Hojtartb. Murray, Sandover, Storrie, Tarlton, and Ajers (teller). Majority of 8 for the Noes. Clause 4S. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard) said of course that would now have to be struck out, but be would say it was a material alteration of the Bill, which had been drawn partly to meet difficulties which had arisen in connection with the Keal Property Act. The clause was struck out. Clause 52 was verbally amended and passed. The preamble and title were passed. The Council resumed, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again next day. Council adjourned at 3 43 till next day at 2. ♦ HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, October 27. The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITION. Mr. HUGHES presented a petition from 60 residents at Weaner's Flat, praying for the declara tion of Weaner's Flat as a polling-place. SELECTION OF LAND. Mr. CARE wished to call the attention of the Government to a matter of considerable impor tance, and in order to put himself in order would move that the House at its rising adjourn till half past 1 o'clock next day. He pointed out the diffi culty farmers wishing to take up land experienced in obtaining information regarding land selected and not selected. The unfortunate system of opening lands in small blocks in various places had, he thought, led to inexplicable confusion as far as farmers were concerned. He held in his band a litur, the statements in which he had no reason to doubt. It stated:— 'I make bold to thus write to you, hoping you will make enquiry why a list cannot be furnished with a map or plan, or why should not the local Post-Offices be fur nished with ILts. corrected monthly or other wise, so that would-be selectors should have every chance of obtaining land given them.' The writer went on to say that many more like himself would have to go to Victoria, where they could without difficulty take up 320 acres. He knew that there was great difficulty, as Mr. Ingli3 said. He took the trouble some time ago to obtain some information about lands open for (?election. He paid a shilling for a plan of the Hundred of Appila and another shilling to have the lands which were sold coloured, but even then he did not get the information he wanted. Living at Narracoorte it was no easy matter for Mr. Inglis to come to Adelaide, and even if he employed a land agent that wou'd not settle the difficulty. What was wanted was a map to give information to intending selectors, so that they might tee what lands were really open and at what price -something like the lists which used to be placed in every Post-Office. Even if a complete list were not published some list should be made available to the settlers in the South-Eaat. Mr. BOOTHBY waB obliged to the hon. member for bringing forward a complaint from one of his (Mr. Boothby's) constituents, but be (lid not under stand why he had not communicated with his own representative. He had always been able to find from the maps on the waUs and from the clerks what land was open and what was not. Plans used to be shown in the Court-Houses of lands which had passed the hammer and were open for selection at £1 per acre, but that was before the present Land Act was passed. Now the land fell every week in price, and it would be a matter of difficulty to send out information to the country districts. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said that after the statement the hon. member for Noarlunga had made he would make another visit to the Land Office, and see if there was any reason to complain of information not being given to persons applying for it. in reference to the lists exhibited some years ago of lands that bad passed the hammer, they were Bhown when the circum stances were as diametrically opposed to those now in force as possible. An unusually large quantity of land bad passed the hammer. The Government were anxious to sell it, and they sent lists round to induce people to purchase it. He did not think the expense of Is. the hon. member spoke of for pur chasing a map at all excessive. That would be a small charge for any map, he should consider. He would say from what he knew of the residents of the District of Victoria that they were very much altered if they had given up the wholesome practice of writing to their members for every con ceivable purpose. An esteemed relative of his once sat for that district, and the great files of letters he received were quite pleasant to look at. He was aware that there were some peoDle who had a difficulty in understanding the most ordinary rules and regulations. If there was anything that could be done in the Land Office to afford greater information he would be happy to do it, but he would promise to exhibit lists of selections in the Post-Offices unless he found that there was great inconvenience in doing it He hoped Mr. Can would furnish him with the con tents of the letter he had received privately, and lie would see that there was no difficulty in persons of ordinary intelligence obtaining all information. Mr. PEARCE rose to speak. Mr. SOLOMON objected to the discussion. The SPEAKER then ruled that the deba'e, being without notice, could not proceed. PUBLIC PURPOSES LOAN BILL Returned from the Legislative Council wit'ioit amendment ^^ The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) laid on the table- . Paper showing the proposed expenditure on harbours during the next year, prepared by the Marine Board. Customs Betinu for the quarter ending 39th September. 1S71 The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A Blyth) hud on the table— ...... Proposed By-laws Corporation of Adelaide. All the papers were ordered to be printed. MAIL FROM W1LLUNGA TO PORT ELLIOT. Mr. CARR said that last year a motion was carried affirming the desirability of establishing a mail between Port Elliot and Willunga. It had been established but discontinued. He asked why it had been discontinued. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said that the resolution of the House fixed a price. He had advertised several times, but had been unable to make a contract within the limit. He believed tenders were being advertised for again. SUSPENSION OF THE STANDING ORDERS. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blytb) moved the suspension of the Standing Orders to enable him to bring on several Bills which had lapsed, and which he had given notice to have reinstated next day. Mr. CARR said, as a member of the Opposition that was often called factious, he might Bay that he had great pleasure on this occasion in showing that he was not a member of the factious Opposi tion. (Laughter, acd 'It is too late.') He was glad that there was a sufficient number of members n the House to accomplish the purpose of the Ministry. Mr. BOUCAUT thought it was very unkind of some voices to say it was too late of his hon. friend to state thmt he was not in factious oppo sition, because if he opposed the motion it could not be passed. He would not oppose the motion, although if Mr. Carr had objected to what wag said he would have gone with him. No doubt the words used were intended to influence the hop. member, but perhaps they might influence him in a way tot intended. The motion was carried. ? THE TORRENS VALLEY RAILWAY ROUTE. Mr. PEARCE, for Mr. Ward, asked :-'l. At what point on the Torrens Valley Railway route does the gradient of 1 in 50 occur, and for what dis tance? 2. Can it be modified?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. fl. E. Bright) replied:— 'Gradients on line as surveyed— 1 in 48 from 11 m. 62 c to 13 m. 24 c. =1 m. 42 c; 1 in 52 from 38 m. 28 c. to 39 m. 3i c. =1 m. 11 c; 1 in 50 from 45 m. 3Uc. to 48 ra.=2 m. 50 c. ; 1 in 53 from 50 m. 32 c. to 52 m.=»l m. 43 c. —6 m. 71 c, or nearly 7 miles. The total length of gradients which require modifying will be 16} miles. If the jrradients on the Torrens Valley route are modified to 1 in 82 ascending from the Murray, and 1 in 66 ascending from Adelaide, it would necessitate the crossing of many deep gullies, and would cause the line to enter the Murray Flat at a greater distance from the river, the cost of the line would be much increased, and the line lengthened about 10 or 12 miles. WATER SUPPLY FOR WALKERVTLLE. Mr. CAVENAGH asked ' when will the water be laid on at Upper Walkerville.' As the summer was coming on his constituents were very anxious to have the water laid on bo that they should not be compelled to go to the Torrens. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) replied:— 'The water will be laid on within the time that will expire before the Act authorizing the extension of the supply to Walkerville comes into operation, viz., January 1 lHC J1 PRINTING PETITION. Mr. HUGHES moved 'That Petition No. 351, presented on October 23, from settlers at Ardrossan, be printed.' Carried. INTERCOLONIAL FREE TRADE BILL. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved 'That the consideration of the Intercolonial Free Trade Bill in Committee be now resumed.' He supposed he need not make any remarks, as there would be no opposition. Mr. BOUCAUT said there would be opposition, and he thought the best way of dealing with this subject now would be to let it alone for this session. It would be likely to lead to a great deal of discus sion both in and out of doors. The motion was carried. In Committee, The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) pointed out that hon. members were about to divide on the question of the insertion of the schedule when the House counted out Mr. BRAY said the division was called for and the tellers appointed, and he presumed, if they commenced business where they left off, the divi sion would be then taken. The SPEAKER ruled that there was no division. Mr. SOLOMON pointed out that he had recom mended the adoption of a proviso as follows :— 'Provided that no such agreement shall take effect until the same has been laid before Parliament 30 days.' He thought every care should oe taken not to enter into any agreement with any of the other colonies that might be inimical to the interests of South Australia, who he believed in this matter bad more to lose than she had to gain. The Trea surer told them the other colonies were prepared to deal with us on the basis of this Bill; but he thought the Parliament ought first to be in a posi tion to say whether they could acquiesce in the agreement proposed, or whether they would have to object to it. He had pointed out that our revene from spirits amounted to £50.000 or £G0.000, and that Queensland, one of the colonies with whom it was proposed to make this agreement, was engaged hugely in the manufacture of spirits and sugar, and that therefore to admit spirits or sugar would result in a great lots to the revenue. He noticed that 'Hansard' quoted him as saying previously that our yearly consumption of sugar was 500 tons instead of £5,000, and our loss in the revenue .£1,500 msteed of £15,000. He saw now that he was below the mark, and that there would be a loss of £17,000 or £18,000 on sugar. He would like to know how the Treasurer would make up for such losses. The Bill might do a little good, but he believed it would do more barm; and he agreed with Mr. Boucaut that before the House oommitted itself to any arrangement it should have more time for consideration. He was a thorough Free trader, he might say the oldest Freetrader in the colony, and the publication of letters 15 or 16 years ago, he thought, would show that he under stood the subject. This Bill, however, did not mean free trade. It would benefit the other colonies to the disadvantage of South Australia. The Treasurer had not said whether Victoria would join in the agreement; but he didnot think they would, for within the past few weeks they had placed an extra Bhilling duty on wines, raising it from 3s. to 4s. He wished the question of free trade was more understood by the public journals and by the public generaliy. He was afraid the Treasurer did not thoroughly understand the question. (Laughter.) He maintained that free trade was the throwing open of all the ports of the colonies, aid sweeping away the Customs; but he contended that Victoria could not afford to do that. He did not know but what New South Wale*, Queensland, and New Zealand might join. Queensland received our wheat simply because she could not grow it herself, and he maintained that to unite with that colony, and aJmit her sugar and spirits, would not be good policy. Kum was manufactured in large quantities there, and was equal to the rum from the West Indies except that it required age. what had they to gain by uniting with New Zealand? Timber we could not Bhip to them; and what could we Bhip to Tasmania? (Mr. Angas— ' Winea.'') Not with any profit to ourselves. There they were manufacturing beautiful wines from other fruits. If the Treasurer was prepared to accept the proviso he should not oppose the Bill, but he thought time should be given for con sideration as to whether it was wise to enter into such an arrangement as was proposed. He did not call this free trade. If they were to have free trade let them go the whole hog, to use a vulgar phrase. He did not consider it free trade recipro city not to protect our own manufactures, but throw open our Customs and admit goods from the other colonies that had been imported from other parts of the world. Mr. BOUCAUT enquired whether the Treasurer had received any communication from the other colonies. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said he had received communications from the Govern ments of New Zealand, Queensland, and Tas mania, all of whom were ready and willing to enter into an agreement with South Australia as pro posed in the Bill. Mr. BOUCAUT thought if the communications had not been read to the House the Treasurer should indicate what was the nature of them, as it appeared to him that hon. members were called upon to legislate in the dark. Mr. CAKK thought this was one of the best measures that the Government had brought for ward. He disagreed with Sir. Solomon that it was not reciprocity. The Bill proposed to make arrangements based on the principles of reciprocity, and he thought the darkest Bhade in connection with the trade of the Australias was the jealousies which existed. How were they ever to become a great nation, as members so often talked about if they sought to. sequestrate themselves as much as possible from one another. He thought such was the case with the Australian Colonies in connection with intercolonial protective tariffs. It was the same with regard to Canada and the United States until the United States were glad to ask them to unite in a reciprocity of tariffs, and he was sure that Victoria, although Blow to learn, would benefit by such an arrangement There was no doubt that South Australia had suffered greatly through the disadvantages under which she was placed, and that fact would induce him to support anything in the way of intercolonial free trade. If it were not for the duty placed upon South Australian wheat and flour South Australia would be the granary of the colonies. He thought it was far more important to foster the agricultural interests than that of tinkers and tailors, although inlying that he did not wish to speak disrespectfully. What was reciprocity but free trade? After Cobden carried free trade in England he grappled with inter national difficulties between France and England, ahqwed France the advantage of coming under reciprocity, and did great good to both nations, In this matter he was entirely with the Govern ment and viewed it with special favour, as the great difficulty they would have to grapple with if they had an abundant harvest woull be where they were to get a market for their aurpluo. He should help the Government in making arrange ments to repress the great nuisance of protective tariffs. Mr. HUGHES said Mr. Carr had spoken against protection as he called it ud talked about free rade and reciprocity, and said that no land could be anything with protection. He asked the hon. member what would England and America have been bat for their protective tariffs ? Did he under stand that Victoria indicated any wish to join South Australia in this matter? (The Treasurer— 'No.') He was not surprised at it What were we to give New South Wales in return for her tobacco, and Victoria placed heavy duties on our wheat and wines. He thought it was a matter of vital importance to consider whether South Aus tralia would not lose more than she could gain by such an arrangement. If any agreement could * entered into putting the colonies on a fair footing he should support it, but he did not desire to see one colony Raining upon the other's loss. Mr. BRAY said he had moved an amendment, but if the Treasurer would agree to the proviso pro posed by Mr. Solomon he would withdraw it He thought in the way they were considering the question of allowing certain goods from the other colonies to come in duty free the/ wen throwing upon the Government what ought to be done by the Parliament who, he thought ought to fix the articles on which duties were to be exceptei He thought the House ahould have further time to consider whether it would be wise to enter into such an arrangement as was proposed. He agreed with Mr. Boucaut that the House was, in the absence of the correspondence between the several colonies, being called upon to act very much in the dark. Mr. ANGAS regretted that the BUI had not been considered at an earlier period of the session, so that they might have had more time to consider so important a matter; and while he believed that contracts should be entered into as desired, he hoped that the Treasurer would afford the House some more information, and that he would be able to indicate such a policy as would induce the Par liament to give him power to enter into agreements with the other colonies. And if Victoria did not now join in the movement perhaps she would join when the other colonies commenced the arrange ment. He thought it well that the Parliament should have a voice in the matter, as otherwise the power placed in the hands of the Government would be very great The reduction of the period of notice from 12 months to six was a rede -ming feature. He hoped that the Treasurer would indi cate the nature of the communications he had had from the other colonies, and thought thu experi ment should be tried without delay. Mr. SMITH feared that the schedule proposed would very much hamper the Government, and had an amendment to p. opose which he thought should meet the case, to insert after the word 'pro- duce' the words 'of any of the said colonies, and of hll articles manufactured in any of the said colonies from the natural products thereof.' Mr. Solomon had said we would lose by Queensland sending us sugar free, but we would have to give and take. He feared that owing to the cost of labour Queens land for many years would not be able to compete with the Mauritius in the article of sugar. Mr. WEST- ERSKINE was glad to support the measure, and understood that the Treasurer had premised that tobacco and spirits should be ex cluded from the operation of the BilL In reference to the New South Wales tobacco, he thought its badness would prevent the market from being flooded with it for sorce time. Reference had been made to the superiority of America for iron ; but that, as in the case of the Sweedish iron, arose from the smelting being done with charcoal instead of coal, as the iron was much tougher when smelted with charcoal. America, he thought, flourished not by reason of, but in spite of protection. He did not see how this matter could be properly dealt with by a schedule, as new industries would rise after one was agreed to as was now the case. The opposi tion to this now appeared to be very like that which was made a few years ago by a person named Demetrius, a silversmith, against a gentle man named Paul. He had the utmost confidence in the ability of the Treasurer to carry out the Bill. Mr. BOUCAUT was near dividing the House on the motion for going into Committee, as he did not like much that was in the BilL He thought that the Treasurer was now willing to strike out of the fifth line the words 'articles imported into those colonies.' iThe Treasurer —'No.') He wished to say that he did not think that a Government would be so foolish as to make a bargain which would be opposed to the interests of the colony, and the Bill of itself had his approval, a3 it was quite innocuous, the whole danger being possible in the administration of it. His vote on the ques tion befcre the Committee would be given by what was done with the next clause, and as the Trea surer had agreed to reduce the period there stated from twelve months to six he thought that should be agreed to, and that the Government should not be asked to submit their negotiations to Parlia ment. If they did, bargains with the other colonies could not be effected as advantaceously as if the matter were left in the hands of the ixoveruinent. If a disadvantageous bargain wax made there would at any rate be only six months of it. He did not believe in the words being retained referring to articles imported into other colonies, and would perhaps move at a future time to have them excised. But be thought no evil could be done by the Bill being passed. Mr. PICKERING was sorry that the Bill was not withdrawn, as he did not think it absolutely necessaty to press it now. He did not think our case was a parallel one with that mentioned by Mr. West Erskine of Paul and Demetrius. But there were rising industries in the colony which, under a Bill like this, would suffer by the injudicious opera tion of a cfree- trade Treasurer. He did not think there was any necessity to be afraid about finding a market for our wheat. If the Victorians had not enough otherwise they would have it and if they had enough they would not have it. If we now had a small duty on Queensland sugar we had to pay a duty upon our wheat entering there. (Mr. Solomon—' Sixpence a busheL') He did not wish to look at this matter from a narrow-minded point of view, but thought at the same time that the other colonies should not be allowed to have an undue advantage over us, and hoped that if the Bill was carried the Treasurer would accept Mr. Smith's amendment. Mr. SOLOMON thought Mr. Carr. before speak ing of the advantages of treaties, should have mado himself a little better acquainted with the subject and alleged that Mr. Cobden, when he made the treaty with Fran e, had fallen into one grand mis take in not insisting that English vessels should have the right of entry into French ports as well as French vessels having that right in regard to English ports. The consequence was, as those in business knew, that no sugar came here from Reunion in any but French bottoms. The TREASURER (Bon. L. Glyde) was rather taken by surprise at the manner in which this matter had been opposed by certain hon, members, not as a party matter, but as a national question. When the Bill was brought forward two years ago no mention was made of the schedule, and the Parliament seemed to think it unwise to tie up the hands of the Government by uniting one to the Bill. He would have no objection to shorten the term of notice from 12 months to six, and that would give the Parliament a chance of objecting to agreements made, and reversing them without much loss of time. But he thought they might conclude that no Government would be so foolish as to make a bad bargain. He would take the division as an indication of the feeling of the House, and if there was a disposition to add a schedule would withdraw the Bill, He hoped that would not be the case, as great loss of time would be the consequence. Mr, HUGHES did not wish to oppose the measure if they could agree upon certain principles. He understood that the Treasurer was willing to except the articles of tobacco and spirits from the operation of the BilL He would support the Bill if these exceptions were made. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said why he put in the words about imports was inconse quence of a paragraph in Lord Kimberley's despatch of 13th June, 1S73. He hoped that mem bers would look at this matter in a national way, and not in the interests of their particular consti tuents or particular businesses. Lord Kimberley, in sending out the Imperial Act, said:— 'It will be perceived that the Act give3 full power to each of rfae Australian Colonies to make laws imposing or remitting duties for the purpose of giyiug effect to an agreement in respect of any article imported into it from any other colony to which the Act applies. It has been thought expedient that, sub ject to the proviso against differential duties, the powers given to the Colonial Legislature! should be extended to articles not the growth, produce, and manufacture of Australia or New Zealand, in order to remove alll doubts as to such arrange ments as have already been made as to Border duties between Victoria and New South Wales, and also enable a Customs Union to be established between any two or more of the colonies to which the Act applies.' He considered that that was a great concession upon tha part of the Imperial Par liament and he thought it would be very unwise if we deliberately cut off our own right hand by objecting to these words in the Bill. Of course the Parliament would have it in their power to force a Ministry to change a treaty to which they objected. The question that the words proposed to be in serted be inserted was negatived. Mr. SMITH proposed to strike out the words 'or manufacture of or imported from any of the said colonies' after 'produce' in the 17th line, and to insert the following:— M Of any of the said colonies, and of all articles manufactured in any of the said colonies from the natural product* thereof.' Out manufactures would be placed at a great disadvantage. The manufactures of the other colonies were allowed to come in free, as freights were much cheaper to Melbourne, and foodi would ketnoafaippad from that port tea large extent Many of the articles used lnmanu fcctures in Victoria entered duty free, while here 10 per cent was paid upon them. He did not say that we should not admit sugar from Queensland. He thought if we expected them to take our wheat on which a duty of txl. per bushel was now paid. we should admit their sugar. Mr. Pickering had alluded to the manufacture of rope. This amsnd ment would meet that case, because rope was not manufactured in Victoria from the products of the soil in that colony. This proposal was a com promise, which he thought would meet the wishes of both parties. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said that ths words proposed to be struck out carried two distinct ideas. He could understand a strong objection being taken to keeping in the words 'or imported from any of the said colonies,' although he did not share the objection, but now the hon. member wished to aay that we should not interchange colonial manufactures unless they were made from products of the soil in the par ticular province where they were manufactured. That was tying the hands of the Government in a way that seemed to him unwise. He had no doubt that many things were made in Adelaide from things not the produce of the soil, which it would be good to change for other things— Simp- son's safes for instance. Mr. HUGHES asked the Treasurer how he pro posed to guard against the possibility of a cargo of tea being taken to Melbourne and brought here free. (Mr. Glyde— 'We should not make an agreement which would allow that') He was men tioning that as one of the article* that might be imported. The great object of this reciprocity was that the Australian Colonies might be able to in terchange their natural products, so as to foster colonial industries; but if foreign goods were in cluded, new difficulties would arise. Mr. SOLOMON would withdraw his opposition to this BilL He presumed that if the Ministry made an agreement a schedule would have to be determined upon. He would have to take the Bill upon trust and as the Treasurer had consented to reduce the notice by which an agreement could be terminated to six months he did not see that any great injury would arise, unless an agreement was so absurd that the colony was inundated with four or five years' supply of goods and the Parlia ment repudiated the agreement. The question was put in the form that the words proposed to be inserted be inserted. This was declared negatived. Mr. SMITH called for a division :— Ayes, 4-Measre. Hughes, Blair, Pickering, and Smith (teller). Noes. U-The Chief Secretary, the Minuter of Justice, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Carr, Cavenagh, Lindsay, Pearce, Stow, Solomon, West-Erskine. and the Treasurer (teller). Maiority of 7 for the Noes. Mr. SOLOMON moved that the words 'or imported from' be struck out The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) hoped the Committee knew what they were doing. Sup posing it were possible for a cargo of tea to be brought here after paying duty in Melbourne some of our enterprising merchants could do the same thing, and send tea from Adelaide to Melbourne. Mr. SOLOMON said that owing to the lower freights to Melbourne and the greater facilities given at that port Roods could be brought cheaper to Adelaide via Melbourne. Under the proposed system we should contribute to the revenue of Victoria. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) was very sorry to hear a member of so much ex penence make such a humiliating confession. (Mr. Solomon—' It is true.') It was most mortify ing to acknowledge that our first-class firms could not get goods direct from London on better terms than through Melbourne ? lhe CLEBK-Orden of the Day. UNIVERSITY BILL. Consideration of the report of the Committee of the whole House. Mr. SMITH moved the recommittal of the Bill in order to strike out the proviso to the 2nd clause. He did not think the Governor should be restricted to appointing four ministers on the Council. He might nominate four of one body, which would be very objectionable. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE bad no idea Mr. Smith was going to move in this matter; but he would read an extract from a letter he had received from the Committee of the University Association :— ' They think the alteration made in clause 2, to the effect that not more than four members of the Council shall be ministers of religion, is injudicious, and more likely than otherwise to give occasion for feelings of denominational jealousy. In preparing the Bill they coiibiJered that such limitation was rendered unnecessary here by the Ifact that {there are no dominant or favoured Churches, as there were in Victoria when the Melbourne Act was framed ; and while they would not desire that anything ahould be done that might now imperil the passing of the Bill, they would suggest trusting that you will be of the same opinion, that the limit might be advan tageously fixed at ' not more than one-third of the Council.' ' That was altogether in accord with his own feelings on the matter, and in a colony where the ministers almost necessarily received more education than many colonists, he thought it iuju dicious that such a provision should be inserted. The MINISTER of JUSTICE (Hon. W. H. Bundey) said he had no feeling in the matter; but he wished to point out that if the Bill were recom mitted that day it would imperil the passing of it and he suggested that it would be better to endea vour to gst the amendment made to the Bill in another place. Mr. STEVENSON bad no objection to accept the suggestion of Mr. Smith, and insert that one third of the Council might be ministers of religion. His simple object in moving the proviso was that he did not think it fair that the management of the University should be left altogether to ministers of religion, inasmuch as there was a feeling in the colony that religious discord should not be allowed to enter into the Council of the University. (Hear, hear.) That was the reason why he proposed that a majority of the Council should be laymen. He did not Beriously object to the amendment although if in (Sydney the Anglican and Roman Catholic Bishops could meet on the University Council without quarrelling about matters of doctrine, he thought it did not speak much for the Christian feeling of the ministers of religion here if they squabbled as to who should be on the Council. He, however, urged Mr. Smith not to recommit th* Bill that day, but to accept the suggestion of the Minister of Justice. Mr. SMITH said if he had thought his attempt to recommit the Bill would imperil the measure he would not bave done so, as he believed the amend ment would be made in the Upper House. The amendment was negatived, the report was agreed to, and the Standing Orders having been suspended, the Bill was read a third time and passed. INTERCOLONIAL FRKJE TRADE BILL. Resumed debate. Mr. HUGHES asked whether if the words 'or imported from' were retained in the Bill French and Spanish wines might not be imported from Melbourne into South Australia duty free ? (The Treasurer— 'No.') Then if not it was directly at variance with the Imperial Statute No. 22 of 36 Viet, clause 3 of which said:— 'Provided always that for the purpose aforesaid no new duty shall be imposed upon and no existing duty shall be re mitted as to the importation into any of the Aus tralian Colonies of any article the produce or manufacture of any particular country which shall not be equally imposed upon or remitted as to the importation into such colony of the like article the produce or manufacture of any other country: Provided further that no duties shall be levied upon articles imported into any of the Australian Colonies for the supply of Her Majesty's land or sea forces ; nor shall any duty be levied or remitted contrary to or at variance with any treaty or treaties for the time subsisting between Her Majesty and any Foreign Power.' If a French vessel came to Port Adelaide she could claim under this Act to land her French wines free of duty, and this was the key of the whole thing. Mr. WliST-ERSKINE said the effect of these words, as pointed out, threw rather a new light on this matter. Would not the effect of the Bill be to allow any foreign wines imported into Melbourne to be imported here free of charge? He was a freetrader, but he admitted that the financial con dition of the colony made it necessary that duties should be levied for revenue purposed on certain articles. The TREASURER (Bon. L. Glyde) said the point brought out was one of considerable impor tance, but it did not bear upon this particular point because the wines or other articles inter changed would be the produce or manufacture of the colonies who were parties to the treaty. He should much prefer if the House would allow the Bill to pasa. The treaty of course would have to be settled by the contracting colonies, and if the law officers of the Crown reported that the provi sions of this Bill were in excess of the Imperial Act of course the treaty would not be made. Mr. SMITH said if the words were retained he should give the Bill his determined opposition. The amendment he sought to introduce would have satisfied the manufacturers, but this was going btyond that point At present soft goods im porters found it to their advantage to import their goods by steamer via Melbourne, and if these words were retained in the Bill they would get a »till further advantage, as they would be enabled to get their goods duty free from Melbourne. The words must be struck out If they were allowed to stand they might at well dose the Custom House. Mr. STEVENSON moved that the House resume. This was declared carried, and the TREASURER (Hod. Ik Glyde) called for a division r— Ana. 6-Meatn. Bray, Hughes, Lindsay. Smith, Solomon, and Stevenson (teller). Nok, 6-The Chief Secretary, the Minister of Justice, the Commissioner of Public Works. Mean*. Can, West-ErkuM, and ti» Treasurer (teller). The SPEAKER voted with the Ayec in order to titvtim toe tether co&Kderatioa.; (Laaghtec.] The House resumed, and the Committee ? obtained leave to sit again next day. OFFENCES AGAINST WUMEN BILL. Consideration of report of Committee. The report was agreed to; and, the Standing Orders having been suspended, the Bill was passed through its remaining stages. INSTITUTES BILL. In Committee. The Bill was passed through Committee without amendment. The House resumed, tke Bill was reported, and the report was agreed to. The Standing Orders having been suspended the Bill was read a third time and passed. GAME BILL. The MINI8TER of JUSTICE (Hon. W. fl. Bundey) moved the stcond reading of this BilL Carried. In Committee. «,,.,, Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blythj said there was a strong feeling in another branch of the Legislature that a Bill should be introduced to provide within certain limits for a tax on guns. It wo impossible for the Council to take action, as the Bill would have to originate in tbe Assembly. Be had prepared a Bill, but he did not propose to introduce it at that late period of the session. Clauses 1, 2, and 3 were passed as printed. Clause 4. Interpretation of terms. Commis sioner may add other birds and other animals to be protected. Mr. BRAY said he saw no necessity for the proviso. The MINISTER of JUSTICE (Hon. W. H. Bundey) said it was inserted to meet any case in which there might be a large influx of birds ducks, for instance— which might do damage. The clause was passed. Clause 5. Periods of operation of section 6 of this Act Mr. HUGHES said he had taken some interest in ascertaining from sportsmen in the interior what was the best way to protect their game, which, it must be admitted, had been getting very scarce of late seasons. Under the old Act game were pmtected from 1st September to 30th .November. He painted out that black swans should be pro tected for two months earlier. He proposed that geese and swans be protected from 1st July. They were the earliest to breed. Turkeys, curlews, and pheasants commenced in August. Ducks might be protected from lat September. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE pointed out that the dif ference in climate in various parts of the colony made a difference in the breeding time with some game. ? Mr. STEVENSON agreed with Mr. West Erskine, and thought the Bill should not apply to the Northern Territory. Mr. BRAY suggested that the operations of the Bill should be limited to within Goyder's Rainfall. (Laughter.) The MINISTER of JUSTICE (Hon. W. H. Bundey) moved to postpone the clause. Carried. Clause 6. Penalty on having in possession game or native game during period of prohibition. Mr. HUGHES thought there should be a penalty for selling the feathers of game during the close season. He knew there was a great destruction of game by the aboriginals during the close season for the mere sake of obtaining the feathers to sell. Mr. BRAY said it would have to be proved that the game was not killed for consumption by the aboriginals. The CHAIRMAN said the BUI did not apply to aboriginals. The clause was passed. Clauses 7 to 16 inclusive were passed as printed. Clause 17. Application of penalties. The CHAIRMAN suggested that the clause was one that could not originate in the Council, and re commended that it be Btruck out The clause was struck out The first second, and third schedules were passed. Clause 5. Periods of operation of section 6 of this Act. Reconsideration. The MINISTER of JUSTICE Olon. W. H. Bundey) moved tbe following amendment:— 'Swans and geese shall from and after the date hereof be protected in manner provided by sec tion 6 of this Act from and inclusive of the 1st day of July to and inclusive of the 30th day o! November: turkeys, curlew, and plover, from and inclusive of the 1st day of August to and inclusive of the 30th day of November; and ducks of al descriptions from and inclusive of the 1st day o September to and inclusive of the 31st day of December in every year and alL' The amendment was carried. The title and preamble were passed. Tbe House resumed, the Bill was reported, and the consideration of the report fixed for next day. KEROSINE BILL. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved that this Bill be read a second time, and in doing so said that last year a Kerosine Storage Act had passed, but the officers working that Act had found that in some particulars it required alteration. It was proposed first that the word municipality should be taken to mean the whole province so as to do away with some objections not provided for in the Act. The distance at which vessels having kerosine on board were to be moored off was made 500 yards instead of 100, and there was a provision also for the Governor in Council making regulations in reference to the export and import of kerosine. By a strange oversight when the Bill was passed last session no provision was made for regulating the export of kerosine. This was provided for in the BilL He begged to move the second reading, The Bill was then read a second time. In Committee. The preamble was postponed. Clauses 1 to 3 inclusive were passed. Clause 4. Time within which kerosine iB to be landed. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved to iusert a minimum penalty of £10. Mr. STEVENSON thought it well if the Magis trates were allowed to fix a minimum, as cases arose which required a very small penalty, though they might be ' wilful' as a matter of law. Tbe TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) thought it mattered not very much whether the minimum were left in or not, but it might be well that captains of vessels should see that the infringe ment of the Act would cause them to be fined at least £10 or £5, or whatever minimum was inserted. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE. if there was to be a change, imagined that the penalties should be made heavier, as a great deal of life and property was involved. Some years ago a case had occurred in England wheie several vessels had been de stroyed by kerosine getting on fire in the docks. Mr. STEVENSON would not press his point. Mr. LINDSAY agreed that in cases which were proved to be wilful the penalty should be heavy, But there might arise cases in which a very small penalty only should be inflicted. The amendment of the Treasurer was agreed to, and the clause as amended passed. Clause 5. The Chief Secretary may extend the time for landing kerosine. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved to strike out ' each' in the 8th line and insert 'any.' The amendment was agreed to, and the clause as amended passed. Clauses 6 and 7 were passed. Gause S. Removal of ships having kerosine on board from the wharf. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved to insert ' £10' in the blank. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause as amended passed: Clause 9 was passed. Clause 10. Regulations to be published, and copies laid before the Legislature. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved to insert ' 14 days' in the blanks. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause as amended passed. Clause 11. Penalty for breach of regulations. The TKEASUKEK (Hon. L. Glyde) would insert '£10U' and '£10' in the blanks respec tively. The amendment was carried, and the clause as amended passed. Tbe schedule was passed with the preamble. The House resumed, the Bill was reported, and the consideration of the report fixed for next day. BORINGS AT HOPE VALLEY RESERVOIR, Mr. LINDSAY moved— 'That there be laid on the table of this House (or on the Library table) all records and drawings referring to borings made at the Hope Valley Reservoir, with the dates when such borings were made.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said the drawings had been placed on the Library table during last session, but if the hon. member wanted to see them it would be dene again, though he did not see that any good could be done by bringing them down again. Charmed. The House adjourned at 17 minutes past 5 till 2 o'clock next day. PAIRS. Intercolonial Free Trade Bill, on all issues— For, Messrs. Angas,- Ward, and Stevenson; against, Me6sn. Pickering, Townsend, and Ramsay. 