TIHIE PAVEMENT' ( IOSTS VISIT. (IY-iWVIIOMIEVEVl TIIE CAtL FITS.-) Lately on a midnight stormy, with my glass of grog before me, Sittlng in my study scheming plans of vengeance by the snore, Sohemea to Loursns by no means flatterlng, euddlonly there came a patterio,-, As of some one softly o?sttering, clattering at mIy ohanheor dour ; " 'Tis the rain," I muttered growling, " beat. irng on ny chamber door," "Only this, and nothing mnore." But the'clatt.rlng grew more farfoc,rdan I said; "it's rather ourious, Surely never hall or rain dropi fell so heavily before ." Wroth was I, forI was planning, for friend Laurens so sound a tanning, Ac should make him bowl for meroy, sinking on the chamber floor, And I cursed the interruption, eat and cursed.. it o'er and o'er, . L For a moat confounded bore. But the clamour never heeding, with no sense of proper breeding, Greiw more threatening, ceased a little, then rose louder than before, With a vigour so surprising that, from out my chair uprising, Startled from my meditation,, in three bounds I crossed the floor, Seioed a cudgel, and with caution slowly; opod my chamber door, hlai, and wind, and nothing more.-: As I stood there soared, and waiting, for the sound again, debating Whence it could have oome, and peering out Into the murky night, Suddenly a cold sensation chilled me, and, with palpitation, I beheld a shadowy figure moving towards me, tail and white. And in silence it stalked by me, through the i; door, into the light, " 'Twixt me and the bright lamp light. Buak into my room retreating, all my heart within me boating, . All my nerve and oourage fleeting, iale into my easy chair ' Shivering and ;oonfused I staggered, while,.; the figure gaunt and haggard,, . Stood before me grim and silent, stood with gas-tar streaming hair, Adt his looks were strange and threatening, and his eyes did roll and flare With demoniacal glare. Than Ibummonod strength to uttoer, though my heart was In a ilutter, ' What has, brought you grisly .phantom thus to seek my chamber door ? Answer.what your ghostly name iu, tell me what your little game is, On what errand do you wander from the da-k Plutonian shore ? Ateorrr 1 uick ..or may ?9et constrained to ick you from mny dLoor. -rn d Qutoth the phantom, "Nevermore." Tih?u hisrit'Ilthand slowly raising, the grim figure, wildly gazing, And his eves with fury blazing, spokea in accents deep and stern: "Iutse, presumptions, daring mortal, who bhath striven to ope the portal , . Of the world of shadows whitherman their steps may never turn, Foolish mortal, list to me I and all my errand you shall leare, All my errand quickly learn. I'm the ghost that haunts the borough, in search of the payments you would evade, To which in your philanthrophio ardor great objection you have made. I'm the ghost of composition pavement, come to demand of you the payment, All the way from Styx to haunt you as your own familiar shade, And to thank you, Sir, in person, for your inglorious crusade, Your late in-glorious crusade. Think you that the investigation has in oreased your reputatlon ? Think you that the ratepayers ever thought your sham devotion, real ? But your schemes are all defeated, your discomfiture completed,' Now your plans of party interest are all vanished, pact and o'er. I will haunt yoeI in your dreams, and hover round your chamber doo , ' For it is my fixed intention to forsake you nevermore, Thou the~ hatonm, grimly leering, ceased, .and slowy disappearing. (IVhilo my blood ran cold with horror, and uprose my olammy hair) ' 1 . Vanished ; and a little after, mocking sound of fiendish laughter Shook theohouse from floor to rafter, hover lug on the midnight air; And the fearful vision left me shivering in my easy chair,. Cold and shivering in my chair. A.N. Itatham, August 10, 1874. 