THE ROYAL WEDDING AT ST. PETERSBURG. [From English Papers.] THE RUSSIAN HOME. To-day the rooms at Tsarskoe-Selo, which will be occupied by the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh during their brief retreat, have received their finishing touches. They are not in the Palace of Tsarskee-Selo itself, but in a fine building in the grounds called the Alexander Palace, generally occupied by the Cesarewitch and Cesarevns. The Duchess of Edinburgh's drawing-room is fitted with blue upholstery, and papered with gold and gray. In one corner is a ma ssof growing plants, and on the table a vase of lilies of the valley in full bloom, There is a piano, for Her Imperial Highness delights in music. Beyond a second small drawing-room, in crimson and satin, is the bedroom, famished in a greenish gray and rose color. This room has a tall cheval glass framed in grey china, a toilette table with a mirror embowered in lace, and a low bed shut within a recess by heavy cur- tains. Beyond is a small boudoir and a bath- room. Across a corridor are the Duke of Edin- burgh's rooms. The dressing-room is is dark green, with a dressing-table in an alcove closed by curtains. From one side a door leads to a bathroom, and from the other you enter the writing-room, with its brown carpet and walls, large writing-table, aad carved chair. All the furniture in the rooms has been made in St. Petersburg. The pictures in the rooms have been brought from the Winter Palace. The Duke's writing-room is strewn with English books, mostly large illustrated works, such as Doré's? Danté and Tennyson. A gentleman, whom I understood to be the Taankoe-Selo librarian, made a great deal of a work which he said was translated from the Persian by Prince Albert expressly for the Queen, and which, by a sin- gularly happy thought, had been now placed the Duke's table. However, he could not find it, or I might tell you more about it. All along one side of the writing- room runs a deep and low divan covered with Persian carpet, and there is a chandelier of very good design. The next apartment is the dining-room, done in drab and brown, THE BRIDE'S TROUSSEAU. The magnificent troutsatv of the Grand Duchess is laid out in the Salle Blanche and in the adjoining taton, at the Winter Palace, It is all that is lavish and splendid, containing lace at 1,000 roubles a yard. There are 90 dresses, exclusive of ball dresses, precious and exquisite furs, aad the double dress, purple aad ermine over white and silver, to he worn at the marriage. The effect of color caused by the juxtaposition of such a vast quantity of rich and rare materials and fabrics was that which most struck a masculine eve. The silks and embroideries ate on a vast and wondrous scale, and as one wandered through the Palace store house of this right Imperial wardrobe one realised the material splendor and magnifi- cence of the marriage. The trousseau is most of it the production of St. Petersburg, and the sum named to me as to its cost is so great that I hesitate to write it down except upon the best authority. THB BRIDE HERSELF. I am very certain that your readers desire beyond these details to knew something more than a photograph haa told them about the il lustrious Pnnoeat who Is so soon to be an Englishwoman. To describe a Boyal lady, or aay lady whatever, to her faoe, aa it were, is a fimcolt matter, aad one which can hardly be done with, taste aad felicity, eveu if a writer has knowledge or warrant to describe sIL But I may aay that I have been told by those who have bad the honor to be near her that the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna speaks English better than most English girls, that she has a most pleasant and easy ™??i«m?._ u ,l «, prestoee singularly ladylike and distinguished. The photographer haa given a. true iwai inl?Uni? of her features, hot his art could never convey her graoe and -*'—■-. The Princess's hair v fair, or light brown, and her eyes are bluish gray. I know that the ladies of n-el^d ex pect everj man to do his duty and to tell them how every Udy he aeea ia dressed. lam sorry I cannot give even a due to so much a* the colour of the gown Her Imperial Highness wore yesterday. Id* net know what it was. I only know th«t the Princess was wrapped in a bine velvet ?fc«ia. THE MARRIAGE RITE IN THE RUSSIAN GREEK CHURCH. In view of the approaching wedding at St. Petersburg, the Demtf Ntm gives details of the marriage rite. It ia celebrated at a email tem porary "altar"on the outside of the tkonaataa, th* partition wall dividing off the portion of the ehunh within which no woman can go. The bride and bridegroom kneel before it witii lighted tapers in their hands, and the priest asks, "A B .hast thou a good and na restrained will, and firm intention to take to wife this woman. V—— Z V The bride groom replica, "I have, most reverend air," The priest again asks, " Haot thou not pro mised any other woman?" the answer being, *|I have net promised another." Thsee qoet turns are also put to the bride, and then the benediction ia given. This U followed by the Ketinia, and ? number of prayen are said; than two crowns are brought on *, tray, and the priest takes one, aad making the tiga of the cross with U over the head of the bridegroom, says—" The servant of God. A 6~mli crowned for the hand maid of God, T Z -. in the name «f the Father, of (he Son. and of the Holy Ghost," it v kissed by the btldexnMMa, and isthenplaced on his head, or ia hall over him during the ceremony. Tbe saaa* takes place with the bride.andthacthercrown. The cro%nshave no relation to Jb* rank ?f th* eoaple, but ate ased at the marriage of a paaasot as well as that of a prince. On tt« crown of the bridegroom there is th* figure of Christ, and on that of tbe brie* ia tho Vuxia. A htmedktUon is ginn— " O Lord out God! Grown ta*m inlik* mannsr I withjcfoar and honor,'' and then follows ! the r**Vrbkimenon r' — " Thou hast aM crowns of precious atones upon their heaiast tney afted VBe of Thee, and Thou gayest them a ling Ufe; Cor Thou ahalt give them the bkmsifcj of eternal lift; Thou ehnlt atafce ttwmgU«wW>the fey «f Thy omnrtananoe." Then cemes the " tpistle of the Office," Bph. t. 20, 33, and the Gospel, which is die 2nd chapter of Sb John, relating tie Marriage in Oana, entfing with the 1 lth verse ; the Gospel is preceded and followed by the anthem, " Glory be to Thee, O Lord. Glory be to Thee." The " Common Cup," containing wine, is now given by tie Priest to the Bride sad Bride groom, who each drink out of it three times, in remembrance of the Marriage in Oana. Aa wine is drunk In the Jewish ceremony—the Bridegroom crushing the glass under his feet— and aa the Emperor and Empress of China drank wine as part of the marriage rite—and as in Japan wine is drunk three times out of three different small cups by both Bride and Bride- groom—it may be concluded that this also be longs to the things whisk are old and common to all the Bast. Up to this point ia. the ceremony the marriage might still be broken eff should either of the parties change their minds at the last moment; but what now follows makes the marriage in dissoluble^ The priest covers his right hand with his vestment, and on it the bride and bridegroom place their rijht hands, aad they are led slowly round the altar—the altar has no rerejos; it is simply like a small pedestal, standing on the floor. This in repeated three times. This practice of circumambulating is a very ancient rite. Long before Alexander crossed the Indus the Hindoos performed what in Sanscrit was known as a " Pradaksbuia ; " bat it was common to aU faiths. Buddhist and Brahminical alike performed it. The Moham medan still repeats the " Tawef at the Eubm. The Coptic, which, as already stated, is a bnach of the Greek Church, have adopted the idea that this was a Jewish ceremony, for in their celebration of the Mass they go three times round toe altar at the end of eech division of the ritual; and this ii explained as bung in imitation of David dancing round the Ark. In the marriage rite of the Uu?aian-Greek Church this part of the ceremony is explained to mean that the man aad wife are to walk together through Ufe with the Divine Presence along with them to guide and protect; the mystical three times being symbolical of the Holy Trinity. Daring this part of the ceremony the choir are singing " Exult, O Isaiah, for a Virgin has conceived and brought forth a Son, Emmanuel, God, and Man; the East ia bis name ; Him do we magnify, aad call the Vugfe blessed." As the two are now one—inseparably bound in the ties of holy matrimony—the priest takes iff the bride groom's crown, saying, "Be thou exalted, O Bridegroom, like to Abraham, and blessed like unto Isaac, and multiplied like unto Jacob. Walk in peacu, and do all according to tile Commandments of God." Taking the Bride's crown he says:—"Aad than, O Bride, be thon exalted like unto Sara, and rejoice Hke unto Rebecca, and multiply lit* unto Bachel; re joice with thy husband, and keep the ways of the law; and the Massing of God be with thee." At night, when the couple go to their our own house, tee priest also goes to bless it, and they pray to the ahrine which ia in every ttuasUn household ; this is a picture of one of the Saints, with a lamp hanging in front of it, towards which they perform their devotions, and always cross themselves before and after meals, A ceremony with bread and salt is also gone through, when the newly-married pair enter their future horns for the first time, as husband and wife. DEAN STANLEY'S SERMON IN THE ENGLISH CHURCH. In the afternoon I attended another service, which was equally interesting to an English- man, although from a different reason. It anas a service in the English. church en the quay. The most English thing I have keen in Russia was the tremendous crush of well-dressed ladies and gentlemen as soon as the doors were opened. As usual, although there were two doors, only one was opened, and there were the familiar screams and ejaculations as excited persons fought for precedence. It was known that the English Royal visitors would be there, and that that Stanley was to preach the sermon. The English church is plain, square tabernacle, capable of seating about 600 persons; but yesterday at least 900 squeezed themselves in. The Christmas decorations still remained, and familiar English mottoes and texts graced the walla. At 4 o'clock Lord Augustas IfiFtaa, our Ambassador, walked down tits yir"* Quite recovered from her fatigue, aad Lacking farming in her dark sable- trimmed costume, the Princess of Wales followed; then her husband, in his Hussar uniform; then the Duke of Edinburgh in naval dress ; then Prince Arthur, also in uni- form; then a file of equerries. It was for- tunate for those who wished to contrast the rich impressive ceremony of the morn- ing, and those they had attended at the St. Petersburg Churches, with the Eng- lish worship, that the aerviae was of the homely type our forefathers knew. The prayers were not intoned ; the psalms ware read, the congregation taking alternate verses, and the chunk was filled with the mingled voices of those who repeated the responses. There were no banyan, lamps, crosses, or vestments; but no service could have been more impressive or devout. Mr. Thompson, the incumbent and his curate officiated. It was curious in the old Prayer-book I shared with an English lady to see the prayer for King William and Queen Adelaide, and to hear the clergyman praying, "O Lord, save the Queen and His Imperial Majesty." The hymn before the sermon pre- pared us for a marriage sermon, and I suppose no one was surprised when the Dean (who wore the ribbon which belongs to him as Dean of the Order of the Bath) selected as his subject the Marriage at Cana. I have heard Dean Stanley preach many sermons, but never so eloquent a dia- course as this. His travels in the East enabled him to draw a aharming picture of Cana and its fertile uplands, and to transport his hearers from the dark skies aad frosen rivers of the North to the brilliant sunshine and forests of Palestine. He spoke earnestly on the sanctity of marriage, speaking of the wedding feast as both the gravest and gayest of ceremonies, especially when it united not only two loving souls, but two friendly nations. Then the Dean by gradual steps entered upon the matter of which we were all thinking. We were, he said in effect, on the eve of a nuptial alliance, the like of which had not taken place for nearly 800 years; the last marriage between the Royal Houses of Russia and England being far away in the twi- light between fable and history. Then the Muscovite Prince Vladimir wooed and won the hand of a daughter of the Anglo-Saxon Harold. Little could those monarchs have foreseen the world-wide progress which each people would make before another such union; little dreamt that the small island on the confines of the Western Ocean, struggling with difficulties to hold its own, would become mistress of the seas; little dreamt that the barbarous Princi- pality in the centre of the wild Sclavonic forests would grow into the mighty civilised Empire it now is. England and Russia have known each other in war and peace; have tried each other'a strength beside beleaguered fortress and hard-won battlefields; their com- merce and enterprise have impressed the world ; they have known each other's literature and science. Had it been possible for the old Sea King who had founded the BRssian Empire, or Peter the Great, to have seen the future, how rejoiced would they have been that the husband of the Grand Duchess is a member of the pro- fession to which they were so much attached. Could Alfred the Great have looked forward to the only one of the long line of English Princes who, coming to man's estate, bore his glorious name, he, the wisest and best of English Kings, would have welcomed this auspicious union of the East and the West—the fore- most nations and foremost Churches of Chris- tendom. This is a summary, and I fear a very incom- plete summary, of the salient points of the sermon which was listened to with sustained and breathless attention. In conjunction, the Dean invoked a blessing upon the approaching nuptials, hoping that the farewells on the shores of the Neva would be echoed by cordial welcomes from the shores of the Thames. Turning to the royal pew, the Dean quoted the old Israelitish injunction, "Beloved, I com- mit my daughter unto thee in special trust;" and reminded us, the English nation, that the injunction applied equally to us as a people. The service concluded, we departed homeward through the miry disagreeable streets, where the shops were open, the exchanges in full swing, and the opera houses, he ballet theatres, and all other places of amusement preparing for the performances which in this northern city are keenly enjoyed on the evening of Sunday. — — — [Times Telegram.) St. Petersburg, January 23.—The marriage is over, and those who have witnessed it are not likely soon again to behold such another pageant. It has been celebrated with right imperial splendor, and no Court in Europe can match the full pomp of the Winter Palace. At half-part 8, five guns from the fortress that points its cannon accross (sic) the Neva upon the capiial proclaimed to the inhabitants the celebration upon this day (to use the words of the official programme) of the marriage of "Son Altesse Imperiale Madame la Grande Duchesse Marie Alexandrova avec son Altesse Royale Monseigueur Le Prince Alfred Ernest Albert de Grande Bretagne, Duc d'Edinburgh." The belfries had proclaimed it some hours earlier, and the huge clapper of the great bell of St. Isaac's, swinging with a deep sound to and fro, woke us all at six o'clock. Long before twelve o'clock there was a crush of arrivals at the various grand entrances of the Winter Palace. The streets were dressed out en fete. The weather was mild, and the streets dirty. (REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.) Sk Petersburg, Jan. 22. evening.—Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, with the Csarevna, took a sledge drive to-day. The members of the foreign diplomatic body were received to-day by the German Imperial Prince in the Winter Palace, and by the Crown Prince of Denmark in the Anitckoff Palace. Dean Stanley has paid visits to several mem- bers of the Synod. It is understood that be will conduct Divine Service next Sunday in the English Church, and will choose for the subject of his sermon the duty of charitable contribu tions for the relief of the distress existing in some parts of Russia. January 23, morning.—In honor of the mar- riage of Her Royal Highness the Grand Duchess Marie Atexandrovna, with His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, the city will be beautifully decorated with flags and splendidly illuminated to-day, to-morrow, and Sunday. An illu- mination on a urge scale is also ordered for the 28th inst., when a State performance will take place at the theatre. A grand review will be held next Monday, in the square before the Winter Palace, of the troops quartered in and around St. Petersburg, consisting of forty-one battalions of infantry, thirty-six and a half squadrons of cavalry, and 138 guns. (Later Despatch.)—At 8 a.m. today a salute of five guns from the citadel of Fort Peter and Paul announced to the inhabitants of the city, the commencement of the ceremonies in cele- bration of the marriage of Her Imperial High- ness the Grand Duchess Marie Alexaadroyoa with His Royal Highness the Duke of Edin- burgh. The city is gaily decorated with flags, and large crowds are collected in the streets. The weather is very mild. In London little notice has been taken of the day beyond the ringing of the bells of come of the principal churches. There will be some illuminations this evening, but this form of celebration will be by no means general. The fallowing telegrams have reached us from the country:— Sandringham, Friday.—In consequence of the afaaencn of the Prince and Princess of Wales from Sandringham (though the Royal children are here), there are no great festivities. All the laborers on the Royal estate receive money presents, and there will be a dance for the servants at Sandringham House to- night. At the neighboring town of Lynn the church bells are ringing, and the streets of the town are full of flags. The day is being kept joyously. At Cambridge some flags are displayed, and the bells of St. Mary's Church are ringing merry peals. Windsor, Friday-—Windsor is to-day loyally celebrating the marriage of the Duke of Edin- burgh with the Grand Duchess Marie. The Royal standard is hoisted ever the Guildhall in High-street, and many of the houses are deco- rated with flags. The bells of St George's Chapel and St. John's Church are ringing marriage peals, and atlutes will probably be heard at noon. The military demonstration wfll be reserved till the arrival of the newly wedded pair at Windsor. Norwich.—The local military fired a feu de joie at Norwich to-day in celebration of the Royal marriage. The Mayor and Corporation, the military officers, &c.;, afterwards partook in the Council Chamber of the loving cup. 