IMMIGRATION. TO THE EDITOR. I am. Sir, &c.;, MICHAEL KENNY. Troubridge Area, March 4. Sir—There has been a lot said for and against emigration ever since the early days of the colony, but I have seen more and heard more it last week in Adelaide than I have heard seen daring the 33 years ttat I have made myself Intimately acquainted with the ops and downs of emigration. In this oat-of-the-way-place ihe lata ship load of emigrants was in a week before we heard of it, and perhaps it would take another week before any one could get to Ade laide from here ; so I considered it hopeless to look for men la that direction, bat I saw sin account of a mooting hold in Adelaide, Mr. S?mael Kaphacl in the chair, protesting in llie strongest terms against emigration. I am sony I have not tho paper in which the account of Ate meeting appeared, bo es to quote frou> the different speeches, but I recollect <?no speaker said a new ctura never could trawl from Mount Gambkr to the Barrier Hanger, and carry his swag, as he had done Another said that the emigrants were going jnad ; that one had gone to the Lunatic Asjluin already for being Induced, by false rcprc*eEta.liocs, to leave that beautiful country (England) to reside In Etteb a miserable oppressed hole as Ade laide. Sir, from such representations at a public meeting, presided over by a gentleman ot Sammy Raphael's position, I caino to the con clusion that sorely men could he I>ad in Adelaide, and so I bandied off in all Bpoul; but to my surprise after a whole day emue through the streets of Adelaide on other bud ness, etill keeping on the look-oat for new chums, or a man with the appearance of a workman looking for employment, not ono man of the description met my view—the same old familiar faces always, and not very many of them cither. Fext morning early I went to tho labor offices, and was told there that the men did not call so early ; but Mr. Kemp Ptiinty told n?o civilly that he had not one man on his books that would suit me, or that he did not think I could got one in Adelaide, I called at nu.jttier office again altar dinner. There were n few men, not to all appearances men aaed to faun work. Still I eonstdered, if there was n willing band, we would soon make a ploughman ri hinu Lord I what n scene when I said, In answer to a question, that I weald gi ve £40 s year to any man willing to come, whether farm servant or cot, or if there was a married man that I would give a. house, wood, and waterjua addition, free. I left them not heaping curses on Sammy linphact but saying what a fool I was to be led away by such rubbishing false speakers, and went to another labor office. There was there tut one or two men, when, after the usual interroga tions, I agreed with one man at the rate of £4C per year; that if he served three months 1 was to pay his passage; If notl was to deduct it from his wages. The offieekeeper drew tip an agreement, for which I had to pay 55., and my ploughman signed his name, John B « A friend, John C , aud uijsrlf ad journed to a public-boute, when, to my great joy.. John was a teetotaller. Bight; I advanced him half a crown, and gave him an order on a. boat for a passage to Yorke's Peninsula. But as the laiups were lighting, whit should walk slowly Into my hotel but the ghost of Jnfac ; no, it was John himself, the boat slipped away and left him ; but John was a teetotaller all the time, and would not miss the next oppor tunity. Very well landlord, let John have his meals until Frir.ay ; I am going out of rosra, and I gave John sa. more, being a tee'otaller. Bat to my surprise whenJ retained to town In a few days after, a, man on the Btreet told me tnj man John was drinking and fighting fust now at the Exchange amongst a lot of loafers, t tell you I did cot stop to pray, or curse Sammy, but went oirect to a police office. I was told there that that was not the right office, so I weut and found another, and, as far as I can judge, that was not the right office either, for the Clerk to!d me he cauld do nothing unless I sumtnonded John and •topped In Adelaide to prosecute him, a. tiling I could not do, as I had incurred too - moon *rpemm already. I always tboeght getting money under false pretences was a great crime, and that a policeman would not require any formalities to arrest the man that would be guilty of such an offence. But it is not the case, aad my man John is at liberty to impose his Good Templarism on some other poor clod hopper another time. Sir; from what I have state! here, and it is set the twentieth part of what I have gone through for two days between tho labor offices of Adelaide, employers of labor, and farmers in particular, were not in such a pitiable state since the first days of this colony, and I don't think It is right or just for respectable people to countenance such meetings &4 tin one held at the Buck's Dead pub, protect ing against emigration, when a man could not be had in Adelaide (as the saying Ib) for love or money. I recollect one of the speakm said—" bet every man register his vote, and let no man into Parliament that would vote to bring men hereto be starved." Z eay.jlet every farmer and employer register, and vote for none but men that will pledge themselves to support the Government that will keep a steady supply of labor always available. If our ins sent Government had not the foresight to brine the laborers they did bung, I suppose the case would be worse, and I hope they will do v they did before—*ot wait for the sanction «t Parliament, but send for a shipload of emi grants every mouth, until such time as a farmer cm get a good man for £i 0 per year, evon at the hazard of losing their seats. I venture to say that after the next election no Government can hold but a Government that will kerp a supply of labor until the supply is equal to the demand; aud if a supply of assorted emi grants can Dot be had, let there be a supply of free emigrants by all means; and if a good man cannot bring his family to the ship Ictt him be assisted to do so, as I can plainly sec our revenue could aot be turned to better ac count. Sir, I fear my letter is too long already. But when £ tell yon that I know plough* standlug still for the want of handi to follow them, you will give me some consideration, and give every opportunity to any one willing to take a part in remedying ench aa evil. I condade by eaying, that as the North has this season proved itsolf a wheat-growing country, with free immigration and free land laws, South Australia will be second to n? other country tv ths world for a good hard working man to cast his lot in, not as my friend at tho Buck's Head said, to carry hie swag from pole to pole. 