KADINA CORPORATON. MONDAY, 6th JULY. Present.—The MAYOR, (Mr F. W. W. Gurner) and Crs. Bawden, Cornish, Muddle, Haddy, Harris, Tonkin, Martin, and Lang a portion of the time. Surveyor's Report.—This was read and re- ceived on the motion of Cr. Haddy, seconded by Cr. Tonkin. It recommended that the men be put to new portions of the road. Cr. Haddy remarked that the sides of Taylor- street near Christmas' really ought to be formed. Works Committee.—This committee re- ported having visited various places and found no cause of complaint in Milne-street, but for the work that had to be done, present staff was completely helpless. They must have three extra men. The committee was much pleased with the works recom- mended by the Council. The committee re- commended the formation of Grave-street to the terrace. The Mayor said Mr Beck had tendered. Cr. Haddy said the Committee must have two men for three days in order to get on with the work. Cr. Martin moved that three or four footpaths and two crossings be put in repair and refer them to the sur- veyor for the present. Next Council night they might see their way to put on an extra hand or two. Cr. Harris concurred, the only objection being on the score of finance, as their funds were already overdrawn and the Government supplement was not up yet. The Council had better defer taking on more hands till next meeting. Perhaps Cr. Haddy would withdraw his motion for extra hands for a few days. On the motion of Cr. Martin seconded by Cr. Harris, the report was adopted with the exception of taking on hands, but the crossings were to be done at once. Accounts.—The pay-sheet amounting to £172 17s 3d was adopted on the motion of Cr. Tonkin, seconded by Cr. Rundle. Sanitary Matters.—A letter was read from Mr William Ey suggesting one or two additions to the sanitary by-laws, viz., It would be well to give power to inspect tanks and institute necessary periodical cleaning out. The dirt that accumulated therein was a great source of sickness, especially towards the end of summer when the warm weather caused fermentation. Another thing was manure which should be held in watertight receptacles. There were several existing instances in which the manure is stored in close proximity to tanks, and every shower of rain passing right through the dung carried a large quantity of injurious material with it into not only the proprietor's tank, but also into those of his neighbors. Cr. Haddy remarked that this objection could not be said to extend to some tanks which were placed above the surface of the ground. In some of the tanks there were seven years' mud, and every one was so afraid of his water running short that he was deterred on that account alone from disturbing the mud. On the motion of Cr. Harris, seconded by Cr. Haddy, the matter was ordered to stand over till Mr Ey's appointment to the office of Sanitary Inspector. The Kadina and Wallaroo Road.—-Cr. Haddy wished to know if any communication had been received as to the time when the £3000 just granted by Parliament would be available, because at the present moment there was a lot of men out of employment. He moved that the Town Clerk telegraph and ask if the Council was to have the money, as the Council had offered to undertake the ex- penditure. The Road Bill had nothing to do with it, and it would be well for the Council at once to see after it and advertise for ten- ders. Cr. Martin said the Estimates would have to be passed first. The Mayor said he had heard from Mr Hughes, M.P., that the £3000 had only been got after a hard battle, and it was altogether hopeless to get the £5000 that had been asked for the tanks. Cr. Martin pointed out that the money had actu- ally been granted for the road, and they had better see about getting it. Cr. Harris said it would not do to show the Government that the Council was too anxious to spend the money. The Mayor said the Council did not ask for the money, it only offered if de- sired, to undertake the expenditure. Cr. Haddy remarked that from 100 to 150 men had been thrown out of employment at Wal- laroo Mines, on Saturday, and it would not be at all out of place to suggest to the Govern- ment the propriety of affording them imme- diate employment through the instrumen- tality of this money. Let them not defer the road making until the summer. The Town Clerk remarked that when the Council got its £500 some time ago, Mr Hughes asked for it, and it was procured at once. Councillor Bawden said the Government might be asked to be as expeditious as pos- sible, as the money had been passed, and men were out of employment. The Mayor agreed with Cr. Bawden that as many men were out of employment, the application would come with a better grace. Cr. Bawden moved, Cr. Tonkin seconded, that the Mayor and Town Clerk prepare and despatch a letter to Government conveying the Council's views, also to remark upon the present season being the best in which to make roads. Cr. Martin suggested the Council should also write to the members for the District. Cr. Harris strongly supported the proposition, as the men thrown out of employment could not otherwise obtain employment anyhow in the district. The motion was carried. Cr. Haddy moved that so soon as a favorable reply was received, tenders should be called for at once. No time should be lost. Cr. Tonkin seconded. Carried. As connected with the foregoing subject the Mayor read the follow- ing letter to himself, from Mr E. T. Smith, M.P., in which the latter gentleman stated that he united determinedly with Mr Hughes to carry if possible the £3000. The £5000 was hopeless—"Several attempts were made to burke the matter by a side wind, but the1 compromise of £3000 which was my amend- ment, was carried. The £5000 was put and lost. An amendment of Mr Stevenson's re- ferring the question to the Road Board was carried, and on this being put from the chair as a substantive motion, I moved to add the words which you will see were carried, and created an uproar. The Treasurer left the House for a short time, and asked me on leaving to pair with him, should the division take place before 8 o'clock. It did take place and I was compelled to retire during the divi- sion so that my name does not appear in the list, but you will see that I afterwards ex- plained the matter to the House. It is really hard work to get the claims of the Peninsula recognised, but thank God, you have got some good friends." The Town Clerk.—The Mayor remarked that the Town-Clerk's engagement was up at the close of the present month, and he was desirous of having some arrangement as to his salary. The Town-Clerk said the salary of £75 per annum was not sufficient to keep body and soul together, and besides that he had to provide office accommodation. He need not say that the duties took up a great deal of his time. He could not possibly exist as matters stood, and asked for an increase in remuneration during the ensuing year, either in the shape of salary or office rent. Possibly the road works—if the Council got the £3000—might enable him to eke out his salary, but he had thought it well to bring out his affairs before the Council as there were only two or three weeks to run. The Mayor said it was not the Council's business to invite tenders; the officer held office during pleasure of the Council. Cr. Harris moved that the matter be left to a committee to confer with Mr Ey. The salary was certainly not adequate, and yet he did not see how the the Council was to increase it. Cr.Haddy proposed that the finance committee con- fer with the Town Clerk. Cr. Bawden moved that Crs. Harris, Martin, Haddy, and Tonkin be a committee. Cr. Haddy said he did not wish to form a member of the commit- tee. Cr. Bawden said it would come with a better grace to have the committee formed of the works committee and two of the finance. Ultimately it was resolved that the Finance Committee undertake the duty within the next fourteen days. Nuisance.—Cr. Rundle moved that the Town Clerk write to Mr Mitchell, relative to the nuisance behind his hotel. Seconded by Cr. Tonkin and carried. Goyder-Street.—The Mayor said that Mr Beck was willing to do Goyder-street from Graves-street to the terrace at £6 per chain, but he (the Mayor) now presumed that this £40 or so could not now be expended after the decision of the Council. Water Supply.—Cr. Bawden asked the Town Clerk if anything had been heard about the £5000 for water supply. The Town Clerk said that he observed the Memorial had been ordered to be printed. The Mayor remarked that the Council's case was not a good one, and had support from only one or two members. Cr. Bawden wished they should be asked if they intended to vote (or not) in its favour, and whether it would not be well to send a deputation. The Mayor remarked that Mr Hughes had said it was of no use to bring the matter before the House. He had put the matter fully before the Commissioner, and Moonta was held to have decidedly the best case. Mr Hughes had told him that money would only be granted to Moonta, but that when the money was granted, it was resolved that it should not in the least interfere with a comprehensive scheme for the three towns. Cr. Haddy said the local tanks had never been cleaned out for seven or eight years, and there was from three to six feet of mud in them. That was the strongest argument they could use at present in favor of having a local grant. Cr. Bawden said it must be borne in mind, too, that they had had extra good seasons. It should be represented that a bad season might follow, and thus they would be enabled to make out an excellent case, The Mayor ex- pressed his disinclination at anything further being done in the matter. Cr. Haddy asked if the Council was to be in the same fix as Moonta with regard to supplement on rates ? The Town Clerk said that the case of Moonta was no parallel. That Corporation had ex- pended its rates for 1874 and subsidy, and now applied to Government for the subsidy on 1875. In the case of Kadina the Council had not received any subsidy on the rates for 1874\. Cr. Bawden moved that a deputation be sent to Parliament. The Mayor—Cr. Bawden to be chairman. Cr. Martin—And expenses paid. Cr. Harris remarked that Government was well aware that they had three tanks of 6000 hhds each, and in the face of that did they think the Government would grant the £5000. He for one should be glad to see the water supply to the whole Penin- sula, and the people urging the matter upon Government, for at present they were alto- gether dependent upon a most precarious water supply. It was just possible that the new tanks at Moonta might not be filled next year. He would support a motion to the ef- fect that the three Councils go in for a com- prehensive scheme. Cr. Bawden said be did not go for a comprehensive scheme—Kadina had not a sufficient supply. A comprehen - sive scheme would take twenty years. The Mayor—Three years. Cr. Haddy said they would not have the ghost of a chance of a comprehensive scheme. He would not be a member of any deputation on the subject. Cr. Bawden said Cr. Harris and the Mayor would be going to town shortly. Cr. Harris said he could not go for some time. The Mayor thought a deputation would be use- less. Cr. Haddy said there was no need of it. The matter then dropped. Cemetery.—On the motion of Cr. MARTIN seconded by Cr. Cornish, it was resolved to lend the Trustees the Corporation roller. Uniforms.—Cr. Tonkin asked the Town Clerk if anything had been heard about the uniforms of the constables. The Town Clerk said that one of the holders had removed from the address that had been given. The Council then adjourned. 