DB. v]3 ElfJAtuHjU'S ' LEC1 URE. .'? : ; THE EYE:'. There was again a crowded attendance' at the. Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, when Dr. Bcuiafield, delivered the last lecture of the aeries, which lie had undertaken to give iu connection with the Mercantile Associatio, the subject being 'The Eye,' '. Mr. ,ionu l'k!1kins, nin., who, occupied the chair, haying briclly. introduced the lecturer, ; Dr. BnsjAi-iRi.n said ;— When speaking of the brain in a former lcctnro you will rccolloot that two ncrvos woro described as arising from its hasoor undtir surface, and passing out, through boles in tho'-boso of the skull, whioli nerves aro callod optic nerves, becnuso they go to tho oye, and it is by tncana of thoso that aonsa tious i)roduced in tho .eyo' arii conveyed to tltd brain. 'Hence tlio oyc is an apparatus for on to tlio bruin j just ns a telcscopo receives tho iuinges of distant objects And transmits them to tho observer who is using it. Tim telosooiio does not . so6 the object, neither doc's thp'oyo, it is tho brain boyoud, .which on rcouipt of an iinpression becomes cogni sant of n fact. Tho object of our lecturo this ovoning ia to describo . iu a cursory manner this apparatus, and sayjsomcthing about its The bony cavities in tho skull which con tain tho oyes aro much larger than arc uecus siiry to. hold tho cyo-bnlls thoinselvos, tho extra ?iiaco' being filled with (at,whieli forms a soft cushion for tho halls to revolve upon. Thoskin which forms tho wall of thoso cavi ties supplies several requirements ; along tlio upper, border of tho cavity it throws out tho eyebrows, which, as you know, aro com posed of shor- still' hairs. Thoso eyebrows Wo otlira- purposes to mini besido im proving tho - appearance of thoir pos sessor. - Their ' chief use is to shade tlic eyo from excessive light ; in a strong light wo instinctiyoly lowor thorn over tlio ovo to' produce this effect The loososkiu over tho front of tho cavity ia divided into .two. halves,, to form : tho two oyolids, the upper of. which is much tho larger and ia provided 'with' a small niusolo to lift it up whou wo wiaU to open' tho eye. At tlie edges ol tho lids arc tlio eyelashes which protect tho uyes and assist tho cyobrows iu slmdingthem. .. , ? ?, ' ; Immediately bbnonth tho oy61ids is a thin membrane cnilod , tho conjunctiva, which linos tho innoi- surfaco of tiio lids aiid Borara _tho front of, tho eyeball. This moinbrano is vury lonsttivo, and yon nil know tlio ucuto pain', iiroducbd by tho smallest particle ,, of breitm matter if it conic's in eoutact with it. Tho11 eyeball is tiimoil about by six littlo lnnsclos, which aro, iplacod around it in tho manner shown on tho modal. Thoyaront tachod by ono end to tho back of tup cavity,, and by tho other to tho front part of tlio oyo, so that if eithor ouo contracts it turns thboyo towards itsolf, ami you boo there is bno to turn it .upwards, another down, a third at tho outer side, and a fourth to turn it towards tlio nose..' Tho other two turn it uiion its own fixia. In tho outor corner of tho cavity is n. littlo.gland, wliosb function is to koop tho oyo constantly, wetiHsqthat'it' nmy'.'tnni about.', .easily. -, 'AVhon tlio tears ; thus supplied havo ' fulfilled' this function thoro is a' /littlo ' drain at tho inner corner, of the eyo whioli carries them down into tlio nose,*whoro thoy aro again utilised for moistening tlio olfactory onnuw.*- ' During tho'oarly stago of a sovoro cold this littlo gland does not aofos itshoiild. Tho 'smarting oyos acd'other symptoms ; then experienced, will givo you somo idea of 1 Now wo como to tho striicturo' of tho eye': ball itoslf, of which I ; have endeavoured to givcyou'an idea in thoso models and dia uraiha. , Tho oyo is nearly ronnilit and in all individuals is about tlio eamo : size ; tho ap iwrentdifl'oreuee being due to. tho varying amount which is Boon between' tho ' oyolids, since soino people's eyes projeot moro* than othors. Tho language of. tlio oyo- does not scut, and if it did thcro aro some amongst tho ? subject than the lecturer. The outer cover-, irig of tho oyo is composed of a i thick , whito substance, which is built up of . Hg.amciitoiis tissue, anil is vory strong .This called tho ' Htkrotk. In front, this terminates in a round pioco of transparent substance, which is knwu as tho comen. This cornea is fitted into tho sclorotio, vory Iilto a window is fitted into tho wall of a house, andsorvosa similar linrposo.- It is composed of sovor.il layors of littlo colls, packed together muoli'liko thoso aro whioli form tho 'upper layer of tho- akini and is beautifully* . transparent in ! tlio healthy state.-.' 'Immediately be hind at' ia, a littlo. chamber,-.; which is Illled .witli clear water, a vory, small por centngo of animal and mineral matter, being diasolvcd:ui''it, ,':;At -the back-part of .this .',.'-??' . ^ '?'?'? -. ? ubamlnsr in Uio inn, which forms tho pupil of tbooyo. This ia a beautiful contrivance for regulating tho quantity of light which ontors the iiinor chamber of tho eye. If you look at a bright light; such as tlio sun, the pupil will bo not largor than a pill's head, and it is only through tliia amail liolo that light can ontor,, If, on tho other band, you try to soo any thing in. a dark placo. tho pupil enlarges 'considerably. ' Doubtless yoii liavo allseon the cat's eyo in the' dark. ' This aniiual's pupil dilates much . moro than ours. At the back, of the model ,1 :liavo ondeavonrod to show you i bow thcao inovoiucuts arooflectcd, Horo.yoirwill seo that arouiid tho edgb of the pupil is a littlo muscle, in tho shape nfaHllg. ?Now. whan'' too much' light is entoHng tho oye,; the norvons aystnn , incites tliia rmg;of musolo to; contract,, and, by so coutraoting you will pb'rcoivo that thO apcrturo ', will ho closed. : Again, T havo hero ropresontod several littlo muscles as running oil' from .this ring-'- .These aro to pull 'it open again, and thoso act when yon enter tlio darkiroohi, So.'. 'Ibis is a protty example of what I was saying in a previous locturo — that every movomont- ill our body, is produced by muscular contraction. ^;Tho next part of the apparatus which wo como to is what is known as tho cn/nlalliiK lam, and 'this is nn important striicturo. It is a perfectly trana. parent Ions, and convex on both sides. It is enclosed in a little bag, or capsule, and placed immediately behind the pupil, so that every ray of. light which passes into tho oyo has to pass through this lena. . Its internal struo turo is vory comnlax,1 boing built up of thou sands of littlo oella, whioli aro packed to gothcr in a framework of. tissue, justliko tlio pulp of tho onuige is oucloacd between its partitions. And tho whole very much ro aomblca a drop of glass. It is retained in position by the ligaments and muscles illlla ;rated on the diagram. Bohind- tliia crystal line loira is the tlio thick liumour of tho eyo, which is kiiott-n.13 tlie'viVreoiMAtuiiour. ? This is a thick fluid but beautifully transparent. -It occupies agrcat part of, tho iutcrior of tho oy c, lilling out its outer membrancca. which would othorwiao bo llacoid and unlit for use. Ia tho front you aeo it prcaaos against tlio lens, and tA- tho back aiid sidca eomes iu im mediato contact with tho. retina. ?Tho noxt atnioturo which I shall mention IS: n then niem\\)rmico wlnoh intervenes Ijc twoen tho retina and aclorotic. Thi8 in tho oyea of moat.aniinala is quito black, and its function seems to ho that of absorbing all suporllnoua light whioli may get into tho oyo and interfere witli vision. It is called tho ciiopoul in gi ul~- rah co, . ? ? ? : ? Thoro is yet another part to bo described, and this is tho most important of all. Tho optio norvo - pierces tho outer thick coat of ;tno Dim, aim ia tuoro spread out into a thin layer which coyors tho internal surfaco of the oyoball, at least over its posterior half. Thus, if you split tho hall into two halves, yoo will seo this expansion of ncrvo' fibres ining. nil that part of tho oyo whioh lies bo hind tho iris. vTJiis structure is called tho retina. But thoro aro other things in it, bo sido norvo fibres j indeed, its structure ia most complicated. * It is a vory thin mem brane, about ouo-cightioth of an inch: thick. Nearly close .to tho ontranoo of tho norvo is ,whnt is known as tho yellow spot, and this is a vory important snot, which I shall spoak about : presently. Tlio membrano itsolf is composed of several different layors, ' When (i vortical slico ia placed mulct- n microscopo, tho figures represented in tho diagram may bo seen. Tho first or inner layor is composed of tho nervous fibrca which oomo from tho optio norvo. Tho second layer contains a lot of branching norvoeella, exactly liko tlioao wo saw in tho brain and siiinol cord. -Tho third layer is made up of lino t.orvous fibres, which connect tho layor of colls with another stratum beyond. Tho noxt layer is very similar, but besides tho fibres it contains a lot of littlo round bodies called f/mintfcs. Now I ? como to the outer Ja\fpr, which composes about ono quarter of tho thickness of tho membrane. This layor consists of a vast mnltiiliio of rod-liko bodies, and mixed with them aro other bodies, allapedlikolittlocones. Thcae roils and cones acem to bo tho chief foro do not forgot tlicui, and you soo that thoro aro fiuo norvcii running from thcao rods and cones ,-to the layer which comes from tho optic nerve ; therefore, thcro is auinthnato connection beewecu thoso and tho .brain : and tbeso rods and cones soom to bo tho only strnctnro in the body which can impart to tho brain any idea of light. Tim modo o£ thoir , ? notion 13 but .very imperfectly understood, j but T. will give you one of the best theories oh tho subject. If in any way tho norvoa— say on tbepointof tho finger— lie irritated, tho aena'a tion thua produced ia convoyed to thehrain in ii ?manner previously described, and tho brain becomeB conscious of the fact that something ia touching tho finder. If a very small insect ran over tlio finger it would nob 1)0 sufficient to excito this sensation, uoither would' the falling on it of a ray of light. But suppose that this fiuKor could In. mado a thousand times as sensitive, why then, perhaps, it would percoivo tho movements of the small iusoet, and possibly It woiihUio nblo to fool tlio sonsationa proineccHiy'tlio ray of light. Lot each of thoso cones represent such a linjrcr, and the most delicate impressions mode, uwm it prailnco in Urn livain tlio idea of light. ' Thus 1 have shown you that ono ing, and another set convoys ordors from tlio brain to the muscloa, and a third set liere convoys only sensations of light to tho brain. It docs not requiro tho presence of light to produce these sensations, since anything which oxcites those cones produces it. Thua in a dark room if yon proas on the sido of tho oyoball it is .produced, or if tlio ovo ho struck yon know that it llaahoa fire, thoso violent atimnli aro applied to tho outer sur face ' of tho oye, but light passes quite through tho front part of tho oyo, and falls directly upon theso cones, thus producing a much more powerful effect. liirht itself ia supposed to 1ms iv very thin fluid', vibrating in cannot stay to discuss. It 'is' sufficient for our- present purnnaoto romembot- that although this fluid is too thin to ho appre ciated by any other part of tho .hotly, yet thoso cones can fool it,1 ami transmit tho feel-* ing to tho brain. ; ? ; . ' ? - y. on all Know tnat tlio moat ot.ua possess two byes,' and I have shown you . there but tho ?'''- nervo does not go: straight to its ; own ' oyo, ' , or at least tho oyo of its own aide. In a few very simply formed fishes it doos go direct to tho oyo nearest its origin, but in all animals of a highor typo tin? two nerves cross over each other, so that the nervo arising from ono aide supplies ; tlio oyo of. the opposite aide. - And they do more than this ; for at tho crossing tho two nervoa are intimately .blended toother in tho man hor shown you on this diagram. If you recollect this,' you will know how it is that wo can aeo with ono oyo pretty nearly oa w'oll as wo. can with both ; tho hnprcasion made on oitlier oye would . bo conveyed to both sides of tho brain; ?'? .... ' To recapitulate then, light entering the eye has to pass through, lirat tho cornea, next tho aqueous. humour, third the iria, fourth the orystallinq ' lona . in ita eapaulo, fifth tlie' vitreous humour; then it falls on tlio , retina producing vision, and laatly, any superfluous rays are absorbed by. the black chor'oid. bo youd. '; . ' , : ' . , . ? Now 'wo may proceed to study the function performed by the oyo. Wo1 have Boon that ligkt is tho medium uacd.for tho production' ofviaion ' Now I will make a whito arrow on the black board, and you at once, soo it. Lightcomos from tho gas yonder and strikes upon' tho whito oliallt, which reflects it in all direction^.; Some of the rays entering your1 eye produco vision. But why do yon soo the white lino more strikingly, than the black, board ? v Simply because tbo obalk is a better reflector of light'tuair tilt, bbard'' Indeed if this bo'ardwas perfectly black you would not soo it at all, .because., a porfootly black- sur facb absorbs, all l; tho ? rayfe of -light which' fall1 ' npbir it. ?You see all tho things Wound tl«B board;' Irat' really ti-b board itself is a blank in tho field of viaion. In the oyo thoro exists a beautiful mechaniam I collecting these rays, and forminc; them into a foons upon tbo rotinii. Every point iij 11 luminous body sciida off ray8,aud ho long oh thoHO rays conlimta to travoHn ono mcdiuni tlioy proceed in a straight lino, but if they entor a medium of fliflerent density they are immediately bent.:' You -all know how tho stick looks bont wlion plunged in clear water. Iu this caso ? tbo rays havo passed out of air into water. A similar change occurs 'in tho oyo. Directly tho rays, enter it they aro bent,' Mutespcaially in' tliia case when tlioy aro passing through tho crystalline Ions. Thus ' a ray emanating from tho head of this arrow would cross tho upnor part of tlio Ions, and would bo bout across it to wnrd8~tho lowbrjiart of tho rotina. Again, a ray starting from tho lower end of- the ar row would entor ,tbo lowor part of tho lens, and then bo bont up towards tho upubr.nnrt of.tho retina, whilst a ray from thoiniddle of' tho arrow will p'aaa straight thraugli. But paaaing through tho lens uaa olfoctcd n wonderful change, Tjoth in tho sizo andposi tion of tho arrow ; it is now much smaller than bofot-o, and, what iB lnoao remarlrable, it is now turned upsido down. ' I will illua trato tbia with tho glass lona outof my modal, placing behind1 it- a. lighted eamllo, and a licco of smoked .-glow m tho front, for yon to see the offeot. Now you will soothe, llat'no nf 'ho eamllo through tho glass, but it is smaller and turned upsido down. Thia is really what happens in our oyo ; every im-1 pression mado on tho rotina is upside down. If you take an animal's ? oyo and curefnlly thin down tho thick whito sclerotic you may sec tho reflection of objects upon it, and you will see that those ropicaontationa aro all in- ' verted j . people aro walking about head downwards, Jte. Nowyou willall wondorhow it is that wo see things in their proper posi tion, and the explanation in no easy matter ; however, in as few words ns posaiblo, 1 will trv to uxnlain it. 'Tho head of tho arrow in my diagram occupies a bicher position than tlio byo. AVhon a ray of light from it outers tho oyo, it ia bent down towards tho lower part of tho retina, thoroforo tho ima^ea of all objects which occupy a higher position that tho oyo fall upon tho lowor part of tho rotina. In a similar manner tho ray of light coming from tho lower end of the arrow falla on the upper part of tho rotina, and images of all objects occupying a lower position than' that of the eyo, fall on the upper part of the ro tina. Now, thon, rovorso thoso statements. All objects wlioao imngoa fall on tho lower part of the retina occupy a higher position ban that of tho oye, and nil objects whoso images fall on the upper part of tho rotina occupy a lowor position than that of the eye. The mind of evory -person knows these facts, because it has proved the truth of them in other waya, and especially haa tho sense of touch l.olned us in this matter. Thus, 1 touch thia board and find it higher than my head. I look at it and Bee that it ia liighor than my head, but tho imago which has pro. duced that impression hoa fallen- on the lowor part of. my rotina. Therefore my ndinnont rbfers all objects whoso imagos all upon tho lowor part of tho retina to a position hie- bcr than my bond and vice. rend. Now, if I look at a homo tho imago of tho roof will fall upon tho lower part of tho ro tina, whilst ita base will occupy, tho upper' part, but my judgment cornea to tho rescue; and sots tho object before rho mind in its proper position. If I place tno Ions again between tho candle andglas9 you will seo that tho glass loni and candlo must bo placed at certain oxact distances from each other to prodnco a perfect imago.' If tho candlo be moved back the imago is blurred, and I must movo tho lens to a point nearer the alasa, to roprodiico tho perfect image. Or, if tho cnndlo bo moved closor to liho loua, thon it rauat bo hold further' from tho glass. If I had several lenses ot different thick imqtjncj T initrlih slinw voil f.iiflt instead Ot inoriiiK the Ions when tho candle ia moved, T could reproduce tho imago by placing iu a different lens. A'thicker ono than this when furthor removed. You know that ono mimito you can bo looHmg nt an object x\, roilo on, and tho next bo reading a book in your hand. 'Vet iu-your eye thero is but ono lous( and this- Ions cannot shift its position.' Now, this is accomplished thus : Suppose that, instoad of havintr the sot of lenses, tho ono I havo was elastic, and could he made what thick ness Ir like. Then T could reproduce tho imago- with tlio same Ions, although tho cnndlo maybe moved either way. Thia is itist what occurs in the crystalline lens of tho oye. When, wo look at a distant object by an effort of the will wo can malio this lens much thinnoror thioker wlion a. nearer object* is viowed. -? ITcuce tho oyo posscssos a solf regulating power adapting itaelf to nil dia tnncoa, and this power is chiefly exerted by tlio crystalline lens by virtue of its elasticity. You can eaaily prove this by looking at two objects in a lino, tho ono far bayond tho othor. When you look at oithor ono atten tively, the other ia indistinct. on viaiohitsolf!' Who' wo'' Ionic at any par ticular objaet wo sot tho oyos in snob 'a posi tion that tho imago of that object shall fall on tho yellow 'spot which I was pre viously describing. Tf yon put the point of your finger on either ovo and press it iip whilst looking at tho object, you will sgg tho object double, or rather see two images. This is bocause thoimageon ono retina is in a diMcrcnt position to that on tho other. Again, if you mako two marks on a piece of paper, and hold them about oiEfhtcou inches from tho riijht oyo, keeping tho left olosoil, when you look at tho mark on tho loft sido you can seo liotli marks distinctly. But whilst looking at this mark steadily, 'if tho book bo slowly moving towards tho oye, the mark on tho right sido will suddenly dis appear JFovo tlie paper a littlo nearer to tho face, and both marks will como into view again. This allows that thero is a spot in tho retina which ia totally Wind, and this blind spot is the, entrance of tho optic nerve. Another very curioiis fact is, that the imago of an object falling en tho oyo is not ini mmliatnlv lost, tho mind takintr some time to ctrasp the idea or imago of tlio object, oow, if you piaco two objects quickly boforo tho oyo, ono after the other. the mindis unable to separate them. You all know how to mako 'red ribbon' with tho ond of a burning stick, Soma of you again may have scan the **'whool of- life, ' thaumatroiio, and othor toys, in which this infirmity bos been utilised. , These things just produco a dolu But wlion you look at a thing how do you know what shape it is, how lnrgo, or ? what, the materials whicli compoao it ? Let mo illustrate my question by the enso of a boy who bnd boon bom blind. At tho afro of twelve years an operation lot light into bis eyes niid gavo him the powers of vision, Hiit ho had never aeon anything before, mid now ho ia prousiod to toll what ho 'does seo; ovorythiug nppenred to him flat, like n picture does to us. Ho wns very fond of a cat and dog, hut when ho saw them ho was utterly at a loss.to tell the one from the other, and often mndo the most amusing in 1 stakes. One day ho was observed to take tho cat up in hi» arms and look at her carefully, at tlie same time feeling her with his hands so as to associate the- sonso of touch with tho sense of sight : then putting her clown ho exclaimed, 'So puss, I shall know you another time. ' This and other instances prove conclusivelv that wo could know nothing of form by the aonso nf, sight alone. Tho. two senses, feeling and sight, act in concert until wo becotno so acquainted with form that at a. glanco tho mind con* dudes that olijeots which show certain peculiarities well known to itself, possess cor? tnin forma. ' . . , The fiizo of an objoct,ngnin, is an act purely of tho judgment, and the apparent sizo will 'greatly dopond upon the distance tho oyo is from tho object: But liow do you know the distance?. How can you know .whether an object ia.n ynrd or a mile distant? . Thus, you see a man 'a long diatanco off, and he ap peara to »e not moro-than 'a foot liiph. How do yon know that Mis moro? This is nn not;of the judgment. Yon havo -been closo to other individuals, you have touched them and yon conclndo that tho individual ; seen. ! is about tho samo size.- But you do :more.: -. Tlio; imago -.seen appears about a '- foot high, ' you tii'droforo conclndo .that, tho individual. mist Ik iv long diatanco oil', ami in great part 'your iniml estimates . that distance by tho sine of ' tho' 'object, ;U real sizo being well known to you; ? 'The in fant in often observed trying to grasp objects, but fails to do so through an imperfect Idea of tWir distance, as well as n defedtiyb 'idea of thoir sizo. ; ? '???? ? '''' ' -:' ' \- All I have now mid alludes to impressions made on, the retina by external ! objects,1 -. but auppoao that somo unhealthy .state of tlio ro tina itself, or aomo 'unhealthy state of tho bodjv should ' produco similar ' effects upon tho brain, thon you would1 got ideas of tho objects without their 'aetuoFpreaorice! . This is what often occurs, nnd such iinprcBlions givo rise to ghost stories', visions', and I know not what besido. If you would, liko to' see a good oxiimplo of this, watch tbo man who is suffering from delirium Iraiunu,, liml' you will soon Co impressed with tho fact that he sees tbo ' bluo dovils,' aa certainly as you seo him. Indeed, ollr aenso of sight is moro liable to delusion than any other Hciiso. lui preaaions falling upon the eye hnvo to ho in arnretod, or their value estimated,: by -the udgmont, but if tho judgment bo at.tlm then itoeriutarprebitioSP°wi'lM)oOC fallacious! - Thus Sir . Wnltor Scott, after/, being pro- ? roundly engaged in reading Byron's poonn, walkodoutofhiHsittingioomiutothopntranco hall.'aml immediately saw right before him in a standing poaturo the exnut' representation of his departed friend, whose1 recnlluctiou wns just then occupying, his M-holo mind. Ho stonnod for a single 'momeut, no aa to notico tho wonderful accuracy with '.which fancy impressed upon tho -bodily oyo' the peculiarities of dress and posture of the illus trious pnot. Ho stoppoil onwards towards tho ligni-o, which resolved itsolf, ns. ho ,np ;rea.t coata, uliawla*; ' plaids; and bucH other nrticlca as nro uaually found in a country on trnuco-hutl. Again, a wholo abip's company saw tho apparition of thoir cook, who liml died a few ilnys boforo, walking' ahead ot tho ahip, with his own pociilinr gnit ; ? but on steci-iug the ahip townrds tho object, it wna found to bo a pieco of floating wreck. -., .,- Mr. A, ,T. Tayloii said it was agnin his pleasant duty to propose a vote of thanks 1o the lecturer. . As nil wore aware. this was the concluding -lecture, of the series, nnd bo felt quite sure that nil' who had listened to 15r. Ben.jtifield felt obliged to him for the entertainment and 'instruction which he had provided during* the ' past few weeks. Ho wns jjlnd to be able to an nounce thnt Dr. Ben, jaficld had consented to deliver another lecture at aii euriy.dato, on the subject of public health, dud oil that occasion it was tlic intention of tlie association to present him with a testimb'-' nial, as a small acknowledgment of tho vory valuable services ' which he had ren dered (applause), and also, to recognise the kindness of Mr. lloblin; who had so willingly assisted in illustrating. the sub7 jeet ot the lectures with -his microscopes. (Applause.) *'.;.' ' ~ '.''' , The vote was seconded by Mr. Walker, and carried by acclamation. ; ' ','?'. 