ARRIVAL OF THE S.S. TARTAR WITH THE , ENGLISH-CALIFORNIAN ESTATE. STRANDING OF THE MACGREGOR AT KANDAVU. HOPES ENTERTAINED OF GETTING HER OFF. Tuesday's Sydney Morning Herald says The Australasian and American mail steam- ship Tartar, Captain J. S. Ferries, arrived in harbour at 3 o'clock this morning from Auckland, with the mails and passengers of the steamship Macgregor, which had gone ashore on the shoal inside the reef at Kandavu. It appears that at the time of the Macgregor going ashore | she was in charge of the pilot of the port (Mr. Frost). The Hon. S. Samuel and Mr. H. H. Hall, the managing director of the company, are passengers by the Tartar. THE MACGREGOR'S PASSAGE FROM SAN FRANCISCO. Mr. H. Weaver, the purser of the Macgregor (s.), lins forwarded the following report of their passage from San Francisco to Kandavu The Macgregor (s.) left San Francisco on Tuesday, the 3rd, at him. ; passed Farmhouse at 6 a.m. Experienced strong N E. gale with heavy sea, causing the ship to labour heavily till noon 4th, when wind hauled easterly and moderated, and continued light with occasional showers until 4 a.m. on the 6th, when wind hauled N. and freshened, and continued to blow fresh until arrival at Honolulu. Arrived at Honolulu on February 11th, at 10-30 pm. ; landed 18 passengers, 5 bags mail, 55 half tons maize.' Received 4 passengers, 5 bags mail, 84] tons sugar for New Zealand, and 248- tons general cargo for Australia. Left Honolulu at 6 p.m., and, after waiting some time on tide for despatches, proceeded on voyage at 745 p.m. Moderate K.E. and easterly winds, with smooth sea and fine weather, until. Saturday, February 21st, when the wind veered to the N.W., and from thence light and variable winds, with occasional squalls, until February 23rd, when we passed through Kinuka Passage, with pleasant westerly breeze and fine clear weather. C a.m. on February 24th, sighted Mount Washington, and passed a barque standing N. E. Arrived at Kandavu at 1 p.m. the same day. At midnight on February 9th, latitude 2616 longitude 142 IG passed steamer steering northward, supposed to be the City of Melbourne. WRECK OF THE MACGREGOR. The following report of the running on a roof of the steamer Macgregor has been kindly pro- pared by Captain J. S, Ferries, of the Tartar (s) c-The Tartar (s left her moorings at Sydney on the 14th February, at 12 and) p.m. ; came to anchor at Watson's Bay, awaiting the arrival of the Rangatira (s. with mails and passengers from Melbourne was detained there till the 26th February, the Rangatira having been detained by adverse winds at 9 '30 a m. weighed and proceeded on our voyage. Experienced strong head winds and heavy cross sea all the passage. Arrived off Kandavu at, 8 p.m. 22nd February, and lay off till daylight. Took pilot on board at 8 a.m. and went into harbour. At 9 a.m. made fast alongside the Mikado (s.). Transferred mails, passengers, and cargo. At 4 30 p.m. on the 23rd the Mikado weighed and proceeded on her voyage to San Francisco. On the 25th the Macgregor (s.) arrived from San Francisco and came alongside at 2 p.m. to transfer mails and passengers. At 11 "45 p.m. the Macgregor (s.), cast off, the pilot stating that he could take both steamers to sea that night by the Star of the South (s leading the way. All the steamers proceeded slowly towards the entrance of the harbour. The leading seaman failing to find the passage as the moon had gone down, judged it advisable to anchor till daylight. At 5.15 a.m. on the morning of the 20th, the Macgregor (s.), got under weigh, in charge of Pilot Frost, the Tartar (s.) weighing and following slowly in her wake. At 6-15 p.m. the Macgregor struck on the shoal inside the reef ; the Tartar came near to the stern of the Macgregor and anchored. At the request of Captain Grainger passed a hawser to tow her off. After a trial of several hours, during which time we parted all our best hawsers, it was thought expedient to lighten the Macgregor forward, and await the night tide. This was accomplished by the Star of the South (s.) going alongside the Macgregor, and receiving from 80 to 90 tons of cargo from her for transhipment to Auckland. The Tartar then made fast to the Macgregor with stream chains and best hawsers ; after a three hours' trial it was thought advisable to remove aft a portion of coal remaining forward in the Macgregor, and make another trial at the day side of the 27th. This was done and likewise proved unsuccessful. It was then considered in- expedient to make any further tried to get the Macgregor oil until she was thoroughly lightened forward. We found after consultation, that this would occupy too much time, and it was thought advisable to transfer all mails and passengers to the Tartar. This was accomplished, and the Tartar went outside the roof without a pilot, at 7 p.m. At 8,30 proceeded on our voyage; to Sydney, by way of Auckland. Captain Grainger expressed himself as fully confident that on removing all his coal and cargo aft, his ship will Hunt off the shoal, and he will then proceed to Sydney without delay. The solo blame of the mishap is attributable to Pilot Frost, as with ordinary caution,nodangor need be incurred in entering the harbour of Kandavau by day. When the lights now placed, are in position, it will be equally safe by night. On the passage down, the Tartar (s.) experienced E.S.E. winds, with heavy cross sea. At 220 p.m. on March 3rd, was abreast of the Poor Knights. Anchored off the Rangitoto Reef at 10.45 p.m. on 3rd March. Time of passage from Kuudnvii four days and two hours. A complimentary dinner was given at Dol monica's, New York, by Mr. R. W. Cameron, the eminent Australasian shipper of that city, to the Hon. Saul Samuel, Postmaster-General of New South Wales, and Mr. H. Hall, US. Consul at Sydney, and Managing Director of the Australasian and American Mail Steamship Company. HONOLULU. Election of a King. A special session of the Legislature was called for February 12th, for the purpose of electing permanent officers of the State, and for the election of a King for the Islands, in the place of his late Majesty Kamehameha V. Charles H. Bishop was chosen Minister of Foreign Affairs ; Edwin O Hall Minister of the Interior ; Robert Stirling, Minister of Finance ; A. F. Judd, Attorney-General of the Kingdom. A ballot was then taken for a King, which resulted as follows :-: Hon D. Kalukama. Hil votes. Queen Emma. 0 votes. His Excellency the President declared the Hon. D. Knlahama choEon king of the Hawaiian Group, in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution. DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. [Cable Despatch.] St. Pktbkshuuo, January 23rd. The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired, the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, wore velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American Diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Ohumborluins, and other officers of the Court loading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prill co Arthur. Then, came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of UuiniRsiors, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the Binnu style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur noted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. The procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the Church, assum- ing his station with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet ; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and interred prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair, Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Sergius that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said " Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for the handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was' relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded the marriage at Cana of Gallilee was read The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding to the tip of the con- fessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. After- ward the choir sung " Glory to Thee, O Lord !" concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hull of Alexander for the Anglican service.. Dean Stanley of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnization of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surplice with a jewelled collar of the Order of Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English colony were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gortschakoff, surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost bless, preserve, and keep you," was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly- married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced ; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy-the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel the Empress of Russia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place, and the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites, there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball, the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and officers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. By the kindness of Captain Clinch we are in possession of a Borne News dated 13th January, published for transmission by the mails via Brindisi and San Francisco. Our latest files via Suez were to 20th December. This morning we will be in possession of papers to 23rd January. From the Horns News placed at our disposal by Captain Clinch we make the following extracts : With this, the first issue of the Home News for the New Year, is commenced the publication of a semi-monthly edition. Readers are already aware that with the new postal arrangements this was intended, and it is confidently hoped that the change will be permanent, and that in future our friends will hear from us twice a month at least. With the progress of the times it is not difficult to believe that at no distant day the pleasure and privilege may become a weekly one. Although since we last wrote some improvement has been made in the scheme for the transmission of letters and papers to the colonies, it is hardly perfect yet, The Queensland Government has intimated its intention of affording to northern colonists the privilege of receiving their mails by any of the routes, and in this consists the improvement referred to Tasmania, South and Western Australia, have hitherto made no sign, and for the present receive their letters via Galle only. It only requires that the want of wisdomiudicatedin this should be understood to render a change inevitable. South and Western Australia will, it is true, gain less than the eastern colonies by availing themselves of the route via San Francisco, still the gain would be a real and tangible one. For the Home News it has been arranged that the whole of the colonies shall be supplied by both routes, the existing postal arrangements notwithstanding. a Her Majesty the Queen and the Princess Beatrice are at Osborne, and in the enjoyment of good health. Prince Albert Victor, eldest son of the Prince and Princess of Wales, completed his tenth year on Thursday last, having been born on January 8th, 1864. The Duke of Edinburgh has appointed Lieutenant John W. Ramsay, of the Royal Navy, to be equerry to his Royal Highness, in the room of the Hon. Eliot Constantine Yorke, resigned and the Hon. Eliot Constantine Yorke to be extra Equerry to His Royal Highness. Chief among our social topics are those relating to Royalty, and chief of these the approaching marriage of the Duke of Edinburgh. Her Majesty remains at Osborne, where she spent her Christmas ; the Prince and Princess of Willes doing the same at home, that is to say at Sandringham. The Duke of Edinburgh has left England to pursue his wooing-if, indeed, that can be called a wooing that comes after the winning, and arrived at Berlin on the last day of the old year. Here he was, of course, made much of, and made a colonel in the army also. He is now in St. Petersburg, where the most elaborate preparations are made for the ceremony. The Prince and Princess of Wales left London on Saturday night in order to join the wedding party. One of the last acts of His Royal Highness before leaving London wits to unveil a statue erected in memory of his father by " a gentleman unknown," save to a favoured few, placed in position at the western - extremity of the Holborn Viaduct. The site is an excellent one, of the statue the critics have not yet ventured to pronounce. It is equestrian, and the Prince is uncovered, an unfortunate position to be in in this climate, and at this time of the year. Our issue of of the 23rd instant will doubtless contain the particulars of the wedding. The coming event has been fore shadowed by more than one aristocratic marriage. The Duke of St. Albans has married the daughter of Mr. Bernal Osborne, and the occasion was declared to signify " a great day for Ireland." Mr. Gladstone has bestowed his daughter upon a clergyman, and the Premier took advantage of the occasion to express his gratification and content. The newspapers made a speech of it, and an intimation of its private character had to be conveyed through the same columns. The intimation looked very like a censure, and the matter certainly deserved one. Speaking of the Conservative reaction, and before the dissolution, the Home News says : Of course, the Tory papers attribute these results to the turning of the tide in their favour. The Liberal journals give forth a somewhat un- certain sound-carelessness, the ballot, want of organisation, and other influences not quite so innocent, are more than hinted at. Among these may be mentioned the injudicious utters ances of Some ultra-Liberal Sir Charles Dilke among them. This gentleman has again delighted his supporters at Chelsea with an harangue against Royalty, Government, Liberalism (effete), and every other ism save Dilke ism. Our Sovereign Lady the Queen is credited with saying one of her " good things " in connection with some of these utterances. " I do not," the Queen is said to have said, smilingly, I do not understand why he dislikes us so. His father's feeling were so very different. I have had Sir Charles on my knee when he was a child, and I have stroked his hair. I suppose I must have stroked it the wrong way." Those who met with the Republican baronet in Australia, and who have read his book thereupon, will perfectly appreciate the crispness of the Royal epigram. Mr. A Amphlett has been advising the publicans not to ask too much, and as opposed to this the Executive Council of the Good Templars has issued a circular, calling upon all members to vote only for such members of Parliament as shall pledge themselves to oppose all licenses for the sale of intoxicating beverages and the prohibition of their manufacture. A somewhat unexpected result has attended the working of the Licensing Act. It almost, if not entirely, prohibits the issuing of new licenses, and since it became law, public-house property has risen in value fully fifty per cent. Publicans, distillers, and brewers have therefore grown rich even more rapidly than usual in consequence of the practical operation of a law that was intended to repress them. A meeting has been held at Birmingham, having for its objects the bringing about of an arbitration between King Koft'ee and the Queen of England. It is said that all the muskets taken from the Ashantees bear an unmistakeable " Brummagem " brand upon them. The home rule for Ireland movement has received a new impetus of late. During the past week a series of meetings have been held in various parts of the metropolis for the purpose of organising a union of Irishmen in London on the subject. The meetings have been addressed by a deputation from the Home Rule Confederation of Great Britain, Mr. John Martin, M.P , occupying the chair, and the result has been the appointment of a committee whose duty it will be to take home rule pledges from every candidate for Parliament and to forward the movement generally. Speaking of the Ashantee war the Home News says It is at the best a " miserable war," and it seems a question whether either the natives or the white residents on the Gold Coast are worth protecting. The situation must, however, be accepted, and the best made of a bad bargain. _ Already the expedition has not been without its disasters. The climate has claimed its victims, and the son of Lord Elcho is among them. The Hon. Mr. Charteris was one of the first to volunteer to share the perils and fortunes of Sir Garnet Wolseley. He did good service on the coast, was stricken with fever, ordered home to recruit, died on the passage; and was buried at sea. He was twenty-six years of age, and had apparently a brilliant career before him. The following are a few particulars as to the Tichborne trial : " To the jury has been paid £2000 to the short hand writers, close on £2000 to the printers, nearly £4000. The prosecuting counsel five in all-have swallowed over £14,000. The defendant's counsel are paid miserably compared with the prosecution, but the exact amount is not known. Some of the witnesses for the prosecution received very large fees-one £1000, another £700, and a third £500. Of course they came from Australia and Chili, and their evidence was deemed necessary. Altogether the ' little bill' on one side alone, when it comes to be added up, must reach close on £150,000." In November last, there died at the village of Grade, Northamptonshire, an old widow lady, named Gulliver, who in her last moments had been attended by Mrs. Waters, the wife of a surgeon at Worcester, to whom the old lady had herself written, inviting a visit. Mrs. Gulliver was also attended by her medical man, who, after the death, gave a certificate that the cause was heart disease. It appeared, however, that she was possessed of considerable property, and that some of her relatives, thinking themselves aggrieved by the disposition of it, had come to the conclusion that foul play had been used by Mrs. Waters. They fancied, in fact, that she had administered poison to Mrs. Gulliver. They accordingly had the body exhumed, and at a coroner's inquest evidence of a most inconclusive kind was given as to the cause of death. The jury, however, found that the death had been caused by poison, ""but by" whom administered there was not sufficient evidence to say. " A warrant was immediately issued for the apprehension of Mrs. Waters, who had journeyed with her husband from Worcester to be present at the inquest, but ere it could be executed the unfortunate lady was seized with violent convulsions, and almost immediately expired. A post-mortem examination followed, and the medical men, coupling its results with the symptoms preceding death, gave it as their opinion that it had been produced by poison, probably by strychnine It was also stated that the deceased had been subject to fits, and that the agitation caused by the circumstances which followed Mrs. Gulliver's death brought on attacks of greater intensity than usual. Against such attacks her customary remedy was morphia, and the fact that morphia had been traced to her possession originally strength the suspicion against her. The evidence, however, that she poisoned Mrs. Gulliver was of the most flimsy and inconclusive character, and the agony caused by being made the object of so terrible a charge "drove her to use one of those potent drugs, such as strychnine, with which her knowledge of her husband's laboratory had made her familiar, in order to avert the disgrace of a public apprehension us a murderess. From the facts, as published, it would seem that no warrant should over have been issued, and the whole painful story suggests that some check should be available against the application of such proceedings to persons who are supposed to be guilty merely because they are the victims of village gossip. At Gloucester Assizes, Charles Edward Butt, a young farmer, aged twenty-two, was indicted for the wilful murder of Amelia Selina Phipps in the autumn. The prisoner and the deceased had been for some time on terms of intimacy approaching on his part to courtship. It appeared however, that Miss Phipps treated him somewhat coolly, and one Sunday a quarrel took place arising out of her having arranged to drive with one of her brother's friends to Gloucester Fair on the following day. The prisoner wished to take her himself, and on several occasions he entreated her to go with him, and upon her refusing he threatened to take her life. In the evening Miss Phipps walked with him upon the lawn, and it appeared that she again refused to go with him to Gloucester, whereupon he produced a. loaded gun, which he had scored a short time previously behind some shrubs, and shot her. He escaped, but after some days was captured. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and he was sentenced to death. Great exertions to obtain a remission of the capital sentence were made, but without effect. At the beginning of the year it may naturally be asked what progress has been made in winding up the affairs of the Irish Church, and what prospect there is of realising the surplus. From the official returns it appeared that on Jan. 1st, 1871, the total number of clergy and officers who commuted was £102, of whom 1459 wore incumbents, 021 curates, 570 Nonconformist ministers, and 3203 Church officers. The total number of non-combatants was 415, of whom about 20 were incumbents, 15 curates, 30 Nonconformist clergy, and 300 Church officers. About 100 Church officers lodged claims at the close of 1873, and the time for lodging any further claims has now expired, The estimated surplus of about five millions will not be forthcoming for many years if some means be not found for getting rid of the rent charges. The total number of applications by owners for liberty to purchase by instalments extending over fifty-two years up to the 31st of May last, the date of the last return, was £105, and the amount purchased £08,217. The applications for liberty to purchase for cash amounted to 800, and the amount so purchased to £0,340. The two sets of applicants number 5000, and the whole amount purchased is£107,557 4s. 8d. It will be soon that only about oneeighth of the whole number of owners (40,000) have applied to purchase, and the amount purchased is about one-fourth of the whole. ' It is not owing to any remissness on the part of the commissioners that more have not applied, for their attention has been called by circulars to the advantage which they would derive from the conversation of the rent charge into a terminable annuity. If the commission, however, is not to be of indefinite duration, it will be necessary to make it compulsory upon owners to convert the rent- charges into annuities, with a power of redemptionundorcertain fair conditions. There is an additional motive in the fact that the Church Temporalities Commissioners, in the payment of compensation, have the security of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to the extent of about eight millions, and if these rent charges are not converted into annuities, the security of the commissioners may be weakened, as questions may arise hereafter as to the title of the Crown to the rent-charges-a difficulty which would be avoided by this simple expedient. Fatal Steamboat Disaster A terrible accident occurred on the Tyne on Dec. 26th, by which eighteen lives were lost. The morning was pitch dark when the steamship Gipsy Queen left North Shields with a number of seamen and watermen, whom she had to place on the hoppers and dredgers in various parts of the Tyne. Calling at the Tyne Dock, she took more men on board, making the total number on the boat between forty and. fifty. On the north side of the river a wreck was sunk near a dredger, and, notwithstanding the fact that a brilliant light was seen burning over the wreck, the master of the steam-tug steered right into it. The boat struck the wreck with a fearful crash, and made a large hole in her starboard bow, and in a minute and a half the boat sank, head foremost. The bulk of the men who were thrown into the water clung together in a mass, and they seem to have drowned each other by clinging to each other's legs and arms. The scene was a terrible one. The cries of the drowning men could be heard for a great distance. A man who was going up in a small boat picked up six men, and the dredges boat put off and saved ten. Four of the men who are saved, though they burnt their hands very much by doing so, held by the boat's funnel until they were taken off, and another was rescued by a dog. In all eighteen persons were drowned, and twenty eight were saved. Most of the drowned men whose bodies had been recovered had gone down in a cluster, and they have left widows and families. The entire steamer's crew were lost in the small boat which they launched, and which swamped with them. At the inquest, Henry Carter, employed by the River Commissioners to watch the sunken wreck on which the Gipsy Queen struck, said that the two wreck lights placed to warn passing vessels of danger were burning brightly, as were three other lights on the dredger. He noticed the Gipsy Queen, having about fifty commissioners' workmen on board, coming up the river from the Tyne Dock landing. At first the tug was in the proper channel, but when near the sunken hopper she suddenly came in towards the north. He shouted, " Keep to the southward," but received no answer. Seeing the course of the Gipsy Queen was not altered, he again shouted, '' Stop her," but instantly he heard the crash of the tug striking on the sunken wreck, and then she came to a dead stop, and immediately settled down. He got assistance, and proceeded in a small boat to rescue the drowning men, whose cries on all sides were frightful. He succeeded in saving thirteen men, and then had to desist, as their boat was nearly lost because overladen. Before they got to shore all was quiet. Had the steamer kept her proper course she would have cleared the sunken wreck by four times her breadth. He knew the crew of the Gipsy Queen ; they were careful, steady men. The inquiry stands adjourned and the funerals of the seven men took place the next day. The cortege was witnessed by thousands of people Subscrip- tions are being gathered for the bereaved families. _ THE NEXT PAPAL ELECTION. It was, says the Home Äeto«,reported some time since that the Pope had issued a bull in reference to the next Papal election, which was said to be named Presented Cadavero," but as such its existence was denied. The bull, however, had been issued, but under the title " Apostolical Sedis Nunciis," and dated May 28th, 1873. The following is the text : "Pius, Bishop, c-We consider it the office and especial duty of the Holy Church to protect its present and future integrity. As the audacity of our enemies leaves no stone unturned to impede us in the execution of our holy authority, we shall endeavour, by God's grace and help to keep watchful guard over it, and protect and support it. And in order to guard against such assaults, even after our death we feel ourselves compelled to make arrangements regarding the election of our accession to the Holy Chair, lest it should be attempted in any way to prevent or disturb or distort the electoral assembly. After what has been done by such men as are high in authority, and puffed up with the wind of popular favour, have shown their hatred of the Catholic faith by their conduct _ to our venerable episcopal brethren, everything may be expected from, them: Perchance they are already scheming in their hearts to oppose us in secret and in public, and either to prevent the election of any Pope at all, or to secure such a one as would support them in their evil plans. Therefore we follow the example of our predecessor of blessed memory, Pope Pius VI., who, equally persecuted, hesitated not to hasten to the assistance of the Christian Republic, and intend, therefore, to provide against the present and future dangers threatening the Church, according to our best ability. Now, as we see that the difficulties surrounding us are becoming greater, day by day, we cannot but confess that the situation requires extraordinary measures. For these and other reasons we will provide by those present for the quicker and easier election, after our death of a Roman Pontiff, that the proper and solemn ceremonies attending so important a matter have hitherto permitted. Thus, of our own free will, and in virtue of our apostolical authority, we do hereby suspend not only those laws relating to the place where the election is to be held-that is, in the place where the Roman Pontiff may have died-but also those laws and rules regarding the ceremonies and customs which by no means constitute the com- pleteness and character of a canonical election. It is true, we are well aware, that in the absence of immediate dangers and hindrances, those laws are most wisely ordered to be observed, as it is apparent from the constitution, ' Elbi particular' promulgated by Holy Gregory, the ' No Romani' of Clement V., promulgated at the Council in Vienna, 1311 ; from Licet in Constitution ' of Clement VI in 1351 ; from Incliqueiidis' of Pius X. in 1562 ; from two of Gregory XVI. in 1621, ' Eternal Paris and Decet Romnnum Pontiflcom and finally from the Ad Romani Pontificis ' of Urban VIII., in 1020, and the Apostolic Officials ' of 1707. But, as circumstances have so changed that everything is to be feared from crafty man who only call themselves Catholics, as well as belonging to the bands of heretics, we hereby absolve our brethren the cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, generally and individually, from the fulfilment of the oath they have sworn to observe and support the above constitutions, and do hereby declare them absolved of such oath. And this decision applies not only to the election immediately after our death, but also to other subsequent elections, in case our successor to the Holy Chair should not be able to provide for a future election, be it in consequence of sudden or unexpected decease, or from any other reason. Further we are aware that it is severally permitted by various Apostolic constitu- tions, especially by the 'Qituni Secuudum' of Paul IV. to discuss without the permission or knowledge of the Pope, and during his life, the election of his successor, we absolve the cardinals of the Holy Roman Church from the observance of all such duties, in so far that they shall be free to discuss the means whereby such haste as may be judged necessary may be made compatible with the holy character of the ceremony. Thus they are hereby permitted to fix the day of the future election, to settle upon the observance or non-observance of the 1 clauses,' and to arrange all things in connection with the timely and free election of the Roman Pontiff. As regards the place where such election is to be held, it shall remain free to him on whom, as is proper, the duty devolves after our loath, to fix on any spot he may deem advisable, if, as we four may be the case, the elections cannot be freely conducted in Rome, be such spot in the Principality of Monaco, some French town, or even in Malta, so the liberty necessary for the accomplishment of so holy a work may be assured. This, however, we forbid, us all our predecessors have done, namely, that any of the cardinals of the Holy Roman Church should meet to discuss upon the person of our successor as long as it shall please Almighty God to preserve our life. And inasmuch as this present matter is of the highest moment, and doubtless the unity as well as the peace of the Catholic Church depends on the election of the future Pontiff, we, in virtue of our apostolical authority do command the cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, under pain of excommuni- cation, to faithfully observe the contents of this, our Constitution. We, however, conclude with the words of our predecessor of blessed memory, the brave and invincible Pontiff Pius V., in his 'Quinn nos superior anno ' : ' By the bowels of our God and Saviour, by the love the Holy Ghost bath poured into our bosoms, and by the sacred oath ouch cardinal lins sworn to protect and defend the Church of Christ with his life's blood, we adjure all individually and collectively in this great danger to set aside all personal considerations for the glory of God and the peace of the Church, and unanimously to prevent the vessel of St. Peter from being wrecked by neglecting immediately to appoint a pilot to steer it safely through the storms raging around it, and to save the whole of the Catholic world from the wolves that would devour its sheep, and not leave it clamouring in vain for a shepherd and a guide. And let them be assured that however much they may have proved their faith by their submission to so many and so great troubles for Christ's sake, and for the glory of the Church, they can give no greater proof of their faith than by the speedy election of a Pontiff, and that in setting aside their personal claims, they will have shown themselves actuated only by the desire to secure the peace of the Church and the welfare of Christianity, and to avert the dangers threatening the whole world." Given at St. Peter's, Rome, in the year of our Lord, 1873, and the 27th of our Pontificate. 