¿MAGÍNAHOÑ IN MONEY MATTERS. ' ? ? (.Frm.tlu Sptäalor.) NoTBraa would seem sq little 'liable to the.infla-^ encé of imagin^bn aa the. condition of- the money market, and nothing is really much more aubjcct.tO; it Just, at tbia-momeut, as everybody knows, the City is in 'an anxious, and borturbea, state, and with considerable reason. The tfank^. having/only seven millions in' its "banking' reservé, has put but its storm-drum, .raising ¡its.. ; rat^^ discount to .7-percent', apdwemay bejin a -few days- in'the midst, of a. money crisis. If, \--"America makes " heávy drafts," say of £20QfiQ0\ 'by each mail-that is, a million a week^-or Ger: many' suddenly ' asks for 'a big sam - in. .anticipation o\ the election' ol' the Comte de Chambord ; or, if the country banks ,dr*w heavily, either-to guard themselves or to«aid customers, who in parts of England 'have no-crop, to speak bf ; or if, which ia really likely, Mark .Lane must for once pay in advance fer '* hurrying forward" the wheat from Illino» and the West,; \- then -the storm-drum must go to the masthead, the' -imagination of men ; will . wake, and the Bank Charter Act will in à couple of days or so be once more suspended.- ..Those things may happen, though we are by. no means confident they will ' -happen j but whether-they happen br no will be ?due iu -avery largo degree to* the imaginativeness 'of people about their money; thc sort of unreason- ing fear which any danger to that seems to in- spire. A good deal of this imaginativeness is, of course, founded on sound calculation, but then a. very great deal is not. Business men of course' 'Want discounts, and when the rate rises think it may rise higher, and rush for their ac- commodation, lest when the pinch comes they should get none at all. -But evea'thoy almost always imagine that the pinch will be sharper than it will 'be, and pay, away heaps bf money for. the .privilege of feeling safe when, if thty would but wait a few days, they would be just as safe without such heavyelosees; lu thia cafe, for instance, Mr. Lowe is not Chancellor of the Exchequer, or Heaven knows what might . happen, and'Mr. Gladstone is, and the whole City knows that he£would act sensibly, and suspend ' the Act in 'decent time,'-rthat -is, would dictare, \ what everybody knows-and nobody, ever says,j 'that before, serious'harm could happen to the Bank the'State would be at ita back j We are not discussing. the "merit of -that astounding, .system ; which leaves English' . credit on which, tho -world soi commerce rests, . at -the mercy of an American demand for twopence halfpenny-fancy London really caring whether .î^tw \otk wants a million or not-but it exists, .and its. working ia such as to tempt every mab .with large weekly wages to-pay, or large.bills ti discount/or large sums uf specie to. obtain for any ..reason, to over-protect'himaelf, lest the storm should last longer than he expected. It- seldom' doer-, and never would, if Parliament would either knock down the absurd distinction,be-' tween the banking reserve and tho real reserve, qr »ould fix a-figure at. which the\ Charter. Act relaxed uf itself.; tbut men under present circum- stances aro timid about theiri-money, arid instead of calculating, act os if convinced- that the very worst.wîs perfectly certain to happen. r* Private .depository ari the worst' of all. -They may know "perfectly well thit their. bank. is impregnable-' for. example^ any depositor'..who, reads! the;pro? prietory- list of . the London and' Westminster -must know, aa 'absolutely as- he .c]in know any- thing, that nothing ehurt of'the conquest of Great Britain ought to make him afraid-;,yetthey'will, all the same, rush for-'money; they do not.want, ahcT'do not know what to*do with. {They'ara afraid .of- some ghost or other in their owii mlhdsj perhaps of that day. always comiog,',but (never :y«jt come, when they shall bo paying theft ' cabmen with; bits of. siller spoons... They.can ¡wait yery well, , os banks, brokera, and .'large /wagepayers cannbt ; blft theylWon't -waijland tho crisis, which but-for their folly «would geritself 'over very well, b'ecbmea a na.tioual calamity; .It is when the private ;depc«itor^giñs'ip:ffluve that- bank'directors get [irightened, ia'nd .in- tho.Vmajority of^cases their :niuvement-.is the result ,ofuiera fear. ) If they * would« only sit still, andewait like human beings Of average' common-Benle, ^the . explosion 'çôuTd pass* over theie--heads, as. everythtngtolsô passes, and they ?wourdi ntt pe hurt!. England' ia.- not going tQ^faüj; and; it Te .England, whicu ia.-prac? .tically answerable for the reserves'lb und bankers .4waye^ee^;mMtibjBank.bf Euglfcñd; .. 1 ,^¿t .'"Théré'ifl^sbnîèthùg.' very edd; aAmosG. inexplí k.^ble;-tbb^,tlv!^5^' wMoh'Engliah jiinagW 'tibñ'wóikfoh relation to'the^óneytmarkSk* 'À.* m rule, our countrymen aro-not timid about their mbneyi'hro^^o^Ofltr reckless^fu leavingJpropeffy I'ungitarded^ andf db not kn6w ' hb,w to'hoard J but ¿ .tiwf+tttf-* «ati^heàrt.' wonderfully..' jjü : tfuhÊful^ûf/theVÇjty/vor ifc .'máy.,'ba rflietójSi ira orantViThe imoment. anytiiing , goes. wrong ^ there^they^^My ^ tbeir'íhonldenr'iight throughTiievii1 Yard, BO. '(blt Uley may barnet otft'ofwatablishmentB they Í/iVetraated,ilI:Är''lii»"(ma' truJted joici othiEiciie, bnfWe.thought ofnoemg,money. byl. ?.bank-seems to beitoo<mnch for them; «ad they j ?skulk jusltaa tHíy do béfere atooth-drawer.iltraw ' bs that "a' KttM'vánity eaten into the fear they feel ^¿"dlaiie of.'seeimujj to bé-lesáíar-aigTíted , .theineighb«r6,'lês8 prudent ind faU-lauagic« : but the main element-in monetary panic, aa far ..a» it affects -private p^oni. is- fear, totten the stronger tho moré unreasonable it. is. Ihoy. can.-, notgedridof it^trdlt the most exaggerated state, ráénts- and, as every banker has seen,i apply the big words of : the city, editors- words' perfectly justified where they arV intended to (apply-to affairs with which they;, hav.è. really not the smallest connection.. ^Argument is ¡perfectly useless in such cases; 'just 'as it. is, -when 'a theatre'is on fire.-'* The dread spreads like ?a-'panic:- among a mob, as if. the mere number, of- the-peoplei/andangered :increased the in-" dividual's fear of his,own danger,, .audjfinally there is a stampede; with. no.. resujtjexcept an ? enormous number.of unnecefl8axy:iVictims.>J3*jen their faith in. tho customary seems to faiL" They know perfectly well that no Government has. ever'dared to lot thirigsigo.top.far, they know" that,, lit. '.Gladstone i'never himself ämakes financial-' blunders! ind they- know that -an - -English -panic of that-- -kindj-for ' the fall of-a house like Overend Gurneys'waa quito's different-mMter-^twililast, if it comes at all« but-a day Ol. twdSand still they are as frightened as if they, were bill discounters. .All.reasonableness* seems'todesert them, and men who will stand, a -far heavier attack in the way bf ordinary loss behave like a Southern people with the cholera among, them. '.They àU fancy they have got it, or \- will get it, whereas it keeps its averages as regu- larly SB any other disease, and does no(t .kill half as many people as malaria will. Sit still, is.the bcBt order for quiet folk in a time of city criais, but it is*given with no-more effect, than tue same . order in a. fire.: .Everybody is blinded, by that curiouB intellectual selfishness which is not of the heart, but-of. the brain, till' he thinks 'himself the very object ..of.'the fire, and jumps, out of the window,,with the most total forgetfulness that his staircase ia of stone. 