REEDY FLAT AND UPPER ADELONG. TUMUT EXPRESS After a long and tedious job, Kim- ball and party have finished their head race, which is about fifteen miles in length. They start immediately on the tail race and with average good fortune hope to finish it in something under eight months. Bow and Party, who have been at great expense in bringing in a tail race, will wash up soon. This party have been about twelve months engaged on their race, and it is to be hoped that their first washing will partly repay their outlay, and give them good hopes for the future. Callaway and party at the Mudholes have washed up; result I believe satis- factory. This claim is reckoned a good one. At the May Day claim they are busy boxing up the tail race, and a splendid job they are making. The White Dog Reef at Upper Ade- long is again being worked, and some fair stone coming up. There is, I believe, some misunderstanding as to the owner- ship of the ground, which will of course delay operations. All the alluvial claims are in full swing, with an abundant supply of water. Another case of " horrors." — On Tuesday a man named Molands, suffer ing from the affects of drink, was brought into Wngga by senior-constable Mills, from Urana, and appeared at the police court tue ionowmg morning, xt appears that he had been wandering about Brookoug plains after having a debauch, and was quite deranged an intellect. When arrested, he was in a praying posture, and for some time he refused to lake any food, saying that it was poison. He was brought before the Urana bench, and remanded to Waggn. He had been examined by Dr Hooper, who stated his belief that Molands had sustained coup de solicl in the course of exposure during his wanderings He, however, had im proved greatly, and was quite rational in his conversation, so ho was discharged with an order for admission into the Hospital. Would it not be well if — with the view of ascertaining whether it is or is not adulteration of drink that causes these frequent cases of temporary insanity — the police were to keep a record of the public-houses or shanties at which the victims are supplied with drink. This information can generally be obtained, and if a publican had many such 44 black marks " against his name, there are means, firstly, of finding out whether he adulterates his liquor, and secondly, c i taiuly should be some of punishing him fur the villainy. — Express. Happopiiagy. — The consumption of the flesh of horses, mules, and, asses, is decidediy on the increase in Paris. Returns show- that the flesh of 2111 horses, asses, and mules were sold to the Parisian public during the first quarter of the current year, against 1275 in 1S72, and 980 in 1S70. A similar increase of consumption is also reported from the provinces. The Society for the Propagation of the Practice of Eating Horse-flesh, at their last meeting, conferred medals on M. Decrose, a military veterinary surgeon, its founder — the first to preserve horse-flesh. It was also conferred on M. Condere, 'who stated at the meeting that horse-flesh preserved in Febuary, 1S71, by M. Conderp'a poocoo, ,t..a upcucd in April, IS 71, could not be distinguished' from beef preserved according to the best methods now in use. — London Medical Becord. Milk. — The Daily Telegraph remarks that Lord Dunmore has very seasonably called the attention of the public to the dangers which lurk in the milk jug, and a new discussion of the question has arisen. An outbreak of typhoid fever in his lordship's nursery was found, after much investigation, to be traceable to the quality of the milk on which his children had been fed. The fluid in question had, it seems, been taken from a "feverish'' cow, and was, if not exactly "putrid," yet at any rate in an active_ state, of decomposition, and full of noxious products. The dairyman may do his best, and there is every reason to believe that in most London establish ments every possible precaution is adap ted. Indeed, many of the larger dairies employed skilled medical advice, and subject their farms to a regular sauitary supervision. But it is at the same time clear that no caution, however thorough, can prevent an occasional admixture of wholesome milk with unwholesome, and it is as well that households in which there are children, and where milk is largely drunk, should Jollqw the_ judi cious advice of Dr. Sputhby, and 4-.scald" or "purboil"every drop before-it is- usea-.- Exactly as water, howeyet7 npxi6uS",jbe- j comes at once sufficiently, wholesome if- it be boiled thoroughly -Before'it is used;.fqr drinking purposes, so milk, if scalded, may be used with comparative ..confi dence. '' . G' . A Short Life. — Within, one month from the completion of'the first house in Pitliole city, Pennsylvania; that city) had a telegraph office and. 'Hotel, costing "the owners 10,000 rdollars. . In one month more, there was a daily paper establish ed, and in the next a theatre ; Id another montli "another theatre, and then ' an academy of music! In sixmonths there were 74 hotels and hoarding houses ; in the seventh month the city reached , its highest prosperity. It then had about 15,000 people, elaborate water works, a city hall, and an expensive city govern ment. Then occurred the completion of labor-saving" enterprise — the so called Miller Farm Pipe Line — by which the petroleum was sent off independent of the labouring population. At once 4,000 per sons were out of employment, while 2,000 :houses--became - useless. This was the death-blow to Pithole. At onee the hotels, theatres, and the telegraph office were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, while almost every one packed up his trunk and moved out- Only nine families remain out of a population of 15,000 souls, while the railroad from Pitlmle. and Oleopolis runs only one train a. day, consisting of a locomotive and a single car, which is usually empty, other- ,wise the. charter for the road would be lost. They- still hope against hope for better times for that unfortunate city which in only seven months was born, full-grown got sick, and died. Undoubtedly this is a case unparalleled in history, modern or ancient. Neither Egypt nor Greece can givn example of such rapid changes.-— " Boston Journal." The Convict Weechurch. — Some men, thongh not actual lnnatics, whom it is necessary to restrain, are yet, either by reason of imagined wrongs, or unre strained passions, often insane; Such a character seeirts to be the mnn Weechurch, who certainly, to our minds, is not at all times accountable for his actions, and who evidently is not fit to be at large. Speaking of the man and his antecedents, the Ballarat Courier says : — " It seems that Weechurch, who made tbe savage attack upon "Warder Coghlan the other day in Pentridge, was convicted of housebreaking and stealing in Ballarat, in the year 1S66. His victims were Mr Rogers, draper, of Sturt s'reefc, and the Ballarat Hardware Company, both of whose premises he favored with larcenous visits. He was tried in company with George Garline, alias Bel!, and both were sentenced to six years' imprisonment. Garline was liberated iu 1S70, but Weechurch was detained for some mis conduct of which .he had been guilty during the currency of his sentence. With this exception he conducted himself well in the stockade ; but from the moment he was detained, as he believed, over his time, his disposition completely changed, and he behaved in such an unruly manner that he lias not been at large since he entered that prison in the company of Carline. He considered he was wrongly treated by the penal authorities, and to this impression he is indebted for all tho troubles he has been in, subsequent to that occurrence. The Boro Gold Mining Company's Tail Bace Tumbarumba. — It will at all events interest your readers, and perhaps convey some wrinkles to intending all uvial 'miners. Tlie leases, piiu.q,nlty held by Yictorian capitalists, embrace 2000 or 3000 yards of the bed of the Boro creek. The bed in this instance however, has a wider signification tliau usual, including all the broad flats be tween hill and hill. The tail race is situated about one mile below the Boro home station, at a point where the cree of that name begins to rapidly descend towards the Tumbarumba creek. Oper ations were begun (twelve months ago) by sluicing away the rotton ground, rocks and superincumbent soil. For the first 240 yards little blasting was necessary, the rocks being sufficiently rotten to work with the picks to within a few feet of the requisite depth. This part of the undertaking, was accomplished in about ten weeks by five men, when they came on solid granite. Blasting then became necessary, and to save time and expense, it was determined to bora a tunnel, with the aid of the lithofractenr, 12 feet of ibis tunnel was speedily completed when the rotton rock was struck. Near the margin of the auriferous flat for which they were aiming, a jump up was put iu. The greatest depth from the surface to the bottom of the tunnel which is 6 feet by 6 feet is something over 50 feet, tho greatest depth sluiced away is 3S feet, and for a distance of 240 yards, will average 18 feet. The jump was made at a point where the tunnel was 35 feet from the surface. The tunnel has been boxed for a distance of 360 yards with 14 inches planks, tho boxes are four feet wide and 224 inches deep. They are partly paved with stones, but chiefly with blocks of wood four inches loDg placed on end so as to counteract the attrition to which the false bottoms and pavement must he subjected, all the trees on the course of the tail race were grubbed and removed, abd from the large flat now being operated on, a large flood race has been constructed, and tue bed of rock changed. About GU yards father have been cut but not boxed since the jumps up were made. Tho ground is now fairly opened out, and prospects better than anticipated by the most sanguine shareholders ob tained, six men ran off about j? an acre last week, which according to prospect should yield about 150 ouuees of gold. By the end of the year the Company ought to . have something like 1000 ounces of gold, which will not only recoup their outlay, but give a hand some dividend besides. Mr James Gillies the Manager, is 'a first- class miner, energetic and persevering and merits success for a large amouut of both which he has thrown into the works.— Express. Extraordinary Presence of Mind in a Child. — The Hobart Town Mercury of October 31, relates the following incident — 44 On Friday last, a girl named Margaret Ayre, a nursemaid iu the family of the Rev. K Hay ward, accidentally fell into the St. Pauls River, Avoca, near its junction with the South Esk ; and but for the presence of mind shown by tbe eldest of her little charges, a little girl of six years of age, must have added another to the already long list of those.' who have lost their , lives by drowing. imthe same -place. The child, first sending- a younger- sister home to the -parsonage Lor:hejpj" went a little lower dowhfthan thescenb of.the accident, and climbing out" into? the1: tea-tree, pushed ;out a branch to;her ' nurse as she drifted down, and which she managed to catch. Finding this insufficienUto save the girl . she- then let herself down into the river, grasping a bough 4firmly with one hand, .while ;with ; the jinited aid of the other andihe tea"- tree she helped the girl into a -place of comparative safety." .Mean while the help summoned "from "the parsonage .arrived, ami the' nurse and her brave, little preserver -were safely landed on the bank and conveyed home, much exhausted from their., immersion and efforts; This little narrative shows how much may be accomplished by those valuable qualities— presence 'of mind and self-control. It may . perhaps, "be of additional interest to note that the little sirl is grandniece of one who posseseed them in an eminent degree;— -the gallant Sir John Franklin, . A Snake Stoey.— On -Monday, Lhe laugter of a farmer residing-£near Egerton, 'while walking rapidly through the bush after cattle, trod upon the ehd'rof-a' curved stick, which springing' up;' struck her smartly upon the leg wjth' its extreffiity.. Looking rouud to see from' whence the blow proceeded, she observed a snake glid ing along in close proximity, but away from her, and at once jumped to the .con clusion that she had been bitten .by the venomous reptile. Fear-stricken, -she rushed home, and having procured ahorse, at once rode off to Egerton for the assis tance of Dr Marr, who examined the part she feared was bitten, and at once allayed her fears by assuring her that she had mis-. taken the blow of a stick for the bite of a snake, and ho harm could possibly result to her if she calmed her apprehensions. Courier. . . . .. . . ?; -l- i' Border Customs. — By the North Eastern Railway, on Friday Mr W, b. Cowderoy Sec-: retary of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce arrived in Albury for the purpose of confer ring with the local Committee of the Anti- Border Customs Convention. It was decided that the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce urge upon theVictoran Government the just ness Of admitting, duty free, all the bona fide ' produce of Riverina, into their colony, such produce to include wines, cereals and tobacco leaf.— Border Post. __ v "r n. Steeplechase. The "Winner of th gQ trium- — Robin, the grey ge lors to victory in phantly carried d owner Melbonrne race the Steeplechase at the laurels meeting, adds another totto He nmn bv the sons of the v , ' tiHTg for the sum of £3 o. He of Beech. sequently sold t0 3 r m but delivery was. worth, for the same - remained in Mf never taken, andth theQ iuae.s ran in several flafc . peinliqmn the redoubtable »iver some minor Handicap, and als0 jjr Brener took events. Some months at _er tfa(j care bim in hand, an P ace soon disc0vered of his trainer, Mr Burk®> „reat turn that the horse possesse I not oMy a of speed, but also was g Brener f ndSimfor £120, made a good thing bought hmi fo . woQ the steeplechase out of lt, as he J A37o but also after- at Flemington woth £3 0 b u Tto to Cto to» figure being £oo , ,ation. It is is the stable at Howlong possesses one that is 7tUl better and if such be the case it had toUer to looked »«« toi»« "" t0"'g Breaking out is this The Courrier de Moslayanem i t « that an important discovery has. SbeTmin V Pkvi. where the engineer Dorrnoy as now ex ecuting the soundings required for the construction of a bridge on the route = of Tnfeermann to Mazouna. After having plied through a stratum of clay about fwpntv-one metres thick the borer t penetrating a bed of -J, siiddeiily a jet of water sprang out of tbe "round to an height of four yards above the bed of tbe river. The volume Lsuin" from an orifice of five inches in diameter, gave from eleven to twelve litres per second, or about 1000 cubic metres per day. Tubes are now being sunk to raise still higher the level of the ascendin" column. If the supply of water continues abundant, the whole of this desolate region will shortly be covered wifh rich cultivation. Up to this time the population has been unable to create any garden, having had to con tent itself with the stagnant water of the Chelif. A second sounding, made at thirty yards distance from the first, has produced at yield of twenty litres per second, without the volumn of the other being perceptibly diminished. The Railway Bridge Across The MtTRiunnuoGEE. — The border Post sta(.eg « "\Ye understand that the bridge which is intended to span the Murrumbidgee at Wagga, in connection with the Great Southern and Western Railway will be one of the finest in the colony. It is thought that the erection of this bridge will cost a sum of £400,000." This statement appears rather stagger ing, and is calculated to create a wrong impression. The fact of the matter is that the greater part of the land from Cartwright's Hill to the Wagga station in Edwards, street, Newtown is below flood level, and it is therefore necessary that a long viaduct should be con structed. It is this work that is estimated to cost the above amount. This is- somewhat different to "a bridge which is intended to span the Murrum bidgee." The expenditure of so large an amount might induce the belief, amongst some people, that the Murrum bidgee is a Mississippi in proportions, and that the structure is to be a greater mumpu ox engineering SKiii man the Menai Tnhni«r bridge. — Express. 