"The Babes in the Woods." (BIG PINE FLAT, 1871.) BRET HARTE. "SOMETHING characteristic," eh? Humph! I reckon yon mean by that, something that happened in our way, Here at the crussin' o' Big Pine Flat. iiu™ areu i now a* tney used to be, When gold wu flush and the boy* www frisky. And a man would pull out hi* battery. For anything maybe the price of whisky. Nothing o' that sort, eh * That'* strange. Why, I thought that you might be divested. Hearing bow Jones, of Red Ruck Range, Unwed hi* " Hint to the Unconverted," And Mying, " Whar will you have it?" ahot Cherokee Dob at the hut Debating ! What was the question ? I forgot— But Jones didn't like Dob's way at stating. Nothing of that kind, eh * You mean Something milder? Lot's aee—<)h, Joe! Tell to the stranger that little scene 'Dont the " Babe* in the Wood*." You know, " Babe* " wa* the name tliat we gave 'em, air Two lean lad* in their teens, and greater Thau even the belt of *]truce and fir Where they built their nest, and each day grew Iwwht So one knew where they cauie from. Xoue Cared to a*k if they had a mother. Runaway schoolboy*, maybe: One Tall and dark a* a spruce; the other Blue aud gold in the eye* :uid hair, Soft and low in hu speech, but rarely Talking with ns : and we didn't care To get at their secret at all unfairly. For they were no quiet,. «o sad and shy. Content to tnut each other solely, That somehow we'd always »hut one eye, And never seem to observe them wholly, Aa they paused to their work. 'Twas a woroout elalni, Aud it paid them gruU They could live withomi it, For the boy* had a way of leaving game. In their tent, and forgetting all about it. Yes; no one asked for their secret. Dumb It lay in their bit; eyes' heavy hollows. It was understood that no oue should come To their tent unawares, save the bee* and swallows, 80 they lived alone. Until oue warm night I was sitting hete at the tent-door, so, air. When oat of the sunset's rosy light Up rose the sheriff of Mariposa. I knew at ooos there was Honietliiog wrong, For his hand and his voice shook just aUttls, And there isn't much you can fetch along To make the sinews of Jack Hill brittle. " Go warn the Babes !" he whisitered, koanw; " Tell I'm coining—to get and scurry. For I've got a story that's bad -and worse, I've got a warrant: d—u it, man, hurry." Too late! they had seen him cross the hill; I ran to their tent and found them lyiag— Dead in each other's arms, and still Clasping the drug they had taken flying. And there lay their secret cold and bare. Their life, their trial—the old, old story f For the sweet blue eyes, aud the golden hair, Waa a Koman'* shame aud a teowiui'* gluey. " Who were theyT Ask no more, or ask The sun that visits their (crave so lightly ; Ask of the whispering reeds, or task The mourning cricket* that cherrup nightly. All of their life but its Love forgot, Everything tender and soft and mystic, These are our Babes in the Woods, you've got, Well—Human Nature—that's characteristic. HcMunto-Biiuw' Courtship.—When catching the ephemeridse that play above the water, the tail is not expanded ; it is reserved fur times of courtship. I have seen the female sitting' quietly on a branch, and two males displaying their charms in front of her. One would shoot up like a rocket, then suddenly expanding the snow-white tail like an inverted parachute, slowly descend in front of her, turning round gradually to show off both back and front. The effect was heightened by the wings being in* visible from a distance of a few yards, both from their great velocity of movement and from not having the metallic lustre of the rest of the body. The expanded white tafl covered more space than all the rest of the bird, and was evidently the grand feature in the performance. While one was descending, the other would shoot up and come slowly down expanded. The entertain ment would end in a fight between the two per formers ; but whether the most beautiful or the most pugnacious was the aeetpted suitor, I know not— The Natural** ta Nicaragua. A Huxdbed Ye.VBS Ago.—The daily news papers years ago were well worth comparing with those now puphahed; four small pages poor paper, clumsy type, bad ink. The price was either twopence or twopence-halfpenny. One of them, the Morning Pott, still live*, a majestic and greatly amplified centenarian; another, the Morning Chronicle, survived till a few yean ago, and then gave up the ghost The Morning Pott on that particular New Year's Day, published an ode which we should very much like to give in full, as a good example of the mode in which the poetasters of those times mixed up pastoral sentimentalism with high pressure loyalty. We can, however, only find room for the first and last status*:— " Come, ye «hei>b<mls, bring year tatea I Bring, Oh, bring your warbling flute* t Bring your pines and oaten reed* From the green and flow'ry mead* 1 Come each rural nymph and drain, 1 Haste to join the glorious train! Well be jocund, We'll be gay, Ob this wailing New Year's Day. Come, my lovely Bcanty'a <3«een, Let U» rerel ou the green ; Let ua dance and sportive ring Joy to George oar glorious King ( Lang may he and Charlotte reign, Monarch o'er the British main, I Gliding with resplendent rays Through a thousand New Year's Day*, An achievement which Great George would have found it rather difficult to realise. The Morning Pott devoted a portion of Ha columns to gossiping correspondents, who replied one to another in small essays on small subjects, with mild wi£ and weak humour, and occasionally a little departure from decorum in satires on persons of quality—printed with dashes instead ' of full names, to keep clear of actions for slander. ! Among the Notices to Correspondents we find— I "Timothy Catgue on Tuesday." "There is not I sufficient wit in Mary Crumpets letter to make lit worth inserting." " Grmger*s paragraphs are i not of importance enough to be paid for ; when ■ he can send us good intelligence he may be ' assured of our rewarding him."— All The Year 1 Round. ; luacixattte Medicine.—Charms, amulets, j talismans, and phylacteries all belong to the list I of articles- which produce imaginative cures ; I seeing that the persons who trust to them believe in some good obtainable from them, in purse or in person, in health or in welfare ; and 1 if the good does come, more assuredly the imagination is the channel through which it ap proaches.' Two or three years ago, at a town in Worcestershire, after the inquest on the body of ■ a man drowned in the Severn, a woman applied 1 to the chief constable for permission to draw the I hand of her son, a boy eight or nine years of age, nine times across the dead man's throat, in order , j to bring about the removal of a wen from the boy's neck '■ In another instance, in the same county, this was actually done, with fatal results; for the man had died of typhoid fever, which wax in this way communicated to several living persons. A ring made of the hinge of a coffin, ! and a rusty old sword hung by the bedside are ; (in some districts) charms against the cramp ; , headache is removed by the halter that has hung ; a criminal, and also by a snuff made from moss J that has grown on a human skull in a graveyard, j A dead man's hand, and especially the hand of a man who had been cut down while hanging, dispels tumors. Warts may be removed by rubbing them with a bit of stolen beef ; the ! chips of a gallows, worn in a little bag round the , neck, will cure the ague ; a stone with a hole in it, suspended at the bed's head, will prevent nightmare. Many verses are known, which, if repeated aloud, are credited with curing cramp, burns, and other bodily troubles. When you have the whooping-cough, apply for a remedy \ to the first person you meet with riding on a ; piebald horse—a ceremony that Dr. Lettsom, the | physician, was fated more than once to become acquainted with.— All the Year Round. \ Fixe kor the Babies.—The latent American invention is a baby-washer. Here is part of the j inventor's description of hu machine :—" You ' simply insert the begrimed and inolaHnes-ooat«d ! infant in an orifice which can be made any re- • quired size by turning, for ten minute*, a cog- j wheel, with electric attachments. The child glides gently down a highly polished inclined \ plane, his Up* are met at its termiuance by an t india- rubber tube from which the infant can j draw lacteal nourishment of the purest and moat j invigorating character. Whilst in this compart ment, which is lined with plate-glass mirrors, J the perturbed spirits of the infant are soothed • by its frantic effort* to demolish its own image reflected in the glass with a nickel-plated com bined tooth-cutter, nail-kuife, rattle, and tack hammer, which is thrust into the baby's hand by an automaton monkey. Fatigued by its destruc tive efforts, the infant falls to sleep, whilst the organ attachment plays softly a ravishing melody. Then it slips into the third compartment. Here the baby is washed. Another small tube ad ministers a dose of soothing syrup, and the infant glides from the machine, its nails pared, its hair combed, if it has auy, ready for the habiliments rendered neceuary by the fall of our first parents." 