Tales. fOi5 Cupid on a Swiss Tour; ?OR, P*CTUBE8 JUfOKGTHE SNOW MoUSTATNS. .!/.'. ; .-A 6TGBY FOE GIELS. BY AU8TRALIE. CHAPTER I— TWO YOUNG LADIES AND THEIR CHAPE- RONE SET OUT FOR INTERLAKEN— AN UNPRO- TECTED BACHELOR ALSO STARTS FOR SWITZERLAND. ? ' Oh dear, I should so like to go abroad this summer. I am so tired of watering places and the tiressme Eng lish,' exclaimed Kate Merlon , as she closed the last new navel from Mudie'6 library. 'So should I, above all things, as it must be 'so full of new scenes and interests — and I do so want to learn German and improve my French,' added her cousin. I ' l aon t Know aoout tbe new interests, but it is ; glorious fan. How I wish we could start off together. We could do so quite easily if there was only the needful.' 44 Ho, ho 3 'what's that I hear about wishing to im prove 'your French, and German, and wauling the money?' asked the grandfather, in whose hou*e the two cousins were staying. ' If anything bo wonder ful as Kate wishing to study were to happen, I should be most happy to supply the needful.' ' We were wishing to go en the Continent this year, «b Pattie has never been, grandpapa.' 44 Well, well, I will treat you for once, if you will promise not to marry Frenchmen. But as to your going alone — I don't feel inclined to tru6t you, BtUi Kate, after hearing of 60 many flirtations at'Brighton, and madcap tricks that you have played. I am afraid you are not able to take care of yourself, and much less have the responsibility of Fattie's bonnie face.' ' Thank you, thank you, grandpapa ; you are kind. But who shall we find to chaperone us r ' ' That is your affair. So it is an agreement that as soon as you can find some one to take you, the money for all expenses shall be forthcoming. But having some old-fashioned notions, so I shall make another stipulation. I don't approve of the modern faBhion of rushing all over Europe and coining home again with out having had time to take one single spot to your heart. You must fix upon one place that you will , .etay at for the whole six weeks, and the next year I jnay find it in my heart to let you go to another.' . i ' That won't be half as much fun,' said Kate, ' but I am very thankful to go under any circumstances.' ' 'And I like ita great deal better,' added Pattie, 'for ? it is much pleasanter to stay long enough to know and catch the spirit of a beautiful place.' ' That's right, my Pattie, you will be a woman after your granddad's own heart, if you don't get that wise head of yours turned. So now set to work and decide upon a village in Switzerland, and find a duenna to take you there.' The girls were all excitement, and upon Kate's re commendation, Pattie consented that Interlachen should be their destination. ' For,' said the little flirt, ?' there will be all sorts of expeditions to be made from there to Gressbach, Murren, and Grindelwald, and it is a very gay place also. So there will be fun for me and poetry for you. But where can we hunt up a chaperone.' ' How would Miss Beaufort do ? She wants to go abroad this yeaT.' 44 That horrid cross old thing ! She would worry us to death. Besides, she scarcely understands a word of any language except English, and knows nothing of foreign life.' ' You could do all the talking and arranging, and really Miss Beaufort may be pleasanter than she looks,' ' She may well be that, for she has a nose that would cut a hole through a wall, and a figure like a lamp-poBt, and her every expression is a propriety or amoral. I wont go ?with her.' But a week passed over, and no one else could be found. It was getting late iu the season, so Kate reluctantly consented, faute de mieux, to let Pattie write and ask Miss Beaufort if she would chaperone them during the two months they were to be there. The result was, that this lady came in person to . answer the note, and talk over the matter with the .grandfather. She certainly was not prepossessing, though of a height that would add dignity to the party, and even Pattie began to have her doubts, as theii future chaperone, accepting the offer condi tionally, formally inquired ' what amount of control' she was to have over the young ladies. '?' Oh,' answered the^genial old man, ' don't let them break their necke, run off with foreigners, or otherwise damage themselves. And keep Miss Merton out of mischief if you can ! ' ? ' Bo you wish them to go to a grand hotel, where there will be a great deal of society ? ' ' Oh no, to some quiet first-class pension ' ' I am glad of that, as inconveniences might occur to three single ladies in those gay places, where I bare heard there iB a daily banquet and evening re ception. And I may ask, who is to have the order ' ing of money matters ? ' ' »,' Of course you will, Miss Beaufort, unlesB you like to resign that trouble to Kate, who ,under stands foreign coinage.' ; ; ' No ; 'with your permission, I will take it into my own hands, as it would be hardly seemly for such a very young lady to go to the ticket offices or consult with hotelkeepers.' *'Veryv;weli, as you like. I will give you the \ circular notes on Wednesday. I trust you will find ' my granddaughters pleasant companions and tractable * charges, «h, Kate ? ?? I hope bo, Mr, Merton, as it is a grave responsi r- f, .. bility, and we may meet with many dangers in those loreign parts.' ' A more general conversation ensued, and it was ? finally settled that the party should start next Thurs day, and go straight to Interlachen, without stopping more than a day or two at any intermediate place. * * ' » * * * . . 4i Nervous exhaustion, caused by excitement and ' ' * ' over-taxation of brain,' said the doctor, as he looked * at a young man lying, pale and emaciated, on his bed, in aLondon lodging. ' What have you been doing to bring yourself to this state ? ' 41 Working for a Civil Service examination.' ' Just what I thought — those examinations again ! 1 wonder when there will be an end to this competitive destruction mf body and mind — not till all the clever fellows are-jurned into broken-down bookworms, and the manly dunces driven out of England, I suppose ! Excuse me, Mr. Grange, but if you saw so many cases of collapse after examinations as I do. you would be savage too. But is the suspense over yet ? ' ' Yes, on Monday I heard that I had passed Sonourabiy ; and, strange to say, that* s what knocked sae down in this way. But there is no chance of my 'getting an appointment for three months.' 44 Glad to hear it, for there may be time to set you up before work begins. You must have perfect quiet, and strengthening food, for a fortnight, and then I should advise your going abroad.' f *' I have no particular objection to that plan, said the invalid, ' what part do you recommend ? ' ?? Thun or Interlachen, or some such place, where you can Btay quietly and enjoy the scenery, with out scampering over the country and wearing oat jour boots and brains.' *? Well, there will be time enough to talk of that next week,' said Reginald Grange, as he sank back wearily on his pillow. ? A- few days ofTperfect quiet did much for the in *vafid, but; the irascible old doctor was not satisfied, and reproached him saying, ?? You have nothing to do except to get well, and why on earth don't you set about it r ' *' It's your duty to cure me, doctor, and I wouldn't take the business out of your hands for the world. Besides, y6u don't bring me the right medicine.' ' What would the fellow have now i ' ' Just bottle a 6weet serviceable woman, and bring her to nurse me. If she would smooth the pillows and move about the room, or, still better, sing to me, I should be well in do time — I can't manage it alone ia this dreary place. When I want to punish my worst enemy, I will condemn him to three weeks nervous illness in a lodging with a grim landlady who * didn't undertake to have lodgers a-keepin' their beds all day.' ' ' You are not bad enough to require a sick nurse, and I am afraid the Sisters of Mercy would not con sider you a fit patient, so I cannot supply the medicine you require. But come, come, you must be better to be able to grumble in so English a manner. You will be ready to 6tart in a fortnight afcer all,' This proved to be the case, and the old doctor had the satisfaction of seeing his patient off with the part ing injunction, ' Find some medicine for yourself on the journey ! And look her, sir — if you dare to open a book deeper than Murray's Guide or a novel, I'll send an army of the ghosts of departed bookworms and broken-down competitors to warn and frighten you.' Thus two protected young spinsters, and one un protected bachelor, set out for foreign parts. It was mere chance, coincidence, that all should fix upou the same village. Chapter II.— The Ohafbrone Puzzled and Dis xayed at fohbign coinage, poetbrs, and Customs— The Heroine awakened to a sense of Beauty hy a first view of the Alps. ' My dear Kate, can you tell me what iB the mean ing of all this mixture of coiiiB the ticket officer has given me in exchange for my English sovereign ? ' asked Miss Beaufort, as she sat in the railway car riage at Dieppe, hopelessly counting and recounting her money. ? ? , ' Pray Jet me see it — you ought to have ? francs 50 centimes, after paying for the tickets.' ' So I calculated, and I am sure the man has cheated me abominably, in spite of all his fine ' Pardon, Madames,' when I told him so. Here are only three things a little bigger than a shilling, and two or three small pieces, instead of my 50 centimes.' ' I think it is all right ; here are three two-franc pieces, one half-franc, two twenty-centime pieceB, and tWO BOU8.' « ' But where are the 50 centimes ? ' ' They don't dole out 50 centimes, but oombine them in this way, as it is more convenient than carry ing a pocketful of coppers.' ' Murray never mentions sous in his money-tables, though I suppose you know best. But these foreigners make their fortunes out of the English in this way,' said Miss Beaufort, by no means convinced, and almost angry, because Kate would prove that the ac counts balanced. On stopping in the middle of the day at Paris, Kate tried to persuade the chaperone to avoid the ex pense of an hotel dinner, and go into a quiet restaurant, but she was quite horrified— ' Indeed, Miss Merton, I wonder at your proposing anything so fast. I never did go into such a place in my life, and ia my present responsible position I certainly shall not begin. Why, all the men would stare at us S ' ' Oh no, they are quite used to it. Things are different on the Continent to what they are in proper Old England. Ladies constantly go into restaurants, though they avoid cafes, so I don't see why we should not.' ' French women do, I dare say, but I feeg you will not compare me to them. We will drive to the English hotel and lunch quietly there.' 44 Very well,' said Kale, ' but I think it is a waste of money.' Pattie had quietly acquiesced, and not having been abroad before, secretly agreed with Miss Beaufort's objections, and began to wonder if her cousiu was not really very fast. When the train stopped at Paris, the duenna being a great deal too offended to accept any offer of helping her with the luggage, requested the young ladies to wait for her in the Salle d'Attente,* and proceeded to beard the French porters alone. Kate walked in with a secret chuckle, and offered to bet Pattie a pair of gloves that she would be called to the rescue before ten minutes were over ; but Pattie, still more shocked, refused the offer, and began to feel quite uuhappy about her cousin's manner of talking. A quarter of an hour expired and the saucy girl thanked Pattie for not having caused her to lose the gloves, though she still persevered in her expectation of being summoned to help their protectrice out of & difficulty ; and eo it proved, for Miss Beaufort sson appeared at the door, followed by a porter vciferat Sg angrily, while the faster he spoke the more mysti fied she became. Miss Merton generously.came forward, suppressing a smile of triumph, and asked what was the matter. The lady declared that she had given the man a coin 44 equal to a shilling ' for carrying the luggage to the carriage, and that he was not satisfied, while the porter showed a twenty centime piece, and said he wanted five more like that, for the porterage of 'six colis de bagages.' After much difficulty it was ex plained to Miss Beaufort that the coin given was made of pewter, not silver, and was only equal to twopence, which was the fee for each package. The result was that the chaperone, utterly worn out with her struggles with the different officials, threw the purse into Kate's hip, declaring that she would have nothing more to do with the foolish French money. So the girls were not sorry for the storm which had brought so much more promise ot peace. The dinner at the Hotel Anglaise proved tolerably satisfactory, and at 4 the travellers started again on a long night journey, to where they arrived early next mornirg, and took up their quarters at theSweizer hof. There Pattie and Miss Beaufort were a little dismayed at having to take breakfast in a general Salle-a-manger,t where a dozen parties of people, each with a separate table, were encamped in different parts of the large room. They walked into the re motest corner and sat down with their backs to every one, while the more experienced member of the party took a mischievous delight in paradisg her indiffer ence, and seating herself where she could command a good view of everyone. ' There were such things as maiden blushes in my day ! ' shuddered the duenna. But Kate answered, ?? Oh they went out of fashion with the poke bonnets ! Besides there's no occasion for them just now, for neither a foreigner or John Bull would trouble him self to look at us when there are the greater attractions of omelette and coffee. This is not half such a public proceeding as the minuets you used to dance at large balls in your day, Miss Beaufort. A modern young ? 8»lle d'Attente— jrai ting-room, t pjaug-rwm^MQnff-reom, lady would be quite too nervous to figure away with a whole roomful looking at her. ' I said nothing to call forth sueh remarks, Miss Metfonl' -'.??.*'' *' T i. ? *' Not exactly, but you seem to imply that there-was something wrong in my eating my breakfast unobstru sively. I shouldn't mind turning my chignon towards the company, but really the table being square I don t eee how we're all to sit in a row with our faces to the wall.' . Sweet Pattie looked pleadingly at her cousin, who immediately relapsed into silence, and the breakfast passed off amicably without any remark but a quiet grumble from Miss Beaufort that her tea was made of sage. CertaiDly they were not well matched com panions, for the chaperone was trying, and so was her fast yeung charge, though the comic expression and unfailing good temper of the latter took the edge off her saucy speeches. Then she certainly was most obliging, though utterly unable to resist an opportunity of teasing. During the whole journey from Basle to Thun it poured with rain, so no sign of snow mountains was to be seen, even when they reached this village, lying almost at their foot. They had intended to go on to Interlacken the same day, but a voyage up the lake in the wet proved bo uninviting that it was agreed to remain in Thun for the night. ^ ; The next day was sunny and warm, and Pattie, whs was up early, had her first view of the white range. There, gleaming in the morning light were the wonderful range of the Monck, Jungfrau, Schrew hcrn, and. the glittering needle oftheEiger. The slopes were half in shade, but the sun caught the gleaming peaks of the Eiger and Wetterhorn, making them shine with a piercing whiteness, which, was a lovely contrast to the downy cumulus clouds, now veiling the heights, now dipping into the snowy recesses to lighten the blackness'of the Mhen, which together with the jagged range of the Staghorn seemed placed there to form a foreground, which would make the more distant range still more dazzling. Pattie had cherished faint dreamb of such a picture, but now tbe realisation almest stunned the gentle girl with delight. Long she stood in the garden with the Aare rushing past the green banks making a luUing music, which formed a harmonious accompaniment to the scene. And as mist after mist cleared off, and every peak stood out unskeltered, she was almost sorry, for such a range of unbroken majesty seemed too much to be comprised in one view. But as the mountains gleamed and glittered, paled and pointed upwards in glory, a new sense awoke within her, the life-giving consciousness and awe of beauty, which the pretty scenery of England had touched but could not rouse. There had always been a depth of poetry in thcfensitive child, which had shown itself in a loving .jjentlpness of disposition, and a trustful belief in huma* goodness. But its fuller development received 'the first spring as the maiden stood in the presence of the Alps. They had caused the leaves of Tier poetic womanhood to unfold. 'What sun would call the flowers into bloom. ?« What are you looking at, and why don't you come to breakfast ? ' cried a voice which quickly raised Pattie out of her reverie. ' I thought you had over slept yourself as you did not come down, so after breaking my knuckles at your door, I walked in, and from the window saw you standing with your mouth wide open, as if you'd like to eat the mountains.' 'My dear,' said Miss Beaufort, who presently followed, ' I think it is scarcely proper for a young lady to be out in the hotel garden alone.' 'I am very sorry — I did not mean,' stammered Pattie, Etiil half in a dream. ' Pray, don't apologise,' rejoined Kate, ' but come and partake of the cold breakfast that we've been looking at longingly, while you've been devouring the beauties of nature. Food is the very best remedy for mountain-struck people.' So poor Pattie, like many another, had to leave her poetic ecstacy, and come down to bread and butter and maxims of propriety. ? ♦ ? 