ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. . PATENT. SAFETY BLASTING POWDER- To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Sir,— Observing a paragrapn in your pap-r of Tueslay last, mentioning a irial of the Victorian Patent Safety Blasting Powder, which you call " new," I beg to inform yon that this powder has been in extensive use hero for the last three years, therefore it can not be called " new." I use it myself con tinually in hard, tight ground, and preler it to any other powder. I am surprised thai such an unfair test hns been made in your district, as it is almost impossible t > conceive how any miner could expect 7 Jibs of powder to tear a block of stone 400 odd tons. Then is 110 explosive that coulu possibly do it. Trusting this powder will have another and fairer trial. I remain, &c.;, MINER. Sandhurst, Oct. 3rd, 1S74. Wagga Wagga Bridge. — 'the net profits of the Wagga Wagga Bridge Company for the half-year amount to within soma thirly-five shillings of eleven hundred pounds, repre senting in round numbers the sum of £2200 per annum. Over 36 per cent, per annum :s a very satisfactory return for tho investment of £6000, and it is not surprising that the directors should indulge in that subdued self- gratulaiiou which the r sport exhibits. The Suez Mail. — During ti e remainder of the year the Peninsular and Oriental mail Steamers will leave Melbourne on Thursday iustead of Tuesday. A Chinese View or Diphtiiekia. — Lo Kwoi Sang, a Chinese doctor, residing at Ballarat, states there arc >S sorts of diph theria, and writes to the Argus as follows : — " Sir, — Having had the contents of two articles interpreted to me that have appeared upon the causation and prevention of diph theria, I beg for space to say a little about it. Diphtheria is not confined to the land ; it is frequently taken at sea. It reigns in the highest, tiie lowest, and the loneliest spots Cleanliness is r.n preventative ; fiiihine.-s is no encouragement. There is no country in the world exempt from it. Neither is there any ocean, river, lake, or sea exempt. 1 he causation I have long known, and respectfully state t'.,at it is in.t set forth in either of the articlss that have appeared in your paper. I beg also to state that I possess the cure as well, and am prepared at any moment to explain the causation, and practically prove it to be correct in the presence of all the "medical men in thi coiuny. It cannot be stamped out, but can very easi-y be cured when it is known to exist. But it must be taken at the first stage. Trusting this may he the means of bringing the' cure within reach of all, I remain, Sir, yous &c.; " Cuiuous Deputation. — According to the Dehats, a curious deputation waited upon his Holinc--s the Pope the other day to congratu late him on the attainment of his S3rd year. Tho deputation consisted of 83 maidens, rang ing from one year o.d to four score and three. The Pope it is said, was much pleased with the interview. THE BALLAN OUTRAGE. — The Ballarat Courier understands that the case of Mr Densley, arising out of the Ballan outrage, is under the consideration of the Government. On Saturday week a purse of sovereigns, a gold watch, and an engrossed address were presented to Mr Densley by the inhabitants of Ballan. Mam agaimst House. — The 100 yards race between the well-known peutitrh.n Hewitt and a horse, for £50 a side, took place in the Friendly Societies' Gardens, Melbourne, on Saturday afternoon, in the presence of a large number of spectators. Hev.itt was the favo rite in the betting at the start, and as 'soon as the pistol was find he jumped away with tlu lead, which he held throughout, coining in a winner by about five yords. LiEESALITY WORTHY on EMULATION. Mr W. J. Clarke has, in the most libera! manner, given £20 in aid of the funds of tho Presby terian Church at Minersr; st. It was repre sented lo ihat gentleman by Mr M'lutosh, Mr Simpson, and other members, that the church was much straitened for funds on account of such a number of persons having left the district, and so broad an area of the district having been laid down in grass, whereupon Mr Clarke at once gave a cheque for the above amonnt. Mr Clarke has also presented, througn Mr Brown, architect for the Academy of Music, Ballarat, £5 lo the widow of Mr Casson, who was employed for a day or two on these works, and who met with an accident, which resulted in his death. " Age aint Nothing " — Somebody made this sage remark but then he applied it to horses and not be ladies. Here is what iEgles writes in the Australasian about the ladies : — " They tell me that the prospects of a popular caterer for public entertainment were terribly obscured the other day. He had en gaged two most eminent artistes. Said one, " You have eiveu Madame six lines in the advertisements, and you have only riven me four. Unless I "have the same as Madame , I won't appear." Being a cautious man, he at once repaired to Madame . He ex plained the 'difficulty, and hoped Madame would not object to his gratifying Made moiselle. " But," said Madame, " I do object. And what is more, if Mademoiselle is given six lines, I won't play." Here was a diffi culty. At length diplomatic aid was invoked. The German consul consented to visit Made- moiselle. For a long time she was obdurate. At length the consul slyly suggested, " "Well, really, I think you might give way to a lady so much older than yourself." He touched the right spring. " She can have, on those grounds," said Mademoiselle, " as many lines as she likes." Another Transcontinental Railway 'Scheme. — We learn that some Brisbane capitalists are willing to undertake the con struction of a Transcontinental 'Railway from Brisbane to the Gulf of Carpentaria, and to acoept. payments by grants of land in alternate blocks. They guarantee to complete the line as far as Roma within twe years. The proposal is to be submitted to the Queensland Government n ext week. The Beechworth Gaol. — At the present there are fewer prisoners confined in the gaol than there have been. for some time, in conse quence of nearly a ? the long sentence men having been recently removed to Pentridge. On Monday we were showed over the building and found only eighteen inmates serving their time, and five awaiting trial, amongst whom were Leeson the Swanspool schoolmaster, com- mitted for indecent assault; Villiers for horsestealing at Oxley; .and Jos. Belcher. Everything is in first-rate order, cleanliness and ventilation being the special characteris tics of the whole building. To the lover of the sensational, a visit to the Storeroom will afford plenty of subjects on which to indulge his curiosity, such as the rope with which Smith, Brady, Quinn, and such like murder ous celebrities were hung; the manacles in which were encased the feet of the many noto rious criminals ; the cat, a cruel looking weapon, and many such articles which possess a morbid interest for certain men of ? brain. In the radiating yard we were shown the graves of many of those who have suffered the extreme penalty of the law within the walls. Altogether we were highly pleased with our visit, thanks to the courtesy of Mr Thompson, the governor. Notice to Correspondents. — '-Joe| Punch's" Setter is inadmissabie, as it is j libellous, and even were it not, the matter it refers to is so iusignifieant, and is so dealt with that insertion would be iinpossib.e. " Joe Punch " can have the money he-sent leturned to him if he will cail at tlie office. Beechworth Police Court.— At this court on Saturday, a Chiuamau named Ah Yen was brought up before Messrs Gammon and J. .Turner J.P's., charged with lunacy, and on the evidence of Dr.-. Dobbyn and Fox. was committed io tbo Asylum. — On Monday, be fore Mr A. W. Howitt P.M., the only case was Police v President, Councillors un-1 Ratepayers of the Shire of Towong, fo show cause why they should not pay tho sum of £10 4s 3di bring expenses incurred in the conveyance and committal of John Brown a lunatic, who had been arrested at Snowy Creek and committed to the Lunatic Asylum. An order was made for tho amount. Enquiry before the Warden. — After tbo police court on'Monday, Mr Ziucke appeared about a case which had been entered for the Warden's court, in which W. West com plained that W. Lack and others, the holders of Water Right License, No. 224, had refused to allow him permission to'work certain ground on tho Two-mile creek, which they stated, was held liy them under license. Mr Zincke stated on behalf of complainant, that Lack dfc Co had declined to appear, having waived then- right to the ground in question, and that therefore the complaint was withdrawn. Rev. Joseph Wate mouse.— This gentle man, who for three years presided over the Wesleyau Church in this district, and who made for himself many friends, has, we understand, sailed for Fiji, whoifc, itV;!l be remembored, bo formerly labored as a missionary. Beechworth Licensing Bench. — At this court, on Monday, before Mr Howitt, P.M., and Mr Gammon, J.P., Patrick O'Mara applied for a publican's license for a bouse situated at the corner of Mellish-street and Buckland road, Beechworth, to be known as the Water Right hotel ; and Richard Kane, for a pub lican's license for a house at Wooragee, fo be called the Half Way hotel. Both applications were granted. Cricket. — On Saturday last the resuscitated Beechworth Cricket Club formally openc-d the season. A match was to have been played between the married and single, but this did not proper!" come off, in consequence of there not being two elevens on the ground. Two games, however, were played, one in which six bachelors opposed eight benedicts, and the other two sides captained respectively by- Messrs F. Allen and R. Struguell. The cricket was very fair, considering that the season is jnst commencing, and we were giad to observe that there were several new players who givo promise- of excellence, and from the style in which they handled the willow and the bull, wo should think that the club will this year ho able to turn out a very strong eleven. Amongst the new members may- be mentioned Goldsworthy, a very fast round arm bowler with a nasty break; Saviiie Bell, a good bat and capital wicket keeper ; Miller, a stylish and effective hat, and a good medium pace bowler ; Graham, a safe longstop with a quick return, and Crone ; whilst tho old members were well represented by D. Ryan, R. Strngne'.l, G. Billson, H. Fisher, F. Allen, Pickersgill, M'Conechy, and others. The ground is in very bad order, and will require a good deal of attention to make it fit to play- matches on. " Half Way." — The publicans at Wahgun yah share the general depression of the sea son, and, during the week, recourse was had to the following method of pushing trade be tween two of our leading bonifaces:--- Messrs Reau's and Marshall's (better known as "Old Forty") houses are nearly opposite, and a challenge emanated from one of them to meet in the middle of the road, or " half way," as he termed it, and toss up for who should shout. In this case the challenger, "Forty," was victimised. Rather a novel way of making up for bad times, certainly, and reminding one of the fable of the cat who eat herself all but the head, which laid under a fruit tree, and was the origin and germ of "cat's head apples." — Chronicle. Tiie Philadelphia Exhibition. — The Melbourne papers report that the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Couucil, has teen pleased to appoint Sir Redmond Barry, Kut., the lion James Joseph Casey, M.P., the Hon. James Forester Sullivan, M.l\, the linn. Caleb Joshua .Jenner, M.L.C.. James Munro, M.P., John M'lhvraith, Mayor of Melbourne, and Leslie James Sherrard, to be commissioners for the purpose of making a preliminary inquiry, with a view of ascer taining whether united action should be taken by all the Australian colonies to secure their proper representation at an exhibition of all nations, about to be held at Philadelphia, United States, in April 1S76. His Honour Sir Redmond Barry- to be chairman of such commission, and George Collins Levey to be secretary. The Betting. — The betting the V. R. C. Spring Meeting still continues languid, through a great deal says tho Argus, of interest is taken in the doings of the horses in training, and the training ground is well attended every morning. Stockbridge has been well supported of late, and all the money in the market at 6 to 1 has been taken about him. Diver does not seem to please the touts, and 100 to 5 about him was freely offered on Saturday. Mr C. E. Jones' Family Again. — The country has not heard the last of those Mr C. E. Jones left behind him. The Ballarat Courier understands that the Government have appointed Mrs C. E. Joues to a position in the Telegraph Office, at a salary of £40 a year. - ' Water Rights and Law Coais.— Every man knows that when once he enters on law there is no knowing where it . is going to end, and the Beechworth United Shire Council is likely to fully appreciate this fact, as it will have bitter experience as its mentor should it fail in " the cases now pending. At each of two previous meetings accounts for £250 for law costs were passed, and on nrtaay last a mriner sum oi a quarter of ten " centuries " was passed, making the total amount so far for law costs £750. Nor is this all : the most expensive part is yet to come. The Council has now attained .the dignity of having an equity suit and a Supreme Court action' both on at once. Equity and Chancery are much the same, and the fate of persons in Chancery is proverbial. Nor is this ' all 1 A Chancery suit is bad . enough under any circumstances, but when; it is accom panied by impecuniosity it must be frightful. This is the case with the Shire Council. They are overdrawn, considerably, and. they have received a polite intimation from the manager 'of their bank " requesting " them" not to draw; anymore cheques against the Water Supply Fund, until it is seen in what spirit.the Go vernment is likely to deal with the payments already made. Seeing that the request is accompanied by the information that, if such cheques are drawn, Itiey will not be paid, the nosition is none too pleasant. Still the Council is sanguine. They ' will not want any more sinew of war until thO end of Novem ber, and by that time the Government 'will have expressed its opinion, supposing it refuses io pas? the expenditure ? ; . , Crowded Out. — Owing to a heavy prut- sure on our available space at a late hour last evening a large amount of interesting local intelligence is unavoidably held over. New Journals. — Copies of two new Vic torian journals are to hand. These are the Campcrdoivu Chronicle, a bi-weekly paper, and the Lancefield Mercury, a weekly. Both Camperdown and Lancefield can now boast ol having two local papers. The Chronicle and the Mercury are creditable specimens of Vic torian journalism. They are well got up, well written, full of information, no doubt of interest to their respective districts, and ex tremely well printed. A Curious Case.— At the Tarrawingee Land Board on Friday last, a man named Thomas Lavell was called upon to show cause why a selection which had been granted to him atMurmungee should not he forfeited, and the evidence adduced disclosed a strange stats of affairs. The man Lavell, who does not bear the best of characters for veracity, having been told by Mr Taylor, district sur veyor, and Judge Bowman that bis word is in their opinion worthless, gave some of thi most extraordinary iestiinony we ever re collect listening to. As a fencer, he certninly must he regarded as first class, and his powers of temporising are worthy of imitation by those who are desirous of going in for a little swindle. His story, as we could gather, is us follows: — Sometime since this worthy- managed to becomo possessed of twenty acres of laud, and shortly afterwards selected upwards of five acres adjoining. In an evil moment he got on the. spree, and according to 'iiis own admission, was drunk for a fortnight'. During this interesting period ho spent a large portion of his time at a public house belonging to Mr Hunt, at Bowman's Forest, and there herein aiued in a state of intoxication. When his debauch was over, he discovered, according to Mr Hunt's statement, that h had sold his purchased laud, disposed of all his interest in his selection, and also got rid of all his goods and chattels, the consideration givoh beiug partly cash and partly drink. The property was handed over to Hunt, who also obtained possession of tho papers con nected therewith, includiug a release from a mortgage, a Government license, and several receipts. A short time elapsed, and Lavell by some meaus discovered that his sale of his license was nothiug worth, and accordingly he again entered into possession, built a hut, and sued Huutiu the police court for the recovery of certain chattels which had been handed over to him. The caso was decided against him. but, nothing daunted, this shrewd litigant again rushed into law, aud had tho caso tried over again in the county court, when he was nonsuited, Judge Bowman telling him he did not believe a word ho said. Hunt thereupon wrote to the Lands office,' demanding that the license granted to Lavell should he forfeited, and the case came on last Friday, when the Board, unable to make anythiug out from the contradictory statements made by Lavell, re commended the forfeiture. In whatever light we view the whole case, it presents curious features ; and whilst we cordially endorse the opinion expressed by Mr Taylor, we cannot but think that there must be a screw loose somewhere. As far as the evidence on both sides goes, it is pretty certain that a sale was effected ; but the question arises — what is its value ? Lavell may or may not be a rogue, hut at any rato he was dispossessed of his laud — sold it, most probably whilst iu a state of semi-lunacy; for a man who con fesses to having been drunk for a fortnight, caunot be said to be in any other condition. The case presents curious phases, and affords ample room for ivfiection. Beechworth Post Office Savings Bank. — The followiug are the returns of tho Beech worth Post Office Savings Bank, for the week ending Oct. 3rd, 1874, showing the number of deposits, the amount deposited, the number and amount of the withdrawals, and the number of book3 issued : — Deposits 10 Amount . . £100 16 0 Books issued 1 Withdrawals 7 Amonnt £145 1 7 The Teeth. — During a thunderstorm which passed over Bradford the other day a girl had several teeth knocked out by a flash of lightning. Art Unions ! — The Melbourne corres pondent of the Ballarat Courier writes : — "I understand that there is some probability of a prosecution being instituted against the promoters of a lottery held at Learmonth in connection with the Roman Catholic Church movement, as it seems that the prizes in cluded a pig, and several bottles of brandy , which articles are not considered by the Government to come under the denomination of ' works ot' art.' "All ye that thirst." — The Warrnam- bool correspondent of the Hamilton Sepctator, writes : — "How often in this world is the cap of hypocrisy fitted by the wicked on the head of true and unadulterated piety ! There is in Warruainbool a cottage inhabited by some -religious people, who in the hope perhaps of converting a stray sinner or two, constantly affix strikingly printed scripture texts to the wali of their verandah. A well known disciple of the jolly god was the other day passing the saintly mansion, when the words "All ye that thirst," caught his rolling eye. Steadying himself by a good grip of the fence, he preached a long sermon to the inmates from the text, concluding his discourse with — 'All ye that thirst !' (hie) sly grog shop !' " " Berkeley, September, 1873. — Gentle men, — I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for the great benefit' I have derived by taking ' Norton's Camomile Pills." I applied to your agent. Mr Bell, Berkeley, for the above-named pills, for wind in the Stoma'ch, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without de riving any benefit- at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills, I was quite re stored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity, Sir, for the benefit of those who may thus be afflicted. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Henry Allfass. — To the Pro prietors of Norton's Camomile Pills." a Mystery. — It is indeed a mystery how some people, otherwise sensible, are so short-sighted and foolish as to go on from day to day, and month to month, suffering with the stings and pains of disease, which, by the use of a few bottles of Bristol's Sar- saparilla and Pills, would to. a perfect certainty be radically cured. Do not stand in your owu'light. Wolfe's Schiedam Schnapps. — We have heard highly favorable opinions expres.'edupon this remark ably popular spirit, for which is claimed that it is so excellent when taken as an ordinary stimulant as it is I medicinally. As will certainly be the case when at. article once acquires a high reputation, it is of course Ttnifofnd hp Klinnnrtlhle mantlfjintlirnre lint, wn ha. lieve that the means adopted by the proprietors of the genuine article to ensure the consumer obtaining it are such that the most ordinary precautions will .suffice. When we consider the extent to which adulteration is carried on by unprincipled mtinu- ifacturers of spirits, it is a matter of congratulation that in this schnapps we have an article entirely free from all impure ingredients. -Hozxoway's Pills.— Weary of Life. — Derange ment of the liver is one of the most formidable causes of dangerous diseases and the most prolific in ; those melancholy forebodings which are worse than I death itself. A few doses of these noted ills ac- magically in dispelling low spirits and repelling the covert attacks made on the nerves by excessive heat, impure atmospheres, over indulgence, or exhausting excitement. The most shattered constitution may j derive .benefit from Holloway's Pills, which will regulate disordered action, brace the nerves, increase tte energy of the intellectual faculties, and revive £lie falling memory. By attentive studying these I instructions and obediently putting them in practice, the mos£ desponden will soon feel onfident of a perfect recovery. I A meeting of the members of tbe Melbourne Athenreum is to be held shortly for the purpose of considering the advisability or otherwise of opening the reading-room on Sundays. New Coaches.-— Two handsome coaches for the traffic betweenWodonga and Albury, have just been turned out- to the order of Mr. Twomev, by Mr, G. Robinson; the coachbuilder, of Smollett-street. They are built to carry twelve passengers each, and for lightness of appearance, combined with strength, and as regards the gene ral style in which the vehicles are' finished, they will compare favorably with the work turned out of a metro politan factoiy. — Border Post. A teacher at a public school recently asked a boy which is the highest dignitary of trie church. After looking up and down, north east, south, and west, the boy in nocently replied, " The weather-cock." A brave little hoy lately found a broken rail on the railroad, and per ceiving the peril in which the train would be placed if its should come dashing past, without warning, sat for five long hours, in order chat he might carry the first news of the accident to his father, who is a reporter. A Wrinkle to Fruit Growers- — In an article on the value of wood- ashes as a manure for fruit trees, the Scientific American says:— " According to ourobservation, if the practiae of putting a mixture of wood and coal ashes around the stems of fruit trees and vines particulary early in the spring were followed as a general rule, our crops of apples, grapes, peaches, &c.; would be greatly benefitted in both qual ity and quantity, and the trees and vines would last longer. We will relate only one experiment. Some twenty five years ago we treated an old hollnw pippin apple, tree as follows : — The hollow, to the height of eight feet, was filled and rammed with a compost of wood- ashes, garden mould, and a little waste lime (carbonate). This filling was securely fastened in by boards. The next year, the crop of sound fruit was sixteen bushels from an old shell of a tree that had borne nothing of any account for some time. But the strangest part was what followed. For seventeen years after the filling, that old pippin tree continued to flourish and bear well." Shocking Murder in Glasgow. — Early on July 26 a young man named James Boylan was murdered in a court in Surrey-street, Glasgow. He lodged with a man named Collins, and a neighboring.lodging-house keep er named James Neilan had recently been threatening Collins's lodgers. Neilan, his wife, the deceased, and several others met in the court. Col lins upbraided Neilan with his threats, whereupon a fight began, and Collins ran for the police. On his return he found that Boylan had been stabbed. He was able to , walk up stairs with assistance, but almost immediately fell out of his chair and died. It was then found that he had received five stabs in the breast and one in the abdomen. No knife could be found, but Neilan and his wife were seen to thrust at deceased, and the latter left the court during the fight, but afterwards returned. The Land Hunger. — Tuesday's Banner of. Belfast says: — " No less than 200 different individuals pegged an allotment of land at the Moyne Swamp on Friday last. The allotment had been forfeited through non-compliance with the act by the former lessee, and was declared open for pegging on the 25th. Our Land office was literally besieged by enterprising- free selectors on Friday and Saturday, and the cry is still they come. We are not aware that this particular block possesses any qualifications other than ordinary blocks and yet every one seems anxious to hace it. Its contents is 199a. lr. lp., and it is situate about four feet below the surface of the Moyne Swamp. In fact we are informed that many impe tuous peggers whilst endeavoring to comply with the regulations of the Land Act, 1S69, were treated to a cold bath, whilst others very narrowly escaped leaving their horses glued in the morass." Where is the Differance. — Simon in the last Weekly Times says : — " Our Yandemonian neighbours are very particular when dealing with the vexed question of insolvency, or pay ment in full. A Tasmania paper of not. very ancient date says that Mr. R. J. Sadler" is not perfectly solvent, but it has not even been rumoured that he stopped payment. They have evidently been too smart in saddling the wrong horse this time j but with so many animals racing for certificates, mistakes must be forgiven. The Baby's Death. — There came a morning at last when, the baby's eyes did not open. Dr Erskine felt the heart throb faintly under his fingers, but he knew it was heating its last: He trembled for Elizabeth, and dared not tell her. She anticipated him, "Doctor," said she— and her voice was so passionate that it might almost have belonged to a disembodied spirit — " I know that my darling is dying." He bowed his head mutely. Her. very calmness awed him. " Is' there any thing you can do to ease her?" "No thing. I do not think she suffers." " Then you will please to go away. She is mine — nobody's but mine, in her life and in her death, and I want her quiet to myself at the last." Sorrowfully ' enough he left her. Elizabeth held her child closely, but gently. She thought in that hour that she had never loved anything else1— never in this "world yshould love any thing again. She wanted to cry, hut her eyes were dry and burning, and not a tear fell on the little upturned face, changing so fast to marble. She bent over and whispered something in the baby's ear — a wild, passionate prayer that it would remember her and" know her again in infinite spaces. A look seemed to answer her — a radiant and loving look, which she thought must be born of the near heaven. She pressed her lips in a last despairing agony of love to the little face, from which already, as she kissed it, the soul had fled. Her white wonder had gone home. This which lay upon her hungry heart was stone. — Some Women s Hearts. The Shadows of Coming Events. , — We learn, "writes the Pall Mall. Gazette , "that the interesting person known as ' Sullivan the New Zealand murderer,' has sailed for England, whose hospitable shores will no doubt welcome him, and whose admirable detective police will receive him, it is to be hoped, with a cordiality tempered by intelligent reserve. But as the 'great Australian bushranger,' by name Gardiner, has just now been let loose, and has also declared his inten tion (enlightened, no doubt, by a diligent perusal of our newspapers) also to honour us with his presence, it may interest our readers, or at least those who have to traverse lonely, streets in the dark nights of the en suing winter, to learn the nature of the representation on which he is not only released but allowed to leave for England." The King of Persia once ordered his Vizier to make out a list of all the fools in his dominions. He did so, aud put his Majesty's name at the head. The King asked him why, to which he immediately answered, " Be cause you entrusted a lac of rupees to men you don't know to buy horses for you a thousand miles off, and who'll never come back." Ay, but suppose they come back ?" " Then 1 shall erase your name and insert theirs." A lady writer points out the fact as worthy of notice that " while the men who commit suicide are almost always unmarried, the women are married or widowed." This leads to the inference that while men cannot live without women, women find life unbearable with men. A hostler, upon going into confes sion, was asked by the priest if he ever greased the horses teeth, that they might not eat so many oats. He re plied " No." Next time he came he confessed he had. On the priest expressing astonishment, he said, " I did not know it could be done, holy father, until you told me." A traveller stopping overnight with a Texan farmer whose estate was miles upon miles in extent, said to him, " It on must have begun life early to accumulate such an estate as this." ' It es,' replied the farmer, " I began life when I was a mere babv." A man who has been frightening people in Hawthorn by going about at night in a white sheet as a ghost was found dead the other day in a waterhole at Boroon- dara. H e was supposed to be insane. , The yield of the Long Tunnel claim at Wallialia for August amounts to 2,4::!ioz., from 1,569 tons of quartz. A dividend at the rate of £2 10s. per share has been declared. The yield from the Wallialia claim is l,237oz. ISdwt. of gold from 1,31 tons of quartz, and Sloz. of gold from the Chilian mill. The St. Ann station, near Towns- ville, has been stuck up by blacks. Two men were killed, and, another was mortally wounded. Mr R. H. Blackford, of Goulburn, N.S.W., was drowned on September 4, while crossing the Wollondilly River in a buggy. Two million letters and over one million newspapers passed through the Adelaide Post- office during the first half of the year. A terrible explosion of dynamite occurred recently at Ocago, N.Z., by which one man, named Renshaw, was instantaneously killed, and two others were seriously injured. A great bush fire has occurred at Kiama, New South Wales. Five homesteads were destroyed, and a tract of country about 12 miles in extent was laid bare. Thomas Purciias, formely a soli citor, of Sandhurst, killed himself by unintentionally taking an overdose of sulphuric acid. 