GENUINE AND BRUMMAGEM. A New Version op iEsop's Fable — " The Frog and the Ox." A mighty "Bos,1' an ancient "prize," Of John Bull's- far-famed stud, In sunny mead, majestic, wise, With grave and contemplative eyes, Serenely chewed the cud ; Not all serene had been his life, Though tranquil now his mien, 'T was his to bear the brunt of strife, A lasting warfare, ever rife, In Albion's meadows green ; Full many a battle he had won, And many a scar he bore, E'er failing strength, and mightier foes, Had made him seek well-earn'd repose, To dream of days of yore. A croaking bull-frog, chief among A mob of Ranidce ; Disporting in a marsh hard by, In search of slug, or gnat, or fly, Or haply Tcenidce , Beheld the bovine hero, king Among the lowing kyne, And straightway seized with envious grief, And vanity beyond belief, He spake with croak and whine, — " Oh ! why was I not born an ox, To be so big as that, To feed on flowers, in ' clover ' lie, My form the gaze of every eye, My coat so sleek, and fat ? Sure if I blow and puff and swell, Though ' swell ' not born to be, By slow degrees my skin will stretch No more a foul, repulsive wretch, Til be a ' Bos ' you'll see ! " He squatted, not as squatters squat When bovine fat they seek, But solemn sat himself upon The spot where erst his tail was on, When tadpole, young and meek — He puff'd — he blew — he groan'd — he swell'd, Disgusted all the frogs ; They knew not what to make of him, His kingdom, sacrificed to whim, Went headlong to the dogs. The ox look'd on with wondering gaze, At this stupendous joke ; He'd watched the frogs in idle mood, xE'en swished them insects for their food, And heard their grateful croak. He sagely ruminated on, While full of envy's lust. The slimy frog, whose sweating skin So well pourtrayed the rage within, Gave up the ghost, and — Bust ! moral. In these latter days of the railway and cable, British statesmen, exalted, like " Bos " in the fable, Can smile at the capers of bullfrogs ambitious, Through the eyes of their mind, and with aids adventitious. Now P kes is to G1 — dst — ne as frogs to fat cattle, Tallest blowing of P kes G1 — dst — ne smiles at as prattle, For P kes, though a " leader of party " in Sydney, Is a frog among beeves of Gladstonian kidney ; But as frogs should abide in their ranine condition, Nor rupture their cutis through foolish ambition, May our 'Enry remember when humbled, repentant, " Quos Di volunt perdere prius dementant 