AFTER THOUGHTS. I have come to the conclusion thai, after all, it is just as well that Christmas comes but once a year. It doesn't serve a digestion that has done honest work for some thirty-seven years, to celebrate a merry Christmas. The departure from regular habits which, it would seem, is a necessity of a merry Christ mas, while pleasant enough in its action is awful in its re-actioti. Bile and an empty pooket ; the funeral baked meats of festivity; the stale odors of goose and stuffing which hang about the house, and the terrible yearning for revivers — these are some of the beastly legacies' of a defunct Christmas. The racking head; the nervous jarring; the indefinite conviction that you have been behaving like a savage, and that you have glutted yourself — how many feel thus to-day. Ah ! few know how to take their pleasure sensibly, People riot too much. I declare that, on Boxing Day, I beheld suoh stuffiog and swifting as filled with dismay. Great Heavens, what work human organisation must have had to do some thirty hours back. But it is over now. What says Emer son : — "There are always sunsets ; but only a fow hours so sereno that wa can relish nature or criticism." And we can't relish Christmas riot long, oan we ? We come back to the . brown bread and butter, and our small beer, and wonder that we were ever tempted from simplicity. Epicurus was right; and those who wrong mm ny wtituiiy misraterjreting his religion, serve but as com mon illustrations of the lies men tell to ponder to their lusts. In truth the simple is the best in all things — savo a newspaper reporter ; though God knows they're simple enough, being newspaper reporters. But of healthy indulgences — in our eating and drinking say — bread and cheese have a zst which your highly flavored dishes never own. Hastiever eaten a mutton chop, served on a slice oi damper, and washed down by " posts and rails," sweetened with cockroach sugar? Hast ever munched a weevil haunted sea biscuit ana a hunk of antedeluvian salt beef, ns you crouched under the lee of the long boat, in the middle watoh at sea ?' I can remember once being a passenger in the " Henrietta," a Bor deaux ship, and that we had not two meals a day, Lord ! how hungry they kept mo. But Baptiste, our steward, was a gem, He fed the stranger at odd hours with Swiss cheese and old cognac. I used to turn out in the mid dle of the night, and wheedle the pantry key from him ; and slake my thirst and satisfy ray hunger on the stores of Messieurs Faurp, freres, of Bordeaux. B'css my soul ! how I enjoyed those surreptitious feasts I Tell me of your Christmas fare, while my memory turns to this ! Ah ! we don't under stand our -internal-economy, and vilely ill-treat the ministej of the interior. Decidedly simplicity is the best in all matters in which the stomach is con cerned. If you read the advertisementcolumns of the newspapers, you will discover that the chemists understand this thoroughly. Never before were the virtues of antibilious Dills so lauded. Excess of the table, oh, public, may he remedied by the investment "of a couple of shillings in Norton's camomile pills, or the great Holloway's globular crea tions. Oof ! fancy feeding oneself into a medicinal faot ; a necessity for pills ; a receptacle for pills. It is true that there is a pleasure in excess ; but the sequel is awful when it needs pills to remedy it. Was it not Yeepasian who conducted his feeding in so practical a manner that he troubled his digestive faculties hut little, and yet nte for hours at a time. There was nothing more disgusting in this than our mode of keepiag Christmas ; in our eating and drinking ourselves into a surfeit and falling back on the doctor for relief. Honestly we are beastly creatures, and possess neither the sense nor tbe de cency of the brutes wo revile and ill- treat so wantonly. Is this bile, you ask. Has this fellow been the beast he describes? Has he eaten to repletion, and drunk to in sensibility? Not so, my friend. I hadn't the chance. What is that Latin sentence which we read ai sohool, and which we in our youthful literal way would translate. " The empty traveller whistles on hie way." You. who have passed your merry Ohristmas, envy me; who has tffijoyed his salad and cold lamb, and light bottled ale, and laughed your sweltering feeding ro sccru. vvny ao you viotato naiuro for the sentimental preservation of a national pr-judioe? Why do you eat of heavy, indigestible food — good in bleak and cold and wet weather — when you should be jolly over light aDd airy trifles — strawberries, and cherries, and light Bordeaux wine, or better still, weak brandy and water? No; you will . follow " the good old home fashion !" You conjure up a dismal ghost of an impossibility : a ghost wbiuh you know right well, but jeers at you, and mocks your merriment, nnd leaves you hot and tired, and irritable, to fight with indigestion. Practical people ! By George, we are ; and I believe would wear our dross suite and black hats in Hell itself, in order to keep faithful to our traditions. Anv way, I am superior to you. I hadn't any goose or plum pudding, or oustnrd, or mince pies. But then you .see, I'm but a poor devil of a scribbler, and had to go without. I now consolo myself in. the reflection that I've had tbe best of it. THE MAN ABOUT town. SOLUBLB CHOCOLATE, 'made ia ono minute wltlront boiling. ' The above articles aro prepared exclusively by. Taylor. Brothers, the largest roanu. taot'nrers la RurOpo, hud sold In tin-lined packntz onlyby Storekeepers and others all qvor.thp worid. . Steam Mills, Briok Lano, London. , fikpo'rjt ,"<JL 4 , -.r - wu|,. R„we. B»lolnm.ft e , .,t|l4NpMoiunB.ov,;CoooA.— V We will hbwgivb' an account of : tho proceaa adopted' by Mossrs. Juries Bpps 'and Co.J manufacturers of (lictlo a-'iclcs, at their works i a tho Boston road, Lon don,". Bee ?L in Caeaeil't Bouehoid Guide, 