METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. - " I must ltave liberty W ithal, as large a charter as the wind, To blow on whom I please. — Siiakspere We are still abont our supplementary elections. On Tuesday we shall know whether St. Kilda and " the Toorak mob," as one of the learned gentlemen seeking their suffrages styl-.-d the deni zens of that vice-regal suburb — will be able to maintain the free trade ground they have taken up. I don't know exactly what Mr Dixon is, but he fights" two lawyers, and that circumstance alone shows he has some pluck. There has never occurred in the memory of that celebrated recorder, the oldest inhabi- tant such flexible politics as we have been cajoled wi'h during the last general election. Our credulity has been some thing wonderful. The steps that the Chief Secretary took to ensure an out spoken verdict have had quite the oppo site efiect ; not half-a-dozen men outside the Ministry have gone into the House pledged to anything politically, socially, religiously, or moruily. Plain speaking in' politics is sometimes dangerous. Men must be taught as though you taught them not, And things unknown proposed as things forgot.." The wise meu of Ihe Press have endea vored to place the. new MP's,, but I believe it would be outside the power of Foster to do it. The Argus put down Colin Campbell as 0., which guess brought down a polite note from Colin Campbell to the Editor of the Argus curtly telling him that he might have suspended his judgment until he, Colin Campbell, had delivered his sentiments. However it certainly did not seem very unreasonable to expect that the platform Speeches should convey some idea of the speakers political creed, but these are degenerate times. In a few days the battle begins in earnest, and the gossip in town is milly interesting. That Francis will hold his own is the prevailing opinion, and get a bill through sufficiently like the scheme be foreshadows, that ail traces of kin died wi'i not be oblileni'od. The clowns of the Uppc-r House will of course so mangle it, that it will leave their hands like the inevitable bnbv in the Panto- mine, with ewry vital principle crushed out of it. And like that unfortnate baby its moital remains will bo thrown out of the side door. Tha play will go on as if nothing had occurred out of the com mon way and an epitath will he written by some wag to the effect Since I am so quickly done for, I wonder what I was begun for. Humor with its thousand tongues is particularly busy just now with Sir John. | The last on dii is that a requisition is I about to be signed to him to stand for the Eastern Province to oppose the new Public "Works Minister — Mr Anderson. I It would be quite consistent that he | (John) should do so, because his opposi tion to Francis was open and declared. There are not a few who believe that he | will have a very fair chance of success, | should he decide to enter the contest. ! On Tuesday the old seat of J. O'S. will be filled, most likely — -judging from ap pearances — by Mr Sargood. A. K. Smith is making a gallant fight, hut I fear he is overweighted. If Sargood had opportunity, he would be a fair and easy Speaker, has a good presence, and his politics — for a man in his position — liberal and progressive; besides which, he has the advantage of a very long nurse. In a reformed House he is one of the men who ought to be there. A. K. Smith will some day be rewarded for his perseverance by a seat in one of the Houses, and will make a useful and intelligent member. The problem of how to reform the Crown Lands Office, and get it into working order, has been very satisfactorily solved by the appointment of Mr Archer, the Registrar-General, to the supervision of the whole of the branches into which the office has now been divided. This arrangement has the merit of being satisfactory to the principal officers of the depaitment, many of whom have been unjustly overworked, and submitted to it uncomplainingly. The entangle ment into which the management had drifted, created heaps of work, quite un necessary under a well regulated system. Still these men labored on, powerless to alter anything, but, at the same time, quite aware that everything was going wrong. The great dread has been that Smythe would be appointed as permanent bead as rumored. This gentleman is generally disliked by almost every mem ber of the civil service, and the officers of the Crown Lands Depart ment did not hesitate to convey, | in unmistakable terms, that such an appointment would he most distaste ful, while on the other hand they would cordially work with, and assist by every means in their power, any other gentleman selected by the Minister for their general officer. There are many aware that the employees had good reason to dread the appointment of Smyth, and those who do know did not wonder at the elastic step and smiling faces that were met with, leaving the Crown Lands Office at 4 p.m. on the day on which it became known that the mining office was still to be blessed with R. B. S., all to itself. It is rumored that in other quarters of the town — nearer the Treasury — the news produced quite a contrary effect. We may safely say that we shall hear no more than ordinary about the Crown Lands Ad ministration into whatever hands it falls in the future. Whether the present Ministry stay be long or short, he will have " done the State some service, and by not making the appointment which rumor so long decided 'he would make, he will leave the office with the good will of every officer in it, from the Surveyor-General to the office-sweeper. Perhaps no man that ever came amongst us at any time, gave us so much gossiping pabulum as Foster did during his brief stay, and we are now " chewing the cud of sweet and bitter fancy," as we are believers, or the re verse in this most successful conjurer. Men and women tell one another with " bated breadth, " of the wonderful things he did, and the hidden Eecrets he revealed. Ono lady told me that, quite unconscious they themselves revealed the information, she felt "allof a creep" when Foster informed her that the spirit of a maiden aunt stood beside her. That same aunt had been the guardian of tho fair one's youtli, and well the enquirer j remembered the terrible time she passed while in dependence upon her female relative. Why, I asked, did you call up such a disagreeable ghost? Well, she replied, I was in hopes that when she shuffled off this mortal coil," there would be nothing left of her, for she is sure to be a trouble wherever she is. I really don't want to see her again. I am sure we should auarrel as soon as we meet. Dickens tells us of a Jarvey, who, on be ing reminded of the slow pace of his thorough breds, informed the impatient traveller that he bad not yet had time to establish a " bit of raw," which he fur ther explamtd — for tho edification of his passenger — was a tender spot to which he could apply the whip when he desired an accelerated locomotion. Foster acted exactly upon the same principle if he could establish a " bit of raw " by frightening his victims out of their wits, all ihe rest was easy enough. He or she must have iron nerves indeed to go volun tarily into the presence of ghosts of grand mothers and grandfathers Ac., without some trepidation. Even the writing of their long revered names would — except with people whose nerves are made of telegraph wire — send one's blood gallop ing through those " mysterious conduits of nature's own contriving," and so dis- turb our whole system and maim loots ol the senses quite as bad as making love, or popping the question. Some of the. readers of these discursive papers may remember how tho heart .went pitty pat, pitty pat, and how foolish they felt and acted, even in the presence of a mortal lover, something tliey could see and longed to embrace. How much the more then must the pumping organ go " pitty pat" when one is about — even in fancy — being introduced to existences we can neither see nor feel, hut that, as we are informed, have a sort of indefinite control over our thoughts and actions. This is exactly the " hit of raw " Foster establishes. If he has not, like Dickens' Jarvey, had his victims long enough to discover tho ten der part, or that the animal operated upon is of the th ck-skiuned unbelieving breed, he fails, and teils his dupes that he is lired, or the spirit is out doing the block, or is busy, or obstinate, or some kindred excuse, pockets the guinea and hints that it is time to go, but if any of the credulous turns up with a tender spot he is all alive again, so are the spirits. Why did not Foster go home during the Tichbourne trial. There would have bec-n scope for him. He could have done something useful, been well paid, and saved much expense to both sides. He could have got the veritable Roger into court and have examined him as a witness, confounded the 892 pounds of flesh and blood composing the claimant, and the whole thing have been over in about one hour, just the length of time occupied with a seance, the truth of his pretensions would have been manifest, and it wonld have been Foster " who but he." Somo of his tricks have been discovered. The larrikins are writing letters of blood on their arms, reading pellets upon their foreheads, and holding high seance on the kerbstones. It is sufficient in the minds of all thinking people to condemn the whole thing if one of Foster's tricks has been discovered and can be per formed with equal dexterity. On Thurs day evening next a young gentleman has uudei taken to exhibit publicly the method adopted by Foster to get pos session of the written names. I shall wait for the confirmation of what many regard as the greatest imposture. The perils that those who go down to the sea in ships encounter is exemplified by the appearance of the dismasted ship Cambridgeshire, now lying at the Williamstown pier. She looks as much of a wreck as the Dallam Tower did, and must have experienced some heavy weather. It is very well to sing about " the sea, the sea, the open sea" &c.;, after a six o'clock dinner iu a cosy room to the accompaniment of a well- trained young lady upon a good toned piano, but it is altogether a different matter to he tumbling about over the liquid moun tains with the sticks blown out of the ' gallant barque," with the " winter winds blowing up aloft, or as much up aloft as is left whistling a tune," as we are lyrically informed the winds seem to do on such occasions. Our passenger ships for a long time escaped disaster at sea, but there seems to be an unusual recurrence of mishaps latterly, and some who know are not slow to attribute some of them to the want of more experienced seamen being appointed to the command of the splendid specimens of naval architecture which visit our shores. The cricketing season is over and tho football season is in. I am quite at a loss to know why that exhilarating game should be so roughly played as to en danger life or limb. Such has been the case, but I think a disposition has been shewn to " reform it altogether." Our bowling greens are in fine order and good play is exhibited. Shall we see the Ovens Fire Brigade this time ? There will he a grand display. 