INSTALLATION OF DR. MORGAN O'CONNOR AS KNIGHT OP THE ORDER OF ST. SYLVESTER, OR THE GOLDEN SPUR. (Specially Reported.) i Oil Sunday last the imposing ceremony of | installing a Knight of the Golden Spur, took place at St. Patrick's Church, Albury. The recipient of the honour, so highly valued in the Catholic Church, is Dr. Morgan O'Connor of this town. On liiin the Pope conferred the decoration in November of last year. As might be expected the attendance at St, Patrick's on such an occasion was extremely large. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Goul burn, Dr. Lannigan, attended by the Very Rev. Dr. M 'Alroy, Vicar-General, the Rev. Dr. Bermingham, and Fathers Bermingham and Butler ;verepresent. Hi<*h mass was celebrated by the Vicar- General, assisted by Fathera Bermingham and Butler. The Choir, under the leadership of Mr. Alphen, performed Giorza's celebrated mass. The sermon, full of eloquence, and displaying great research on the part of the speaker, was preached by the llev. Dr. Bermiugham, from Esther, Chap. VI., " What shall be done to the man whom the King desireth to honor." On the conclusion of the sermon, the Bishop robed in full pontificals, took his seat in front of the High Altar, when tlio knight elect, attended by his Ksquire (the eldest son of Kenneth M'Lellan, Esq., Mayor of Albury), bearing the sword, cross, and spars advanced and knelt before him. , The Rev. Dr. M "Alroy then read the Pope's Bull, conferring the Order of Knight hood. His Lordship then intoned the Antiphoii " Our help is in the name of the Lord, who made heaven and earth," and recited the 143rd psalm, "Blessed be the Lord, • ray God, who tcacheth my hands to fight, and. my fingers to war," &c.;, &c.; He tben blessed the sword, praying that it may be used justly, for the defence of the church; for the protection of widows, orphans, and the oppressed, and all the servants cf God for the suppression of vice, tempering justice with mercy, that the Knight-elect may bo preserved from all danger, bo crowned with victory, > aud endowed with the bravery of David who struck down Goliath, and triumphant as Judas Machabseus, who con quered the foes of the people of God, that ho may lead a pure life, free from sin, aud never use his sword in unjust strife. He then received the sword from the Esquire, and placed it-in the hands of the' Knight, saying—" Receive this sword in the name of the Father, and of the Son, aud of the Holy Ghost, use it for your own defence, - aud for the defence of the holy Church of . God, for the confusion of the enemies of the Cross of Christ, and the Christian faith, and in as much as human frailty will allow, strike no man unjustly with it, and may He assist you who liveth and reigneth with the Father, and the Holy Ghost for ever and ever, Amen." The Bishop then fastened the sword round the waist of thouew Knight, saying—" Gird your sword on your thigh and be mindful that the Saints conquered kingdoms not by the sword, but by Faith." The Knight then drew the sword, bran dished it three times, and handed it to his Esquire, and advanced to receive the kiss of peaco from tho Bishop. His Lordship then took tho sword, and striking the Knight kneeling before him three times over tho shoulder, said—"Ariso Sir Knight, be peaceful, valiaut, loyal, and devoted td God's service." He then attached tho cross on his left breast, and giving him tho accolade said— "Arise from the sleep of siii, bo vigilant in'' the Faith of Christ, go forth and win renown." ■ Tho Spurs were then attached by the Hon' Sir M, O'Grady, Knight of the Order of: Gregory the Great, and tho investiture was concluded by tho Bishop saying—"Gird your sword on your thigh Puissant Knight, aud be eminent amongst men." The now Kuight tlion kissod the Bishop's baud, and placing hiB sword and spurs on tho Altar retired. 