The New Steamer Barrabool. THE screw steamer Barrabool, which' recently arrived from England, is a noteworthy addition to the fl«et of fine steamers employed in the passenger and cargo traffic between Sydney and Melbourne. The public aro indebted to the enterprise of Captain W. Howard Smith, of the latter city, for this first- class steamer, which he has commenced to run in conjuction with his other vessels, tho You Yangs, Dandenong, and Macedon. The Barrabool in appearance is not unlike the Mace don, but she has moro beam, and carries it well aft, with more of an overhanging stern ; thus ßhe may be expected to he a better vessel in a seaway. The ship was built by MessrB. Palmer, of the Jarrow ship-build ing works on the Tyno, and measures 225 feet lone, 30 feet beam, 15 feet depth of hold, tonnage by builder's measurement 942, tonnage register 588. The engines aro also by Palmor, and are a copy of thoBe which _ have worked with so much satisfac tion in the Macedon. Tho nominal horse power is 160, and SOO indicated. The two cylinders are 48 inches in diameter, having a stroke of 36 inches ; main shaft 10¿ inches in diameter, which drives a screw constructed with moveable blades, so ns to alter the pitch if requisite. Steam is generated in two cylindri cal boilers, and these ha*'o been tested at 801bs to the square inch ; und upon the official trial drove tho ship at a rate of 13 knots ; and upon a longer trial she ran from tho Tyne to Falmouth in 51 hours, laden with cargo, and tho consumption of fuel was only 14 owt, per hour; her average consumption has been found to bo 13 tons per day. All thc modern appliances for the speo.ly and economical working of the ship may be found on board-steam-winches and windlasses of tho most oompaot and efficient description have been supplied. Ono of tho most pleasing features iu tho Barabool is her magnificent saloon, and in fact all the passenger accommodation is of a superior kind. Tho saloon, like the other boats of tho fleet, is amidships, and is tastefully ornamented and fur I nished, affording berths for 50 passengers, 'ibo state rooms are eight feet wide. The second I cabin is spacious and well ventilated, and accommo dates 60 poisons. - Intending passengers to or from Melbourne will do well to iHspoct the accommodation of the ship. When fully freighted with coal, in both hold and bunkers, the ship ciuries about 1250 tons, and when running light she carries 400 tons of water ballast. Daring the time the ship was building BIIO was under tho superintendence of Captain Alfred Throssel, who has been for many years an officer in Captain Smith's employ, and who brought her out from England, after making a ninety days' passage. Tho short time the Barrabool has been running indi cates that sile is a success, and quito up to the owners expectations. Captain John Pain, late of the Macedon, HO well and favourably known in the intercolonial trade, has received tho now command. The cost of the Barrabool to Captain Smith is about £31,000, and tho steamers he exclusively owns in the trade represent a value of over £100,000 ; and tho persevering enterprise ho hus displayed in the above undertaking is likely to bo rewarded by a loni and prosperous career of tho Barrabool. Two heads aro better than one-especially in a barrel. A lady consulted St. Francis of Sales on the lawful ness of using rouge. "Why," said he, "some pious men object to it ; others soe no harm in it ; I will hold a middle course, and allow you to uso it on ono cheek. A- coming poet warbles ! " Tis midnight, and tho setting sun Is rising in the wide, wide west. The rapid rivers slowly run : The fog is on his downy rest ! The pensive ghost and sportive cow Hilarious hop from bough to bough.' An anxious Scotch mother on tho occasion of her son's departing for England, blessed him and gave him all good advice, concluding with, "My dear Sawny, my ainly son. gang south an' get all tho siller from Southrons. Tak' overy thins- yo can ; but tbe English aro a braw boxin' people, an' tak' caro o' them, Sawny. My dear son Sawny, novor light a bald man, for yon cannot catch hold o' him by tho hair o' his hoad. ' 