FATHER GRASSI BEFORE THE INQUISITION. i-ULI, BEPORT 01' HIS HI'EEOJI. Some few issues since we gave an extract from the speech of this converted priest before the Roman Inquisition, which gi-eatly interested our readers. The "extract" was all that had arrived from Rome by the papers. Wo have since received the full speech, and we here reprint it, as well worth the perusal of our Pro testant people in this colony, who hardly know yet what Popery is. From the mouth of a con verted Roman priest of the former standing and of the imdoubted talent of Father Grassi, the following, as delivered before the Roman Inquisition, in Rome, must be deeply interesting and instructive to Roman Catholics in this colony. The answer of the liev, C'lieo. Paolo Orussi, cx- incumheut of Sanla Maria Maagoire, made hefore live Tribunal of the Iloibj Inquisition at Rome : — Very Reverend Father,— By my farewell letter of the 28th September ultimo, addressed to the Cardinal Vicar, and by my pubhc pro fession of faith, I have declared that I have abandoned the Roman Catholic Church, I had no obligation (being no longer a subject of the aforesaid church) to present myself before your quality of Commissioner of the Inquisition, with which I have no longer anything to argue (or decide). Nevertheless, I have decided to come and answer before you, in jiersoii, not to appear to jmstify myself, because, my decision having been taken before God, it is to Him alone that I have to render any account ; so that I have no obligation to justify in any manner whatever, ami especially before a tribunal whose authority I do' not recognise, and whose e.xistence is a denial given to civilization and iirogfess, and completely destroys the purity of religion, of love, and of peaee, which Jesus Christ came to found on this earth. Therefore, I have presented myself before you in this place for the following reasons : — 1st. To bear witness of my faith in Jesus Clirist, who has enth-ely justified and saved me, and also to bear witness to the strength and con solation 1 have found in this faith. 2nd. To ijrofit by the occasion, wliich God in . His grace offers to me, to expose the truth before the Holy Office, and to expose it in all its fullness, in the hope th.at it may become the seed for the conversion of the whole elergy ; and I pray God that he may give me the consolation (unworthy instrument that I am), of seeing hundreds of others brought to the light of truth, and who until now have been obstinate and cruel persecutors. 3rd. To remove any doubt which may yet remain on your mind, and to deliver you from all difficulties relative to the position I held in the Basilica Libreriana ; the present is a formal renunciation of the aforesaid position, with all rights of profit which are attached thereto j I renounce them all in favour of the person whose right it is to be appointed there, and he can freely dispose of the said position, either keep ing it himself or giving it to any other person he may see fit ; I agahi say that I renounce it entirely, so that -with St. Paul I may say, " The tTiin£ from which I derived anything (a profit of any kind) are renounced bj' me as being injurious to Christ, and it is for Hun that I wished to renoimce them ; and I consider the profit 1 derivea irom tnem as ciross, ana now seek only to gain Christ." — (PhBl. iii. 7, S.) Having thus explained to you the reasons for which I now find myself before you in this place, I come to bear witness of my belief, which you call "Apostacy." With great surprise 1 see that in the letter delivered to me on the 11th mstant, I am desig nated as an apostate of the Roman Apostolic Catholic Church. Well ! I tell you franldy, that I am not so. No. I have remained faithful to the real Roman Catholic Apostolic Church, which you are not, and cannot be. And I have evei-y right to reject this name of apostate, I do so ; but it is. with the greatest giief that it is you who 1 must consider as apostates, for you do not belong to the Roman Catholic Apostolic Church j you did so once, but the day when " by sublime satire " (to mount higher) you disregarded all authority of the Word of God; the Word which Jesus preached to the multitudes you give in an unknoivn tongue, and this same Word has become like a fossil through you, -lyho haye, so to say, imprisoned and kejit down this Word in order to raise the doctrine of man. In truth, I rcmaui in the Church. According to the etymology of the Word, the church is a meeting of Christians, enjoying their several rights, and freely exercising tliein. lliese rignts may be used to maintain truth, to elect pastors or ministers, and in adrainistermg the affairs of the Church, but without letting themselves be abusively commanded by anyone whatsoever, and without letting themselves be stripped of these rights. I ask you, where are these rights of Christians to be found in the Ibipal Chimch ? You have usurped them ; the people have been despoiled of their most sacred right; and in that, which you please to call the Church, you exer cise only violence, like tyrants or despots ; you possess a power which is nothing else than a sacrilegious usurpation, and thanks to this power you dominate the whole flock of Christ, you dispose of their goods, and yon impose your doctrine on all their consciences. Is this a true Church 'I No. Consequently, I who had been called to divide -with you tliis usurpation, and who lived on wealth which we illegally possessed. sinco this wealth had not been given by the people to whom it belonged, I could not, I ought not, to remain longer in a situation which con stituted the crime of havmg other's property. And it is for this reason that 1 have left that which is no longer the Church, to go where, by God's grace, I have found the true Church, that is to say the meeting of the true Roman Christians, who exercise the above-mentioned rights. Which are conferred on them by God, and who sustain and proclaini the truth by choosing their pastors and ministers amongst their own numbei-, and by taking a lively interest in the administration of affairs relating to the Church, thus showing that they act by the hlspiratioii of the Holy Cfhost, which manifests itsmf ill them. Therefore, it is only from to-day that 1 can say I am in the Church. And not only do 1 form part of the Church, but of the Catholic Church. _ Effectively, by patting aside the nominal question of the Catho lic word, an unimportant question, if I seai'ch the Word of God for that light which is neces sary for me to discover where this CathoUcity is to be found, I find it in the words which Christ said to His disciples when He bid them farewell after the resurrection, — "And .Jesus spake unto them saying, all power is given nnto mo in heaven and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; .and lo, 1 am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen." — (Matt. xvii._ IS, 1!), 20. _ Thus the veritable Catholieity rests in the power exercised by God in heaven and earth, in tlie teaching of the doctrhie conferred to the Apostles, and in the observation of things ordered by Christ to many Christians, and of Christ's constant presence, in the Sphit, to all those who observe His Laws. C.an the Papal Church be called Catholic 2 It is not by might and power, for it has torn them from the hands of Christ to invest them in a Pope; it is not in teachmg, because it has put aside that of the Apostles and substituted the faUible wisdom of mau in its place ;. it is not in the observation, sinco it does not observe that which Christ ordered, but has substituted for it the c.apricious will of man ; it is not in the pre sence, since for the living and spiritual inesence of Christ an ephemera, false and superstitious presence of bread, has been substituted. Who then is C.atholic, you or 1 ? As for. me, 1 render thanks to the Father of my Lord Jesus Christ for having given me the true Catholicity, for letting mo feel the influence of His ; divine power, and for letting mo understand the teach ing of the Apostles. 1 thanli Him for giving me strength to act accordhig to what He has ordered mo; and I feel His (iweseuce. Hot in chewing and digesting it, but hi my life, in iny heart, and in my soul, and lean say, "1 live; yet not 1, but Christ liveth in me."— (Gal. ii.j 20. . / _ Thus 1 form part of the Catholic Uluireh. Besids this 1 form part of tlie Apostolic Church. What church can call itself Catholic and con sider this Apostacy ? , , The church which jjerseveres in the, doctrine of the Apostles. — Acts ii., 42. Vhat is the meaning of Apostolicity 2 . 1st. " That the Church has no need of other foundation than Christ and the Apostles."— Eph. ii., 20. _ . . 2nd. "That there is no other name but that of Cliristian.": — Acts ix., 26. 3rd. "That. there is no baptism, but that. of believers." — Acts viii., 36, 39, and Eph. iv., 5. 4th. " That there are no laws, but those of the Scriptures."- Tim. iii., 15, 16. 0th. ' ' That there is no . other Vicar, but the Holy Ghost."— John xiv., 16. 6th. "There is no other priesthood, but that of Clu'ist and all the faithful." — 1 Rev. iii., 4, 5. 7th. " There shall be no other government but that of Christ, and of all by brotherly love."- Matt, xviii., 17. Stli. "There is no other ministry, but that of Christ by means of In-otherhood, a ministry which is conferred on them by the Holy Ghost." — Eph. iv., 11. _ Where is the apostolicity to be found in the Papal Church? Tliis Church, has rejected the chief stone of the building, to accept one of Peter's, who up to this day has been personified uy U\J lilVM'U.uie) ux vxixxov o This Church has refused baptism, fuid yet siwinlded the heads of little children, the same as bells, houses, etc., etc. It calls the Holy Scriptures a pest, a poison, a mortifying food.— (See the brief of Pius Vll. 29th June, 1816, to the Archbishop Guesin in Poland.) It put the Holy Bible in the Index Expixrga- toris xvith such vyorks as those of , AHltarie and others.— (See the index of Pius IV.) , It puts the Holy Ghost aside, and recdgnises as the Vicar a man who was often a siimei-. It wished to establish a special and privileged caste for the priesthood, to the seclusion of all others. It violently tore the government of the people, and concentrated it in that too celebrated crosier of which Christ's saints have so many times repented the hardness. : _ , It does not recognise the mmistry as coming from the Holy Gho.st, but considers it an occa sion for intrigue, for interest, for simony, and lastly, for political ends. _ ; Can this Chureh be called Aijostolic ? Cer tainly not. Therefore, I have done right to abandon it ; and 1 have found the true founda tion, the baptism, the Word, the ijriesthood and the ministry of Christ, and the Apostles ; con sequently, it is only this day that I am xmder the i 'H'raNr nil-irac!+' if; ICJ -filnu nn'\r ViJtirUC UJ. UUW AWXJ' ViXlWSlU J viAxjr that I form part of tlic Roman Catholic Apostolic Church.. But besides this, I am in the tnio Roman Church. Effectively, no one can reasonably cali that which is Roman universal. The Roman signifies the Primitive (Chiu'ch which was at Rome, suicc with the exception of a very fexv of the elergy commencing under Pius IX. are Roman, and your lordshij), to whom I have the lionour of spe.aking, is not Roman. Well 1 I who am a Roman, .and was born Ai Monti. 1 have desired to search and find out what was the true Church of my ancestors. The first Romans who accepted Christianity were those who, on the Pentecost, accepted that AVord Avhich the ijriests scorn so much to this day, and that the Holy Oflice persecutes so well ; .and these Romans were baptized by that baptism which 5011 have ab.andoned, and wliich_ Ultra- montanisin so larauouy rejiresemiBu lu xuo mudu and last accej)tance by the Frusta) disd.ains with such sovereign conteinijt, precisely because it does not know it. Vet without masses and without a Pope these Romans were imbued with a faith so strong that it Avas knoAvn and pub lished in the whole universe. They had no Holy Inquisition, Avho imposed one common faith on them under pain of death, .and yet of their OAvn free will theyunanunously persevered in the doctrine of the Apostles, and in the com munion ; before the invention of the rosary by F.ather Dominic, the founder of your order, they persevered in their prayex'S, not havuxg before them a Pascario, the inventor of the dogma; of tr.ansxxbstantiation i yet they persevered in breaking the bread, and those who were rich had no cheams of fomxding houses of nxonastic penitence, but employed their wealth for the benefit of the poor ; they ate together xvithout assuming a sad or xveeping attitude, withoxxt twisting their necks, but with joy and simplicity of heart ; neither did they reqxxiro a choir p.aid to sing psalms, and dressed as pxiests as at pre- seixt — they simply pxaised the Lord ; and with out maintaining Sxviss Zouaves, or soldiers of .any kind, bec.ause they were loved by the people. Nor did they come to the Church to be s.avcd, for they were .already saved, bxxt they xvent there, led by their boiicf in the Lord, axxd not inflxxenced by relations. This Church xvas conx- plcte, with the exception of one thing, of Avhich you cex-tainly do not st.and in need, of xvlxich you have even a great abundance, and what you have even pxxt on your altax, that is to say gold axxd silvex', which has been yoxxr ruin. They had xxo sxxxxxptxxous basilicas, no AHticaxx, xxor tlxc Late- r.an, not cvexx a Saxxta M.aria Maggiorc ; bxxt they met together in px'ivate hoxxses ; they had no xxiinisters xvho xvex-e fox'ccd to live iix a state of excomnxuxxicatioix fx- oin society, but theii-s xvex-o .xixxitcd by the chains of axx hoxxest marriage. !And yet these fiiithful taught themselves, ami did xxot go back froxii the holy doctrhie to xvhioh they Averc firmly sittached, and Avhich they looked upon as a sustahxing ixillar of the meat column of truth, from Avhich the rays of light, Avere shed ox'cr the Avoxdd. Nevertheless this Primitive Church rendered a striking and glorious testimony of Avhich you still h.ave a m.atcrial proof in the Catacombs of Rome, axxd in the Colosseum, Avhere, even at the- cost of their lives, they bore Avitness to that f.aith Avhich is oxxr oavxx. Chx'ist, foi-eseeing your iniquities, yoxxr out-/ i-ages, and the sorroAvfxxl condition into Avhich, jyou Avould plunge this people, cxhoi-ted the members of this Primitive Church to .bcAvare of those Avho Averc the cause of dissension or scandal for the doctrine they have learned, and toi'ctiro. : from tlxoxxx as they do not serve the Lord Jesxxs : Christ, but their belly, sixxd avIxo seduce thp hearts of simple person, by soft and honeyed flattei'y — (Romans xvi., 17, 18). Afou Inquisi tors, you Pontiffs, you, Prelate of, the Pap.al Chxxrcix, arc you not the . exact image of Avhat is - here mentioned in the AVox'd of God AVhercis the Roman Church ? AVhat have you done with ; it? The Roman Church, so splendid, , so pure,, so glorious, has been basely betrayed, profaned, vitiated, Avounded, and crucified by your doc trines and superstitions ; you have tortured it by yoxxr intallibxlxty dogma of the i-ecent date of 1870 ; .and to gxx.ard it yoxx have placed tyraxxts and mercenaxdes, both Sxviss axxd Zouaves, that yoxx have called to assist at the martyrdom of the- llomaix Catholic A)ostolic Clixu'ch in Rome. Noav listen to xx'hat God h.as promised to , do here in Rome agiiinstthe enemies of His Church. Here is the infallible oxxlerthiit God sends to the Roman xxnbelievers : " The God of peace xviU sooxx grind Satiux under his feet." — Roxnaxxs xvi., 20. Do you not tremble at these Avords of the Lox'd ? Is is not ijexhaps Satan who has imposed axxd directeil so xxxany .ixxdgmexxts, so many tox-- tures, so many butcheries, and massacres in these very rooms ? Do yoxx then xvish to make these very xviills, cry exit against you ; these xv.alls in Avhich so maixy Christians have been called? You xvish to make these vaxxlts speak, xvhiclx have so often echoed to cxdes of sxgony !-7-these subterraxxean chambers, xvherc so many Christians xvere bxxried alive ! But ah-exidy Satan begins, to be, coxx- qucrcd ; th® torch of the dog of tlie Inquisition is for ever extinguished, the breath of God has , lilnwii Hiifin it., .and from this time forth it can never more be ignited. In this room to-d.ay 1 come to bear xvitness to tlxe truth, and yoxx no longer have the poxver to touch a hair of my head; yoxx hax-e lost all authority, the xvork of God has commenced y and soon these Avails, these chambei-s, these in- stiaxments of tortxxx-e, and this tribxxnal xvill be gx-oxxud like so mxxch ilust under oxxr feetj and the dust thi-OAxm to the four xvinds, .announcing to the exxtire xvorld that the office of the Holy Incjxxisition has ceased to exist, duly tle.ad, so that it Avill never xigaux X'aisc itself, sixxcc God xvill have ground it xxnder the feet of the Roman be lievers. Yes, Satixn xvill be gx-oxuxd, his xvork ; slifvll be destroyed;, the doctrines, : the super stitious,, the errors, fall each day; the truth penetrates more ana more ; soon mere xvixx oe iio, more b.arriers xvhich can ojmose any obstacle ,- beciiusc the God of pieace xvill grind Satan uudex';, our feet. _ . Axxd yoxx men, h.ardened in your doptrmes, listen for a moment to lux old father of the priest hood, , Avho said mass, , xvho confessed, xvho ixreached with' you, you xvho hear him speak thus; you must noxv xvoeix for Jue as if I xvere dead. Bxxt, on the contrary, I tell yoxx lexivc yoxxr tears aside, I .axn not dead, bxxt 1 have entered xvnioxigst,,the living,- ami .t couxe to xux- iiraiiipo -fn vnii tbf! I'L'sxxrrectioxx xvhich is beiiin- ning, the resurrection of that Chxxrch xvhich you h.ave tried to stifle in blood. Th.at Church xxoxv breaks the tombstone, and advauoes clear suxd bx'illi.ant ixs the morning aux'oxu, xvhose xvhite light sliining on the Seven Hills pxits to flight ignorxince,, sxxperstition, heresy, tyrxviiny, juxd apostacy, fiiithful shadows of dark night. F.arexveU, then, Chxxrch of my yoxxth ; farc- xvell, my comimlcs, comrades of ,an xxprixed ministxy, ministers of - a work of dcstrxiction ; I leave you because I xvill not be ground to dust by Satan ; I go - from the dead, and a dead Ciiurch, because I belong to the Resurrection; 1 leave you because , Paul the Apostle of -lome ox'doi'S me to retire from such ministers. - And if my xvord stiU exercises any influence on yoxxr heaxts, I conjxxro yoxx, I pray you, to open yoxxr eyes to the light, .and to .abandon this system of, darkness hi xvhich you lix'e, and to accept the a-p1o«.lniiv nf flliviRt,. who will raise vmi. xvill console you, and Ihxally le.ad yoxx into His majestic glory. . 1 know that these doctrines xviU, appear im pious and heretical in your eyes ; bxxt xvith God's aid l .am ready to mahxtain them before you in a. public discussion. And if your Chxxrch, be lieves me to be in error, then let it come and, publicly denounce my errors.— Believe me, AHry Rev. Father, your Lordship's xmy. .humble servant, . . Paolo Gka.ssi, Olxev,. i 