LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. WallSend Road.— We see by the Go vernment Gazette that tho road to AVullsend by tho Dog and Eat is at length proclaimed. Gazette Notices. — His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the ExecutiTC Council, directs it to be notified for general in formation, that the undermentioned gentleman has been appointed an additional member of the Public School Board in connection with tho Public School established at Newcastle South : — Mr. John Jones. The Barque Ellen Browne. — The barque Ellen lirowne. arrived from Western Australia on the 30th instant, having on board seven expirees. It may bo readily inferred tlmt these men arc not much of an acquisition to our population, one of them having already sisnul ised his arrival by appearing at tho Police Court for being drunk and disorderly. Arrival of the English Mails at Adelaide and Bin shank. — The P. and O. Company's mail steamer JS'ubia, with the mails for April, which le't Galle on tho 11th of May, lias arrived at Adelaide. Ah wo have details of English News, via California, to tho 27th of April, and the heads of all the important occur rences after that date hare been' received by cable, it is not likely that the mails by tho Nubia will contain any additional news of interest. The Eastern and Australian mail steamer Tom Morton arrived at Moreton Bay on Friday night, with the mails via the Torres Straits route. Fearfully Narrow Escape.— On Fri day last, just before Williamson met his death, a coal train was passing on cue same nno to tuc pits, when, as it came near the crossing under the staiths, between Pcrkin-strecl and the bridge, a man, apparently intoxicated, came from under neath the staiths, immediately in front of the engine, and was knocked down by it. The engine was stopped as quickly as possible, and the stoker ran to where no had seen the man full, but before he reached the spot, he saw the man staggering away, at some distance off, to all ap pearance unhurt. ,'Ono shall bo taken and the other left.' Notice Of Insolvency. — In the insol vent estate of John Simpson, of Wallsend, in the colony of New South Wales, miner, the first and only meeting of tho creditors of the said insol vent will be holdcn before the Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, at the Court-house, New castle, on Wednesday, the first dny of July, a.d. 1874, to commence at eleven o'clock in tho foro nonn, or as soon afterwards as the course of business will permit, for proof ot debts agaiutt the said estate, &c.; G-eoiiqe Hibbebt Dkffell, Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates. An tiiub Henry, Registrar in Insolvency. Official Assignee — John Piper Mackenzie. Important Foot Race. — A nmtch has been made between Watson, of Scone, and Cronk, of Ballarat, a quarter of a mile, for £200 a si 'Jo ; to be run on tho Hamilton road, in about six weeks time. Cronk is in the hands of the veteran Alex. Don, of Wallsend j and Wat son is in training by Dunlop, tho Hamilton pedestrian. The names of both Cronk -nd Wat son are well kuown to pedestrian fame, and the contest will, no doubt, bo a most exciting one. A telegram was despatched to Cronk, on Satur day night last, at eight o'clock, and an answer was received at 9.30 p.m., saying that ho would run Watson as above, and deposits en each side wero mado at once. , Theatre Royal. — On Saturday evening this house was again crowded, to witness a nautical drama entiticd, 'The Anchor of Hope,' in which Mr. E. Holloway and Miss E. Austin sustained the principal characters. Katliorino and Petruchio closed thp entertainment, in wliLh Mr. F. .Belton capitally delineated the vivacious Petrnchio, and Airs. E. Holloway, the shrewish but winning Katherine. Miss Amy Chambers was encored again in her Sailors Hornpipe between the pieces. ? Last night, Shakspeare's sublime tragedy of '|Haralot' was ably produced, Mr. Belton sustaining tho princi pal character, with moro than ordinary, skill, ana tne lair upnena wa» nanurauijr )juurirayea by Miss E. Austin. The Ghost of Hamlet's father, and the guilty queen found most effici ent representatives in Mr. and Mra. Holloway, who wero deservedly applauded. Tho Hamlet of Mr. JBelton, and- the Ophelia of Miss Austin deserve more than a pas notice, but,the lateness of the hour, at which, the performances terminated, prevents us from doing so. Tho enthusiastic approbation bestowed upon these gifted artistes testified to tho admira tion of tho crowded audience before them. To night will bo repeated by special dosiro ' Still Waters run deep' to be followed by a laugh ble farce. : Miss Adelaide Stoneham at the City Hailv— Wo observe that-.MiBS Adelaide]] Stonoham, so, we'll and ?favpurabTykn'o\vn;in the/ other colonies — in Ceylon,' Java, and. Singapore; -ias one of -the most' pleasing ah'd versatile dramalio^aml operatic artists of.tho prespntilay, will . give hor 'first drawing:room entertainment in the' Citj' Hall, on Wednesday' next. The various critiques in the leading colonial and island journals ore entirely in her favour, -parti- cularly in the protean entertainment of ' I won t go,' in, which she sustains no less than six differ ent characters, accompanying tho representations with characteristic singing and dancing. ]Miss' Stoneham is assisted by Mr. II; Stonulmm in the dramatic portion of tlio cntcrtninniL'nt, nnd by Mr JH. Goulstono. in the musictil arransomenf s. This gentleman's namo is a post in itself. We predict a largo 'attendance on this occasion. ' Good Templars' Meeting. —On Saturday evening last, a special meeting of the Newcastle Lodge, for the purpose of receiving candidates for the.ordor( was held in tho Con gregational School-room. Fifteen now members were initiated, thirteen of whom were seamen, belonging to vessels trading to this port, of which number, six belonged to the barque Antipodes. At the close of the initiation, th« Lodgo was addressed by Mr. Smith, the Sea man's Missionar}', Messrs. Uooks, and Goodsir, and Cnntain Patrick, on the independent posi tion which seamen could obtainjif .they eschewed intoxicating drinks. Tho seamen wero also strongly advised to show their truo British pluck, and their good Templar colours when nsked to partake of the Circean cup. Accident to Steam- tug Challenge. , — We regret to state that, yesterday morning, as tho steam- tug Challengo was outside the harbour, tryiug her speed with the Bungaree, an accident, which might have hnd very serious 'consequences, occurred. Tlic. Challenge .\tat 'ahead of the Biingareo, and the captain told tho enginoer to go down and slacken speed, when, just ns (lie engineer placed liix hnnd o?i the wheel to do so, the main shaft of tho itarbnartl whcol broke. Steam was at once shut oft', which prevented any further damage being done. For tunntely, tho tug has disconnecting engines, nnd was thus enabled to work with her port engine into the harbour to be repaired. We are in formed that she will lie ready for service in two or three days. Tho Challenge has been rather unlucky since she hns been in this port, but it is to be hoped that she will be more fortunate for the future. Commandant's Inspection. — Yeitrr. day afternoon, tho Newcastle Artillery fell in in Scott-street, nt two o'clock, under tho command of Lieutenant's Kirkaldy and Aggar, Captain Holt being unavoidably absent throiisili illness The battery marched to Allen's Hill for gun drill inspection by Lieutonnnt Colonel Kichard son, Majors Christie and Bolton wero also pre sent. The Battery went through tho whole of the drill. Thcro were only thirty gunners pre sent including the two ofliccrs above-mentioned, aud Qunrtor-mnster Sergeant Wells. Thero would, no doubt, have been a much larcer at tendance, but most of the men having had leave previously from their various avocations to at tend tho encampment, found it impossible to get away again yesterday. After the drill was over, tho Commandant said that he regretted ho could not compliment the Battery on its proficiency, but as lie was aware that a grcnt number of those present were recruits, and that many of tho old hands wero not present, tho deficiencies wero very excusable, but he hoped that at the next inspection ho would observe a great im provement. On behalf of the Battery it must be stated first thut the preparations for the late encampment mnncouvrps, and which had occu pied much of their time lately, woroof adillerent nature to tho usual garrison gun drill ; secondly, that the succession of wet weather hnd pro- i vented a great deal of their usual practice, and also that the guns being newly in position, acted | as a great drawback to success in the present occasion. Colonel Richardson, after his inpec tiou of the Artillery, proceeded down to the ercen near St. John's Church, and inspected the Volun teer Bifles. There wero sixty members of the company present, including officert. The men went through their various manonvrcs very creditably, and with one exception their arm.i were clean nncl in good condilion. The rifle of one man, however, wus so dirty, tlmt it was taken from him. Considering the short notice given, and being so soon after the encampment, the working men in the company deserve es pecial praise for mustering as well as (boy did. Rape.—A man named Pleydell, or Prid- dle, has been committed by the bench of magis- trates to take his trial, a charge of rape having been preferred against the prisoner by a young woman named Clarke. The outrage is said to have occurred in the vicinity of Jones's Creek, near Maharatta. Pledell will be tried at thu Criminal Sessions in Sydney. — Munuro Mcrauij. Shooting Case at Gundemaine. — With regard to the late shooting ense in tho above locality, the_ Narrabri Herald says : — ' In tho hospital lies George Smith, lately in the employ of Mr. James Mosely ; the back part of nis right elbow has been shot cleun away', ieaviug the joint exposed, and ha has a number of heavy shot in his right breast. In the lock-up lies George Whitton, of Molloy, who, on Tues day evening, with two of his sons, rotlq after Smith — who, Whitton avers, was eloping' with .his wife — and overtaking him, discharged aloaded shot-gun at him, with the foregoing results. Smith, a powerfully-built man, of about thirty five years of age, is very weak from loss of blood, and Dr. do Lepervanche, who is attending him, declines at present to give any opinion as to how the case will terminate. Whitton has long bore tho reputation of a very violent tempered man. Mrs. Whitton is a middle-aged woman, and the mother of several children. The shooting took place between Gundemaine head station and Power's selection, and in tho hut of the latter, the wounded man, removed thero in a spring cart by the Whittons, lay all Tuesday night, prior to his removal to the hospital.' Rather Munchausenish.— Returning home on Tuesday evening with his horse ant dray, darkness overlook a man named Phclan, and though knowing tho turns and twists of the various tracks to avoid the holes, his off wheel came in contact with a post and rail fence, and became jammed ; Phelan, without a moment's thought, jumped off the drny on the dear side, and into a hole fifty feet deep. On the follow ing morning a neighbouring farmer named Storm, on passing tho spot, noticed Phelan's horse and dray, and took them to the farm, and was surprised to learn that Phelan had not re turned homo on the previous night. It was noticed by Storm that Phelan's dog did not fol low him with the horse and dray, but remained at the hole, and his fears being aroused, Storm and the neighbours went to tho shaft, and calling out 'Below,' a lusty answer was returned. Hopes were immediately procured and lowered, and Phelan having secured himself gave the signal, and was quickly raised to tho surface unhurt, though stiff and cold. A stiff nobblerof whisky soon restored the circulation and Phelan strudged homo without assistance, and as if noUiihg'hdd happened. The most singular coincidence in connection with this most miraculous escape remains to be told. About six months ago Phelan was breaking in a young horse' for'dray purposes, and on one particular day was puking ho animal, harnessed to a dray, through his fadings, and: in close proximity to the hole in question. The horse becamo ungovernable, and ultimately fell headforemost, dray and all, down the hole,, or rather ' midway, and was soon choked to death by the pressure of the collar. To save the dray, the harness was cut away, and, the dead horse descended to tho bottom. li'was' on this decomposed mnttcr that poor Phelan! alighted so that his position may bo more easily imagined than described, and which he evidently' -ore like a true philosopher. — Ballarat Star, '- '* .Child Lost and Found.— On Sundim no 7fh instant, a little boy, aged two yoars and £half,!;son'-of Mr. Towers, blikck^Qii'th74t.Kr tenJs'.inill; Mount Macedon'/ fdjIoWecl some )ther children, who wero going to*a hut some Jistanee away from their home. .!Thev-tried;to nalfq*the.child return, antl went, oiMbeir way mppd/iingythat ho had done so. The parents ;hought~ho was with the others, and only roalised thefaet that ho was' lost wheifllicy re turned some hours afterwards. . Immediate 3earch wns made in the neighbourhood, and all ;he neighbours were quickly arbuscdjind joined iu tho ?search.'''As''iiii;lit'aHvanbcd' the matter beenmo more serious,' and tho news of the loss being sprund, the search parties became larger, and extended in nil directions. ISMght came, but no trace of the mining child could be found. Fires were kindled, and search in extended line kept up all night. To make matters worso heuyy showers of rain camo on. Tho dreadful anxi9t3- and suspense of tho parents can bo well understood. All tho following morning the quest \\- as continued. About noon, on Monday, two of the searchers were descending a thickly wootletl gully when they saw a tiny head appear ing over alog, and a pair of little arms grasping the top in a vain endeavour to mount tho' obstacle. They also heard.a little voice crying bitter^ for aid. ? In a few minutes the baby was in tln- arms of his mother, whose, feelings wero too groat for expression. When Mr. Grant took up the litllo fellow,* ho clung to him with a grimp rendered like steel by the dreadful reac tion und the sense of terror. The wandurer liad been out for quito twenty-four houm, but was none the worse for his night in the busl'i. He said in his childish patter 'no supper,' 'no tea,' which wns as eloquent as if he had spok'un vol unies. — Lanc.efield Jisamincr, 