STOCK REPORTS. PrstuQus -There is a prospect of the Darling i "bungoncemoronavlgablc, if only for a short time, throughout, and a number of Victorian steamers are t lil 1 on for Bourke and the upper parts of the h or. p 8000 wethers, Cullen in charge, crossed at Bourke for I" the southern markets 350 fat cattle have been started seven Tlmrt,orninJah, bulloo River, for Adelaide, W Conlon and Co , purch rivers , 300 fat cattle have been defeated ed for Melbourne from the same station, 350 1st cattle hailed Cheshunt station. Bulloo River, for Melbourne These cattle take the back country track tollilcaunia. Mustering is taking place on Mr Cent is Fort Bourke station, for 600 heifers to be sent to It enteric (QueeriBlaiid), the lambing season is over, firm, a little) sat "factory result ActiVe prop tra- ita are being 'made for shearing, and the clip is expected to be more than usually good It is expected that some of the wool Mill (to be steamers for Melbourne and Adelaide, and HENSLEY much of the clip the would colliery is to crashed on the Darling may be burned off in the grease from Brewarrina we hear that the rates and their tributaries are rising, and are not eligible to three or four small steamers A Willi n e is expected 21,000 sheep crossed on j entries 9 for Beemery At Hay the finest po ible Heather has prevailed throughout the district during, the last few days On Saturday a boat) shailer fell, but it has soon bright again. The mers very high over the bank, but it is thought it will not rise any higher at present, it has been the case of detaining Some 10,000 sheep on the north Mile, all for Melbourne Arrangements have been made to cross Some 3,500 (Gilbert in charge) to-day by the steamer Murrumbidgee There are two lots of 1,000 (Peter Tyson) and 2,000 James T son BY jet to good or it is expected that the just will be at work again on Saturday Our Lachlan correspondent tells us that It has been ailing for a fortnight 'The Lachlan is still very high, and the Lake Cudgellico is rising The steady south mud tends to keep all the There high At K Deniliquin it has been fine for the week, the country IOOIB line the plains are covered with gross and herbage The Mater in the Edward is nearly level Wh the tonics thereof, but the Murray has fallen ? several! feet at Albury, so we may expect the water of -the side and soon to fall Following are the crossings at Deniliquin -July 18 Learmonth s 6,000 fat sheep, was said Cunningham, agents. July 20 Dalgety, juc noyd, and Co's 2,000 fat sheep, Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Co July 21 Whittingham and Co 's 6,000 fat sheep Sjnrots 3 500 fat sheep Iii of lots of fat sheep (Darchys and Poolna) will cross the narrow 25th Pastoral Times, July 26 HAGOIWACKIA-The weather has been Ano, as a rule, since our last report The nights have been ttmmlut cold, but not soggy, nor has that chilliness which marked the earlier part of the season been cv t Penenced, the temperature having been no more than their g A slight quantity of rain has fallen, a smart shower occurring early this morning, and a brief M very heavy one this evening feed is terrorise;, and it is unnecessary to add that there is no limit of water in about a fortnight shearing sheds have commenced upon Some lotions and at present preparations are general Down the river the Heather has been changeable ; Tollards 1 liston, very heavy rain has fallen Shearing ., commences at the Euston station on the 1st prox from Manaro, no have accounts of rain, followed by severe frosts and for, cattle and sheep are in good condition. The roads are in a very bad condition for traveller (,, and (great difficulty is still experienced in obtaining j, supplies in consequence In the neighbour today Queanbeyan very severe frosts have occurred, and the BUILD may be said of Tumut In both Tlatter vicinities, ne hear that stock is doing WIL notiilthstMiuuig the severity of the season -bmasimithviantcdln many parts of Queensland, if from some iHn'rlcta we hear of a beneficial fall. the New South Wales border, in the Goondiwindi -ounce, the fall was especially welcome The Macln as"s so rapidly and overflowed its banks, but it is we falling, and no bad none is anticipated from rrj"°T Now, owing to the great extent of country ST up, which will no doubt absorb a great quantity Jj *»ltr On the Darling, the lambing season is now N"I or cr, showing a ld(,hiy satisfactory result £5 I rciiirntloiiB are being made for shearing, IT Joe clip is expected to be more than usually good va The Namoi, the roads are in bad condition for visible, owing to the rain, but feed is moderately eggs or the season Sheep have suffered much AFTER "to past ruins, and we hear of heavy losses in EJT quarters Upon the Macquarie those in USA in "nil Considering that the BOas on line late cold, stock are in fine order. Preparations 'heating are being made on most of the sheep runs '' face cut will, It is expected, be heavier' than last K , > ''PO'»!"'«, In butter order. On the Bogan of material!". from which districts good accounts To! the state of the country and the condition as,' Preparations for shearing are being made Lass 2' Uro stations, Very heavy rains, attended at < weather, have been experienced on the was yarn, and stock, especially cattle, are) much !»|.ÍT , or- the Lachlan the weather has been fine, freights. Iced, as a rule, is scarce; but as ; i relate many ""a unfavourable weather, the going is exported to turn out well. Preparations J:mT, "o KO'ieral The local market has not wants''. and bTlti owingdoubtloasto the absence JK a ghost interested in pastoral matters at the State. t.OW THe passings are '-2000, 800 fat IS: . (Martin's), for Melbourne, P, A., and Remnant' made (Warby's), also for Mol StK;T1 Campbell and Co, agents! COO do. as!? and Bowler's), for same market, J. O. Ord.' £8<"!l> 200" °»X EST f. Gobbagombalin from Muttama. life in, the. T?" and -280 of <»*"» (Aaron's) ? tun, Samwells through Dubbo on Monday »«Wiigtou-ulUnmto destination not known ¡ 300 fat cattle (Browne) have started from Cannon bar for Melbourne; 200 fat cattle (Ridge's) from' Willie, in charge of Prosper Ridge, are near here going to Sydney via Mudgee ; 6.000 maiden ewes (Taylor's) purchased from Messrs. Ryrie and Alexander, passed on Saturday going to Cardwell, Merri Merri ; 7,000 sheep (D. D. Baird's) from the Springs, passed here on Wednesday. in charge of Harper, going to Narrowamar. The Coolah passings are June 28, 1,300 wethers (Victory s) for Maitland June 30, 170 fat cattle (JITJllione'e) ; July 2, 1,080 wethers (EM Brothers') ; July 4, 224 fit cattle Vickery's), 1,600 fat ewes (Clark Brothers') ; July 5, 242 fat cattle (M'KenzIo's) ; July 6, 1,100 wethers (Ronald's), 200 fat cattle (Crowley's), 200 . do. (Mosley's) ; July 11, 1,200 wethers (Olass'B.) Those lots are all destined for Sydney. 8,000 wethers, bound south, crossed at West Bourke on Monday last. 350 fat cattle (Gordon's) have started from Thargomindah, Bulloo River, for Adelaide. 300 fat cattle for Melbourne have left the same state:. 350 fat cattle have left Cheshunt, Bulloo River, for Melbourne, via 1','ilcannla. 600 heifers (Mr. O'Shanassy.) will shortly leave Fort Bourke for Weribone, (Queensland. The Forbes parsings, as reported by the " Times," are : 400 fat cows and bullocks from Toganmain (Robert- son's), Taylor in, charge, passed on the 12th for Melbourne ; 030 Store bullocks (Morgan's), owner in charge, passed on the 12th for Wagga £1,000 sheep, fat and store (Robertson's), Buchanan in charge, passed on Tuesday for Melbourne ; 9,000 mixed sheep (Rutledge of from Monaro, passed on the 10th going to Gunningbar on the Macquarie ; 8,000 store sheep (Coueen'B) from Pal Lal, Gwydir River, passed Narrabri for Urawilkey on the 14th.-" Wagga Wagga Express," July 26. 