fENOLA.,: (From our own Correspondent.) Anenst 14. The'Murray troupe appeared Viiere the other night to ajvery poor house. This possibly 4rose; from the perform ance 'being; announced for Saturday and not taking-place till Monday.; The night also was wet, and the perform ance long arid1 tiresome. There was Borne very good step dancing and comic breakdowns,:.but the gentleman who enacted (the nigger, though capital on his ' piins, as soon as he opened his mouth betrayed his Caucasian origin. There was no trace of " Cain" sugar or otherwise about him then. Mr.-Boss Albertine did some clever trapeze business.' A performance was also announced for Tuesday night, which was again wet, but there was no attend .ance, and it consequently lapsed. I hope : they had better luck at The Mount, but W give credit where it is 'due;there was evidently no curtailing of the amusements on : account ofthe small attendance; .but this might well have been done .as regards the Ghost in the Pawn-shop, which played about twice as long as it ought to. . The Oddfellows' anniversary dinner is to'taka place on Wednesday next at the Royal Oak JEotel. The examination of the school of Mr. Dalgleish took place on Thursday by the Rev.! H. -H.: Pinlay and Dr. Breton. The examiners' report J-"We found in attendance 72 scholars. We examined classes in each of the follow? ing branchesspelling, dictation, read ing/gFara®&r;, geography, and arith metic. We diesire to express our very great gratification at the answers of all the pupils in these branches, particu larly the girls. We desire to put on record our approval of the system ol instruction pursued by Mr. Dalgleish, The conduct of the pupils was every: thing we could wish, and the discipline of the. school admirable. We desire also to express our regret at the in tended departure of Mr. Dalgleish from Penoia: School roll, 65 boys; 16 girls. Present,. ;56 ; boyb ; 16 girls, Average attendance,; 72 for the las! three months; average on roll,.89." Some wretched individual, with BE evldeht desire to see himself in print popped the following into my letter^ box:- / *' This thought, Sir, came, across me on the birthday of the Duke : 'Tis often said our senior, M.P.. got in bj a fluke; ^ ; .; And as nature alwayis likes ,to see a balance brought about, ^ The chances are that (by a fluke our M.P. will get out." : . 