TALES AND SKETCHES. •THE G'HOSl' ; 0'F 'li'fj'liNUT." •AN 'Ohioikal 'J'AI.I:.JIV " J.]i.-|{ :; l CuiTTt;n 1. . It Mu^y 'th tile year 1880. I 5 !^ 'night "whs Very da'fk. On "such a •aijjlit fWO 'persons, a iiialc'attd a te- 'ihlile, were \va1kih(; "<jti (he short "beach ait Stirriley, 'Circular Head; tlie'y \ve'e Coining from Hi«'hffield to 'the towiihliip tb an 'evening party. All at once the leinale s'top|ied,'uii<i 'tn-ainililti.-ily t Vclainied. at the same 'tiiiii: serzing lit'r companion by the a'rib, I'fcerc— tllere it is ugaiir Dick !" . . " Vtis, there'it is," lowlv hiutftred kick. " Don't be afraid, Lu f dtiii'-t trciiiljle hu." I 'can't 'help it. ••IXidk, indeed, I c.iii')," tlie poor i^iJ i'«p1ii>fl. "i wonder what it c;.n 'bD? ' adtilo- <quiscd Dick, sotto voce. "Oil! Uitk, wluit vrti it be?" >he euijuired. "'J'hat's the tnystci-y, Ln, that perplc'xe.s-us all,' teplied'her cuuipaiiion. . How drebdful it look's, 'walking so clbie to 'the eil»e, and 'clad in white, with that yrt'en liylif. 'it 'm-iktfs nie shudder.". Ai-ii tlie poiir '•girl trembled like an aspen lent'. '"'Don't be so friylitnted, Lu; the ghost can't : hu'rt us here," &at;<l Didk, •trjlDj: to-reustfur'e the poor girl. 1 "dhrfrt't "bo tiidcli -lit tdr daticiing 'to- night, Dick!" '•"Oh, yes, you 'will; you'll lo'rget all ahqitt it when .y<iu -got 'to dejr did Aunt's." At t'bat mo'iuent tile 'niyWt^rlbu.s igreen light changed '16 red. . "Oh, } Dick, lookl/the Rglil ils no longer grden.'bu't tiid." ~ 1 S o 'it 'is, !Lu, so it is. jt is Very : strange," mused her couipanion. \- iie had just fiuished speaking, 'wlit'ti there was an a-wlul report that.ujude them both «hodd<ir, the 'cbrtii under their feet seemed to oscillate, the red light and the mysterious u'ppearai'ce who .held it and swung it aoout'dis-^ appeared. The poor girl shrieked and theu swooned. Dick laid Iter down very gently oil the bauk, and Vretit to the sea. aud having saturated fiis pucket haO'dhercbici with tlie -briny elemenl, retiiriled to poOr l.u «|id .Washed ; her'lace with it. Jt was not loni^ betore she recovered 'con- sciou.si.ess.- "fill, Dick, let us hurry." " With fall" my -heart, hu," responded 'Dick. They soon arrived tit Aunty's "wllerii Ihev found Hie whole of the •guestv, who were very much .ilarinsd '•t 'the appearand' jjrescntud liy pncii Hrn. -Auntie jfavi- tier a uluss <il' nine. Di.iili i^ciiiiiited the sti:aii;;e evi'nts ot' ')'.'!.. "'f''* >«> '«he. 'usstuuliled jjm Siiiiie Miitlcd iilcirilulou.s'ly. One or two hait° htiin' a sti,iii«f light, .siiine litres vri-en ani^ at other liino.s red at one lime at he top, at otheis at one part'or an..thcr of the " Nut," nearer to the wa'e?. All who \%eie seiuhied kne^ that for about two years'it hdtl been coinuioiily snid that the "Nut" was haunted, but they the' educated "portion of the com muniiy, had pooli-puohnd it, Out now tlint t)jck and"* Lu had ttceii'it, they were puzzled; and tlie mysterious event threw a gloom over the party, And efrery bne pronounced it to be slow and flat. ' 1 ' ' XDsiapteb IT. file 'rocky 'promontory is. locally called the ".Nut," to which uainc some, who are 1 oyer fastiduous and with . silly afl'ectation, object, considering it vulgar so to designate it. They aflett " The 13luff." What's in i-ttamei But to return to uiy tale. This i-ocky promontory gives the name Circular Ucud to the port and district. It is about 400 teet above the level of the sea. It is sleep and somewhat "difficult of ascent to persons .suffering from bbisity, asthma, or heart-disease ; in (act, J wouldn't •advise them to try it. It has abou 90 acres ol good table land, It is of volcanic origin, and lorms a bold and striking landmark as seen from sea. It is washed by the sea on all sides but the west. At its foot is tlie burying-ground. and hence tlie ghost wouldn't have lax to go to ascend the " Ntit." c _ In Marshall-street, a "short distance roriilioth theburyiiig-gruund and the fasceut of the " Nut" were two houses, one ol which was forinerly used as a telegraph oflice, occupied by two brothers, one enjoying the sobriquet ol Syduey Joe, and the other lllack Hill They had located themselvei at Cir cular Head for ticuilv 1 liiee years. Porriierly they liad only one ol tinhouses, where they curried on tinbusiness of bakei's. 'I heir bread exuellont, and tliey got a SII'C.IL deil ol custom : so much so, that tln:y mjuI a large quantity up the coast to various customers per s.s. J'iuitccr. Alter a while tliey took the other Iiousj and opened a general stoio. It -ivas the cheapest store in tlni plate. They did a very large trade, livery week, the Pioneer brought down five or more eases tor their lirin, aud tliey, every return tiip, sent away as many up the coast They bought aud hold lor cash onlyi No 'booking nor bad debts. That's the reason they assigned lor their being able to sell so cheap. They complained bitterly ol having to close their shop before dark, as no customer would venture round for -bread or anything else, uucause ol its proximity, to the cemetery, and beiiig frightened of+hc " Ghost of the Nut." Ho«e>'er,{tlfei-e was no help fur it, close t'h 'y mtist,-i-nd close they did; and jet they «t re amassing a 'rapid fortune They called the people Idols lor being trigimned ol a light. They never saw or heard an) tiling to frighten them. it was an old woman's tale, to intimmidate children. iSu tilings went oil for a few months longer, uit il die 6'tli if August, uh ji most tvni nk-alde rliscnve'ry was made, un.i which i slrail recoutil my next chapter. XJhai'teu HI; There was another party on the township. T'lrree ol the number who had |jus't arrived had seen the mysterious appearance, abd leit greatly alarmed. Mr Leary, alien Sydney •jjoe, "wasn't tht-t-e to 'ridiculb it, but antdug'st 'tile 'riuntber present SvaS a Mr Decree, a gcntlcniun who 'had arrived 'by the Pioneer^hat da'y- 'He was highly iiinus^d when lie heard the 'whole 'ftccutftit. He proposed that he and another volunteer, accompanied; by a couple of puliceiueh, should try. aud "solve the mystery, -lie enquired: when it usually seen. -He was told that nearly always On ilighis'61 eiitertaiiitneuts or 'of parties.. "The night's above all that we don't want, to spe it," exclaimed several vo ces. " Will anyone vulbnteer to accompany mot" asked the gentleman. No response. *• Well, i'll go alone," siiid Mr Decree. " No, no!" said several voices. j '"Mr Fraser, will you accompt*liyi iuoI" lie enquired of the Custom House officer. '" i dou't mind," reluctantly answered that individual. "Good," evclaitned Mr Diicree. "We'll go,and obtain the services of t he police at/ojicet Good-night, Jadles and gentlemen,- or. rather, I should say aii raioir. ;as I hope to see you all again in a couple of hours." \- Mr Decice and Mr Fraserthen left. They proceeded tt> the C. 1) Constable's and got his permission to take his two constables, one of wliem enjoyed the sobriquet ol .Sandy-: he was a .Scotchman ; and the other tliat of Tnu : he was an Iri-hiuan. The C. I). C. shrugged his shoulders, and said Hi..I In: tlio'ijit it was worse than a uild-gouM- chase. I hey were all armed, and quietly and slcalthily th'uv ascended the "Nut." When half way up, Tim, w ho w as a rather stout man, Wouldn't budge a step further. An' sure, I'm iiqt'^oing to brake niv neck lor nil your gho.sts. Faix, send nn: alter flesh and blobd, an' sure. Tim G'Reiley is the boy. And what is to become of my.Biddy and" the ninetej=p darliuts.at home, at all, at all, if 1 break my neck, or the ghost carries me off to the lower regions 1" " Hold your noise, you poltroon. Stay hero till we come back, and above ell things keep -quiet, you. cowardly lout," said Ml- Decree. '' 'Asy, yer honor. Don't call such' hard names. A bobby has nothing to do with ketching ghostsj at all, at all," answered Tim. Mr Decree did not reply to this, but he and liis companion so&u; reached the summit* but could neither ste nor hear anythihg. Mr Decreo theu went to the northern edge, and t'o his amazement saw a white figure with a light slowly moving about between the rocks at the loot of the " Nut." He hurried to his companions and told them. They made a YajJid descent, and induced Tim to accompany them. They very cautiously went round the feastern side of the burying-ground. They had to pick their wayj lor the uighl was learfiilly dark. Heavy drops of rain began to lull. The light still moved about, and you could veTy dnnly see a figure. The storm, which had been threatening, now broke, there was a Iriglitful crash of thunder tlnlt seemed to shake the " Nut,"and it vva'salmost uiiimJiatcly followed by a vivid flash ol lightning that wan blinding. Then not her deaU- ning clap, lollowed by not her vivid Hash. " By thy soul, this is aw ul!" said 'till. "lui-h I was at Inline with, Biddy. Catch me coning alter ;hosts aeiiin, at all, at all." " Hoot, maun, hauld ye.r noise," aid Jimiily. " Now let us, as quietly as'positlle, steal down ; you, Sandy, come with inc. and ftlr 'I'rasei ciiu take Tun. W e'll keep to the ea>t sie'e ol ilie light, and you to the west nl'it" lilts .irraugemeiit was carried out. When within atjuut filty yards of the light, there was another heavy thunder-clap, lollowed by a lurid flaie that lit up the whole scene. Mr Decreo ;iw every thing—took it in at a glance. Tiui screamed. There was a fearful report; followed by a most unearthly screarn ; the light and the 'iigure instantly disappeared. Then came a series of must tearful yells that made the blood curdle in the veins ( To be cuncludeil in our inixt.) 