PATERSON ANNUAL RACES. These races took place on the new course, which thanks to the energy of a few enterprising towns- men, has been partially cleared and prepared for sport of this character. Seeing what has been done by these gentlemen, in the face of many difficulties, no one will be disposed to withhold the praise justly due." We were aware that considerable activity had been exhibited in connection with the new course, bnt had no idea that so many improvements of a permanent character had been effected. When we add that much of what has been done was done by the combination of a few intelligent and earnest men, Who devoted the labour of their hands to the task, - our readers will comprehend the desire to make the course a credit to the town which must have actuated these zealous workers. By means of bee meetings-an excellent American term which is more expressive than any English word we have, for it implies eager gathering together for willing toil-the running ground has Deen completely cleared of stumps, and ploughed, harrowed, and rolled ; and by this time next year it will have a fine coating of turf -upon it. We merely mention as a fact, and of course we imply no disparagement to the Jockey Club, that at present the run- ning 'ground ia, as might be expected, heavy and boggy. The new surface turned up by the plough has not yet had time to consolidate, and the soil that was at all loose has become spongy under the action -of the rain of Sunday. All these objections to the course will however have disappeared in a few monthB, and there will be few courses equal to the Paterson for running upon when the grass has thoroughly over- grown it. The club has had a saddling yard and substantial grandstand erected, and a road has been cleared across the centre of the course. What remains to be done is principally the removal of the thick undergrowth of brush, which, though picturesque, prevents spectators from seeing much more than the finish in mile and- a half distances, . and the start and finish in mile races. The course is situated upon a fine undulating piece of ground, which does not offer any great pinches to the running horses, while at the same time it affords sufficient variety of surface to test their, powers fully. With the thickest of the timber cleared .off, and a nice green sward to replace the stubbly knots of grass at present luxuriating under the brush foliage, the race course at the Paterson promises to be a very pretty place. To do what requires to be done wants time and determination; the club have a lease of twenty-one years of the course, on favor- able terms, and so the one desideratum is not ab- sent ; as for the other, we may judge what they will do in the future by what they have done in the past. 'With regard to the meeting of yesterday and Kew Tear's Day, it will be conceived that it took place under some difficulties, and in the face of a few dis- couragements. Nevertheless, it was fairly successful. Speaking now of Thursday, we may say that about four hundred spectators gathered, including a large number of ladies on horseback. The sport was good, although there was undoubtedly too much time be- tween the different events. This could not be . avoided, owing to the programme being spread over two days, from considerations which appeared to the > club to justify that course. Two booths on the ground did a very fair business, but the assemblage was sin- gularly orderly and quiet, and not one circumstance occurred to mar the harmony of the meeting. The policemen on the ground were absolutely without a duty to perform, so entirely waB the need for their interference absent f be gentleman who performecW | the office of judge v^sMr. John Williams, oUUna^H Mr. James Ofdfîeld^as a most erie: äjf-as a mostenerggticaij iwiT ii i nr i«B» tual in the performance of/their various duties. The following is the running cm the | FIRST DAY; THUBJDA*, JANUARY 1. First Race.-The Maiden jPlate of 20 sova. with a sweep of 1 so v. each, [for all horses that never won an advertised arize at the time of en- trance ; distance, IJrtile; one event; toearry weight for age ; the second horse to receive the sweeps. > Mr. John Moon's gr.m. fair Ellen, 5 years, » st 4 lb«. .i..(D. Moora) j Haga Tinkler's br.m. Boletts], 4 years, 6 st, » Iba.. j Mr. Braggetf s br.m. Olive, 4 years, 8 st. 9 lh., did not appear, although entered, fwing to th* cause already stated, the start could not be seen from the stand. When the horses appeared from behind the brush opposite Stanhridge's, Fair Ellen was leading, and held ; Roletta close on her heels. After pas- sing the stand Fair Ellen improved her lead, and was evidently gaining at every stride. When .we could again see them Soletta's chance was clearly gone ; her jockey was whipping, but Fair Ellen won in a canter. Second Bace.-The Prince of Wales Stakes 6f 15 Sovs., with a sweep of 1 Sov. each; for all horses; to carry weight for aga; limita; one ' event ; the winner to be sold immediately after the race ; any surplus realised over £15 to go to the race fund. If entered to be sold for £12 to be allowed 7 lbs., if for £10 to be allowed 14 lbs., if for £8 allowed 21 lbs.; the second horse to receive the sweeps. Mr. S. Barnard's b.m. Boaabelle (£8), 4 yean, fat flb*. ......._...."...-.. (Henry Cook) 1 M'Fherson's ch.g. Sparrowhawk !f S), aged, 7st. loir». % Phillips' b m. Affectionate(£8). aged, 7rt. lOlba.."...".. S JarTialbr.h. Darkey (£1«), 9 years, Jet. elba., dirt. Dalkey was favorite, and after him came Sparrow- hawk. The start took place out of sight of the stand. When the field came into view, Rosabelle was leading, Affectionate and Sparrowhawk aide by: side, and Darkey lumbering in the distance. In this order they passed the etand, but by the time they got to the upper aide of the course, Sparrowhawk bad a good lead, and his success seemed likely« Roeabefie was running Second, and tile fond an» third. So they disappeared from sight, and in their, absence much mentar speculation was indulged in1 as to tbe result, although little coin was staked. Contrary to expectation, Rosabella had a strong lead on the re-appearance of the lot, and Sparrowhawk had fallen into second place, Affectionate bringing' up the rear. Sparrowhawk made an effort to recover lost ground, but it was no go, and Rosabella was landed a good winner, the rest in the order, named. Darkey fell, but be never bad the ghost of a chance. Mr. H. H. Brown offered the winner at' auction ; the owner bought her in at £9 6s, < . Third Race.-The Hack Stakes of 10 aovs-j wita a sweep of ten shillings each; for all bon*fide hack horses ; to be approved of by the stewards or whom they may appoint; to carry IO at. each; heats; one mile; the winner to be sold immediately after the race, any surplus oser £10 to go to the race fund; second horse to receive the sweeps- B .' Mr. A.M'Phereoc'sch.m.Palesüne,ared......(Tj. Moor«) 1 1 J. G. Smith's b.h. Hard Times, e«d...".....»...>..,. X * A. M'Fherson's Gang Forward mu drawn. Palestine won both heats with comparative ease. In the first Hard Times pushed her at the finish, but in the second he was pretty Well pumped out by that time. There being still time, a fourth race was started. Fourth Race.-The Hurry-Skurry of So, for all un- trained horses to be approved by the stewards ; mile heats ; to carry eight stone. Mr. Mayo's Danny.. 4 11 Blnlord'sBally -."."..-^.." 1 I lj Barnard's Jack of Clubs.". s S f , Phillips' Wbitefoot ........".."»m.,....J. S Stephens' Moss Boae. After three rattling beats, Danny Or " rat-tan " ti he was dubbed, won this race. The crowd then slowly dispersed. 