THE WOMAN AT THE WINDOW. A ROMANCE OF GOLD MINING. It is now many years ago since the incidents I am about to relate hap pened, so there will be an excuse for my now making them public. Some old diggers may remember the cir cumstances, but most of the actors have long since paid the debt of nature. The first scene of the story is a pros perous town on one of the New' South Wales new rushes, where a friend of mine, whom we may call Fred, had established a good store, and was doing a thriving trade. As a story would be no good without a woman in it, so there was one in this, and Fred was over- head and ears in love with her. Nor was he the only one: many would have given all they were worm for tbe hand of pretty Emmy, as she was called, and among the number was a digger who had done remark ably well. This latter was a well educated man, and would have been good looking bad it not been for the sinister look in bis eves. Strange tales were told of him, bat be seemed to care for none of them, and made friends with few In town. Fred was his particular chum, and those who knew the rivalry between them boded so good from this seeming friendship. All of a sadden this Tom, as he was usually known by, left for New Zea land, where a rush had just broken ont, and very few knew that the reason of his departure was because Miss Emma baa refused to marry him, and was going to take Fred instead. Fred soon after this was married, and a happier couple could not be fonnd than himself and his Kttie Emma. Soon, however, letters commenced to arrive from New Zealand to Fred, ^ tellinz him of the great finds being \- mode there, and strongly urging him to come over. He stood out against It for some time, but at last the gold fever sot the better of him and off he started. Before going he made over the house he lived in to bis wife, and left sufficient money with her to sus tain her till his retain. He soothed her with promises of letters by every post, ana at last tore himsell away. When be got to New Zealand every thing seemed to prosper with him: all his claims turned out well, and he was fast becoming a rich man. He wrote regularly to his wife, and re ceived, as he thought, her answera as regularly. No suspicion of wrong ever crossed his mind, for was not the storekeeper also postmaster, and was he not also his old friend from New South Wales? All things went well with him until at last he made up bis mind to return home, and told his iriend Tom of his intention. Next day on seeing him he had a letter put in his hand from a relative of his in the town where Emma lived, telling him that his wife had forgotten all about him and taken to herself another partner. The troth never once seemed to dawn upon him that these letters wefe forgeries, bat he fretted so over this terrible blow that he at last fell into a raging fever, and was for several months confined to his bed. On re covering strength he determined to retain and try and see his faithless wife, as he thought; and so leaving htm on his trip, we will turn and see how his wife was faring in the mean time. She, poor girl, had a harder burden to bear than her hnsband had, for she was not lnlled to false rest by any letters; every day saw that long ing, anxious face peering in through that post office window, and people got accustomed to hear the long deep sigh as the answer always remained the same, "No letters." The woman at the window became an institution in the town, and much sympathy waB expressed Tor her. At last the long looked-for letter; eagerly she broke it open; she read it calmly through, though the bright flush mantled to her cheeks more than once, and then with a low wail sank fainting on the ground. On her recovery sbe managed to walk home herself, and then I found oat what the letter was. It was of a similar character as the one forged to the husband) and the poor girl, not having had any letters since her hus band left, felt that it might be true. Her previously weak frame could not stand this last shock, and she was soon on a bed of sickness, from which few ever expected to see her rise again. It was piteous to bear her in ber rav ings calling on her lost Fred to return. "He will return; I know him well; he would not leave me here to die," was the burden of ber sighing, and when sbe commenced to recover from her illness but little remained ot the former pretty figure and bright face. Hers had been a deep, deep love, and the sudden upsetting of her hope and trust had been too rade for her, and she was now but a wreck of her former self. To every dark cloud there is a silver lining, and this case was not excep tional. When Emma was rapidly sinking to ber grave, and the doctors said her death was merely a matter of time, I met, as J was miking up to < see Emma, a tall gaunt figure. One more look and I was shaking Fred, or his ghost, by the hand. Of coarse, explanations on both sides soon fol lowed, and we saw how we had been duped by that incarnate fiend Tom. To say that Fred was in a rage does not do jastice to his feelings, but they soon vanished in his anxiety to see his matter for consideration, so I went on to the house and had a chat with the doctor and afterwards with Emma. The doctor advised that he should not come yet, as his patient was so weak; but when X found from Emma that she was longing to see her husband onoe more, I determined to chance it, and in a few minutes the tiro were ia one another's arms. Bat little remains now to tali. The two faithful hearts reunited onoe more are still alive and happy in their mutual lore and confi dence; whilst the author of all the sorrow and anguish found retributive i'ustice too strong for him, and died, onely and unattended, in an old hut on one of the worked out New Zealand fields.-Communicated to Armidak Chronicle. 