CONSTITUTIONAL HTHIC3. TO TUB KPtTOIl Of THK aoe. Sir,— Another Crit. rinD <li:ltvcr.incc (most fit and pertinent' name for the rrreof the faction) ; this time in Kngiisb, though not very refined. The name of Higinbotham seems to op irate upon tbom liko Uanquo's ghost upon the lic-«t lo whoiu it appeared— which host, were be over iu the flesh, most probably would have. Iiec-n a free- traderand constitutionalist . Slrano union ! In tlio old' country, which thoy atony rctc-r to for a precedent, "tho frec-liadersand cotton and shoddy people were always classed as radicals ami revo lutionists. Can these men nover forgot or forgive? " Klemental Tagc is ttmo lo the wrath, of- man." There has been no mistake about the leader of tho "bar having left his mark amongst t'fiem ; like Dido, 7/rri-rt later!- lelalia ariiodo. I.t would be curious to know what meaning ihey apply to the adjective " honest it is clear in its general Reuse such qualification is altogether repudiated by that pirty. Upon one thing tlnvpnay W oou- giatiilateil. Theyappcar to have gotbjn hold of two worthies, both of whom may lie consifisireil ri p-o- sentntive men in every sense. N<> domlit lhe> avb held to bo neither dangerous nor honest .and tbeiq- fore fit to do battle against the intull' -ctnal giant possessing 1besedntmgingattril>uteK,1- indcolfrom their deliverances they ore harmless enough. It would be extremely difficult to -.-.lass them nil politicians did tliev not. inform us that they .ire constitutionalists and free-traders. Tity tho two luminaries cannot bo returned. Tho dispute for precedence betweon tho nittnli « and per it mo! the faction ia amusing. Due is tempted involnu. tnrily to oxclaiiu, O par n«Mb: feat run. There is an analogy between tbo ai- istocra.tie suburb and old Koine that should bo flattering t-o tbom, e.g., their estimate of honesty. Tho stent and grand old satirist wrnto nearly two thousand years ago, l'rabttatt laudator et alriet, but a p'irt oulv of the similitude applies to Sliodopolis, ns thsy do not oven praiso tlie quality. This vuav doubtless be accounted for by t ho legal oleiuea.t of said suburb. An honest . lawyer of course is looked upon as ai li gcncrti, a kind of I usr.t natural, altogether misplaced amongst their onloe ; and thoidarigerous qualities displayed by our ",'aonest" represeiiln- tivo in liia conflicts with the bench, rc tho Privy Council appeals, are perhaps not very kindly ai>- precialed by tho quad constitutional caste of lawyers, more particularly' by one of tbe canicula connected with the bene h by pedigree. Sir, tbe nioro we see and hear of onr member, especially from bis opponents, thturiore ptoud wo aro of hint. .AMICUS YERUS VER1TATIS. Nortbcote, 7tli May. 