DECEMBER 25th. A portion of the religious community has for ages' agi-eed to regard the 25ti of this month as the day on which the Saviour wjis born. On what ground this has been accepted as the day can no one make good. In ancient times, it was held that Jesus was born in May. The Eastern church IiaItI f.wn ni f.livon /tArtfimiAa 4.1 begiuiniug, that he was born in January. The Egyptians, before the Council of Epliesus, changed it to the 25th of December. And the Western church accepted this day ; and so the notion has passed all over the Western world, and into these new parts, that the greatest event in the world's history, happened on the 25th of December. The Scriptures giyc no aid in our endeavours to fix the date ; but they seem from the various oircum stances noticed in the Gospel account to sjiy very plainly that the 25tli of December cannot be the time. We notice these facts, not for the pur pose of entering into the dispute, but for the plainer purpose of warning our read ers against supposing that there is any authority which will satisfy the Protestant mind for regjvrdiug the 25th of December with special reverence, as a holy day, as the very -day on which Jesus was born. The fact is noticeable that the Scriptures give no clue to the day of Christ's birth. In the same hidden darkness this is con cealed which covers tlie burying-place of Moses, and all the youthful life of Jesus, Wo do not say but that if we cei tainly knew the veiy day and place of Christ's birth, tlie day would be worthy of per petual remembi'iince, and the place would 1)0 worthy of pilgi-im visits ; but as these things are wholly unknown, the arbitrary fixing of them does nothing but exalt ecclesiastical authority, which is always dangerous, and tasters superstition, which very soon displaces the commandments of God with the commandments of men. The 25th December, therefore, has no sacredness beyond the 25tli of any other month. It may be convenient for those who think it necessary to commemorate the event of Christ's birth, to agree upon a certain day ; but tlie day itself acquires no inherent sacredness from this agree ment. If a man will resolve to contem- plate the birth 01 Christ on the 25th of April, and give himself on that day to special prayer and thanksgiving (all wliich might be very proper and iirofitable), that 25th of April would just be as holy and sacred, and have as much sanction of truth and religion as the 25th of December now. We insist ujion this, on the Protestant princiiile of allowing every man in these matters the most perfect liberty, and of prote.sting against the assumption that the 25 th of December lias any authority as a holy day. We do so because we notice in the conduct of a great many that Christmas and Easter and Good Friday arc far more esteemed, a.s sacred days which must not profaned than the holy weekly Sabbath itself. We see many who would not be absent from church on Christmas on any account, who yet think it no sin to be absent on twenty of the ordinary Sundays of the year. Same with Good Friday ; on that diiy by all means they must be in church, and yet on ordinary Sundays they are not ashamed to go a-fishing, or a-pleasuring otherwise, or attending to business. Our principle is this — Every man has a right to judge of the 25th of December as he will, and to keep it or not as he will, without sin. It is not binding. It has no authority. It has no Scripture on its side. " .Let not him therefore that keepeth it judge him that keepeth it not." " He that regardeth the day regardeth it to the Lord ; and he that doth not regard it to the Lord he doth not regard it." But yet both may give thanks, and they both may well do so, because "(iod so loved the world as to send his only begotten Son because " unto us a son has been born, and unto us a son has been given;" for the "little child" is the "Son of the Highest," 1 "the Lord our Righteousness," "come in the name of the Lord to save us." If we object to the arbitrary fixing of a day; as the birthday of Christ, and object to the quasi-sacredness of the day as a snare to the conscience, still more do we object to the name of " Christmas." Some have tried to make out the argument that the word means " Christ's appearing." But the Popery of the name is top obvious. .It is one of a series which con clusively proves that the Western church has "made all nations drunk with the wine of her fornicatioss." She has "High Mass." and " Low Mass," and " Masses of the Holy Ghost." She has " Oandle- inas," " Lammas," " Michaelmas," and "Christmas." They are all tarred with the one brush. They have; all the one umnt 01 cue oeasc. .lc is Lime wnen we have utterly discarded the " Mass " as a dangerous deceit and a horrid blasphemy, that wo discard the terms which it has in vented for the use of the church. Popery ought to be utterly abolishd — both root and branch. 