THE CONFESSIONS OF A NON- CRICKETER. BY " SCRIBLERUS.", It was an exceedingly jolly party. So jolly, in fact, that I — who on constitutional prinocples am given to the John B. Gough style of toast and water dissipation began to feel, some time before it became dusk, an intense longing for a cup of tea and a wet towel round my bead. To use Jack Ellis's rather profane observation, we had effec tually " put our souls in soak" to an un limited extent, and the bodies belonging thereto came out considerably damaged in the process. The occasion was the departure of a mutual friend by the outgoing steamer to exercise his talents as became a man just called to the Sydney bar. Time, Wednes day afternoon, 31st December, 1873 : place, the rooms of Mr. John Ellis (legal neophyte aforesaid), Collins-street. Present— a col lection of choice spirits ; and myself, by no means of the choice spirit fraternity ; but on the present occasion induced by the ties of friendship, and the frequent and gradu ally incoherent proposals of Jack's health, to take a great deal more brandy than was at all suited to my nervous temperament. I was just thinking of rushing from the room at all hazards, finding the company beginning to grow hazy and multiplied to my vision, when Jack's servant entered with a note which had been sent from my lodg ings, marked "immediate." It was from the manager of the Melbourne Herald, and ran as follows : — "Dear Sir,— Be kind enough to meet me at the Spencer Street station to-night be fore seven. I have called at your lodgings several times to-day, but you were not in. I have a remunerative engagement for you if you choose to accept it." At first I thought the thing a hoax ; but Jack (who has dabbled in journalism) de clared that he knew the writing, and that the letter was a genuine one. My impicunious state was well known to all present ; they gave three cheers for my luck ; and without time for soda water or thought, I was bustled into a cab, and deposited at the Spencer street terminus a few seconds before seven o'clock. I was immediately accostod by a gentleman with " Mr. Scriblerus, I think I assented, and he continued : " I want you to go to Ballarat by to- night's train. You will find your instructions enclosed in this envelope ; and here" — displaying a cheque for a very desirable amount — " is a sum to cover your expenses. I am sorry we have no time to talk over the matter ; but I have been unable to find you all day, and the train is on the point of starting. We want you to follow them round, and to send us full telegraghic reports from each place — but you will find all you have to do specified in that note " With these laconic remarks, he thrust the cheque and a railway pass into my hands, and hurried me into a first-class carriage. The whole thing passed so rapidly that my senses — confused by the remarkably rapid rounds of Hennessy from Jack's cheffonier, absolutely reeled. However, I managed to stammer out, " I fear there is some mistake !" "Eh ? — what — I hope not !" said my new friend, producing a telegram, and looking it. "Your name is Scriblerus ?' Just so; and I think you know Mr. Spotit, the jour- nalist? Exactly — then this telegram from him, I presume, refers to you ? ' Dear Sir, you want a first class man to go to Ballarat. Try my friend ' Scriblerus,' whose address I enclose. He is admitted to be the best judge of a bat in Australia !' I suppose your friend is right — you are a good judge ?" t acknowledged I was. How could I deny it ! In the beautiful researches of Aus tralian science, I had produced reports which made Professor M'Coy tear his amaran thine Iocks in envy. The whole race of Cheiropetha, from the giant Carpentarian Bat of our tropics, down to the modest Phalanger of the Keilor Plains, I had them all at my tongue's end . Nor was I behind in entomo logy — witness my world-known articles on the cimex vulgaris (which, under a less palatable English name of three letters, is the horror of cleanly housewives). Further colloquy, however, was out short by the starting of the train, just as my new acquaintance shook bands, and cried out, " Don't forget to send the telegrams smartly." The door opened, an individual was thrust in, and the train moved out of the station. Judging from his garb, I thought the new comer was a clergyman. He turned out a Fate — a male Medusa — a — but I anti cipate. I was about to tear open the letter of instructions, and satisfy myself as to the nature of tho fool'sa errand on which I was sent, when my fellow-passenger (who had been reading my pass as it lay open on a vacant seat) said "Your journal is always remarkable for intelligence and enterprise, sir. I presume you are bound for the scene of the forthcoming great contest ?" "May the dev — . That is to say, I hardly know yet," I replied, thinking a prize fight might be coming off, yet hardly knowing how to connect such a clerical personage with an affair of fisticuffs. "Ah! I see. Yen think Ballarat inferior to England, but are too polite to say so. Well, of course we can't expect to compete with the old country yet, but we have one or two very pretty bats on Ballarat." "I don't know of any," I replied, warm ing as my favorite subject was introduced. "All I know of is the ugly Lemuris niger." "Never heard of him," he rejoined. "Perhaps by niger you mean Mullagh, but he's not in the team. What is your opinion ot the two Graces ? " "To tell you the truth," I said, imagining he was trotting out his classics, " I prefer seeing the three together. But still, with only two, we have Faith and Hope." " Not bad," he muttered. " However, I see you are too prudent to act like most of you press gentlemen do, in giving tips at random," and drawing out the evening paper, he began to study it attentively. I took the opportunity of opening my "letter of instructions," and read as follows — "Send a full telegram of the cricket match every half-hour. Also your own opinions on the play, especially criticising the English Bats. Spare no expense. You will find a man in the Press Box who will assist you " " You don't Iook well," said the clerical party, producing a flask of cognac. " Take a sip of this — perhaps railway travelling dis agrees with you." " One moment." I exclaimed, seizing the flask wildly. " Is there a cricket match at Ballarat ?" " Of course there is," rejoined the old gentleman, looking at me much as a nervous female would regard an able-bodied lunatic shut up in the same carriage with her. "The All England Eleven against the Ballarat Twenty two. You haven't heard that the match is postponed. I hope ?" " Be kind enough to read this letter, refer to this pass, and then tell me what conclusion you draw," I imperturbably con- tinued. The old fellow put on his spectacles, perused the documents, and said, " Of course, as I supposed. You need not have ohosen this eccentric mode of introduction, my dear sir. I long since guessed that you were a special reporter going up to do the match. My card." I took it, and read " Rev. Jeremiah Pitchitin." " And by the sainted bones of Cuvier, Buffon, and all the other naturalists, I will do the match." I soliloquised, sinking back, and half emptying the flask in my excitement. " Allah il Allah ! Kismet ! What is to be will be. It is my fate !" Of course I grasped the truth in its hideous nakedness at once. That practical joking scoundrel Spotit had sent the telegram by way of causing what he would call a "rlch scene at cross purposes" between the manager of the Evening Herald and myself. The Fates and Jack Ellis's brandy bad prevented any explanation, and here was I, accredited with a mission of which I knew rather less than Martin Luther did of Protoplasm. To one determination I at once came, to spend the oheque. It is to that resolve the public owe these lines. Perhaps they will conjecture that the "man in the Press box" who was to assist me did all tho work, and that in pen ning this humiliating confession l am "cut- ting out" that cheque so rashly confided to the "eminent judge of bats." Mile after mile of the hideous landsoape flitted past the carriage windows, and the evening shadows wont trooping through the avenues of eucalypti like tho ghosts of cricketers making their last run. Ha ! ha ! I can talk cricket now ! I have studied in the school of adversity. At Geelong my fellow passenger replenished his case-bottle, and went in for talking. "Perhaps jou are not aware, my dear sir, that cricket is a very ancient game ; that, in fact, we have scriptural authority for it?' His brandy was good, if his conversation was unpalatable. I drank, and remarked, " Indeed." "Yes," he replied, "you may remember tho passage where ' Rhoda stood at the wicket. ' " He then continued an unlntelligible jargon about " long off," " point," "slip" and other cabalistic terms, while I listened, in moody silence. At length my plan was matured. I finished his brandy, and seized his hand, as the train stopped at Ballarat East, for the amusement of the ticket- takers. "My dear sir," I said, '.'you will be at the match to-morrow. Will you do me an especial favor ? My mission is to describe a cricket match in all its grand simplicity, to introduce the scientific terms in their proper places, and to produce a report such as never has been seen on this side of the Equator. Will you sit beside me, and read it when written ? If you exist afterwards, I shall feel that I have not labored altogether in vain." With tears in his eyes, he swore — that is, in My Uncle Toby's style— that he would. We went to supper, and four of Australia's stalwart sons afterwards escorted me in their arms to the pillow of innocence. Shall I ever forgot that New Year's Day ? Pent up in a stifling box, with an oval green sward making dazzling rhomboids and dode- decadrons glitter through my spectacles, I saw twenty-two individuals, sainted with cheers from the assembled thousands, issue from the grand stand and take up eccentric positions on the grass, as though they were about to indulge in the occult mysteries of leapfrog. Presently louder shouts rent the welkin — whatever that may be — and a white Patagonian. with a black beard, came out with a Fiji club in his hand and an india- rubber lifeboat round each of his legs He was joined by a little fellow similarly attired, and the two commenced their antics By dint of listening to the comments of those around me, and jotting them down impartially, I managed to get what I consi dered a fair report of these Eleueinisn mys teries. It is true the observationists around me seemed to be of rather contradictory opinions ; but I have always understood that the duty of a faithful reporter is strictly to give what is said. When the bell rang for lunch, I handed my report to my friend the clergyman. He read it, turned deadly pale, mattered something about spasms, and rushed from tho box, I subsequently saw him at lunch, on the verge of intoxicaton, and he informed me, with a fishy scowl, that it was all through me. I gave the copy to " the man in the box," and he recommended me to go to lunch, and then to go home, I did both, but whether I am an ill-used indi vidual or not, let my report witness for me, Not one word of it is my own, and yet I get no credit for smart reporting : — "Punctually at eleven, according to ad vertisement, the field was taken at twelve o'clock by the Ballarat team. Mr W. G. Grace, the lion-hitter, who is the finest cricketer in the world, and whose batting and bowling has been frightfully overrated, took the wickets, with Jupp. who is a splendid bat, not fit to play for straws, and who, in the field, can cover more ground than any known man, and could not beat a snail in a ten mile heat. Grace took a few overs from Allan, who is the most renowned bowler of all time, and shuts up directly he is hit, and he and Jupp sent Allan and Cosstick all over the field without giving the slightest chance, Sam bowling like a true cricketer, in a manner shewing he is quite played out, the batting being of such a loose description that if the Ballarat men had been possessed of the skill of schoolboys they would have caught out both batsmen before the tenth over. Jupp was most mag- nificently caught by the wioket- keeper, Dan Sweeney, by a bare-faced fluke, and his place was filled by Greenwood, who batted with a skill, patient determination, hesitation, and cowardice rarely seen on this side of the line. Grace made a splendid hit for 5 into the fishpond, the finny inhabitants thereof at once rising, and singing in chorus :— "When balls of tho cricket uprise, From bat of great W G, We fishes, beginning to sweat, Cry, " Hang it ! how hot it will be !" This hit of Grace's fully shows that great artist's magnificent form, and if it is the best he can do, is not up to much, Grace ran up 62 in wonderful style, showing his tremendous powers of hitting, beautiful de- fence, and keen judgment of a ball, and made his score in each a hazardous manner that he may be truly said to have had nine lives. The Ballarat men fielded beautifully, and the agility with which they get out of the way of the ball was something surprising. The immense crowd assembled loudly cheered the Englishmen's irreproachable display of cricket, and it was on all hands admitted that the team was far inferior to previous English elevens. An adjournment was then made for lunch, when the following toasts were proposed : — " Our special's memory seems here to have gone, and so has our special. He has cut out his cheque, and is not likely to get another from us as a "special wirist," When last heard of he was studying entomology on the site of Batman's Hill, in company with a suspicious-Iooking blaoking bottle of spiritual atmosphere. — Ed 