, SYDNEY. ? . (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ? 20th February, 1874. There are some signs o£jp: o jress in Parlia mentary work. The sol> Committee of the Upper House met on Wednesday to con-, sidcr their complete draft report 011 the Legis lative Council-Bill)' which may* therefore soon bo expected to come under discussion in tho two Houses. Tho Legislative Assembly lias this week completed its last amendments, in the Mining Bill, the third reading pf which s' aids an order of the day for Wednesday next. The' Assembly entered yesterday on the wqrlc of passing the Estimates for 1874. ( Next week tho two Government days will probably be devoted to the Estimates, and on tho 4th; March tho Electoral Act 'Amendment Bill is to be considered in committee. It be gins to look ns if the session might bo brought to a closo before- the 1st of April, As thoy met on the 9th September lion-, members will bo exposed to the compliments of All Fool's Day if they allow' themselves to be found' sitting on that day, as if six months out qf tiie twelve were hot sufficient ' for the work of law hiaking. Yesterday tlio first step was taken for the introduction of a measure- on a subject of ' great practical '.consequence to the people of tho interior: In committee' of tho wholo ' IIouso it was resolved, on tho motion of Mr. | Farnell, that it is expcdicnc to in troduce a ?bill to provide- fp}- the censeryatiqn of water by artificial means. The bill is not yet be fore the House, but the Minister for Lands gavc a particular account of its' provisions. Ho claims for it the merit of originality, and of having been prepared with much labour. It is to provide for. the creation of 'water ? trusts,' that is, associations of persons oc cupying. frontages 011 the same , rivers or.' crooks for tho storage of water by dama and* reservoir. Tho Government, in consideration- . of the increased value which such works \ril( — ? ' ? r; ? ? ? give to tho public'land, is to contribute onc ' third of the expense. Tho bill is to regulate ? the terms -on which persons in the neighbour hood of such reservoirs may epjoy tho uso of . them, making due payment to those who have constructed them. There is a provision that tho Minister of Lands may, whenever the population gathered in tho neighbourhood of a reservoir render it necessary. or desirable, declare the reservoir to be pnblic property rendering, of course, fair compensation to ' those who liave made it. The preliminary motion was hastened, at the request of Mr. ? Phelps, in order that those who are most in . teressted in tho question may, as soon as pos sible, have the draft bill circulated among them. In a few days Mr. Farnell will probably bring up the bill and have it read a ' first time and printed, so that squatters and others in the interior may have an oppor ?. tunity of seeing it and expressing their opin ions. : : The end of tho ' Rossi case' was quite of a piece with the whole course of it. The court appointed by the Governor reported that it was not expedient for Captain Rossi 'to be any longer in command of the Goul burn Volunteer Corps ; but in so doing tlioy spoke very .gently of his defects, most kindly of his merits, concluding with the expression that he had discharged his duty ' not wisely, ?; .but too well/' These kind words, however, served only to humble the poor captain all the. more; For ho took encouragement from . . them, not without excuse, to conclude that ho was not all to blame ; and when his Ex ? -cellency the Governor sent liim— through ?'the Commandant, Colonel Richardson — a polite intimation that he would consult the good of .the force and his own credit by a voluntary retirement, he refused to do so, and sent his Excellency a long letter in justi . fieation of that refusal. The Governor thereupon sent his order, as commanderin ehief, that Captain Rossi's services bo at once dispensed with, and added the severe ' but merited remark that Captain Rossi's own letter supplied additional proof of the pro priety of dismissing him. Punch has given ' in yesterday's cartoon the parting scene, ' kicked out.' I was wrong, however, in assuming that 'the end' of the Rossi case has come. There remains amongst the orders of the day in the Legislative Assembly, ' the further consideration, in committee of the whole, of his Excellency's message, No. 17,' and before that committee there is the pro posed address of 'thanks' to the Governor for the gracious message which several mem ' bers called a ' slap in the face.' The Pre mier, who, in an unfortunate dilemma pro posed that address, would therefore be glad to have the order of the day fall unpcrceived ' into oblivion. ' Snch a quiet dismissal the Opposition will.not give it. And yesterday, ?when Mr. Parkes moved the postponement of of four or five orders of the day, this among the rest, the leader of the Opposition sarcas tically protested against the insult offered to , ; the Governor by thus postponing a vote of ,, thanks. Of course, the address is now out of date. But a motion to discharge the order of the day would seem like a repudia . tion of the claim made for . Sir Hercules Robinson on the gratitude of the House for his ' message, No. 17.' So the ghost of the ' address' is likely to trouble the House luy a weekly re-appearance for some time to ? come. Perhaps the most important question for Sydney at the present moment is the issue , of. the strike in the iron trades. No work has been done .by the great bulk of the work men during the present year, More than seven weeks' inaction is a heavy detraction from the prosperity of the city. It is manifest that Sydney cannot meet the demands of the . shipping and other enterprise while the very Important business of the iron trades is para lysed. Mr. Mort, one of the principal em ployers .in this trade, in a letter to the Herald, thus pathetically states the case : — ' And now as to the real question at issue — which, so far as the colony is concerned (and it is from this point of view that- 1 would re gard this momentous matter) is one which, to my mind, affccts. the well-being of all who liave made this land their home, as well as the interests of those who may come after them— and. it is this, namely, the engineering shops of Sydney, the result of an expenditure which can only be estimated by hundreds of thousands of pounds, and from which a wage has been issuing of some three thousand pounds a week,— Are these shops, the pride and boast as tliey may fairly claim to be of the southern hemisphere, with the great hopes with which our coal and iron endow them— are they, after all the skill and enter prise which has been bestowed upon them to be left to fall into disuse, and to crumble into ruin and decay, thus wrecking tho glorious promise which they hold out of this colony becoming in the 'future the great work shop of the southern seas?' The ; ji-opeal tells both ways. If the men y.-;-ll not consent to work 8-i hours with one break for dinner, will not the employers give them twenty minutes for lunch? Between them a great sacrifice has been made, and ' every day's continuance of the strike is a / dead loss to all concerned. Andrew Hume arrived in Sydney from . Brisbane' on 'Wednesday night. To-day or _ to-morrow at furthest he will probably take tlio sealed leather bag to the Colonial Secre tary, and the world will know whether 'Leichardt's journal is recovered or not. The general election is over, and the Op ? v ' position havo a majority of 54. ' Conserva tive reaction' is the alleged cause of this '? .overwhelming defeat of Gladstone. It will, ? I fear, be long before England has a premier equal to him in ability, patriotism, and phil anthropy. Home Rule for Ireland, repre \- sented-'. by 44 members is now face to face with Toryism. The nation wants a man who ? knows how to ' keep moving.'' 