NOTES OF THE CHURCH. Unity, Sanctity and Catholicity. By tlui Rev. J. MarLineau. (Qontinueilfromour lud.) 2\. No one can desire to deny the claim of sanctity for the Catholic Church, if he have studied its influence through dtU'k and troubled ages, and on a long train of devout and devoted mmds. That Church has proved its capacity to defy every injustice except its own, to pity every suffering needless to itself, to banish every darkness deeper than the cloister shade. It has. worked out an ideal character — and approached it in many high examples — truly original as compared with the standard of Pagan times, and marked, without sacrifice of force, by a depth and sweetness and patience of self- surrender never known before. But these are Catholic phenomena only because they are Clu'istiau. Thej' have re-appeared in .all the great sections of divided Cliristendoiu : tlioy are a growth from the new piety and tender humanity which have been the response of the heart, wherever the eye of Christ has fixed its look. Who dares to claim these as marking an ecclesiastical monopoly of supernatural grace? To make good his case, he must prove that they specially perv.adc the whole organism, and present the proportions of the holy and the un holy far otherwise than we find them in the world without. This surely is the least that can be looked far in that " mystical body " which is "permanently united yith the Holy Ghost, the 8ancti(icr." Yet who can say th.at the Church has less to deplore within her pale that is offensive to her. saints than in society around ? License has seldom been carried farther than by some of the "holy fathers " on the throne of Peter. If by sunclUy be meant some occult quality which magicidly appeals to the favor of God, it is of no avail in evidence, being itself out of sight. A "note " that is in visible is a contradiction and a nonentity. If the word denote self-dedication to a perfect Moral Will, this interior state of mind will manifest itself in an habitual elevation of aim, purity of life, disinterestedness of work, quick ness of compassion, and balanced loyalty to truth aud love, legible to eiiei-y eye familiar with the language of character. When I pass through Church history in search of these, I doubtless find them, but in such sparse and pjirtial gleams from a wilderness of passion and wrong, that secular history itself, though less inspiring in its supreme heights, is less dreary on its ordinary levels, and less dreadful in its darker depths. There has been no exemption within the sacred precincts from the vices and crimes which deform all human society. For ages. Pagan and Christian, it seemad the fate of Rome to be the tragic theatre of the world ; but the darkest sins of the declining empire are paralleled by the revolting crimes of an ascendant Papacy. Through the Holy Father, Rodrigo Borgia, and his sou Cwsar, the cardinal, were fortunate enough to have no Tacitus to tell their story, the disgust and horror of man kind have done the work of history, and saved from oblivion a picture of fiagitionsness, treachery, rapine and murder, unsurpassed in the records of guilt. A Pope who gained the apostolic succession by bribery, aud who quitted it by the poison- cup which he had mingled for another ; who dissolved his daughter's marriage that he might marry her to a prince ; who made his son a c<ardiual in boy hood, and, to do so, fathered him on the hus band he had wronged ; who allied tha son with the Orsini faction, and, when tlie end was gained, screened him in the betrayal and murder of its chief ; who, while preaching a crusade against Bajazet the Turk, bargained with him to murder his rival brother Djem, then prisoner at Rome, and won the poisoner's price, — is certainly a singular abode of the Holy Ghost, likely to radiate something other than the beauty of " sanctity " upon an obedient world. The orgies of the palace, the assassinations in the street, the swarm of flourishing informers, the sale of justice, of divorce, of spiritual offices and honors, turned the holy seats . into an asylum of concupiscence and passion, and startled men into the belief that Antichrist was come. " Roma, gentium refugium, et arx populorum omnibus saiculis, nobilis jam carni- iicina erat." "In urbe gladiatorum nunquam licentia major, nunquam popnlo Romano libertas minor. " Can we say that this corruption was new and rare, — a transient stain on the white robe of a saintly church ? Alas ! the long- established "nepotism" of the popes; the legislation of the councils of the previous centuries in restraint of a dissolute priesthood ; the denunciations of Wycliffe ; the confessions of iEneas Sylviiis, himself a vicar of Christ, who openly treats the most ordinary rules of chastity as counsels of perfection, meant only for excep tional men ; the poiiular satires of a dawning literature, — all bear terrible witness to a pro tracted and deep-seated moral putrefaction. .Can wc say that it was local, <a lingering eur.se on the ancient capital of Paganism, still doomed to be the colliivien ifeiUiam '' More than a century before, the experiment of removal had been enforced by political conflict ; .and of the new court at Avignon we have, in Petrarch's Letters, the report of an eye- witness, who calls it the third Babylon, the shameless abode of cruelty, avarice, and lust, where lionour, innocence, are of no avail .against gold ; and heaven and Christ themselves are imt up to sale. Is a distinction drawn between the private character and official functions of the successors of Peter? "Sanctity " is an attribute which admits of no sush distinction : it belongs to the indivisible" will or personality ; it is a tincture of reverence in the conscience, of sweetness in the affections, of quietude in the sacrifice of self ; and to say that a man who is licentious in conduct, and iierfidious in human engagements, can be holy in all public relations, is an insult to the primary apprehensions of right. Besides, draw the line where you will, it will not serve you here. If, as there is reason to believe, John XXIII. poisoned his predecessor, Alexander V., to secure his apostolic chair ; and, as is well known, Paul II. and Alexander AI., granted dispensations for robbery and fraud, on payment of money to a crusade ; and Clement V. gave to King John of France and his queen absolution, through their confessor, for the breach of any oaths and engagements, past and future, which it might not be convenient to them to keep ; and Innocent III. declared worthy of death all who had a scruple against taking an oath ; and Boniface IX., as though he represented Simon Magus, instead of Peter, established the sale of benelices into an organised rapacity, and took money from all c.andidates .alike, the rejected as well as the admitted, — are these violations of the most sacred- human obligations, committed on the steps, or from the very seat, of the Papal throne, private or public ? Do they still leave the epithet " holj' " applicable, without pro- f.anation, to their perpetrators ? If not, and if, for several centuries, examples like these in fected the Church through Western Christen dom with revolting moral disease, how can any instructed liian prefer, without a blush, the claim of " sanctity " for an institution marked by such experience ? If we were asked to try the c.ase, not at the head quarters of the system, but by reference to the moral ideal, which, in her most character istic and liighest examples, the Church has offered to mankind, wc can .admit the claim only under Aveighty reservations. The Cathho- lic trjiining lias certainly fixed in the mind of Europe a conception of perfect char.actor in many i-esjiects pm-er, larger, deepei-, than was present to the ancient world ; has elevated duty .and affection bj' making them part of the confidences betAveen the soul and God ; and, for h.ardihood of resolve against the ills of life, has substituted a pationec, symjiathy, and trust, iiiAvardly quieter, but infinitely stronger. But then, all ecclesiastical honour for this type of ch.aractcr is contingent on its co-existence Avith oi'thodox belief, in the su.spccted absence of Avhich the attitude is reversed .at once, and the half-canonized disciple becomes the excom municated. The Church has made many saints, but has also murdered not a few. Do you say that she is sacred for making so pure an ideal, and deny that she is profane for marring it? In his eighteen ye.ars of office, Cardinal Thomas dc Torquemada had burned alive, it is com puted, eighty-eight hundred victims, and punished ninety thousand in various AV.ays, not for offences ag.ainst the moral laAV, or crimes ag.ainst society, but for thoughts of their OAvn about religion, AA'hich only God, and not the Pope, had alloAved ; or for being .Tews that Avould not be apostates ; or for refusing on the rack to confess Avhat they had never done. When this man c.arried in Sjifiin his terrible re solve to clear the land of infidels, and procured .a royal edict requiring the Avhole Jeivish popula tion (not less than three hundred thousand) to vacate the country Avithin four months, leaving all their gold and silver behind, Isaak Abarbiinel, gaining .audience of Ferdinand and Isabella, pleaded for his people Avith expostula tion so pathetic, and offers so profuse, that the royal Avill, softened by compassion and cupidity, Avas on the point of giving Avay ; hut, Avith his usual instinct for critical moments, the great inquisitor .appeared, and Avith lifted crucifix ex claimed, "Judas of old, for thirty pieces of silver, betrayed his Lord ; and now, again, your majesties are ready to sell him for thirty thousand pieces of gold. Here He is ! take Him and sell Him quiekly !" That voice, touching the springs of a true shame, brought the false fanaticism back. The bribe was fiung aAvay, and with it the relenting pity too ; and, ere summer Avas over, Spain had lost the best element of her. population,! and added new traditions of heroism and hatred to the life of a people whose history is little else than a memory of exiles. In estimating the ecclesias tical ctliics, are Ave to give credit for the saints Avithout deducting for the inquisitors? Shall Ave celebrate the graces of humility, tenderness, and self-devotion in the one, and not recoil from the pride, the injustice, the inhumanity, of the other ? It is vain to teU me how conscientious these persecutors Avere. There lies the very charg I make .against the Church, — that it has put into the eonscience what has no business to be there ; has tre.ated error of thought as if it Avere unfaithfulness of Avill ; and misguided the .affections of men by rendering it possible for them to hate Avhat is most lovable, and honour, if hot love, Avhat is most hateful. The Avhole conception of an " orthodoxy " indispens able to the security of men's divine relations — a conception Avhich has had a regulative iufiuence through all ecclesiastical history — is an ethical monstrosity, in the presence of Avhich no philosophy of duty is possible, and every moral ide.al must be dAv.arfed or deformed. Under its oppressive tyranny, the intellectual virtues; Avhich have their exercise in the effort to see and say things as they are, — candour, sincerity, oppenness to light,— have Avithered away ; and in their place has been formed that peculiar temper — dogmatic in assertion, unjust in critic ism, evasiAre in reply — which has always clung to the clerical order, and left the simple love 'of truth as the adornment, almost exclusively, of lay life. Nay, this desolating notion has poisoned the social affections of men with rankling suspicions, and spread through their communities a system of espionage. Even in ages when heresy Avas visited Avith torture .and death, the edicts of councils and Popes have invited children to detect and report "the SAVcrving faith of their p.arerits, sisters to lay traps for brothers, and friend to betr.ay friend. The " robe of righteousness " frills of itself from the form, hoAvever stately, of a PoAver which can thus consecrate tlie most odious crimes as favourite varieties of goodness. (Tohecontbmedt) The Revenue .vhom Beek.— Mr. Bass, the great brewer, made a remarkable statement the other night in the House of Comnions, to the eifeet that he pays to the Chancellor of the Exchequer £650 every day, amounting to £272,750 per annum. This is an astounding declanation. If one man iiays ye.arly to the Inland Revenue Department more than a quarter of a million sterling, it is easy to under stand how the vast- total of excise duty may be reached. Mr. Bass pays about one-eightieth of the Avhole excise duties of the United King dom. Since the duty alone on Bass's ale is so portentious, what must be the consumption and the profits ? Haus and Rac.s. — The Teiitcr/ield Star (Popish Australian paper) calls the Protestant SlaniUird (Sydney) "an ungodly «<//." But this is nothing compared with what our own Ritualistic papers can do in the same line. By the Church Times, the Roch and the Record are spoken of as "those old Protestant Rock, . . . _ 