CONVERSATION WITH GHOST. One nigbt (Lady Beresford, wife of Sir Tristram is (he speaker) when Sir Tristram and I were in bed, I awoke suddenly from a sound sleep, and found to my horror Lord Tyrone sitting by my bedside. I screamed out, "For heaven's sake. Lord Tyrone, what brings you here at this time of night?" "Have you then forgotten your pro mise?" he said in a manner of awful solemnity. "Did we not mutually engage to appear to each other after death? I have just quitted the world and am now permitted to appear to you for the purpose or assuring you of the truth of revealed religion, and that it is the only one by which we can be saved. I am further suffered to inform you that you will in doe time give birth to a son, that you will become a widow and marry again, and that you will die on your forty-seventh birthday." "Good heavens," cried I, "cannot I prevent this?" "Yes," he replied, "you are a free agent, and can prevent it by abstaining Irom a second mar riage. Hitherto yon have had no trials. More I am not permitted to tell you, but if, after this warning, you persist in your own infidelity, as regards religion, your lot in another world will bo most miserable." "May I not ask," said I, "if you are happy?" "Had I been otherwise," said he, "I should not have been allowed to appear to you." "I may then inlcr t hat you are happy?" llesiniled. "JJuthow," said I, "when the morning comes, shall I knoiv that your appearance before mc has been real, and not the more phanton ol a dream?" "Will not the | news of my death convince you?" "No," I replied; "I might liarr had | such a dream, and that dream might accidentally become true. I wish for stronger proof of its reality." "You ! shall have such," ho said, then, waving his hand, the crimson velvet bed curtains were instantly drawn through a large iron hoop, by which the tester of the bed wan suspended, "In that you cannot be mistaken: no moral arm | could have performed this." "True," | I replied, "but asleep we sometimes possess much greater strength titan awake. Although I could not have done this when awake, 1 might have done it in niy sleep, and I shall have doubt." lie then proceeded to write his name in my pocket book, which was lying on my table, remarking, "you know tny handwriting." "Nevertheless," 1 said "though I could not imitate your writing when awake I might do so in my sleep." "You are hard of belief, I must not touch you; it would injure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodies to touch mortal flesh," "I do not regard a small blemish," said I. "You are a courageous woman," said he. "Then hold out your hand." He touched my wrist. His hand was cold as ice! In an instant every sinew and nerve shrunk, leaving an indeli ble mark as if a pair of red-hot pincers had gripped me. "Now," said he, "let no mortal eyes behold that ivrist; to see it would be sacrilege." lie rose from his seat, walked a few steps from the bed, and laid his hand on a bureau which alwavs stood in the room. "In the morning," he added, "when you behold this, you will find another proof that what you have seen and heard this night is not an idle dream, or the mere fancy of your brain." lie stopped I turned to look at him again-he was gone. During the time I had con versed with him, my thoughts were perfectly calm and collected, but the moment he departed, I felt chilled with terror, a cold perspiration came over me, and I endeavored in vain to awake Sir Tristram, in order to tell what oc curred. In this stato of terror and agitation I lay for some time, until a flood of tears came to my relief, when I dropped asleep. In the morning, wben I awoke, I found that Sir Tris tram had got up without noticing any thing had happened during the night. On rising, I found my pocket-book lying in the usual place, with some pencil marks inside, which I knew at once to be in the hand-writing of Lord Tyrone. I took a piece of black ribbon and bound it tightly round my wrist, which presented the appearance of having been scarred and burnt during the night; and then, turning to the bureau, 1 observed the impression of a man's hand deeply burnt into the lid.-Apparations, by the Rev. Bouchier Wray Savile. 