»- TEE DREAM WOMAN. . A MYSTERY IN FOUR NARRATIVES. Bv Wilkie Collins. THE THIRD NARRATIVE. THE STORY CONTINUED BY PERCY FAIRBANK. Chapter XVI, The one thing which principally struck mo when I joined the guests at the Silver Wedding is also the one thing which it is necessary to mention here. On this joyful occasion a 'noticeable lady present was out of spirits. That lady was no other than the heroine of the festival, the mistress of the bouse. In the course of the evening I spoke to Mr. Beldheiuier's eldest son on the subject of his mother. Ab an old friend of tho family. I had a claim on his confidence which tho young man willingly recognised. " We have had a very disagreeable matter to deal with," ho said ; and my mother has not recovered the painful impression loft on her mind. Many years since, when my sisters were children, we hnd an English go verness in tho house. She left us, as wo then understood, to be married. Wo heard no . more of her until a week or ten days since, when my mother received a letter, in which our ex-governess described herself as being in a condition of groat poverty and distress. After much hesitation she hnd ventured, at the suggestion Of a lady who had been kind to ber, to write to her former employers, and to appeal to their remembrance of old times. You know my mother : she is not only the most kindhenrted but the most innocent of women — it is impossible to persuade her of the: wickedness that there is in the world. She replied by return of post, inviting tho governess to como hero and see her, and en closing "the money for her travelling ex penses, 'When my father came home, and heard what had been done, ho wrote at j once to his agent in London to make inquiries — enclosing the address on the governess's letter. Before he could receive the agent's reply the governess ar rived. She produced the worst possible im pression on his mind. The agent's letter, reaching us a few days later, confirmed his suspicions. Since we had lost sight of her the woman had led a most disreputable life. My father spoke> to lier privately ; he offered, on condition of her leaving the house, a sum of money to take her back bo England. If she refused the alternative would be an appeal to the authorities and a public scandal. She accepted tho money, and : left the house. On her way back to England she appears to have stopped at Metz, You will understand wbat sort of woman she is when I tell you that she was seen. the other day in a tavern with your handsome groom, Joseph Rigobert." While my informant was relating these circumstances my memory was at work. I recalled what Francis Raven had vaguely told us of his wife's experience in former days, as governess in a Gorman family. A suspicion of the truth suddenly flashed across my mind. " 'What was the woman's name ? " I asked. Mr.- Beldhoimer's son answered : "Alicia Warlock." I had but ono idea when I heard that reply — to get back to my house without a moment's needless delay. It was then ten o'clock at night — the last train to Metz had left long since. I arranged with my young friend — after duly informing him of the cir cumstances — that I Bhould goby tho first train in the morning, instead of staying to breakfast with the othor guestB who slept in the house. At intervals during the night I wondered uneasily how things were going on at Maison Rouge. Again and again the same question occurred to me, on my journey home in the early morning, the morning of tho first of March. As tho event proved but one person in my house knew what really happened at the stables on FranciB Raven's birthday. Let Joseph Rigobert take my place as nar rator, and tell the story of tho end to You— as he told it, in times past, to his lawyer and to Me. FOURTH (AND LAST) NARRATIVE. THE STATEMENT OF JOSEPH RIGOBERT : ADDRESSED TO THE BARRISTER WHO DEFENDED HIM AT HIS TRIAL. Respeoted Sir, — On the 27th of February I was sent, on business connected with the stables at Maison Rouge, to tho oity of Metz. On the public promenado I met a mngni. ficent woman. Complexion blonde. Nation ality, English. "We mutually admired each other; we fell into conversation. (She spoke French perfectly — with tho English accent.) I offered refreshment ; my proposal was accepted. We had a long and interesting interview — we discovered that we were made for each other. So far, who is to blame ? Is it my fault that I am a handsome man — universally agreeable as such to the fair sex-; Is it a criminal offence to be accessible to the amiable weakness of love ? I ask again, who is . to blame ? Clearly, Nature. Not the beautiful lady — not my humble self. To resume. The most hard-hearted per son living will understand that two beings made for eooh other could not possibly part without an appointment to meet again. I made arrangements for the accommoda tion of the lady in the villago near Maison Rouge. . She consented to honor me with her company at supper, in my apartment at the stables, on the night of the 29th. The time fixed on was the time when the other ser vants were accustomed to retire — eleven o'clook. Among the grooms attached to the stables was an Englishman, laid up with a broken leg. His name was Francis. His man- nera were repulsive ; ho was ignorant of the . French language. In tho kitchou he went by the nick-name of " The English Bear." Strange to say, he was a great favorite with my master and my mistress. They even humored certain superstitious terrors to which this repulsive person was subject— torrors iuto the nature of which I, as an advanced freethinker, never thought it worth my whilo to inquire. On the evening of tho twenty-eighth, the Englishman, being a prey to the torrors which I have mentioned, requested that one of his fellow-servants might sit up with him for that night only. The wish that he ex pressed was backed by Air. Fairbank's au thority. Having already incurred my master's displeasure — in what way a proper sense of my own dignity forbids me to relate — 1 volunteered to watch by the bedside of the English Bear. My object was to satisfy Mr. Fairbank that I bore no malice, on my side, after what had occurred between tis. The wretched Englishman passed a night of delirium. Not understanding liis barbarous language, I could only gather from his gestures that he was in deadly fear of some fancied apparition at his bedside. From timo to time, when this madman disturbed my slumbers, I quieted him by swearing at him. This is the shortest and best way of dealing with per sons in his condition. On the morning of the twenty-ninth Air. Fairbank left us on a journey. Later in the day, to iny unspeakable dis gust, I found that I had not doue with the Englishman yet. In Mr. Fairbank's absence. Airs. ' Fairbank took an incomprehensible interest in the question of my delirious fellow- servant's repose at night, Again, one or '1'ul.lUU-l «>v '""I .ir:sns«iusat wklitU Autlwr. "r rfil, i.e.:. other of us was to watch by his bedside, and to report it, if anything happened. Ex pecting my fair friend to supper, it was necessary to make sure that the other ser vants at the stables would he safe in their beds that night. Accordingly, I volunteered once more to be the man who kept watch. Airs. Fairbank complimented me on my humanity. I possess great command over my feelings, 1 accepted the compliment without a blush. Twice, after nightfall, my mistress and the doctor (this last staying in the house in Air. Fairbank's absence) came to make in quiries. Once, before the arrival of my fair friend — and once after. On the second oc casion (my apartment being next door to the Englishman's) 1 was obliged to bide my charming guest in tho harness room. She consented, with angelic resignation, to im molate her dignity to the servile necessities of my position. A more amiable woman (so far) I never met with ! After tho second visit I was left free. It was then closo on midnight. Up to that timo there was nothing in the behavior of the mad Englishman to reward Mrs. Fair- bank and the doctor for presenting them- selves at his bedside. He lay half awake, half asleep, with an odd wondering kind of look in bis face. Aly mistress at part ing warned me to be particularly watchful of bini towards two in tho morning. Tho doctor (in case anything happened) loft me a large hand-bell to ringi which could easily be heard at tlic bouse. Restored to the society of my fair friend, I spread the supper tabic. A pate, a sausage, and a few bottles of generous Aloselle wine composed our simple meal. When persons adore each otber the intoxicating illnsion of Love trans forms the simplest meal into a banquet.; With immeasurable capacities for enjoyment wo sat down to table. At the very moment when I placed my fascinating companion iu a chair— tho infamous Englishman in the next room took that occasion of all others to becomo restless and noisy once more. He struck with his stick on the iloor ; lie cried out in a delirious access of terror, " Rigo bert ! Rigobert !" The sound of that lamentable voice, sud denly assailing our cars, terrified my fair friend. She lost all lier charming color in an instant. "Good heavens !" alio ex claimed. " Who is that in the next room ?" " A mad Englishman." " An Englishman ?" " Compose yourself, 1113- angel. I will quiet him." The lamentable voice called out on mo again, " Rigobert ! Rigobert !" Aly fair friend caught me by the arm. " Who is he ? What is his name ?" Something in her face struck me as she put that question. A spasm of jealousy shook me to the soul. " You know him ?'' I said. "His name?" she vehemently repeated J " his name ?" " Francis," I answered. " Francis — what ?" I shrugged my shoulders. I conld neither remember nor pronounce tho barbarous English surname. I could only tell bcr. it began with an "R." She dropped back into the chair. Was she going to faint ? No ; sho recovered, and more than recovered, her lost color. Her eyes flashed superbly. What did it mean ? Profoundly as I understand women in general, I was puzzled by this woman ! "You know him?" I repeated. Sho laughed at me. "What nonsense! How should I know him ? Go and quiet the wretch. " Aly looking-glass was near. One glance at it satisfied me that no woman in her senses conld prefer tho Englishman to me. 1 recovered my self-respect. I hastened to the Englishman's bedside. The moment 1 appeared he pointed eagerly towards my room. Ho overwhelmed me with a torrent of words in his own language. I made out, from his gestures and his looks, that he had, in some incomprehen sible manner, discovered the presence of my guest— and, stranger still, that he was scared by tho idea of a person in my room. I endeavored to compose him on tho system which I have already mentioned — that is to say, I swore at him in my language. The result not proving satisfactory, I shook my fist in liis face— and left the bedchamber. Returning to my fair friend, I found her walking backwards and forwards in a state of excitement wonderful to behold. Sho hnd not waited for me to fill her glass — she had begun the generous Alosello in my ab sence. I prevailed on her with difficult' to place herself at the table. Nothing would induce her to eat. " AJ' appetite is gone," she said. " Give me wine." Tho generous Moselle deserves its name- delicate on the palate, with prodigious "bod-." The strength of this lino wine produced no stnpifying effect on my remark able guest. It appeared to strengthen and exhilarate her — nothing more. She always spoke in the same low tone, and always, turn the conversation as I might, brought it hack with the saino dexterity to tho subject of the Englishman in the next room. In any other woman this persistency would have offended me. Aly lovely guest was irresistible ; 1 answered her questions with the docility of a child. She possessed all the amusing eccentricity of lier nation. When I tdld ber of the acci dent which confined the Englishman to his bod, she sprang to ber feet. An extraordi nary siuilo irradiated lier countenance. She said, "show me the horse who broke bis leg! I must, and will, see the horse !" I took her down to the stables. She kissed tlio horse — on my word of honor, she kissed the horse 1 That struck me. I said, " You do know tho luau ; and he has wronged you in some way." No ! slie would not admit it, even then. " I kiss all beautiful animals," she said. "Haven't I kissed you 'i " With that charming explanation of hor conduct, she ran back up the stairs. I only remained behind to look tho stable door again. When I rejoined ber I made a startling discovery. I caught her coming out of the Englishman's room. " I was just going down stairs again to call you," she said. " The man iu there is getting noisy 01100 more." The mad Englishman's voice assailed our cars again. " Rigobert ! Rigobert ! " He was a frightful object to look at wkeA I saw liim this time. His eyes were staring wildly; the perspiration was pouring over his face. In a panic of terror he clasped his hands ; he pointed up to Heaven. By every sign and gesture that a man can make lie entreated mc not to leave him agniu. I roallv could not help smiling. The idea of my staying with hiut, and leaving my fair friend by herself in the next room ! I turned to the door. When the mad wretch saw me leaving him he burst out into a screech of despair— so shrill that I feared it might awaken tho sleeping servants. Aly presence of mind in emergencies is proverbial aimmgthosc who know me. I tore open the cupboard iu which he kept his linen —seized a handful of his handkerchiefs gagged him with one of them, and secured liis hands with the others. There was now no danger of his alarming tho servants. After tying the last knot I looked up. The door between tho Englishman's room and mine was open. Air fair friend was standing on the threshold — watching him as he lay helpless 011 the bed ; watching mc as I tied the last knot. " Wbat are you doing there ?" I asked. " Why did you open the door ?" She stepped up to me, and whispered her answer iu my ear — with her eyes all the time upon the man in the bed. " I heard him scream." "Well?" "1 thought you had killed him." 1 drew back from ber in horror. The sus picion sf me which her words implied was sufficiently detestable in itself. But lier manner when she uttered ths words was more revolting still. It so powerfully affected me that I started back from that beautiful creature, as 1 might linve recoiled from a reptile crawling over my flesh. Before I bad recovered myself sufficiently to reply, my norves were assailed by another shock. I suddenly heard ray mistrosss voice, calling to me from the stable-yard. There was no time to think —there was only time to act. Tho one thing needftij was to keep Airs. Fairbank from ascending the stairs, and discovering — not my lady guest only— but the Englishman also, gagged and bouud, on hi3 bod. I instantly hurried to the yard. As I ran down tho stairs I heard the stable-clock strike tlie quarter to two in the morning. Aly mistress was eager and agitated. Tho doctor (in attendance on ber) was smiling to himself, like a man amused at his own thoughts. " Is Francis awake or asleep ?" Airs. Fair- bank inquired. "He lias been a_ little restless, madam. But lie is now quiot again. If be is not disturbed" (I added these words to pre vent her from ascending tho stairs), "ho will soon fall off into a quiet sleep." "Has nothing happened since I was hero last?" "Nothing, madam." The doctor lifted liis eyebrows with a comical look of distress. ; "Alas, alas, Airs. Fairbank !" be said. " Nothing has happened I The days of romance are over !" " It is not two o'clock yet," my mistress answered, a little irritably. The smell of the stables was strong 011 tlie morning air, She put her handkerchief to ber nose, and led the way out of tho yard, by the north entrance — the en trance eommnnioatingwith the gardens and the house. I was ordered to follow her, along with the doctor. Once out of the smell of the stables, she began to question me again. She w as unwilling to believe that nothing had occurred iu her absence. I invented the best answers I eould think of on the spur of the moment ; and tlie doctor stood by laughing. So the minutes passed, till tlie clock struck two. Upon tliat, Mrs. Fairbank anuounced ber intention of person ally visiting the Englishman in liis room. To my great relief, the doctor interfered to stop ber from doing this. "You have beard that. Francis is just falling asleep," lie said. " If you enter liis room you may disturb him. It is essential to tlie success of my experiment that be should have a good night's rest, and that lie should own it himself, before I tell him the truth. I must request, medically, madam, that you will not disturb tlie man." Aly mistress was unwilling to yield. For the next five minutes at least there was a warm discussion between tlie two. In the end Airs. Fairbank was obliged to give way — for the time. "In half an hour," she said, " Francis will be either sound asleep, or awake again. In half an honr, I shall como back." She took tho doctor's arm. They returned together to tho bouse. Left by myself, with half- an-hour before me, I resolvod to take the Englishwoman back to the village — then, returning to the stables, to remove tho gag and the bindings from Francis, and to let him screech to his heart's content. What would his alarming the whole establishment matter to me — after I bad got rid of tho compromising presence of my guest? Returning to tho yard, I heard a sound like the creaking of an open door on its hinges. The gate of the north cntranco I had just closed with my own hand. I went round to the west entrance at the back of the stables. It opened on a field crossed by two footpaths, in Air. Fairbank's grounds. The nearest footpath led to tbo village, the other led to the high road and the river. Arriving at tho west entrance, I found the door open — swinging to and fro slowly in the fresh morning breeze. I hadmyselflockedand bolted that door after admitting my fair friend at eleven o'clock. A vague dread of something wrong stole its way into my mind. I hurried back to tho stables. I looked into my own room. It was empty. I went to the harness room. No a sign of the woman was there. I returned to my room, and approached the door of tlio Englishman's bed-chambor. AYa3 it possible she had remained there during my absence? An unaccountable reluctance to open the door mnde mo hesitate, with my hand on tho lock. I listened. There was not a sound inside. I called softly- There was 110 answer. I drew back a step, still hesitating. I noticed something dark, moving slowly in tho crevice between the bottom of the door and the boarded iloor. Snatching up tlie candle from tlie table, I held it low and looked. Tlie dark slowly- moving object was a stream of blood ! That horrid sight roused me. I opened the door. The Englishman lay on his bed, alone in the room. He was stabbed iu two places, in the throat and in the heart. The weapou was left iu tho second wound. It was a knife of English manufacture, with a handle of buekliorn as good as new. I instantly gave the alarm. Witnesses can speak to wbat followed. It is monstrous to suppose that I am guilty of the murder. I admit that I am capable of committing follies, but I shrink from the bare idea of a crime. Besides, I had no motive for killing the man. The woman murdered him in my absence. Tho woman escaped by the west entrance while I was talking to my mistress. I have no more to say. I swear to you what I have here written is a true statement of all that happened on the morning of the first of Alareh. Accept, sir, the assurance of my senti ments of profound gratitude and respect. Joseph ElliOBERT. LAST LINES. Added by Percy Fairtjaxk.' Tried for the murder of Francis Raven, Joseph Rigobert was found Not Guilty, the papers of the assassinated man presenting ample evidence of the deadly animosity felt towards him by his wife. The investigations pursued on the morning when tbo crime was committed showed that the murderess, after leaving tho stable, had taken the footpath which led to the river. Tho river was dragged — without result. It remains doubtful to this day . whether she died by drowning or not. The one thing certain is — that Alicia Warlock was never seen again. So — beginning in mystery, ending in mystery— tlio Dream-Woman passes from your view. Ghost ; demon ; or living human creature — say for yourselves which she is. Or, knowing what unfathomed wonders arc around you, what unfathomed wonders are in you, let the wise words of the greatest o all poets be explanation enough : '' V,' e are sueh stuff As dreams aro made of, aud our little life Is rounded with a sleep." the exd. The Ararat Advertiser learns that a serious epidemic has made its appcaranco in some of the fowl yards not far from Ararat. Tho insect which either causes tbo death of tlie barndoors, or is a precursor of tlie disease, being a small louse (jjediculu-s ), with dark brown or black belts across tlie abdo men, and with antenna? of about the six teenth of an inch in length. 