IiB SPOBT. ... A London clergyman, of high repute os a, preacher, always makes a point of reading all through the " hunting fix tures " in Saturday's paper, because he ciri fancy, himself away in the breezy counties while doing so. No doubt mere aro renders m Melbourne wuo nBver backed a horse, in the sense of mounting it, and yet take a pleasure for which they can hardly account in perusing the glowing descripti ins given by " Nimrod's Ghost," or '.'The Man at the Cross . Roads" of the glorious runs enjoyed with the hounds. a Monsieur who wrote his impressions of the English went to a hunt, in order that he might faithfully chronicle " Le Sport.""' Some ;of our red-jackets seem to havo a remarkably happy knack of writing about the runs, and we cannot help thinking as we rend that there is a good deal more of the writer than the rider about them: that, in fact, a gentleman who is deft with the pen but shy at fences makes a guinea or two by dodging round after hounds,' taking the lanes nncl so forth, and perhaps, for the sake of bis reputation, venturing through a panel when some dare-devil has knocked off the top rail. Much very: amusing Sunday reading was afforded ' yesterday over a joint run by the Mol- . bourne and Flemington hounds. On this occasion his Excellency the Gover nor and Lady Bowen were invited to accompany the gentlemen of the Mel bourne Hunt to Bray-brook, and- see. a fine deer unoarted, the . gift of Mr. Chirnside. We aro told by the chroni clers that there was -a good deal of uneasiness among the gentlemen of. the M.H.C. as they jogged down to the < meet. They were in an enemy's 1 country, and the hunting lord had ' declared, with suitable blanks and ftAsllAS nf rofinorl lonrrunrra that, vtnrta j but Flemingtooians should hunt in that j country. This ho swore", by all his , gods. In fact, his words were — I'm monarch of all I sur ey. i To bo sure, he could not add — My fight there is nonolo dispu'd. But he did emphatically state his own 1 solid conviction that — Prom Heidelberg to tho Wcrrlbeo, a 'm lord cl tho tleiring and Bruti, Knowing the troublesome notions of this individual, the M. H. C., we say, jogged along- with depressed" spirits. Their apprehensions resolved them selves into this : Their beautiful stag, when uncarted, and while tremb lingly choosing his flight, would be set upon by the baying hounds - of the monarch, and butchered at once without any sport. The hearts of the -however, rose a little as they journeyed, -for no signs appeared of the'inonareh or his satellites." But no — yes, as they rounded a corner of the road, what was that they, saw on the site of the very try sting place ? One of the chroniclers,; with a withering contempt which has succeeded his terror, puts the sight down as a meagre lot of very inferior rhounds-;- with two. boys., on horses, and a third mounted individual, whom the chronicler describes as a pasty-faced young man with - a smudgy moustache, and who, he adds, is said to ba respectably conneoted. This party constituted the Flemington Hunt Club ! which was to stand in the way of &11\. the leading sportsmen around Melbourne, with Sir George and Lady Bowen. come to look on! It was too much altogether. But. for the presence of Vice-royalty, says the scribe, there would have been horsewhipping. Yet wnere was ttie monoron r uu Here, in the rear of our own forces, he rode ; mounted, the chronicler admits,'. ch a fine black mare with her skin groomed like satin. His seat and hands, the chronicler must like wise allow, are perfection ; but bis affected style of little boot, Spanish leather, stamps him undeniably as no true sportsman. After giving the monarch the small credit that cannot be denied to him, the chronicler dabs on the mud thick. Jumped-up jockey is about a summary of the whole. Tho monarch tells the cbronioler, in forcibly peppered language, that he will toaoh them . to bring, their hounds into his country ; but when appealed to by an amiable co-befween, .he says he don't know nothing about it, and tbe 'owns is 'unteci to-day by Mr. Smith. The language of. the monarch, he it observed, has 'to be taken on the chronicler's version, which is funny, but still may possibly be a little overcharged by the good humor' of the medium,, : ' Mr., Smith appears to be inexorable in his determination to .put the.houads.oq tho deer when it is uncarted,' end the monarch protests " hihnercence." The deeroart is fnove'd, but the watchful Smith and his boys move with it. From all ap- pearances, the poor Governor will see nothing at all on this grand field day At last poor Smith yields, and the two packs of houndB are joined for the run whioh duly oomes off. Ttie monarch' no doubt, chuokle3 over lm fiightener' and has no fears but that he' and his men will chase the flyin-r fish :henoafofth.wi.tho.ut,mp!estation. 6 