VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT. In the Assembly this afternoon all the preliminary business was postponed, and the House proceeded to the considera tion of the report of the committee of the whole House on the Local Govern- ment Amendment Bill. Mr GILLIES said (hat before the Bill was read a third time, he would move that the order of the day in refer ence to it be discharged, so as to give members an opportunity of moving such amendments as tbey might see fit. The Bill was then ordered to be read a third time next day. Mr KERFERD suggested that the order of the next day's busiuess should be the third reading of the Local Govern ment Bill, after that the Public Works Loan Bill, and then the Payment of Members Bill. Mr WHITEMAN asked when the Government would be prepared to give facilities for the consideration of private business. Mr KERFERD said that as soon as the Local Government Bill was disposed of private members coald bring forward their motions. The House then adjourned until next day. "Wangaratta Police Court.— On Wednes day, before Mr J. Holmes, P.M., Richard Beat, who had found his way all the way from Geelong, was chaged with assaulting Mr Raphael, the watchmaker, of Murphy-street, for which playful amnsement he was fined 20, or, if he preferred it, seven days' im prisonment. Apropos. — Politics and kindness of heart (writes the Grenville Advocate) sometimes clash, as was the case in one instance if the following is oerrect : — " One day lately Mr Philip Russell, M.L.C., of Carngham, waB accosted by a swagman, who asked the honorabe member for .work. Mr Russell replied: — 'Well, my good fellow, yon can have a feed, and welcome ; but really I have more men employed than I can find work for, and men are ap plying to me for work every day. The man then looked Mr Russell earnestly in the face, and asked : — ' Did yon not advocate the in troduction of a bill for a fresh influx of immi- gration, yet, at the same time, know snch is not wanted?' The honorable member was evidently non-plussed, as he at once tnrned on his heels and walked away ; bnt whether the promised feed was given, onr informant does not state." Break Down. — A bullock wagon, laden with wool from Mr C. Edgehill's station, came to grief in front of the Terminus, Wodonga, on Wednesday evening, through one of the wheels having given way. It must have been rather annoying to the teamster, after having conveyed his loading for so many miles, that further progress should have been stopped when within a hundred yards of his destina tion, to say nothing of the trouble and expense occasioned by shifting the loading, and having the wagon again made fit for the road. — Albury Banner. Ritualism and Church Millinery in Wan garatta,— On Sunday, the 8th inst., divi»je worsmp m xnnuy unurcn, wangaratta, -as performed, pursuant to advertifeement, by Reverend William Brodribb, of Mfji\,0Qrne / This young gentleman conducted the servioas ia a very impressive manner, br,t he made ' some innovations which took the. congregation by emprise. After the morning prayers wen concluded, he walked from, the reading des I to tha pulpit, omitting the communion sf vice. It has heretofore been the wont of t officiating clergyman at this stage to kr ? down and offer a short prayer before i,® serzaon, instead of which Mr Brodribb tn j ronod at right angles to the pulpit, and his eyes fixed on the vacancy, he -71 "in the name of the Father, Sor E ,' Holy Ghost, Amen," and while so sp ?n he touched his shoulders and tJ forehead with his hand, these wn. being meant as a sign of the the oro geaes the sermon ha went thrnnuJi ( la- Alter pantomime, and the congregation k®. "i?0 collection was being made, had ti ' , , ? at the vestments which were wor- 1 , all there was what seemed a tight u silk petticoat, then a surplice ar fitting black a black scarf, on which were ' ( hood, then one at each end and one at th- ihree orossss, neck ; the whole of this milli 8 back ot the off by a large gold ring, and th nery , lng ! , being a display of clerical dar 8 \out Wangaratta has long been a idyism to whHm tributed to the Star. . stranger.— (Con- 