V ? _",._?"..,..-,_.?? . NOTES OP A VISIT TO, SAN FRANCISCO, ' THE SALT LAKE' CITY, "AND BRIGHAM YOUNO.. , (DT TH« BUT. DU. LAÑO.) LOKDON, 10th June, 1874 Had occupied tny«e» during my voyage aerosa the Atlantic from New ? ; York to Liverpool, on board the steamship Republic, ' in preparing two different tots of »otes of our journey across the American continent by the Great Parino Railway-the one extending tn the close of our visit to tho Salt Lake and Brigham Young, and the other to our arrival at New York, or rather Liverpool. But my port-folio, containing both of the«» Beta of notes, with several of roy best sermons, and other papers of moro or ICSB importance, lind been abstracted from my great cont pocket by some Liverpool thief on the railway platform, where we were detained for more than an hour, from having missed thc train wo had Intended to gn by, for I found, when I arrivod in London, that the port-folio was gone, and I ascer- tained by a telegram that I had not left lt at the hotel where my party had hud some refreshment be- fore taking the train to London. Everything wns ready in the two sets of notrs for tho poBt-book (or Sydney, when 1 discovered my loss,' and'' could ' only' account fnr it ' in tho way I have suggested.. - Un- willing however, to loose my notes entirely, I have resolved to reproduce them as well asl' can from my memory, with Borne slight curtailments. I recollect in the old penal times of our colony a 1 currency lass ' who was living ns n domestic servnnt in a respectable family in Sydney, being nsked by her mistress if she would like to go with hor to London. ' No, ' she re- plied, 'she would not like to go th ero, for that wns the pince were all the bad people enma from.' Somo of thesa however were to bo found in Liverpool; I only trust my sermons may do tho rnscnl that stole thom somo good, nnd teach him to pick and steal no more. Th oro was fortunately no money in tho' port- folio ; and it is some small consolation for the loss to think how disappointed the fellow must have been on ascertaining tho fact. May 11th, 1874.-Sailed from Honoluln, nt fi p.m., ' after coaling and taking in, with other goods and n few- passengers, 700 ton« of Hawaiian augsr for San Francisco, and arrived at our dnstinatinn there in tho morning of Thursday thc 21st. The Pacific Ucean, the whole way across, being as calm as n millpond-head winda, no doubt, but no gules. San Francisco ta an immenao heart for commerce. It has whole lines of streets worthy of any city in the old world, with places of business of all kinda innumerable, and one endless series of wharves and quays for shipping. One might almost think there munt bc as much business done in San Francisco in a day as there 1B in Sydney in a week -there is such an air of business about tho pince in ?ll dircctiona, Now that alnvcry is dono away with in America, the rEcui.iAit INSTITUTION of that country at thc present time would seem to be tho American . Hotel, and the sort of lifo it implies. My party prit up, with several of our other passengers, at the Grand Hotel in Montgomeiy- street, an establishment which occupies what the Americans call two blocks of build- ings, with n bridge over a lana joining tho two, the charge for board nnd lodgings being four dollars a day each. [At the Fifth Avenue Hotel, in Now York, where my party »pent two days, tho chnrge was five doUurs a day.] Tho lower story of thcao mammoth establishments, with the exception of the main en- trance, nnd another for ladies, is entirely occupied in shops, tho dining roam being splendidly lilted up, with a lofty roof, and richly ornamented with cornices and . carving, and large enough to accommodate three or four hundred people at ance-tho room being Ulled with numerous separate tables far the purpose. Every- thing of course ls in tho hiithcst style-bedrooms and parlours, &o.; with everything suitable. Now this la all very well < for young men in business of nny kind, .nd far removed from their homes ; but only think of ? nowly-merrled couple living for years it may bs at a hotel, because house rent and servants'wageB aro so high I Rut whatever may bo the excuse for it, I do not Uko the thing at all. God made the family, that Divino institution ; but Jonathan has made tho lintot community, and I confess I do not adm'ro tho work of his hands. I should bc sorry Indeed tasco lt repro- duced in our colonies. Tho environs of San Francisco are tame and uninteresting compared with those of Sydney, and many of the second-rate houses arc built ot wood, in consequence of n severe shock of an earth- quake having been felt some yearsslnce ; and it ls well known that houses ofthat kind very soon got shabby in appearance, if not frequently painted. Some people un tho wharves started as if they had seen a ghost at seeing mo; telling mo they hadiecn mo often in Sydney, but never expeoted to seo mein San Fran- cisco. "One of thcBo people gavo out to thoBo about that "lt old gentleman, ns old aa the /lilli, had arrived by tho Australian mailship. A Presbyterian minister, the Rev. Mr. Gibson, culled on me at the Grand Hotel, and Anding I could not remain over Sabbath, invited roy party and myself to what they called a Strawberry Festival in connection with his congrega- tion thar evening, at which of course I wns invited lo address tho audience. Mr. Gibson's church Isa hand somo structure, with a tower and spire, very faithfully fitted up within. I found among thc congregation a family who had belonged to my own congregation in Sydney, but who had gone to San Francisco during one of the rushes to California. I was glad to find that they wero doing woll. Saturday, May 23rd. After crossing the bay of San Francisco in a steamer, took tho railway trnin for New York, a distança of upwards , of 3000. milos-taking Pullman or sleeping-cars for tho night, and stopping for breakfast, lunch or dinner, nnd ten, ut" hotels con- veniently placed for tho purpose all along the route. ' Thero ls much lino land, and many well cultivated farms on both sides of. the route to Sacramento, tho capital of tho Stnto of California, 138 ralles from San Francisco, Tho fino land extends for many miles beyond Sacramento, and is succeeded all at onoo by what is called tho American desert. At the com- mencement of this tract tho oountry appeared to mc exaotly Uko that of thodesertbetwecen Suez and Cario I in Egypt, seeming aa if it had only been loft dry by tho retiring ocean a tow days ago. Tn is tract was suc- ceeded for hundreds of milos-by a country Uko thc Salt bush plains of our own south western interior, on which I havo no doubt sheep could brouzo and thrive There is n laka of largo extent, cnlled in honor of an Illustrious traveller in these regions. Humboldt Lake, running for hundreds of miles to tho right of tho railway routo, which it struck me eauld be availed nf far tho irrigation of tho plain?, whenever it might bo ncccBsnry to utilisa the country. Tho water of tho Lnko I believe is salt ; but that I pre- sume would not be unsuitable for a countay produc- ing saltolaceoua vegetation. Our first Btopping-placo was Ogdon-nbout 880 mitei from San Francisca-which wo reached In the morning of Monday, tho 25th. There is a branch railway from this locality to tho famous Salt. Lnko City af that Modem Mahomet, Brizham Young, the distance being nbout thirty miles. Taking the train, which most of our passengers did to thia famous locality, wo wore domiciled during our stay at the Townsend House, n rcBpcctnhlo hotel, kept by ono of the office-bearers of Brigham's community. Salt Laka city, whloh received its narnu from its vicinity to tho famouB Salt Lnko of these reglona, ia a city of no in- ferior character, with a population of 20,000 and rapidly inoroaslng. It is remarkably well shunted .nd well laid out, with wide street* crossing each other at right nnglcB, with rows of trees-acaoins in bloom nt tho time of our visit-on both sides of the street along tho ' pave ' and a run of water from tho mountains-in somo enses almost sufllcicnt to turn a milt-in all tho principal Btreets. There aro moun- tains at no groat dlatanco on olther side of it, tho tops of whloh at tho period of Dur visit wero still covered with snow. Tho olevatlon of tho placa ls nt least 3000 foot abovo tho lovol of tho sen. There are many buildings of n superior ohntactor in and around tho oily, both publia and private, including Mormon BChoolB, and an orphanage for tho children of do cetsod Mormons. Our principal ohjeots in visiting this remarkable locality were to BOO tho Mormon Tabernacle, as it Is called, and to havo un intorvlew If possible with Brigham Young, nnd through tho courtesy of Mr. ?W. A. Hall, n brother of Mr. II. H. Hall, ol Sydney, agent of tho Californian Mall Line, who has shown us much attention and kindness on nur route, wo Bucooedod In both of these objects. Brigham indeed was absent at ono of his subordínalo stations in tho morning of tho day of our visit, and it was not to bo known till flvo p.m. whether ho was to return to tho city that day or not. But ho did return, nnd Mr. Hall arranged for a mooting with him in his ofllco at six. In the meantime wo proceeded to view tho Tabernacle Into which tho Janitor In waiting admitted tis. It is .n immenao .building of 250 foot In longth, and if I mistake not, 100 in width. Tho roof haano visiblo support. It is a trussed roof nino (cet thlok. Tho building Is in tho form of an ellipse, tho best form for bearing. It has a doop gallery supported on pillars all round. It ls oloaoly scated, and la cnpnblo of con- taining 13,000 persons. Tho Janitor said u few Sabbaths ago lt had 15,000 in it on somo great occasion when it wns aloin pnoked. There is nut a particle of ornament In it of any kind, mid tho pews ?ie formed apparently of American pino varnished. I thought the eeillng looked low for the extent of the building, but the Janitor told me it wai sixty-eight feet from the floor. Wishing to teat IIB acoustic pro- perties, I Biked tho Janitor, atandlng. In the usual place ol the preacher or reader, to utter a lenience of any kind, while I atood in the nppoiite gallery. He did 80, repeating the text, " Except a man be born again, he cannot enter into the JiingdofYi ot God," all of which I heard quite distinctly. I then pronounced the doxology, " Fralns God from whom all blessing! flow," fcc, where I waa standing in the gallery, and the Janitor told us he heard every word. There Is a noble organ the third fargett it ii said in tho world, behind where thc speaker or reader stands. Wo were naturally desirous to hnve it played. Some of the other Indies of our pnrty, however, having declined to perform on tho occasion, my daughter played a few staves, which enabled ! us to ascertain in Borne menauio the effect of tho volume of sound it emitted in tho great building. It muBt bc very overpowering indeed. My daughter described the roof nf the Tabernacle appropriately enough by saying it was like a largo dish-cover, which it certainly resembles. On tho ground adjoining the Tabernacle, there is a magnificent temple, of which wo raw o drawing, in courso of erection. It ls to bo of whitish granito polished and will it ÍB said take eight, yeats to erect. What purposes in tho Mormon, economy, this temple is intended to serve, I did not ascertain. ' 