MULTUAI IN PABVO. " Town Talk " says So far, no evil consequences have re sulted from the irruption into our peaceful, order-loving com munity of the French political convicts. No babies have boen missed, tho jewellers' shops havo not suffered . ami our brace nf archbishops have not found it necessary to apply to Mr. Parkes for an escort. Visitors to Courvoisier — ami their name has been legion report themselves as considerably disappointed, not to say disgusted, Tlicro is nothing more formidably ferocious about M. ltocliofort's appearance than a somewhat fierce- look ing moustache, nor has M. Grousset the slightest look of a man who would care for roasting Ids grandmother, or dining off a bank manager. They really look very much like other civilised people, never suspeiAed of any much more communistic lean ings than a natural desire for as much of other people's money as they could get, and pulling their cigarettes over their cau lucre, might readily be mistaken for the most amiablo of philan thropists on a voyage of discovery for some new specific for the amelioration of the species. They are going away, which is a pity— for .Mr. Courvoisier. A ghost story (writes tho Maryborough Standard) is a not un fitting sequel to the lafc Bung Bong tragedy. A correspondent gives tho circumstances ns nearly as possible as (they were told him Some ten days since, throe men, residents of Bung Bong, being out late on business, and having occasion to pass close by the scene of cite late horrors, saw distinctly four persons (a man and four children), whom they instantly recognised as tho suicide and Ids family, approach the houso and enter, or appear to enter, by the door. All three saw tho apparition, and re marked to eacli other on its singularity. They then tried the door, and (hiding it securely locked, departed to their homos sadly and silently, fully impressed with tho belief that they had seen a ghost—or, rather, four ghosts. Last Saturday, the It. C. Bishop of Armidale hold his first ordination service, the Jtev. Mr. Barker being ordained priest. Papers in reference to tho case of Dr. Beer were laid before Parliament lately, and issued from tho Government Printing Ollico last week. The easu lias been for many years before the public : and the impression is prevalent with many of thoso who have examined the documents that a grievous wrong lias been done to Dr. Beer. In 1S50 lie was charged with the crime of administering a noxious .drug, with the view of causing the deatli of his patient, a married woman, in whoso life insurance policy lie was supposed to havo an interest. The jury acquitted him of that charge, but found him guilty of seeking, by tho administration of belladonna, to causo abortion. He was imprisoned. But no barm befell hiB patient, who lived twelve ! yea: s afterwards. Several medical men expressed their opinion that he had done right in his treatment of tho case. Sir Benjamin Brodie, when a report of tho ease was submitted to him, said " botli tho charge and tho verdict aro uttorly absurd ' A scloct committee of tho Legislative Assembly reported in his favour, but to tlds day Dr. Beer lias not received a public authoritative vindication of his character. In October last ho appealed again to tho Colonial Secretary, giving a full history of the caso. Mr. Parkes referred the papers to Professor Smith, and that gentleman, after perusing these documents, thus recorded his conclusion, on the 23rd February last " From a careful consideration of the papers laid '.efnre mo, I cannot but agree with the report ol the select committee of tho Legislature, that abortiun could not liavo resulted from the use of bolladonna as administered; on the contrary, that its effect would be to prevent abortion ; and further, Hint, as a general rule, the quantity could not in any way be dangerous.' I ontlrely concur with Sir Benjamin Brodie, that 'both the chargo and the verdict are utterly absurd,' aud the painful etm- victhm is left on my mind that hero we havo had a very lamentable miscarriago of justice." — Evening iS\wi. The Maryborough and Dunoliy Advertiser says : — " Pure religion and uiuletlled before God and tile Father is tills. To visit the fatherless and widows in their alliietion." And this is what the trustees of tbe Independent Church at Geelong did 011 Monday last. The widow was Mrs. Lothian Anderson, and tiie fatherless was her daughter ; both of whom earned a scanty livelihood witli a sewing machine in a weatherboard cottago, under tho shadow of tiie sacred cdillce. And tile visitors did not go empty-handed. One of them carried a crowbar, and another a rope ; and in order that their mission of incroy and benevolence might be the moro impressively performed, thoy were accompanied by a couple of policemen. And this was how the trustees of tiio independent Church, erected in tho name of Christ, and dedicated to " tho worship of Almighty God," set about tiie fulfilment of their pious work. Instructions were given to a stalwart carpenter to raze the widow's habitation to the ground. Mrs. Croker, wife of a clerk to Mr. Simpson, coal merchant, was killed by the train last Friday, at North Adelaide, whilst crossing in a waggonette with her husband. On arriving, lie endeavoured to cross before tiie train passed, when tho back of tho trap, in which ids wife was sitting, was caught by the engine. The unfortunate Mr. Buteiiart lias been lodged in tho Ore- morne Lunatic Asylum, upon the joint certificates of Drs. Robertson anil Thomson. 'J'hero would now seem but littio doubt that lie was labouring under strong mental aberration when lie committed the forgery with which lie lias been charged. I11 addition to the statutory declarations which have already been made public, Mr. Stewart, of tiie firm of Mulleson, England, and Stownrt, solicitors, has mado a declaration, in which ho states that Buteiiart hail to ills credit in the Bunk of Victorin £339 in cash, £3500 worth of debentures, over £ 1000 worth of shares of tho Colonial Bank, and some £SOO worth of gas anil other shares, all in Ids own name, ami upon which there was no lien or claim of any kind, ami which could have been converted into cash at any moment. Jiis trust estate accounts have also been exumincd and found in strict order. Tho estimated population of this colony, 011 tiie 31st Decem ber, 1S73, was 500,275. Tiie corner stone of a new lecture hull for the Batlinrst School of Arts was laid on Thursday weok. The Cornwall Examiner (Tasmania), says " It is somewhat strange that wo can hardly look into a public print in any of tiie colonics without rending of tho quarrels of ministers and teachers of tho gospol of charity nnd love I Tlds is a startling fact, hut it is nevertheless true. Is it to the unsoundness of the doctrines taught, or to the corrupt nature of the teachers, that wo are to attribute such results ? Only ouo answer suggests itself, or is, indeed, even possible," A man named Mason fell down a shaft SO feet deep, on last Monday, at tho Adolong Reef, and was instantly killed. A telegram to tho Evening Eeivs, dated J 1 ill End, Tuesday, states that six shops, including the premises of Mr. Mnrgoscliis, have been destroyed by lire. A few goods have been saved. It is believed that none are insured. , It is reported that Mr. Francis, Chief Secretary of Victoria, lias telegraphed to the Agent-General (Mr. Archibald Mieliio), offering him tho vacant judgeship, with the view of appointing Mr. Laugton to that oilico in London. The Very Reverend Dr. J. O'Connor (tho Jesuit father) delivered a highly interesting lecture on the subject, " Ireland, past, present, and future," to nn audience numbering about 400 persons, at tho old Temperance llali, Fitt-stroct, Sydney, on last Tuesday evening, Dr. O'Connor is brother to Dr. Morgau O'Connor, late of Yass, and now practising at Wagga Wagga.) Mr. John Robertson gave notico in tiie Assembly, 011 Tuesday night, that lie would, next evening, upon the motion being mnile to go into committee of supply, move the motion standing in his name, in reference to tho select committee's report upon tho tobacco question, ns an amendment to lliat motion. During the time that the escaped Communists linvo been in Sydney, they liave been very-quiet and unobtrusive, and have rarely appeared I11 public, and thus have attracted little atten tion, which, considering that they played such important parts in tho great drama or tragedy lately enacted in ono of tiio greatest countries in the world, is remarkable. Thoy have, however, visited many places of interest in Sydney, and express themselves ns much gratified with what they havo seen. At the Central Police Court, Sydney, on last Wednesday, Willi, 1111 F. Must oil. on ball, and on remand, was charged with having obtained, by means of false pretences, tho signature of Vivian Pick to a transfer for seventy-four shares in the United Insurance Company. Defendant had nothing to say in answer to the charge, anil lie was committcil to take his triai at the Criminal Court, to ho holden on the Iltli of May next. Bail allowed, self in £S0, and two sureties of £40 each. 