A MOUNTAIN IN LABOR. Grea^t excitement and consternation have been created, in America by the most extra ordinary noises, lieavings, tremblings, and eruptions of a mountain known as the Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Carolina, which is said to be " doing missionary work in its neighborhood." The American rival of Vesuvius, as it is already named, ha? been "interviewed," and the result cojut municated to the world. The shocks, de | scribed by the correspondent of the New York Herald as " commencing with a noise like that of a smothered blast, and followed by a low rumbling sound," are producing a most profound effect upon the inhabitants of the district. At a farm house where the writer halted during his ascent of the mountain he found a crowd of tenor-stricken people. One of these, who owed fifty dollars, offered to sell his two cows and a horse for that amount, " because he did not want to go out of the world owing a cent to any man." And his feel ings are shared by the whole population. Prayer-meetings are held, at which the most extraordinary conversions are made. Those at " Elliott's house, at the base of Stone Mountain," are described as of a most enthusiastic nature. During their con tinuance, on the fifth day, a singular scene occurred. "A perfect Rip Van Winkle appeared in the person of Major Bende, an illicit distiller." The major, "who earned on his sinful traffic in the veiy bowels of the mountain, and was seldom seen by hu mans," appeared as pale as a ghost, and ex claimed, " It's coming and thar ain't no use a talkin'. Ef you had b'en shuk as bad as I you wouldn't be a wantin' nothin' but re ligion." The old man then told how the rumbling noises determined him to come down the mountain, mend his ways, and I quit distilling. Thinking the world was coming to an end, all he wanted was " a revenue officer to whom he could confess his transgressions against the Government." But the revenue officers had fled the night before from the same cause. They had at tended the meeting, during which " the severe shocks so frightened them" that they ordered their horses and "put off in a hurry." A negro preacher has improved the occasion and made numerous conver sions. The only fear is that when danger disappears the converts will return to their old ways. With respect to this "New Vesuvius," the Raleigh (North Carolina) correspondent of the Neio YarJi Tribune, writes to that journal,on March 17, as follows:—"Pas sengers from the West, on this mornings train, confirmed the reports of the rumbling noises, and the general up-heaving of Bald Mountain, in Western North Carolina. People living on and near the mountains Eire moving, and a volcanic eruption is expected." 