LITERATURE. THEOLOGY IN THE ENGLISH VQBCS.* "It is quite fair to say of the lectures which form fite contents of this volume that they are as much deserving of notice on account of (fee «»nit», and place, and time of their *n from the character of the lectures themselves. They were spoken by the Rev 8topfoid Brooke in thepnlpitof St James's ftufrf on Sunday afternoons in 1872, and others in continuation of the same series are to be hereafter published. They represent air experiment est the pert of their ahthon , who, witoslewother, clergymen, Bought in | his own words, to "give variety to clerical; wjffro on Sunday, and to make dynamic . modi knowledge that now remains only as i latent force among the clergy." He also , Out such lectarea " would assist the fn«w» of religion among that large number of priannn who do not go to church, and who ftitnV that .Christianity has nothing to do with politics, art, literature, or science.'' Be Continues— "When I made this experiment I had long desired to bring the pulpit on Sunday to btoron subjects other than those commonly cdlled religious, and to tub out the sharp lings, drawn by that false distinctiou of oacred and profane. If what I believed were trne, and God in Christ had sanctified all human life—if every sphere of man's thought nad action was in idea, and ought to be in fact, a channel through which God thought arid Hod acted-^then there was no subject which did not in the end ran up into theo logy, which might not in the end be made _re liyMim I wished then to claim as belonging to the province of toe Christian ministry historical, scientific, and arrive wdrk,in their connexion with theology: and to anexpent greater than J had hoped for the effort, bo tax as I have carried it, has suc ceeded. The of many accustomed to hear unfiling but 8ermona bom toe pulpit hjg jiwii wholly outweighed in my mind by the fact of the attendance of many persons who were before uninterested in religious subjecte at all." "fhf conception which Mr. Brooke has formed of the relations of religion to bnman life and tinman activity is toe primitive one in all religions, it gave to toe religions of jmtiqnity their intimate connexion with in dividual and n&tkmal; life. And on toe other ti«nd toe opinion against which he tints pmtnrtn is an outcome of modern times, and is one of the most significant symptoms of li inrninc power of religion as a directive and supreme jnflnynra over the minds of man. By its effect our religions have become mw ceremonial religions, having, fiaitaad, a certain amount of control over men's and feelings on one day of the week, but only on a day which is for that purpose deprived of all activity and emp tied of all life and meaning. As a set off to this concession they are carefully excluded from any influence over the doings of men on the other six days, and have thus been deprived of all share in the real working life of hu manity. But to come to the lectures themselves. The author at the outset thus defines his subject the "Theology in the English Poets" which he intends to treat:— "The poets of England ever since Cowper have been more and more theo logical, till we reach such men as Tennyson or Browning; whose poetry is overcrowded with theology. But the theo logy of the poets is different from that of churches and sects, in this especially, that it is not formulated into propositions, but is the natural growth of their own hearts. They are, by their very nature, strongly individual; they grow more by their own special genius than hy the of the life of the world around them; and they are, therefore, sure to- have a theology—that is, a doctrine of God in his relation to man, nature; and their own soul—which will be independent of conventional religious thought. They will be; as poets; free from those claims of dogma which influence ordinary men from their youth up, and from the religions tendencies of surrounding opinion. Their theology will therefore want the logical order which pre vails in confessions and articles; and as each wiIL give expression to it in vivid accordance with his natural character, it will be different thing in each." the author commences his series of the ' poets with Pope, in whom he finds the expression ofa natural common-sense re ligion, which is not warmed at all by emotion, , and is merely a recognition of an Infinite Being; a " Great First Cause, least under- steod." Compare," he says,, "the two following quotations, the firstbomtoe 'Essay- on Man/ the second from the ' Task'—the lines of Pope, impersonal, apart, touched with scorn, thinking of God as Creator alone; with the lines of Cowper, so personal, so self^compassionate, so intense in their realisation of Christ, that though no devotion is expressed they yet thrill with devotion.' We step grom one to the other as from a frozen to a tropic isle of religion flared on this isthmus of a middle state, A Being darkly wise, and rudely great; . jWlthtoo mure lnwwledge lor toe sceptic aide, tilto to? moto weetoesa for toe SUrich pride, &harew; between; todoubtto act, orrwv Jn douM to deem Mn»eU*SPod, or beset; ■. JU doubt biaudnd-or body to prefer; JBoro but to die, end rearolng but to en-; "" i In Ignorance, his reaeon each i of Ihougbt end &mioo;,all confused, ' r tomato toreed, or diaabuaed; ljbalf,ioriK.andhalf to faU; , jord of all tbtage, yet a prey to aU; fodte tftruto, to endless error hurl'd; fgjyjat, and riddle ot toe worid. passion, and there is no Now listen to -tbis, in which its areintense _rtb«t left the herd atomy to Arrow deep infixed -*-ntor withdrew nib. sWm • ttobad fflmtoU i tits side Be bore »craelto»re. ' g darts'. ; tod hade me live." ^Brooke deals with -His ban of the poets under consideration. For in stance, in contrasting the imtuial descriptions of Thomaonwith those of Shelley, he saps "In Thomson, the poet stands apart, and apostrophises Niton ; in Shelter, the poet is absorbed into Nature, and his voice is the voice of Nature her Belt" After tracing the feeling of Nature through the poets of the period prior to Cowper, he shows that it is not till we reach Cowper—and Cowper in his profosndest, most thoughtful mood—that we arrive at a "conception of Nature as a living being, to . whom affection was due, who ooold of her self awakefeelingand thought in man, whom we coold love as we love our fellow-men, who lived her ownlife and had conscious pleasure in it—it is this conception which uncon. sciouriy in Cowper began to tremble into being. It sprang into tall being in Words worth, and -then, when Nature was conceived of as alive, its theology took a new form, or rather several forms—each modified by the personal theology or philosophy of the poet— in the poetry of England." Mr. Brooke epeaks with just horror of the terrible character of the school of theology which crushed all hope and brightness oat of the gentle spirit of Cowper, and shed the blackness of despair over his last yearn. He says:— "For a time, during which he wrote most of the OIney hymns, he enjoyed the sense of that ' assurance' of salvation on which his friend Newton dwelt so much, and the humble ecstacy of some of the hymns is wonderfully touching. Bnt the lines which have found a place in every hymn book— * God moves in a mysterious way, His vondere to perform," 4c. mark the close of this period, and prophesy the relapse which followed. When the attack was over he never recovered his sense of acceptance with God.. He even learned to acquiesce, at times, in God's condemnation of him to eternal misery. ' Bat the weight of this dreadful belief did not always oppress him. It came and went like dark clouds | upon an April day of sunshine, and till the last three yean his life had many intervals of happiness. Many lovely landscapes lay between these three valleys of the Shadow of Death, where he rested, and was at peace; sweet idleness and fruitful contemplation tender friendships and simple pleasures— hours where charming humour and simple pathos ran through one smother, and inter changed their essence like the colours on ason set sea—days of sweet fidelity to Nature in her quietest and .most restoring moods—times when the peace that passeth all understand ing made him as a child with God; hat in the end the darkness settled down, deep and impenetrable; and the poet who of all English artists, has written, to my mind, the noblest hymns for depth of religious feeling, and for loveliness of quiet style; whose life was blameless as the water-lilies which he loved, and the way of life of which on silent streams he made his own; whose heart breathed the sweetest air of natural piety, and yet could sympathise with the super-sensuous world in which Goyon lived— died in ghastly hopelessness, refusing com fort to the last. On the physician asking how he frit, he answered, " 1 feel unutterable despair." It is a strange commentary on the demand which the school, of his friend Newton makes, that on the death-bed there should be, or else one may scarcely dare to hope, a triumphant confession of faith." It is on Wordsworth that Mr. Brooke most lovingly lingers; and on whose works the greater share of his dedicate analysis has been spent. One lecture is devoted to Cole ridge, of whom he writes" There is no lesson so solemn in the whole range of modern poetry as that given by Coleridge's poetry—genius without will—religion without strength—hope without perseverance—art without the power of finish. What he did well was unique, but it was very little." No less than nine of the lectures are directed to the task of exhibiting the growth of the religion of Wordsworth as shown in his poetry in its twofold relationship to Man and to Nature. In alluding to the period when growth has attained full fruition he writes:— ; " There are times when the sense of his spiritual life in Nature becomes so dominant that the material world fades away, and we feel as if we ourselves were pure spirits, and all the objects of sense were not real things we could touch, but unsubstantial appear ffoces. . . It is an experience many of us have gone through. It comes chiefly when the incessant small noises of Nature make less attack upon the ear, when we are high up on a mountain ride, or what we sit at mght by the sea when the low mist seems to hush the water into silence, or when in deep noon one sound alone, like the wandering voice of the cuckoo, smites on the ear. One knows how Wordsworth felt this last, how the invisible bird became to him only a voice, a mystery, till the whole world was taken ont of the region of sense and made as visionary as this herald of the spring— j O bkmed bird I the earth we ptoe i Again appeals to be ; As uasuntestia! fmy place, | TJwtli fit home for thee. It is an experience which often came to this poet as boy and man. .It marked his youth, as he tells us in one of his letters: it marked Ms manhood, and then be knew better what it meant Then he felt that when the earth grew unsubstantial in the hour of ecstacy it was to reveal the spiritual substance which lay within it, the life of the tiring God—the ineffable act and thought of God by which the universe consisted. He speaks of times The gross and visible frame of things Relinquishes its hold upon the sense, Yes, almost on the wind. itself, and seems All unsubstantialised. And the living soul communes directly with the living soul of Nature—spirit to spirit ghost to ghost" I Passages of.Jender thought and graceful exposition crowd hpon us, but. we have' qpoted enough to show the character of this volume of studies of a cultivated, thoughtful man upon the theology in some of the later English poets. i 