WHEN, under the amended Education Act, the system of payment by results comes into operation, the compulsory clause must, in justice to the teachers, also be enforced. Hitherto the com pulsory conditions of the Act have to a great extent been allowed to remain in abeyance, and the voluntary school system retained. But now that all the schoolspf the colony are about to be placed under one uniform system of payment-that by " results," it is but just to those whose means of live lihood must depend on the attendance of their scholars that every effort should be made to ensure that attend ance. The enforcement of the com pulsory clause may not altogether harmonise with an Englishman's notion of liberty, and much grumb ling on the part of parents will, no doubt, be the result. But the fact should not be lost sight of by these grumblers that the State offer very fairly to parents, and that the sacri fice they are are asked to submit to for their childrea's sake, is, after all nothing more than a parent possessed of the smallest regard for his or her offspring would cheerfully make. What is asked is that children shall devote five hours a day to preparing themselves for the great battle of life, and surely the parents who will not encourage their offspring to this ex tent, have not much parental feeling or pride to boast of. The fact is that parents ought to regard the Education Act in such a light that it should be a pleasure to them to make their child ren take advantage of its provisions., They should not require forcing to do this. No; compulsion should be needed on the one side, or pressure on the other; nor would there be any necessity for the enforcement of the compulsory conditions of the Act if parents only properly recognised the duty they owe partly to their children and partly to society. We say partly to society, because ignorance is a malady to -be dreaded far more than the deadliest of epide mics. The latter merely poisons andJ destroys the body; but the formeri starves, brutalises, and may kill the: mind. The offspring of parents who may have died of an epidemic disease may grow up sound, healthy, and ro. bust; but can we say the same of the shildren of the uncultivated? Is it not a fact thatithey degenorate-that] they become more coarse, brutal, and depraved even than their progenitors were ? Some of our readers will pro, bably recollect that passage in the "Christmas Carol" in whioh the ghost of Christmas Present shows SonooGS the figures of a boy and girl, "yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolfish; but prostrate, too, in their humility. Where graceful youth should have filled their features on: and touched them with its freshte;> tints, a stale and shrivelled hand, lika that of age, had pinched and twisted them and pulled them into shreds. Where angels might have sat en-. throned, devils lurked, and glared out menacing. No change, no degrada. tion, through all the mysteries oi won.'! derful creation, has monsters half so horrible and dread." The miser asked whose children they were. " They are Man's, t ainf the ghost. " and they cling to me appealing froom their fathers. This boy is Ignorance. This girl is Want. Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware of this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased." To comment on the brilliant novelist's impressive warning would be tolessen its force. We will only add that as a mere matter of sordid self-interest, society is bound to insist upon every child within its limits being instructed to a certain point; and as far beyond it as its means will allow. There is every justification, then, for legisla tion based on the principle of compul sory education. and Wa trust that the District Boards, with whom the en forcement of the obligatory clause lin-s, will see thatits provisions are carri d out, not only in justice to teacherny whose stipends under the result sya tem must in a great measure depend on the number and attendance of their scholars, but in justice to society at large. However unpleasant may be the discharge of such a duty, they are bound to carry it out to fruition, or confess themselves unworthy of the office to which they been elected. While treating of our Education Act, it may not be inopportune to re vert toa subject already .commented upon in these columns, for we belieav no improvement has taken place with regard to the matter then complained of. We allude to the lack of z3al, the culpable apathy and neglect on the part of ministers of religion in avail. ing themselves of the loophole afforded by the Act for the religious instruction of children attending the so-called Government schools. God less children are bound to make bad citizens, and though the Sabbath schools and churches are doing much to prevent the young being reared in this condition, they cannot be expec ted, by reason of the lapse of time bL- tween which they are:opened for tlI discharge of their duties, to make as steady an impression upon the minids of children as daily intercourse with them by ministers of religion must of sheer necessity accomplish. No inter. ference should take place during the school hours-indeed, the Educatiii Act expressly, and very properly, pro.-" hibits it; but it would be very easy, one would think, in every town or dis trict, for clergymen to arrive at an understanding, when each should at tend, after or before school hours, without in the smallest possible degree offending the religious scruples of any one or ether denomination. We scarcely see how ministers of religion can overlook so manifest a duty, but overlook it they do. Wrrx all due respect for our contem porary the I~nuirer we must say that there is a great deal of nonsense writ tenand talked respecting the deterisr ation of our horse stock We abtgir'i continually reminded that a remunera tive market exists in India for any number of horses we can produce, provided the sample is approved of; but that the horses of this and of the neighboring colonies have so degener ated from what it was twenty -year. ago that the good name t?. Austr lian animal once pos isi~i gone f.:r ever, and that our horses, being of an inferior stamp, are.in no demand. If this were true, it would really be a serious matter for consideration. We have, however, very grave doubts on- the subjet, and are inclined to think that the question is not one of supply and demand, bnt whether it will pay or not for us to send really first-class stock to India. Our belief is that it. will not pay, uut that at a price w can, if we like, supply an article eqaP--i to any that can be procured elsewhere, and that if a demand at remuneratir prices could b relied on, we should in a few years hear very little 4aout the deterioration of our horse at6ck. We believe that the kind of horse which is most in demand for India is the roadster, .under which general de finition may be included light harness horses, hacks, and ehargers. Now it is very easy to find out the average value of the above class of horses in this colony. We hear occasionally of equine specimens sold for 5s., and at the sales of unclaimed impounded horses it is quite a pro0f that suich an animal went.for a mere song; conse quently many persons run away, with the idea that our horses are for the most part misshapen, badly bred, weedy brutes, worth next to nothing, that they are a drug in the market. This is true only to a certain extent in that a great many badly bred and badly reared animals are constantly being disposed of at auction sales for any price. But even amongst some of these animals how often does the purchaser thank his stars for having picked up a bargain. -For anything of good shape and breed, young and sound, a certain piece is always forth comin, and, when broken in, a further value of course attaches to it. Horses suitable for the Indian market average prices here comparatively as remuner. ative as there. The fact is, indian buyers require a first-rate article at a comparatively imoderate figure. We could give them ::an article at the price they offer, if we were sure of finding a really market _.for it; but we cannot guarantee to give a first rate one. With the capa :bilities of this colony for horse-breed . ing, we could supply their market, Sand any other market, if it would pay to do so; and "there's the rub."' Western Australian horses are oc casionally shipped to India, and at the price for which they are sold, a very good sample they are. It might be improved upon, but not until better prices are offered, and can be relied on. Shipping horses to India is a risky speculation at any time, as many of our importers know to their cost. A " d margin must be allowed for profi~t aft~ei he first cost, when freight and charges are taken into consideration. True these are not so heavy from this colony, with its superior geographical position, as they are from the Eastern colonies. Of the advantages we pnssess in this respect so much hasbeen written and said, and truly, that we need not go further into it. All we can say to our Indian friends is-if they want . good blood and shape, with corres p.ndis bone and muscle, they must paytfoti. Let them offer a really re mnunerative price, and show us that there is an unlimited demand, and we will1 Sprovide them with what they want. OUR old friends at the North West are again without a medical man. Dr. Ryley who lately camne up from Roebourne, has accepted the appointment of medical officer at Champion Bay. THE investigation into the alleged defalcations by the late clerk to the Fre mantle Magistrate appears to be unusually lengthy. On the 28th ulto., the accused who is out on bail-was again before the bench, and at the close of the days proceed uings, was once more remanded for 8 days. Yesterday he was again brought up, and committed to take his trial for fraud, at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court. The amount of defalcation ascer. tained by the committee of investigation, amounts to £99 16s. THE gale experienced in the early part of the week seems to have been general along the coast. Advices from the Vasse inform us that between 9 and 10 a.m., on Tuesday last, the " Grace Darling," loading Srailway sleepers at Lockeville, parted her cable and went ashore. The cause of the disaster is said to have been a flaw in a link of the cable. But for this defect in her tackle, which no human foresight could have provided against, there is no doubt the vessel would have ridden out the gale in safety. From the position in which she is lying, and '-for.want of efficient appliances to haul off a vessel of over 100 tons burden, it is feared she willbecome a wreck. It is to be hoped lhowever, whlenslhe comes to be surveyed. that :-niegns may be found for getting her afloat, . and the colony saved from tile increased -prejudice against her ports, that would re from her condemnation as a wreck. 'THE weather during the week has been boisterous, causing considerable axiety to all connected with the shipping of the pc'rt. Early in the week the barometer gave indication of an impending change, Saand warned shlipmasters to make prepara tions for safety. On Tuesday it blew very hard in squalls, and the' Rose ' was placed in great jeopardy. She dragged her anchors until she was close upon tie South beach, above the watering jetty. A long warp was carried out to here, and it was thought she wouldl ride out the blow safely, but signals of distress were soon hoisted, the wasp hav ing parted. She gradually dragged on to bottom, thumping very much, and carrying :.away herrudder. Her owners determined .if possible to save her from beaching, and another warp was carried from the Pier buoy, to the ' lMand's ' moorings, and away to tthe' Rose.' By hanling on this warp, during a lull in the weather, the vessel was brought again into deep water. PUBLIC ENTERTAINMENT. -- Under this head the Rechabites of York gave a very pleasing entertainment to a very apprecia- \- tive audience, in the Mechanics' Hall, York, on Tuesday, 1st. Sept. The entertainment which consisted of some addresses on the subject of total abstinence, by the members of the flourishing ' Rose of York,' Tent I.O.R., varied by a few appropriate songs. The programme was as follows,-Opening ad- dress by tile chairman, Bro. P. P. Corrigan, followed by that fine song, " Come and join us," by the the company, which called forth thunders of applause; this song was fol- lowed by by a brief, but spirited address on 'the Order,' by the Tent Secretary, Bro. Boyd, who, amid much cheering resumed his seat, having made the audience acquaianted with the origin of the teetotal movement, -and the progress, and beneficial results of Temperance in general, and Rehabitism in particular. The song, " Ever of thee I'm fondly dreaming," was then beautifully ren- _dered by Bro. Corrigan, which was encored, \- Bro. Corrigan then favored the company with "--The maid of Argyle," which pretty little song was applauded loud and long. Bro. V. Birch, then spoke in an appropriate speech, of the benefits morally and physically which is ever to be derived from joining the noble army of water drinkers. Bro. Henry Wansborough, P.C.R., made some very ap jiropriate remarks on the topic of the night, and gave his personal experience as a proof that juni m:sy work through extreme heat and biting cold, and yet abstain from any stimulants. The song, "The lighthouse," was then given by Bros. Pyke, Boyd, and Sr. Pyke, to the tune of '" Rule Brittania," in a style which called forth the hearty ap plause of all present. After some observa tions by the Chairman. Bro. W. Marwick gave his testimony to the effect that he was much better off in pocket, and in every way since he joined the I.O.R. Bro. Pyke was then called upon, and in a speech of some length, clearlyjproved that any one was much better off who signed the pledge, and illus. tratee his own personal case as a clear proof of the same, After "The minute gun at sea," had been sung, and the Chairman was going to announce the next speaker, a slight stir was visible in the back end of the Hall (in the place usually occupied by the roughs and pe soz who are anxious to be heard withou ,"g scan) and a person of 'John Bull,' who was heard audibly to mutter, ' I think so,' was understood to have in his possession a bottle of brandy, to add spirit to the performers (if required), 1 am glad to say that the bottle turned out to contain water on being examined, when produced at the end of entertainment. The song" Water from the spring," was sung, and received applause. A vote (and a hearty one too) of thanks was then passed to the Chairman, and the meeting came to an end by the com pany singing the " National Anthem." The people then retired to come in again, and wind up with a ball, which lasted antil the : small hours, every one being evidently per. fectly satisfle?., thus proving that Rechabites can enjoy themselves thoroughly without keeping their spirits up by pouring spirits down.-Communicated. 