NOTE8 BY A SYDNEY MAN. ' August 19. Last evening tbo Hon. Homy Porkca addressed tbe electors of East - Sydney in tbo Victoria Thcatio. Tho large building was crowded in all parts. In tho dress circle wcro a number of ladies, Mr. J. L. Montctioro was voted to tho chair, and in tbo openiog remarks said it was%somo twenty years sinco bo proposed tbo nomination of Mr. Fnrkcs. Mr. Parkua, who spoke for over three longed applause. It Is twenty years ago on the . 2nd May last since ho wn9 first elected for tbc city of Sydney, and ho said bo did not think thero was a man in tbo country besides himself who repre sents a constituency which elected him twenty years ago. ' Tho speech is well worth rending, and will bo found fully reported in tbe S. M. Herald of the 19th August. Mr. Parkus will leave Sydney on Saturday next on a visit to Riverion, and will be absent from Sydney for about a fortnight ; bo goes via Melbourne. An important gold discovory is reported from Adctnide, nnd from tho satue place wheat is worth 5<. Cd., but tbo market is said to be exceedingly dull. A Mr. Thompson, of 221, Castlcrcagh-strcet, bad occasion previous to his departure for Mel bourne, lolb August, to burn n quantity of rubbish such ns usually collects at places of the kiud. Amongst tbo doomed d6bris was a. box left by a couple who stayed at the houso soino twelve months ago, nnd which hniUhecn removed into no outer yard pcoufco it wqjfluQengive. When ijs child wan found wrapped upioa pieco of red cloth. Information was given to the police, and the re mains wc(e seen by Dr. Egan, who cannot say whether tbey are those of a child that bad lived or not. Tho wotqnn wont to Brisbnne when eho left Mr. Thompson's House, nnd the man remained about a month after her. Tho polico will invest!- gato the matter. Two mco havo been imprisoned for a month and to bo kept at bard labour for playing at a game called " pitch and toss" in a public streot ; and James Howlctt has been arrested nt Melbourne on warrant from'Sydney, charged with aiding to pro cure abortion. Tho namo will be recollected in connectipn with tho Widow Welsh case. Howlott, it seems; was to bo married to tbo girl Phoebe Hanks, . ' A roal ghost bos been seen nt last, and is thus described in tbo Empire:—"! observed a . man's face about twico the size of an ordinary one. It bad a white night-cap on, tho eyes wcro open, the forehead, nose, mouth, nnd general features stood in bold outlino and clearly Acognizablo, tbo skin of tbe face was much shrivelled, and appeared like that of an old man. It bad stumps of arms from about tbo elbow, which were held erect, the legs were cut from above the thighs. It bad on a night-sbirt which came only to the loins." Some respectable caterers, for public amusement should, if possible, sccufb bin gbostsbip for exhibition. So soon as Blondin, .Mr. Parkes, and other thea trical stars and heroes have run tbeir course tho ap pearance of a real ghost would tnko like wildfire, nnd no doubt prove tbo greatest bit of tho season. It is to bo hoped he iu no rolation to tbe Kiarna impostur. W. J. Alcock, a teacher In tho Puhlio School, Glebe, died somewhat suddenly at bis residence on Monday night. Tbe frttber- iudaw of tho deceased was also not oxpcctcd to live, baving-takon a dose of tbe same compound ns is 6uppopcd to bavo caused tbe death of Alcock. The inquest has been adjourned, and the circumstances aro of a suspi cious character. Tho police are making enquiries. In tin ore Messrs. Mori and Co. say that tbo market for the week ending August 15th . con tinues firm at recent rates, whilo Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin write that oo pnblio sales bavo tsken place during tbe same period. Inquiries still continue, but, as might be expected from the last English telegram, prices are hardly so'high this week as last; still tho figures offered are in excess of prices obtainable for smelted tin. Ore of 70 per cont. and over may be quoted at 15s. 3d. to 15s. 4d. per unit. Our sales privately have - been 174 bags at £57 per ton. 8molted tin has fallen since last week, but owners prefer holding to accepting loWer rates. Thero ere btiyers In tho market at a reduction on last sales, but having dono ho business, it is difficult to fix quotations. Messrs. Btcbardson and Wroncb, on Tuesday last, report tho sale of a parcel of ingot tin at £85 per ton. Sales of cattle nnd sheep aro roportod dull during tbo week. Large bullocks, three to six years, aro tbo roost saleable, and bring from £4 15s. to £5 on Northern stations. Tbo larger pro portion of cattto offered in Sydney wero of vory medium quality, but good pens wcro competed fort realising 21s. to 22s. Cd. per 100 lbs., and 60 lbs. wethers 16s. Gd. to 17s.; 52 lbs., I4s. Store cattlo aro not in "demand, and purcbasors are expecting to buy at lowor rates, whilo far store sbeop some .little enquiry has been made,, but sales have not been reported. Drovers from all quarters complain of tbo late cold and wet weather nnd impassable roads. Tho horse market has been dull, with very fuw horses to band. The numerous applications by fomale servants, for town and 'country indicate an improved supply. A man named J. G. Creasy, a cook on board tho Moonta, at Ncwcastio, was killed on Monday night by tbo railway engine on tbo Great Northern Rail way. It appeared from tho ovideuco that the de ceased must have beon 6truck and carried along the lino some dUtnnou by tbo guard of the tonder beforo ho fell on tbo line, and tbe firoman feeling some obstruction under tho wbcel the oogiuo was revorsod, and the bodfBfaho deceased found nearly-, cut iu two. Crossy-had bceu drinking when last 6eeu alive. Tbo jury said the Government wero greatly to blamo for tbo daugorous statu of tho crossings at all limes. Tho Agricultural Show nt Singleton promises to be a great success, and tbo entries are said to be larger than-over. At u horso sale nt Melbourne on Tuesday, tho 18th iostaut, tho Arab Mabaraz sold for 750 guineas ; an imported thoroughbred, 500 guineas ; an imported draught entire, 600 guineas; aDd Young Clydo, 410 guineas'. Several others wero passed. . The attendance at tho Hawkesbury races on Saturday Inst nmouuled -to about 6000. Tho Hawkesbury Guineas, a good -prize, was won by Sir H. Robinson's Kingsborough. Tbo same owner had a horso placed third in the race. ' Tho next big race was won by J. Tail's Goldsborough. Twonty-tbreo horses started for tbdlast-mentioued race, aud tbe two miles was done io 3 minutes 40 seconds. ' The Governor and John Tnit wcro tho winners of the best races un Monday Inst. Tbo body of Dr. Bolinfanto was fouod in tho Cudgcgong on Sunday last, some distance from the scene of the accident. At tbe inquest tho Go vornment were censured, for not. having erected n bridgo years ago, on the' spot where tbo fatal ncci- deut occurred. Many lives have been lost about tbo place. A largo publio meeting of tbo frionds of a uniform system of national education, secular," compulsory, and free, was bold on Monday evening last, io tbo Mosonic Hall, and many of those who occupied scats in tbo ball were genttomon who are accustomed to take a deep interest in social ond educatioual questions. Mr. W. G. Belbridgo, lato of Brisbane, was one of tbe active speakers in the above movement. A meeting, woll attended, bos been held for tbe purposo of forming a " Discharged PriBonors' Act Society" on on uoscotarian basis. -Tbe object of tho society is to assist all discharged prisoners in thoir efforts to obtain- employment, and to afford tbem encouragement and protection io endeavour ing to retriove their position io society. An annual subscription of 10s. will constitute tbo membership; and Mr. C. A. W Lett is tho secretary. The quantity of gold received for coinage at tbo Sydney Miut, during tbo week ending August 15, was 55,157 ounces, und tho amount of coin issued for tbo same period, was 52,000 half-sovereigns. Tbe Stock und Share Market bus been more active, and Bank shares have had ft steady sale at ad. vuncing quotations. Tbe Queensland National bavo risen 2s. 6d., which spooks woll for that Institution. Tenders for the building of now Law Courts at Melbourno bavo been accepted, tbe prico being £21,700. It is stated that during tbo past two months 200 tramps, affecting to bo destitute, bavo solicited food at ono of the principal hotols at Deniliquln. £90,000 worth of land wnstAken up at Adelaide last month, end tho Pastoral Times of last issue, states that on tbe previous Thursday 6900 acres of Innd were taken up at tbe Deiiiltqain Land Ofiico, tbe selections being mainly in tho uumes of minors, nnd ubout equally divided between squat-, tern and unti-squatters. ; Tbo declared value of merchandise entered at tbe Sydney Customs duriug tbe week ending August 8, was £l50,2C2; exports for tbe same period, £259,775. The principal items of colonial produce in the latter were: — Gold, £193,416; copper, £11.586 ; tin, £4353; coals,. £1844; pre served meats, £375 ; maize, £1127 ; leather, £1096. Tho boot nnd shoo mnkors are following the good example of the drapers, and, at a meeting held on Thursday uight, in the Tcmpcraoco Hall, resolved that on and after Monday, tbo 24th instant, tbeir shops should close nt 8 p.m. Only two vniinut knights of St. Crispin bavo bruvedtbo fury of pnblhfe'piniou. aml.rofuuod to ctoso at so ftataMikSfrLh«&aadlLllck-iia;_ihQ_JhBt — as cobblers should— to the lost bour,- that is,' of the- night. ( . v » Parliament stands further prorogued until the loth September, and. I am open to a small bet- . that it won't meet until tbo awkward little. mail affair is put (H)all right. , It is said that Victoria exported last year woo! worth five and a bntf millions aterling. No wonder our cousins should have tbo reputation; of being excellent fleecers. Look out for tbem at tbo Hawkesbury mcot They ore here, and will.be there (writes Iha Evenma Post) in bwarroa. . - - j Tho copper smelting ond rcfiniog works, lately erected -at Bowenfols by Messrs. Lewis Lloyd and. Co., bavo already turned out 110 tons of refined metal, and by the timo thnt the weather settles, ' and the roads are moro easily traversed, tbe quan tity smelted per wook will bo considerably in creased. . A melancholy and ffatal boat accident took place, . , lb the harbour on the afternoon of Friday last,.. . causing tho death of two men, Commander Gowl. land, R.N., ond Henry G. Petersen. Commander Gowllund will be remembered by the Queensland peoplo as tbo officer' in charge of the Eclipse' expedition, and also in charge of the steamer' ' GovernorBiackall, when sent after tbo Ill-fated Ii Maria. v When the body; of» Commader Gowlland was recovered, strange to say, in his pocket was. ; found a policy of life insnrauco for, £1000 effocted j only eight days beforo. Tbo deceased had ft very largo funeral, Includiog many of the leading citizens, nnd officers and men of our defence force ' of nil arms, as. woll as a largo muster of officorstof ' H.M.S. Pearl. , . 4 