THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN AGAINST A VICTORIAN FIFTEEN Up to half-past eleven thoro wore very few people indeed ou the ground, and those mem- bers of tho club , who wero strolling about did not ecem to think the attendance would oven compare with the vory moderate ouo of yesterday. Probably if the VictorianB can put down the remaining Kngliah wickots for a modorato number of inns, so as to give an off chance to the dolonials on tho " off day," tho attondanco may improve : but at present, tho " Leviathan" being disposod of, and tho Englishmen being wolt in for apparently a satisfactory, though moderate innings, ourioaity is s tisfied for tbo time, and it really looks as though cricket is gotting played out, as many poople assort, so far as our visitors aro concerned. Towards 0110 o'clock there wore about as many people on the ground as tbero were present ycetcrdny. Tho weather hadturnedout a regular English cricketing day, with a cool breeze blowing.' The grand stand and por tion of- the ground set apart for the elite, wore vory sparingly patronised, and it was jocosely rcmarkod that there wore more llage ou the grand stand than there were people in it. Neither was the:.'a much of a number of members present at any pnrt of the morniog's play, a general air of in difference boiug manifested until M'intyre began to score, when biB style of hitting led many to anticipate another een- eation innings, and his stylo of commence, ment fully justified the gonoral anticipation. Tho Fifteen, during the early portion of tho morning, fielded remarkably well, but the want of good change bowling in their team was often painfully apparent ; and Sam, as usual, was kept pegging away whon a spell might have proved vory beneficial to mm. ene .languBumon, eitnor in cnau or earnest, seemed confidant of a long innings, as Jupp was heard to remark that he " didn't expect to be wanted to- day." As M'Intyre's innings progressed is becamo evident that be meant business, and his fine, free, Btylo of hitting was universally admired. He oaused a change in the bowling, James going on in place of Kendall. M 'In tyro was shortly attorwards bowled by Sam Cosstioki amidst great applause, having playod a very free innings of twenty-seven. It was men tioned ou the ground that Mr. B. S. Golds- brough, in accordance with his action with the two last English elevens, will entertain tho English team to-morrow night, at supper, at the Criterion Hotel. .. THE GAUE. At half-past eleven Mr. W. G. Grace sang out to R. Humphrey to ring the bell. In the interim both teams had been praatis- ing, the Englishmen especially, bar the captain and Bush, going in lor batting exer cise. Bush seemed to consider a quiet weed preferable to a preliminary display of his remarkably finished style of batting, while W. U. Grace had evidently enough cricket bottled up to warrant him in dispensing with a " trial gallop." G. F. Grace and Oseroft, however, in. particular were going in heavily, hitting the ball about iu every direction keepiug it well down, and seeming to pro' misu the colonials a square day's leather-hunt, ing. The usual detachment mounted troopers arrived half an hour before play time to keep the ground , but their duties were a sineenro so far as tho attondanco was at that time ooncerned. W. G. Grace seemed to be keeping watoh over his chickens before piay uuuiui'jouuu, abureu la tuaw ruuiaiitauio thunder and lightning, or more correctly speaking, tiger Btriped coat, uow so well known on our cricket fields. At twenty minutes to twelve the field was taken by the Victorians, and the preliminary score sent np— G. F. Grace— Oseroft— 4— 17 — 69 "Thero were not even enough present to raise a cheer far the colonials on taking the field, which they did, partly dismayed, but not quite defeated. G. F. Graco and Oseroft immediately followed ; one of the field in troducing tho novelty of a cigar whiltrtaking his post. Sam Cosstiok commenced the bowling ; bis first and second ball played by G. F. Grace, ditto the third, but the fourth was a leg bye. Kendall bowled at the other end, tho fielding lx-iug fair. Over to Kendall, maiden. Ditto to Cosstick, the ground being well covered by the field. Kendall, who was bowling in far better form than yesterday, was mostly on the spot, and both batsmen found it difficult to take liberty with his trundling. Oid Sam seemed also in fine form, as he now bowled another maiden over, Watson (of Bnllarat) fielding remarkably well. Another maiden over to Kendall, tho batsmen playing remarkably steadily. A maiden by Cosstiok, and the bowling and fielding muoh admired. In the next over, however, G. F. Grace got a neat two in the slips off Kendall, and the remainder of the over finished without scoring any more. Tho second ball of Sara's uoxt over Grace was caught off a bumb ball at short log, but not the ghost of a laugh was raised. Maideu to Cosstiok ; Oseroft then got one, a good hit, smartly fiolded by Murray. Another maiden to Cosstiok, who was doing remarkably well in tbo trundling line. G. F. 1 Grace then got Kendall away for ono, and ' another next ball, to leg. Off Sam's next over ho drove the first for one, Oseroft at tempting ditto, but the fielding provod too good for him. Graoe'then slippsd Kendall . for one (skying it), and Osoroft did tho same thing next ball ; but in eaoh case there was no ono near enough to reaoh it, | Osoroft, however, failed to score for this hit. G. F. Graosthon hit Sam to leg for two (a very fine clean hit), 4—17—80 up. No im provement in tho sttendauoo up to this time. Oiorott got Kendall to square leg for one— a close shave of a run out over it — and then CI. F. Grsco got a splendid snick off tho same bowler for throe, causing applause. Two wern then got by Osoroft off Kendall, aud Grace then got Ssm away for one. Ken dall then magnifioontly oauglit and bowled G. F, Graoe, amidst loud oheers. The bats man, who had played a very fine innings, was applauded as ho rotired. Score, 5—40 88\. M'intyre was the next man to show. oTho secind ball from Kendall, M'Tntyro hit through the palings for four. Score 5—40—90. Tho next ball he out to log for ono. Over, Tho first ball from Sam was beautifully snioked by M'Intyro for two, and the next out for three. Tho next ball, off Sam, M'I.ityre hit to square log for one, and he seemed to have quite collared the howl ing. Kendall now had unother shy at him and Mao sent his saoond ball to log for one. 5_40— 100. Mac then took a maideu over from Sam ; and thon hit Kondall for four to the oltaios. The uext ball wont into Gold- smith's hands, very difficult, after touching the ground. " Goldie " couldn't hold it, and Mffntyro scored ono. Oneroffe sonmed to think it was his mate's day out, and contented himself with playing the balls wbiuh fell to his share. A maiden over to Sam, and then Oicroft lot out, getting ono for a drive off Kendall, tbe last ball of bis over. ( )no was thon run for a hit by Oseroft off same. Next ball Osoroft was beautifully caught by Cooper at point Loud cheering. 6—11 — 107. and tho game looking healthier for the Victorians R.Humphrey followed, the bcttiug boing level about the Englishmen getting 150. Ho com menced with ono off Kondall's lust ball of tho over. Koudall a maiden to M'Intyro off Sam's noxt. Humphrey added two to his score for a nice hit to square-log, bringing 110 — the score of tho Victorian fiftion — to tho board, amidst applause. M'intyre thon made a brace off Kendall, and Cosstick's next was a maiden to Humphrey. From the first of Kendall's, M'intyre, who was playing freoly, niado a single. Humphrey then made a brace for a ball in the slips. Off Sam's next M'Intyro etolo a single for a drive, tho ball being stopped, but not picked up by the bowlor. Off Kendall's noxt M'lutyro got a single for a pretty out, bring ing his score up to twenty, and Humphrey also scored one. Off Sam's next Humphrey scored two, ono rnn being lost through Kendall fumbling the ball, this brought 120 up. Off Kendall's next M'Intyro mado a couple, the ball being again fombled. and alsa a single. Off Cusstick'a uext M 'Intyrn made a olip, the ball goinn to tho fence, and adding four to tho sore. The last few ovors having been punished, a chnugo in the bowling was deemed advisable, and F. Janus took Kendall's place. Off his first over Humphrey mado a couple, Sam CosBtick's next over proved fata! to to M'intyre, who having made a desperate swipe at a trimmer, beard his timber rattle, had to retire for tho very creditable sooro of twenty-seven, splendi ily put together, his hitting genorally being safe and froo. Tho telegraph showed 7—27 — 129. Lilly whito thon facod Cosstiok, and took tho last hall of the over without acoring. Hum- phrey scored one off James next, bringing 130 up. Cosstick then pat iu a maiden, two halls of the over nonplussing Humphry, Lilly whito mado a single off Jamos, and treated Cosstiok in a Bimilar manner, and again did ditto to James. Cosstick trundled a maiden to tho English bowlor. Tbe scor- ing for somo time paBt had been slow, to vary the monotony Humphrey cut one off Jamos for four ; and Lillywhitu followed suit, by driving Cosstiok for a brace. Off JameB's next numpurey got a single, nringing ono hundred and forty up ; and Lillywhito nddod three to the score. Lillywhito then got a single off Ci'stick, a okaugo bowler being much needed, but as yet apparently not to be found good enough in the Victorian team. At last, however, Alexander relieved James, and bowled a maiden his first over. A maiden to Sam also ; and then Lillywhite got one off Alexander. R, Humphrey got a Bin i! 1 0 snick noxt bait from samo bowlor ; ;Som, a maiden to Humphrey ; Lillywhite then drove Alex ander for t.wo. The field thon adjourned for refreshment to the pavilion, remaining for a fow minutes. On their return, shortly after ono o'clock, Sam Cosstick resumed the bowl ing, and Lillywhite skied a ball off him for a single, which none of tbe field could reaoh. One was then got off Alexander by Lillywhite, and Sam's next over to Humphrey was a maiden. Two runB wern got offSamby Hum phrey, tho ball well fielded by Goldsmith, Lillywhite off Alexander, one, 150 up. A single to Lillywhite off Sam's, and then two to Lillywhite off Alt xander. One to Hum phrey, off Cosstiok. Bowline inferior, and batsmen apparently sot. Lillywhite three for a cut off Sam, bringing 160 np. Humphrey got a fine cut for three immediately after, off Cosstiok, amidBt applause. One to Lillywbilo off Sam's next over, and then Wyndhnm reliovod Alexander, His oooimd ball was hit for four by Lillywhite by a splendid drive. Gibson fielded the next ball of Sam's well, bat failed to send it in as smartly, and Humphrey scored one just after off Sam. A maidon to Wyndham ; ditto to CoRStick, another to the former ; two to Lillywhite through bad (i-alcing, off Sam. Another maiden to Sam ; four for a drive off Cosstick by Lillywhite, another a snick to the same batsman off Cos stiok for one, Sam evidently badly requiring a spell, as well ho might, having beau on from the firBt. Two to Lillywhite. off Wynd ham, the ball beiDg very badly fielded One to Humphrey, off Sam, for a ball hit through the bowler's lingers, and then a fine out by Humphrey off Wyndham for two, followed by a splendid drive for one off Cosstiok by Lillywhite, whon lunch tiino arrived, the score standing as follows :— VICTORIAN FIFTEEN. FirBt Innings . . ... 110 ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. FIRST INNINGS. W. G. Grace, 0 Loughnin, b Kondall ... S Jupp, b Alexander 17 Greenwood, b Cosstiok 1 Gilbert, run out ... 11 G. F. Grace, o and b Kendall 40 Oseroft, c Cooper, b Kendall 11 M'intyre, b Cosstiok 27 Lillywhite, not out 37 Humphrey, not out ... 26 Sundries ... 4 Total, with seven wickots down 182 