MEMOIRS OF AN AUS TRALIAN POLICE OFFICER. ' [fHOM THE "AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL.' MTYSTERY AND MURDER. In Tasmania ten years ago I met with an adventure of so singular a character that it lias been the subject of much thought during my leisure hours in the intervening space of time, the more so as the mysterious portion of it remains unexplained to this day. One evening during one of the "winter months I was seated in my quarters in Ho bart Town, engaged in making- memoranda of my day's occupation, when a gentleman who bad requested to see me was shown into the apartment. Although he bad not the slightest knowledge of me, I recognised him at once. It was Mr. Longmore, a mer chant of Hobart Town, and one who had the character of being a steady, worthy, acd withal wealthy gentleman. He was a widower, the father of one only daughter, and resided on the outskirts of the town, in a handsome residence situated very near to that part of the Derwent .which bears the name of Sullivan's Gove; in fact, its waters rippled at the bottom of Mr. Longmore's own-grounds. " I have the pleasure of speaking to Mr. , the detective officer, I believe," said he after having at my invitation seated him self. " Yes," I replied, " and you may spare vourself the trouble of introducing yourself, Mr. Longmore. I have the honor of knowing you well by sight as well as by reputation." " Well, I suppose I need not be surprised at your recognising me," replied he with a staid smile, " although I do not recollect having ever met you before, but it is quite in your vgy to be observant." " It is sir, and now in what way can my present services avail you ?" I could not help noticing that the gentleman looked uneasy and hesitant, and not at all so easy in his manner as I should Tiave expected to find a man so conversant with the world as Mr. Longmore. " I scarcely know what to say to you, 3Ir. ," he said, shifting uneasily upon his chair. " I came with the purpose of disclosing to you something so extraordinary and singular as to be scarcely creditable, and now I am doubly inclined to fear that its very singularity may occa sion doubts in your mind as to my judg ment or want of common sense." " You need not be at all afraid, Mr, Longmore," I responded encouragingly, "that I shall draw any false inference from any com munication that you may do me the honor of making to me in confidence. Your well known character as agentleman of clear judg ment and sound common sense is a sufficient guarantee that any information you may give me, or communication you may make, will be well worthy of attention." " Thank you f replied he, " but in this matter I am positively afraid that my ordinary judg ment is at fault, but if you can afford me time, I will relate the circumstances, and allow you to form your owft opinion upon the matter." Of course, I signified my readiness, nay anxiety, to listen, and Mr. Longmore commenced thus:— " My bouse is, as I dare say you know, at the side of the suburbs, quite near to the river. I reside in it with my only daughter and three servants, one male and . two females. The house has an upper story, and the front windows are French ones, and all open into the grounds; the back part of the establishment, stables, y»rds, &c.;, being separated from the gardens by a high stone wall. Into the back yard the kitchen and ordinary apartments open, so tbat unless through the house itself no communication can be held by any of the servants with the pleasure grounds in front, unless, indeed, thev were to go down and approach by the river. I tell you all this, so that you may be in the same position as I have found my self, as to tlie possibility of finding a natural solution of the singular difficulty which I am about to relate to you. The door of communication between the front and the back portions of iny house I am particularly careful to secure every night myself, my early residence in the colony having made me very cautious in guarding . against surprise of any land, and my daugh ter's safely is, of course, of more moment flian mj own, so that I am even more care ful in these matters than I might have been. This night week I had retired at my usual hour, or perhaps a little later. . Every thing was quiet, nly daughter as well as the servants having some time before sought their sleeping apartments. It was a wild, dark night, but as I have always been in the habit of burning a lamp all night my room is of course lighted, although dimly. I had been for some time asleep when I awoke, but what awoke me I cannot say. The first think, however, upon which my eyes rested was a form—a figure, or the semblance of one. It was standing at the foot of my bed, and was that of a female. At first I ■was not alarmed, the idea that it was my daughter having immediately suggested itsllf; so I raised myself upon my elbow for the purpose of inquiring if anything was the matter. As soon as I did so I at once perceived that the face was a stranger to me. The figure was a slight and not tall one, attired in a white robe, and there was a horrible expression of terror in the white features, whose deathlike pallor was in creased by the contrast presented by the longest and heaviest black hair I ever eaw, and which lvung in a mass over her left breast, and rcached down to her knees. Her dress was of some silken material, for I heard it rustling, and down over the whole of the front, and also upon the large, loose sleeves it was absolutely clotted with blood." Here the narrator stopped, apparently quite overcome with the bare recollection of the scene that he had been describing, and I must confess tliat I could scarcely repress such emotion being felt by a person of Mr. Longmores sense and experience, about such a piece of absurdity, and I dare say he read the expression of my feelings in my face, for he remarked, " I can scarcely feel surprised t^it you should be inclined to treat the matter as a joke, Mr. ; it is a very singula - story to relate, and I do not cxpect jou. to give it credence without proving its truth yourself." " Ohf I hope, sir," I ii;stined to observe, "that you do not suppose for a moment that I doubt your veracity, only to my professional mind the apparition looks very like a hoax which someone is playing off upon yon; but if you will continue your narrative of the facts we can talk of these things afterwards/' " I have very little to add. The appearance which I have described has visited me every night since, in spite of faeienei doors and window?, each night waving its hand impatiently as if desiring me to follow.r " And you never followed ?" " Xo! 1 must confess that I felt too horrified to at tempt moving while the figure stood so im mediately in my vicinity. I felt frozen to the bed as it were; indeed, I assure you it j-E a fearful sight!" " Will you permit me to inquire seriously, Mr. Longmore, are you at all superstitious ?" " In -thi sense in which you, mean, I am not superstitious. If I met with anything so singular in ^ ap pearance as to be quite beyond the ordinary run of natural events, before setting it down to be supernatural or apparitional I should certainly do my utmost to find a natural cause or causes for it, as I have done in this instance; failing in that, however, I am ready to acknowledge that there are ' stranger things iD heaven and earth than 'are dreamt of in our philosophy.' Still, had I been as really superstitious as you appear to think me, I should not have been here to ask your more practical assistance in trying to unravel this mystery. " Well," I replied laughingly, "I am certainly inclined to feel certain that we shall easily prove this visitation not to be one from a spiritual kingdom; for, indeed, Mr. Longmore, I do not believe in ghosts !" " Of course, be cause you have never seen one." I did not reply to tj^is observation of my viator, as I could easily perceive his nerves had been much effected, and without wonder cer tainly ; the appearance of such a figure in one's bedroom night after night, in spite of locks and bolts, was enough to shake any persons judgment; nevertheless I had not the slightest doubt that the professional cunning upon which'I prided myself would expose the trick of some conspiracy, formed, I had a confidence, for no good purpose. " Have you mentioned this to any one Mr. Longmore?" "No, I have not; I was afraid of alarming my daughter; and I do truly hope that you will be able to get to the bottom of it. The very knowledge of such an unaccountable visitation, such a horrible appearance, being night after night in the immediate neighborhood of my un suspecting girl, is almost overwhelming me. What steps will you take ?" I considered for a moment before I replied, and then I mentioned my intention x>f spending that veiy night in Mr. Longmore's bedroom. " Gould you get me in without anyone sus pecting you had a visitor?" I inquired; " and could you manage to let me occupy your room in secresy also ?" "Oh! easily! Mention an hour when you will be at the side entrance info the garden, and I will admit you myself. It is quite usual for me to smoke a cigar near the river after dusk." And so we made suitable arrangements, and Mr. Longmore left me. I sat down then and considered the matter on all sides. What object couLjl any one have in thus acting the ghost in the bedroom of a man of Mr. Longmore's well- knowngptrength of mind ? Indeed, from what I knew of that gentleman's character, I was much surprised at the weakness he had shown in connec tion with this matter, the earthly, and I had no doubt criminal, nature of which only wanted a little keen sighted perse verance to be proved. As to ghosts, and entrances effected without any existing means of ingress or of egress, bah! it was all fudge. My intention, in the first place, was to see, if possible, this singular appari tion, and while doing nothing more than simply affecting to be the ordinary occupier of Mr. Longmore's bed for the night, to make all the use of my eyes that I possibly could, and be aided at any further attempts at unravelment by my observations. Well, at the appointed time I was conducted by Mr. Longmore into his bedroom, and the servants having retired as well as Miss Longmore, I was at liberty to examine the room at leisure. The apartment was a good sized one, perhaps sixteen feet by twenty-two, and had two large French windows that opened on a verandah which ran along the front of the house. These windows consisted each of a single sheet of plate glass in handsome mahogany frame work, and faced directly the Derwent, called, as I have before mentioned, at that spot Sullivan's Gove. With its head against the wall, opposite to the windows, stood a large elegant bedstead, with a canopy at the head, from which depended rich damask curtains, which curtains, however, only formed a shelter to the head of the bed stead, leaving the foot entirely unprotected. On the right hand of the bed was the door opening into a dressing-room that commu nicated with the other portion of the esta blishment, and at the wall at the left hand was the toilet and its appliances, upon which stood a deeply shaded night lamp. There was also a chimney in the room, but as the grate was one of the stove descrip tion I did no| trouble about it. It was evi dently too small to admit of any personifi cation of a ghost whatever. As I did not care to be seen at the windows that night, and, besides, as I had no wish to prevent the spirit from gaining entrance, I left the doors and windows entirely to Mr. Long more's inspection, taking his word for it that they were fastened as usual. After this was all right we seated ourselves beside a table, where my entertainer had taken care to have refreshments, and after having each partaken of a glass of wine, I lit my cigar, begging my host to excuse my invariable practice before retiring. It had not escaped my keen observation that the gentleman on whose behalf I had volun teered to encounter a ghost had shown in dubitable signs of a mind ill at ease ever since he had ushered me into his house, and taking advantage of the wreaths of smoke that soon curled up between my lips, I watched him as he sat opposite to me more closely than I should otherwise have had an opportunity of doing. He was gazing down at the floor, and occasionally sipping his wine an an abstracted manner, with a thoughtful and troubled expression upon his face, but looking up once, and encoun tering my eyes steadfastly, and I suspect j searchingly, fixed upon his countenance, he! became re<l and pale by turns, and at length' addressed -me hurriedly. " I am afraid, Mr. | , that I have done wrong in this busi ne- s, as I have given you trouble in the matter, I think. I believe I should bare told you everything." " Certainly, Mr.! Longmore," was my reply; " if you seek my professional services in this business, I think I have a right to know everything: which you know yourself "iu connection with it." " It is true—it is quite true, and! yet I think you will make allowance for my disinclination to speak of this circumstance. There are some things of the past so pain ful that I may be excuse;} if I feel a dis-1 inclination to allude to them." " Well, I can only say, sir, that if you regret having at all'mentioned the subject to me, forget that you have done so, and nobody shall be the wiser for ms at any rate." " No, no I you quite mistake me. I am anxious to tell you at once what I should have in formed you before, and th#t is simply that —Jiis—tbis apparition fears the semblance of one with whom I was too well acquainted." " May I ask of whom ?" " My wife " Your wife ?" -I exclaimed, and then checked myself at. once, as the cause of Mr. Longmore's awkwardness and evident trouble of mind flashed before me at once, j I now remembered having heard it great! deal of gossip about this" said wife. She had eloped years before from this very house j in a most disgraceful manner, and with a, most disgraceful and low rascal. Of course, I respected my host's feelings now, and felt sorry that anything should have occured, with which I had any connection to bring the memory of the transaction again before him." " And you think that the figure re sembles'that person?" I inquired. "It is herself!" was the determined reply. " Well, I must say that I think it very likely that it is. What more probable than that she should be acquainted with some outlet from this room which you do not know?" Mr, Long-more shook his, head. " It is not her alive" he said. " Do you then really and positively believe that this visitation is a supernatural one?" I inquired in much surprise. "I do; I am| willing that every means of discovery should j be tried, but when you have seen it I think j you will acknowledge that I must believe it is supernatural!" This was very positive | and very singular to me. That any man in • these days of enlightment, and possessed of! his full allowance of brains, should insist upon the existence of a ghost—if I am not making a "bull" in so saying—was aj matter beyond my comprehension, and as I turned into Mr. Longraore's stately bed after that gentleman had taken up his quarters on a couch in the dressing-room, I am afraid I allowed myself to consider for a moment how long in sill probability it was likely to be before this far-seeing merchant should become the inmate of some asylum, where the beds would not be half as soft or the rooms so luxurious as were the one which I occupied as the tenant temporary of this "haunted house." I had not re moved my clothes, and my revolver lay, handy; indeed, since the last communica tion of my host I had fully made up my mind to bring the matter to a determina tion that very night. This ghost, be it as aetive as it liked, would have to use all Tts supernatural power to enable it to escape from my clutches, for I had no doubt that I should succeed in "grabbing" the late Mrs. Longmore before she had time to in *voke the powers of darkness, or find her usual mode of egressl An officer of ten years' experience in the detective force Was not born yesterday! And so I lay think ing over things quietly, hour after hour striking upon the ornamental clock that , stood upon the mautlepiece until it was half-past one. (To be continued.') 