v|j OUR PARLIAMENTARY MEN. 11 No. IX. jig tee hon. duncan gillies. Perhaps there is no civilised nation on ngS the earth more ' proud of its form of g» government than Great Biitain, and not 9B without good reason. Snccceding gene- SB rations have added some progressive n emendation, or lapped off some, excre- M scence. Constitutional government has m therefore assumed a consolidated form. H resting upon a solid basis not to be HB easily disturbed or nprooted. One of B» tbe best features of our system is that it ||» admits of the genius of the nation coming iSgto the front, more especially in those «| governments which are offshoots of the |» parent stem — such as the colonial go- iggveromenis of Australia. Ill That there exists in this world do good without its attendant evil lias been the lis universal experience of mankind, and aB one of the principal adverse elements, 9| preventing complete success in the gBworkiug of parliamentary government, is SB the undeniable fact that so large a num- Igglber of men — from various causes — enter IsBpublic life, who not only have no speci- l||alitv, either natural or acquired, hut faggon the contrary, are destitute of any qualification whatever commensurate Hwith the duties incidental to the position Hgof lawgiver, which, aspirants to public lllf honors either assume or have thrust upon Sthem. The latter class is the greatest HMpuzzle. Those who have greatness ii&thrnst; upon them, men who have given HjSno sign, or shewn the slightest aptitude gaffor public life, are pushed into the fore- iifinost rank, supposed to possess some fflBinliereut, hnt undiscovered virtues or ISqualities, which, like latent heat, requires |||much hard friction before it can Le ex- nfiracted nnd made to shine. However, fflfchat which was taken to be true steel, IRoften turns ont. to be but dull lead and n although struck with the hardest flint, » emits no spark. II The business of a politician caunot bo ||i acquired iu the same way in which a ||| mechanic learns a trade — hv repetition III merely — until from force of habit even If the veriest dullard may become to some 1® extent efficient. Neither can politics be It reduced to an exact science, or Govern- gf ments would not fall, and powerful H nations would not decay. The whole ja business of Government is tentative and H speculative. Any aspirant to public life H to be a good and useful politician, must H possess sound judgment, he a quick and m logical thinker, able readily to solve pro- |g blems which present themselves in various H and unknown forms. He must have |H courage and forecast so as to be at all uptimes prepared to meet and counter- is balance the vis inertia resulting from the gjjg combination of the unthinking and un- H reflecting numbers led on by men whose || only aim is to displace a Government H and to reign instead. Opposition move- if ments, insidions perhaps, or possibly H sincere,, must be met, and if possible, H neutralized with skill and patience, H with promptitude and firmness, or this H deadweight may produce — and frequently S does produce — most disastrous and per il mcious effects upon the plans of advanced 1 and competent administrations. I The old and the new school of politics I are widely different. To effect political I reiorm, even when demonstrated as I urgently necessary, was the work of a I couple of generations. In the days of I the Stuarts aDd the Georges one dominant I idea was sufficient capital for a long I political life. The leading politicans I made themselves authorities upon some I particular topic. Like the magician of I old. the public man performed his in- I cantations in a prescribed circle, out of I which he rarely ever ventured. The I grand political battles fought over "the I great Reform Bill, CatholicEmancipation, 1 the Repeal of the Corn Laws, and I kindred important measures produced. | Heroes identified with each movement S who were generally unheard of except in a connection with the questions which en- 1 gaged their whole and undivided attention. 8 Between the old school and the new i there is as much difference as there is in | the velocity of the high pressure steam I engine upon the smooth iron way, and | the speed of the old lumbering coach I which dragged its slow length along upon I the ante Macadamite roads. I If a public man would maintain a I position in the front rank, he must move I and think with the populace, .and he I must understand and be prepared to I address them in the language iu which I they think and reason. There are men who I live entirely in the past. Like the I Spiritist mediums, they live among the I ghosts of departed statesmen, of whose I sayings and doings they compile their | political creed. They make no effort to I deal with the present, or to provide for f the future. " Analogy of the past is the I prophecy of the future;" Enid one of our I best, if not the most profound of thinkers. I To examine into the causes of success or I failure of governments, as a chemist I .analyses natural productions for the pur- I pose of producing new and useful com- I binations and harmony from seemingly I discordant elements, is perhaps the I noblest work in which the human intel- I lect can he engaged. The chemist does I not, the politician -must not stand still, I but must combine the past, the present, I and — as far as human prescience can 1 determine — the future. The public man | who has faculties which enable him to I read the signs of the times, and industry I to exercise such talents in matters poli- I tical, is the true statesman, f Equally useless in his day and gene- e ration is the man who lives in a future of his own designing ; whose speculative ' philosophy — founded upon false premises and adventitious politics — holds him outside, and ont of sight of the work-a- day world. He is just as devoted to the new, untried, and problematical, as others alluded to are to the good old times. Either clas3 is not only useless, hut mis chievous — -the marplots on the political' stage. So far as we have gone in this colony — young as it is, comparatively — we have produced some able men, of whom we may be proud. Men endowed by uatnre with the exceptional talent which fits them well for the high and responsible position of legislators. The Hon. Duncan Gillies may be fairly placed in the foremost rank of our public men— a position he has won by his ability alone, and an independent exer cise of his own judgment. He com menced his career in a good school, as a, member of those institutions which were established upon the- goldfields for the purpose of making laws for the regulation and. government of gold mining opera tions, at a time when want of experience rendered every step taken purely tenta tive — he obtained an insight into the business of legislation, which has pos sibly since been of some value to him in his higher aims. Having mixed upon an equality with those over whom he now rules, he possesses a knowledge of tli9 colonists and the resources of the colony, which but few men who obtain distin guished positions have. Although a really good speaker and having at all times tiie ear of the House, the Hon. Duncan Gillies prudently ab stains from speaking until he has some thing to say worth listening to. He has the power of concentrating facts and saturating his mind with his subject. Ha measures its length and breadth. Ha prepares his speeches with a sort of mathematical precision and with a full recognition of the axiom that the whole contains all its parts. When his speech is concluded he has exhausted his pro position and placed a corollary in the hands of the House. His exposition of the railway policy and local government amendment traversed the whole question in each case and did not iu either— as lawyers say — travel ont of the reeprd. He has naturally a voice which fills — without apparent effort — the Legislative Chamber. His articulation is clear and good, bis pronunciation careful. In style, he has, perhaps, rather too much of the monotone and at times has a tinge of the didactic. He evidently studiously avoids violatiug the acknowledged rules of grammar, indulging in solecisms or shing. He has a sufficient power over language and an adequate supply of words at command, to enable him to ,iiv ss his ideas in a pleasant and agreeable manner, neither outraging go» al tuste by a gaudy display of mere word spinning or wearying his listeners with prosy dullness or slovenly iii-constructed sentences. Perhaps his style of speaking — as with his dressing — may be best described by the word — m at. Although there is a prim and natural grace in his diction and at times flashes, which deserve to he termed elo quence, he does not seem to have studied — or if he has— not to have completely mastered so as to have them at command the grace and elegance, with which mellifluous judiciously managed inflection, and well rouuaed periods invest public speaking. Simple and common place sentences — plain — unor- namented by high soundiug words, often mistaken for eloquence, delivered with due regard to the laws of elocution, will often persuade and convince, where dif fuse verbosity fails even to attract atten tion. Just as a simple air faithfully rendered by an accomplished musician, falls upon the ear with delightful effect, which, played by an untutored or im perfectly instructed performer, however great bis natural ability, would if not altogether — fail to please — perhaps be regarded as a worthless composition. In politics the Hou. Duncau Gillies has invariably leaned to the liberal side, without lending himself to the extrava gant notions of the ultra-democrat, who is every thing by turns, and nothing long. His expressed ideas on trade and com merce were, that national interchange of trade should be as free and unfettered as the exigencies of the state will admit. The force of numbers, however, com pelled men holding such opinions to place them in abeyance for a time at least. Gillies has been blamed for taking a place in a Government administering a protectionist policy. But the questiou of adoption of a free trade or protec tionist policy was not then a moot point. A majority inside and outside the House — whether right or wrong — had declared in favor of protectionist views, and the tariff as carried by the dominant party, was bound to he left to its operation until either its truth or fallacy should become manifest by experience. If moved, true opposition would bo not only useless hut unwise, then those freetraders who " remain the same opinion still," will be enabled to put forth their views with tenfold force. .In manner the Hon. Duncan Gillies— upon slight acquaintance — appeared supercilious and ill-natured. His de tractors said of him that he was affected with a morbid, offensive pride, that he assumed a haughty and arrogant bearing, which neither his antecedents nor position warranted. These assumed defects in his character were industriously circu lated, and doubtless magnified by politi cal opponents, with a persistency which toldmuch to his disadvantage. Doubtless, it requires great tact on the part of a public man to avoid the extremes either of familiarity which breeds contempt, and hauteur that begets dislike and creates enemies. It does not appear that Gillies possesses that tact iu a very high degree. However, if he does not afflict manners which are not natural to him, and will not stoop to flatter where he does not respect, his abilities will always secure for him a place in the front rami. He is one of our parliamentary men who must — while he desires it — hold a seat in our Parliament. Few men apparently take the world easier than the Hou. Duncan Gillies. He can perform the duties incidental to his position with ease. He knows what he has to do, and does that well. He does not pretend to deal with every subject that turns up, as some of our parliamentary men do, and fail in consequence. To be famous in public life it is better to know every thing of something, than something of everything. The man who thoroughly masters a subject which he deals with specially, is regarded and depended upon as an authority, and his opinions re spected. But one who only deals in a superficial manner with every matter which turns up, and has something to say about it, whether he understands it or not, is never relied upon, and ofteu — notwithstanding flueucy and ornamen tal diction— scarcely listened to. As a public man the Hon. Duncan Gillies has been a fair success, as a debater he cm hold his own against the best of the present M.P.'s, as an administrator he ha« shown that he possesses fair average ability, and as a politician he adopted and has maintained an honorable course. 'Now, Johnnie,' said grandma, 'I want you to sit as still as a mouse.' ' Mouses don't sit still, grandma.' fcjure enough. 