THE THEATRE ROYAL. HB. *AIECLOL &H; AS HAHLET. Few students of our premier dramatist and poet will question the sta'rment that in tit* whole round of his characters there is no greats? psychological paradox—no impersonation which presents moreapparently irreconcilable antithesis to tbe mind of either the private reader or public performer—than bis crowning aonoap* tion. Prince Hamlet. Why this should be seeing that it is a creation on which the giant intellect of the author has undoubtedly expended the greatest. care, is a question which has puzzled many who have both carefully anl intelligently studied his "orkp. Tbe solution of tbe enigma may be in - this—that Haialat being unquestionably the finefet and most minutely perfect epitome of a' highly gifted human mind, its irreconcilabilities are enly tbe ordinary bewildering, anomalies which wa so oiten find in the real personages of history, or indeed in contemporary characters of high* intellectual standard. Take, for.jnstanee, saeh a man as Edgar Allan Poe—a man capable of th* highest, holiest, - and sublimest ^thoughts, yell grovel'ing often in tbe lowest and most degradng vices. Who shall unravel jbbet riddle of that unfortunate life? Who say if bs was madmaa or cot, er, if so, wbeie canity ended and insanity began. . Indeed , we are not 6uie but thatth life of "Sweet Will" himself might not helpjt» furnish correlative illustration.- There ar* three ways of reading thu . character of the Danish Prince. First, by supposing him t» have been constantly in a state-of melancholy madness provoked to maniacal . riolence by hi mi^fortures. Tbis view, however, is confuted by Polonirs'6 description of tfie several phases of fcis attack. Secondly, that beingfrom his natnr* predisposed to mental disease, 1 tbe OTorwhelmrogT horrors of his position hastened 1 the progress of the malady which was latent in his conctitntioSK Tbe third,' land (that oftenest adopted in lat* years by dramatic artists as being most effeetxnt for stage representation, and conducing more tomake np a harmonious wbole, is that Hamlet only assumes the rfile of a madman as a to further his ends, pitting cunning against cunning; and it is contended that, assuming ibis standpoint, there is nothing in his actions that would be incongruous in a man constituted as he and -placed in similar circumstance?*- But we must confess it seems tous that this argnument, if carried fairly to its logical terminatioji^ would destroy entirely tbe noble-minded and conscientious bero of Shakspeare, and leave in his room a trickster, a liar. jand a wanton ruffian. How shall we reconcile the honourable (face)" gentleman with tbe cruel coward whoconc*ucts tbe interview with tbe shrinking Ophelia—the brutal fellow who, having slain an iiinoceat man, father cf *he won?an be had p-cfessed to love, addresses such-- dishotiourab'a expressions to the poor inanimate clay—with tbe deliberate liar who thus answers to thejastlj incensed and heait broken b.-othev?— " Yon needs must bave heard bow I am pnnish'd With a sore distraction. What I have done That might your nature, honour; and exception-. Roughly awake,I here proclaim was madness. Was't Hamlet wronged, Laertes? N«T«r 9, Hamlet, If Hamlet from himself be ta'en away. And when he'snot himself does wrong, Laertes^ Then Hamlet dees it not; Bamlet denies it. Who does it, then? His madness. If't be sa Hamlet is of the faction that is^wronged; Bis madness is poor Hamlet's enemy." This is the dilemma which presents itself when-, toying to cortemplate the character from what may be admitted to be the most artistic point ot view. Tbe Hamlet of tbe author, as we think he conceived him, is a man of noble but complex: mind, eratic, and impuMrc—a dreamer rather than a doer, yet critically perceptive and philo* sophical to a degree. Such a mind would not be at all unlikely to be liable to mental aberration if subjected to any severe'strain or greatnervous shock, and the form assumed by the disease would probably be dementia or intermittent madness, and theman in his sanemomentswould be thoroughly conscious of his misfortune^., and would have quite sufficient cunning to simulate a deeper degree of insai.i'y to throw other* off their guard. We are well aware that in Mr,. Montgomery's masterly assumption ofthis.partbe took and cleverly maintainejl the idea of' pretended -Innacy, but to do "so one or two passages have to be omitted wbere the absurdityseems too maiked, as at the lermination of th*; gbost scene tbe words to tbe spirit beneath — " Ha, ha, boy, say'st thou sol .Art thoa there,, truepenny ? '<> Come on, you hear this fellow in the cellarage."' and immediately after— ! r» "Well said, old mole; canst work in the earth isfast?" And again, at tbe end of the play scene, th«- crazy speech about a forest of feathers, &e.;, inwhich evenHoratio seems coni- eiousof his friend'sinfirmity and 6eeks to humour- him. Mr. Fairclough's conception of the part in thsmain agrees with Mr._ Montgomery's, though there are some essential differences betweea them. Of tbe latter gentleman's performance no further opinion is needed, and of the former"* Hamlet as a" work of art we have little to say except in tbe way of sincere commendation and admiration of the genius displayed in its rendition. His impersonation is. marked by greatcare and judgment, and is a most intelligent and consistent reading from tbe ordinary point of view. At times his t intense anaconcentrated passion carried the house by storm. Anon tbe smoothly modulated tones of his voioaeoothed the ear whilst enchaining the whohh attention. Be possesses-a most Bt. icing counter nance, with wonderful power^ of facial expression. The strong disgust . depicted in hutfeatures when comparing his father and nnol in tbe closet scene was -semething.to be remembered, as was also the great horror at the accident?] killing of Polonius. In met the acting all through that ccene with "bis mother war? very original and striking, rlir. Fairclough: throwing far more feeling liito -the part tbf any rctor we bare hitherto' witnessed. The was a genuine ring of loving pathos imps to tbe words, " Oh -throw away the worser part of it, and live the purer with tbe other half ^ and the action of tbibwing himself into a chair,' and addressing the last words 'of the scene to his uncle's picture, gave a new meaning to "Bat' worse remains behind." -•• Tbe thorough prostration tbe nervous system assumed, at Ihe termination of the first interview with tbe Ghost, "as though the super* natural strength its presence afty-ded had bee*, suddenly withdrawn on its -departure, was as effective ss it" was true to nature.. We also notice several slight alterations for the better ; n the text, as-"being a god kissing carrion,* "know a hawk from a hemthxua/' and *' take arms pgainst a ikge of troubles." By the way, tha oii;y part of his performance to which exceptios ir^bt be taken was the ce'ehrated soliloquy, 'To be or not to be," which was delivered >ittin£, in a low. rather rapid, and very even one; in fact, its" fault seemed to be that it was perhaps too natural, and lacked the slight exaggeration which is absolutely neccssary t» give effect on the stjrre. Tbe scene with Ophelia was especially good, and was, in accorder.ee with the idea accepirsdiby the lac tor, denuded of a great rleal of its roughness, aid as much tenderness as tbe words would alio imparted to them. The play scene, too, w?_ remarkable for its graphic portrayal of genuinspef sion, intense watchfulness, and final triumph. The agonv depicted ou the face of the dvin~ prince was awfully real, and the last words oF the play, " The rest is silence," gave a thrill tey tbe hearts of all present One of the most capable and artistic Hamlets ever seen on thacolon'al stage is that of the gentleman who nom graces the boards of our theatre. At the terirination of several acts he w«s called befor tbe curtain and received a plentiful shower bouquets. M iss Bowring's Qu&en; Gertrude . also a gi and impersonation. It is a real pleasure lo see tbis gifted lady in a part suited to her. talents; the clear tones of her voice, her finished elocution, and correct action made the character: assume quite a new appearance. Mr. Carey was mo^t effective in the part of the Ghost, and only caused regret in that he. had not more to do. The King, by Mr. Weit; Polonius, bf 'Mr. Walsh; and Laertes, by Mr. Holloway, tbe latter of whom received -*a call to ths front, were well and carefully performed, whilst Miss Ansted made quite a hit rr. Ophelia; in the mad scene especially she, deserved'ail the applause that was bestowed. There was an excellent attendance, crowded tothe full in most parte, but' even yet there is room for improvement in the dress circle. Tonight tbe came play will be repeated, and surely a bumper house may be reckoned on. : t 