OUR AMERICAN LETTER. NEW YORK, JANUARY 2. MR. Sala has made the English-speaking public the wide-world over pretty familiar with the way New Year's Day was once celebrated in New York. Some people perhaps may have taken his account with a grain of salt, remembering that his fertile fancy has at times betrayed him in other matters into over graphic description. But the subject was one which even he was unable to exaggerate. It ia absolutely and literally true that half a-dozen years ago the fashionable young men of this "Empire City" of the Republic thought themselves recreant to their duty to society and the fairer sex if they made less than a hundred or a hundred and fifty calls upon the belles of their acquaintance, drinking the health of each one in a separate goblet. And what scenes there were in respectable parlours towards midnight, when the staggering visitors, nearing the end of their list, and redolent of many brands of spirituous fluids, reeled up to the festive table, and, swallowing half of the toast of the season, spilt the rest upon the carpet ! And such head- aches — "swelled heads" is our vigorous native epithet for the malady — as there used to be the next morning ! But the progress of civilization has fortunately condemned such hideous saturn- alia as vulgar and scandalous. The more popular divines have from the pulpit publicly denounced the license of the celebration, and have entreated women to no longer require as a flattering homage the intoxication of their admirers upon the open- ing day of the year. Nor have the fair sex needed much encouragement to summon up sufficient moral courage to refuse to hold to the lips of their future husbands the cup of Bacchus. Yesterday was certainly the soberest New Year's Day we have had for a generation. Everything was favourable for calling. The skies were fair, and the sidewalks were not very muddy, and the thermometer was above freezing point. Yet there were fewer callers than ever before. I dropped in at my club several times during the day and found the universal sentiment to be that the old style of New Year's calling had departed for ever. Men with social reputations to lose laughed at the idea of paying visits of congratulation upon other than relatives and very intimate friends; none but counter- jumpers, it was said, would henceforth be guilty of the bad taste of rushing over the city from morn to night, hurrying into houses into which in many cases they would not be admitted on any other day in the year, draining a bumper of wine or whisky with the old toast, "A happy New Year," and hurrying out again. And all men of sense must rejoice at the reform. No doubt the old Dutch custom of calling upon all one's lady friends was a good one in the old Dutch days, when the city was only a mile square in size, when liquors were distilled from something less potent than benzine, and when stomachs possessed wonderful assimilating powers for diluted alcohol. But now we weaker children of the nineteenth century cannot stand the strain upon limbs and heads of the old hospitality combined with drinks of modern manufacture. Just as the Big Bear of Bradwardine, or some similar vessel, if it exists still — as it probably does in old English and Scotch houses — now only serves for show, or to point some festive legend, while smaller beakers are kept for even holiday use; so the wild revels of "New Year's Day as it was" will henceforward simply live in men's memories as part of the history of the ruder days of American society. And for my part, since if I ever get drunk, I like to feel my brain swim with only one brand of poison, and look upon the practice of "mixing drinks" as a hideous sacrilege, I am of course delighted at the change. The sentence of Bill Tweed to twelve years in the Penitentiary has been followed by the con- viction of some smaller ring thieves, and the flight of a lot more. Ingersoll got five years in Albany gaol, and retorted upon his lawyers when they suggested the possibility of appealing the case and upsetting the trial, that he had already paid them 65,000 dollars for defending him, and that he preferred to serve out his term and have enough money left to live like a gentleman. Then Farrington (Ingersoll's accomplice) got a year and a half, and Genet, — Prince Harry, as he used to be known in local politics, was also found guilty of an attempt at forgery. Genet, however, was very wealthy, and on the pretext of important business to settle, persuaded the foolish sheriff to let him stay at his own house under the surveil- lance of a couple of deputies, until his hour for sentence. Tweed had enjoyed the same privilege, and had honestly not run away. But Genet had a less nice sense of propriety, and having made one deputy sick with fatigue and dissipation, and the other drunk, — slipped off to Canada, where he now lies in hiding. You can imagine how the sheriff trembled when he announced the fact of the escape to the Judge, on the following morning. He will feel worse, however, when, as will probably happen, he will be tried for wilful neglect bf duty. Fortunately, his case is covered by a State statute, and he may be sentenced, if found guilty, to a year in the Penitenthry. Most people hope this will be his fate. About half-a-dozen of the other indicted members of the Tammany Ring have fled before their trial, sacrificing their bail. The city is, indeed, pretty well purged of its greater rascals. Many new rascals are, however, rising to the surface in their places, and New York City is not yet a municipal utopia. The fundamental evil — the existence of a vast mass of ignorant foreign voters, — has yet to be cured, and time alone can convert them into respectable Ameri- cans, with an account at the savings' bank, and a fierce ambition to own the house they live in. Democratic institutions, we are now pretty well convinced, only work smoothly and well when every citizen has to pay taxes, or at any rate has something to lose. We are not, after all, to have a war with Spain just yet. I cannot help thinking, however, that the conflict is only deferred. We Americans look upon Cuba as a natural geographical ap- pendage to the Republic, and have at the same time full faith, and probably a well-founded faith, in our ability to take it, when we wish to do so. And every few months we have constantly re- curring pretexts for making the coveted acquisi- tion. Can you wonder if after awhile we should find ourselves unable to resist longer the instincts of human nature, and should snatch what we regard as our own already by natural right? Only one accident prevented the affair of the Virginius from ending in that way, and that was the fortuitous circumstance of Castelar happening to be at the head of the Madrid Government. Castelar is just at present one of the ideal heroes of Young America. He is as well known here by his books as in Spain; he is a regular con- tributor to Harper's Magazine, and, until his elevation to the Presidency, he was also a regular correspondent of the Tribune. He seems to write in a somewhat more effusive vein of gushing buncombe than even our own most skilled professors in spread- eagle rhetoric, and very likely, though he some- times makes himself ridiculous, he is really in earnest. At any rate; the more enthusiastic classes in America believe in him as one of the "leaders of the age," and the rest of us would be sorry to hamper him in making the most of the opportunity he has at last succeeded in getting to himself to regenerate Spain. It is hardly proba- ble, however, that he will very long be at the helm of Spanish affairs, and when he is ousted the last obstacle to a war with Spain will be removed. Then the feathers will fly, and after our navy has been reorganised and brought up to a proper standard (which it will probably never be uutil we have been whipped once or twice on the seas, and Congress is shamed out of its scruples of economy and votes enough money to give the Government the means to make our flag re- spected, then Cuba will be another State of the Union. The American Secretary of the Treasury is the modern Sisyphus. He is forever busy plotting and scheming, and worrying his hair grey, in rolling the greenback nearly up to par, when all of a sudden it slips from his grasp and leaps down the hill again. After the panic gold fell to only 6 premium and as we all saw clearly that our inconvertible currency was the grand secret of our financial troubles, we were very much re- joiced, and indeed went the length of saying that even the ruin of the great panic would be a cheap price to pay for a return to a solid specie basis. The papers almost unanimously cried out to the President to wipe out that remaining trifle of six per cent. difference between gold and paper and to make us entirely happy. The President, in reply, said he would do his best, and formally recommended, in his Message to Congress, a re- turn to specie payments. But the six per cent., small as it was, has proved to be a gulf that can- not just now be bridged, and gold has risen again to 10½ and 11 per cent. premium. The reason for this relapse is very simple. The panic prostrated the importing business almost entirely; and as our national revenue is mainly drawn from Cus- toms' duties, there has been each week for the past three months a heavy deficit. For Decem- ber, the increase in the public debt has been nearly 9,000,000 dollars. The only way in which the Secretary has been able to meet his obliga- tions has been by paying out greenbacks from a fund of 44,000,000 dollars reserved by Congress for precisely such contingencies. The result is that there are already 15,000,000 dollars to 20,000,000 dollars more greenbacks in circulation than there were a few weeks ago, and paper money is plentiful again. And the veriest tyro in political economy knows that a plethora of inconvertible currency means necessarily its de- basement in value. So we are back again upon the old evil path of inflation, and no one knows what the end will be. A good many of us will die, I am afraid, before we hear the jingle of gold eagles in our pockets as useful coin, as well as at the end of our watchchains, where we wear them now, as rare and tasteful ornaments. If we had the war to fight over again I think our people would make any sacrifices rather than resort to this shameful expedient of a bankrupt currency. But the mischief has been done, and we cannot shake ourselves free from the disease we voluntarily incurred. It is only common humanity, however, to warn the rest of the world against the malady with which we have cursed ourselves. We ought not to follow the example of the fox in the fable, who had lost his tail, and wanted all his brother-foxes to get rid of theirs too. Let us, on the contrary, have the moral courage to call attention to ourselves as a "dreadful example" of financial madness, if we can in that way be of any service in our day and generation. I will not venture to bore Australians with more than a few words about our politics, which grow duller and duller every month. The differ- ence between our two great parties is now in actual fact merely a difference between Tweedle- dum and Tweedledee. The issues of the war are settled. Human slavery is as dead as an Egyptian mummy; it is so dead that, as in the case of the mummy, you cannot imagine the pos- sibility of its possessing even the shadowy life of a ghost. And black men have votes, and though in places where they have had the majority — say in seven out of eleven rebel States — they have made a very bad use of them, they can never again be disfranchised. Even the remaining Southern leaders do not propose so revolutionary a programme as that. Mr. Sumner has now a bill compelling hotel proprietors to receive negroes as guests, and it will, no doubt, be passed, though objectionable white men are frequently turned away by respectable hotels. The bill will make no radical difference in the treatment of blacks, however, since the clerk can always say to negro applicants that all his rooms are engaged. Still, it will be an apparent step towards the impossible goal of social equality, and the resources of legis- lation in that direction will then be exhausted. And on all other questions outside of negro- philism, the party lines are very vague and in- definite. Some Democrats are free-traders and some are protectionists, so the opposition can never make a fight on that question. From pre- sent indications, indeed, it seems probable that in the elections of the next few years, candidates will be selected mainly for their personal popularity, and not for the ardour of their political principles. Every second man you meet now on the eve of an election, when you ask him which ticket he is going to vote, says with con- scious pride — " I'm going to vote no ticket; I'm going to vote for the best men." The great radical difference between the two parties, how- ever, still exists in a quiescent form. The Re- publicans are the descendants of Hamilton and the Federalists, and believe in a strong consoli- dated federal government. The Democrats on the other hand,like the Democrats whom Jefferson led, think that government begins at the town- ship, and that the powers of the general govern- ment should be kept within as narrow limits as possible. But this difference is too shadowy to exert any very great influence upon the practical course of politics. The great "Granger's" movement in the west is slowly growing, but it does not develop as much strength as was prophesied in certain quarters. It sprang from the extortion of the railroads, and we were told that Vanderbilt and Scott and the other great kings of the iron track would be pushed from their stools. There is, however, one great difficulty in the way. The railroads can only be effectually beaten by an attack upon the rights of the stockholders in their property, and farmers, who are landholders, and whose main hope of material success is in the gradual rise in value of their acres are very reluctant to endorse any legislation that even remotely shakes the foundations of their own vested interests. If we could only arrange things so as to punish the railroads for robbing us by robbing them in turn of even more than what they have despoiled from us, and yet at the same time leave all other kinds of property as sacred and inviolable as ever, all would be well. But that cannot be done, and confiscation of railroad and other corporation property, in either a partial or complete form, when it comes, as very likely it will, sooner or later, will be carried by the poor of the great cities, not by American yeomen. We have been laughed at by the world in general for boasting of the size of our country, the length of our rivers, and the vast area of our lakes. We have, however, never minded that; we had a good right to be proud of our own, let people say what they will. Only one retort ever gave us any annoyance. "But you have no mountains," would cry the Swiss who have the Alps, or the Britons who have a few respectable hills in Wales and Scotland. And although we would in return extol the beauty of the Alleg- hanes and the Rocky Mountains, our hearts would sink as we confessed with a sigh that we owned no peak much more than twice as high as Ben Nevis. Now, it proves at last to be the fact that we have hidden away in the north-west an alpine region of indescribable grandeur and in- terest. For three years the United States geolo- gical survey has been at work in Colorado, and they have brought back reports of a nest of mountain peaks, whose summits are covered with eternal snow, and — what is of even more import- ance — are from twelve to fourteen thousand feet high. We are correspondingly happy. Agassiz is dead, and there has been mourning throughout the length and breadth of the land. Few men ever succeeded in endearing themselves so profoundly to the hearts of their fellows. Not since the death of Dickens has there been anything like the universal burst of sorrow that was the most touching tribute to the worth of the great de- parted. His obsequies were very plain and sim- ple; neither military nor civic processions followed him to his last home; but around the open grave were gathered nearly all the prominent men of the Eastern and Middle States. "It will not be so hard to die," said one of them, "now that Agassiz has gone before." Only a week afterwards, Agassiz' daughter- in-law died also, by a malady brought on by incessant watching at his sick bed. The new summer college on Perikese Island, which was founded only last year by the munificence of a New York mer- chant, will be henceforth superintended by Alexandei Agassiz, the son of Louis. Literature has always been honoured in the United States, and the surest way to get a consu- late or a mission is to write a successful historical or philosophical work. Bancroft, Adams, Motley, Marsh, and Tuckerman at one time held high office in Europe — all of them authors, and three of them professional men of letters. But up to within the past few years, books, even successful books, have not been pecuniarily profitable. If an author made 1500 dollars out of a successful novel, he was fortunate indeed. Longfellow's literary income for many years averaged only 3000 dollars; it is said now, probably, his copy- rights bring him in an income of 10,000 dollars at least. It is in light literature, however, that the increase has been most marked. Mark Twain got 30,000 dollars from his "Innocents Abroad" and nearly as much from "Roughing It." Bret Harte has a guarantee of 25,000 dollars a year from one publishing firm. Charles Dudley Warner has also a very respectable income, and there are a legion of pleasant writers whose present gains surpass the wildest dreams of plenty indulged in by the litterateurs of even ten years ago. ¡Side by side with these significant facts may be placed the respect with which the English Press have come to treat American books. Even the Saturday Review now honours them not unseldom with seriously savage onslaughts. It really seems as though civilization were making some progress among us in less stern and utilita- rian matters than ironclads and reaping machines torpedoes, and pork packing. The theatrical world is lively, but there are general complaints by managers that they are not nmking much money. Boucicault's translation of a comedy by Feuillet, under the uew name of "Led Astray," has been the success of the season. Its triumph has been the occasion of a very un- pleasant affair between a critic and an actor. One of the critics of the Herald, Mr. Seilhamer, attacked the piece savagely on the opening night, and followed the war up afterwards with on- slaughts upon the actors. The leading gentleman, Mr. Charles Thorne, he said, would be more at home "with his arms upon a bar- counter brag- ging of his amours," than on a respectable stage. Mr. Thorne resented this blackguardism in the highly improper form of a personal attack. Meeting the critic in a bar room he pulled his nose. Two wrongs of course do not make a right, and public opinion has condemned alike the license of the journalist and the violence of Thespian. About the same time the manager of the same theatre got into a row with a young blood named Stone, the son of the American banker in Paris. Stone, in company with a certain English Lord, occupied a pro- scenium box. Unfortunately there was a spit- toon there, and as this was an object of Mr. Stone's especial aversion, he planted it out upon the stage in the midst of one of the most touch- ing love scenes of the piece. He was at once hissed by the audience, and the manager sending for him, told him that he had grossly insulted everybody, and was a blackguard. Stone re- torted and got his nose pulled for his impudence. Mr. Stone apologised, and the matter would have been settled had not the papers thought it too good a story not to be published. Stone has therefore been compelled to leave town. At Wallack's, Boucicault's "Man of Honour," taken from Dumas' Fils Naturel, has been a good deal of a failure, but by hard work the management contrive to keep it upon the boards. Fred Lyster has written, or is said to have written, the framework for an extravaganza, called Gabriel Grub, which has been produced at the Olympic and is fairly successful. The story is taken from Dickens' tale of the Sexton and the Goblins, and the padding is mostly the accrobatics and dancing of the Magilton's, and the songs of the Raynor families. At the Grand Opera House George Fox has found a good pantomime in "Humpty Dumpty Abroad," and at Niblo's the "Babe in the Wood " is still running. 'n the musical world little is doing. The opera has closed up for the season, and Theodore Thomas's symphony concerts — very fine but very sleepy — and Pat Gilmore'a Promenade Concerts are our only musical pabulum. 