HIS HEAD OR HIS HEART? A TALE OP THE BLOSSOMING SWORD AND THE IMPENDING ALOE.* BY THE NIGHT HON. BENJ. D'ISHAFXI AND MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XIV. IT was three o'clock in the morning, in the stately baronial pile raised by the pride and ambition of the former lords of Vavasour. There was silence deep as death through the long corridors and spacious galleries of this abode of luxury, mystery, and it may be crime; and the boldest would have held his breath for a time if he had found himself alone in its ghostly awe-strickeu precincts. The servants who sat up in expectation of the summons of death either slumbered in their seats or closed their eyes to shut out the ghosts that their imagination conjured up. Slowly and stealthily a crouching form might hare been seen making his way to the chamber where the couutcss was supposed to be drinking in the last sighs of her dying husband. Sometimes creeping, sometimes walking, now hiding in a deep shadow or sheltering behind some massive piece of furniture ; now walking swiftly across a room that he ascertained to be tenantless; but ever onwards, ever in the same direction ; with a fixed resolve to reach the countess's bedroom or be discovered in the attempt. As the castle clock chimed 3.30 a.m, G. 57 had his ear to the keyhole of the chamber. He listened long and attentively, but no sounds rewarded his efforts. " It rather strikes me," he muttered, "that the whole blessed lot of them are dead !" He took a delicately formed syringe from one pocket and a glass phial from the other. The bottle contained oil. Drawing up a charge he applied the squirt to the keyhole and sent its contents into the lock. He did this likewise to the hinge of the door two or three times over till he satisfied himself that things would work easily. Then replacing tlie oil and syringe in his pocket, he proceeded with the utmost care and attention to slowly open the door. Minute after minute passed, and it was not till the chime of 3.45 was heard that the head of the detective was passed into the room. At the first ghastly sight of the dead man's face, Johnson, hardened as he was to sights of horror, involuntarily drew back in dismay. But speedily recovering himself, as he save that Lady Vavasour and the doctor slept, he again entered the room. " I'll make a haul of some of them physic bottles anyhow," he thought, qpd it is a singular fact and one which illustrates the man's character better almost than anything else could, that even in his thoughts he was ungrammatical— " there's no saying but they might come in useful for evidence." He accordingly filled his pocket. « Poor beggar," he continued to reflect, " he won't have no more use for mixtures every two hours, or lotions to be used as directed. He's got his gruel, he has." He looked around to see if there was anything further in the way of evidence he could pick up. A wig was lying on a couch—a lady's wig of fair flaxen hair. " Elowed if it isn't Miss Harris's wig. Well, there's no coming up to the tricks of them women, I looked on that young person as so natural, and all the time every hair in her wig was a deceiving of me. I'll pay her out, though. I'll bone her wig, and see how she'll look in the morning without it." With these words passing through his mind he put the wig in his pocket, and so by accident procured the first link in a long chain of. circumstantial evidence that ultimately became the table talk of every one gifted with a penny for the purchase of the daily papers. With the bottles and the wig in his possession, he left the room, noting the while the fact that the muffled form of Lady Vavasour had never moved since his entry into the room. CHAPTEB XV. ON the last stroke of six the doctor was wide awake. He cast a rapid and scrutinising glance at the lay figure of the countess, to see bliCatiOU iuallthe Australian proprteto^hof°pS colonies has been purchased by that nothing had been omitted, drew a cambric handkerchief from his pocket, with which he gently brushed the face of the waxen representative of his late patient, and then hastily left the room. " Tomkins," he said, addressing the menial, "it's all over. Her ladyship's husband has just peaceably expired. Order the passingbell to be tolled, and marshal all the servitors and dependents in the great dining room. I have to convey your mistress's commands to them." " The foreigners servant, too, doctor ? " inquired Tomkins. " Both his servant and himself," replied the doctor. "I want every one to hear the touching words of the countess." Immediately after the command was given, the booming melancholy solo of the great bell iu the high tower of the castle uotified to the neighbours and tenantry that the lovely countess had again to mourn over the loss of a husband almost before the flowers in her bridal wreath were dead ; and many a bitter tear was shed by the soft-hearted country folk at the terrible fate to which the lovely young peeress was doomed. Within an hour, at least 500 of the principal servants and tenants of the estate were assembled in the state dining hall of Castle Vavasour, when the doctor, dressed in deep mourning, mounted upon an elevated dais at the eastern end, and thus addressed the assembled multitude:— " My friends, I am directed by the Eight Honourable Dorothea Blanche Evangeline, Countess of Vavasour, to announce formally to you the demise of her tenth husband. The Countess is unwilling to deprive her faithful friends now present of this well known and ancient privilege to see the body of the head of the house within two hours of his death ; but distracted with grief, her ladyship cannot tear herself away from the corpse of one she loved so dearly. She therefore through me stipulates that she may be present at the mournful reception, and I have simply to implore you to spare her sorrow, and address no well meant but unkind condolences to her in this first anguish of her bereavement. I will go and prepare her ladyship for your visit, and you can follow in ten minutes." A passage was opened for the doctor by the weeping company ; and with his handkerchief to his eyes, be passed along without looking to right or left. " I'll bet your lordship a guinea," whispered G. 57 to Don Juan, " that you don't see her ladyship's face." " Don6," said the Don, as he turned away from his valet. CHAPTEB XVI. WAGGA WAGGA in the year 1864 was inhabited solely by blackfellows and butchers. True there was a newspaper, but the natives used to eat up one proprietor after the other so rapidly that the paper never got a fair chance to come out regularly. Still, in spite of these drawbacks, the paper flourished. As the public-house and blacksmith's forge were about eight miles out of the township, so they may be put down as handicapped out of Wagga. About a mile from Wagga proper—as the cockatoo flies—on a -slight rise of some 8000 feet above the level of the sea, stood a large brick building, about the ugliest in Australia—and that is saying a good deal, for there are some structures in Melbourne so hideous that horses habitually shy at them as they pass. But as it is with the'mterior and not with the exterior of the edifice we have to do, we will say no more concerning its outward appearance, but pass inside at once. In the first room on the right, marked " strictly private," a sleek fat-looking man with a black eye, dressed in half-mourning, is talking to our thin friend Gribbes. "And so number 1.8 won't take his food?" says the thin man. " No," rejoins the other, " he told me this morning that he would burst if he kept on at the rate we fed him. He refused point blank to take more than twelve meals a day." " Did he? he did, did he?" breaks in our thin friend; "then, by the living jingo, he shall be crammed"—and applying his mouth to a speaking tube on his left hand, he shouted down it, " Prepare force meat balls for number 18, rig up the steam soup pump, and fill the receiver with mock turtle." " An order came from New Zealand for one yesterday," continued the Bleek man, " I sent number 33 ; be weighed 25 stone; and the arrangement is, one-third clear profit if he succeeds." " That's good news," said his companion, " what does he go for V " Only a baronetcy." " What's it worth ?" " Oh, thirty or forty thousand per annum." i. Ah—and how long was he with us ?" The sleek man turned to a well-thumbed day book and read : " William H. Gigney entered August 5th, 1858 ; weight, 8 st. 4 lbs. 2 ozs.; appearance, stupid ; no birth marks; been in Rio, Madagascar, and Port Natal." " Been with us about six years then ?" said Gibbes. " Yes," said the manager (for it will be evident by now that the sleek man holds Chat position), "and he cost £410 per annum to feed. I was proud of him when he left. He was al*mt as fine a specimen of well-regulated fat as I ever saw in my life. You saw him ten days after he came in here ; a living skeleton he was then, stood 6 ft., and weighed 8 st. So we put on 17 st. of fat in five years, which he won't shake off again in a hurry, I'll be bound." " It's a beautiful system," said the thin man, after a pause. « It is, indeed," answered the manager, " I often wonder you don't try'a little of it yourself; just a year or so." u No n0 -- replied Gibbes, « I wouldn't be fat for worlds ; fat people 'are so deuced lazy." Saying this he rose, and the two worthies descended the stairs together. , Passing through a long narrow passage, they came at length on to a row of small iron-plated doors, each one having a grating w the the centre, and opening into a handsome room, fitted up in the most gorgeous style, and what was most remarkable, the large dining tables in every apartment literally groaned with food of the richest, rarest and best description. o-iw, At one of these little iron doors the manager and Mr. Gibbes stopped, and, shooting back the bolt, entered the room.' As they did so a huge fat man, with a weak watery eye, rolled off a sofa at their feet. , , « Well, Number 18," said Mr, Gibbes, " I hear very bad accounts of you ; how is this 1" "Oh sir" sobbed the fat man, "I can't stand it any longer; turtle soup, jellies, port wine-port wine, turtle soup and jellies-no change-too rich, too rich-it will drive me mad. Oh for a good old sod damper- and a chunk of corn beef. This luxury is killing me. And large, rich, oleaginous tears rolled down his fat face Look here," exclaimed Mr. Gibbes. "Number 18, this won't do. You should have thought of this before you came in here We bought you, and you are our property. Do you think we are going to feed you all these years and get no return ? If you do, you -were never more mistaken in your life. When you entered our CLAIMANT MANUFACTORY and signed the agreement, you knew what was before you. The honor of the establishment is at stake. Then turning to an attendant, he added, <• Bring in the force meat balls and soup pump." When the fat man heard these terrible words, he threw himself at the feet of Mr. Gibbes and shrieked, « No! no I for mercy sake, no. Let me starve-letme grow lean, and frameworky and hungry once more, and be happy. Give me back my freedom and my lankmess Oh, let me be a living skeleton once more. ^ Spare me, sir; oh, spare me! I can—not—eat—more—than—I do." Mr Gibbes, who was used to such scenes, laughed a short mocking laugh. Motioning to the men who bad brought in the soup pump to go on, they soon had the fat man pinioned and the feederof the pump in his mouth. Mr. Gibbes took the handle himself, and at the Lt stroke a dull heavy sound was heard, at the next a sobbing noise as of tallow rolling down an inclined plane, followed by a gurglmg and greasy crash. „ " By jingo," said Mr. Gibbes, « he has done us after all. THE FAT MAN HAD BUBST I! 