The Conference, as a practical agent for the settlement of colonial difficulties, shonld be played out. It is on imposing sight lo sec the flower of intercolonial ministries in con clave assembled, professedly for the collcclivc I good, but actually endeavouring lo ovcrrcacb each other for individual profit. But though the coloniBls have hitherto listened lo the sounding brass which heralded such assem blages with something approaching expec tation, tbe lamentable failures and consequent disappointment which have ensued, notably in the last instance, must have shaken the popular faith. A Melbourne correspondent of a Sydney journal, one Mr. Loader, lias recently -considered the subject of Federation, and published hie notions. He has dealt with tbe question in a manner which can claim neither comprehensiveness nor pro fundity, having merely, ae he himself avow6, the calling forth of discussion for the ob ject of his advocacy. How far he will be successful, remains, of course, yet to be sfeen. While Federation lias ever been admitted to be the simplest, and most reasonable method of adjusting .questions of public importance, it is a matter which the majority of people havo fought, shy of discussing. It is im possible to -consider it in a light entirely irre'ntive to self-interest ; intercolonial ' jealousy inevitably gets mixed up with it. Federation presents a ready means of re modelling the colonial Constitution upon an improved plan ; but it al60 compels the . thought that should it come to pass, some of the present colonies will be stripped of thoBU minor insignia of individual power which they arc unwilling to merge in the collective good. The locale of the seat of government will inevitably be one subject of contention. Notwithstanding the many hard things that have been said and written abont Governors, there is not one of the colonies that will give up tie ghost of Toyalty without a straggle. Each one will be provided with especial claims for precedence. Gashing members of parliament who expressed de mocratic views upon the utility of Governors, when the House was considering the propriety of cutting down the viceregal. ' screw, ' would doubtless inveigh as loudly ? as anyone again :t the injustice of depriving them pf viceregal patronage, and above all, ,of viceregal hospitality. Conflicting inter ests have ever proved the greatest obstacles to colonial progress, and it will be certainly found that they will form the opposing ele ment to. Federation, if they do not, for a long time at least, make an impassable barrier to its consummation. Mr. Loader suggests as prcliminaiy «tep to a Federal Union, a ' Congress of Australian parliaments to de cide questions common to tbe group, and to frame a Constitution.' This Congress is to be composed of a quorum of each parliament, and possese the ordinary authority a^-d privileges of tbe legislative body, while a mnjority of two-thirds is to be requisite to carry any question submitted. He goes on tosay:— ' At the first oteHaag tbe Congress might elect vi&iMiB;, adopt steading ml ere, and decide upon the order of TmBinese, kfter whtoh resolutions upon simple questions of public policy might be earned, which might be reported to the vsnooa Houses of fiegis'sriorato be passed into law. Other and more complex questions iqight be debuted by the cepre sesta£ives,«ad « decision of » majority of two* third* betnsde the law of the group. AConrfata* tiott Act fpr a Cedent Union be drafted' for; consideration and adoption by tbe local Parliaments. : Doling its eonsiderBtioo, the Congress might ad- ' journ from time to time, at its own pleasure, until the Fedent&ct; baa -pused && local Legislatures, ' andreoeivtd the Beyal assent (Cram six Imperial Governors), aad then, it* labours being ended, it ?night dissolve^ aaAthe Aidml House be elected, a«d SMseatte-BBderits Coastitsitwa Act.'' But although Mr. Loader has evidently been at eoaie^uos ibtib ' to fexplaia his ,ideas of this prgpoB^d Coogitosrs^there exists the same difficulty «b in the case of t&e; last ttter colonial Conference. Then' the representa tkes oFSie ©olo'niee virtually plaigMthem- ! fdtBB.afo aooppt liie decision of n majoriyr, and everyone is 'moderately well' aware tow tjjef «dh^ed to their pledge. . , doubtless, it wo-aid be srere s»ch' a Congress consiltnted. 6o long as tbe representatives of Victoria] views advnntogooaa to Nec:8«ii|li; Walei,' -or' -vice vtrtS, cacb *OBH -watch the; other with blasd jndifferepue. ^ Bnt when it; came to a qncstion of .precedence — (be con ferring of some privilege to which each aspiced — there would be a strongly expressed difference of opinion. If the voice of the two-thirds yr'ere in fsvonr of Sydney being tbe seat of government of the Australian. Dominion; Victoria would probably withdraw, from the Con^r^sr. enterjnt: aprotest against any su sh proceeding as she made her exit. Previous experience teaches us that New Soiith Wales would do so were tbe vote in favour of Melbourne. Or, perhaps, yielding to the irjesjs^ble force pf circumstances and pi^lib opinion, the beaten colony would accept her defeat, but quictly eet up a Government x»f her own, with tlie same sang froid, as she would tender for a -line of steamers. It is impossible; to ignore the existence of a bitter jealousy between 'Victoria and New South Wales — or rather, . between Melbourne and Sydney. It is quite certain that each one will watch with highly commend | able vigilance, that the other does not got the better of it to the extent of a shilling. The knowledge is not plea sant, nor is the jealousy, perhaps, at al) of the praiseworthil) -em ulative order. The | sense of tbe inhabitants of the colonics must, however, rise superior to such miserable selfishness of the law-makers. Federation is the wish, expressed or understood, of oil those who are uninfluenced by any of the petty considerations which make parliaments oppose mutual advancement. It must come to pass, eventually, if not in a form approxi mate to ilr. Loader's, ccrlaiuy by an Im perial Act of Federation. In common with other Muuicipal Council*, tli (it of Demliqoin has indulged in the donlt ful luxury of a ' dead-luck ' over that important proceeding — the election of Mayor. Two candidates were proposed, and upon two occasions the - allot resulted in a ' tie.' It is only just to Deniliquin to add, that every attempt was made to elect a mayor by fair means. When the first ballot resulted iu an equal number of votes being given for each caudidste, the meeting was adjourned until the foil jwing day, in order possibly to give the aldermen an opportunity of reconsidering the comparative merits of the candidates, or of recruiting their ranks from possible ab sentees. To acquire a lesson in promptness, the Deniliquin Council Bho dd take example from its kiudred institution in Wagga. But the adjournment did not avail. At the ap pointed hour, half a dozen aldermen, including both candidates, appeared as upon the pre ceding day, and three votes for each were polled. It is thus npparent that each candidate must have voted for his opponent — it is hardly possible to hi lieve that each voted for himself, although rumour so credits them. The ballot tells, however, no tales. Neither gentlemen evinced a desire to withdraw, and so the matter now rests as before. Up to the latest news Deniliqniu has no Mayor. It is of course immaterial to the issue, that the members - f the Council appeared rather to take the result to heart, and were somewhat snappish. One alderman moved tbe following resolution : — ' That the Council deem it beet now to refer the question of tbe election of Mayor to the ratepayers, and that a meeting of such be called, and the result ot the Baid meeting be made an order of this Council, and that tbe Council pledge itself to carry out their views.' This however being illegal, was not put, the Council Clerk, who acted as presiding officer, expressing biwself plainly -upon the subject, in terms free from tbe least suspicion of conrteous circumlo-f cution. Eqvially prompt whs one aldermnnfl in sssertiDg that another ' was always making! himself disagn-eahie.' It evidently oppoarsj that Deniliquin is no more blessod with al happy family of aldermen, than the generality] of municipalities. fl The latest inconvenience of 'following aj rush,' reported from the Palmer River, is ol a somewhat alarming choracter. There ere now l'icated upon that gold-field some twdi thousand aonle, and the sole stuck of pro-' visions is abont ten tons. This is an un^ pleasant enough prospect at any time, buj when it is added that tbe rivers are all flooded, aud there is no proBpect ot a further 'supply of food until next month, it most,: indeed, be admitted that tbe lot of the diggers there is east in a most uncomfortable' _1 ? t? ? ? i ? . ? -? l^iaua. uvuu oupputuug tue tea long Ol. 'provisions' to be entirely flour, the supply: for two thousand hardy men is as uosatia-1 factory to the demand as was the widow's barrel of meal. It is possible, of course, and we will hope, extremely probable, that the state of affairs has been exagge rated, and that the supply of food has not been. If such, however, should not be the case, nothing but the exercise of the greatest judgment will save the diggers from fearful hardships. Privations tbey must necessarily undergo, aud upon thiseecoant it iB indeed fortunate that the lot of the pioneer digger is always of that hard kind, wbiob, in the present instance, will enable them bravely to face difficulties, which many natures would succumb under. But while the utmost sym pathy Ib felt lor tbe unfortunate men who mast apparently be subjected to mnch suffer ing, it is absolutely impossible to overlook the rash folly which bas brooght these suffer ings about. The Palmer river rush is only one instance of the many in which aea have quitted, probably comfortable homes, andJ certainly, a means of subsistence, for tbel shadowy treasure ef a presumed El Dorado! Every rush that has broken nut within reeenfl years has been overdone. From tbe ruth tfl New Zealand in 1872 to that of Charters] Towers less than a year ago, every one hail shown in a greater or less degree, tbe miser 4] ies to which men sutjeet themselves, simpljll in aheer thoaghtlessness. The law is power-M lees in the matter, while reason and previous! experiences appear alike useless. If the! truth fee known, we doubt not that there are j number* of men among tbe two thousand i« danger of starvation at the Palmer riyer, who have experienced before the fruits of a blind following of a rash. It .hardly appears' that Hume, whether he found Glsssan or not, is getting the fairest of play. He started upon his errand ander peculiar and not to* advantageous circum stances. As a relbased prisoner, he was, of oonrse, to be generally treated with incre dulity. ' Notwithstanding the fact that he eaya he, possesses papers which It would be im possible lor him . to forge, and a relie of Leichardt which eertainly .ean be verified, he is branded in au importer before he ets tell bis ids. & large cumber of people axe pub lishing statement, which are oertainly not proofs of ' hia having swindled as, and this is tacitly permitted before the man has an opportunity of narrating what he knows, ated binding vover . the credentials which bo 'sajis he possesses.' &n;»ly Ash. estimable pe- ple could hive withstood that sweet temptation of denuuuoing him as a liar for a few short days. It is an sstonisbing thing to observe tbe eagerness with which worthy individuals endeavonr to to tbe first to cast a stone at any unfortunate fellow, who is low enongb down already to render him perfectly harmless, end inoapabls of ietaii ati»n. Several people should look a little w rae than foolish if Home's statements turn out true, and the documents and relie honestly acquired. 