"HOLY MARY COPY LINES." Some people seem to be astonished at the discovery which has been made of the teaching of the priests in their turning of Provisional Schools into Popish Schools : but the astonishment arises from their dis belief of the character of Popery. They appear to be very charitable ; they cannot think that priests and sisters can have any sinister object in view ; and through this affected chaiity and liberality the remain profoundly ignorant of what the facts around them are daily witnessing. Hence, when such a fiagr.ant case crops uf> as has been revealed in the nine Provisional Romish Schools, they lift up their hands iA holy astonishment, crying, "Did you ever ! " We have not been surprised at all. We have been harping for a long time past on this one thing, that there was some hidden reason for the wonderful change which has been manifest for two yeam past in the attitude which the priests have been taking with reference to the Public Schools' Act. At first they railed at the Act with fiei'ce opposition. Nothing was too bad for them to say about it. They were ready to eat up Mr. Pai'kes as the reputed author of the Act. They denounced it and him, and by eyery means within their power, they thwarted the early operations of the Act. By and bye, as Mr. Parkes, then the President of the Council, was firm, the fury and power of; priestly attack seemed to die away. They took to " sapping' and mining." Their demand was to have Romish Inspector's, Romish teachcra, and one or two RomanistS! ap- pointed on the CouncU. But did not this very demand indicate planed t>&chery; and falsehood ? If the Public School sys tem introduced by the Act was Godless, infidel, unchristian, and everything else that was bad, why should the Church make use of its provisions at all ? Why should the . Church . demand that there should be Romish Inspectors and teachers subject to the .system, and pledged to carry the system out? And why, above all, should the Church demand that some of its leading- laymen should become members of Council itself, for the purpose of carrying the Godless and infidel Act 'out in it its integrity? All this looked auspicious, and it proved to us that the policy of " sapping and mining " was the one to be followed ; for just in proportion as their demands were conceded, and the Church began to get power in the administration or the Act, the chai'ges of "ungodliness" became few and select, and, at length, the wonderful fact came out some months ago, that the priests ordered every voter and elector under their power to uphold the Public Schools' Act ! Our readers will remember that when Mr. Forster wished to move resolutions in the House practically to extend the Public Schools' Act, every Romish priest influenced every Elomish member to " uphold the Public Schools' Act," as at" pi'osent existing ; and every reader knows that at the last election, every Romish elector, in the country got orders from the head quarters to vote for the Parkes-But- ler Ministry, because it was pledged to maintain the Public Schools' Act in its integrity ! Only one inference coidd be drawn from this remarkable change in the policy of the Church, and it was this, which we drew and pointed out over and over again, that smnehow the priests had found out how they could make use of the Public Schools' Act, and consequently, thought they, like wise men, "better bear the ills they had than fly to those which they did not know." Simultaneously with this change in the policy of the Church was there a gradual lessening of the fii-mnesa of the Council's administration. Mr. Parkes had left, or he had become entangled with the Butler influence. He had" become indebted to the St. Mai'y gentry for the assistance which the " faithful " had rendered in the elections. And Mr. "W. A. Duncan had acceded to the Council, with the one object in view of securing " protection " to Romish interests. Account for it as any one may, the fact is palpable that if the twenty- four defaulting Denomination-al Schools had been dealt with in the early days of the Act, there would not have been the dally ing and temporising which have been so apparent. And, we are certain, that if the frequent abuse which has just become known in the Romish Provisional Schools had occurr ed in the fii-st days of the Act, every one of them would have been cut off without more than a moment's warning, and the public would have been duly advertized of the zeal of the author of the Public School's Act. The shameful un willingness which the Council has shown to apply the law in the manifest cases of treachery which have come to light would not and could not have existed where there was no Butler to influence, and no Mr. Duncan on the Council to use his dead weight. Nine cases have been detected in which Romish Provisional Schools, appointed and paid for by the Council as Public Schools, have been grossly and knowingly used as Romish Denominational Schools. We say, hiowingly, for, although the priests and the female teachers have pleaded "inadvertence," it is impossible fairly to accept this plea in the' face of the fiict that the teachers had been most explicitly informed that their Provisional Schools were to be conducted as Public Schools, and in the face of this other fact that the Priests kneuO well %ohat the Act requires. But if nine cases have been detected, how many more have not been detected? Since in each case the abuse has been the same, and every fern-ale teaaher has been under the dii'ection of a priest, is it not plain that the abuse has been con ducted on a jrlan, and, therefore, that the plan has spread far wider that to the nine, without detection? We are certain that in every case there has been treachery and fraud. We are certain that every Romish teacher in these schools feels herself bound to obey the priest and to cover the priest by a deceiving of the Council and Inspector ; so that, if the fact could be traced, we are cei'tdin it would be found that the country has been robbed by these Popish schools, and by the Popish holidays which are observed in all of them, to an extent of which it has now no knowledge. The out-come of this discovery is this — how, even; in .primary education, .Popery . can be tatight, .(ind the falsehoods, of Borne instilled into the minds of the pupils. Certain persons used to laugh at the idea ' of the three R's being made instrument in teaching Romanism d sedition. 'They said in their fun, is the Pope in the Alphabet! Is there Popery in arithmetic? Is there Fenianism m writing copy books? But now the laugh is all on the other side. It is found at last, as we were observing in past numbers, that Grammar, and Geography, and History can all be made useful in thing Popery— that Arithmetic can be made to tell lies infavour -of the Church-T-and that even writing, in the selection of copy lines, may be made a splendid vehicle for helping the priest ! Think of a young heretic in these !lmish Provisional Schools teaching himself Popery and caligraphy at the same time from these approved head, lines, "Holy Mary, pray for ' me,' " " Queen of Hea ven, pray for ' me,' " Virgin Mother, make me thy child," " 0 Mary, my mother, intercede for me." " Forget not to pray for the poor souls in Purgatory," " Mary, in thee we find rest," and, " My holy -shield be Mary's hand." All this shows how Popeiy may be faiught in defiance of the Act, yea, by means of the Act. If this were allowed or always possible, is it any wonder that the priests were willing to keep ,the status quo! There is no cure for this falsehood on the one, hand, and the temporising of the Council, on the other," but a clean sweep, and the compul sory extension of the Public School system. Wi: feel a deep interest in the move ment which has been inaugurated by the public meeting on Monday last, for the purpose of making public education sup ported by the State, "Uniform, unsec- tai'ian, and more genemlly available and efficient." The time has come when this movement should commence, gather strength, and go over the whole colony, in view of the general election which is now not far off. The exposures which have come to light within the last few days of duplicity and fraud in the management of denominational and provisional schools, show that the present mixed and compro mised system is now out of date. No longer must any sect, and especially that sect whose aim is political power in the ignorance and division of the people, be allowed to make use of public money for tlie purpose of teaching "holy Mary idolatry." "We must now have a uniform and universal system. "We ;are not very caring whether it be under the managementof a Council or a Minister, so long as the pi-ovisions of the new Act cannot be tampered with and . evaded, under the pretence of " inadver tence." The schools should be such that the children of all sects might freely meet and mix in class. Parents should be com pelled to give their childi'en so many hours per day, or per week, in school ; and while the charge should be very small, there should be ample provision for giving edu cation to those who arc . unable to pay. There is no incompatability between com- pulsoi'iness and payment. Some seem to infer that if cducivtion be made compulsory it must be free. But the one thing does not necessarily follow the other. The law com pels pai-ents to feed and clothe their children, and it does not provide the means for so doing ; could it not also compel parents to educate their children up " to a certain point, without providing schools and teach er's free ? Unquestionably the system of primar-y education to be supported by the State ought to be available for the whole children of the State. The, branches taught should be those in which the whole children of the State are required to be so far proficient for good citizenship ; and to this extent every parent should be com pelled to send his children to school. The religious question, is a bugbear. The accu sations of " godlessness " are falsehoods. Opposition on this score is kept up by interested men who dare not avow their real motives ; for if it be that the Public School books want a slight revision, let them be revised. If there be anything in them which savours of denominationalish, let it be expunged ; but let the sham and false pretence of " godlessness " no longer be a scarecrow to frighten those confiding people who take for granted what their spiritual rulers say as the very Gospel of God. If religious teachers, are honest in their desire to teach their children religion, let them, by all means, do so to their heart's content, after the State branches have had their proper time. The Electoral Bill is lost after a dis cussion of six weeks long. "We confess that the point which has proved thus fatal to the bill is a very nice one The Chair man of Committees has ridqd, „aud,.the Speaker has ruled; so that there is no appeal ; but still we think that the refine ment is so fine as to be next to " in appreciable." Certainly the Upper House inserted a clause which mentioned the word money, and made a charge and ex penditure of money contingent on Parlia ment—the Lower House — taking the usual steps to provide for such charge and expenditure ; but to say that this clause made the bill a " money bill " in the fair and ordinai'y acceptation of the term, seems to us to be extremely doubtful. We sus pect that jealousy of feeling towards the Upper House helped the strong "decisions" which were given on the subject. Some members of the Lower Chamber were all but mad that the Council should dare to put in the clause which the Ministry itself had put in, viz., that the Univeraity should have a representative. Others were equally mad that the Council should dare to insert the self-regulation clause — " the Nominees dictating how the Assembly should be elected !" We predicted that some of the patriots would wax red hot in denouncing this ; but we remarked, and the Upper House seemed to be of the same mind, that if the Lower House thought " self- registration " a good thing to be applied to the election of the Upper House, the Upper House had a perfect right to recip rocate the kindness, and make self-regis tration applicable to the election of the Lower House. Not so thought the patriots — they would not have self-registmtion "at all at all," and especially not at all at all from the Upper House ! We regret the loss of the bill ; but as the self-registratiott clause was to be. thrown out if the Speaker qad not raled on the other point, we think it quite as well that in the next session the self-registration principle will have aiiother chance. To the absurdity and abuse of " universal suffrage there is no" balance so fair and equitable as this, that only those shall have a right to exercise power in the State who have the education and interest involved in the act of self- registration, The frightful abuse and dis honesty of police and hireling getting up of electoral rolls are too well known, and too much beyond the power of check and remedy, to be tolerated any longer. Bishop Lanigan has been opening a Holy Guild at Young. This is not to be wondered at, because all such societies become capital adjuncts to the priestly managers; and their political power, under proper organization, is of considerable im portance in view of elections. We give the hint to our friends at Young that it is time that they were thinking of organiza tion, if they mean to be ready for any ci-isis which may arise before long. The crisis is coming, and it is perfectly plain that if one side in a contest be disciplined and under the dii'ection of a central power, while the other side is a mere mob of isolated individuals, without union, and without concert, the victory will always be with the, organized body. The Pro testants of Young, therefore, had better be up and doing. Of they will come together under the deep conviction that the safety of each is the safety of all, and that in the coming contest they must take a side, the little sectional interests and denominational distinctions which so often keep them apart, will be merged in the great object of the common good. Dr. Lanigan shows the " charity " which actuates him in his forming his Guild. He denounces the Freemasons, and the Oddfellows, and all other similar societies. He denies that any Romanist can be a member of any of those societies. He forbids his people uniting 'with Protestants in any of such societies ; and Sons of Temperance and other benefit societies, all come under the same priestly condemnation. Dr. Lanigan will have his people a " separate people." They must be " exclusive and separate." They must neither allow their children to mix with other children at school, nor mix themselves with other people in mutual benefit societies. And what is the purpose of sxich separation and distinction? Under the pretence of keeping the people " holy " — pure from the contact of heretics — and free from every influence which would endanger their "faith," the real reason is simply this, they must be drilled and organized for political pux'p'oses. It is surprising- that Protestants do not see that while falsely pretending to be friendly and charitable, the priests are thus pursuing a policy the most bigoted and hostile. They are keeping up the distinction of races— they are perpetuating in its worst form religious strife — they are diligently sowing the seeds of enmities and contentions among neighbours — and they are inflaming passions and embittering classes in such a way as'inust naturally lead to civil wars and revolutions. If Protestants organize fo ,<5 defence " the priesfe:denounce them as bigots and sectarians — '' setting sect against sect." But if the Papiste organize, under the direction of their bishops, the priests praise, the, action as deserving their bleing ! "Will not Pro testants therefore see that their lindiffer- ence and divisions and isolations and weakness are the hope of the priests for the furtherance of their cause ? Fathee Finnigan did his best to make the ceremony of " blessing the stone tf the new chapel at Young" a success. He issued circulars of invitation to thoi lead ing people all round. He arranged that the ceremony should be performed on a Sunday; and he had on the spot his Reverence, Dr. . Lanigan, the " Bishop of the diocesef,-" in full canonicals, to do the needful. But the rain spoiled the affaii-. Rather, the rain showed the hollowness and mercenariness of the affair. Te pretence was, to bless the stone by casting tbe devil out of it, and sprinkling it with holy watei', so as to consecrate it for ever to be a foundation of truth ; but this was only a sham ; for the object . was to, get. money by the pomp and show of a grand parade. Tbe stone could havei been blessed in bad weather as well as in good weather, other wise the blessing is not much wortfi ! Perhaps the Devil would go out of a stone in wet weather. Perhaps the holy water would have been spoiled by the iain. No : the real reason was, as the people would not come to be , present in ;Ae wet, the money wanted would not laid on the stone after its washing with holy water, and after : the evil spirit had been duly exorcised ! ' So Dr. Lanigan propoised, at the suggestion of Father Finnigan,- that the stone should remain unblessed for three months, until the weather should become more settled ! The object," then, is not a " blessed stone," but blessed " money " — and the blessed stone is only the hollow sham with which to catch the money. We have had, from different correspondents in Young, notice of how Father Finnigan has been trying to draw out the money irrespective of the show of " blessing " a stone. For example, we are told that he met a certain person — a Protestant — and asked how much he was going to give to the new chapel. He was answered, " I do not belong to your church." " I know that," said he, " but you get your living mostly from Catholics." Going to others, Protestants, he has asked subscriptions, and, if refused, he has pleaded, " this one and that one, Protestants, have given me, and you might as well ; you must." We are told that calling upon a Protestant family, this priest first asked the;father for money, and, when refused, he turned to the son and said, " You will, not follow your father's example." "No:" said the son, hinting that if he did not be off the consequences might not be very agreeable ! Thus the hat goes romid, and while some refuse to give becaxxse of the impudence and worrying of the asker — they give to get rid of the pestering application. We have been told of many who have been giving and promising simply because of business interests. The priest tells them . that they get custom fi'om Catholics, and therefore they ought to give for a chapel for Catholics ! The hint is very significantly given that custom will be lost if they be " uncharitable and, of course, some weak ones will not risk such a calamity far the sake of a few shillings, and so a half sovereign or a whole one goes down. All this help to the priest is a simple dis honesty in those who give it. What con cord hath Christ with Belial? What fellowship hath light with darkness? What communion hath the temple of God -.with idols ? This is precisely the conduct of those who profess to be " protesters " against the false religion of Rome, giving their money to - build up the temples and idols of Rome. The priest laughs at the simplicity and gullibility of those Protest ants wh© give to him. If he does not, let this test be submitted to him, to prove him whether he is as charitable to Pi otest- ants as he asks the Protestants to be to him ; let some Protestants of Young offer him £5 to his chapel on condition that he will give £6 towards some Protestant church which ' needs repairs. Offer him £10 for his chapel on condition that he will give £5 to the Public School. Soon he will tell you that he could not give to ' the religion of heretics or to godless schools ! Some of the Queanbeyan Protestants have done as others have done, forgotten what was due to themselves and their principles in the part which they played in the procession and pageant of the Romish Archbishop's arrival. Why is it that Protestants will make such fools of themselves ? Why is it that they cannot let' their ,Rbmanmt neighbours alone when-. they propose to give their High Priest a " Catholic welcome ?" Does it not soivour of absurdity and meanness for Protestants to join in with their Papist nehbours to give a " right hearty Catholic welcome " to a Bishop from Rome ? Dr. "Vangliaii, in a very exemplary spirit of humility disr claims Mcepting those " Catholic W|bI- comes" as given to himself. He is .too humble for that. He accepts them as given to him as a "Bishop of God's church" r—the "grand old church" he says,';7- which alone is to be regarded as the " church of the Apostles !" Well : if pro cessions, cavalcades of hoises. and asses, with all sorts of buggies and drays, and line,b of chUdren dressed in white, and Te Deums, and addresses given "and answered with princely formality, be " real Catholic welcomes," and welcomes given because he who receives thepx is a " Bishop of God's church," could anything be more absurd than that those viho protest against that so-called church, and deny that Dr. "Vaughan is possessed of those powers and authority which he sumes as a successor of the Appstles, should join in with those who admit both, and give him with those others a Catholic welcome ? We should think that it was enough for Protestants to allow their Roman Catholic neighbours the utmost, lijberty to give " welcomes " to sucli personages in any way they pleased. It was enough for Protestants to stand by and see the show. Of course, if they saw anything very Apostolic in the Catholic- welcome ; if, when considering what was- passing before their eyes, they saw. a striking Ukeness jto that of .which they may read in the New Testament ; if, when they saw a Bishop is a carriage and pair, with a massive gold chain and cross round his neck, and a.purple coloured cap on his head, and a strange looking apron thing hanging about his knees, they were struck with the similarity between this style of travelling with that of Paul as he passed from place, to place ; and if, when they saw this said Bishop dressed up in full canonicals, holding out his hand, on which was a massive ring, for men and priests to bow down before him and " kiss his I'ing," they remembered how like this was to the conduct of Peter when Cornelius wanted to kneel down at his feet, and Peter said, " Stand up, I myself also am a man — When the Protestants, we say, saw all this adoing in the 'Catholic welcome to a " Bishop of God's grand old and true church," it is possible that each of them would see the exact Scripturalness of Popeiy, and abandon for ever their un- artistic Protestantism 1 If Dr. Vaughan were a true Bishop of the Church of God, he would have preferred owr style of wel- conie, that of respectful silence from Pro-, testants ; and, as he saw the man-worship of those people of his who believe him to have the power of admitting them into heaven, or of shutting them out, he would have acted as Paul and Barnabas did at Lystra ; he would have ran in amongst them and said, "Sirs, why do ye these things ? I am a man of like passions unto you, and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God." But no ! Chapel building is a passion with the priests. When these buildings are going up they are an o'oject for rallying the people, and when they are finished they add to the grandeur of the Church and they are means of displaying her pomp. But the question is often a curious one. How is the money raised ? Eveiy Protestant who has ever had anything to do with church or school .buil<hng knows that there is con siderable difliculty in getting the money. A great many xn'ofessed Protestants are hard and illiberal and refuse to give ; but it appears as if the Romanists give with a , willing heart and an open hand, for money, money, money, is always the theme of tjbe priest, and money is always the gift of the people. Isittliengivenwillingly? Isitgiven because there is the high motive to advance what is called the cause of God ? We are certain that, except in' some few cases, the motive of the giving is just as' unworthy as the asking is imperiou's. There are motives appealed to also, and there is a principle laid down which, we trust, will never find favour with Protestants. Romanists give because they believe in the merit of giving-, — build a church, or give a large sum, and proportionally gi-eat will be the reward in heaven. Romanists give because their giving buys off" so many years of punishment in Purgatory;— give a large subscription, and the money will be counted as equivalent to' so many years in ' purgatonal flames. Besides Romaniste give because according to the , sum they giyo, they believe they make up for de'ect.s. of duty, and wash away so many stains;— give money,and a dispensation will be gi voiiyou from fasting.jand a price will lie x)aui for the \- omission br so many, prayers. Again, Hoinahists ve because they Avish by being liberal to the church to buy olitsome of their friends whbare still wasting in flames. Once more, Romanists give because they fear to refuse the priest lest his penances should be severer and niore laborious than they arel' . The priest tells his people that they must give — each' and"" all of them. He tells thein.how much each' of them must aflTord. He tells them in confession that they must bring iso much to him. ' He fixes the sum, and they must bring it, else he will not give them the .sacraments or the blessings of the church. He fixes the sum, according to their daily or weekly "wagej' or accoi'ding to the supposed position in which they live. They have no appeal ajginst the sum unless to the bislibp ; and they know that his poxver is so great and all-pervading that they know it iis best even to borrow the amount rather than dispute what the Father has named as the Buin. And then, in addition to all this, as the' priests' know that there , are many who evade them, and deceive them if they can, they have fallen upon tins plaii. and they' are now carrying it out in Sydney, for the purpose of getting money to build St, Mary's, viz., one or more piiests visit the houses of respectkble Protestant lieople who keep servant; they knock at the door, and ask of thb servant or person who opens it, ''How many 'Roman Catholic' servants lire' here ?" -They take note of the number. Then they call one or two of them to come to the do6r, they say, " "We must have so much here for St. Mary's." The sum is vusually promptly paid ; but at other times the girls dispute, and siiy, we cannot afford it, or, if they/cah, they screen one another that the sum may be lessened. Two instances which have conle to our know ledge of how the money is got, will prove that the plan is simply extortion and robbeiy, and not by any means the "free giving" of an enlightened and intelligent people. The priest called at "a lady's liouse in Sydney, and asked the servant who opened the door the usual question; He was told that so many of the servants tiiere were Romanists. Well, said he, I must have so much, fixing the sum. " Can not afford it," said the girl. " You must," said the priest, " it is for the church, the house of God." The argument went on, until the lady, hearing the talk at the dboi', called out for an explanation ; and when she heard that it was Father So-and- so, she ordered the girl to shut the dooi-, telling her that Father So-and-so had no right to be wrangling at her door and occupying the time of one of her domestics! "Oh," said the girl, after she had shut the door, " what shall we do 1 We shall catch it for this ; the FAther will give us severer penance and ask the more I" The , other case is amusing. The priest ' called at a gentleman's house, asked the usual question, was informed, and fixed the sum which must be paid, Avhich he gbt on the spot. The servant man, happening to be a Romanist, saw the priest entering the gate. Guessing what he was after, he tried to avoid the notice of his Reverence by getting behind a tree in the garden. Rut the priest was as wide awake as the man. Noticing the dodge, the priest pre tended to walk away after getting from the gh'ls at the door the amount which was their due, but suddenly be returned when the man was i-ejoicing iu having " chated the praste." But the priest was down on liim before he was aware. " Come, my boy," said be, "you must give me a pound." There was no disputing the order of his Reverence. The pound was produced, and the priest avalked oft' as if Le had done a stroke ! Thus fihe money is got. But money given under such cir cumstances as these cannot but be an abomination in the sight of God — it is wrung out by fear or falsehood. prokogation of pakiiiament.—Tlie Pailia- iiieut was prorogued on Thursday afternoon at - 4 o'clock as announced. The Governor appeared with all the usual form.alities. A oody of volunteers did the honorable at the gate, and the guns announced that the great traiisactiun was ucconmlished, the shut up of the "talking shop;" The faithful ooriimons" were sunimoncd, and, of course, attended. The Governor gave them his parting blessing, aud seemed to look more than xisually blandly at them for the many severe alluaioris which they have beeii making to him daring the disoussious of the last two montlis. The lut of bills; <-&c.;, avas not A'er' uoble, and the ceremony was stale. The Great Hibernicon.— The attractions presented at this interesting exhibition continue to draw crowds "to the School of Arts every evening daring the week. Indeed, so popular has the entertainment become, that the pro prietors have determined to remain iu Sydney for another fortnight. On Saturday (to-morrow) .afternoon the second matinee , will be given, when the charge for admission is one suiliing mily, to all parts of the house. This places the <.-.xhibition within the means of inauy who would otherwise be preclnd from enjoying so very pleasant and amusing a two hours relaxation. .;'ome of the scenes are excellent representations of the localities after which they are named, though we presume the intmior of an Irisii cabin must be regarded, from an American point of sight, for an Irishman -would be bothered entirely to recognise it for a home of his fathers. The' search for a perfect tuber is continued throughout the evening "with unabated vigor. Tho singing and dancing of the various charac ters engaged in the performance are exceeeingly good, while the nigger eccentricities of Julius Cuffe, Avhile engaged as Peabody's body-guard, may be safely recommended as a sterling cure for inelanchoUa. The ghostly scene in the Glen by moonlight is literally full of fun between the chcrry-colored man and the ghost. The duet between Molly and Barney is avell sung by both, and tho bustle at Donnybrook is laughable in the extreme. The orchestra perform their task very meritoriously throughout the evening, so that altogether the " Hibernicon " presents an entertainment combining fun without vulgarity, and an evening's entertainment that will de servedly bear the morning's reflection, and as such Ave therefore have no hesitation in recom- nionding it. Afpeai,. — The Rev. Dr. Barry acknowledges with many thanks, for Lis church building fiind. R. Thompson, £1"; J. Barden, 5s ; H. 'White, £I 1b; J. Murphy, ,£1 Is ; R. Lambert, 5s; M|:s. C. Stewart, 5s ; B. Cutler, 5s ; R. M'Coy, £I is ; R. H. Johnson, os ; Mrs. Leqming, iia ; R. Clayton, 5s ; S. Hebblewhite, 10s. Dr. Barry is much indebted to Mr. J. O'Neill for his exertions fmentioned in, his letter, and for the kind suggestions in the letter itself, Avhich came too late for the present issue. , 