LucjiiS7©aypjen fBT IHS AtJTHOB.'bR SHBNBT Bin«BJia.*J 'Let me ieiir* ^on play. Poor grandpapa, is seldom downstairs of. an evening now. There conld be n» harja in bringing row violin, and playing a little now and then ^vhenbe has gone bacfc to bis room.: - Bis room ie eo fat from tbe pirloar that be would never hear ^n ; anrl, sfter.SU, playing the riolin is not a orime. - Doletinehearyon. Lncina! The old jAjod .,1 know irftn'pbjJBivhi&jrP; she added, lookteg BP '^'fco^.wtfc 'uuioiwnt admiring evCi^ ' - ??? j v TV- f . ? - r- ' -r ^?V»T»at botrld be So P ' TT6 -5^8 nioriai, loved music to distraction and bad some belief in bis o«rn playiutf. ' . . ; 'So be it,, my ^fiweeteat i 11- bring -the'? Amati ; but yon must stow . bin away in some| dasVy corner between* whiles,' where grand father cannot possibly discover, him, or he; su-ht wreak bis vengeance upon my treasure.1? After all, aB you say, tberecan be no harm in; a violin, and it will be. naxdiy Dreacn ot; honour for me to play you a sonata now and;, then, after my patient bas gone to bed.' Tour father must have been a fine player, or his' playing would have hardly made snch an im-: preasion ppon yon as a child of seven.' ' Yes.? she answered dreamily, ' I suppose it was what yon call fine playing. I know that it; 'was sometimes mournful as the ery of a broken heart, sometimes wild and strange— so strange that it has made me cling closer to his knees, as I sat at MB feet in tne assay room, airaia to look round lest I should see some unearthly form conjured out of the shadows by that awful music. Ton know how children look behind them with sacred faces as they cower round the Christmas fire, bstening to a ghost story. I have felt like that when 1 listened to a ghost story. 1 have felt like that when i listened to my father's playing.' 'Will bring you pleasanter music, Lucille, and conjure no ehosts out of the evening shadows—only happy thoughts of our f ntare.''; This was the prelude to many peaoef ol even ?_: ? 4_11 ..£ A ^flmi1 lianniTIABa tphirtK lrtiAtir Tank satiety. Lucins brought bis Amati, feeling very much like a conspirator when he conveyed the instrument into Mr. Sivewright's house by sfcealtb, «' ifc weM- and gave ifc into LBoil!e'B keeping, to be hidden by day, and only to be brought forth at night, when her grandfather had retired to his remote bedchamber, beyond ?Teach ef those sweet sounds. ? .. Tbe old woman in the bonnet— who at once .housekeeper, coo*, taunaress, »ua me pnour maid in this curious establishmentr-was of course in the secret ? Bnt Lucius had found this ancient female improve upon acquain tance, and he was now upon intimate and .friendly terms with her. She bad lived for an indefinite length of years mmr. Sivewfiguffs service— remembered Lucille's childhood in the dark old back rooms in* Bond street— but no power of persuasion cjuld exact vany in formation from her. Upon entering Mr. Sive wright's household in tne remote past she had promised to hold her tongue; apd '-she was a 'carraok-ter;' a remark which, aocompan. ;«j „- ,t. oinava wan witli a solemn: shake of her head, might be complimentary or other. Lucille she praised with fondeBt enthusiasm, bntof Lucille's father she said nota word. Uti the various occasions when Lucius had ven-^ tured to press his questions on this subject,; she had acted always m tbe same manner. . Her countenance assumed a dark and forbid-', ding aspect ; she abruptly set down the dish, or tray, or teapot, or whatever objeot she ' * might happen to bo carrying, and as abruptly^ vanished from the room. Persistence here availed nothing. ' Mr. Sivewright bound me over not to talk about hiB business when he first engaged me/, she said once, when hard pressed by Lucius, who had hoped through her to obtain some better clue to the fate of Ferdinand Sive wright. ' I've held my tongnB for nppards o' five-aad.twenty years. It ain't likely 1 should fuamn f.rt VtlnVl nOW.' ' ' Although uncommunicative, this faithful domestic was not unfriendly. She treated Lucille with an affectionate familiarity, and in a manner took the lovers nnder her wing. ' I was sure and certain, the first time I laid eyes on him, that yon and Dr. Davory would keep company.' she said to Lucille; and her protecting influence overshadowed the . lovers at all times, like the wings of a guardian angel. She evidently regarded herself in tbi light of Miss Sivewright's duenna ; and wov.ld *.*)*«.» n».0 tttnm arxmtt tntratjai'imia /\rtotHl f .1 .tn a in the labyrinthine offices and outhoneea of the ancient mansion, where she had a piece of lumber which she spoke of casually as her good gentleman, in order to hover about Lucille - and Lucius in their walks, or . to listen, awestricken and opened-monthed, to the strains of the violin. Discovering ere long that this rough unpolished jewel was not wanting in some of the finer qualities of the diamond, Lucins admitted Mrs. Wincher in some measure to bis confidence — discussed hfe future freely in her presence, imparted his hopes and fears, and felt that perhaps within TjDIS unociiubeo'm. uua& u-vmb but? sum ui p friend; and assuredly neither he nor Lucille could afford to sacrifice a friend- on account ojt external shortcomings. So Mrs. Wincher was accepted by him,, bonnet and' all, and her -hoverings about the pathway of innocent love went unreproved. . - .- s ' I am so glad your are not angry witb Wincher for being a little too familliar,1' said LnciUe, 'She cannot forget that -she root care of me .when X was a poor solitary child ih those back rooms in Bond-street; and! know she is faithful and good.' ' ? Jacob 'VJineher, or Mrs. Wineber'B good. ''gentleman, was a feeble prowling old jnaxi, who\ookcharge of the collection, and pofcterad ? aDOUv iroiu Kuurii, fiii. uqvtj eve— wniua, joy tpe way, never was dewy in the ShadracW district -^daBting, polishing, arranging and rearrang ing Mr. Sivewright's treasures— a very.feeble old man, but learned, in* all'the mysteries ht bric-a-brtw, anft finthnsiastio withall,- a. ia&n; whose akilful 'hands- wandered aboni -among egg-shell china, light as the^wings of a better fly. He had been Mr. Si vewriglit'B factotum in Bond -street; but was no more inclined to be communicative than Mrs. Wincher, whom be spoke of, with reciprocal respect, asJiis irood lady. Happy insamer evenings, when, in the deep erung dusk, Lucius awoke to the sweet sad strains of bis violin; while Lucille was knit ing by the window, and Mrs. Wincher, in the inevitable bonnet, occupied the extreme edgaof a chair by the door, listening with folded' arms and ihe serious atteotioa of a inuaidal critic. . . ?. . ' - ? ; ? ' ? : *»''. { ± Van 1/ Bay uutf wimu 110 n prciciunue lor livelier toons,' she would remark, after patiently awaiting the end of a dirge by Spojir, ' bnt the fingering is beautvftiL 1 like fto watch the fingering. My frobd gentleman used to play the fiddle very sweet afore are was married—' John Anderson my Jones,' and the ' Bird Waltz,' and ?5Britiah Gren&y-; dera,' and such like ; bnt he give it up aftqr~ wards, -There was HO time to Traate mrion mnsic in Boad-street. Up early and abed fate and very often travel- a hundred miles bafck . wards and forwards between morning and] night to attend a sale in the country that I wS Mr. Sivewright's nwtter,' I 11 i . ' ?''_^,;._^--'. '' ? k '^ Thewl 'diasfeat entertiTttment«^*W« natu rally of tare occnrr-ejiee^ _Mr. Kvewrigh'^ ing and. was more inclined; tor .soowtyTtt his strength returned^iut; was, on] the other band, dismoliriea to 'oomel^down etairs;,*? Luoiuaand Luciiie had :.,to.. spend thegreajet part of tbe4r time ba!h-r-^jn,'Wl»er% Lnojg entertained his patieafc Jjth ^aingsXpf'Se outer world, white JbaciSeimade tea at 'ahti^gi table in, the narrow space which the coUeowr bad left Wear in the -midst of ?his Hsroitded chamber- . There. were arfew flowers now iathe all she could, with Jaer. small means, to make the room pretty and homelike. Mr. Sivewright listened while the lovers diB-s cuased their future, 'bnt with no indulgent? ear. ' -' ???'.' ' '' ' ? ' ' .' ' i . 'Love and poverty?' he«aid, with his harsh, laugh ; ' a nice stock in trade upon which to; set up in the. business of. life. However, I suppose you aTe no inore foolish than all the; fools who have travelled tbe same beaten roa^ before youv, time ; and the same old question^ remains to be solved 'by you, just as ltbadbeen solved by others— whether the love will out wear the poverty, or the ^poverty wear, out the love.' . - ? . ? „ ??? ?? We arenot afraid to stand the test, eaio; Lncius. - ! ' We are not afraid,' echoed Lncille. Cuaptbe XI U HE FEAItS HIS FATE TOO MUCH. The quiet course of Lncius Davoren's life, so: full of hard work, and high hopes and Bimple unalloyed happiness,' was by and by inter rupted ;by a 'summons from '.Geoffrey, that spoiled child of fortune- who, in his hour of perplexity, turned again to that staunch friend whose counsel he had set at naught. This was Geoffrey Hossacts letter : 'Btillmington, August !3tb. 'Dear LuciuB,— I daresay 'you'll be sur prised to see me still abiding in this sleepy old place, when yesterday's gray dawn saw the first shot fired on many a moor from York to Inverses j. However, here I am, and insore distress of mind; no nearer a hopeful issue n,tt hf mv TlBrnlpTifipB than 1 Was when VOU ran down here nearly four months ago to see that dear child. Will you come' down again, like a good 41d fellow, forget how rude and ungracious I was the last time I saw you, and hear my difficulties, and belp me if you can P ' After all, you are the only man_ whose good sense and honour I wonld trust in such a crisis of my life— the only friend before whom I would bare the .secrets of my heart. Do come, and promptly— YpurB, as ever, G*. xi. Of course Lucius complied. He left London early in the afternoon, and arrived at Still mington towards evening. He found Geof frey waiting on tbe platform, with much. of the old brightness and youthfulness of aspect, but with a more thoughtful expression thaa of oi in the candid face, a graver look about the firm well-cut mouth. They greeted each other in tbe usual off-hand njanner. 'Uuncommohly sweet of you to come, old fellow,' said Geoffrey. '?' I ought to have run up to you, of course, only— only I've taken root here, you see. I know every post ia the; streets, every tree in the everlasting avenues that make the glory of this slow old town. But still I remain. You're looking faggei,. Lucius, but bright as of old;' ? *'i have been working a little harder than1 usual, thatis all,' replied'Lubins, who 'was diE-^ inclined to speak of bis new happiness yet awhile. It would be time enongh to tell Geoffrey when the future lay clearer before '? him ; and a3 he- had somewhat ridiculed hisi friendBpission, he did not cere to own himself a slave. , ' ?? .Now, Geoffrey, what i« the matter P' he asked presently, as they strollea slowly along one of those verdant avenues .of lime and ches nut which snrro«ndedthe little gem -like town of Stillmington with a network of greenery i ' Still the ,'old story, 1 suppose.' ' YeB, Lucius, the old Btory, with very little variation. She is here and I can't tear myself away, but go dawdling on from day to day and hoar td hour. Half-a-dozen times 1 packed my portmanteaus and ordered a fly to take me; to tbe station, and then at the last moment 1 have said to myself, ' Why should i go away P I am a free - man, and an idle one, and may innf. aa wall lire here a.8 anvwhpro else.' ' ' Ah, Geoff, thatcomeB of your being with out a profession' 'It would bo just the same if 1 were half way towards the Woolsack— ay, if I were Lord Chancellor— 1 should only be torn in twain between my profession and my hopeleBs fool* ish love.' . 'But how does it happen that she—Mrs. Bertram— is still here P Are there perpetual concerts in Stillmington P' 'Ko; but after the little girl's illness, per haps in consequence of that, Bhe toot a disgust for concert singing. She fancied the hnrryine from place to place —the excitement caused by frequent change of scene — bad for her darling's health. Nor was this her only reason. ' She has often told mo her own dislike of public life. So when the little girl recovered, Mrs, Bertram advertised for pupils in the local papers. The. doctor |who had taken a great fancy to her, recommended her to all his patients, and in lesB than a. month she had se cured half-a-dozen pupils, and had taken nicer rooms than those in which you %&w; her. She has now a singing clasa three times a week. I hear them sol-faing when I pass the windoivB during my morning Walk. -There is even a little brass-plate on the door; 'Mrs. Bertram, teacher, of music' 'Imagine, Lucius, the woman 1 Jove to the verge . of idolatory « obliged to put a brass plate on her door and teach squalling misses, while T am wallowing in wealth!' :.., } ' '' ? , ' A roach. better life for any woman than. tnas oi apuuuo singer, saia uucius ; * ' uuovp all for— — ' -. '?'??. ; ' 'Such a lovely woman as Jane Bertram. Yes, 1 agree with. you. ;', Who could Bee her' and not adore her P But think, Lucius, how snperior this, woman must be to all the things which most women love, when she can wil lingly surrender professional 'success, the ad miration of the public, jeven the triumph of her art, (for^th'e.Iov(§of her child; and ab^tt herself in from the world, and resign herself io lead a life m loney and joyle3S as the lif eof 5a' convent.' , v ? -; | ' It proves ' as jo^ say, that the lady possesses a superior mind j for which I should nave given her credit .without such evidence.' .vkw *v u^voia vmh w. ugl av.-UDLUU.DUQ 11BJ3 sot closed her door against you ; since yon are so familiar with -her opinions and her mode of life.' .--. ?:..? j. ,;..,- ;' ' Thereyou are wrong, I have never crossed the threshold of her present abode. On the very day you left Stillmington she told me in the plainest words; but with a gentleness that made even unkind words aeeai sweet, that she could receive no farther, visits from nae. .'You ?have J-een very good,' she said, ' and' in the hour of trouble such friendship asyouJiave shown to me is uery precious. Bnt now.lthc the danger is past I «an only return to my old position. 1 1 is my destiny to lire quit* i^forie ; pray do not try to come between : me .and ?' tta- anyth«« ^nttliB.defena»Bt'e-rikeyoifr eye as remart»ble!' asked the jud£e of the -plaititjS in a case of usault and battery. 'It 3'd, yer (honor.'' 'And what was it? ' continued tlie judge. 'His fist jer honor.' 