Miscellaneous, ítems. The Prouse Woodward Gold-mining Company Adelong, reports the crushing of 212 tons of stone, which yielded 828 ozs 18 dwts, retorted gold. On Wednesday, the cable to Singapore was int minted by, tho repairing ship. Communication y inspected to be restored during shortly. It is probable that both Melbourne and Sydn will bo represented at the Clarence Rivor Regatta, be hold at Grafton in October, each by a crew to co peto for the ohampion gig race. There is no truth in the report which was ci rent last week, that the Cabinet of New South Wa had forwarded to the Imperial Government, rep: presentations favourable to the annexation of Ñ Guinea.; The.Secretary of the Mount .Perry Copp« mining Company (Limited) reports having rcceivt per the Governor Blackall, 130 cakos fine coup woi ghing 7 tons 0 o wt 1 qr 26 lb¿ and by the Lord Ashli 340 cakes ditto, weighing 17 tons 18 cwt 2qrs22 lb. T\\\Q. Barling Downs Gazette says that Messi Taylor and Burton's United Circus has played Toowoomba with great success. Fourteen hundn persons visited it in one night, and hundreds had bo refused admittance, because tho pavilion was ti full to admit them. « "' The, editor pf the Barling ; Bowns Gazette hi beon enabled tai arrive at a fair' idea of the quality the prize cattle exhibited by one gentleman at tl late show. A noble sirloin was forwarded to his offi for discussion "in another place," and he dosoan very powerfully on the merits of Queensland beef. The Hawkesbury Times is sorry to record that Mr. G. A Cobcroft, senior, an old and respected residentof the district, died at 8 o'clock on Friday morning at his residence, Wilberforce, through injuries received by a cow falling upon him three months ago. The mining board sat for a short time c Thursday, and in committee of tho whole, discussi and passed a postponed olause of the general regul iions, relating to abandonment of claims-aftor whic tho révision oommittee, being still unprepared, tl board adjourned until Monday next. A public meeting to raise a suitable testimonii to. Mr. Marsh, who retires from the Bathurst distrii polico magistracy, was postponed from Thursdn uvonmjr last to Monday next. A preliminary meetir was hold early iu the week, and adjourned after muc interest hud been: eviuced by a number of influent ii gunfclemon who attended it. , ,. ... A roport was current ? lately (says the Neiocast Pilot), that tho tin smelting trade at Stockton wt flagging, but we are happy to state the reverse. O Friday, the Kembla brought from Sydney 740 bag tin ore, and took back about 20 tons refined tin. O Saturday, the same steamer brought 890 bags ore, an took away about 25 tons of the reduced metal. Mr. Kealey, of the Paddington Church of Englan Denominational School, who was suspended for tare months, for writing ah article against tho inspectors < Public Schools, in the Journal of Prhnàry Êducatior, has sent a petition to the Council of Education, an they have determined to permit him to resume h duties on Monday next. : An. inquiry, was held on Monday, by tl volunteer authorities, into the conduct of a member < the engineercorps; who, at the encampment at Cam] bell Fields, drew his bayonet on the guard statione at one part of the camp. The guard was composed c mon of .the Newcastle Artillery, in charge of Corpora Lyne. rHe and. one of. his men, Gunner M'PbersoE were summoned to Sydney to be present at th inquiry, and they gave evidence on Monday night. The Nexocastlo Pilot reports that another dna tardly.'outrage was committed on Saturday afternoon on Captain^ Arnold, of the barque Restless. It appear that Captain Arnold was proceeding on board his vesso for the purpose of at once going to sea. One of his sailori accosted rum and asked, "what ho wa$ going to do.' Ho replied, " Going at once to sea," when tho man ai once kicked him in the eye, and caused a terribh wound. The man was as soon as possible taken inte custody, and the vessel to be detained in port. A most deplorable fatal accident, took place on Wednesday, by which a child of only two years of age, the son of Mr. Murray, of the firm of P. N. Russell and Co., lost its life. The nurse was playing, it appears, with a pistol, which went off, and the hie of the child was sacrificed to tho intolerable and so often fatal habit of playing with firearms, and taking it for granted .that they are unloaded and consequently harmless. Under the awfully distressing circumstances, of course ic was impossible to ask foi' details, which must, how over be afforded at the inquest which will bo held in duo course. A marvellous story comes to a Queensland paper from the South Seas. We should certainly doubt its truth had we not tho greatest confidence in the veracity «f our informants. It is said that a woman, a native of Tanna, gave birth to an infant. Not being satisfied » hat it was as blaok as it might have been, she, in her dis appointment and shame, buried it alive. Some sixhours nf forwards, tho circumstance came to the knowledge of Mr. Hobblowhito, who, with the assistance of another «ottler, exhumed tho body, and, to to their astonish ment, found the child still alive. The resurrection ed bubo was, by latest acoounts, in robust health, nndhad .suffered no inconvenience from its premature in terment. , The Sheridan Dramatic Club gave a performance at tho Victoria Theatre on Wcdnosday, the piece presented 'tuing " London Assurance." The characters sot .down for tho. ladies wore played by professional nctrcssos and wore satisfactorily rendered, and tho gen t-lemon also, showed a groat amount of ability as well is cároful preparation. Prominont amidst a goncrally ;ood rendoring was Mr. Vincent's Meddle, which would lave dono crodii to any of our comedians. Thc other ¡haraotors wero well sustained, and tho wholo por r'ormance a credit to the club. Tho receipts were good, md tho audionoo extremely liberal with their applause. »rr. B. N. Jonos conductod tho rehearsals, and afforded rood assistance at tho whigs on Wednesday evening. At the Water Police] Court on Monday, at 10 .'dook, J. M. Marsh, Esq., took tho chair, for tho first îi.mo, as Water Police Magistrate. Thoro was a large ittondanco of unpaid magistrates, amongst whom we noticed Messrs. Metcalf, Moyer, Halo, Morrininn, Coster, Fairclough, Crane, Curran, Williams, Mullins, Senior, and Goold. Mr. Motoalf, on behalf of the magistrates, and Mr. C. Davis, on behalf of tho logal i>rofeasipu, briefly expressed their pleasuro nt the àp >ointment of Mr. Marsh as Water Police Magistrate, .ad wished him a pleasant aud long cai-ior. Mr. Marsh returned his thanks for tho kindly expressions ?nf goodwill which hal fallen from the spoke men, and :ilso for their aitoudanoo on tho occasion. TL J business was thon proooodod with. A very instructivo Uecturo was deliver ;d in tho Temporáneo Hall, on Wednesday, by the V. ?: George I-lat-lin, the subject being "Our Evouinj- oky." A I Kenoral description of the principal heavenly- hoiies in the southern hemisphere was givpri in: a very interest ing manner, and was heartily , appreciated by tho audi ence,, which, though not a very, large,. Was a very attentive, one; At the close, a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer, and two of the members of the 1'oung Men's Christian Association, under tho auspices of which tho lecture was delivered, earnestly appealed to the young men present to enrol themselves as members of tho association, and co-operate in its good work. His Grace Coadjutor-Archbishop Vaughan arrived from Sydney yesterday (says the Pilot, of Saturday) in the steamship Kembla, on a brief visit tb the Northern district. Dr. -Vaughan was accom panied by the Right Rev. Dr. O'Mahony (Bishop of Armidale), Dr. Forrest (St. John's College), Rev. Fathers Dillon, ' Gilhooley, H. E. Ford, and others of the clergy. There were nearly five hundred,persons assombled on the wharf when the steamer arrived, and his Grace and party were received on board by the Right Rev. Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland), Rev. Fathers M. J. Ryan, J. Ryan, Foran, and a large num ber of the leading members of tho Catholic laity resi dents in this city. A recent telegram from Melbourne 'reported the death of Mr. Henry Bowden, of tho firm ofW. P. White and Co. The Argus ol' tho 12th instant says : Previous to his connection with the shipping interest Mr. Bowden had beena writer on tho Melbourne Press, and in 1854-5, when the Melbourne Morning Jlemld was a journal of influence, he was one of its regular contributors. Mr. Bowden at different times fur nished Melbourne Punch with writings of a facetious character, and he was the author of the " Peery bingle Papers," published recently in the Weekly Times. For some time past Mr. Bowden had been in failing health, but the end came at last rather , suddenly. He died in the prime of life, his age being only 44. A branch of the City Bank is to be shortly established in Bathurst, under the management of Mr. J. J. Ashe, who was for some time manager of the Commercial Bank at Carcoar, and lately loft to take charge of a branch at Young, after being entertained at a public dinner in the former town. Mr. Ashe, although only resident a few weeks at Burrangong, is to receive a banquet from the people there, and will be warmly welcomed by tho business men of Bathurst, of which place he is a native. Suitable premises have been taken in the new block of buildings lately erected by Mr. Gilmore, ou the site of the old Scotch Kirk in William-street, and the brmch will be opened without delay. The Armstrong copper-mine at Locke's Plat form, from the most reliable sources of report, still continues to improve on every foot of sinking. At present the operators are on a junction of a north and south nnd east and west lode, over three feet thick- of silver-grey ore of very rich quality. A few tons of this, now ready for smelting, are to be disposed of to the Bowenfels smelting works, aud it is anticipated that the lot will average over twenty per cent. Con sidering the short time this mine has been in work, the results are of a marvellous character, and it bids fair to rival the most prolific of any colonial mine yet opened. Rich green and blue carbonates have been traced to the very extreme north of the mine ; but the workings at present are confined to the extreme southern boundary.-Western Independent. , ; Mr. Thompson, of 221, Castlereagh-street, the keeper of a private boarding- house, had occasion, pre vious to his departure for Melbourne on Saturday, to burn a quantity of rubbish such as usually collects at places of tho kind. Amongst the doomed* debris was a box left by a couple who staid at the house some twelve months ago, and which had been removed into an outor yard because it was offensive. When its con tents were being removed, the skeleton of a child was found;wrapped up in a piece of red cloth. Information was given to the police, and the remains were seen by Dr. Egan, who cannot say whether they are those of a child that had lived or not. The woman went to Bris bane when she left Mr. Thompson's house, and the man remained about a month after her. The police will investigate the matter. The following, from the Shoalhaven News, is not very complimentary to a respectable citizen of Newcastle : "Frank Gardner again ! Notwithstand ing all that has been said and written anent the ex ilement of this individual, and, his departure from these shores, we find, from a recent number of the New castle Pilot, that 'Frank Gardner, auctioneer, insur ance and general commission agont, stook and share broker, Balton-street, Newcastle, begs to return his sincere thanks to those who have so liberally given him their support ;' and that ' he most respectfully solicits a continuance of "their favours, &c;, &c.;' If this is tho immortalised ' Frank' who has really settled down, and put his shoulder tothe wheel, with a desire to earn a living by honest industry, we are among the foremost to wish him success." , Major Wilson's parade of the different corps of Volunteer Artillery was held last Saturday afternoon in the inner Domain. Nos. 1, 2, i, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 batteries assembled shortly after 3 o clock in front of Hyde Park Barracks, where they were formed into marching order ; and then, headed by their brigade band, theymarohed down Macquarie-street into the inner Domain, taking up their position on the south end facing Governor Bourke's statue. Major Wilson, who was accompanied by Captnin Wells, acting as Brigade Major, and Lieutenant M'Mastors, acting as Brigade Adjutant, exercised the corps in company movements and oarbine drill. The various manouvres were oxo cutedwith a promptness and steadiness which testitiod to tho excellent discipline to which the respective bat teries have been subjected. Captain Wells was tho only captain prosent. Tho parade terminated about 5 o clock, when tho men marched to thoir mustering, ground at Hyde Park aud wero dismissed. The actual numbers of the live stock imported overland in 1873, according to tho accounts of the in spectors of stock, wero (says tho Molbourno Argus) 13,507 horses, 86,503 cattlo, 717,305 sheop, and 1G27 pigs. But tho registration of livo stook imported during that year from New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia only amounted to 1697 hoi-Bes, 56,467 cattlo, and 233,258 sheop, according to a return appended by Mr. Haytor, Government statist, to his interchange statistics just issued. From this it is quito clear that tho Act 19 Victoria, No. 21, relating to the registration of stock, is much evaded, and it is to bo hoped that a moro complete return of the stock brought overland will bo Becured by means of the inspectors appointed in January, 1873. As regards our wool statistics, there it? no longer any ground for complaint, tho wool imported by sea now boing kept distinct from that brought overland. The total value of tho former j in 1873 was £05,965, and tho total valuo of the latter I £1,745,550. Our export of wool for tho year was j £5,738.638, against £4,651,665 for 1872. The Rev. D. Allen delivered a lecture upon the question whether tho Bible should bc introduced into our public schools, in tho Baptist Chapel, Onstloreagh streot, on Monday night. Thoro was, said Mr. Allon, two ldeaB in oonnoction with tho question most ob jectionable-tho denominational idea, which sought to obtain tho public mouoy, to touch Bootarian Holy Mothers and catechisms, rather than to give a sound, useful, and commercial educatiou, co necessary for in-1 tèlligënc'oi business, and pleasure; and the "purely secular" system now urged by a certain league who were holding their first meeting to-night. Tho second was a Godless system from which all Christian minds must revolt. The reverend gentleman suggested the extension of Nos. 1 and 2 Old Testament and Nos. 1 and 2 New Testament Bible readings in the public schools, and the doing away with tho clergymen's class rooms. Education without religion, Mr. Allen said, must bo productive of the direst results, and he advo cated his idea of Bible reading without sectarian con structions very logically and with considerable force. Tho meeting closed with the Doxology. The warm days in these parts, says the Pastoral Times, are beginning to tell- the young grass, long and weak from so much rain, is becoming yellow, and in too many instances is dying off, causing much anxiety to those settlers whose runs aee stocked up. As a burnt child dreads tho fire, tho Riverina settlers fear dry and droughty seasons, and the last four years of prosperity, naturally enough, cause them to conclude from past experience that we must soon be prepared for seasons adverse to their interest. It is fortunate for New South Wales that her pastoral areas extend over such a vast country as when some large districts are suffering from dry seasons, others far away enjoy all the benefits of favourable weather. The .weather at Deniliquin is fine, aud rain is again wanted, tho Ed ward is lowering. We have leaped from winter to spring in a fortnight, sb imperceptible are the changes in this singular climate. Tho following are the cros sings at Deniliquin :-August 8-Bailey's 3000 sheep ; August ll-Robertson Bros. 2500 sheep; do-J. Tyson's 4400 sheep. I cannot help, says the Brisbane correspondent to the Toowoomba Chronicle, once more alluding to that extraó'dinary fellow-Blondin. Thousands have gone into the Botanical Gardens, and willingly paid their half crowns and five shillings ; and thousands of what are termed dead-heads have, no doubt, as willingly paid nix, to witness his wonderful feats on the tight rope. On Saturday last, amongst other singular dis plays of nerve and confidence, he carried to the centre of the rope atable, at which he seated himself in a chair, and partook heartily of a collection of fruit, &c;, placed by himself on the table, and then deliberately opened a bottle of chanipngne, poured out a glass, and drank to the health of the spectators. He then carried Mr. Shopperson, bookseller, of Queen-street, an eleven-stone man, upon his back along the rope with as much apparent ease as if he only had on his back a volume of Shepperson's light literature. On Monday night last he performed for the benefit of the Brisbane Hospital. I need scarcely say the exhibition was not only a success in a money point of view, but a wonderj ful display of human skill and contempt of danger. There is no doubt Blondin will reap a golden harvest in the Australian colonies, and return to Europe a richer man by some thousands of pounds. A lad named Magnus Cromarthy, eleven years old, residing in the country, near Stroud, was stung on the elbow by a scorpion about a month ago. In a few days a pimple formed on the place where the insect had bitten, which became inflamed, and very painful ; gradually the. arm swelled, and considerable consti tutional disturbance ensued, whioh terminated in mortification of the skin and integuments covering the elbow. Medical aid was sought, and ultimately the patient was placed under Dr. S. T. Knaggs, of New castle, who used every endeavour td save the limb, j though from the first the dreadful alternative of amputation of ' the arm had to be considered. On Wednesday, 12th instant, unfavourable symptoms .having set in, a consultation was held, and amputation decided upon. At the urgent entreaties of the friends the operation was postponed until last Saturday, when it became evident that the operation would be the osly chance left for the poor sufferer. Another con sultation was held, and Dr. Knaggs operated hi the presence, and with the assistance of Drs. Read and M'Grath ; but upon the completion of the operation, the poor little sufferer sank. The medical gentlemen do not attribute the fatal results to chloroform, of which a very small quantity had been given, but'to the severe shock of such a terrible operation to a system greatly delibitated by previous suffering.-Pilot The entertainment given on Monday night, at the Victoria Theatre, in aid of the Bennett Testimonial Fund, was pre-eminently successful, both musically and financially ; and we may add, socially as well, for the house was densely packed with people of all ranks and classes, who, by their presence in the theatre, showed that noble and brave actions always command the respect and esteem of mankind. The entertain ment was truly a splendid one, consisting of thè very choicest airs and scenes in the most admired operas, which airs and scenes were given by the company in their best style, all parties exerting themselves to the utmost to render the entertainment completely successful. Unfortunately, an apology had to be made for Signora Coy, whoso illness pre vented her from attending, but, as a substitute, Signor Coy, her husband, sang an admired air from " Don Giovanni," which was well received. In tho course of the evening the Balmain committee of gen tlemen connected with the testimonial, made their appearance on the boards; and Mr. John Rae, acting as ' spokesman, recapitulated the circumstances whioh lcd to the entertainment, stating that Signor Bisoaccianti had by letter informed the committee that be had beon authorised by .Messrs. Lyster and Cagli to place the services of tho opera company at the disposal of the committee free of expense, which circumstance had i od to tho entertainment. Tho company one and all, hoth singers and musicians, had tendered their services in a very warm and satisfactory mannor, and tho re sult was a magnificent programme, and the splendid attendance which was then in the house. On behalf of the committee he thanked Messrs. Lyster and Cagli for their generosity ; Signor Bisoaccianti, tho members of the troupe, Signor Zelman and the members of tho orchestra, and also the ladies and gentlemen who had honoured the entertainment by their presence at it. When the committee retired, Mr. Bennett was enthusiastically called for, and even tually had to make his appearance on the stage, which circumstance was tho signal for a complete ovation of applause. He courteously thanked tho audience for thoir kindness, and stated that ho would have an op portunity in a few days of recapitulating the instances j in which he had fortunately been instrumental in sav ing human life. A meeting of the New South Wales Bush Mis sionary Society, to hear the reports of the journeys and experiences of the missionaries, Messrs. Druce, F. J. Palmer, and Muddigan, was hold on Monday in the upper room of tho old Temperance Hall. There was a good attendance. Mr. John Mills was voted to tho chair. The Rev. J. F. Cullen opened tho meeting by prayer. The Rev. W. Bradley explained tho objects of the society. Tho object of the bush missionaries, ho said, was to supply the waut of clergy, and to go out into the wilds of tho country and spread tho blessed tidings of salva tion. _ He thought it was the duty of every Christian, especially thoBo who had moans, to send missionaries out into tho country. Tho people of this country, he thought, had not douo thoir duty in this respect, and it waa n. sin for those who had moana at thoir disposal to withhold their aid ftom suoh a glorious work,-Mr. Bosworth! then engaged in prayer, and a hymn waB sung.-Mr. J. Druce -was oalled on to. speak of im labours. In tho course of Mr. Druoe's remarks, he . referred to his past seven years' labours as a missionary > and gave a very interesting account of the dangora attached to MB (and generally to all bush missionary) work. The ground he had recently travelled over was now ground, not having been travelled over before. He spoke of many sadcases of privation and destitution, both temporal and spiritual, which are to,be frequently mot with in the bush, and described his journoyn n the following districts : Gwydir, Goulburn Biver, Jerry's Plains, Merriwa, Upper Bingera, aud Torryhihi From March 8th to July 8th, he had sold 1415 books, of which number 135 were Bibles and Testaments, and 1280 other hooks. The proceeds were £15117s 5d. Tracts distributed, 3000; services held, 56; families visited, 553; miles travelled, 1572 ; subscriptions, £13 Os 3d. At nearly all tho places , .visited services , were held, and, as I a rule, the people visited treated him kindly. I After prayer and the singing of another hymn, Mr. F. J. Palmer gave an earnest address respecting ' his labours at Cooma, in the Snowy River districts, Jingera Mountains, Bombala, and along the coast districts to Sydney. During his journeys, ho had sold 1335 books, and given 18 away. , He had sold 166 Bibles and Testaments, and given 13 away. The num ber of miles he had travelled were 1056. He had; visited 156 families, and conducted 51 services! Mr. Madigan, who is about to leave Sydney for Cook town with his wife, briefly recounted some, of his missionary labours during the last thirtoen years. The meeting closed at 10 o'clock. The foundation-stone of the new Anglican Church of All Saints, in Ocean- street, Woollahra, was laid last Saturday afternoon by the Right Rev. Dr. Barker, Bishop of Sydney, in the prosence af a large number of the clergy and laity. Amongst the clergy men present were the Rev. Messrs. H. Mort, Canon Stephen, Mitchell, Saliniere, Orton, Hilder, Cave Browne-Cave, Rogers, Heydon, Rich, Unwin,' Lums dainè, G. H. Morton, Symonds, and Gunther. The laity comprised the churchwardens of the parish, the Hon; Thomas S. Mort and most of the leading resi dents. Shortly after 3 o'clook tho Bishop of Sydney, and the clergy robed in surplices, proceeded from the Woollahra school to the site of tho now church, which is enclosed. When the congregation had assembled around the stone, the first-part of the service began by the choir of the Rev. T. Kemmis, St. Mark's Church, singing, together with the congrega tion,1 the hymn commencing, "The Church's ono foundation is Jesus Christ her Lord." The Bishop, with tho assemblage* repeating the responses, recited the ante- Communion, which was followed by the sing ing of Psalm cxxxiL The proper lessons, 1st Corinthians, ehapter iii, verses 1 to 18, were then read, und the. Bishop afterwards engaged in prayer. The collects for the following festivals-SS. Simon and Jude, St. Bar tholomew, St. Mark, St. Matthias, and All Saints werö next read, and the choir sang the hymn, "Who are these like stars appearing?" A parchment scroll waB ithen read. and deposited in tho cavity. of the stone in a sealed bottle, which also contained copies bf the daily newspapers. The Lord Bishop of Sydney having spread the mortar with the accustomed formalities, said: "I lay this as the foundation-stone of a' church to be built in this place, to be named ' All Saints' Church,' in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The hymn, " Christ, is our Corner-stone," was , then sung. After tho sublime prayer, for tho dedication of the ohurch to the, service of God, the Lord Bishop of Sydney delivered a,. most impressive sermon suitable to the occasion. The imposing ceremony was concluded by the choir singing the , hymn beginning with tho words, " Onward,,, Christian Soldiers," and the Apostolic benediction.', A. collection was then made, and the principal portion of. the company adjournod to Greenoaks, the residence'of the . Hon. Thomas Mort, Darling Point, to inspect the picture gallory and grounds. All ; . Saints', Church, when completod, ' is estimated to seat seven hundred worshippers ; but at present it is proposed to build the chancel and so muon of the main building as will accommodate three hundred; persons. The ohurch will be built in the decorated, stylo. The total length of the nave and chancel in side ; will bo 160 feet, with a width of 70 feet. The nave and aisles are 79 feet long by 54 feet in width. The !ohanoel is 56 feet by 26 feet, and the length of the walls of the clerestory is 36 feet. At the west end of the edifice will be a tower, the spire of which will be 180 feet high. Most of the fittings, windows, &a;, have been promised, and judging from the architectural drawings, All Saints' Church bids fair to be one_of the most picturesque and beautiful churches in the metropolis. The architect of tho building is Mr. E. T. Blaoket. The incumbent of the church is the Rev. [ Henry Mort (son of Mr. Henry Mort), who recently came from England, and is engaged at present as a-; curate at the Anglican Church, Parramatta. The amount already subscribed is about £4000, of which sum Mr. Mort contributed £2000, and Sir Daniel Cooper £1000. DEPUTATION TO THE MINISTER FOB LANDS. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. J. G. 0?Conrior, J.- A. Cunneen, J. F. Burns, and Chas. Moore, MÍL.A.S, and Messrs. W. Bradley, J. Hardie, -. Linsley, J. Mullens, and J. Pope, waited upon the Hon. J. S. Farnelljon Wednesday, respecting- the re? sumption of land at Cabbagetree Bay (Bungaroo Norah), between Lake Macquarie and Broken Bay, which is the only outlet to a largo coal-bearing dis trict.'-Mr. Cunneen introduced the deputation, and explained that their object in waiting upon tho Minister was to secure the resumption of some two aores of land in Cabbagetree Bay, a portion of the pro perty of Mr. E. H. Hargraves. This land formed tho only available spot suited for shipping the vast stores of coal known to exist upon the Crown lands taken up by capitalists; and if it were resumed so that shipment could be obtained, the rest of tho land would be leased, the mines worked, and tho interest of the colony ad vanced generally. Tho question whether this portion of tho colony was, to be of immense importance rested upon the resumption of this land, and the consoquont faoility offered to get an access to market. Tho.ex tension of the coal trade, ho need hardly point out, was of great moment, seeing that New South Wales alone , had largo deposits of tho mineral for which such Jin. unceasing demand was made from all tho other colonies, and the Eastern hémisphère generally. There hud' unfortunately beon great mistakes made in alienating tho koys to large tracts of laud as in this case, and the Government would be acting wisely by repairing tue errors oommittod by their predecessors. Mr. Cunneen thon instanced soveral cases whore land had boen re sumed when required for purposes like tho present. . Mr. Josiah Mullens said ho was credibly informed that this shipping place at Bungaree Norah was tho only available one for ships of the tonnage required, lt was well known to many masters of vossols and o.tu°i'B . as a safe harbour of refuge from tho galos that blew on the coast. Mr. Hargraves was willing to givo up his olaim to the land upon roasonablo compensation being awardod to him, especially as ho í»"'1 900 moro acres in tho immediate vicinity. ,If wharves wore erected there at tho placo indicate", oxcollent communication with the coal country °.°1m" bo obtained o vor lovel roadif, aud thoro wera also viiwgp rcseives, and every faoility for tho establishment ol *? township and thriving port at Cabbagetree Bay. Th« Snmènt might also proclaim roads from the bay t( the S end of Lake Macquarie, if they dealt witl Mr Hargraves; and steam colliers of large tonnage Maid load easily from the ,mines, which were exhaust ul In fact, the whole opening up and prosperity f( ! snlondid distriot hinged upon the resumption of om Sk bit of land. Mr. J. Gr. O^onnor thought if th« Miniater promiscd to ascertain that tho interests to b< furthered were of sufficient importance, and then.te nlace himself in communication with Mr. Hargraves theobieot of tho deputation would be obtained.-.¿ discussion respecting the establishment of wharves oi tho ground, if resumed by the Government, espe ttially as to whose duty it wouldba to erect them, .tool place . and Mr. Alderman Linsloy mentioned inoi dentally, that upon one block of land of 2530 acres, ii which he was interested, it had been computed bi Messrs. M'Kenzie and Winship that, there wen 70 OOO OOO tons'of coal.-Mr. Farnell, after/making J few pertinent inquiries, said he would have to ascer tain several material facts, viz., the extent of Oro wi lands taken up in the locality, the probability of tin place being developed and becoming a payable coal field ' then, that there was no other port of shipmen mere accessible er better suited for the purpose. Th bay would have to.be surveyed, and every care taken ti provide against unwarranted expenditure. All thes necessary precautions having been taken, and the in formation obtained by the surveyors and others, th land would be resumed by Act of Parliament, if such i course were deemed advisable. After receiving a! assurance from Mr. Farnell that he would lose no tun in making the necessary inquiries, the deputatioi exprésséd their thanks, and withdrew. The first of a course of lectures in connection with the "New South Wales Association for the Pro motion of Morality," was delivered in tho MsBonii Hall, York-street, on Wednesday. The Metropolitai Bishop took tho chair at half-past 7 o'clock ; and trier was a very fair attendance, composed chiefly of ladies On tho platform were Hon. Geo. A. Lloyd, M.L.A. Dr. Moffitt, Rev. E. C. Pritchard, Rev. G. C. Bode Messrs. 0. Lester, J.P. ; J. Watson, M.L.A. ; W Crane, J.P. ; R. G, Reading, J.P. ; and Alexande: Stuart. Rev. G. C. Bode opened tho proceedings witl prayer, at tho request of tho President, and in accord ance with the usual custom of the society. Tho Bishoi stated that lie had been asked to take the chaira! president of the society. He expressed his pleasure ii doing so, and was glad that it gave him an opportunity of expressing his high appreciation of tho talents nnc labour of tho Rev. Mr. Graham. He then oalled upor Rev. Mr. Graham, who proceeded to address the meet ing en the subject-" Connection of Morality witl Religion"-after paying a compliment to tin Bishop on the manner in which he joined with others in the good work, under the auspices oi this society. Morality was closely connected with rè ligion. Dr. Johnson defines religion in such a man ner as to include morality. They are twin stems pi one robt.' Ho did not say that there was rio morality where there was rio religion ; nor that it followed as s matter, of necessity that a high state of morality alwayt existed where there was a profession pf religion. Either propositions is incorrect. But morality:anc religion are still combined and ever found to act anc react on each other. It was often said that any re ligion' is better than none ; but this again wat inoorrect, when that religion fails to teach or itt spire morality. Religion and morality might bi assimilated to the two great ventricles of: the heart, without either of which it would weaken and finally cease to act.. He spoke of the effect: of Christ's divine teachings, which were intended to embrace the honour of God with tho good of man kind. No ono could deny the mornl effects of - Ohrist'i teaching, showing that there was, and always will be a strong connection between morality and religion Christ's religion was HÍB own, and He had ondeavourec and succeeded in connecting the schism which existec between morality and religion. A bishop said; ir speaking of the effects of conscie-ioo, that if conscience had its rightful power, it would govern the1 world, Christ has reinstated it, and its effects are continual^ being felt. He then mentioned the effects of conscience on criminals, both before and after committing orime. Every i parable Jesus spoke ; and every miracle He wrought, every sermon He preached, arid overy . prayer, act of love and zeal-al] are fuel for self-sacrificing morality. He left «His example for all who . would follow. To build not on morality is to ensure failure ; while to practice Christ's high morality together with HIB religion, is to build upon a rock. Paul declares that to lead a moral life is the very design of God, and all his teachings show that morality and religion are organioally united. The rev. lecturer read extracts from tho books of the Apostles to show that they were unmistakable witnesses of the inseparable character of morality and religion, while Jesus Christ had taught throughout His life that faith and morals were united. Abovu all other things in the world, the atonement of Jesus Christ proves the inseparable connection of morality and religion. The leavening effects of morals have been felt throughout the world with such wondor fuUffoots, that weshouldnot believe immorality existed to any very great extent had we not the proofs athand. Ho spoke of the scenes which were the religion of the capital of the world whon Jesus Christ came into the world, and whioh finally died out against the operations of faith and morality. The Coliseum has been closed against human butchery, and opened for the preach ing of Christ. Wherever the religion of Christ has been established, it has proved its ability to cleanse Sui. l)UIU"y what was previously only stagnant, w.Ty waters/ He thought ho had shown thvt morality without religion was stagnant water ;but let them both oo combined, and they formed an overflowing stream OT.PJE water. Spoakingof the Morality Society, ho said that its statistics showed there waB a fearful amount pf immorality in Sydney ; but with Christ ?Uov°them, they could not, and dare not, despair }n their, good work of decreasing the "tunorabty which now oxists. Their weapons in this werai warfare were Christian men aud women, who »none and burned iu Christian holiness. The work re quires devotion and self-donial ; not abstract morality er theoretical religion, but by the supply of tho Spirit of Jesus Christ, and by imitating His life. Let the Wornhty Society work in the spirit of Christ, and it win do groat exploits. The great agencies of the society woro the pulpit and the Sunday-school. Let thom also oe practical; bring God very.near them as an abiding tweT\or their aiai would fniL Lot thom onGh Plv «"»r task as under the cognisance of the Saviour, ^y.or forgetting that with Christianity alono can tho «estred results be gained. Christianity had done much, ann it was fully equal to what remamod. (Oheors.) A« r<?iore.nd lecturer was loudly applauded at 2«.pmfl?^Pn of hîs vory aWo« exhaustive, and in wresting lecture, tho delivery of whioh occupied about rl.,iUr and a sartor. Mr. Watson, M.L.A., pro Rev ArV04°.of thftnks totho roverond lecturer. The (îftïw.i î. Pnt°h&rd; seconded tho motion, whioh was S? by a(Jßlamatien.. Tho President, with great S^',amiouncod' tho vote of thanks to tho wiu lootîlrer' and expressed a wish that ho would OrnL ovei'to tll° society for publication. Rev. Mr. «rS?iWas *hanWul that the leoturo had been np 'ooiotv A H ho wMHnffly gave it over to the diotinn 4.1 tuo l'rasidont had pronounced tho bene-. tiou attao*!dTorBtÍUS 0l08Cd' Th°r0 waBthousual coUo0' 