THE MOTHER'S GHOST. Svend biyring he ride.h adown the clade; There he -hath wooed him so winsome a nzaid. Together they were fr seven years, And together children six were thiers. Then came death abroad. through the land, And blighted the beanuiful lily wand. Svend Dyring he rndeth adowu the glide, Aud again ht? hath. wooes him auuLher maid. He hath wooed him a maid and brought home a bride, but sihe wa?Hbitter and full of pride. When st?aiue driving intzi the yard, There stoodl the sir. childreu weepiug so harid. There stood the small children with nIifUrtiful hearts Frrcb before her feet she thrust them apart. She gave to them neither ale nor bread "Yeseall suffer hunger and haie." she said. She tookl fr'-m them their quilts ofbhle, And saihLd_.Yahall lie. on the.atraw we strew." She took.from them the graat waxlight " N.w, ye shall lie in the dark at nigat"' In the evenlinf late they cri- I with cold.; The muther heard it under the' mould. The woman heard it thte earthbelow ; " To.my little children I umwr go !'' She asrudeth befor? :he Lord of all,. " A'id may f'ga, to my children small 1" She' prayed Him so luong. andd would not ice?sBe. jintil be bade her depart in peace. %'At cockcrow thou shalt, return agin; Iqnger. thou shalt unt there remain ! - She girdod up. her sorrowful buoes,, And. rifteoi the walls and the marble stones, Asdthrough the village she flitted by, The watchdo.:s bowled aloud to.lhe, sky. When.she came to the catle gate There stood the eldest daughterin wait Whep,sbe came io at the chamber door TherB sbtwidthe snall children weepiig. sore One she braided, auother she brashed,. i' Thea third she. lifted,, the forMLh.the hushed. UTe ifth she took. on. her, lap' and _pressed,. A$ ifabhe would suck!e it at ber breast, Then to.her-eldest daug4ter said.hye-4 I? p thb'b'id Sv~id Dyribtgcconijttlier to. me."' Ipto-tt:bbshaberl:wjen becamel: ?- . ..' She spak to bitu in anger,and shame;. ' I left behliul th t'oth ale.aud bread , My clilfrei'tiunger and-ara not'fed.. .ileft behind me quilts:oftnol.. My children Ih on the straw .yaetrew;t I, left behind me the great waxlight,. My dhiildren lie ii the dark'atnighL.. ;,i If I comie.gaain upto your.hall,. , .. As cruel a fateshall you befall. Now crows.the cock with.fvaehersaed,. Back,to the earth must aU the dead. . NoW diowý tiýe' rfco with feathers'.mart, Tine gates of he.tveL fly.wide apart. Now crows the cck witl feathers white,. I? la abide no longer toniiht."-' - - Wi?S?itr' -they;-Leard 'the watchdos' "'Was3 * Th?iy'?ve the 'bildren l;iead -and ale';: Whhe'er, th'ey heard.the watchdogs Day, They. fesred- lest the: ded were. ututhei( Wdtfear r they. 'heard ýthe watchdogs batrk. They-feared the dead: out there in the -,Edark .. .. \- ' L . . L--Ie oLw 