ARRIVAL OF THE CALIFORNIA^ MAIL dtjke of Edinburgh's mareiage. The marriage ceremony of the Duke of EJia burgh and the Princess Marie commenced at no;a on the 23rd January, in the presence of a assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palaces and the surrounding galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired ; the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the grand equerries, chamberlains, and other officers of the Coari Leading them came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. .Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparrelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then .followed - an immense procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Curassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the'Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian coloneL All were decorated with the Russian Order of St Andrew. The Princess o£ Wales was dressed, in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace: the Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style ; the Russian Princess's dress was blue velret ank gold. Prince Arthur . acted as one of ths groomsmen. All wore silver Wedding favors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian church, ™ received by the metropolitan head of theEusssiaa Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. TL^ ^jnperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to ihe middle ot the church, ammming his station with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood PrinceAxtkar and" the Grand'Dokes. The weiMiag rings, bome on^olden. salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until' plaied on the fingeis of theftmdeiamd bridegroom.' : The.magnificent chapel was TtUnmihated-wifh innumerable wax candles; the floor WBS covered with velvet, crimson, and gold carpet; the pillars and altar with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was oniqne in the absenc of mn- Chants and intoned, prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the headsiof the. bridal pur, Prince Arthur holding the crown over the rDoke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said ; " Thira servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art .crowned for this banctaiai iel1 of God,Maria AlexandraJ-in the name of the Father, the So% aiicL the Eply Ghost" Prince Arthur, " ~ 'tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved, -to .the Ephesians, 3th chap ter, 20th an i'#eraes, were read. After the reading was ^i '"di the marriage of Cana of Galilee was rea" 3 and Lptevraiketljthrice round, the rais 1 " tne tip of'the 'confessor'e robe -sriii "le in the other. At the con- _ J>n.'pi this"ceremony the sacramental cup vts brought forward, blessed and partaken of '"i' "the bndal pair,~tiie confessor -presenting the cross, mich T MsgeiL i :l c Afterirard! >choir sang "Glory to Thee, O Lord!" concluding with a baiediction. , This endad-the Greek serv ices. The pro ce^nihen'sLow^VfcrmS, 'proceed.: • f • H>» pf Alexander'fOT'QieAnglican service. The vralu were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, •who during Ehe somńfiatiod ttf the Greek Church Bervice, wore a -Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Diraii^hit^d^fe^iii'dirho now appeared on the alter wearing an Episcopal suiphce with » around his neck, wis lasasted ; by faro resident English clergymen, feti the^AjnaS^iiaJa. the English consuls trere •'eW^'MStiw-Selt^- Hie altar. Conspicuous ammig them was Govanor Jewett, the Aniencan Mińster, ł«rd 'I«f6is, the English Minister, aiii diplain»Jac officials. Many English officers were also present Esp«aJi%. : .lobto|le: 3 wife the venerable Prince Gortsnakoff, _pirrpnndei.by Jeading members of ite Russian nobility' The chants were giren by Htissian. chorister .lads, in long crimson dresses. When; the marriage rprocession entered, the bride \ralked ^betyreen ber father sad the bridegroom. Prince Arttor TraJked baŁittd. The beautiful Anglican weddingEervice'was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley,"the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the book of Commonfrayer. The delivery : of the final benediction, " God the Father, Godihe Son, God the Holy Ghost, bless, preserve, and help you," -was .especially touching. '-The ^services; being concluded, DeanS tanley congratulated the ^ewiy-' . married couple. Several Roman .Catholic dignitaries' , were present. The bride looked tamest, sweet,fair^ ' faced; the bridegroom grave, Belf-possessed- The . Princess of Wales was loveljypalq, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy —the image of jier mother, Queen, yictoria. The Pnnee of Wales'was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked. Trail. Soring the ceremony in the Wnglncli chapd the Iljnpress of ItussiiL, being ą confirmed invalid and fatigued; seemed overcome, and riade a motion of holding^' a 'handkerchief to" her, .eyts, when the marrie^poupleEalutedrher.- The.-ceremony,-being "concluded, the crowd dispersed. Thecewas only ą limited display óf popular enthusiasm. AnilluminsP tion of the jmbllć squares "toot-place, andfhegeneral scene was one of splendid festivity: The scene' formed ań extraordinary combination of ceremony/ wealth, -pomp,'rand- spIen^W After the marriage' rites there wM«ba^et'atthe-Palaec,-andsubBe3 quently a ball at the gorgeous hall At the close of the ball the -bridal-couple were formally mardied tc3 the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Empei . and "thfe officers 5of fte Cbtort' The festivities 1 Tvfere; continnedafter the retirameiitiof the happy couple, . theEmperor beingpresenŁ' i " 