BLONDIN IN A STRAIT. The following episode in the ensreer of this prince of gymnasts is narrated by one who weeas a witness of the trying scene described : Blondin was announced to walk a rope of great length and unusual height at the grounds of the Liver pool Zoological Gardens Company on a Saturday afternoon of one of the summer months of the year 1861, the most sensational part of the performance being to wheel a barrow, containing a lion, from one extreme and of the stretch of rope to the other, the distance being about 600 yards. The day being a de lightful one, I visited the grounds early, and wit nessed the king of the rope-walkers' arrival in his carriage, drawn by a pair of greys; as you must know that Blondin wee at the time the lion of the day, as well as being one of the beast-paid performers of the classe then extant, his fee being 100 guineas for each ascent, or for each performance gone through by him. In appearance he is rather preposseses ing, eof faair complexion, well-built, below the medium height, remarkably muscular, and in weight between 10st. and lest. Before proceeding with the senusa tional part of this narrative, it would be as well to describe the means and appliances by which the rope, or, correctly speaking, the hawser, was stretched, the better to enable my readers to form as acsurate a conception as possible of the awkward dilemma that the hero of this story found himself placed in. Two lowermaests and topmaste of a ship of large tonnage having been secured and firmly embedded in the ground, were steadied with the uonsual shrouds, stays, and guys, and placed on end exactly as ship's maste would be, with this exception, that the tope occupied the place of the eroestrees the better to enable the performer and his accomplices to adjust themselves preparatory to going through (and as a starting and resting point) the many evolutions characteristic of tight-rope walking. The bawser was stretched from one masthead to the other, and set up on the ground behind by a tremendous purchase, but owing to the great span between the masts, it hung in the form of a semi-circle; rather a stiff decline and incline for a gymnast having a loaded wheelbarrow to trundle be. fore him. The time for the performance having ar rived, Blondin was seen being hauled to one of the mastheada sitting in a boatewain's chair, an article of furniture that certainly would nut be classead as portion of a drawing-room suite, but although t-de, and simple in its make, it has been found to perform many kind offices, both on sea and land, as all nautical men can testify. Everything ready, a band of well- trained musicians struck up a favourite marching air, the hero of Niagara at the same time footing the rope in slow, steady, and cau tious manner; but gradually increasing his walk, or dance, into a gallop, keeping admirable time with his feet on the rope, and before the centre was reached the performer had attained the velocity of a pedestrian in a race contending for a trophy. The centre gained, a rest was indulged in, the athlete sitting down on the rope on his balancing-pole, which in itself was no mean item for a man to carry being thirty feet in length and 601b. in weight. After a short rest the spectators were amused at the performer going through several evolutions, sueb as standing on his head, turn ing summereasulte, hanging by his toes, and lying at full length on the rope: In due course a movement was again made, and the opposite masthead reached, where everything was being prepared for the great feat of the day. It was nowobserved thatthemen in attendance werebusyingthemselves secaringthe lion inthe barrow, and lashing it to the sides of the performert; this over, Blondinreappearedagain to the fore with hisloadlashed to him, hie ever trusty balaneing-pole in his hand. He appeared in his grandest position, and although I had witnessed many daring and startling performances this outried them all. There stood Blondin, a pheno menon of skill and daring, with his ponderous load in front, everything depending upon his nerve and strength, as to whether the long line of hemp before him was to be passed over in safety or not. It was a thrilling and exciting spectacle, the lion being so placed that his head lay over the fodje part of the bar row, his eyes peering down on the assembled multi tudes below, as if challenging them to mount and tolt low him-the king of the forest-and his compeer the king of the gymnasts. The band being again, called into requisition, a start was made; and as I have said before, the rope hanging in a semi-circular form, the decline from each masthead was somewhat precipitoues; so, to prevent the wheelbarrow obtaining too much impetus in its descent, a small line was at t?chked to keep it in cheek, attended to by s person on the platform, or top, at the masthead. On walked Blondin, trundling his load before him, which must have been doubly difficult, owing to his abonds being fully engaged eteadying himself with his pole, when, through sums stupid bungling on the part of the individual who had charge of the line, he let it slip out of his hands. An exclamation of horror and surprise rang through the assembled masses, who on this occasion were said )o number 100,000 spectators, at this unforeseen ciricumetance?. The excitement now became intense, and those who had taken up positions immediately under the rope, or hawser, betook themselves to los dangerous places, as everyone anticipated that the hero of this' story would be precipitated, together with his comrade in danger, to mother earth. The wheelbarrow, deprived bf its hobeck, hurried onwards at a terriflpace ; down, down, the incline of rope with frightful rapidity. It was now seen that Blondin was a perfect master of the art of rope-walking,as be manwuvred'ainitetdied himself in really gallant style. The line lhat had been let go became entangled in the topmasetb'anches of some trees, whither it bed fallen, ' The worest fears were now entertained for the safety of the performer, as it appeared evident that on the line becoming taut he would be either jerked off the hawser or prevented from reaching his destination the opposite masthead. The excitement at this stige was painful in the extreme, everything being as silent. as the grave; and I almost began to reproach myself for being present to witness the apparent and inevi table destruction of this daring fellow. But not so. Blondia being equal to any and every emergency; he. was seen to lesan over in the direction of the entangled line, his equilibrium being splendidly maintained by the dexterous use of the balancing-pole. Two dangers had now been averted-the one to have been pulled off the rope by the barrow in its descent, the other to have been jerked off on the cheek-line becoming taut. What was now to be done? seamed to etrike everyone. However,afterxemininig motion less for a ebort'time, like a statue in the elements, a backward movement was made.. Cheer after oheer arose from the vast concourse of spectators at this movement, and the majority seemed relieved of an amount of uneaesiness and aunxiety-conomitanta of a semen of peril. Blondin completed bis extremely difficult backward journey in admirable style, but he was immensely exhausted on reaching the platform. After an interval of rest-nothing daunted-another attempt was made, and the tremendous estretch of hemp. was, without a hitch, passed over in really gallant style, being a feat of daring, skill, ae strength seldom or never witnessed. It will be in the recollection of our readers tliat i; May hast, two young children named Burns, lost their arms in a bark mill atPortled,"Victoria. Aeaubsorip tion was started in their behalf in the National Schools, of which the Argue says:-" We are, happy to an nounce that the satisfactory sum of £966 10s. has been sent to us for the benefit of the little victims of the Portland acceident, the" two Barns boys. Of this amount the magnificeent donation of £721 19s. 6d. omes from the various schools of the colony, princi pally from the State institutions. The fact is so creditable to the Victorian boys and girls, that we would suggest that, when the list is closed, the story of the accident, and of the response made to the appeal on behalf of the snufferere, should be recorded in some public building connected with the department of Education. JoS BILrINos oN GnosTs.-A ghost is about 5 foot 7 inches in hight, and weighs from 4 to 6 ounces. They are or the maskulise and feminine notur, but principally nutur. They ain't afraid or nothing, and will hang around a graveyard as kare less as a ekoolboy will around a norchard in green apple time. They are like a grate menny other things in this world-often heard or, butseldum seen. I will gir 1500 dollars to see a ghost, and 250 dollars more to own one; but i want one kaught whole, and not hurt. Mi friend Phineas T. Barnum will take a whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrell about the gender. .Therefore, bring your ghosts. Ghosts allwuns dress in a wits nitagown sort of a rig, and are the quickest things that hay ever been trotted out yet. Their ordinary gait is a mile in a seckund, but it in sod for a purse they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in publik for monny-private time is allwns suspishus. Whi don't some of our agricultural boss-trot esseseiashuns offer a ghost puss, free for all ghosts. It would draw like a mustard plaster in the month of August. So it weould. 