SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Monday. One inch of rain fell yesterday. Several thousand children are suffering from measles in Adelaide. The Moouta directors discharged some of the strike agitators. The Next English Mail.— The B.M.S. Goleonda brings the European mails this month, and if she has any lnsi she should have already reached King George's Sound. She was two days before her time when she started from Point de Galle, and under these circumstances sue should be at Adelaide au Saturday next. Beechworth Cricket Club.— A meeting of the members of this club was held on Friday evening at the Benevolent Asylum Com mittee Boom. Present : Messrs W. G. Brett (in the chair), T. W. Bentley, G. Gammon, F. Allen, Geo. Boss, J. M'Ewau, Miller, and H. D. Fisher. The general opinion of the cricketers of Beechworth, and the outside public who -admire and support this manly game, is that the club, now that the new ground will be ready for the wickets this season, should be placed on its former pre eminent footing. The members of the club have already made a good begining inasmuch as they have put their own shoulders to the wheel. Last Saturday they partly cleared away the rubbish and commenced rolling the new grass, and on Saturday they mean again to |go to work and also to play their firsi scratch match for the season. The old blood is in a great measure still to the fore, and there is plenty of new blood ready to he in fused. The hon. treasurer brought -up a true statement showing that at the end of the current' financial year the club would have liabilities amounting to £13 lis 61. Mr Bentley moved, and Mr Brett seconded, that Mr Frederick Allen he President of the club for the ensuing season ; carried. Mr Bentley moved, and Mr Allen seconded, that Mr George Billson, jun., he Vice-President ; carried. Mr Bentley moved, and Mr Gammon seconded, that Mr Hy. D. Fisher be secretary ; carried. Moved by Mr Gammon, seconded hy Mr Allen, that Mr Bentley be treasurer, carried. Mr Bentley moved, and Mr Gammon seconded, that the subscription for the season should- be one guinea and half a guinea for members under 21 years of age ; carried. The following were appointed members of committee in addition- to the honorary officers : Messrs Strugnell,. M'Conechy, Boss, Miller, M'Ewau, and Bell. It was moved hy Mr Gammon, seconded by- Mr Beatley, " that the tlianks of the members- ; of the Cricket Club are due to- the ladies and: gentlemen who kindly assisted the Club hy an amateur concert carried- by acclamation. The gross-amount taken for this conceit was £25 los. The meeting then adjourned. Oddfellowship. — Brother George Hoad, one of the oldest Oddfellows in ths district, was buried at Wangaratta on- Sunday last There was a fair attendance cf' the brother- hood, some having come from a considerable distance. The Yen. Archdeacon Tucker offi ciated, and P.&. Win. Wilson, at the conclu- ion of the Church service, -read' the Odd fellows' service over the remains of their sdeceased brother. Certificate of Discharge. — At the Mel bourne Insolvent Court, before His Henor Judge Polilman, a certificate of- discharge under the old act, was granted to J. Dudley. Jones, of Omeo, farmer. Wangaratta Police Court. — At this conrt, on Monday, before Mr Holmes.,. P.M., the following cases was heard : — William Burke was charged with being drunk end-disorderly. The defendant pleaded guilty. Fined 5s, in default 12 hours imprisonment.. George Williams was similarly charge!. Fiued 5s, in default 12 hours imprisonment. The s ime two defendants were charged with destroying Government property, to the amount of 10s-9d, in- the lock-up, Wangaratta. They were each fined 5s, with 5s costs. Thomas Newman was charged by Constable Considine, crownj' land bailiff, Greta, with having stripped hark. The defendant said he had no license, stating that he did not know that he was doing any harm by stripping a few sheets of bark for his own use. Fiued 10s, with 5s costs, two hours allowed for pay ment, in default distress, in default three days imprisonment. James Knight was similarly charged. He pleaded guilty. Fined 10s, with as costs, two hours allowed for pay ment, iu default distress, in default three pay3 imprisonment. The court then ad journed. Beported Failure. — Some excitement was created in Beechworth yesterday by the report of a failure at Newtown to the amount of, it is said, £1500. There was an apparently hurried meeting of creditors at the Post Office Hotel, but no satisfactory statement was made-and no conclusion come to. It is supposed the estate will be placed in the Insolvent Court. Contract Accepted. — Bemoving lock-up and constructing stable and forage store at Police Station, Bright, £159 los,. Mr Thomas McCarrick. The Cornish "United Claam,. Bright. — Tie manager of this claim reports on Satur day last that the prospects in Herbert tunnel are improving, and the gold very much coarser: 16 feet driven for the week. We have ahout-30 tons ready for crushing. Samples of the gold may be seen at the office of the manager. Mr Daddo's Estate. — The Begistrar has granted probate to the estate of Mr James W. Daddo ; the amount is stated at £10. Beechworth Carnival Committee. — The ordinary weekly meeting was held last even ing. Present : Mr Bentley (chairman) Messrs Boss, Bodgers, Finch, Gammon, Francis, Bawlings, Jenkyns, J. Hamlet Taylor, Taylor, junior, and William Newson, junior. The minutes of the last meet ing were read and confirmed. Mr Taylor reported that he had communicated with several hands as to the music, namely : — the Bendigo.Bifle3, Hallas' Sandhurst City Band, the Collingwood, the Emerald Hill, and Gee- long hands and Mr Chapman, of Melbourne. There had not been sufficient time for answers and one answer only, namely from Mr Chap man had been received. This letter was read but no action was taken, pending replies from the others. A flower, fruit, and poultry show was added to the programme, also a show of singing and other caged birds. A proposed list of prizes was read by Mr Bentley, and was handed to Mr Francis to ask the following gentlemen to act with him as a special com mittee, and report on the prizes, &a.;, at next meeting : — The Kev.'Mr Howard, Messrs Hodgson, Bundle and Scarlett. The meeting, after some slight additions to the programme, adjourned till next Monday. Wodonga a Warehousing Port. — It is noti fied for general information that, under the provisions of the 3rd section of the Act 27 Yict., No. 169, His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to aopoint the Port of Wodonga, on the Biver .Murray, to be a Warehousing Port. Such appointment took effect from the 5th May last. Oxlet Police Court. — At this court, on Saturday, before Mr Howitt, P.M., and Mr J. T. Bell and Mr R. Wood, J.P.'s, the fol lowing cases were dealt with : — Police v Peter Grimm ; permitting a room in hi3 licensed house at Osley to be used as a dancing saloon. Mounted Constable Arthur deposed that he had spoken to defendant about his having permitted a room in his house to be used for dancing on the 6th July last; defendant said it was a private dance ; did "not see the dance himself. David Sparks, a laborer, at Oxley, deposed that he was at the dance referred to hy the constable, hut could not recollect the exact date; the dance took place in the dining-room of the hotel ; could not say what time it was over. Hugh Jamieson stated that he was at the dance at Grimm's Hotel on the night, in question ; it was about the 6th or 7tb of July last ; could not say what time the dance was kept np ; did not pay for admittance, as be boarded there ; there were a few people of the place there. Defendant said that he had had his child christened on that day, and asked a few friends to a soiree; he aid not say what it consisted of. Case dismissed. Martin v Kirknp ; abusive language. Sum mons not served. Summons enlarged to 10th October. Warren v Bourke ; claim £2 los, goods and delivered. Settled out of court. Frederick Warren v Joseph Clancy: claim for 10s goods sold and delivered. Settled out of court. Warren v Bowdren ; claim for 12s 6d, goods sold and delivered. 10s having been paid on account, an order was made for 2s 6d, and 5s costs. Colin Gardner v Charles Biever ; claim for £1 lis 2d, goods sold and cash lent. Mr Gardner stated defendant had been in his employment, md that on the Stli inst. he left, and came to lim for a settle ment ; gave him a cheque for the balance of his account, but afterwards found that he had items amounting to £1 lis 2d to claim from him ; they were not posted in.the ledger at the time of settlement ; asied defendant for the money ; defendant said he had given his cheque to his mate, but thiu he would get it from him, and pay the money ; he did not do so, and he therefore sued bin. Mr Lang- tree, of Wangaratta, who appeared for defen dant, examined him for the defence, and he stated that he went to plaintif for a settle ment as he was leaving his employment ; defendant did not give him a lill of what he owed, but- told him that the hilance coming to him was £5 odd, and gave aim a cheque for it ; asked him if he owed aiytbing more ; plaintiff said not. Plaintiff here pointed out that the goods were charged on the 10th, tv/o days after the settlement, but dd not produce his storeman to prove delivery. Mr Laugtree addressed the- bench and said piaintiff had his remedy in the County Court. The case was thereupon struek oat. — The Migistrates then sat as a Licensing bench : — Jchn Carey ap plied for a license for his home at Laeeby.. Mr Langtree appeared for ax-plicant. The police stated that the house would be a good one when finished, which it wasnot at present. Adjourned to 10th October. — Benjamin Chadd applied for a license for bis house at Lacehy. :Mt Langtree appeared to support the applica tion, and the police reported very favorably as to the house and its accommcdatioD. Granted. — Edward O'Neil then applied for a license for a house at Greta. Constable Considine stated that the house was delapidated, the furniture delapidated, the outhouses delapi- dated, sure it was all delapidatiou. The bench told the applicant that he might renew his ap plication on the 10th October, and if the police reported favorably on the state of his house and. premises then, he might get, a license. — The court then adjourned. Electoral Begistrars. — The Governor has been pleased to make the following appoint ments : — Mr James Scott to be deputy electoral registrar for the Tarrawingee Elec toral Division, and Mr P. Finn to be deputy electoral registrar for the Longwood Division. Beechworth Police Court. — Yesterday, before Mr A. W. Howitt, P.M., and Mr G. Gammon, J.P., John Oxley, an old and feeble-looking man, apparently in pain, was charged with having: obtained cash 9s 6d, a pair of trousers value 10s, and board Is from Samuel Evans, of Benalla, on the 21st of August last under false pretences. Con stable Mullans arrested prisoner on . war- rant produced. The description corresponded with that of prisoner. On being charged he said he was the man named. Sergeant Baber applied for his remand to- Benalla. Demanded accordingly for one week. — The Police and Others v- Yaekandandah Shire Council : An application for an order for £3 16a, medical fees and expenses- in the matter of James Murphy, a lunatic. No appearance of defendants. The application was granted. The-Court adjourned: Curious Fish. — Captain Shilling-, of the cutter Dido, has favored a Wellington paper with- an account of a curious fish that was seen hy himself and crew during, one of his recent trips. He describes the fish as being from. IS to 20 feet long, with an elongated shovel-nose shaped head and very large eyes, the body "black on- the hack and yellowish about the belly. It had something like the flippers of a seal.. only larger, situated about 1 or 5 feet from the head, and two tails, each about 6 feet long. When it came above water it made a snorting noise, hut it seemed to be very tame, and kept coming alongside the vessel, looking up at the crew intently. It wonld then stand up some five feet or so out of- the water. The fish remained close to the cutter about a quarter of an hour, and then glided towards Cook's Straits. Sheep Trafeic. — Upwards of 6000 fat sheep passed through Benalla on Monday last eii route to- Melbourne. A little more than half the number were conveyed by train, "but owing to there not beiDg a suffi ciency of trucks the remainder were travelled onto embark at Longwood. Complaints are made ;that nothing like adequate accommo dation for loading a large number of sheep has been made at this place, the yard and loading stage being much too small for what must soon become the place of embarkation for this central portion of the north-eastern district. — Ensign. Increased Coitiiunication and Commerce. — From a report of the Austrian Government on the Vienna Exhibition we gather the fol lowing interesting particulars respecting the increass of means of communication in various parts of the globe, during the last six years : — Lines of telegraph wire have in creased from 57,166 to 77,000 geographical miles, and a complete line now runs from San Francisco across the continent of America and the Atlantic, through Europe and Siberia, to the mouth of the Amour on the eastern con fines of Asia; whilst branch lines connect India, Japan, and Australia. The mileage of railways has increased during the same period from 21,500 to 37,300 miles ; and a calculation has been arrived at that no less than four millions of people are daily conveyed by this species of locomotion. By means of the postal service it is calculated that 3300 mil lions of letters circulate annually, or about nine-and-a-quarter millions a day, or 100 a second. In 1860 the value of the exports and imports over the face of the globe amounted, according to an Austrian statistician, Herr Kolb, to about 15,000 millions of florins, or 1500 millions sterling ; while ten years later, according to a French calculation; it had in creased to 23,170 millions of florins, or no less than 54 per cent. , Beechworth Warden's Court. — Yesterday before Mr Warden Howitt the following case was called : — Christian Miehe and ors. v Lafayette Broadhead and ors. This was a case of interference. Mr Brown for the com plainants ; Mr Zincke for the defendants. Mr Brown asked for an adjournment till Thurs day with a view to an arrangement between the parties. Mr Zincke said he would offer no objection, and the case was adjourned till Thursday. There was no other business. A Ladx's Understanding. — A charming young Parisian lady, whose only drawback is the size of her feet, wss telling a gentleman that on a recent visit to England the fog in London was so thick that she was unable to see her feet. " Are you quite sure," asked the gentleman,' with an extraordinary want of tact, and a most expressive glance at the lady's " understandings." The Gardens of the Bishop of Ely. — The Carnival committee seem determined not only to act upon ideas bf their own, entirely original, but to take np and work out all the good ideas that other people for want of suffi cient nous, allow to fall through, or leave, like our rich reefs, unworked. For instance, the Beechworth Horticultural Society have left them a splendid loop hole of which they are determined to tako advantage by having a fruit and flower show with which are to be com bined a show of dairy produce, a poultry show and a dog show. This seems to be a very good " line," and as there are ample room and accommodation on and under the Grand Stands for such exhibitions, where also an agreeable louuge might be afforded during the heat of the day, the " Gardens of the Bishop of Ely" are likely to become one of the great est attractions of the Beechworth Carnival. Drowning. — The Famicorih Ncics records the death of Miss Agues Hartley, of Manilla- The young lady attempted, on Tuesday, while on horseback, to cross the Namoi, eight miles above Manilla. The Namoi was rather high, in consequence of recent rains. The current proved to be too strong for her horse, and the animal being washed off its legs, its rider was precipitated into the stream and drowned. The body of the ill-fated girl was recovered on the following day. Superstition in Stbathbogie. — A few; days ago, a farmer in Strathbogie — a worthy elder of the church, too — who had been very unfortunate with his cattle, was determined to counteract the spell which seemed to have been cast over them,- and for that purpose gathered together an immonse quantity oi peats, ire., and the last animal that died was buried therein, the pile lighted, and the whole consumed. Whether the burning had the desired effect or not, we have yet to learn. This happened within a short distance of the ghost-haunted castle of Beldorney. An Ingenious Defence. — A soldier of a ! cavalry regiment during the Crimean war was brought up for stealing his comrade's ration- liquor. He was an Irishman, and his defence was unique. ' I'd be sorry indade, sur, to be called a thief. I pnt the liquor in the same bottle, and mine was at the bottom, and shure, I was obliged to drink his to get at my own. Och ! sur, I'd scorn to be a thief !" I don't know whether this very ingenious defence got him off or not. — ' Reminiscences of a Soldier,' hy Colonel W." E. Stuart. (Hurst and Blackett). . Fatal Accident. — The Mining Record re ports that Mr Charlss Burrett, of Euroka Station, died on Friday morning from injuries received from being carried against a tree by his horse on Tuesday, when about four miles distant from his home- Dr Wades was com municated with «s soon, as the accident was discovered, and he immediately went to the relief, of the sufferer, who he found had his collar-bone broken and several ribs fractured, one or more of which had penetrated the lung.. The injuries were so severe that the doctor from the first gave no hope of his patient's recovery, and, as before stated, his worst- predictions were verified yesterday morning, when we received intelligence that the sufferer had expired at 3 o'clock- A strange fatality has attended the Burrett family of late, within a few months death has laid his hand on no less than five of its members— father, mother, sister, and the two eldest, brothers have been called away, .and the last blow is the most severe of all, for- he was the mainstay of the family. Cruelty to Animals. — In an address de livered hy the Bishop of Manchester, in. St. Paul's Cathedral, London,, on the 21st June last, on the prophecy that a time would come when the wolf should lie down with the lamb, the Bishop defended Christianity from the charge that as a rule of. life it almost un touched man's duty to the lower animals, End in an eloquent passage strongly condemned pole, pigeon shooting, and other sports as beiDg a3 little in consonance with the temper of Christianity as gladiatoral contests at Some or buil-figat3 in i-eville. Immigration. — The Legislative Council re solved, on the motion of Mr Jenner : — " That it is desirablo, in the interests of the colony, that assisted immigration should be resumed," and recommonded to the Government " that early steps he taken with a view to the pro visions of the Immigration Act, No. 195, .being carried into practical operation." Discovery of Treasure at Coolangasta. — The Shoalhaven News states that a few days ago some workmen were removing a portion of Mr David Berry's premises at Coolangatta, for the purpose of effecting some improve ments, and while in the act of lowering a wall-plate, they were somewhat startled hy 'the shower of loose sovereigns, which came down " furious and fa3t" for some minutes. The sovereigns, which, we understand, are all of old English stamp, when picked up were iound to greatly exceed one thousand in number; and it was conjectured that they must, years ago, have been put in their late hiding-place hy one or other of the late Mr Berry's family, and were probably for gotten. The Beechworth Agricultural Society — now known as the North-Eastern Agricultural and Horticultural Association — we confess to a leaning for the old name— shows scarcely any signs of life, while the kindred societies at "Chiltern and Wangaratta have already had their Spring shows. This certainly can not he attributed to any lack of energy on the part of the very few Beechworth gentlemen — we had almost written the only one, Mr Bentley— who have taken the matter up, hut is entirely doe to the extraordinary apathy which exists amongst the farmers and others who are chiefly interested. We must again appeal to such men as Mr George Graham, Mr Bichard Thomson, Mr Connor, Mr Little, Mr Mackay, Mr- Wilson, and a few others as well as Mr Bentley to take the matter seriously in hand, and prepare for a.thoroughly good Autumn show. We are confident that there is plenty of money, and will be ample material for 3ucli a show. These few remarks are suggested hy the fact that Mr Mummery informs us he will at once set about thoroughly clearing a suitable piece of ground in Bow man's Forest, within five miles from Beech worth, for a ploughing match in the pruning season, hut is' at a loss to know to whom he should make the offer. A Few Nice Dividends. — Fifteen thnusgnq pounds in dividends for five weeks' work, in a qnartz mine, is not a had result (says the News) as times go. This is the outcome of the last crushing from the claim of the North Cross Beef Company. Unneighborly.— Mr Mast, formerly a but cher in Camp-street, and more lately pro prietor of the Butchers' Arms Hotel, Spring Creek, lately returned to this colony from a trip home to the Fatherland, and on his return determined to settle down as a publican in Melbourne. It will scarcely be conceived that upon his applying to the bench for a license, objection was made— owing to repre sentations, which there is no room to donbt came from Beechworth — to the effect that while here he kept a house of ill repute. Mr Mast naturally informed his friends here, and it may he imagined that so false and dastardly an imputation raised quite a storm of indig- tion, not only amongst his own compatriots here, but amongst his friends, irrespective of country. A memorial was immediately got up, and signed unhesitatingly by the members of the local licensing bench and several magis trates, stating that the objection was founded on misrepresentation. The police also were applied to, and testified to the same purpose, and the license was of course granted. Sly-grog Selling. — However sensible it may he that sly-grog selling should be sup pressed, it is not at all desirable that the. grossest injustice and tyranny should be prac tised in punishing persons who may he quite innocent of the offence. As the law stands at present, under the last clanse of the "Wines and Spirits Statute, an informer has only to swear that any person has sold him grog and his mere unsupported testimony is quite sufficient proof of the offence, although the accused mny be a person of at least as good character, and quite ready to swear to an en tirely different set of facts. Some cases of this kind have lately come before the Wanga ratta Police Court. In one of them Mr Mil lard one of the oldest residents of Wangaratta says the Star, and a man of good character, was prosecuted for sly-grog selling, and con victed, on the sworn evidence of an informer named Frederick Miller that he had bought a nobbier of brandy at his house, although Millard stated, and his daughter swore, that there was not a drop of brandy ia the place on the day iu question. Surely Millard's statement was as likely to he true as that of the witness. For our own part, unless -Mr Frederick Miller is an unusually wiite speci men of the informer species (and ve have no reason to believe that he is) we would prefer Mr Millard's statement to his oath. Under the present act no one is safe. Why, even Sir Bedmond Barry might be convicted of sly- grog selling, if an informer only chose to swear that he was guilty of the offence. Mr Akehurst. — Besides the testimonial given to him by the Solicitor-General, Mr Akehurst has won other demonstrations of sympathy. A Mr J. Croug'u writes to the Kilmore Free Press, and hopes " the people of Kilmore and the surrounding district will not allow this matter to rest here, but wi'i call a public meeting for the purpose of petitioning Parliament with a view of having the worthy M.L.A. removed from his present position — for a man who hides himself behind his priviledge when truth, honor, and justice are at stake, is not One who I would trust to make laws for my adopted country." Desirable Immigrants.— The New Zealand Herald is informed that ive or six of the most recent of tire immig'ants to Auckland are cf a most valuable chancter, they having come pi'ovided with sums larying from, £500 to £800. . Tiie Government Bates for Boarding Out Childern. — We are glad to learn that the Government has added to the .rates of payment for boarded-out children, making 5s instead of Is the rate after 10 vgars of age and giving 3s after 12 year3v.f0r one year.' These concessions are, we think, in accord ance with true economy. Mr Sothebn's Visit to Australia. The San Francisco correspondent of the Sew Zea land Herald states that Mr Sothern has just concluded a most successful engagement at the' Oalfornia Thestre, and is about to leave ' for Australia via China and Japan. Speaking's Pbi:e Beer.— Although Wan garatta boasted tie first brewery in this district, it soon lad a rival in Beechworth, not to mention establishments which have since 3prung np ii the various townships, and in all of which a letter article i3 being; manu- factured than thehorrible stuff that prevailed here for some yars. Wangaratta as well as Beechworth las been continuously and rapidly advancin; in the improvement of this most generally o all U3ed malt or spirituous liquors, until iow not only is there ale produced in the iistrict as good as any in the colony, but the ;reat majority of Melbourne, Ballarnt, Sandhurst, or Castlemaine men actually prefer it. The Wangaratta Brewery Company, established some few years since, has had its upi and downs, sometimes labor ing undsr bai management, and sometimes under a divided direction ; hut it seems to have conquered all difficulties in the hands of Spearing and Company, and we may expect to see a smnd and healthy rivalry between the sister iovnship3, which will have a fair field and no "avor during the trying summer months. Spearing's ale, besides obtaining the first prize at the Wangaratta Show, is pronouncid by competent judges to be Al. Fraud Summons. — A debtor named O'Neil, who appeired at the Williamstown Court last week,, in iompliance with a fraud summons which had been served upon him,, claimed his expenses before giving evidence as to his ability to satisfy au order which had been made against him hy the court. His solicitor held that O'Neil was entitled to claim his expenses like an ordinary witness before giving his evidence, and a case of O'Donoghue v Hamilton was cited in support of the position taken up. In the case quoted, the higher Court upheld the decision of the magis trates, who had refused to compel a debtor to give evidence under a fraud summons unless his expenses from Sale to St. Kilda were tendered. The Williamstown Bench con sidered that the case cited hore on the poini raised, and decided in favour of the debtor. The expense in this case was a shilling, which the creditor, J . H. Caton, paid. The examin ation then proceeded, but it was shown that since the debt had been contracted, the de fendant had filed his schedule. The pro ceedings, consequently, fell through. The defendant admitted that he had filed his schedule in the name of Joseph O'Neil, while his proper name was Michael Joseph O'Neil. A Strange Lecturer. — A temperance lec turer out West gives each of his audience a glass of whisky to show how vile a drink it is, and all the temperance people flock to hear him, and make wry faces after a good stiff horn. He is a Down East Yankee, of course and has studied human weakness all his life. The Late Mp. Arthur Dbury.— Our Smy- thesdale correspondent (says the Ballarat Star) writes " The friends of the late Mr A. Drury in this quarter are extremely grati fied to know that Mr B. H. Look, M.L.A., has taken steps with the view of trying to get the sum of £500 placed upon the additional estimates as a gratuity to the widow and nu merous family of the deceased gentleman, the sum already awarded being generally con-"' sidered quite inadequate uuder the circum stances of the case. The action taken by Mr Lock is not yet fully known to the public, but so far as it has come under notice here it has received the most hearty approval, and it will i am certain, be thoroughly endorsed by al those who knew the official worth of the de ceased magistrate." The -.Outgoing Mail.— The Bo7al steamship Goleonda will he despatched wrth mails for Western Australia, Point de Galle, India, China and the East, Aden, Mauritius, Reunion, the Mediterranean ports, the con tinent of Europe, the United Kingdom via Southampton and via Brindis., and British colonies and foreign countries via the United Kingdom, on Thursday, the 8th October. The times appointed for closing at Beeehworth are —For registered letters, at 4 p.m. on Tues day, 6th October; for ordinary -etterfl, via Southampton and via Briudisi, at 11.15 a.m. on Wednesday, 7th October ; for news papers via Southampton and via Brindbii, at 11a.m. on Wednesday, 7th October; money orders payable in the United Kingdom will he issued up to 3 p.m., and from 6 to i p.m. on Tuesday, 6th October. Letters, &c;, from other towns, the mails from which have to pass through Beechworth, must be posted in time to reach that town hy the above dates. The Omeo Plains elections. — The cor respondent of the Gippsland Times writes:— " Selectors on the Oineo Plains and other places are busy ploughing and putting in their crops. The aspect of the plains next summer will have undergone a material change for the better, for instead of thousands of acres of virgin grass land we may expect to see substantial fences and acres of waving grain. Fresh selectors are arriving here daily, all hound for Omeo Plains, and I have no doubt it. is but a matter of time, and a short time too, when the wholo" of this magnificent piece of country will be taken up. People down the country have no idea of the advantages this place offers for selection; there are thousands "of acres of good agricul tural land, the greater portion without a tree on it. The great drawback seems to he IhB distance it lies from any important centre of population or market, hut with increased road communication a great portion of this diffi culty will be overcome." Dramatic Society. — We understand that the amount of money to be handed to the trustees of the Benalla Recreation Beserve (writes the Ensign), as the proceeds of the entertainment given hy the -Dramatic and Harmonic Society last week, is £1S 14s 6(L This handsome donation to tlie funds will help to considerably improve the reserve, and we hope soon to see the gates (for which tenders were called some time ago) put into position, as a first and very necessary step in' that direction. Inhuman Outrage. — That ihe " habitations of cruelty " are net confined to the " dark places of the earth " is sufficiently evident from a narration of a fact that occurred in the pleasant little township of Meredith. We are credibly informed on reliable authority, a man well known about the locality mentioned as a trafficker in the skins, &c.;, of native animals was seen to have flayed a living do mestic cat, the property of a shoemaker residing in the township. It is almost need less to say that the police have been informed of the circumstance or that proceedings are already initiated under the Police Offences Statute for the punishment of the man monster. The owner of the unfortunate animal his instructed his solicitor, and the case being one likely to he taken np hy the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, it is scarcely probable the perpetrator of the inhuman outrage can long escape punish- ment. The Tale of a Snake. — As the snake season is coming in we plume ourselves upon having the first stoiy of a real live snake, just as Mrs Troliope's immortal folly was delighted with her first sight of a real live lord. It was one of Polly's own sex w1® saw the first snake of the season eaterinr : door — an immense fellow, at least-fiv f®6' 10 length — at the warders' quarters, 3eeab worth gaol — but while Polly had. a gr®t desire to kill the lord in a sentimentsl cay, Hrs meditated another way of dpposio of her quarry, and . having called assistant the reptile was dispatched. It measured, we are told, five feet. Wo can scarcely think that the snake's natural JyOernation was over in face of the recei extremely cold weathet, unless he bad been in a lo2 much sheltered and espied to many hours sun. A Good Anecdote of the Kennedy Family. — The Kennedy family, whoso illus trations of Scottish life and character ari so well known and admired, have retunud from New Zealand, and will shortly reappe in. Melbourne. The Daily Review (N.Z.) hat the following anecdote to their credit: — " One evening a poor womaa presented herself at the door with a baby in her arms. Said the doorkeeper, ' No one is admitted with a baby.' She pleaded that she had come from a distance, was a stranger in the town, had nobody to leave her baby with, and had come once more to hear the songs of her native country. The doorkeeper was stiil inexor able. During the discussion Mrs Kennedy made her appearance, and summarily solved the difficulty by undertaking to nurse the in fant while the entertainment lasted. A fact like this indicates with sufficient definiteness the character of ihe Kennedy family." Benalla Agricultural Area Farmers' Common. — The Benalla Agricultural Area Farmer's Common, proclaimed by Order of the 16th August 1870, is hereby increased by adding thereto the allotments of land herein after enumerated, viz.: — Parish of Winton, allotmerts 72, 73, 76 b, 77, and that portion of allotment 43 not already included in the common, and parish of Kelfeera, allotments 57 and 58 ; as shown on the plan deposited at the Crown Lands Office, Melbourne. Area of extension, 2,06S acres, more or less. Cumpulsoby Education. — It may ho inter esting just now to note that in May last, the Senate and Assembly of New York passed — ' An Act to secure to children the benefits of elementary education," the first section enact ing that " All parents and those who have the care of children shall instruct them," or cause them to be instructed, in spelling, reading, writing, English grammar, geography, and arithmetic. And every parent, guardian, or other person having control or charge of any child between the ages of 8 and 14 years, shall cause such child to attend some public or private day. school at least fourteen weeks in each year, eight weeks at least of which at tendance shall be consecutive, or to he in structed regularly at home at least fourteen week3 in each year in spelling, reading, writing, English grammar, geography, and arithmetic, unless the physical or mental con dition of the child is such a.s to render such attendance or instruction inexpedient or im practicable." Caution to Parties sending Fowls by Railway.— In future, any parsons sending fowls by rail will be compelled to send them in crates. If any fowls are left at any railway station for an unreasonable length of time without food and water, the Chief Com missioner of Railways has issued instructions that the parties responsible, whether Govern ment officials or not, shall be prosecuted. Beechworth Post Oeficb Savings Bank. —The following are the returns of the Beech worth Post Office Savings Bank, for the week ending Septr. 12, 1874, showing the number of deposits, the amount deposited, the number and amount of the withdrawals, and the number of hooks issued : — . Deposits 15 Amount £31 14 0 "Books issued 0 v Withdrawals:. S Amount...., .. £189 18 9 