PARLIAMENT OF QUEENSLAND. In tho Legislative Council, yesterday, Tho Pbebident took tho chair at half- past three. ' . Petitions were presented by the Hon. G. Habeis, from certain merchants, traders, and ? others of Brisbane and South Brisbane (2) ; by the' Hon. H. B. Fitz, from morchants, traders, uuu uiuzonti oi xpswicn j ana Dy sue xion. -j . Taylob, from Toowoomba, praying that the Insolvency Bill of 1874 may be referred to a Select.Oommitteo. ? , Tho Evidence Further Amendment Bill of 1874, and the Australian Joint Stook Bank Bill, were received with tho royal assent from his Excollenor the (JoVernor. A mi'asngo was received from tho Legislative Assembly that Mr. Heminant. hnd been ap pointed a lnembor of tho Joint Library Com mittoo in place of Mr. Nind. Tho Appropriation Bill (No. 2) of 1874, ro ceivod from tho Legislative Assembly, was read a first, time. On tho motion of the .Hon. G. Thorn, tho report of tho Board of Education for 1873 was ordered to be printort . Tho Hon. G. Thoen, in view of the great amount of business which, was likely to come ? up from tho other Hdhbo, moved that Tuesday be added to tho business days in each week. Sovoral members hnving shown that Friday would be moro convenient, On the ainoudment of Mr; Fitz, Friday was agrood to. N The Hon. J. Mullen presented a petition for certain members of tho Roman Catholics Church against the passing of tho Non-Vested Schools Abolition Bill of 1874. On the order for the third reading of the Supreme Court Bill of 1874, the Hon..G. Thorn moved that tho order .bo disuharuod, and that Iho Bill bo further considered in com mittee as to clauses 5, 15, and 22. The Hon. H. B. Frrz moved as an amend ment that all the elauaea be considered, which was carried on a division by 12 to 10. . On Clause 5, ? Tho Hon. G..Tjiobh moved the substitution of the original olause with the alteration of the word ' twenty ' to ' fifteen.' The Hon. A. H. UitowN thought the Judg'es* retiring pensions should be pro t'ala with the services rendered. He thought thoy should offer every inducement to men of high standing to come forward, not only as regards tho salary, but the pension also. He did not knowany barrister in this colony likely to bo a competent Judge of the Supremo Court. The original clauses 5, with the alteration, was put and carried. On olauso 15 (Northorn Judgo); the Hon. G. Thobn moved that the junior Puisne Judge for tho time being should bo called the Northorn Judgo, and should reside at Bowen. Tho Hon. H. G. Simpson thought it would be hurd to make a man break up his home in tho north becauso he had ceased to bo junior judge. Once the appointment, was made, any change . should bo matter of arrangement bo twoen the judges. ? . The Hon. H. B. Fitz moved, as an amend' metifc, that the place of residence be Eockhprap ton instead of Bowen. He thought it an insult to the former pluce to pasB it over. ? The Hon. H. G. Simpson said the Judge would be for the north, and not for tho central distriots. Townsville would be preferable to Roeklmmpton, us it showed larger Customs returns. He was in favour of Bowon. Tho Hon. A. B. Buchanan said the Customs returns proved nothing. Mos't shipments to TpTvnsvilla were horn Sydney diveofc, - and hud to pay duty. The Hon.' W, F. Lambebt was. in favour of Rockhampton as the Judgo's place of residence. Tho amendment was negatived on a division by 13 to 8. The Hon. Q. Thobn moved, that the omitted clause- 23, -allowing attorneys audience of the Suprems Court in certain cases, should be .re inserted. The Hon. H, G. Simpson would be dispoaed to vote for the clause with the words 'out of Brisbane' added. The Hon. E. I«C. Beownb while still object ing to the amalgamation of the professions, had come to think that in some districts where bar. ristefs wero not to be readily found, it might be necessary to allow this right to attorneys ; and he should, therefore, support the motion with Captain Simpson's amendment — which was then put and oarried on a division by 12 to 9. y *? j;'], , The Hon. W. Thobnton, moved the restora tion of' the omitted amalgamation clauses ; but after some discussion, thB!,:motion was with drawn. '*-'&'?? .'. The postponed clause 1 was then passed, and fr.lirt 'Rill vftnni«tfirl. ' ? * The Report of the Select Committee on the completion of the Parliament House was post poned until the 17th June, the plans not being ready. The second reading of the Non-vestod Schools Bill of 1874 was postponed until the 17th June. The Shipping Amendment Bill was rend a second time. The Navigation Bill of. 1874 was read a third time, passed, and sent to the Legislative Assembly. : The Hon. W. D5* Box moved the second reading of the Insolvency Bill of 1874. He hoped tho House would not allow the Bill to go; to a Select Committee, as if it did so it would be shelved for the session. The Hon. G. Habbis said that whatever opposition he had shown to the Bill arose simply from his desire to see a good measure. Ho did not see why a Select Committee should have the effect of delaying the 'Bill, especially if the mover and two of the supporters of the measure wore on tho committee. He thought they should givo effect to the wishes of tho numerous persons who had sighed petitions for a Select Committee. If tho Bill went into a Committee of the Whole, he Bhould probably have to move an amendment on nearly ovory oluuso. He moved as an amendment that the second reading should be postponed with a view to the Bill being considered in Soleot Committee, the members to be Messrs. Box, Hart, Simpson, Fitz, Taylor, and Harris. After considerable discussion tho amendment was lost on a division, by 15 to 4. The Bill was read a second time, and itB consideration in committee fixed for to-morro^v (Friday.) The Houbo adjourned at five minutes to ten. In the Legislative Assembly, The Speaker took the ohair at half-past three. On tho motion of Mr. Thompson,- a petition /wbb reoeived from the ' ExcelBior Lodge, No. 2, Ipswfoh, of the Independent Order of Good Templars,' against the Sale of Queensland Wine BiU- . ' In reply to Mr. Thompson, Mr. Maoalibter said the attention of tho Government had been drawn to tho inspection of grammar schools, but \- no determination would be arrived at until the* cIobb of the session. In reply to Mv. Morgan, Mr. Stephknb Baid arrangements are being made for the estab lishment of suitable reserves for timbor on both the north and south of Freostone Creek ; that ou tho north side ia now beforo the Executive Counoil,\ prior to its being gazetted. On tho motion of Mr. Maoalistsu, the Ro port of the Board of General Education for 1873 was ordered to bo printed. Messages wero received from His Excellonoy tho Governor announcing that tho royal nssont had been given (1) to the Furthor Amendment of the Law of 'Evidence Bill; and (2) to tho Australian Joint Stock Bank Bill. On tho motion of Mr. M'Detitt, tho Crown Remedies Bill No. '£, was read a first timo. , ' On the motion of Mr. Hemmant, tho'Appro priation Bill No. 2, was read a third lime, and ordered to bo transmitted to tho Logulativo Council. On iho motion of Mr. 'TnoMPSON, a Return was ordered relative to the suspension of Mr. H. 0. Stanley from Iho ofilcoof ongineer-in- ohief of railways. ? ' On the motion of Mr..GB00M, a Return was ordered relativo to land exchangos on the Dar ling Dowiib. On the motion of Mr.' Stewaiit, tho House agrood to consider a Bill to incorporate the city of Brisbane. The House resolved itself into committee to further consider iu detail the Gold FiolcU Bill, when, after long debates, tho remaiuing olauso8 with omissions and amendments were agreed to' On the.motiou of Hemmant, the Navigation Bill, received from the Legislative Council, was rend a first time. . The SPEAKER announced that he had received a letter addressed to himself from the Mayor of Brisbane inviting the House to take part in a procession to celebrate the opening of the Bris- bane Bridge. Mr. MACALISTER would move that the Speaker acknowledge the invitation. The House did not join processions. Mr. PALMER was understood to concur. The SPEAKER would act upon the suggestion. The House adjourned at ten minutes to eleven o'clock. Until the bridge be made free — which we consider only a question of time, and of no long time — the tolls must furnish money to pay the interest on the cost of the erection of the bridge, and, if possible, to liquidate the debt. The tariff, therefore, must be adjusted to yield the means for at least the former of these purposes. But in apportioning the tolls among foot passengers, mules, and saddle-horses ; cabs, buggies, spring vans, and omnibuses ; and carriers' merchants', and farmers' drays, various considerations must be taken into account. There are the wear and tear of the bridge, the facilitating of the intercourse between the city and its rapidly growing suburbs on the south side of the river, the encouragement of the productive industries which depend upon the bridge for getting their pro- ducts to market, and the comparative values of the kinds of live stock, if not also the relative abilities of the classes of persons for whose transit advantage is taken of the bridge. If wear and tear is looked at, the tolls bear no just proportion to one another. A single horse, a gig, a spring cart, however light, are to be charged the same toll with the family carriage, the dray, and the omnibus, however heavy, and whether drawn by one horse or half-a- dozen. It would puzzle anybody but a member of the Bridge Committee to explain on what principle a sheep is to pass for a halfpenny and a pig for a penny, while a calf at foot is to be rated at threepence, and a foal, perhaps also at foot, at sixpence. Goats, like pigs, are to be charged a penny, that is, we suppose, when anyone can be found to acknowledge ownership. It seems rather hard upon the ass that it should have to pay as much as the horse or bullock of three times the weight and five or six times the value. Per- haps, hovever, the toll on asses is meant to be protective and prohibitory, lest existing monopolies and vested interests should be interfered with. But if the City Fathers are jealous of the impor- tation of donkeys, we are glad to see they have a weak side towards dogs. We have always regarded a fondness for canine pets as a redeeming trait in any character, however hopeless other- wise, and we are therefore delighted to see our Mayor and Aldermen take the snarling, yelping curs, whose howlings so often make night hideous and evening walks dangerous, under their special patronage. Every horse with or without rider is to be charged sixpence. Nobody of course will ride who can afford to keep a buggy, and no one will be con- tent with a simple buggy who can come out in a full blown carriage. But it does seem rather hard upon the poor people who can hardly afford to keep a horse or a spring cart, or being able to keep neither, are obliged to hire a cab, to have to pay as much as the merchant or lawyer who drives into town in his dashing and luxurious car- riage and pair. The poor struggling farmer from Oxley or the Logan, who rides into town on his own hack, or drives in his own spring cart, finds he has to pay as much as is charged col- lectively on a dozen ladies and gentle- men in broad cloth, silks, and kid gloves, passing in the omnibus from the Wooloongabba and Kangaroo Point. Then there is the loaded dray drawn by one horse. We have been greatly exer- cised over this loaded dray drawn by one horse. It has been a kind of intel- lectual whetstone for us, whereon our critical acumen has daily been growing more acute. We are unable to under- stand why this loaded dray with one horse should be so ' put upon,' and singled out from among all vehicles that go upon wheels to be specially looked after by the toll collectors. Is a buggy with six hundredweight of live humanity in it, or an omnibus drawn by three or four horses, and loaded with three quar- ters of a ton of men and women, to pass for sixpence, while the dray with one horse, and four or five hundredweight of bush hay, or a few bags of corn, or perhaps only a bunch or two of bananas, cannot pass under a shilling. Is a load to entail double toll only when it happens to be on a dray, and to escape scot free when it is on any other kind of vehicle ? But there is an alternative way of looking at it. A loaded dray drawn by one horse may be opposed to a loaded dray drawn by two or three horses or by no horses at all ; or it may be opposed to an empty dray drawn by one horse, or indeed by half a dozen horses. Which is it, and who is to tell us which it is ? A dray is to get across for sixpence ; but is it a dray with no load, or a dray with no horses, or a dray with more horses than one ? We shall not attempt to answer the question. But one thing is very clear, that to charge a shilling for the loaded dray drawn by one horse is to handi- cap the southern farmer very heavily against his northern competitor in the Brisbane market, No doubt he gets back free if his dray is empty ; but do the members of the Bridge Committee consider it a meritorious thing for a farmer to return from Brisbane with an empty dray? But of course the object of the Committee is quite plain. They generously desire to encourage the trade of South Brisbane, and therefore insist on the farmer who comes to the north side to sell his produce spending all the money he gets for it on the south side. The storekeepers in Stanley- street will feel that they are being killed with kindness But is it only the loaded dray drawn by one horse that is to get back free when empty ? We think not. Looking at the discriminating spirit that has presided over the making of this tariff, we regard the free passage clause as applying to all the animals and vehicles in the list — goats, pigs, bullocks and horses, as well as drays. If we are right, we hope the horses, asses, and mules will insist on their rights and kick most vigorously against this conspiracy to deprive them of their customary bunch of green stuff when they come into town. We invoke the ghost of AEDIPUS to clear up the riddle, or at least some interpreter who has the gift of explaining things hard to be under- stood. 