DUKE OF KDINBUUGH'S MA1Ï11UGE. ! fc.U!I.K ÍHMI'ATCII.I ST. l'KTKKsnuROH, January 23.-Thc marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edin- burgh and the Princess Maria com- menced at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the : Winter Palace and thc various galleries, j The ladies were sumptuously attired, the prevailing costumes, particularly of Rus- sian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. '1 he men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Cham- berlains, and other officers of the Court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princes Imperial of Ger- many and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bride- groom, who wore the Russian naval uni- form. Thebridcwas splendidlyapparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense pro- cession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore thc uni- form of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark ! crimson velvet, with diamond coronet j and collar, and pearl necklace. The ¡ I Imperial German Princess was dressed j in the same style. The Russian Prin- cess' dress was blue velvet and gold. ! Prince Arthur acted as one of the grooms- men. All wore silver wedding favors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian ' Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels willi holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of thc church, assuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom slood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until placed on the fingers of thc bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; the (loot was covered willi velvet, crimson and gold carpet ; the pillars and altars were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair-Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Sergius over that of the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said : " Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crow ned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in thc naine of the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, be- coming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the. Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses were read. After the reading was concluded, the marriage alCanaofGallilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice around lite raised dais, holding to ihc tip of the confessor's robe willi one hand and a candle in the other. At the con- clusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the con- fessor presented the cross, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang " Glory lo Thee, O Lord !" concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services, the procession then slowly formed, proceed- ing to the Hall of Alexander, for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbe)', officiated. The walls were decorated wjifofe^' pictures. Dean Stanley, who durSpme solemniza- tion of thc Greek Church service, «'ore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared at the alter wearing an Episco- pal surplice with a jewelled collar of the Order of thc Bath around his neck, was assisted by the two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English clergy were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewell, the American Minister, Ixjrd Loftus, the English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, Were also present. Especially notable Mas the venerable Prince Govlschakoff. surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson chesses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Commun Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, "God the Father, (Joel the Son, and God thc Holy Ghost-bless, preserve, and keep you," were especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley, congratulated the newly married couple. Several Roman Catholic ] dignitaries were present. The bride ! looked earnest, sweet,fair-faced ; tliebride- j gioom grave, self-possessed. The Princess I of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate.! Thc German Crotvn Princess looked health)--the image of her mother Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the Gentian Prince, and tooth looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel, the Empress of Russia being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. Hie ceremony being concluded, thc crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public simares took place, and the general scene was one cf splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of cere- mony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage riles there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at tile gorgeous hall At the close of the hall the bridal couple «ere formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and officers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of! ' the happy couple, the Emperor bein« present ?Courier. 