ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH. CEREMONY OF LAYING THE CORNER STONE OF THE NEW BUILDING. It is now alwut six-and-twenty years since the libit effort was made by . the Church of England congregation in this district, to wise funds for the erection of u suitable place of worship, the subject having been originally mooted in the year 1848. At that period it is hardly necessary to say the population was small, and consequently the matter remained for a long time in advance. Two years uter, in 1850, the Bishop of the diocese paid a visit to the town, ami offered £ 100 in aid of the stipend of a minister, and we find that in the following year, the Hev. H. S. Elliott, the first resident clergyman, arrived in Albury. For some years after this, it would seem that the members of the congregation allowed the question of church building again to lapse, as we can find no record of any particular action lieing taken iu this matter until May, 1850, when a meeting was called to select a suitable site for a church, and to raise the necessary funds. A committee was then apjwintiil, and subscription lists opened, but although the first amounts subscriW-d were liljeml, the cash did not come iu with sufficient rapidity to warruut the invitation of tenders until nine mouths after the appointment of the building committee, and the tenders were not opened until May, 18.17. In July, however, work was at length commenced, the foundation stone of the present building having l>een laid in that mouth by Mr. George M'Leay, Since that jieriod, great changes have taken place in the Albury district, and many different clergymen have filled the pulpit at St. Matthew's. In June, 1858, the Rev. Mr. Elliott, was succeeded by the Rev. Sir. Potter, wh<» remained until the end of 1865. The next incumbent was the Rev. Mr. Browmigg, son of the police magistrate, who, in turn, wits followed by the Rev. D. E. Jones, the Rev. Sir. Locke, and the Rev. A. D. Acocks, the present Vicar. From the laying of the foundation stone, however, until now, the church has never liecn completed. From time to time, as the funds available permitted, various portions have been finished, but, as our reader* are aware, the original design was never yet curried out. But for this circumstance, the Church of England congregation is baldly to Iw blamed. In the early days, as w« have said, the population was scanty and the burden of the ex- pense iu erecting a laige church fell heavily upon a limited nnmlter of the inemWrs, while latterly, within the past few years, when the district became more densely populated and more wealthy, it was evident that the present structure was all ununited to the requirements of the, town and suburbs, and that consequently, to lay out money upon its decoration and improvement, would be only a waste of means. It was rationally argued that if the church were inw hardly able to accommodate the average attendance of worshipers, it would lie perfectly inadequate, to the requirements of the town iu another five veal's, and this view of the matter was adopted some two years since by the majority of the congregation. There were, it is true, some few, who having assisted in its erection, had a kind of regard for the old building, which caused them to view with distaste any project for its demolition, and the opposition of these gentlemen hail the effect of delaying matters for some time. At length, however, they were induced to give in their adhesion to the plan for erecting u new church, mid at a meeting of the congregation held rather more than twelvemonths since, it was resolved to commence operations at once, Subscription lists were opened, and n building committee formed, consisting of the following gentlemen, viz. —Rev. A. D. Acocks (Chairman), Rev. J. Evans; and Messrs, J, W, Jones, C. Hookius, J, F, Skinner, J. H. Wood, R. Pankhnrst, R. Phelps, L. Gulson, W. Edmondson, R. Cobbeit, G. Uradley, G. Fleming, J. D. Lunkester, W. Lamport, P. Snelson, J. Grcgson, E. Heriot, G. Robinson, G. Thorold, F. Husing, and G. Adams, It is only fair to xtate that these gentlemen have been indefatigable in their exertions. Every member of the. committee has worked with a will, and the Rev. Sir. Acocks lias been a host iu himself. The result of their labors up to the present time speaks for itself, and shows tlmt they have not allowed the grass to grow under their feet. Twelve months ago, the sum to the credit of the Building Fluid was ^500, with promises to the extent of another £1000. Since then, over £700 has been raised by the energy and perseverance of the Building Committee. A sufficient sum having been gathered to justify the step, competitive designs for the new church were invited in October hist, and a plan forwarded by Mr. Bowles, a _Sydney architect, was selected "by the committee, No time was then lost iu calling for tendei*, and on 23rd Noveinlier, Messrs, Frew ami Co., the present contractor, set to work. We nniv here mention that the contract JIOW in course of fulfilment does nof include the whole of Mr. Bowles's design, it having been considered wiser to build, in the first instance, only alwut twothirds of the entire church ; and utilise, the wave of the old building, until, m tlie couise nf time, funds urn available to complete the new one. The church, wheu finished iu uccordancc with the design, will consist of chancel, vestry, otjjun loft, transept and nave, with a handsome smre 12(1 feet high. From the chancel to the end of the nave will he 135 feet; frem end to end of the transept will l»e 81ft., the width of transept Iwing 27ft, 6iu. The depth of the chancel will be 2flft., mid the width 19ft. Tin- organ loft and vestry arc each 12ft. by 14ft. The PART HOW Wing erected comprises all the foregoing, with the execption of the spire and a poi-timi of the nave, the Wilding having, a* we have said, been no arranged as to allow of the old nave doing duty for n while. As, however, the new nave in of greater width than the old one, and a* the present contract carries the walls of the new lniilding bevoiul the point of junction sonic 15ft., the old nave will IK- overlapped to (he distance named a* the work progresses. Part of the old church will, no to speak, lie inside the new one. The ornamentation will be of an elaborate character. All window, poivh, and door arches ate to Ik* of ent stone, that from the Tablefop quarries having lieen selected as the most suitable for the delicate traceries. Over the chancel, an a roll will be sprung 2£ft. high and lfii't. wide, similar arches iteing also thrown across the width of the transept, on either side of the chancel. The caps of buttresses and three string courses in the walls arc also to lie of cut stone, Perhaps the handsomest IMirtion of the structure, however, will IK* the East window, than which, when it is eompleted, there will IK- few more iieautiful in the cohmv. This window will lie 22ft. in height, and 10ft. in width at the kise. The entire heiglit of the building in 52ft. elear of the foundations. To lulus from what has yet to lie done to that which has already Jteen accomplished, we may now lirieflv descril*' the progress made up to the present date. In the first place, then, a lied of solid concrete has l»een laid. On this, stones measuring 3ft. Cin. in length, by 2ft. in width have Itmi placed. Two courses of the !>e.»t granite nibble work addeil to these, complete the foundations, and that part of the work is now all lmt finished. On the granite foundation conies the base course of cut stone, which is the liivt part of the building that will be risible almve ground, as the surface around will lie tilled np to a level with the top of the foundations. This kise course, however, has not yet been commenced. The jwint chosen for the laying of the stone vestenlay afternoon, was the North-East coiner of "the chancel, and the stone itself was a splendid block from the Tabktop quarries, measuring 4ft. fiin. by 2ft. 2in., and 18in. high. Underneath the foundation stone was a lilwk of granite, in which was hollowed out a cavity to receive the scioll. &c.; We an- iiifonued that all the stone required for the traceries is now lying ready at the qiiany,and will lie carted in liefore the winter rains set in. Five teams are constantly engaged in drawing it in, and hitherto two sets <>f nuarrvinen have been kept at work—one jmity at Tabletop, ami miother at Black Range. Besides these, in one way or auother, about 30 men are employed on the building. The ceremony of laving the corner stone com menced at 4 o'clock vesterdav afternoon, and the sjiecial service projier to the occasion was performed by the Vicar, assisted by the Revs, D. E, Jones, Rabilie, Cross, Evaus, and Jennings, in the presence of a large nuiiilier of visitois from all jiarts of the district. At the hour mentioned, all who well' to take part in the ceremony assembled in the Sunday-school building, where a procession was formed, which left the school, and marched to the site of the new church in the following oiiler:— Sunday-school Children, with Banners Meiuiicrs of the Building Committee. Churchwardens. The Vicar ami Clei«ymeii. Arrived at the site, the company was ananged in a circle round the stone, and the service was commenced by singing the following hymn :• Till* stone to Tliee In faith we lav. We build tl>f temple. I.ord. to Tliee, Tlitne eye be open lilcht and day To <iuard tli's house mid sanctuary. Here, when Thy people seek Thy facc, AIKJ <1ytiifr slnnera prav to lire, llour. Thou. In heaven. Thy ducllinsr-place, And when Thou bearcat, O forjrtve: Here, when Tliv inesnelismrs proclaim The blested Oospel of Thy Son, Still hv the power of Ills jrreat iinmc Ik- mighty elirne and wonders done. The fflorynever hence depart! Yet choose not. Lord, tills house alouc; Thy kingdom conn- to every heart, in every bosom tlx Thy Throne. The VICAR then read the following passages of Scripture :— The J-ord ppalte unto Moses. 8peak onto the (Children of Israel, that they may brine me no ofl'crlne-; and let them tnnkeme a sanctuary that I may dwell among them.— Kxndiid. xxv„ 1,8. And Mow.* spake unto all the ronirrcgatlon or the Children of ferael, stylu<„ r , Take ye from anion? you nn offering unto the I.ord; jrold. and silver, and timed. And tlicy mine,every one whose heart stirred him np, and every one tvlmm Ills spirit made wllllnc. and tliey brought the Lord's OfTerlnir to the work of the tabrrnaclc of the congregation. \- Kxodns XXK\'.. 4, 5. ai. furthermore. Ilnvid(lie KinirsflldiinlotlicconaTefratlon, Hulonion my son, whom alone (jod hnth chosen, Is yet young nilil tender, mid the work In great; for the lilaee Is not for man. lmt for the Lord Oort. Tlien the chief or the father*, ami princcK of the tribes of Israel, and fhccanfalns of thousands imd of hundreds, Willi the rulers of (licking's Wijrks. offered vllllnply. And tJiey with whom precious stones were, found gave them to the treasure of the house or the Lord. Then the people rejoiced, for that thev offered ivllllnp-ly, lieejiuse with perfect heart tlicy offered wlllliijrlyto the l.oid; and David the King- also rejoiced ttUli grcntjoy,—i Citron, xxlx.. I, fi, s. o. The choir then sang the following psalm ;— I was irlnd when tlicy said unto roe. Let us go into the house of the Lord Our font dlmll stand within thy irntcs, O Jerusalem. •lehisalcm Is Imilded as ncity tliat ls compact together: lViiltl»cr the tribes go the tribes of the Lord, unlo the testimony of Israel, to give tbiuiks unto the name of the Lord,. 1'or there arc set thrones of Judgment, the thrones of the lionsc of Dnvid. I'myforthepenceofJcruealcm: tltcy shall prosper that Jove tfior. JHvee be Vflthia thy waJls, nod prosperity withlu thy P FoMiiy brethren and companions' sake, I will now say, lVace be wltlilli thee. Ilccnuso of Ihc liousc oftlie Lord our Ood I will seek thy The VICAN, and the Bcvds. EVANS, CROSS, SAUI^E, and JONBS IJICU read the uuuexed por- tions of the service, all ussL-mbled joiuing in the Li mi's Piayer:— Dearly beloved In the Lord, we arc hero met «s Christian brethren. Let tm all be of one mind and ofonelieart i aud with one voice and with one mouth offer humble prayer and Joyful praises to ttie Lord our «!od. Holiness becometli Ills house for ever. Let us then, especially at this time, pour out onr hearts before illm. and with saints and aiitfel*. and Willi all the company of Ilea veil, laud and iun»nlfy IIU urnclon* IMMHO. And uuwort'iy tlious" we lie. thruiiuti our manifold sln«, to offer unto htm any sHcrilice, lei us bwccch Illm to accept this our bouuden duty and service, for Christ's sake. .tnin,. Our Patlier, which art In heaven. Hallowed be Thy name. Thy kliiL'iioln come. Thy will be done lu earth, as It Is In heaven. <J IVO us tills dav our dally bread. And forgive IIH our trespasses, ns we forplvo them that trespass offainst us. And lead us lmt Into temptation ; but deliver us from Mil; for Thine Is the kingdom, the power, aud the glory. For ever nad ever. A Hint. ' « nternal Ood. mighty In power, aud In majesty Inoompri hcnsllile, who art the Crealor aud I plioldcr of all liliiss, without whom nothlna: I* t.lromr, nothing Is holy i W»>ss,<) Lord, this work for which we are gathered togetlicr. to the honour and ^loryorThy jrreat liiimi. and the eillllriilion of Thy holy church, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Ami-n. Vouchsafe, O Lord, to iirnot that these walls, nowbejrun, IIIBV lie liullt up a Holy Temple to The:. May they be kept safe IYOIII all common and prolane uses; may the pravrrs and iirniM'^ lu re offered up to Thee ascend up to Tbe Throne an Incense of a dweet-smrllinsr savour, throutrlitlic all-prevaUing Intercession of our Mediator nud lt«deemer, Jesus Christ. Amen, . , , , „„ Here mav the of a contrite heart, wliicli Tlioii hast promised not to despise, ascend in failli and hope to Thv Til rone 01' Cirnw. Ilen> u.ay the pure word of Thy (<ospi>l lie preaelled Willi earnestness and Blncerlty, mid hoard with ilevout ntteiitton and !rrjit»udo. Here may Tliy llolv Sacrami.'iils tie riyhilv and duly administered. And mav Thv Wfcsrd Splrll so n-s! upon the eoii<rre;ra!ion that shall here asscmlile. that this. THY sanctuary may be to all the House ortiod and the tiate or Heaven, and that they who hero mwt on enrth to learu or Thy everlasting mercy aud love, mav boreafter bo uulli'd In everlasting jloy, tliromHi the merits and mediation or Thy dear Son, Jesus Christ, our onlv Saviour and Ueiieemer. Jnuu. l»in>ct,0 Lord, tliosc who design, and those who superintend this church, that It m»v be a liousc worthy or Thy liolynamc. Amcu. To Thv protection. Atmffflity Father, commend the workmen that shall lw employed In bnllding tills Tlitne house. Keep them from every vain, profane, and unholy thought, word, and deed, and fi-om all covetous desires. May all their lioues be kept, that not one of them be broken, tiive Thine holy aii«els charge over them to keep them In all their wavs. AIIHII. Knlarsre the hearts of Thv faithful people, that as the Israelites or old offered wllllufflv, so they, remi nibi rin? that their davs on earth arc but a shadow, and that there is none aliiiliii" here, and that all tilings come of Tliee. may Willi perfect hearts offer willinelv, cach according: to his ohllitv. unto Tliee. their Lord <Jod. AIHI I). »l Almitrhlvfiod. who has built Thy Church upon the foundation of the Xpnstles jyid I'rophets. .lesns Christ lilinsilf Iteinjr thv chief corner-stone: trrant us to be so Joined together In imitv of spirit bv their doctrine, that we mav be made a llol'v Temple, ac«'ptable unto Tliee( through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amrn. Accept.O Irfird.ortlicscoitrpraycrs and praises; through Jesus Christ our Lord. A mm. At this stage of the ceremony, the stone was raised, and the Rev. Mr. ACOCKS, addivssing Mr. T. H. Mate, formally presented him, on behalf of the Building Committee, with a handsomely cliased silver trowel, bearing the following inscription :— Presented to THOMAS HODGES MATE. Esq., on the occasion of laying the corner stone of St. Matthew's Church, Alburv, March 20. 1874. Mr. (J. F. BRADLEY then read the inscription on the scroll to be placed under the stone, as follows :— ST. MATTHEWS CHURCH, ALBURY. This comer stone was laid by THOMAS HODGES MATK, ESQ., on Friday, 20th Starch, A.D. 1874, Vicar of Allmry—Rev. Alfred Davidsou Acocks. Curate—Rev, Jonathan Evans. Churcliwanlens : John Walker .Tones, J. F. Skinner, Chas. Ilookins. Building Committee Rev. A. D. Acocks. .T. \V. Jones, J. F. Skinner, ('. Hookins, ( Je.orge Adams, < leoj-^e Fullerton Bradley. Robert dewberry Cobbett. AVilliain Xewal Maxwell Edniondson. Rev. .T. Evans, George Toniclier Fleming. John (Jivgson, Luke (!ulson, Elliot Ileriot, \V. E. Lint]iort. John Delappe Liuikester, AVilliam John Nixon, Richard Pankhurst, Robert Lecky Phelps, Giles Escot Robinson, I'eler Snelson. George Coventry Tltoimld, James Holhrook Wood, and Frederick Husing. Finance Coinmittee : Hon. Tit-asurcr—W. X. M. Edniondson, Hon. Secretary—(». F. Bradley. Bishop of Goullmrn— Right Reverend Mesac Thomas, D.D. Venerable Win. Sowerby, Dean, Venerabies W. H. Pownall and A. 1). Pownall, AiiJitleacons. Govenior of Colony— Sir Hercules G. R Robinson, &c;,, &c.; Member for Hume District—Thomas Robertson, F^. Mayor of Allmry—Kenneth M'Lennan, Esq. Architect—Williiiin Boles, Esq., Sydney. Contiactoiu—Messrs. Frew and Hill. Metropolitan— Right Rev. Frederick' Barker, D.D. Bishop of Melbourne— Right Rev. Charles Perry, D.D. Bishop of Adelaide— Right Rev. Augustus Short, D.D. Bishop of Newcastle— Right Rev. William Tvrell, D.D. Bishop of Grafton ami Arinidale— Right Rev. Jaines Francis Turner, D.D. Bishop of Bafhurst— Right Rev. E. Marsden, D.D. The scroll was then placed in a bottle, and, together with copies of the local journals, inserted in ii cavity underneath the stone. The stone was next lowered, and square and level having been duly applied, Mr. MATIC said—" I declare this skuie to be well and truly laid, in the linnie of the Father, Sun, undJHoly'lihost." He then read the following— Forasmuch as Almlplitv God accepted the purpose of His servants, l)«» ld mid Solomon, io build His temple at Jerusalem, and nolhimr doubling but Unit. Ho favourably nllotvcth this charitable design of ours to build a liousc to His clory, wc therefore on' behalf of His Church and people, Jay this corner-stone of it Church to bo the Parochial Church of the Town of Albury fand to bpar the mime of St. Matthew's Church), lo the honour and trlory or the Holy, litcrnnl, mid Undivided TrJuity, the Puttier, the Sou, ouu the Holy Ghost. Amen. Response :— Andmayttio giorioui >t«Jcsty of tf»o Lord our Ood be upon UB. rrosper Thou the work of our. liandi upon u« t O prosper Thou our handiwork. Mr. MATE then spoke as follows :—Rcvcrend and lav friends: I aui conscious of not possessing the gift of language, to enable mo to address you in a fitting maimer on this occasion. But, as one of the oldest, residents of the place—one who has seen much of the rise and progress of the district one who has served you faithfully, if not successfully, in Parliament, I have accepted the invitatioii to take a prominent, part in the proceedings of this da v. On recalling my early experiences of this district, I can ifiueiuljer when the voice oftlie aboriginal was themostfuniiliarsound; when wehad hard work even to get occasional religious services. Even at a later date, there were many difficulties in the wav of securing the regular ministrations of n clergyman. There were " Lions in the path" on every iinnd, lmt we ovorcnmc them all, and the piesi'iif'edilice was erectcd by the. united efforts of a small community. It is good to see a band if Christians met together for so excellent a purpose as to do what can lie done towaids providing proper accommodation for religions services, aud I hope all present will ; ontrihute to the extent of their means in furtherance of so praiseworthy an object. Concerning the worship of the Almighty we have two distinct commandments. Now a man mav keep the second and yet ignore the first, but the first is the greatest of all—" Thou slwlt worship the Lord thy God." How can we keep this commandment ill a fitting manner, if we luivc no Church I Now I am not afraid of any man neglecting the second commandment if only he keep the first. It is to the temple we must go to seek the Divine aid, and the temple is uot built for the use, of one or two, or of a privileged few, but is open to all ; to the poor and distressed as well as to the wealthy. I hope before long to see not only the portion of the church now in coui*>e of erection, completed, but also to sec the contract for the remainder fairly begun, so that the whole edifice may lie finished, and if I urn spared, I shall not be backward in assisting in the matter. I think the present design, if carried out, will give you a church large enough lor all purposes. At sill events, when it liecomes too small, most of us will be attending church in another place. The subscription I give to-day towaids the building, I only regard as a payment on account, not as my last, contribution. I ho]»e all present will also contribute according to their ability. Remember the widow's mite, and those who cannot afford pounds, iiuivat least spare shillings and half-crowns, such sums ljeing as acceptable, if given in a proper spirit, as the larger contributions of more wealthy givers. You should also reineml>er that you arc not giving, after all, but lending, or rather only rendering, to the Lord what is his due. No one here can say that they receive no benefit from the erection of churches. Every one l>enefits by it—socially, morally, and if they like, religiously. I hope, therefore, as I said before, that you will make a vigorous effort to get not only tlijs portion of the building finished, lmt the remainder also, and in fluit work I shall be only too glad to assist you, if God spare my life. The " Te Dcuin" was then sung. The Rev. Mr. SAIMNI: said that the Rev. Mr. Acocks had asked him to say a few words, but he hoped that the company would not lie disappointed at this substitution of a plain parochial minister for the dignitary of the Church mentioned in the advertisement. He was glad to find that the work, so long required, was lbout to 1K> done. The present building was certainly not in keeping with the importance of the town and district, and further, it was far inferior to the structures erectcd by other denominations. Some people did not approve of building handsome churches. They could erect ornate and costly residences for their own use, but objected to any hii'ge expenditure oil a place built for the worship of God. He was glad to find that the ieoplc of Allmry did not think in this way, but Itad determined on the erection of a building which would be an honor to themselves and a credit to the church to which they belonged. Ill acting thus, they were, fulfilling a duty. They were bound to give to God, of all they had, first and foremost. They must first give their hearts, ami if they did tluit they would never grudge anything else they might give. He was not in a general way an advocate for the expenditure of large sums of money on church buildings, but in a place like Albury they certainly ought to have a good and commodious place of worship. But, after all, the all important, matter was to further the work of God in their midst, and to that end he hoped they would have in Albury a Church of living stones, and that when the new building was completed, the Word s] token therein might not return void. He did not think lie could conclude more fittingly than by quoting a verse from the hymn that hud been sung in the course of Hie service :— Here, when Thy messengers proclaim The blessed Gospel of Thy Sou, Still bv the power of His great name lie mighty signs and wonders done, The Rev, A. D. ACOCKS, after expressing regret at the shortness of time at llis disposal, wherein to address the assembly, explained the reason of the absence of several clergymen whose attendance lmd been reckoned upon. He theu proceeded to say that in the portion of scripture that occurred ill the services of the day, they found praise and rejoicing. He thought they were justified iu rejoicing at what had been that day accomplished. Some had said that they had no right to incur so large an expense as tlint involved iu the church they were buihling, but he. was of opinion that they were more tlmn justified. Alargevamouutofroomlmdbeeinu'ge.nt.lyrequired, as if they had fifty more than the present sittings it would not be found sufficient for Sunday evenings, He would mention that the money now promised, together with that already in linnd would be HiUlicicnt. for the contract now in hand, but that only included the wails of the cliuwli. Before the building could be utilised a roof would be required, to provide which the mibacriptions were now asked. They must remember that the church was not for Albury alone, but for the whole district. It was not the church of a sect, os anyone who liked could come and demand a seat. * It hod therefore a good claim for mnmort jw at the hands of all, and everyone should take as much interest in theorection of the building as ho (the speaker) did. He did not, however, sav this, as insinuating that he hnd uot met. with the cooperation he exjweted, but. on the contrary desired to acknowledge, very heaitilv the assistance, he luid received. He, however, looked for more help yet, as the roofing of the church and other works necessary MYire it could l>e used, would cost some £15(10 or £1000, and a considerable portion of that sum he hoped to sec that day, laid on the comer stone. "Die money, however, was not wanted for some months, so that a promise to pay at a future date would lie gladly accepted from those who preferred that method of contributing, lie would conclude by urging them to give heartily, not only what 'they could give without missing, but to submit even to some little selfdenial iu order to further the cause of God. _ The following contributions were then laid on the stone ;— Mr. T. H. Mate £100 Mrs. Mate 50 Mr. .Tames Mitchell 105 Mr. Edmnndson 50 Mr. Fleming 50 Mr. Skinner 25 Dr. Cobbclt (second contribution) , 25 Dr. Cobliett (Laid on Stone) 25 Mr. Mudge IS Mr. Husing ... 10 Mr. Husiug (2nd subscription) 5 0 Mrs. Cobliett 10 10 Mr, James Mitchell 10 Mr. .T. H. Wood 10 Mr. J. H. Wood (2nd subscription. 10 0 Mr. Schleicher 10 10 Mr. Mudge (2nd subscription) Mr. Pankhurst Mr. R. Howaid 5 0 Mr. Swynv 10 Mr. Sparrow 2 Mr. O'Keeffe Mr. Lenthall 0 A friend 1 1 0 CoUection 15 15 G Total 549 6 6 A few of the abovenamed sums had been already promised. When the list hadlieen read over, the doxology was sung, and the ceremony was brought to a close. Later in the evening, a soiree and concert took place, but the early hour at which wc were obliged to go to press necessitated the holding over of our report of the proceedings. Losfi-wooi.i.ED SHEEP.—Next Saturday, Mr. Tonal ice will offer for sale by public auction, at Wodonga, a quantity of valuable Lincoln and Leicester sheep, some of them ewes in lamb to rains of undoubted breediug. SALES THIH DAV.—Mr. L. Solomon WILL offer for sale this day at his vards, 30 head of steers, aiul 10 head of cows, bullocks, and calves. These ure, we uuderstaud, really prime cattle, and all fit for the butcher. AU.KGED ASSAULT.—A case will come before the Albury Bench in a few days in which two ]H>rsons will ap|)ear as plaintiff and defendant respectively in a charge of assault. The parties we may mention, were also in the same relative positions in a case tried lost week, resjiccting the ownership of a roan filly. THE BORDER THEATV.—Last Tuesday in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Thomas Robertson moved—1. That, in the opinion of this House it is desirable that, the Government should immediately initiate a negotiation with the Government of Victoria for securing freedom of trade between' this colony and Victoria ill articles produced in either colony, tobacco excepted. 2. That the foregoiii" resolution be transmitted by address to his Excellency the Governor. There was a count out on the motion. THE BonoL'GH Cocxcri..—The first of the series of weekly meeting of the Albury Borough Council should' in accordance with the.'resolution carried on the lltli inst., have been held on Wednesday evening last. The meeting, however, lapsed for want of a quorum. In connection with these weekly meetings, it is a lather curious coincidence that a quorum never can 1»e obtained. Every year's experience bears out the assertion, for as soon as the usiuil motion is passed for the more frequent assembling of the load governing body, so certainly do three or four weeks pass by without any meeting at all being held. Under these circumstances, the nrmngunient for the Council sitting every seven days appears to be somewhat of a farce. REEFING AT BUNGIU—We were shown yesterday afternoon a cake of smelted gold, from the claim of Messrs. Conners and Co., Bungil. The ingot weighed 45oz., making, together with the result jof a small trinl crushing, a total of 48oz,, the whole being the yield from 42 tons of stone. The reef from which this stone was procured is situated on Mount Firebrnec, and varies in width from Cin. to 18in. There are, however, in iu all, five distinct reefs running through the claim, some of which, iu all probability, are as good as that from which the present, ciiisnuig WOH procured. Over 200 tons of stone have been raised, but the expense of carting to the Hawks-. view Mill (£2 10s. per ton) has prevented the shareholders from sending down more than a small parcel by way of experiment. Being now satisfied of the value of their discovery, the Mcsstrs. Conners purpose, we. understand, selling four shares, in order to raise funds for the election of machinery on the clnim, £100 pet 1 diarc iS said' to he the price asked. 