THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday evening " Macbeth" was played a at the. Royal to a good house, Mr, Carey mating ,^a very creditable appearance as the regicide •i-Thane of Cawdor. In delivery he was especially ''bff.-cfcive, and a large portion of the enjoymtent r of the play wa3 owing to his admirable con . ception of the character and excellent rendering of the text. Mr. Carey has tno.ch in favor in a . part like this. Of a somewhat im posing stature and an impressive manner, he possesses also a voice clear, flexible, . and in perfect, command, so that in eleven its whisperings he is heard 'distinctly in the farthest corner of the house. In a'cting, too, he was always effective and generally ajj \- propria'e. Severe criticism might wish to prune off a few exuberances of style, but take it altogether the Macbeth of Saturday nigh|t was a performance of considerable merit, and capable of Keing matured into something of still higher excellence. Miss Bowriug impersonated -Lady Macbeth, and gave a vivid.portraiture of the ambitious, bold...remorseless woman', .urging her husband to the horrible deed that he would otherwise, have left .-uuflpne.. Her reading of; all the most terrible pas sages, and the sleepwalking scene, were marked by great power and the most thorough appro ; edition of the meaning of the great drama . tist. In some of the later scenes there appeared a slight want of earnestness,,particularly after , the breaking'up of the banquet,,but about $hjs time attention was distracted by the interrup tions in the gallery that were a great annoyance all the evening. Mr. Holloway made a very ■ fair Macduff, and, as well as the great usurper, was honored with a call before the curtain at the close of the performance. Mr. Westfpliyed ** Banquo well, both in the flesh and as a ghost. Mr. Lawless, as Lennox, prattled his portion ' of the text without any apparent conscious • ness of the meaning. Miss Aastead represented Malco'ui, and was at times telling in deiivfery, jr.' though she naturally .enough failed to give a ' sufficiently masculine tone to thoyoung Prince's speech and demeanor. The witches'performanoes were not so successful as we have seen them on our stage. In sopie of tneir appearances there £ was too much light, and several of the hags seemed rather anxious to .have; their real indi viduality lost sight of, the result b'eing to de tract from the. unearthly character of these spectacles. The weird sisters were sometimes much at fault in the text, and endeavored now , and then to crnceal this defect by an indistinct 1 utterance. Some of the choruses were good, and the scenery in the later meetings of Mac beth with the witches wa3 much admired* To night " Mammon" will be played. 