FCTZROY. (Before a Bench of Magistrates,) A Milk Walk. Mr. G. Beavia has his morning supply of .milk left on tho window sill, because liko all sensible men he doesn't caro to bo roused out Ot me Lad all treuuly ikiuiS, .....i Uiituc tu nutter tno starts ot tits nocturnal garment, (shirt tai s might, hurt -the feelings of the fastidious: hence "thcijabeve elaboration) in " matutital, ambrosial breeze. Tho youths of CollingWood 'and Fitzr'oy aro fond of. milk, aud aro in trie habit of- stealing their morn ing Luteal ' liquids from - 'window sills. 'Richard Wisard tried on the little milk gaihe yesterday morning, but got to Beavia' house before the legi'-imato . ' Milk, ho )" had arrffod. "I'll c.U again," Eaid Diok, all nloric to bimsolf. Ho did- call agaiji, found the niilk jug full of mill:, lopped it up (tho mill.-; r,ot the jus) aud slithered.' Now. be it understood, Mr. Beavia had " twigged" Mister Richard's first little .felonious essay, so watched for hi j second sortie. A police man was laid on, and.tljo gontloman in blue, after a bit of a run, cellared Milky Dick iu au ignominiouoly obscure outhouse ina back yarn. R chard's marl graving for milk h s put him to inconvenience, for nfter trying 'to gut hia captor to tako half a orowhifor thu stolen beverage, . iui baa ncen subjeated to tnu imp ossantnesa of ljein-g drraigoeVI as a moan thivf, and sent to ' otiokuy "for ono month. Dick .will mi-s his iiiilk dreadfully at Mr, Clastieau'a farm. Dick's blood evidently curdlod 'as ho wih: 'his "ivhey" to the lookup. He couldn't sea thu oronm ol tho joke. . Jack/ Skeppard. Or, his i ghost oamd' up this morning for throwing atonen. ,.Tha ighost oalls hiinselt- Miek- Flannory, 'hat tbat'B'evidbiitly-nn alias, bcoacso ,bo. is the exact "Bizo'df, 'the stage Jack Shepparu. t wears tho exact face of the Newgate hero, anil tho self-same "ead of air." .Jack's ghost 'is poor, to ho will j go into ditraeoo .viie tor. forty .oight hours, <ia stood of paying half a "-aov." An extra .sharp .look, out will liavc to bo the order of the day at the Gollihgwood louk up. j 