THE City of Ballarat School Board of Advice has performed the happy despatch. We an nunced some time ago that the board had in contemplation the committal of official suicide, and on Saturday we published the manifesto of. the board • explaining, the. reasons, for the ac€. | Mr Mackay,' or Mr Mackay and bis .sitb ordinates, or; = the ..wrong-headedness of the.. Board of Advice, or the force of some dark circumstances oyer which, presumably, none of the people we have mentioned had control, has led to the surrender of office by the hoard—a board whose members represent nearly half a dozen Protestant churches. It, was seen from the first that the position and functions of the boards of advice were: somewhat- uncertain, and that the vague : duties supposed to, belong to the boards were an unthankful work, and the working of the act hitherto has fully borne out these original 'notions 'respecting - the boards. These'bbdies have, in- fact, been a sort of go-between, but without any effective powers, and the City board, after a long term of office, in which it has undergone a great fight of afflictions in the shape of hearing complaints and making complaints and getting nothing effectual'done, and so wearied at: last, it seems, with the resultless struggle, has given up .the; . ghost. . The probability is, .that the reasons given by thd.board' for, this' step are true ones, and that the “how not to do it” of the department'is* to blame for,.the .disgrace ful conclusion: to-, which the-, official. life, of- the board has 'tliris beeii brought.!* /j -: In its manifesto, published' in our .issue of Saturday, .the, board starts with"the, state ment -that its., duties have'. 'boeir : .pu’reiy,’ perfunctory, and have’ ‘been’' barren"' of' any : practical result- in promoting the interests of education, in this district. The board states, further, that in districts where' there is' a resi dent inspector the boards' of advice have no functions..worthy the name, unless'if be that ,'of, carrying, out the eqmp.nlspfy'clauses of the act. - .Bpt that one,. only. function the board ' coiild'not fulfil;' becaiise' of'hhe want of : school ' accommodation within ■■■its jurisdiction^> a; want which .the board charges ..directly,upon the; department; The department-, will pro bably reply, as we believe,' ini fact, it. has; re plied, that the board stood . in the way of school extension by objecting to the sites selected by the department, and failing To suggest .other available and suitable' ones. But, if the board’s manifesto be true: that. reply of ! can;.-hardly, be thoroughly Tu accordance with facts, for the board says V that, notwithstanding the em phatic representations .of; this boar.d to the department, urging The!needs of the district tofurtheri school'accommodation,; as also (of ;a local training school, 1 no* attempt has been made to . erect : ne\y ; buildings, - nor l ■ is there any reliable prospect of ..The .promised school buildings rendering any available help 1 for a ; considerable . period.” : , Now, if it be True- 'that '.“no attempt” has, been made,-, it is clear that the, department' is altogether , in ; the wrong and; ought to -be ashamed of itself, and, ought’ to!'be Ashamed' of haying coerced a representative body, > like lhe Board of Advice, ,td '/cut ;ite own; throat in public. When we referred to this'matter before and stated The probabUity di therimminent suicide of the board; we pointed but The sug gestive fact that,,in Ballarat East, where one of the parliamentary: representatives,; is ' a member of' the Ministry''and; another , a Sup porter of the Ministry,vt.wo State; schools.were already built, while in Ballarat West, with a larger, population; but; whose -parliamentary rep.resentatiyesThad; The misfortune To sit on the opposition side of the House! there'was:not a single new State school erected;-.We pointed but, also, that the great want hf.school accom modation was felt to be- endangering, -not only • the interests of. education, but the" bo.dilj’ health of both teachers, and. children, and.that ■ as . the. summer season ' was. coming;;, bh. the ‘dangers to be apprehended; from - epidemic -diseases were toogreat ’. to be. with anything like satisfaction. vAßut,.Tip 1 to the present-time'nothing has been-;done,. and, as the board points out, all the promised im provements are still in the clouds, and both the training school and the State school in ordinary have yet to be produced in Ballarat West! Butuh the intefyal that' has elapsed since the election of the Board of Advice and its surrender of office there-'has been no end of communications between the board and' the department, and the wonder .is, not, that' the board has at last thrown up the sponge, but that it persisted so long, in fighting against the vis inertice of the department. We can quite understand that the board is at last thoroughly 'disgusted with its position, 1 and its' concluding statement in its manifesto sounds like a verdict' of censure upon the department. The board, sajts “ that regarding' the; Time, labor, and advice already wasted by, this board iu the vain endeavor to discharge its responsibili ties to . the ratepayers, and in . prospect of the interval of inaction which' must occur before the" ' compulsory provisions of the act can be safely carried into effect, the members of the board are unanimous in their determination to send in their resignations tp the, Minister, of .Education.” It stands to reason that men of business, who have got their own private affairs to attend to besides a multiplicity of public affairs to look after in one capacity and another,, will, not; consent to act in a perfunctory manner month after,month, and to write,useless,letters to a dull, unresponsive department, while at the same time they see so much that needs amend ment in local school affairs. Most, if not all, the members of our school hoards are men accustomed to business, and accustomed also to public business, Most of them are men who have sat, or arc sitting, on committees of, management of local institutions, and who know something about the necessity of vigi lance in- disposing of- the recurring duties of life, and they, innocently enough no doubt, thought as a /School Board of Advice they would be- able to see something of the same virtues displayed iu tho working of the educa tional department. It would be comforting, let us hope, to have from the department a plain statement of the reasons why the school accommodation in Ballarat West remains as it is. It would be instructive to know whether or not the officers of the department have ex hausted their powers In discovering suitable places for new schools, and .whether the. pro posed creation of a training school at Ballarat was ever seriously Intended or not, ': If is a 'notable, and not very, pleasant, feet, that, from ■all.quarters there come grumblings from hom'd 3 of advice against the department. It is scarcely,, possible,, to take up, a, newspaper, come from' whatever part of the colony it may! but we see something of the grievances existing between the local school homdo . the department, and it isluirdly conceivable that ill the school boards in all parts' of the ’colony ’ are in the wrong and the department alonein the right. In; the same issue in which rwe published the resignation of the Ballarat board : we also an nounced the resignation of the Clunes board,, and it is not unlikely that there will be now an'epidemic of- resignations. We,,hope, there, may beif the process should lead to the injec tion of a little-more'vigor into-the working'of the department, and to the thoughtful con sideration and application of needed reforms. If the departmeiitr,ie.- morally in the right, then it stands to reason that there must be something grosslydb-tieed of reform in the act itself, or in th| regulations under, the act,’and in. any event there seeihs to be a necessity -for some general conference of school boards with a view of sounding and finding out the real bottom in this business. If the complaints made here and there be valid, it seems that a host of -minor details in, connection with the schools need investigation and reform, and the question may very properly be discussed whether or not the boards should’have greater powers.. The City board, amongst its reasons for resignation, says that’ at where there is a resident inspector, • boards have no functions worthy of the name, with, the single exception of the enforcement: of the compul sory provisions of the act. Well, that is -a function which is not -very attractive. The boards cannot enforce’,the act magisterially, and have, therefore, none of'the. dignity at taching to the magisterial office, but must be regarded rather as a sort of detectives hunting after law-breakers. Even with the most ample profusion; of school accommodation that de tective function would ih itself be’ unpleasant' in its nature,: and oueL : that would hardly be acceptable to a body of gentlemen elected as the boards of advice’are elected. But: where the accommodation is monstrously deficient, as it is in Ballarat West, the duty in question becomes simply impossible of exercise by reason able men. It-seems to us, therefore, that let. .the’ amount of the blame be. more’ or , less in respect of the delay id the " erection of proper school accommodation, the . City board, has done the proper thing in resigning office,’ for the resignation will tend to bring-matters to an issue, and- may possibly lead '.'tofsome such proceeding as that we have already hinted at in relation to a conference in the interests of administrative reform. :. The expe rience gained by the boards’ .as: to the-working of the act and of the department,’and of. their, own relation do both,, should, enable: those’ bodies t 6 ; make valuable suggestions relative to the powers they ought to' have if they are to exist at all. - Under the Scab Act, boards of advice 1 have generally been snubbed; by the-- inspectors, and if inspectors are to snub under; .the Education Act, or Ministers and secretaries are to, be as dumb dogs or as officials blown; about by every wind of log-rollerism, the boards may as well, cease:to. be, and-then they will cease to be in any shape as scape : goats for the sins of omission-and commission charge able upon the Education Department. : Since writing the above the - suggestions of the Clunes board have come under our notice. The board seems to have faith in the teachers and inspectors, and so thorough a disgust; at' its own past life ;of uselessness - while, at-' the 1 mercy . of the department, that it says, and in Our , opinion' quite ..justifi- : ably Holding the ; views above stated,’ the present-members of. the board are of opinion that having no power, no control, and nothing else in the shape of reality (vide . the, speech of the hon. the Minister of Instruction,- Hansard,: page: 1871), they are no longer justified in continuing in office; and hereby' tender their resignations to the-Minister.” 