TOWN TALK For some time past an opinion has been gaining ground that the town of Geelqng cannot be nearly so advantageoasly go verned under the cumbersome Corporation Act granted it and Melbourne many years ago, as it conld be under the Local Go vernment Bill. That it would gain many advantages were the new system in troduced cannot for a moment be denied by any person who has studied the two statntes. Of course there will be a natural desire on the part of some gentlemen to retain the dignity of being aldermen, but we are very mnch mistaken if there is one of them that will allow his personal ambi tion to stand in the way of the proposed innovation if it can be satisfactorily shown that the alteration in the mode of govern ment will be beneficial to the burgesses of the town at large. In order that the two statutes may be well discussed the Mayor, at the request of a number of gentlemen deeply versed in local government, has con vened a public meeting of ratepayers, to be held in the Town Hall this evening, when we hope to see a crowded attendance, and the question at issue fully ventilated. Persons whose names are not inserted on the ratepayers1 rolls, and who wish to avail themselves of the privileges of the franchise daring the ensuing year mast take oqt their Elector's Bights on or before the 1st Sep tember, that being the day fixed for the completion of the general lists in each year. A general meeting of the Grant and Polwarth Coursing Clnb, presided over by Mr S. V. Bnckland, was held at Mack's Hotel yesterday, when two new members were elected and five more proposed, the majority of these being Melbourne men. This is exceedingly satisfactory, showing as it does, that the breach between the two leading clubs is being healed—the sooner all that little disagreement about the ap pointment of judges, the better it will be for both parties. We also hear, with pleasure, that some of the leading members of the Victorian Coursing Club intend to enter dogs for the President's Cap, for with one or two exceptions, they have refrained from assisting at any meeting of the Grant and Polwarth Clnb during the present season. There was some dis cussion yesterday at the meeting about the advisability or otherwise of altering the date for the President's Cap meeting, so that it might not clash with the Smeaton show, bat after disenssion it was wisely decided to.allow-the date to remain as at first fixed. We say wisely, for an altera tion of dates of either coursing or racing meetings should always, if possible, be avoided. The proposed increase of the tax on greyhonnds was also mooted, bat it was decided to take no action at present in the matter, and here it may be remarked that several well-known owners of greyhounds are against any increase. They deny that it is well-bred greyhonnds that worry sheep —such dogs being too valuable to be al lowed to roam about the country. £1 per head fdr every greyhound would press too heavily on many—Mr Hepburn, Mr Green, Mr Qoiney, and other gentleman for in stance, who own so many valuable dogs. The gentlemen who are opposed to an in crease of the tax are of opinion that, if the present dog tax is strictly enforced, it will answer all requirements. After extending over seven days,* the libel action brought by Mr Walker, the owner of the steeplechase horse, Marquis of Lome, against the proprietors of the Aus tralasian, concluded yesterday, when the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff on the first and third counts with one farthing damages in each case, and on the second count a verdict for the defendant. The three counts may be briefly summarised as follows:—The first count alleged the pub lication of a libel on the 31st May, 1873, in a letter signed "Justice," addressed to the stewards of the Bendigo Jockey Club, referring to the polling of the racehorse Marqois of Lome at the Bendigo Steeple chase Meeting on the 28th May, and the disqualification of the horse and owner and jockey by the stewards ; second count, a leading article, dated 7th June, on the same subject; third, another article abont the race. Li bis first action, if we recollect aright, Mr Walker gained a verdict for £300, and some surprise was expressed when he moved-for and obtained a new trial. The resnlt can hardly have been gratifying to him, as it does not appear'tbe judge certified for costs, and these mast have been very heavy, as a powerful bar was engaged on either side. Comment on the ease would perhaps be injudicious, and until we have duly considered it in all its bearings we shall content ourselves by stating the proprietors of the Australasian have nobly foaght for the rights of the Press. Mr Krnse, the well-known Melbourne chemist, has purchased the old Bellarine Mill, at Drysdale, for the purpose of esta blishing some chemical works in connection with the waters from the Clifton Springs, Drysdale. A man named Thomas Frazer, whose domestic differences have had the benefit of the revision of the bench, recently produced two sureties who were bound over yesterday in the sum of £25 as a guarantee that he would contribute 25s per week towards the support of his wife for six months. At a meeting of the Canterbury L->dge 71, I-O.G T., held at Drysdale, on Wed nesday evening, the following officers were iosialted by Bro. Hebbard, D.G.W.C.T., for the ensuing quarterP.W.C.T. Bro. Hocking ; W.C.T. Bro. Carruthers, W.Y. T. Bro. Stradling, W.T.Bro. Gallop, W.C. Bro. Aehwortb, W.S. Bro. Lyons, W.A.S. Sister Bradbear, W.F.S. Sister A. Bradbear, W.M. Bro. Prince, W.D.M. Sister Harris, R.H.S. Sister Axam, L.H S. Sister Benham, W.J.G. Bro. J. Lyons, W.A.G. Bro. E. ' Hamson. Oar local boatbuOder, Mr Blunt, has received an order from the Bar won Bowing Club to build two new *friQg*tCat giga oa I exactly similar lines. They are intended for ere teg engaged in the scratchfour races, and will be a most' useful addition to the club's stock. It is expected they will be ready in abont twov months time, when some races will be held. " Lover of Fair Play" has not complied I with our roles. We will not publish letters nnless the correct name of the writer is | enclosed, not for publication, bat as guarantee of good faith. This is the second letter we have had to refuse to insert during the past few days for the Bame reason. In future we Bhall take no notice of any communication when the rnle alluded to is not complied with. Elizabeth M'Kenzie, a dapper little woman, whose head and shoulders barely rose above the wooden walls of the dock at the Police Court, was charged yesterday with forgery and uttering, and also with obtaining money by false and fraudulent representations. The prisoner, who carried an infant in her arms, turned oat to be the woman who little more than a week ago oDtained £10 5s in cash, and 25s worth of drapery, from Mr Thomas Fiynn, of Moo rabool street, by means of a cheque bearing the name of Mr Josiah Austin, and subse quently received £7 from Mr Geo. 'White law, of Market Square, by producing an order for the money conveyed in a letter, purporting to be signed by a farmer at JDnck Ponds, named Pownatl. Both letter and cheque turned out to be perfectly worthless, and'yesterday the names at tached were shewn to be forgeries. On the first charge—that of forging and uttering, the prisoner was committed to take her trial. Towards the conclusion of the evidence for the prosecution on the second charge of imposition, Mr J. Higgins, who appeared for the prisoner, submitted that Mr Whitelaw and his assistant were mis taken as to the identity of the offender, whereupon Inspector Palmer immediately put Mr M'Cnre into the witness-box, and he proved that after receiving the cheque for £7 from Mr Whitelaw, she called at his establishment and got it cashed. For this ofience she received six months' imprison ment. The prisoner Eome years ago kept an hotel at the Duck Ponds, and hence her acquaintance with the residents iu that neighbourhood. " Old Jenny," the delight of the nurse girls and children who patronised the nursery of our Botanical Gardens, has shuffled off this mortal coil. Yesterday morning when the curator was making his usual round he discovered the popular pet monkey lying dead. Old age and grief produced at finding her claims to general recognition diminished by the in- troduction of a precocious male monkey, presented by Mr H. Franks are believed to have contributed in inducing the chained captive to leave the scene of her seven years bondage. Mr E. Willey, of East Bellarine, is a candidate for the vacant seat at the Bella rine Board of Advice, and as his nomina tion paper has been signed by some of the leading men of the district, it is anticipated that he will stand a good chance of being returned. The members of the St. Mary's Total Abstinence Society are iuvitcd to assemble in regalia on Monday evening for the pur pose ot marching in procession to the Mechanics' Institute. A correspondent calls the .attention of the Corporation to an old trap-door over a cellar in front of one of the hotels in Great Byrie-street, in the middle of the footpath. He states if the door is not strengthened, or replaced, a serious accident will probably be the result. The following football matches will be played to-morrow, viz:—Sardinia v Gee long, for the President's Cup, to be played on the Argyle gronnd, play to commence at 2.45 p.m.—This will be the third en counter for the season between these two clnbs, and as the Sardinians have mnch improved it is thonght they will make it very warm work for the holders of the trophy. The following will represent the GeelongClub, viz:—Messrs Beard, Blair, I Clayton, Cullen, Day, Dowling, Down, | Dwyer, Francis, Hall, Hamilton, Knight. Longden, Rout, Simson, Sparrow, Speed, Stephen, Upton, J. Wilson. Emergencies— Osborne, Wallace, Pearson and W. Upton. The following will represent the Kardinia: —A. Watt (captain), Brewer, H. Mont gomery, Bice, Crohan, W. Veitcb, Satch well, Newing, Franklin, Rankin, M'Swee- ] ney, H. Watt, Eden, Pyke, Harding, | W. Montgomery, Fegan, Clarke, Chris tey, and Hackett. Emergency—Mills, Ritchie, J. Rice, Sayers, and Sims. On Newtown Hill the Eclipse and Prince of WaleB Clnbs will meet to try conclu- I sions, when the following will represent the Eclipse, viz.:—W. Glenister (captain), H. Williams, G. Glenister,. C. Everett, G. Tait, W. Harrison, W. Sinclair, J. Yonng, G. Manley, E. Bicketts, H. Yesey, J. P. Glenister, J. Palmer, A. Sayers, W. Hayes, W. Murphy, F. Moore, R. Pearson, R. Greenwood, A. Brownhill. The Prince of Wales will he represented by:—O. Hamil ton (captain), H. Williamson, B. Berry, G. Morrow, G. Hill, — Davis, J. Mulligan, M. Hall, W. M'CulIocb, A. Begg, A. Scott, W. Mitchell, A. Collins, R. Kirk, J. Mil lar, J. Hossack, N. Howell, R. Sibley, A. Watts, A. Hanson ; emergency, Dobinson, Pardey, GregsoD, and Austin. We learn that our leading tenor, Mr J. E. Down, has again been invited to assist the Ballsrat Philharmonic Society on the 4tb prox., when he will undertake the vocalisation allotted to Max in " Der Freisehutz." From an announcement in onr adver tising.columns it will be Been that Mr C. Weston, travelling agent for the Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria, limited, is at present at the Terminus hotel. • The Ballarat Turf Club has issued its programme for the Spring Meeting, which is to be held on the 15th and 16th October next. The principal event will be the Ballarat Cup, of 300 sovs, with a sweep of 10 Bovs. added, the total amount of added money being £1040. The ladies of Daylesford would appear to appreciate their right to vote a great deal more than the lords of creation. Out of 617 turgeases on the roll, 525 went to the poll; 18 of these, were ladies, of whom there were 20 qualified to vote. Of the two that did not exercise their privilege one had left the town, and the other 'was nursing a sick person. Giving and taking in marriage would appear to be very popular at Ballarat just now, as the Star says—" One of our lead ing confectioners informs us that be has sold no less than 50 wedding cakes during the past month. This is surely a healthy sign of the times; or do weddings, like influenza or suicides, cotne as epidemics ?" Mr Thomas Bromell, who is a candidate for the representation of the Western Province, evidently believes in'being early in the field, for he has already published his address in the Hamilton Spectator. He expresses himself as in favor of the reform of the Constitution, by shortening the term of office of members of the. Legisla tive Council, and reducing the qualification both for members and electors, as he be lieves that the evils complained of in the working of onr representative institntions could be inore speedily and more effectually cured by these simple means, than by the plan known as the Norwegian scheme. He will also be in favour of considerably re ducing the size of the electorates, so that candidates of moderate means would be able to undertake a personal canvass of the electors, which under the present system is almost impossible; whilst the more fre quent interchange of views between the electors and members would ensure a more thorough acquaintance with the require ments of the constituency, and conse quently a more adequate degree of representation. He would alsa give hi' support to any government advocat ing an amendment of the land laws so as to prevent the exodus of the farming population to other colonies. The Hamil ton Spectator, commenting on the subject, says:—" To-day we have the message that Mr Andrew Rutherford, of Geelong, is also a candidate. Of course, until the entries are closed we shall not be expected to say much about the affair, hut in the wanting «bm j| w 9* ffrtWH tto field with candidates who are obviously out of the running. The electors, we believe, are determined to have a local man who knows their wants and feelings, and who possesses a stake in the district. Unless Mr Andrew Rutherford can claim these indispensable' qualifications, it would be a work of supererogation for him to come forward. We are by no means pledged to Mr Bromell at this early stage, but we will | go so far as to say that he certainly comes I up to those conditions. We like the tone of Mr Bromell's address to the electors, which is liberal and at the same time ] moderate, nor can we avoid thinking that if similar views were entertained by the I majority in the Legislative Council, there | would be no Constitutional Reform ques tion to trouble ns now." Wednesday's Warrnambool Examiner supplies the following :— " Another old colonist has ' given up the ghost.' In our obituary to-day will be found the name of Dr Byass, who was so well known to the old settlers of this district. For the past three years he has resided at or near Hamilton. Dr Byass was a regular ' old colonist,' having landed in South Australia in the year 1836, when he was appointed resident Government Doctor to the South Australian Company, then established at Kangaroo Island; about a year after, on the breaking up of the settlement, he left for Portland, and there and on the Wannon was for inany years the pioneer doctor of the Western District, his circuit in those days extending from Geelong to Mount Gambier, on the South Australian side. About tbe year 1851 he removed to Warr nambool. where be practised for some years. For the past five or six years, through failing health, he has not followed his profession. The deceased was a brother of the celebrated M r Robert Byass, of bottled ale.and porter fame, who died some -years ago worth nearly half a million of money." The following from the Star will be read with interest by those who have noticed the splendid hams and bacon Mr Foord has from time to time exhibited in Geelong :— " A visit to the establishment of Mr John Foord, ham and bacon curer, Eureka street, Specimen Hill, amply repays the curious for any trouble. Very few persons are aware of the importance of the industry, and it may be at once stated that it is in an exceedingly thriving condition. Besides the ham and bacon curing being conducted in Eureka street, other'* small goods,' as the butchers term German, Italian, and other- sausages, and which find a speedy sale, are being made. On an average about 100 pigs are killed in a week at Mr Foord's place. The German, Italian, and Stras bourg sausages are made of pork, and nicely seasoned. These articles form an excel lent dish, judging from the number of or ders for supplies to all parts of the district, and out of it too, which are daily received. The process of curing bacon, &c.;, has often been described, but a run through the Eureka street factory is at once interesting aud instructive to the uninitiated. From the killing department, the hanging, salt wg, drying, smoking, and finishing rooms; one can gather a deal of information; aud the operation of salting, pickling, &c.;, the different articles of f* od is-well worth see ing Unlike other factories, there is not the slightest disagreeable smell, everything being_ done decently and in order. The principal rooms are of stone, with blue stone flagging and concrete for flooring ; the floors have a gentle slope, and-clean •water constantly flows over the place, thus effectually removing any refuse, &c.;" The officers of the Ballarat Hospital nave struck against their fixed dietary scale. They very justly considered, the istar remarks, that they have a right to a change m their diet. The President of the Hospital explained to the committee on Wednesday evening that in an evil momeni he had yielded to the solicitations of the officers, and allowed them a lurkey for Sunday s dinner; but the house committee had raised an objection to the expense. It was reported, however, that the price of the turkey was not more than what would have been paid to the butcher for beef or mutton. The almost unanimous Toice of the meeting, on hearing the president's explanation, was that the wishes of the officers wath respect to their diet should be complied with, and the house committee I were recommended accordingly to accede I to the request. | The resuscitation of the Colac Observer appears to have been attended with some little unpleasantness. The Colac Herald says that "the state of affairs at the Colac office during the last few days we should imagme has scarcely a parallel in journalistic annals. On Saturday last the original proprietor of that journal, Mr Haslam, who resides on the premises ejected Mr Gilbert's workmen from the pnntmg office, and locked up the place n f f h"eZl'eSL of the police, and battered in the door, once more taking possession of the office. The ordinary work of the day was then pro wfrrhf ! an«a B£lt was ^mediately , brought against Mr Haslam for his action | damages being laid at £25o. Nothing fur ther transpired until Monday morniDg, when the new proprietary discovered that what are technically known as the 'sticks' and galleys, together with sundry bolts cuds and bars m the printing pressi, had beep i rriT h °ffice' and were not t£> be ®eircb-warrant was obtained by Mx Gilbert, and Mr Haslam's premises thoroughly examined for traces of the min ing plant, but withontthe slightes success la the meantime8 letter waf received by Hssw f journalists from Mr Haslam s lawyer, returning the deposit money of the contract, and averring that contract' was.***/««?<« mentis when the contract was signed. He, therefore called i the° htde diffieriH°leaV6 thepTEW''s'es- Ani i I 'ttle difficulties at the Observer office I from M 8,°c^a,is,fact°rily settled—that is ; HWnrn d ,GlIb.er'3 point of View. Mr I Haslam determined that the new nrn ! pnetary should not have his plant and circumstances cou | 3*1 Mr Gdbert ! the contract signed last week " an unfailing cLnfor^fbiteSsWllICtl 316 Imperial Pr/vm? " e 8eai> bearing the •PPem tbt SttSLSTM S" 5' brandy in old and well flavored! '= '• The English Gepst. — The English Gipsies are quite without religion, being almost the only people in the world who have no notion of immortality, and are not governed in the least degree by any thought" of future reward or punishment. But if they have no religion, they have a curions devotion to the dead which has more in fluence on their lives than the religion of the most sincere believer usually has. "When a friend dies, the survivor always gives up something of which he has been fond, in memory of the dead. If it be a boou com panion, the friend who had drunk with him will taste no more liquor thereafter. Some times cigars are given up—sometimes some kind of food which the deceased loved. Often a bereaved Gipsy will give up cards; or if he haB danced often with some little brown sweetheart, he will never dance again after she is gone. Said a Gipsy to Mr Leland, who had spent much time among them— " When Gipsy men or women die, their friends do not like to call anyone else by their names, and often they change them, if any in the family are called so; for 'twould make any man grieve to bear .the names of the dead that were dear to him," The one oath that will bind a Gipsy is the oath he swears by his dead. Be may swear you as many Christian oaths as yon please: be will break them before yon are round the next corner. But let him swear by the dead, and nothing can shake his fidelity. The monkeys in Ceylon have taken to eating the bark of the Cinchona trees. No doubt their imitative powers have enabled them to see that their human relations! make use of the bark, and so they have! deeidtdupw trjiag . I 