SCIENTIFIC Ml SHARKS and other species of rayUrc largely used by the Indian Medical Depigment to obtain liver oil from to be used in consumption. CALOMEL MIXED with dough, pheed iuholesor crevices which are the resort of black beetles, cockroaches, and crickets, will, it is said, soon ' get rid of die pests. AN AiTAnATCs entitled the Aerojdiore, for enabling persons to breathe and work with a light in mibreathable and explosive gases in mines, wells, sewers, and caverns, has been invented by MM. Denayrouze of Paris. To MAKE IMITATION RED CORAL, gum the surface of the box or frame desired to be ornamented, and then sprinkle rice thickly over it, When quite dry and firm, paint all over with red sealing-wax which baa been previously dissolved in spirits of wine. PROFESSOR HORSE has recently shown that the embryo of the Brachiopods commences life as a little worm of four segments, After enjoying itself in swimming freely about the water for a time, it attaches itself to the bea-bed bv its last segment, and thus settles permanently. The middle segment then protrudes on each side of the head segment and gradually encloses it, thus producing the dorsal and ventral shells so characteristic of the entire class. A CORRESPONDENT of the Scientific American, speaking of glue as a healing remedy, says:— " For the last twelve or fourteen years I* have l>eeu employed in a shop where there are over three hundred men at work ; and hardly a day (asses but one or more of us cut or bruise our !hubs. After a while it became generally known that a rag giued on a flesh wound was not only a speedy curative, but a protection against further injury." BIRDS AND INFECTION.—It would almost appear that birds, in some maimer, become aware of infection in the air. Recent Continental journals state that at Munich, where several cases of cholera have occurred, the rooks and crows, which flew about the steeples and through the trees of the public promenades, have all emigrated ; and the sauie thing happened during the cholera seasons of 1836 and 1854. According to Sir Samuel Baker, the like phenomenon occurred at Mauritius, where the martins, which existed in immense numbers the year round, wholly disapjieared during the prevalence of cholera. USE FOR FEATHERS.—It is suggested that feathers from poultry, instead of I icing thrown away, should be collected from about farms and the plume cut from the rib and saved. These, daced in a l>a™ and kneaded, become felted, are Iighter than eider-down, and would sell for about 8K. per lb., making the feathers of an ordinary sized pullet worth about tcupence. To make about a square yard of- cloth a pound and a half of down is required. The fabric is said to be almost indestructible, as, in place of fraving or wearing out at folds, it only seems to felt the lighter. It takes dye readily, and is thoroughly waterproof NEW LIFE-BUOV.— A new life-buoy, called "Dolby's Water- Bottle Life-Buoy," has been publicly tested in Belfast harbour, with highly satisfactory results. This new life-buoy is made in the fonu of a parallelogram, about three inches deep, with rounded edges, and slightly curved to fit the lndy, to which it can be strapped. It is a simple tin water-)wttie, capable of containing five or six quarts, which can be converted at a moment's notice into a life-buoy of the best description. The cost of tin's useful article is only a little l>eyond that of the ordinary bottle which the emigrant is compelled to have amongst his equipments. ABHANTEE ARCHITECTURE.—Asbant-ee architecture has more of the old Egyptian than of the Arab character. An Ashantee mansion is com- posed of courtyards, which are thoroughfares leading one into another; each courtyard is square in shape, with often a tree planted in the midst. Round the yard are rooms or alcoves raised above the ground, and tliatched overhead. The front of the alcove looks ou the yard, and a drop curtain of mat-work obtains seclusion for its inmates. The dais or platform which fomis the floor of each alcove is painted with a coating of clay, in colour a deep rich Etruscan red, wfth a beautiful jwlish. The walU are washed with white clav, which the natives of the Gold Coast often take as a medicine in water or chew as a sweetmeat. The walls are also decorated with strange and tasteful designs. Gutters on the ground and wooden pipes between the sloping thatched roofs are neatly arranged for carrying rain-water away. THE NEW SUBSTITUTE FOR COAL.—It was stated a short time ago tliat a Belgian peasant had made the extraordinary discovery that earth, coal, and soda, mixed together, would burn as well as, if not better than, any other combustible. The fact has since then been proved beyond a doubt. The Pai 'isjan paper, the MoniteHr, lias gone so far as to make the experiment at its printing-office. A correspondent of the Journal of t)ic Society of Arts has ai6o tested the compound with the most satisfactory results. The mixture was made as follows To 151b. of mould were added 3lb. of powdered coal ; also one pint of a solution of common washing soda—water, one pint; soda, one ounce. The moss was worked up after the fashion of mortar, and then made into balls about"the wze of a*large orange, Half-adozen balls in the wet state were put on a coal fire, which was not burning very brightly. In a short time the moisture was driven off,'and the halls quickly became red hot, giving out a strong hent, and apparently burning slowly without falling to pieces, the soda no doubt acting as a flux. Tlic balls, on being touched with a poker, broke into iun^s, whicu burnt like cinders, yielding a fire clear at the top. It was observed that afiterahe jijolsttite was driven off the balls liujfttr tWtJwutfttadlce, The ash was apparently of iWtvf ^i^/dtS^^p^Sifd-a^u THE ADDITION OF PBOSPHOBCS to brouzc much increases the tenacity of die article. At BORDEAUX is sold openly a liquid for adulterating wines of inferior quality, so aa to give them a superior bouquet. TBERS is in the Royal Arsenal in Copenhagen a leather gun—the only one now left of a buttery of twelve—which Charles XII. brought over from Sweden, to use in his attack against Copenhagen. A NEW BDNSEK GAS-BURNER has becu recently invented which gives a heat of about SOOOdeg. fahr. A furnace of thirty burners generates steam enough to run an engine of one and a half horse power. AN AMERICAN MACHINE for cutting ou garments has been introduced into Glasgow. The machine is by Wartli, of New York, and is said to be capable of producing from eight hundred to one thousand garments per day, the scissors cutting through froiu " 24-ply" to " 192- ply," aecoiding to the thickness of the fabric. M. WIKRZMCKI, assistant at the Observatory at Cracow, has made use of forty-five years of continuous observations on the climate of that station to investigate the influence of the moon He is in cousequeuce enabled to show that the moon has very little, if any, influence upon processes in our atmosphere. A NEW KtND OF FCEL has recently been dis covered on the Australian continent,"which has received the name of white coal. It consists ol felted vegetable fibres like peat, which contain, interspersed between them, fine grains of sand. The fuel is easilv combustible, and bums with a light flame. The white coal covers large tracts, requiring no mining, and is already largely used, STREET-WATERING.-—The watering of the streets of London is attended with an annual cost of £135,000. It employs 1,500 horses and carts, and an equivalent number of men. A new system is proposed, and is now on its trial, by which, it is asserted, the work can be done more efficiently at the cost of £23,0ft0. Pijws aiv to be laid down along the gutters of the streets, and they are to be perforated an interval?, so that when the water is let on little jets of I can l>e spurted on to the roadway. Thus the watering of the streets can IJC performed gradually as occasion may require. BLEEDING FROM SLIGHT CAUSES.—Some per sons have such a teudeuev to bleed, that even the smallest cut or scratch endangere life, particularly having a tooth extracted. I have seen persons brought very near death from this cause. Such people should always mention this to a dentist when they have a tooth drawn, so that he may be prepared. If you meet with a case of this sort get a little whiting, or pipeclay, or powdered chalk, roll this up in a bit of lint, like acork, dip this in spirits of turjientine, aud press it firmly into the hole left by the tooth. If it does not stop the bleeding in fifteen minutes, change this plug for a fresh one, and press it in steadily. Do not remove this at least for twelve hom*, and even then do not pull it out, but wash the mouth with cold water till it is loose. COMPOUNDS FOR COLORING BUTTER.—Several new compounds have been made the subject of patents. One compound devised by Mr. D. W. bake, of Brooklvu, consists in adding annatto to pure oil obtained by melting the butter. The annatto is mixed mechanically with the liquid, and produces a compound of a reddish golden color— '51 lis. of oil to 511 w. of annatto being the proportions. One or two lbs. of the coloring matter suffice for lOOlhs of butter. Messrs. Bogard, Cramer, and Lewis, of Laporte City, Iowa, patented September 16, 1873, another coloring compound composed of annatto, 5oz.; curcuma, pulverised, 6oz.; saffron, loz.; lard oil, 1 pint, and butter, f»lbs. It is said that the amount of coloring thus obtained is sufficient. for 5000lbs. of butter. SrmiT PHOTOGBAHS.—A curious spiritualistic revelation is given by a transatlantic scientific contemporary :—"The spirit photographs which pass current among credulous spiritualists for genuine ghosts of the departed are produced in various ways. The latest aud most improved scientific method is as follows :—The plain buckground screen, before which the sitter is placed in oiiler to have his put ro.it taken, is to be painted beforehand with the fonu of the desired spirit, the paint being composed of some solution of sulphate of quinine. When this paintiug dries on the screen it is invisible to the eye ; but it sends out rays that have power to impress the photo plate, and thus the image of the person, together with the quinine ghost, are simultaneously developed upon the negative." PAUL'S NEW METHOD OF LITHOGRAPHIC TRANSFER.—A new method has lately been announced by 51. Paul for transferring ({photographic image upon stone by the process of photo-lithographj'. The ordinary method consists m producing a positive image ou gelatinised paper treated witu. bichromate of potash. After exposure it is entirely covered with a fatty ink, and then washed with warm water to remove the unaltered gelatine. The image remains with its black coating of lithographic ink, and is next by a well- known pvoccs.fi transferred upon a stone suitably prepared. Images thus obtained, however, lack a sharpness of outline, because the warm water produces a swelling of the undissolved gelatine, and softens the lithographic ink. As a consequence, when transferred to stone, which requires a ceitain pressure, the softened portions are flattened out, and produces blisters, or irregular contours. This inconvenience is obviated by Paul's method, which consists essentially in the substitution of albumen for gelatine, so that the washing can be done with cold water. The paper is covered with a layer of albumen, combined with a concentrated solution of the bichromate of potash. After a sufficient exposure under the negative, the paper is covered with lithographic ink, then immersed in cold water to dissolve the unaltered albumen, which is taken away with a soft sponge. A very sharp picture is thus produced, which can be transferred to stone. 