ON -BADtES AND LADDERS.* (Fromn the L~oonedo Weekly Dispatch.) WE are not aware whether the writer who assumes the nom doe plmeo of Emmanuel Kink is an American or not, but are die posed to guess from the evidence of his book that he is not, although he has succeeded in producing a volume of comic essays which would do credit to the best of transatlantic humorists. Our chief reason for believing him to be a denizen of the United Kingdom is that though his fun is genuine, it is alto gether free from the senseless profanity which characterises the gentlemen who of late years hlave sprung up in the states to maltke laughter for allnations. The singular title chosen may be very simply explained. He treats of people and institutions. The former he chooses to call babies; the latter ladders, because they are means to an end; and he very fairly suggests to his readers that if the title is not approved of, it is very easy to paste a scrap of paper over it and re-christen the volume according to one's fancy. The sketches are really funny, and, in some cases, delicious. For instance, a discourse On Marriage proceeds as fol lows:— Marriage is an old custom which, like killing rats, was begun when people were ignorant, and has stuck to them even to this day. Men are married to two kinds of things, ideas and women. Ideas are the one-pound note currency, the North- west Passage, vegetable diet, and national debt, old china, and patent corkscrews, Women are girls, and nurses and matrons and governesses and heroines and maiden aunts and widows and spinsters and blue stockings and maids and flirts and prudes. There is also another kind, called mothers-in-law or ghouls. Women live chiefly in drawing-rooms, nurseries, shops, and kitchens. They are mostly low people, and no men of any respectability associate with them. I have written about them before, and as I am not now writing natural history or a description of all the other kinds of serpents and insects, I will not say anything more about them. If women must be written about, a second class man must be got to do it. I only write about what I choose. Ideas are kept in the heads of members of parliament, and men whoIe have got sun stroke, and men who can't chew, and lawyers, and dukes who have got gout and money, and men who want to get .up com panies. Ideas are sometimes better than property, for they enable men to live without working or paying income-tax. Sometimes, however, they are more expensive to keep than a pack of hounds or a ship of war. When you talk to a man about an idea which he has married, he gets red, in the face, throws his arms wildly about him and commences making a speech. If a man gets very violent about an idea to which he is married, his friends look him up in a spare room, and feed him with bread and water through the key-hole, and ask the lord chancellor to act as agent for his property. This makes the man so savage that he tries to stab himself with rolled-up copies of comic journals. I once saw a man who was married to the idea of making the whole world happy by giving a tandem to every working man. He was very rich, and had made presents of forty tandems when his people put him into the room. At the time I went to see him, he was sitting on a shelf in the back kitchen and had all the daily papers twisted up into a rein, and was trying to drive an office stool up the chimney. He complained to me that none of the papers were strong enough to hold in his horse when it attempted to shy or run away. I asked him if he had tried the Daily Telegraph. He said yes, but the moment be put the Daily Telegraph near his horse the animal commenced kicking and plunging to such a degree that he had to call the whole household to his assistance. In former times men married a whole lot of women, but as they became more en lightened, they gradually lessened the number, until now, in civilised countries, men never marry more than one. A man once told me, that in those days every one had such an immense family, that no woman could tell her mother from hier father's other wives, and consequently, there was no danger from mothers-in-law! In many barbarous countries, such as Gormany, and the Cannibal Islands, and Turkey, men even still marry more than one woman; but as my essays are going to be translated next year into the languages of all these countries, and as the inhabitants will then be able to improve their minds, and. become rational beings, the custom will disappear from the earth. When men have been married for some time, a lot of small creatures, with rattles and bone-rings in their hands, begin to creep about the house, and fall into water jugs, and burn their hair at the kitchen fire, and drink boiling water out of the kettle on the hob, and swallow brass nails, and put soap into the tea-cups. After a little while those become children, in which unhappy state they eat electuary for break fast, and wooden'skewers and potatoes fried in caster oil for dinner, and jam spread over rhubarb powder for tea. They swallow two fourpenny:pieces a week, and fall out of a window two or three times each month. They tumble down thile kitchen stairs, and lie ait the bottom in the dark, until the man with the coals stumbles over them. Tihey got their teeth knocked out against window *Essays on Things in General. By Emmanuel Kink. John Camden oltten. sills and one another's foreheads. They are introduced by their nurses to every ghost that is small enough to come down the chimney. They are put under sofas, or out on the leads, like flower-pots, when anyone visits the house. Their skin is scraped off four or five times a day with fine wire gauze and yellow soap. A man once told me that the reason the people prefer having children in their houses to dogs or cats or zebras is because you can amuse yourself by making a child unhappy all day long, but a beast is only miserable when it is suffering from cold, hunger, or a beating. An essay On Married Man is also worth quoting in full: Married men are very common. They may be found in great numbers in any large assembly, and even in the publio streets. They are known by having sad looks, bad clothes, and irritable tempers. I once knew one who had a good temper, but' his wife was dead. Married men always know the prices of potatoes and coal. They are generally red in the face, and don't wear moustaches. They are food of dining at their friends' houses, and like mustard and onions. They have wives either living or dead. The living wives sometimes stampon the floor, and sometimes cry: an elderly gentleman told me this. Some married men have a lot of children. I know one who has thirteen. He never goes home until ten o'clock at night. He kicks dogs when he meets them, and reads the descriptions of murders in the papers. He borrowed half a-sovereign from me and never paid it back. He has no watch, carries a heavy stick, and pounds it on the pavement when he walks. I have heard him use bad language. He laughed once when he saw a woman beating a child in a back street. He asked me if that wasn't good? At another time I saw him buy a pennpworth of sulphur, a penny worth of cream-o'-tartar, and two penny worth of treacle. He put them all into a pickle bottle. He bites his nails, and is altogether ill-mannered. Married men never hnavoe buttons on their shirt- sleeves. but they Iave patches on their clothes. They never wear gloves. Some of them drink prossic acid until it injures their health. They sometimes have oranges at four a penny in their back coat pocket, at other times they have boot laces. They often talk about emigrating, and afterwards sending for their families. One of them once told me that he had given hostages to fortune, but Ididn't belie,'o him. I once heard a man say that li was fond of his family, but at the time he was in a lunatic asylum, and his keeper told me he had never been married. Men generally marry when they are young and have no experience in the world. The moment they ire married they get into a carriage with their brides and drive to a railway-station, and go off to Killarney or to Paris for a month. You see, they are so much ashamed of their folly that they can not endure the raillery of their friends. When they come hack, all their spare money is epent, and people pity them so much that they say nothing to them, only ask them to dinner. Three months after they are mar ried they go out, clad in waterproofs, for long walks of bad nights, if they have no place but their homes to go to. After they are a year married they never get any sleep of nights, for they have to sit up in top coats and rock the baby. This makes them wish they were dead. Also their mother-in-law makes them wish they were dead, and wants a present of a shawl every month. I knew a very amiable and inoffeneivoe man who be came left-handed from rocking the cradle with his left hand. He afterwards died from jaundice. Married men generally take a month's holiday in the summer; they send their families to the seaside and stay at home themselves. This costs a great deal of money, but they could not live without some recreation. I heard one of them make three jokes during such a month. At this time they sometimes call you "old boy," when they offer you snuff. During the whole of this time they never comb their hair, but live in a state of great comfort. They stand smiling at street corners, give pence to beg gars, and shake hands with everyone that passes that they know. Fortunately for my own comfort and for the welfare of mankind I have been gifted with great powers of reflection. I mean to reflect a little on the matter of married men. Marriage is an evil which must be endured, like the adulteration of milk. But certain non-essential evils should be put down by law. It is the imperative duty of the legis lature to lessen when possible the sufferings of the subject. At present I shall specify only one means of abating the wrongs en dured by married men-namely, mothers-in law. I would have an not passed called the "M other-in-law Act: being an Act for the Abating of the Nuisance of Mothers-in Law." The substance of it should be that any married male rated occupiershould have it in his power to declare an outlawry against his own mother-in-law, or against the mother-in-law of any other rated or un rated occupier, and that such outlawry should empower such rated occupier to expel or cause to be expelled from his house or castle any mother-in-law found therein or thereabout, prowling or lying in wait, with or without felonious intent upon his happi ness; and, furthermore, I would have a clause inserted in this act to the following effect, that is to say,-" That the married occupier aforesaid shall have it in law and equity in his power and at his option, in the event of resistance on the part of any such mother- in-law, to throw, pitch, heave, cast, lob, jerk, or shy any teapot, cup, saucer, spoon, or other not (leadly article in domestic use at the offender, without being subject to any action, criminal or civil, for the same." I would not have the benefit of thit act ex tended to lodgers, because they are a low lot, and dry lo0thes on lines out of windows. But, alas! how can we hope that sech a measure will pass through parliament ? The mttjority of its members do not feel the grievance, as they are mostly old men with elderly wires, and neur;y all their mothers in-law are dtead l My publisher has just told me th'iat in London taverns and restaurants "mother-in law "is the name given to ale when it is ordered to be drawn " old and bitter." But who would so far forget himself us to believe a publieher? Subjects of all sorts are treated in the same pleasantly-abeurd fashion, from boat racbes to boards of guardians; and altogether we do not remember for many a year a book out of which an ordinary being coh ensure a greater amount of hearty laughter. 