OUR GIRLS. The question is becoming increasingly importiuit to a large number of. j,, our people — " W hat is to be done with our girls It will not do to give tlie an.swer, " M.arry them to our boys." In a baibar- ons stiite of life this might do ; but , in civilized lite tliere .are various consuleia- tions which requiie to be weighed, fox- such maiTying of them to our boys might only increase the existing evils. Marriage im plies sever.al duties on the part of the woman, and sad is the prospect of our married boys if the girls .axe being trained in such a wa)' as gives little liojie that those duties will be performed. Our article has been suggested by two, things. Hundreds of pci-sons made applD cations at the barracks last week for female immigrants to be domestic servants ; but none were to be had. Then every morning, any day of the week, hundi-e.'!s of girls are seen hurrying on their way to their " xxlaces of business," some to the sewing rooms of our lai'ge drapery establishments, some to the large rooms of cex-tain tailors' warehouses, where hnndx-eds of machines are going in vest, trowsers, and coat manu facturing; some to the minierous boot closing places in the city ; and some hundreds to the tobacco manufactories which exist amongst, us. These two facts suggest many questions which it is not veiy easy to answer. One question is. Is it well tliat the gixds of our people avho requii'e to woi'k for their maintenance should so distinctly avoid domestic service, and leave that branch of service to Ix-ish immigrants, for the most jiart Romanists, which has caused in the community so much ixrosixerity to ' the church " on the one hand, and so much dissatisfaction and annoyance among families on the other? Another question is. Are the giils of onr working people being rightly trained in tailoring, shoe making, aixd tobacco manufactox'ing places for the duties expected of them as wives and mothex's and tx-jxinex's of families in the State ? And another question is. What is the reason that the thousands of girls which are being turned oixt from our vax-ious schools annually go off to those occupations of aix outside character rather than turn to that service which is connected avith home ? We take the last question flrst, and our aixsAver is, not only that in the semi-xnale services refei-rcd to of tailoring, ffiioe closing, and tobacco folding, better wages ax'e given ; not only that, more outgoing, show, and street avalking are possible ; not only that, better dress, and more company are possible ; but because there is an over- edueating of the girls in the schools, which gives them a taste for what are thought to be lady or genteel occupations, and avliich gives them a dislike for household avox'k. It is the ackixowledKcment of thousaxxds of the parents who send their children to the primaxy schools that they caix scax-cely get their girls to do a hand's turix of domestic work. They dislike washing, and scrub bing, and baking, and ironing. They would fax rather 'take theix cx'ochet-needle, or their pencil for dx-awing, or theix tine wool for exlxibition pictures, or pxactice a little on the piano ! And, then when these gixds grow up, thus educated, as they must do something to sui>port themselves on leaving school, what can they do ? Will they think of going out to domestic sex- vice ? Will they not x-ather think of something oixtside the house — the tailoring establishment, the boot closing manufactory, or the tobacco folding room, whex-e they will get such wages as will keep xxp their style, and then after houxs will allow of walking and pleasuring overixight ? It needs only that those thousands of girls which ax'e to be seen evexy mox'xiing of the week jnishing to theix " busincsse.s," which pay them 12, 15, 20, 2.5, and 30 shillings a week, shoukl be lookea at, ana tncxx style remarked, to be convinced that they have not been educated for domestic wox-k. Our answer to the second question is, that those over-educiited, fine ladied gix'ls, whose dislike for domestic work drives them out to be tailoresses, boot closex-s, axxd tobacco folders, are being unfitted, by their education and their " business " for those higher duties which they are expected to fulfil in the State as wives and mothers. They dislike the drudgery and quietness of home work. They axe never at home. When business is over they waxxt to have " fx-esh air." When night comes, they must have relaxation. Their wages enable them to" get fine dress and stixdy the fashioxxs. They acquire, there fore a style and an oxtx- avagance wiiich are far beyond their station and px-ospects. But are gixds thus trained tit to be married, with pro.spects of happy homes, to our boys ? Are they fit to study economy with their husband's wages ? Do they know the myriad of little things which make a home clean and comfcrtable at a small expense ? The tiling is as clear as that the sun is shining at noonday, that such wives may be vexy ornamentid in a working man's hou.se, but the chances aic ten to one that they will not be very useful. Our answer to the first question is, that , a great evil is being done to the whole commmxity iix the prefex-ence which is being given to semi-male businesses for gixls over domc.stic service. Tlie girls themselves are injured ; axxd the commuxxity suffexers in the sad consequences which 'follow. It is tliought that domestic service is not respectable. But surely, on the score of" rcspectabilit', tliere is no comparison between being a tobacco folder and an in mate in the hon.se of a respectable family ? So for as the name is concerned, there is far more honor in tiie name " domestic servant" than "hoot-closer" or "tailoress ?" Our Public school and Denoininational school girls have been taught to x'egax'd domestic .service as the domain of " Ix'islx iiniiiigrants." Tliey see that "servants" are all but universally " Irish Catholics," and so they shrink from the thought of their becoming " servants." And many of the parents are much to be blamed fox- eixcouraging this false pride in their chil- dx-en, or in sacrificing their future for the sake of higher wages. Our- distinct opinion is, that " our girls"" who require to work for their own support; would do infinitely better for themselves wex-e they to abandon tailoring, tobacco folding, and boot- closing to men, and look to domestic service as their natural, and safest, .and most useful occupation. Tlie wages may be smaller, but there is less occasion for spending the wages earned. A domestic servant may get ten or twelve shillings a Aveek and board ; hut the tailor- ess Avho gets twenty shillings a Aveek without hoard is not so well off. In domestic service, in respectable families, habits will be acquired and duties will be discharged wliich Avill be of the utmost conseqixence when the servant gets a house of her own ; and, meantime. the young woman has been saved from temptations and tx-ials Avhich are better knoAvxx thau wisely described. We haa-e put in this protest against the custom Avhicli is now growing of making "our girls" anything but domestic com forts and blessings. We are certain that .their; "businesses" are an evil, whoever may profit by them. We are certain that the homes of oux- respectable citizens suid colonists axe the proper places for- most of " our girls " who requive to wox-k for their living. There is plenty of x-oonx for all the girls Avhicli Ave have in oux- colony, Oxxe-half the extx-avagance Avould be des troyed, one-half the vice Avould be hindered, were oux- girls under the roofs of mil- resnectable neonle avho ai-e i-eadv to employ them. And there cannot be a. doubt that the bare homes and comfortless families of many of' our wox-kiixg men. would never be known, if their Avives had been trained in housekeeping mthex- thaix iix driving a sewing maclxine. " Significant Caution." — The late Attorney-General, Mx-. E. Butler, was present at the laying of the found.ation- stone of the new Romish Chiu-ch, at Woollahx-a, last Sunday, and, after the ceremonial which, on the vex-y face of it, was taken fx-om tlie ceremonial of Pagan ism and not of Christianity, Dr. Vaughan assured the audience, Avhom he asked to subscx-ibe, that "proper care would be taken of the money and a proper account of receipts and disbursements would be made." Hereupon, Mr. Butler, accepting the assurance of the Archbishop and rejoicing that such a promise had been made, sub scribed £25 towards the new building. Tliis was sicnificant caution. What did — — O - it mean? It seemed to say that a new ox-dex- of things is noAv to obtain in the tempor.al and spiritual' govex-ninent of the church. Things have been lax and loose, and possibly some loopholes have been found in the tx- easux-y of the chux-ch ; but now cvex-y cx-ack is to be mended, and evei-y purse string is to be renewed, that the money may be safely applied to its proper purpose. Strange that herein the " Catholic Ohurcli of Sydney " should prove its apostolicity, and its natui-al and lineal descent from the Catholic Church of Jerusalem ! Was it not the ciise that one of the Apostles was called Judas I Was it not the case that Judas Avas a. thief ? Was it not the case that Jndas bax-e the bag ? How admixuble, thex-efore, the pi-oof of apostolical descent since the " apostolical college " is still extant in the Romish Chux-ch. There is "Peter," of coux-se, in the person of the Ax-chbishop ; but there Ls some J udas also in the person of somebody not yet named ! The proof is quite convincing ! Stbaxge Omission. — The Jesuit priest, Father Kelly, who, on the testimony of the Heraldt is a learned and eloquent lecturer, delivered an oration last Monday evening on the "great sieges of the world," for the purpose of raising money for St. Mary's Cathedral. The lecturer discoursed on the ancient and far-famed siege of Troy, the story of which he said had had' an immense influence upon the world 3 then . he came down to the siege of Orleans, in which the highly praised Joan of Ai'C dis tinguished herself to the admiration of every Catholic ; and then he ended with the siege of Antwerp. But this Jesuit scholar and historian madein his selection of "famous sieges" no mention whateverof two very important and interesting ones, that of Deny in the lecturer's own countiy, and that of Rome in 1848-9, when the present Pope made his flight as a lootman, and when a few gallant Romans from the walls of the city beat hack and kept at hay a powerful enemy until overpowered by the force of France. These were curious omissions ; for their influence on the world has been, and will be, infinitely greater than anything that will ever result from all the other sieges put together. At the siege of Deny .the future of England and Ireland Wixs practically decided. Deny had always distinguished itself ; in 1641 it had been besieged by native chieftains and their Popish hordes, but in vain ; and in 1689, when the Apprentices flew to arms, as the clergy and magistrates were coun selling submission, shut the gates and I)ade the Popish legions begone, the flame was kindled by the noble and heroic defence which the fiiitbful Protestants made, which lighted up every Protestant part and home in Ireland, and then was begun that glorious victory of Protestant- antism in Ireland Avhich came to its issue the year after at the ever memorable Boyne River. Deny struck the key note of defence and victory, but for which Ireland to-day would be without a Protestant, and probably England would be still at the feet of the Pope with a Popish sovereign on the throne. Father Kelly did not like to allude to the siege of Deny. No : it was a sore subject 3 it is not to be found in his purged history 3 at any rate, he knows it only as the " sad afiair " which gave life and vigor and union and victoiy to those horrid Orange heretics ! Ah ! all the Kellys in the world will never undo what Deny did 3 its patriotic Ai)prentices are a fine counterbalance to Joan of Arc. The other famous siege which the Jesuit Father conveniently forgot was that of Rome, when the Roman patriots voted constitutional government, when Pius fled by night to Gaeta, and when Garibaldi, Armellini, Mazzini, and Safii took in hand to defend their country against the forces of France. M. Lesseps was sent by the French Government to know before hand what was the feeling and determination of the Roman people when their Pope had fled. He reported that if the French were to enter Rome by " sheer force they would have to leave on the pavement men of the middle classes, shojikeepers, and young men of family — all those classes, in short, that defend order and society in Paris 3 roh the whole city was in aiims." Not withstanding this report the Frence sent their forces under Oudinot to bear back Pope Pius upon their bayonets 3 Oudinot commenced his assault on a Sandatf, before daybreak 3 Pius encouraged them to per petrate upon the people of Rome the most horrible sufferings by piously exclaiming, as his " blessing " on the French aims, " God has doomed them to destruction 3 the anger of God is terrible 3 no prayers can disarm Him. They have retused our mercy 3 let them fuel justice !" Here is an extract from the account of the siege — " On 22nd June, 1849, in the middle of the night the French made a desperate lattack. They showered upon the town thousands of shells and vigorously a.ssailed the works, hoping that in a sudden and general attack the Romans would yield. Ihey forgot that we were no mercenaiy sohliera, but citizens fighting for home and liberty. The tocsin was sounded from the capitol, and, in an instant, roused from her . agitated slumbers, Rome was on foot. Men and women prepared to fight. Neither wife nor mother attempted by tears or entreaties to stay her husband or son, but with a blessing and a kiss sent him forth against the enemy." This siege of Rome by the French, for the purpose of destroying a noble Republic, and restoring Pius to his throne over a people who wished for constitutional government, was the disgrace of Louis Napoleon, but it was a glory to the patriots which cannot be forgotten iMi/ess 6// a Jesuit priest', and the siege, so gallantly borne hy the Roman jieople, has been of so much consequence, as the preliminary to the final destruction of the Papal power and tlie seating of Emmanuel on the throne, -that it will be remembered as far more important in the history of the world than any one of the sieges which the Jesuit priest selected for his lecture as the " famous sieges of the world." The reason of the omission, of course, is plain. Father Kelly knew that it would not do to tell his people of the blood which Pius, the present Pope, shed to get back to Rome on the French bayonets. It would not do to let them know that the siege of Rome in '49 has been now avenged in the total abolition of the Papal power ! We are well pleased with the report of the Sydney Infirmary Committee in so far as it meets and overthrows the conclusions of the Royal Commission. Mr. M. H. Stephen has taken the facts very quietly and satisfactorily to pieces, and shown conclusively that the Committee has been abused and slandered in many respects, when there was really no ground on which to rest the charges. The lady superintend ent's evidence is thoroughly exposed. In giving it she evidently felt that the chair man was her counsel. But the counsel that has come after has given her state ments an exposure which will fully bear out all that we have said of this expensive sham. The truth is that the Royal Com mission, so far as the Infirmary is con cerned, has proved a mistake 3 and its rash conclusions, as against the committee, will recoil upon itself and upon that clever Superioress whose capacity is far greater in managing gentlemen who can give lier influence than in managing patients and nurses in the Sydney Infirmary. We are perfectly satisfied that the Sydney Infirmary was better managed in the days of INIrs. Ghost than it is now, with all the grand show of ladies and Nightingale wing. Some lovers of " Society and Social Station " like artistic things and well sounding names 3 they ai-e pleased with rattles and fine specula tions 3 they like to see caps and aprons and uniform dresses as admirable proofs that the Institution is well managed 3 but the poor patients are left to be made the food of bugs. And whose duty is it to see that the beds are clean ? that the walls are clean ? that the mattresses are examined 1 Mrs. Ghost gave the answer by seeing the need and reporting it to the Committee 3 but why should a lady be expected to do this 1 Surely, it is more becoming that she should be visiting her friends or receiving thorn in the Nightingale wing ! Mir. Walteh Cooper, M.L. A., was well .served at the Infirmary meeting last Tuesday night. His insignificance, not withstanding his envied letters, M.L.A., was literally snuffed out. This great man — This Royal Commission reporter at so much per day — was compelled to admit that his patriotism, charity, love of the sick, and sujrport of the benevolent institu tions of the colony did not amount to one guinea per year! He has been a long time in the city, as a reporter in the Herald — he . has been a great writer of theatricals — he has been a great political squib writer, and huckster on political committees, paid well for his work, and when not paid sueing for his money in the Court 3 in short, he has been a great patriot, overflowing with zeal for the sal vation of the country 3 so much so, that, recently, he has thrown aside all selfish considerations of pelf and place, and made himself a sacrifice on the altar of his country — "entering the House to teach the senators there wisdom 3" but all the while, as the secret has come out, his greatness did not amount to one guinea a year! Yet, the insignificant legislator woukl go to a meeting of the subscribers to the Infirmary, presuming that every body would notice on his back or forehead the mighty magic letters — M.L.A. ! But nobody did. As he ro.se to speak, and began, " Mr. Chairman, I " — everyone said, " Who is I V When it ' was answered, " Mr. Cooper, M.L.A.," he was requested to sit down, " because he was not subscriber." " But," said the great M.L.A., evidently rising to the great occasion, " I am an officer of the Royal Commission, and I think I have a right to defend the ieport !" Thus all at once he was shorn of "M.L. A.," and he asked to defend the report of the Commission because he is a paid officer of the Com mission ! The request was characteristic 3 and it was x-ightly dealt with. He was told that if his interest in the Infirmary had amounted to the gioimj of one guinea per year and not to the rece'mng of some guineas a day (or something like that, while the commission sits) he would be permitted to speak 3 but as his giving interest in the Institution was nil, he must be content with the interesting ceremony of jjocketing the money ! Such is a specimen of the great patriots who flock to the House. If the free selectors in the country will remember this man's slanders they will as effectually extinguish him before the country as the Infirmary suhscribei's extinguished him before the city. We will help to do this when the time comes. The confirmed report of the death of Dr. Livingstone will carry soiTow and regi'et wherever the English language is spoken, and even to people of strange speech.- The name of the renowned traveller has been for yeara a household word Avherever the Press has spread the knowledge of his wonderful achievements. His name will not be allowed to die. His memorial will be more enduring than one of mai'ble and brass. His travels have opened up a part of the world which was known only on the map as a vast country whei'e slii\'ery was fed. But, beyond the value of his contributions to science, his travels and labours have a worth which cannot be reckoned. He carried the gloiy and credit of the English name tlu-oiigh the vast country and among the many tribes which he visited. The moral worth of such a representative man, known as " the Englishman," is more than that of thousands of armies and navies, among savage and foreign' peoples. The English nation is sadly misrepresented in many places by the worthless, godless, covetous, and irreligious men who wear its colours ; and half-civilized tribes judge of the nation by its representative men 3 but Dr. Livingstone, as the representative man among peoples whose existence was never known before, was of immense- coiise- queuce 3 for it is certain that the honor of the flag was never imperilled bj him. But, beyond the upright traveller, the kind Englishman, the friend of the natives, Dr. Livingstone xaeA-er forgot that he Avas the messenger of Christ — the missionary of the cross — and his life Avas the example of the doctrine Avhich he taught. We are certain that both the honor of our nation and the glory of the truth of the Gospel of Jesus have been nobly upborne by the departed traveller. He has been a Avorthy pioneer of labourers Avho Avill doubtless folloAv after him. !May those avIio . enter into the field which he so devotedly cared for be animated by the same pure and godly spirit. "The progress of the English elections, as reported by the telegrams, plainly indicates that Mr. Gladstone has lost the faA'our of the peojrle. Some admirers will regret this fall of the Premier Avho has stood so high and held poAver so long 3 but the case only illustrates the common truth, that " honesty is th6 best policy." Mr. Gladstone has cast aAvay his chance and his glory by trimming and shuffling for the support of Romanists. He has thought to make himself a conciliator and a Reformer by bargaining Avith Cullen in Ireland and Manning in England 3 but he has failed 3 for all his Avorks, Avhich luwe been so many concessions, have been for gotten and passed by because he Avould not or could not give them all their demands. The English people have been quietly looking on — grumbling but bear ing 3 they liaA'-e seen the Minister selling their country and its institutions to a foreign faction Avhich c.ires for nothing but self-aggrandisement; they have seen that the price has bceir his own lengthened poAver : they liaA'e seen that the result has been the growing insolence of a priesthood Avhich aims at the destruction of all Pro testant English liberty 3 but now, as they haAe a chance to say their say, and to interpret their meaning in constitutional action, they have told the Minister that they value their country and the institu tions of the country far more than the honor of the man Avho has so shamefully been betraying them. We hojie our colonial )olitictaus Avill " take a note of it." So long as the heart of the people is right — so long as a " standard " i.s lifted up for the people— the faithless Minister, Avho tampei-s Avith the enemy Avho hails from Rome, Avill at last be found out. The Romisli Church is cA'er on the Avatch for power 3 she knows the strength and Aveak- ness of parties 3 she changes as a chamelon, to suit her circumstances 3 the faithless Premier may gain his point for a little time 3 but Rs certain as God is the author of truth, his proAudence Avill bring that Premier to shame. Our contemporary. Freeman, has jn-c- served .tlie most perfect silence respecting the rnany charges and statcuients aVIucIi Ave lia-vc recently made Avith reference to the comiiig and sayings of Dr. Vaughan as the: new temporal . and spiritual goAernor of the Roniahists'of the colony." We haA'e giA'en the public the oath of fealty which the Archbishop swore to ther Pope, Avhen he " attained his dignity ; but Freeman has not taken the slightest notice of the oath. We have pointed out that in. that oath Dr. Vaughan promised solemnly to the Pope to "per-secute and fight against heretics and schismatics 3" but Freeman h.as not dared to explain or defend the promise. We have shown that the Archbishop is SAvorn to maintain arid defend the " royalties of St. Peter," or the sovereign and universal power and authority of the Pope as above all kings and queens, and as the sovereign lord and ruler of the Avorld 3 but Freeman has not denied nor admitted the charge. We have pointed out that Dr. Vaughan's boast that he is a " Catholic first and an Englishman next," is simply an avowal that he has » higher allegiance, to the Pope than to the Queen, and that wheneA'er the " woi'd of the Pope, Avhich is a command of God," comes into conflict Avith the law or Government of the Queen, he will disown the Queen and say " Romanus Sum 3" but Freeman has not dared to argue the point. We have given the public a specimen of Dr. Vaughan'sy;re«c7«H(/./w/H, « tort which is neither in the Catholic iwr Protestant Bible 3 but Freeman has not attempted to explain the mystery. We expected that the charge would be replied to by a refer ence to the Missal 3 but Freenmn knew quite well that this would give us a splendid opportunity to show the Catholic people that the Missal and the Catholic Bible are in direct conflict, and, of coui-se, this Avould never do ; so Freeman chose the wiser pait of saying not a word. We, have given the public a second specimen of Dr. Vaughan's preaching, and have shown that while the text Avas in the Bible tlie sermon Avas utterly alien to the text, and a mere Popish har'uugne Avith a lie in front 3 for the fixing of a text from the Bible to a sermon Avhich had no con nexion with the text, Avas nothing better than a deliberate deceit, which the non- roaAlmg and non-thinking people Avonltl never discover ! Freeman said not a Avord respecting this neAv chai-ge 3 for, of counse, this Avould be an admission of tlie right of " private judgment," on the part of the people, in the inter2>7'etatio7z of Scripture ; so that " the least said Avould be the soonest mended," and F/'ee77ia7i therefore avoided the danger by perfect silence. We under stand that Freeman Avislies his jreople to judge of this policy of silence in this way : — "We will not acknoAv ledge the Staiulard. We will not name the paper- — the rag. We will not tell bur people that such a. paper is «6imVtr/ the church. We do not think it worthy of a reply. It would bo dangerous to quote its charges and attemjit to reply to them, becaxise the people would thereby be constituted judges, a7id it is not the pa 7't of th e people to judge, hut si77iplg to obey," E.xactly. We pass by the honor of being noticed by Freeman ! We ai-e not covetous of the favour j although we Avill yet compel the high- minded Free77M7i to come doAvn from his elevation 3 but Ave Avish to explain to the people that there is a far more reasonable vicAv of this policy of silence. Freemare dare not reply. He cannot deny our statements and reasonings. He dare not risk a public discussion of the points raised. He knoAvs that there is danger in light. The plan of asserting authorita tively — of simply oracularly commanding and delivering — is far safer, for a Catho lic paper, than the plan of asking the people to think and judge. This Avould really be " public education " in the very teeth of that " denominational education " Avhich the church is so anxious to establish and secure. It Avould be "Protestant; priA'ilege and liberty " in the very face of that Romish "obedience to superiors" Avhich cannot ask a or Avait for a. a reason. Above all things, therefore, this must be aA'oided 3 and so Freeman Avhile telling his people that the Stamlard is not Avorth noticing because it " abuses the church," knoAvs quite Avell that there is the true reason kept back from the public, viz., that " to reply to the Sta7ulard Avould simply send the people to read the Stu7ida7'd, and this Avould do infinitely more harm than good to the church." The policy is seen through, however, by many of the Roman Catholic people. Many of them are beginning to feel that as Fi'ee7na7i does not reply to our statements and reasons, he cannot do so. Some of them are beginning to feel that; the " Church really has things in it which cannot be defended." We have recently met Romanists Avho have begun to say Avith " bated breath " that they " doiif; believe certain things Avhich are held by the church." One recently said -to us that she never Avould believe in transubstantia- tion ! Another Sfxid to us that he repudi ated the dogma of infallibility! AmiVt- third affirmed that the church needctL refonuation ! Truly a movement is now advancing wliicli may well make Freeman and all sueli opisli priestly luingei-s-on treble I jNewcastle and Armidale have dis tinguished themselves. The latter- has re- '«lect iSliv jolm. Moore, the leading Oriangeman of the town, as Mayor, Mr. Mooi'e has shown to the people of .that . town and district that an Orangeman hates his Catholic brethren," "raises up ill wiU," "sets sect against sect," and " wades rip to his knees in Papist blood." In consequence of all tliis he is so highly . respected in the whole district that the . people and Council combine to give him then- highest honours ! Of course Mr. Moore ivill not contribute to Popish chapels ; he will not purchase lottery tickets at Popish bazaai-s ; he will not go cut in Mayoral dignity to welcome Popish bishops ; in a word, as a good Orangeman, Mr. Moore will not be guilty of the mean- ncOT and unprincipledness .of supporting a religion against which he protests ; but yet, for all that, he will, Av.e are ijei-fectty sure,, so fairly and frankly gh'e every Papist in the district what help he may need, and civil resjiect he may be entitled to, without knowing any ieligion in such mattere. In fact, it is only the honorable and intelligent man wiio will act thus, and the man who will act thus deserves the Te-spectand sujiport of Roman Catholics rather than the miserable trimmers who profess to make all religions alike by really Iiaving none. Newcastle has also told the woxid that an Orangeman wiio succeeds by eating up Roman Catholic brethren, or by cutting their heads off, is the best man to represent it in the City Council. A Romanist, who is a publican, oiqiosed Mr. Hannell, a good brother ; and, in favor of the Romanist, all the influences which are Imoivn so well were brought to bear upon .secuiihg his election. The priest, of course, played his pai-t, and heaven and, earth ivere moved that the Romish candidate might succeed. We do not know how many souls were eased in purgatory, and taken out on the occasion ; but Ave , ai-e informed that many indulgences and abso-: lutions must ha,ve been mixed up Avith the afiait, for every Romanist acted as upon a. plan and for a reward ; but the designing was in vain ; for those terrible felloAVS, the Orangemen, put forth their iWAver and the right man was put in the place. We, are quite sure that the interests of the Roman ists are far safer in the bonds : of an Orangeman than those of Oi-angeinen or; Protestants or ordinaiy public Avoidd be in -iihe hands of a nominee of the j)i"iest. soikue and LnOTUP.-e xext ' weelv;by' reference to our advcitsemeuts it. will be seen ' that the members of No. 5S Loyal Orange, Lodge: holding a tea-meeting and , concert in, the Temperance Hall, on ne.xt Tuesday evening. As the programme is large and diversified the soiree is likely to be a success. := In tlieisame- liall, but on Thursday evening, tlie EeA-;' H. Macready Avill deliver a lecture, on .the . "Siege; ®f Deny and the British Eevdlutibu, " , A siibj ect , of such interest and importance' ought' to driiAV a large audience, irrespective - of ' the "sniall' . -idmission fee (fid). Tickets ;; for . both : entertainments may be had at, tliis; office. , : i He. Vaughan's Ceuemonial.— -The ' neaa-, titular lias been laying the first storid of a sniall chui-cli at 'WooUahra. Sunday Avas: the day' «ho3en— the plastering, the hoistmg, and: the croAvds involving no " seryiloment; " The E.omisli Chm-cli makes a great deal, of that aa'prd. "'scivile." She first corns the Avord and puts ' it into the cpmmaiulment-for the latter says' 'no. nuvmier pf.Avork;f' hut having coined the' , w-oiaI,-" servile," she made, her use , of it, j ; Ai juan may. usn, or snooc game, prciance, or toast, ' "or fiddle on the Lord's- day' bed.'inse ' ivph'e' of tiiese things are "servile;" - Neither AVas that' grand banquet at Goulbxxm on i at , Avhiolxthe Eight Eev. Prelate presiding .called , f jUiofe tlxah oiice or twice fqr "floAviiig buxiipefs j 'to flriiilv, toasts. Epr Ave knoAV 'it Avpiild be. i .sacrilege to have tasted even' a drop of -Avatoi'i or ; a single ci'umb of bread before the receptioir of ! Hie Holy Host, Ai'ere it even one seeoud after j the preA-ions midnight ; but one halfdxdxir o/to". j -rkhe receiving of it rich viands and " brimming ibnmperis of Ai'iiic Ixecanxc Sabbatlr saiiciitiec.' So ' wiio can find fault Avitlx the laying .btxthe stone : -nn that day ? Tlxcy had already heard, mass " — cvei-ything after that Avas aUowable... If tlie . ' iiBishops after High 'Mass and the coiisecf .atibii', of > I - -Hishops onWlxitsundaymight legitfanately "Avct I . 'their, AX'histle" Ayith Avine, .Avhy,.shouhLJix6t;,the; j , Archbishop after ordinary Mass , pxi'.aii ordinaiy ; I .iSiniday AVct the stone Ax-;i"th holy water ,? .'Holy,,, " we'aSsure our readers it certainly Avas : .iis'lidiy, / '.sas euoi'cism could make it — so Avas the ixxo'x'tar, .sowais the salt — for over each of thexxi had been .Baxd- with the usual reixxbval axid; replacixxg ;of the mi tre, iuid the due shaping of cx'osses Avitlx -!the iiixgers, tlxat Avonderfuiqu'ayer having poAver "to drivP seven devils out of the creatures— :'' I .lexpteiae tlxee crcatui-es of Av.ater (or of salt, or of pxiiortar) tflat thou maycst be conjxxred.AV.'l.texvto put to flight iill the poAver of the ex'xexxiy, and "ihat you may have ixoAver to eradicate axxd ibauish' ithe enemy himself Avith 'his aybstate -Tjaugolp or again I exorcise you iCOKitiire.of .«MtpT-Iiat you may become conjured salt for tlie .isalvatioi'i «f believers, and that j'pu may he to sxll Avlio take you health of soul and bbdyj and tlxat from that place in which you are sprinkled All yhautxtsyv .and' irickeduess, and wiles flf devilish fravA and every foul 82)ii'it ma3-. fly. If the aait ami the ivater each becomes so > lioly, what devil could withstand the mixture aa'hich iinmeiliately folloAVs ? And aa"heu this is .again mixed Arith mortar, surely the cement is of triixle magic. We do not knoAV that some of our Protestant friends quite apixi-eciated all that Avent on. What chiefly iminessed, them Avas the extraordinary frequcnoj'- Arith Avhich the robes Avere chiuiged, and especially the sudden movements of the mitre on and oit' the Bishoix's head. It seemed never to remain on or off more than a minute. No Parsons, No Priest.s. — Wc are glad that the Eandwick Committee have elected a House Committee for that institution on Avhich neither parson lior priest Avill he found. This is exactly in accordance Avith what Ave have advised and recommended. Not but that Ave., think that clergymen are sometimes as useful members on such boards as most laymen, yet as priests make it jxJiri of their iluti/ to attend such boards for tlxo good of the Church, and overbear aud influence for the advantage - of the Olxuroh, there is no other Avay of getting rid of the latter than by voting that the former shbnld retire also. Protestant ministers , really do not Avish to sit on such boards. They have con sented to sit more as a counterbalance than as iuxything else ; so the resolution of the Eand- Avick Committee Avill he Avell pleasing to them ; but the priests Avill feel that ithey have lost their occupation. Let them at least understand that the motion Avhich has been carried is one of the suggestions of the "bigoted Orangemen, "that EandAVxck and all other chai'itablc institutions of the colony may serve some higher xuxrjxose than suixporting the Eonxish Ghnreh. 