I IHIltD SYNOD OF THE CHURCH OF ENG-! LAND IN THE DIOCESE OF SYDNEY. I , FiRST BESSEN. ' 1 THIRD DAY-The PRESIDENT took the chair at half-past 1 3 o'clock yesterday. I Prayers having been said, the minutes of the last meeting i | were read by the clerical secretary (Rev. W, Lumsdaine) ! una confirmed. QUESTIONS. Rev. R. S. WILLIS asked,-" What are the names of the parishes which have not given any offertory collections] whatever to the Church Society since last Easter ?" The PliKbiniNi answered The Secretary has returned ten parishes, but I do not think it desirable to mention them publicly. (Hear, hear.) I shall be happy to hand a the papers to the Rev. Mr Willis if he desires to see them. Mr. CuiusToi'iiPU ROLLESTON- asked "Why the original Parochial Register of Births belonging to the parish of St Stephen's, Newtown, has not been restored to the parish, in accordance with the unanimously adopted a resolution of the Synod, on the 24th November, 1871. The CHANCELLOR (Mr. A. Gordon) answered : " It has ( not been proved that the register referred to in the question is does belong to the parish of St. Stephen's, Newtown. Prima facie, the registers of parishes are public property, over which Mr. James has a sort of control for the purpose of securing a claim for compensation which he has made. 2 That light of compensation has been assigned by Mr., James to one or more persons, and the Bishop has become bond to recognise the rights of those assignees, and is also i bound to protect the rights of the public. It is possible that exceptional cases may exist (such as those mentioned in the resolution referred to in the question), j but it has not been shown that the register of births in quired about is one of such cases. An answer matter to the present was given in December, 1870, to a like application made by the parish of Stephens but from that time to the present no further or better information in support of the claim has been afforded. ' ' ? The Rev.' J. R. BLosiriEL» asked,-" Whether it is j , the intention of your lordship to mention the insertion of suffrages in the Litany for the Governor and Parliament, instead of the prayers now in use r" The PfiEBiriEXT replied: I have been in consultation! with the Bishops of the province, and it is my intention to obtain their sanction to the insertion of these suffrages. I ¡ , may mention that the last form of prayer for the Governor,, printed by Mr. Cook, is not ordinarily used and I express is the wish of one who filled the office of Governor for the time being, when I say that it is my desire that the clergy would adhere to that lovely, The deviation is in the use of the word " excellency," Sir Alfred Stephen said that this term, when he first heard it applied to himself, fell upon his car very grating under the peculiar circumstances, and it was with shrinking that he heard it. He craved that it might not be used and I had only to refer to the last form of prayer, sanctioned in the times Lord Belmore, to show that I held directed the clergy to omit the term. The Dean or SYDNEY desired to explain that he had always used the form authorised by the President's predecessor in the diocese; and hence" it arose that be had been in this respect on offender in the Cathedral, , " , the Rev. J. R. BLOMFIELD asked,-" Whether your lordship intends after the precedent of the Mother Church in England, to sanction a division of the services ?" . The PRESIDENT replied, I, am not aware that any decision has been sanctioned by the Mother Church. There is an Act the subject of shortening the services, the (provisions of which have been explained, and I think are well known to the Synod. Some of the churches in the uidtEJöIdf Wc^èTaitërf_a)'c(commencvd^fhe,aivî8lohIOf thin VefVicW/ns aVTxperim?r!C 'I do noYWolc ItSvltBin my ' power to sanction any shortening of the services, except. w ith the provisions of the Shi evening Act. I ; , PANEL pi mains. , j i IJbe Rev. EDWARD ROGERS moved,-" That the panel I of triers under the Tribunal Ordinance of 1868 be appointed a at follows The Rev. Canon Vidal, O'Reilly, R. L. King H. S. King, the Revs. Edward Rogers, T. C Ewing, George King, H.' A. Palmer, C. F. Garnsey, S., Mitchell, W. J. Gunther. Thomas Hayden, Messrs. W. Barker R. Jones, C. RtlWon, M. Metcalfe, A. Stuart,' the Hon. J. G. L. Innes, Messrs. W. J. Foster, S. A. Stephen n,' H.' Lumsdaine, G. T. Clarke, Edward Knox. j The Rev W. LUMSDAINE seconded. ; Tl'cPiusiDEM- desired to substitute the Hon. Joseph Dockirfoi Mr. G. H. Deffell, I'D the latter was to become the Chancellor of the diocese, and, therefore, a member, ex office. The alteration was consented to. j Rev. Canon H. S. KING being of opinion that the Synod, in passing this Ordinance, had exceeded its powers withdrew his name., , t Rev. Mr. BLOMI FUND deprecated the practice of appointing the same gentlemen year after year. He moved that the panel be elected by ballot. After some discussion, the rev. gentleman withdrew his motion. The PRESIDENT, in putting the question, expressed a hope that for the future this panel would be elected by ballot, if the present method was so objectionable as some members of the Synod appeared to think The motion as amended was then carried. REI'REfiENTATIV ES IN PROVINCIAL SYNOD. , Mr. T. J. JAeuiR moved, That eight clerical and eight lay members of the Synod be elected to represent the division Sydney in the Provincial Synod! of the Church; of England within the colony of New South Wales. That the following members be elected for that purpose, viz ;-' Clerical The Very Rev. W. M Cowper, M.A., Dean of Sydney; the Revs. Canon Vidal, B.Y.; Canon Stephen M A Canon H. S. King?, M.A. ; Revs. W. J. Gunther,! M A.; E Rogers, H. A. Palmer, and G. F. Garnsey. Luya Messrs. George H. Deffell, W. Barker. Alexander Stuart ' W. J. Foster, Richard Jones, W. H. Wilkinson, Edward Knox, and Shepherd Smith." , j The DEAN seconded the resolution. Rev. Mr, BLOMFIELD may 1, "That the represents-' lives should be elect i by ballot." A ballot was accordingly taken, which retired!',! in the election of all the gentlemen whose names were proposed in the motion brought forward by Mr. Jaques. MINISTERING BY PERSONS UNORDAINED. Rev. G. N. WOODD movd,-"Thatforanymrn tender-. ister in the < congregation, except he has no episcopal' ordination by public prayer with imposition of hands, is plainly repugnant to the Articles of Religion, the forms or ordination, and the discipline of the Church of England to the discipline of the Primitive Church; and to the express declarations of Holy Scripture; and is a practice which in the opinion of this Synod ought to be discord Imucd." He contended that m'niBtering by persons not; duly ordained was clearly contrary to the Articles of, Religion, and the canons and principles of the Church of England from the earliest times. I Rev. Canon VIDAL, seconded. The DEAN of SYDNEY referred to the article of the Church which referred to the authorisation of men laws fully called and sent, but did not say a word about Episcopal' Ordination. If the Bishop lawfully authorised a layman to' officiated ft certain extent, and within certain limits of a congregation, the article would apply. He believed the, history of the Church would bear him out in affirming, that many persons presbyterially ordain I had been allowed a to officiate as ministers; as also same ordained in foreign ' countries. ' Rev. H. A. PALMER objected to the motion, bccauBohej did not think this the proper time to bring it forward. It! I would appear that the Rev. Mr. "Woodd had heard of some I case of the regular rule being infringed, and therefore bought forward the motion with viewed manifesting | his disapprobation. He moved the previous question. I Rev. W. LUMSDAINE seconded. The PRESIDENT thanked Mr. Woods for the calm and, temperate manner in which he had discussed the question and no doubt he was correct in the general line of his argument. But the requirements of the Church had cut-' down the narrow limits in which its working had originally) been placed. The Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of Ely frequently sanctioned laymen, by the imposition of hands and prayer, to render certain offices of' the Church. He could see nothing wrong in giving a layman a document authorising him to officiate, under certain! i circumstances and such documents he was in the habit of' giving, and should continue to give. (Applause.) l The Rev. Canon VIDAL reminded the Bishop that, in the ordination service, he pronounced the solemn words,- , "Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whosoever sins ye forgive, they are forgiven; whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained." It did not appear to him consistant with this 'hat an ordained person should minister side by side with a clergyman. In these days of infidelity it and appear! important to him that they should hold fast to thoeldprin . epics of the Church. i Mr. W.FOSTER thought the resolution ought to be nega-' lived in its entirety, and not shelved by the substitution of he previous question 's' Rev. W. LUMSDAINE thought that if the argument of, Canon Vidal were pursued to its legitimate issue, it might and by the introduction of auricular confession into the Church of England. It was not in the r, award of any clergy- man to forgive sure that power was with God alone. Canon VIDAL protested against any such views as those suggested being imputed to him. The CHANCELLOR should vote for having the original question put as he intended to vote against it Rev. J. C. CORLETTE felt that the responsibility, what-' ever its weight, rested with the Bishop of the diocese ; and he did not think they were call-, upon to give on opinion orders invited thereto by the Bishop. He should therefore vote for the previous question. Dr. JENKINS pointed out the advantage of the services which laymen were allowed to officiate at in the country' districts, on stations and elsewhere, where otherwise there is ould f i sequently be no service at all The Rev. J. R. BLOMUELD mentioned that, at the 'in stance of Canon Vidal, he had, at the age of eighteen,' commenced a series of Sunday services to his father's worked men on the station. In after life his own church would frequently during his unavoidable absences have had no] services performed at all had it not been for lay re1 ders. I f I the clergy had not other assistance,' they would faint under] their labours. They would require curates, or otherwise some other persons must be employed. Mr. R. HILLS said that many gentlemen would, if the! right hand of fellowship were hold out to them by the clergy, be of immense service in their parishes. He saw around him day, after day men who would be useful and willing helpers in the Church, but they did not know how to go about it. Not merely in the country, but in the city churches, on immense deal of good might be done. Thou were hundreds of people wandering about the streets who never heard of religion. Rev. Mr. BARNIER considered that the words of the resolution carried their own condemnation with them. He could not sit by and hear that the assistance of laymen in the congregation ought to be discontinued. If the argu- ments of the mover were, as he believed, them to be false, j he should still invoke the blessing of God upon the lay i workmen in the Church of England for the immense ¡ amount of good they had done. He thought they would separate themselves from the great body of the Catholic Church if this resolution were affirmed. The voice of! humanity would cry out against it. He blessed God that he had had the assistance of laymen in his parish. The right to preach and to teach did not emanate from open- ' copal ordination alone; there was the ordination of the Holy Ghost. Rev. Mr. WOOD replied. The Synod, upon the previous question being submit 1, decided that the original resolution should be put. It was so put and negatived by a large majority. CELEBRATION OF THE HOLY COMMUNION. ¡ Rev. G. N. WOODD moved,-" That, at the celebra- tion of the Holy Communion, at is the opinion of this Synod, I the minister ought to repeat to every communicant sop ill rately all the words that are appointed to be said when he delivers the bread and wine into the hands of the commu- vacant." ' i % ' I , Rev. Mr. PRIDDLE seconded. . ' Commander SADLEIR did not think this was a matter with which the Synod was concerned. The CHANCELLOR concurred in the views of Captain | Sadleir, and moved the previous question. The Synod declined to entertain the Rev. Mr. Wood's motion, . ' ' I ADDRESS TO MB.IOOHDON. The Dean of SIDNEY brought up the report of the Committee appointed to prepare a valedictory address to Mr. Alexander Gordon, the Chancellor of the Diocese, on his approaching departure for England. The DEAN read, the draft address to the Synod. He moved,-" The draft' address be adopted by the Synod." ¡ lillie Rev. H. A. PALMER seconded the motion, and the address was adopted. I , ORDINANCE 1911 ELECTION Of llISUOI'S. Mr Din ELL, pursuant to notice, moved the soil and a leading of an ordinance to continue an ordinance to provide for the election of Bishops in the diocese of Sydney. In a moving the second reading of this measure, Mr. Duffell pointed out that it was expedient to extend the effect of the ordinance until lately in force, as there would not be time this session to give it that full consideration which a ! matter of such grave importance required. t The Rev. H.A. PALMER could not see why the measure I should be only a temporary measure, and thought it would be well to make it permanent. The CHAKLBLLOK (Mr. A., Gordon) explained the grounds on which was supposed by the Standing Com-! mittee that the best mode of proceeding respecting this matter would be to leave the general question still open for discussion of this new Synod, The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read a second time. .' i , I I I ' 1 Synod went into committee on the bill, Mr. Alexander, Stuart acting as chairman, The two clauses of the measure were, then agreed to, and reported to the HOUSe without an commented ' ' On the motion of Mr. BEFEL, the report was received and the motion for its adoption was made an order of the day for the following day, Friday. ~ '* ' DRAFT CHURCH DEED. '"' ' . '' The Synod went into committee for the further consideration of the Draft Church Deed as printed; Mr. Alexander Stuart acting as chairman.. The consideration of the appendix C and three first I clauses of the Khedrdo being postponed, I clause 4 was -. . / or!?;- " ".; if" -on, the.,. .-,-.)'. PI ,, before the committee-to stand clause 2 of the bill. Annual Vestry Meeting)-" The churchwardens shall by notice given in such way as they may deem best, and stating the place and time of meeting, summon the clergy '&&rflic;ène'ef ^"ofncîtiW'iri he church,' or the clergyman! authorised, to officiate in his, place, and the trustees and' occupiers of seats in the church, whether rented or free, and being members of the Church of England) and of the age of 21 years, to meet in the vestry of the church, or in some other convenient place, on Easter Tuesday in every year, or within a week of such day, for the purpose of receiving the accounts of the churchwardens for the past year, electing churchwardens for the ensuing year, and for other business connected with the Church. And such meeting shall be called and known as " the Annual Vestry Meeting of the Church. And every person may-and if required by any person who has himself signed the declara- tion next hereinafter mention d, shall - before taking pal " or voting at such meeting or at any other meeting of occupiers of seats in the church, subscribe the following declaration :-' I the undersigned declare that I am a member of the Church of "England and an occupier of a seal in the church of-." And every person being an' occupier of a spat in the church, and not being and of to the churchwardens in respect of seat rent or otherwise on account of the church, shall be entitled to one vote the' annual vestry meeting, and at all meetings of occupiers of seats in the church. This clause had been amend by; inserting; the words "clergymen and" after the word "The" at the commencement of the clause; and also by, I striking out the words "clergyman licensed to officiate in the church, extra clergyman authorised to officiate in his place and the." ,,, s The Rev. H. A. PALMER moved that the following words be omitted "Trustees and occupiers of seats in, the Church whether rented or fro, and long." He' wished to leave out the said "trustees, c," not understanding why any trustee should be empowered to name a churchwarden at all. He proposed to take away the power of Ilustres to name a churchwarden, and also to give power, to the lay members of the Church to elect two churchwardens he proposed also to leave out the words relating to occupiers of Beate," because he thought the word "occupier"; every vogue and'indefinite'term. (Hear, hear.) What was an occupier of a sentry One that went to a Church! oc< asionally, or one who had on express right to the occupation of a particular Beat The Rev. Mr. GARNSEY seconded the motion. Ultimately the motion was so far modified as only to propose the omit sion of the je words-" trustees and." The CHANCELLOR (Mr. A. Gordon), defended the clause as it stood, arguing that it was very advisable that those persons who were made responsible for the carrying out of the trust should also elect a churchwarden. It would be a too violent alteration to exclude an important element in the current organization of the Church. The Rev. Mr. GARNSEY, in speaking to the motion, confessed that he could see no reason whatever for the assumption tion that the duties of a trustee and of a churchwarden! write, in any wise, identical. The business of trustees was' simply to hold the land for the Church and for any other purpose there was no difference between the position of a; trustee and any other member of the congregation. The Rev. Canon H. S. KING, as of point of order, ob-, veered to the line of argument taken by his rev. friend. What the Rev. Mr. Garnsey was speaking to would more' properly come before the Synod afterwards. Mr. A. STUAii'rJruled that the Rover. Garnsey was in order. The Rev. Mr. GARNSEY pressed for the omission of thcEcwordB. There was no trustees' warden" in England.] Mr. E. W. CAJintoN support the motion for striking! cut these words, believing that with such an alteration and other material modifications of the trust deed, the deed might Tornado a very serviceable measure. (Hear, hear.) He thought it very undesirable that a trustee (who might, it, seemed be of any religion) should have any voice what Ever in what might be termed the spiritualities" of the church. Mr. W. H. WILKINSON objected to the proposed omis 11 n as unfair to those who were in the position of trustees for church property, and as inexpedient in respect of future donations of land. The proposed change was one of a very sweeping character. If the amendment were sure and it would discourage donations and bequests of land to the Church. Captain H. T. Fox said it should be remembered that, only occupiers of seats were to have votes, and that if! trustees were not occupiers, they of course would not have votes. It was, therefore, immaterial whether the words trustees and" were inserted or not Rev. Canon H. S. KING was against the amendment of the clause then before the committee. After some remarks from Mr. R. CAPE and the Rev. H. A. PALMER, Mr. W. J. FOSTER said that the trustees could not be called upon to render accounts, but a churchwarden could This was, he thought, a strong argument in favour of the principle objected to by the Rev. Mr. Palmer and those gentlemen who agreed with him. Considerable inconve-' thence might result from there being two people's church-! wardens. They should remember that these trustees would be the only parties who " could be got at" in the courts of law. It was by means of similar arrangements for trustees under a trust deed in England, that the Wesleyan Church at home had been enabled for many long years to carry out; all her discipline. (Hear, hear.) He quite agrees, how-! nor, that the trustees, of the churchwardens appointed by, ii cm, ought to be members of the Church of England. The Rev. H. A. PALMER could not see why the power of a appointing a churchwarden should be looked upon as a sort of necessary correction to a trustee of Church pro party in the discharge of his many responsible duties (Laughter.) Mr C. ROLLESTON, as the trustee of a church, objected, to this proposed amendment of the clause. The Rev. T. HAMDEN should vote against the amendment. Commander SADLEIR considered that the trustees' occupied a very important; and responsible position ; end he therefore, thought they ought to have a right to direct representations at the annual vestries of the Church. The Rev. G. H. MORETON should vote for this part of the clause as it stood ; but he should oppose the proposition; that the Trustees' representative (not being a parishioner) should have any vote. Mr. S. SMITH objected altogether to the argument that it was at all necessary, or even reasonable, for trustees to. have a churchwarden. Why should non- resident trustees' \- gentlemen who were not, perhaps, in harmony with the Church affairs of parish - have any such power in that parish he could not seen , ' J 1 he CHANCELLOR (Mr. A. Gordon) defended the original! plan of this clause, and answered several of the arguments adduced in favour of Mr. Palmer's amendment. The motion moved for the omission of the words "The! trustees and " was put and negatived. 1 Mr. GEORGE KNOX, as a further amendment to the clause, moved,-" That all the words from trustees and, in the fourth line, to end at the commencement of the fifth line be omitted, and the following words added,' new holders and renters of sittings, or in case it shall have been determined as aforesaid, that all the sittings in the said church shall be free, the occupiers'' of such sittings.' " In submitting this amendment of the clause, Mr. G. Knox' argued, at a very considerable length, that the whole clause' as printed would in its effect, be altogether subversive of! those very tiUBte it was desired to secure. " Powholders "| could not be thus ousted out of their existing statutory! rights under the Church Act, Mr. S. SMITH regretted that the learned Chancellor did not enter into some defence of the trust deed on its general principles, and should like very much to hear that gentleman answer Mr. J. Knox. The CiiAîrcELtôR (Mr. Alexander Gordon) denied the assumption of Mr 6.1 Knox's argument, that there could not be any church for the Church of England in this colony ' except it were subject to all the provisions of the Church Act, , Mr. G. KNOX ; Not unless you have some, clearly ex-! prcBEtd consent from every penholder in such a church to the terms of the deed. I The CHANCELLOR (Mr. A. Gordon would like very, much to see the deed. Laughter.) He believed that his' friend's idea on the matter was an erroneous one, and shot instanced a number of church which had been built under! . -ust deeds to the trusts of the Church Act. These were all valid, although the election of the trustee to the said churches were not, and could not be, made in strict accordance with the terms of that Act. Mr. G. KNOX replied. The trust deed proposed to in- fringe on rights conferred by the 13th clause (and other clauses) of the Church Act. After some further discussion, the amendment moved by Mr. G. Knox was put and negatived by a majority of 14 to 24. The House then resumed, and the ordinance was reported with amendments. The further consideration of this ordinance was then ordered to stand an order of the day for the following day (Friday), and to take precedence of all other business. The Synod adjourned at 10.5 until to-morrow (this day), at 3.30 p.m. t , ? *" ERRATA We have been requested again to correct the account of the numbers of clerical and lay representatives at the Sydney Diocesan Synod, assembled on Tuesday last. The number of clerical members was forty-two (42), and of lay representatives ninety-two (92), making one hundred ondthiily-four (134) in all. In yesterday's Herald, the the Rev. A. W. Pain was reported to have opposed the Rev. H. A. Palmer's motion for the insertion of the words " clergymen and, in the 4th clause of the schedule of the proposed trust deed, as printed. It should have been that he stepped ted that motion. ," , 