Kadina Jottings. Last week Kadina was visited with a snowstorm. Australian sJ storm. A sure precursor snow- Snow" he had heard KO much about ' Once a year was, quite once too often for its occurrence. It was a miracle how one found his way about. Dust everywhere, daike i g Austialian darkness" as was the meat Snels Z " neH f itarxness , and those whose business ner^uits necessitated their ^howine out, liad lilenllv to fell their way. WHO SHALL REPRESENT US ' js the great topic in this ' locality : and is a question that requires thought and the exer- ei* s of good sense. We require men who r e honest in principle, pos-essedof evenly ba,a n . oed m f ds :uid abI pression when they speak. It. is all very well for men to say " We dont wantcloquent speakers; " but we do ! What is the use of a man possessed oZ good practical sense, who lacks the ability to express his thoughts. What we want is a combination of the two qualities. We have men in our midst who can lay claim to both. Then why do they not offer themselves ? Simply, because they have not the means at, tlicir command to support themselves, whilst looking after the interests of the district. " Only this, and and nothing more!" The whole matter then resolves itself into tins : We can never expect thorough representation unless we have local representatives men whose interests are identical with those of the district. How are we to secure this ? what is the remedy ? Payment, of members " is immediately suggested to my mind. J I. is perfectly absurd, to hear such an amount, of balderdash current on this subject. Arguments at once simple and childish are advanced against the to remedy t he defects in our present position. The time is drawing nigh where inen will be called upon to exercise their fran liise, and 1 should very much, like to see " Payment of members" one of the question in the Political catechism. Who then are the most fitting men for our representatives, under existing circumstances ? Let us notice a few who have been mentioned as*likely to come forward as candidates. MR. -I ADGE nuiy be an able man for aught 1 know. He has served as a Councillor in the city, and from all acc unts is admitted lo be an excellent one ; but still I cannot see Mr. Madge's claim upon the Peninsula, and am afraid that he would be subjected to a defeat, S. J. WAT ESQ Q.C., is the next and if speaking abilities and good mental acquirements arc of any weight with the electors I should be inclined to predict: for Mr. Way a successful issue did he try his fortune. J. ( !m,Tn\' Ksr» fm i-V Tv1 P ic ivnl 1 l-nnwn i™*good. THOMAS K. PATER, ESQ., although a local man is comparatively speak- i ins a stranger amongst u,/ But we confess , that we cannot discover the last chance of return. Mr. Pater is a fair speaker, and a very clever solicitor ; but does he know our requirements sufficiently to advocate them ? 1 believe that many inferior men have been honored with a seat in Parliament but Mr. Pater's connection professionally and personally would be severed at once for his elect ion would necessitate a removal to t he Metropolis. But let me see is there any other that I have not emmer;itcd 1 By the powers," yes! 1 see an illustruous name looming oei'ore mine eyes a name that has become familiar as a " household word ; Tis that of the celebrated .lolin l'ri.sk umquline plain John Prisk, whose wonderful erudi'ion and calm conscientious demeamor won for him admiration and love of Kadina. and the ex- \ proud and enviable position of Presind Secretary of the Union Ah 1 John ! i .-M-gethee fling awav ambition ; . L?«at sin feil the Anyels. presentnnves, rrli't^v f docs r not intend f ? T olreiintr i ,resen 1hnn- t . re - »elf again : but Mr. HUGHES has repudiated I the sla; -.went that "he will not contest the election < •.•nsequent upon his leaving the colony." V, e L iil this announcement with plea- (is we 'ire confident that we could not «=e< re a better man. Should those enumer- iHed come forward as candidates I predict the result as follows. H. K. Hughes Esq.., head of the poll, S. J. Way second, * and J. Colfon Esq., a good third, MUNICIPAL MATTERS. are beginning to stir. But I think it is very evident that there will be no contest for the Mayoralty ; although I believe there will be for the representation of some of the wards. On the whole I think the Council have acquitted theni-elves verv creditably in t he past, and are entitled Co the continence of the ratepayers. By the way. why should not our worthy Mayor in company with those of Moonta and Wallaroo stand for the district. THE EDUCATIONAL QUESTION has apparently been shelved by our rale payers, : nd mere's the pity. I am pleased to ! see that the oilier Towns are not. so blind to ' their interest. Education is the palladium j of ^r^morah socbd'"^id pobli^l welV'^lim! 1 Will not some of our leadimr spirit s move in the matter, and demand a poll: and if it is j granted I am consent that Kadina will not allow it-elf to be behind the other towns of . the Peninsula in this all important matter THE RAILWAY CONTRACTS are being commenced with Mr P-iHrkVe j the successful contractor for the fiM <*'ction' •; has succeeded in subletting portions of the same to local contractors UUSINKSS IMKSI'ECTH are slowly but surely improving and we arc regaining our foimer status of commercial activity and life. We are led to express this opinion consequent upon the numerous BUILDING IMPROVEMENTS that are being proceeded with in our town. It is very evident to my mind that our trades people would be mon- rchi-innt to invest the "almighty dollar" ii' they did not see some break in the dark clouds of commercial inactivity that have for so long enshrouded us. Messrs. ltosewari, and Broadbent are having their old store (which is constructed of weather boards) replaced by a commodious stone one. Mr. 1J. E. ^aitem^l-per," ^ erecting a store in Graves Street, wh^eh promises to be a very creditable affair. Mr. Francis' store (also inGraves Stre.-t) is drawing towards completion ; and Mr* R. Burden is enclosing a block of land on l.'ue Terrace. opposiu> his store, with a substantial stone wall. 'Ihew are also aiso sever«ll seveijru private pn dwell mgs in corrseof erection iijL-vari'j iijt-various pnrts of the tow- in our vicinity lias commenced in dotf r earnest, ;>nd the yield is generally satisflu; t ry, althougli in some instances it is not qi-.ite so heavy as was at first anticipated. I am sorry to have to report a SERIOUS ACCIDENT. Messrs. S. Barnett and R. .Stephens, butchers of this town, were engaged in driving a bullock to the slaughtering house, when the girths of Mr. Barnett's saddle broke, and he was precipitated to the ground with great force. Fortunately no bones were broken, but he remained insensible for some considerable time; and was conveyed home in a spring cart. Dr. Robinson attended, and we learn that under his skillful treatment Mr. Barnett will soon be able to resume his business occupation. IT IS A FACT ! is the heading of a letter in your contemporary's issue of Saturday. The facts of the case are highly amusing. The writer of the effusion has adopted as a nov, de phirne-'Walking Ghost." "Walking Ghost" forcibly reminds me of Tom Hood's description of the actor in "Hamlet's Ghost Scene." who was so corpulent that no one would ever believe him to be a ghos:. It appears that, our indefatigable town constable has given offeree to the worthy -'Ghost" bv informing him that the By-laws of the town will not allow any obstruction of the footpath, and themroo'ii the Ghost. who happened to see our vro; I Ly Mayor in the same street at ilie same time avowed bis belief that he was honored with this afficive visit at the instigation oi' the Mayor, who by the by hnppens'to be in the .same line of business. Surely ii ••Gho.-jt" 1 i> possessed of anyof the volatile qualities and invisibility of nature he boasts of, could Le not easily have ascertained whether he was right before rushing into print. THE INSTITUTE (I mean that hovel designated the Kadina Institute) has collapsed. It has been in a particularly delicate, indeed I may say c. itical state, of health for a very considerable time past. I don't know wehther the l:.t: visitation of measles has in any way hastened the crisis. 1 happened to visit it one evening not long since, in the hope of perusing some of the various periodicals. On entering I was struck with the deserted appearance of the tables, and the total adsence of either metropolitan or provincial journals. Let me see, was there anything at ail there 2 Yes, 1 remember my companion laid hold of a dilapidated number of "Punch" for 1873, and jocsely remarked "Poor Punch ! never werl thou so treated and deserted before." l! next put my head into t he room which serves as a Library, and there lay some 150 volumes in dusty confusion. What a disgrace ? Kadina, with hei instilutioiis. churches, and schools, for 1 he reclamation of the inliabiiants and the diffusion of knowledge, boast- ">:-. of her commercial wealth— without an Institute! What is to be done? 1 would advise that our young men combine; for the purpose of erecting a building at once, suitable to the requirements of the town. Were they to make an appeal to the old committee I doubt not but that they woiiId receive support and assistance. Some of our Kadina tradespeople had intend.d exhibiting at the MOONTA SHOW, but from a want of information on the sub ject. were prevented from doing so. One gentleman in particular I should like to have seen competing, with his realiv fine stock of agricultural implements. LARRIKINISM prevails to a small extent in our town. Our front entrance to the Primitive Methodist Church presented quite a scene last evening. There were some 50 of these "larrikins" blocking up the gateway, indulging in improper expressions, and dealing out profanity by wholesale; it was enough to tax the moral courage of anyone to press his way through their midst. I actually heard some vulgar remarks passed upon two ladies who were entering, so that I turned away in disgust, and was led to ask if really the questions asked by E. H. D., in his essay on "Human Degeneracy" were not true. Surely if we were to accept the scene last night as a "sign of the times," I should immediately receive the statement that we were "degenerating" as true. These larrikins have a happy knack of becoming remarkably quiet when our "special" is about, but I think if he were to disperse these mobs, it would facilitate a change for the better. The Corporation FINANCE COMMITTEE met on Wednesday last and have decided upon immediately sueing all defaulting rate-, payers. 