We wove list. . I.KAff ; JL WOlIAN OP FASHION/ By lira. Edwakdes, jUtifttot "Ought We to Visit Her," "Archie ! IcreU," Ac. CHATTER L HER FACE. The autumn night is chill, the third-floor mams of Madame Bonchretaen's hoarding i koine are tireless, bat Leah's blood rUns like • wtoe within her veins. Do rubies or sapphires ' beet relieve the waxen whiteness of her akin 1 ■ Does a coronet or a spray beat suit the grace fuloutline of her head! Engaged on such deep matters, practically solving questions of each moment before her looking-glass, what bride-elect, aspiring to fashion, bat must be above all the changes of thermometer ? Nay, Js not contempt for bodily suffering one of the very first virtues that the great Juggemant of modern times demands from her votaries and ■ children? Afeir, low forehead, suggestive of kisses rather than intellect, with subtle- coloured hair, loose coiled; lips, rich at present in youth's first sweetness, yet with lines about them that age may tender sensual, or crafty, •r both; a cheek that goes from bright to pale, from pale to bright too rapidly, ana eyes that are at once the perfection and the mystery of the face—eyes of tire curious opal . yellow that Titian has once or twice painted ior us, deep-sunken, passionate—more fitted, perhaps, for hiding emotion than for betray ing it—and curtained by lashes black as night : a nose not strictly handsome, by reason of the downward carve, indicative of race, towards the tip, and still admirably charac teristic—finely cut, expressive, and with the most transparent, delicately-sensitive nostrils in the world. Such is Leah Pascal at 29, roogh-hewn from Nature's hand, unshaped. by milliners' devices and the applauding voice of fools into a woman of fashion as yet Her figure in clines to plumpness, but in bone and struc ture the girl is slight almost frail; a weight that, any arms of average strength might carry easily. Her walk is supple; her voice mesmeric; her mind well famished through extensive novel reading, French and Eng lish; her heart inclined towards good, if good happen to comprise diamonds, liveries, ex citement, woman's envy, man's love; and if evil comprise the same—why, then, towards evil { Such, I repeat is Leah Pascal, body and soul, at 20; such the clay ready to the potter's hand. For hononr or dishonour shall this fair vessel be, fashioned ? Her story must give : the answer. She will be married next week to a husband she does not absolutely dislike, and if this hosband have the complaisance to live another twelvemonth, he will be lord ever a hundred thousand pounds. So for the chances are in her favour, for a woman of her calibre, poverty, not riches, being the reel impedimenta to virtue. The precious jewel of adversity may be all very well for the strong. Leans moral qualities will fore hestlapped in soft silks, fed on costly food from costly dishes, and decorated for the world's admiration with the finest sets of emeralds and diamonds that Messrs. Storr and Mortimer can supply. " There can be no aoubt about it—thespray 'becomes me most, Deb. Still, if coronets are 'better worn,' as the jewellers say, I suppose Ifiught to take the coronet. One dresses to outshine other people, not to amuse one self." Deb is Leah's youngest sister, a small girl «t 10 or 11, who, within locked doors, is •ccasfonaiily permitted to play audience to the . drees rehearsals of the bride-elect. She has been playing audience for more than two hours now, and her red nose and blue fingers hear evidence to the intense nature of the pleasure derived by her from the entertain ment; "Why not keep both, Leah! Yon could wear the spray when yon dress to amuse your self, and the coronet when you dress to out shine other people, and if Jack Cham beriayne is so immensely rich as everybody says, a hundred pounds worth of diamonds, more or Jes^ Could make no difference to him," . "Jack Chamberiayne fa not immensely rich yet, child. If Jack is lucky enough— if all goes welL" Leah corrects herself quickly, "he wfll be rich 32 months hence. But 12 months hence is not now." "No, indeed," says Deb,wisely. She is a very tisy, very fragile-looking chM, slightly misshapen. poor little Deb, from her birth, and with the precocity of tongue, the mourn fad olduess or face end -voice, that not un usually go with bodily deformity in children.; .-"f )mm MadameBonchr&ieii- tell; Smith only yesterday that Mr. Chamberiayne had *tm toux qui sent It sapin.' I wish I knew what that means—'un tout qui sent It •■pin.'" • "• , I •Twiah Madame Bonchr&aen; would attend tohcrownbugfoeee,"says Leah, angrily. "If Madame gave her boarders rather more meat for dinner, and at the tametime chattered " And still Iresped Madame Bonchretien," says Deh opening her grave, dark eyes, "be cause my-dear M. Danton raspbets her, and says she is good of heart. Ah, Leah, if you had only seen M. Denton sooner! He has a picture just like you in hiSphbtograph book; and once when I asked him about that pic ture he turned whife, and looked ao odd at me; however, ft is too late now f Nothing can he (hanged, of course, when people's weddii^ drei^^are ol^^-Hinly^itjto such -fteliaif f$ri, ^t^^'afeSura von have no reason to say bad firings about Jack; Look afceH the toysrintt boribofia, look at the beau KlrifodmVr^.peariturquoise, first he " VkniliikeMr. Chamberiayne, —apr, Very well, though notso loeAj, SHU—he ian't nfoe, lit Sojtaiaky, and you,can i tiflwi tmnVinp And ha j sad he dramesup like a girl, l eunh lota of-brandy and water, . .tally, not in the least I ,it wotfld iaeem, br Deb's high ._ ^,_.^>|iicfcuie of her future brottu |tiHs6,u-)t|i^aUL.1 "Jack vsnot* heanty. eertftinly. Luckily ..— — JAtixactions amusements , foraman to put mm torn hie .but better be iwfekedrf*-BeHsays,when she WPiriML / Jtisk p^ofanotel the doctors smoking, he must " Oh. bnt you may easily be foolish and wicked, too," said Deb, with her weird wisdom. "1 have heard M. -Dan ton say bo. M. Denton says there's ho wickedness cab come np to a fool's wickedness, and I atp , Bote he knows more trathabout everything than Cousin Bell." j : " Cousin Bell knows one thing," says Leah, leaning fondly over her well-stored trinket case. " She knows how to choose a bracelet!. Patting aside Jack's diamonds, of course. | Bell's bracelet will be the handsomest of all j my wedding presents." I And when you were poor Cousin Bell | never gave you anything, Leah, except onB , wretched garnet ring, do you remember, that j wanted mending, and sometimes a dress or | bonnet a little too shabby for ber own lady's ! maid! When yon were poor Bell Baltimore j could only spare you her old casLoff rubbish, | and now that yon are going to be as rich as— that I" sayB Deb, spreading both diminutive arms wide, " Bell Baltimore will spend, oh, I dare say £50, £500 on yon for a bracelet" " The way of the world." answers Leah. "Has not my godpapa, the venerable the archdeacon, sent me the most lovely church service, all silver and crosses, and white velvet! Have not his two dew daughters , (who I am sore would have cut me fix the street a month ago) subscribed a plated salver between them? Has not everybody belong ing to us given me something, even old cousin | Anastasia, in Yorkshire, who qnarrelled with papa—not because he married a Jewess, but because the Jewess failed to bring him a fortune—20 years ago ? It's a good. Christian, charitable, nncalcolating world, Debbie. Fall well on your legs as regards money, and see if every friend and relation you have will not rush forward and generously do his little best to steady you!" "And mil off- your legs as regards money, Leah? What will all your dear friends and relations do then f' " Ah, 1 have not come to that stage of ex perience yet," answers Leah. " If poor Jack . . . if anything should happen to hinder j us from coming into the Chamberlayne es-1 tates, I daresay I shall have many things to learn on the score of friends and friendship! In the meantime, I am all my bracelets, and prayer-books, and plated salvers to the good. Help me to put my fineries away. Deb —why you look green with the cold, child, and there is the tea-bell ringing! Actually it muBt be 9 o'clock. You don't feel very 1 frozen, Debbie, do you?" "Not ve-very, Leah," says the child, her teethchattering,assheletsherselfslowlydown from the high chair on which she has been perched. " I would sooner be cold with you up here, than warm downstairs with Naomi and the Fossils. And all the time you were dressing, I've been pretending to myself that we lived, yon and me together, not in a Paris pension, but a grand London house, j with carpets all over the floors, and fires in the bedrooms, and our own servants to wait on us. It makes such a difference, doesn't j it, Leah, what you pretend to yourself ?" " You will not want to pretend when I am married, Debbie. You snail pay me as many visits as you like, and have a room of your own, andalittle warn white bed, and a real theatre, with actors—oh, bo big—to play with. You will be rare and'happy then, Deb." " If we could only have it all without Jack!"says Deb, wistfully. "Oh, Leah, if j you could have the big house and the velvet prayer-books (and the theatre with actors—so big—for me), and no Jack Chamberiayne!" " If I could have the moon, Deborah! We must take the sweets and the sours together, as fate sends them to us. Depend upon it, Jack will not get much in your way, or in | mine either, by the time I have been married to him six weeks." Deb shakes her head dubiously over this: optimist virion of newly-wedded happiness, but remains silent. Chapter IL THE PROLOGUE TO HEB STOBV. Whatever economicalshortcomings Madame Boncbr^tien's boarders may be called upon by the hardness of the times to endure during iL. J i.t.« Jt : <a— Ji the day, the drawingroom after-dinner fire goes a long way towards atoning for them. Dfirirg, the nard-woiked page In buttons, the solitary faguota to ttm establishment, has madame's own commands to build np the fi, maaame's own commands to build np drawingroom grille, high s> hands can i it, immediately after the ringingof the : dinner briL And well does lD&ur;£ obey the letter of the order, not wholly without the incitement, perhaps, of occasional small bribes from the more chilly-blooded or liberal handed of the boarders. Poor dear old souls, male and female—the Fossils,as Deb'ssharp tongue has nicknamed them—to whom Madame Bonchfetien's hos pitality, at 60 francs a week, is now, in the , winter of their days, a cold equivalent for j borne ! What intrigues go on amongst them to get the snuggest place by the fire. What: feints and counter-feints to secure the easiest chair, the corner of the room that has the best reputation on the score of, draughts! Madame la Comteeee da Mira mion. by virtue of her title the 'leading! tody*, in the house, habitually leaves the tone before dessert (and in a cheap Puis penrion even four dry almonds and a Savoy Biscuit gofer something)In order that she * may take sum possession to her corner of the sofa. Major Macnamurdo and Mrj Pettingall, yearly boarders, whose united, ages amount to about 160, begin their game, OtCribbage as regularly as the clock strikes 8«vwy evening; so the too ann- chairaby thecaxd-table are looked upon as theirs hi right. Bnt for the remainder of the placed 'tus a matter of hard fighting—hard fighting in which quarter is neither given nor ex. pected. - " f, "Ihavelivednndermadame'sroof 15 years, gays old Mnu Wyncb, at once the terror am mainstay rftoe house; "I've lived no madames roof 16 years, and now, In toy age, she makes me pass my evenings on straight-backed chair. Tbatsthe way wit thewench. Pay 'em their money—I've madams ever 19,700, from first to last-. as soon as they tnlnk yoa have bled enot they care lea fOTjnu than we inBnglandr for a dog." "I accord my ladies to tone their own fiutos," madame will answer, in her voluble however. chmuaug: to dine abroad to-nighti even Mnt Wynch has secured a poritiori about the wanftth todoomfort towfcichitia exctodingly dbtonui ] ttve todwoman, graff-voicea as a man, bent , neady doiiUe wiwiyeare and infirmity. . deaf ; as A poet, hitter as gall; her dreseof black oottoh velvet and mock ermine, . liberally; jbeepinkled with snuff; heir head-dreSs 4 "DhTheMjM rffecej^irfnk^ribbons, that on a Monde head of hefe ybu are, Mfes Pascal," peeringj up cmt tf h«T-puckered old eyes at Leah's shining beauty; "been tryingon some of yofir jewels,! 1 suppose, ebr The morocco; case con taming the diamonds is still between Leah's hands. " I was 'younger than yon when I married, just turned 17, and I hadn't sale to the highest bidder as they do now.! "Love matches!" repeats Madame la Comtesse from the opposite corner of the fire. Mftdaine de Muumion is an English woman by birth, bat having spent her life oat of England she speaks her own lan* guage with an accent This is a peculiarity of the Bonchretien establishment: yon per petnaUy seem to hear had English about yon, or bad French. No one ever makes use of the tongue he can thoroughly master. " Would the dear old creature have us believe that she was married for love? Ah, this is too strong." The count* ...... was a noted beauty and toast She nas white little hands, a delicate meaningless profile, an upright gtfp of a figure, even now; and even now she arranges herself for effect, rises bom table or glances across her shoul der with an air, ana has attacks of megraine for the sole purpose of coquetting with the doctor in a becoming night-cap. Between her and Mrs. Wynch wages deadly truceless war, barely veiled by the common decencies of civilisation. Madame Bonchretien has disposed their sleeping apartments on different floors in different wings of the house. At dinnerone occupies the head, the other the foot of the table. In the drawing, room the hearthrug separates them. They have not shaken hands, they have scarcely addressed each other openly during the last five yean; and still they fight perpetually. Hang two old caged biros of the same Bex a yard distant bom each other on a wall, and yon will see very much the same kind of warfare carried on. "Love matches I Madame Bonchretien; I hope yon hear the latest news? Our dear old mend would persuade Miss Pascal that the general married her for her beaux yeux." Madame Bonchretien looks round from the table, where she is assisting her junior partner, Miss Smith, to poor oat tea. Miss Smith is a poor, meek- spirited, down-trodden Briton, who never speaks above a whisper in madame's presence, and upon whose shoulders a great deal more than half the real work of the establishment falls. " Ah, my dear Comtesse, when we arrive at her age . . . 86, 1 assure yon, I have it from her con versation. Why, the general has been dead dose on 50 years." "He did not survive the love match very long," says the Comtesse with a laugh; the hardest, cruel)est, little ghost of a metallic laugh that ever proceeded from a human throat. The rest of the company smile. Old Mrs. Wynch glares round fiercely, from face to face. " Yon seem mighty veil amused, ladies, upon my word. Don't let me lose the jest, pray. I did not quite catch Madame Bonchretien'e last remark." Bonchretien, ready in all disputes between "theseladies" to precipitate herself boldly into the breach, tons across the room, a tea cup in her hand. " Let me present you your tea, Mrs. Wynch. We laugh because we have the heart light. The good prospects of our dear Mademoi selle Leah take ub all back to our youth." "They take us a very long rime off, then," cries the old woman, with a withering look at the circle. " We are ail ancient, very ancient here. It's said of this establishment, madame—though yon won't tell me your jest, 111 tell you mine—it's said of your establishment that the undertaker's m«» calls as regular as the baker every day for orders. Why, there isn't a boarding- house in Paris as fun of mummies as this one." Bonchretien laughs with serene good humour—Bonchretien can at all times laugh, weep, condole, congratulate, express any shade or phase of tinman emotion at a second's notice. Little Deb Pascal shrieks aloud, dancing about the room with delight "The undertaker's man calls for orders. Ob, madame is it to measure the ladies and gentlemen for their coffins? Have Lord undertaker's man calls here every morning of our lives for orders." Naomi Pascal, at present fast asleep in the warmest comer of the room, is, beyond contradiction, the beauty of the family. Her cheeks are purest white and damask, her eyes luminous black, not dubious yellow like Leah's; her lips, nose, chin, all are faultless: not one irregular line mars the symmetry of the exquisite soulless face. Leah may be called singular, charming, faulty, irresistible, according to the taste of him who speaks. Every man, , every woman who looks at Naomi make use of the term a beauty. She began to hear that fatal word beauty in connexion with herself when she was about two years old. She has heard it perpetually since—from servants, relations, acquaint ances, from the vary passers-by in the street Now, at 14, her soul,- so far as Naomi Pascal may be said to possess a soul, lives, moves, ana has tin befog sustained by no other interest, quickened py so other motive, Him her own Her constitution is flawless as her face. She eats immensely, sleeps immensely—can indeed, fill up all vacant or heavy hounof existence with one or other of these employ* mente; and as to temper—well, I don't know that yon could call Naomi Pascal's temper "sweet," it would be juster to say that she is without temper of any kind, good or had. Her placidity is marble-like, as her smile, her heart Salt team in plenty have Leah and little Deb shed. while Naomi ettiurttnameu _^ admired herself in the looking-glass, have been motherless, with a ooldi ferent father, have had to cope withpoi ._... and worse than poverty ever since DSbcan reoollect anything. Naomi has slept yawned, eaten, or tried pn .new ribbons through it alL Once only thher life,her sisters avow, has she known rite tarts of pain—the oooa sion when, withiond shrieks to earth and liMTS&foflnnfitito; flhd consented IbUve her ears piercwTjfrLhet jeweller, andeven then the prospective vision of her own love liness enhanced by earrings, went far to ^WBids oooBoIiM hto Beautiful, brainless, with a genius ;far bleep and food only equalled bv her parity for suffering, what splendid iiat.. w^h^fo^J^^eri^.^tef^trial nuooeae "The old ladies ere going to fight: wake up/quick." Whispers little Deb, as Naomi * _v. —.— fi-i- — _■ —i*— —— . lids. There is no very great -— theyounger Hiss Pascals: hut Deb,feels that it would he hase to let even Naomi miss the delicious excitement of one of lin Wynch's battles royal. "Look attheCom tease's face.*.' ThtiK fit Major Macnamnrdo. Won't there be anew, just, before theyhave dime. * \ ■VV . i "D&rite;," shouts Mrs. Wynch, a sadden Sttar.in her eye, "fai & vows parlor." She s lived in Paris 90 years, but speaks the most atrocious French -thai even the Hon that shaves the ears, as the Parisians express it " Potts ova ovhlte de metier k \ the, Desire. Beaumip eau chaude, pat de tH." M This is more thanBonchr^tien's philosophy can abide. Hadame is oi the Gironde origi nally, and not all the experience gained in ; her profession, not self- interest itself, can, nnder inanltlike this, quell the fiery Southern blood within her vains. She darts back to old Mrs. Wynch's side, her swarthy cheekB I repeats the old woman, making a feint of handing her . cap to the servant, but seeing all the time, as dearly as she ever daw anything in her life, that Madame, not Desird, stands beside her. "Indeed, Dddtd forget nothing of the kind," shouted Bonchri&en; in her ear. " I serve Dddxd the tea myself; one spoon each person, and two for the thMre—not a house in Paris where yon 'ave equal (M with mine. Bat there is no pleasing yon, Mrs. Winch. I have worked my 'art for 15 years to please you. And in vain—nothing please yon." "Say that again, madame, will yon! I'm rather hard of hearing." "I say nothing please yon, Madame Wyncb, and I say it once more. Yon are ingi&tee;" Sim. Wynch totters to her feet, her diminutive, shrunken figure shaking with passion ;she peers with her unearthly white old face foil into the excited, coffee-coloured one of Madame. " Ingrate—yon call me ingrate ! What were yon when I first came to yon, when yon lived Kne Laffitte—five lodgers np three pairs , of stairs, and used to give them soup meagre six days a week and bully for an entree. Whose money palled you through ? Who bought the commissaire oat of the house when yonr meter died 1 Who helped yon to j pay young Arnand's college debts? You've ( had £1,700 of my money, madame; I've your receipts to show it, and now that yon nave risen in the world I get the worst room in | the house, draughty, sunless, neither carpet ! nor bell wires 1 I might be ill in the night, and lie there and die before I could make yon or any of your servants heat me. You don't care whether I live or die. There was a window left unmended in my room five nights in the middle of January, and as to black beetles " "This is enough, this is enongh, Mrs. Wyncb," cries Bonchretien, whose face has gone through many carious evolutions of colour during the old woman's accusation. " I bear much when I remember of your age, and the long time we are friends, but when you speak of what does not regard you—of black beetles in one of my bedrooms—I look round at the salon, at these ladies! I make my appeal to the society—is it true or false ?" The society is mute. Mrs. Wynch is the I terror of every inmate of the house, male and female; every one in turn has been made to I writhe, as 'Bonchretien writhes now, nnder j the lash of that scorpion tongue. And, as long as the contest remained personal, every old lady present{for convenience 1 enumerate dearol the two dear old cribbage-players among the old ladies) would unhesitatingly have thrown her weight upon the side of madame. But the moment wider questions are opened, more momentous issues trenched upon, pub lic feeling veers. Talk of draughts, un mended windows, and black beetles, and not a soul present but is converted on the spot into a fellow-creature and a boarder. Madame la Com tease T' begins Bonchre tien, appealingly. Madame la Comtesse has lifted her hand kerchief, the corner with the embroidered .coronet displayed, to her peaked, high-bred, old noee, and pretends to be asleep. "Major Macn&murdo;, I ask you, have yon ever seen f " Fifteen two, fifteen four, and two for his heels—six. Upon my word, sir, 'tis as dose a game as yon and me have ever played," cries the plausible old Irishman, conveniently deaf, Madame turns away desperate, towards the other side of the room. "Mrs. Amiral Tom-son," she exclaims, ."I confide myself to your response. Yon hear of what Mrs. Wynch accuse my establishment Is it true or false." Mrs. Amiral Tom-son—I like to give her her fall accentuated title—is an immense old woman, with dropping eyelids, a widow's cap, yellow curia, ana a voice. Evan D&xd;, the pert Parisian gamm, picked np daring one of the revolutions .oat of a gutter, and trained by madame into a pagjywmD6sir6, who. in his tame, has quailed neither at Prussian nor petroleum, quails before the majestic British presence of Mrs. Amiral Tom-son. "If yon really ask my opinion, my dear Madame Bonchretien," she replies, with sepulchral amiability, " I consider that there are black beetles ra this establishment. Many!" "Many!" Is repeated by the fickle voice of public opinion round the room. Poor little «rinV-q f into a chair, beaten. 'And when next yon use that word 'false,' madame," goes on old Mm. Wyncb, upon whom most of the by-play haa been " i the woj yon a three i lost—"when next you nse the word 'false,' I would advise you to study your company a little first I shall leave yonr house to morrow morning." She threatens this, on an average, about twice in every three weeks, '' I knowaboarding-honae, Rue Bolssy, where can live for 45 francs a week, and get s entries at dinner." Forty-five franca aweekl Three entries 1" ejaculates Bonchretien, clasping up her hands heavenwards. "Of what—laak the society —of what most those entr&s; be made." "And I shall pack up my thing* and go them lU never stay under yonr roof after whathaBpassedhetweenns. But IUgiveyou a bfcofgoodudviflehMore we part madame. Be more choioe.of yonr company before yon uretbatword'falee' so freely. What are all of hi hererrrber keen old eyes making aorcnitof theroom, "What are all of as— what axe nor lives hut false! False gildings and finsries abont us." Madme'eaotohw figures, fuss everything." , "She have put on her cap de travers. She mnst' be removed to a bouse of health,": ejaculated. Bonchretien, white as a sheet VMadathelaComtome, Mrs. AtniralTotn-son, I implore yon make no attention to her freney." '"And yon," taming to Leah, who, with little Deb, stands ma amused spectator of the scene. "You, falsest of alL young and handsome Ihonfifa ypn are. If yon don't know what I mean, ask yonr conscience for an answer when yon walk up to fhe altar on yonr marriage morning ! Now, I have said my sky," Andta Bperiang, ghdshddng and is seen no more. ' ^. , \- "And there are who prey to grow old, who regard thewhite 'Mrs as mercy," eries Bon sflMMaufe'r* peace. forgive her? She u incapable, when the most&rd; mount to her nose she know not wbatshe sayB." Bnt Leah is silent. Since the first hour of her engagement, she has been litentUf over* whelmed with sugared falsehoods of all1 kinds, after the manner of brides elect Old Mrs. Wynch, in ber passion, has struck the first true chord to which the girl has had occasion to listen, and it vibrates with curious power in her heart " Ask your conscience for an answer when yon walk up to the altar on your marriage , morning." The words may not unfittingly be taken-act a prologue to this biBtory. While Mrs. Wynch was soil speaking the door communicating with the staircase opened quietly, and, unseen by any one save little Deb, a new actor ap peared upon the soene—a new actor, destined from this moment forth to play a leading gart amidst the dramatis persona of Leah's 