ENGLISH AND FOREIGN. of From Papers lg the Torres Straits Mail.) New HXW-citowjJS.?The authorities of the Mint are about to coin a large quantity of half-crowns, none having been made since 1848, when they were abolished by Royal proclamation, and all those then existing were as they got work ordered to be called in and gradually; converted into florins. The florin was coined in 1851 to operate as a counterpoise against the abolition of the half-crown, and to form the basis of a contemplated decimal currency, which it was at that period hoped would be universally acceptable. The commercial world, however, did not adopt very willingly the new theory of circular \- tion ; consequently it has been abandoned. Had it succeeded, the Mint intended to establish a gold decimal currency. Mn. JosEt'H Ancestor. G. J. Holyoake warns the friends of the agricultural laborers that their leader, Joseph Arch, is killing himself. On April 23, at Exeter Hall, though his voice filled it beyond that of any other speaker, there was a hollowness in it, denoting the presence of weakness or disease and I found that after constant ? speaking of late he had come up that day from Leamington, with scarcely time for refreshment before he was due to the committee-room, where twenty persons had personal communications for him. The next morning he was out with me by '-9 o'clock, to confer with a member of Parliament on matters affecting his agricultural friends. He had an appointment at 11 o'clock, two miles further off. At 1 o'clock he had to be at the Paddington Station, as he was required to deliver two speeches in Birmingham the same night and an engagement had been made for him to be in Woolwich by midday on the day following, to speak there. My advice to him was not to attempt it, but to insist upon a day's rest between each public meeting. Incessant speaking, incessant travelling, incessant anxiety to promote the interests of those whom he has come to represent never-ceasing sense of responsibility for the wise conduct of the agricultural movement, have told upon him, as that amount of ceaseless exertion tells upon the constitution of the strongest man, This service is quite as enervating as that upon the Gold Coast, from which his son has just returned from serving in the army there. On Mr. Arch s returning home recently, from one of his hurrying, speaking, agitating journeys, he had to says Mr. Holyoake) five miles to walk to his own door, and it took him two hours to do it, and his altered appearance naturally excited the concern of his family. A Happy DiiuvciuxcE.?Tho Judges of the Queen's Bench decided this day week (says the Spectator of April 25 that we are to be saved from the calamity of a new trial in the Tichborne case, though they did not deliver their reasons fully on that occasion, but reserved them for more careful and terse enunciation. Had it been otherwise, the only expedient for preserving the sanity of the men would have been a short Act of Parliament either to protect us against the Tichborne case, or to provide some machinery for its going on, like the procession of the Equi- notes, of the undulation of light, and other similar processes, with a becoming modesty, are., without inflicting itself on human attention and filling up the columns of newspapers. We might as well have minute daily reports of the revolutions of the earth on its axis, us have Jlolipilla and Wagga Wagga and Wapping and the Bella and the Osprey all over again. It is said that some minds, even as it is, have been unhinged by dwelling too morbidly on the vicious circle of the Orton logic, and have come to regard the 'Claimant (though in penal servitude as the Absolute and the Unconditioned, or as Hegel's "pure Being" said pure Nothing," which the (Hegelian logic identifies. The: Colorado Beetle In the Times, of March 10, attention was called to a correspondence between Mr. Gladstone and the secretary of the Chamber of Agriculture on this 'Subject. Fears were entertained that the 'Colorado beetle, which had created such terrible -havoc amongst the potato crop in America, should be brought over to this country. The views expressed by Mr. Algernon Clarke are confirmed by Mr. C. V. Riley, the American entomologist, who, in a communication to the New York Tribune, expresses his belief that, if once this pest reaches the Atlantic seaboard, there will be great danger of its finding its way to Europe, for the impregnated females will live for weeks, and even months, without food, and might in their flight cling to the rigging of outward-bound vessels, and so be transported to these shores. As a means of preventing the evil, Mr. Riley suggests that the various agricultural and horticultural societies should disseminate, as much as possible, correct information concerning the insect, and recommends that it small card, giving colored figures of the beetle in its different stages, should be posted in the cabins of vessels, and other places, with a note calling upon the reader to do all in his power to exterminate the terrible scourge. Tm:. Agricultural Look-out The Times remarks that when, as in the case of the agricultural laborers' lock-out, class is arrayed against class, and nothing is exchanged but defiance, nothing remains but the intervention of some other class, or the outer world. Of course the landowners ought to be equal to the occasion, but most of the country gentlemen at present do not know what to be at. They want to stand well with the farmers, and, of course, to afford them no reason for flying from existing engagements. On the other hand, they are, as a rule, phelan thropists ; they generally prefer the laboring class to the employers, and in ordinary disputes are disposed to take the side which appeals most to the softer feelings. Thus far, then, there is very little sign of the landed gentry presenting itself as the peacemaker or umpire. But, as there must be an end of controversy, and it can never be permitted that the two most important classes of English society shall spend a summer in doing one another the utmost possible harm, without even the excuse of real hostility, the public must intervene, and both farmers and laborers be induced to see the question from one another's point of view as well as from their own. It certainly shows something like the proverbial blindness of passion that the employers seem hardly to discern any difference between one union and another so as they be unions at 'all. Common-sense as well as political economy must protest against a union striving to fix a Traumann price for labor all over England, to place the employer at the mercy of the employed every week of the year, and to arrange its operations with an express view to the instant and complete annihilation of any one so bold as to resist. If the condition of the laborer was to he improved, as it certainly has, that must not be by the farmer's ruin, nor by the establishment of a new code of rights and relations in which both justice and mercy are to disappear. Tm: Kuonv School Difficulty. Dr. Hay- man (says the Spectator) has been solaced for his tribulations at Rugby by the Rectory of Aldingham in Lancashire, put down as yielding £1000 a-year, independently of the house. Mr. Disraeli, in offering it to him, wisely guarded himself from expressing any opinion on the distressing controversy which resulted in Dr. Hayman's dismissal from- Rugby. But the Prime Minister wished, according to 27ic Times, " to express his sympathy with a distinguished scholar, who has had to contend with circumstances of trying difficulty, which have exhausted his worldly means, and who now? with the anxious responsibility of a large family? has been deprived of a high office and an honored home," That is very much as it should be. No doubt Dr. Hay- man, though incompetent for the position he held, and especially wronged therefore by the sld governing body which appointed him, was hardly dealt with by some of his colleagues, and exposed to a needlessly severe trial through the imprudence of his predecessor, working in conjunction with his own. It was well that he should be solaced, though anything like compensation for trials of his own causing would have been inappropriate. Nobody understands the kind of poetical justice which is most suitable to " such creatures as we are, in such a world as the present," better than Mr. Disraeli. The Government and the Publicans The Telegraph remarks that Her Majesty's Govern- 'ment, if Parliamentary exigencies permit, will' this evening redeem the tacit, but yet well understood, pledge upon which it was put in power. In Committee of the whole House Mr. 'Cross will move for leave to bring in " a Bill to Amend the Laws relating to the Sale and Con sumption of intoxicating liquors." It is commonly expected that, while 11 o'clock at night will be fixed as the uniform hour for closing in the country, 1 a.m., instead of midnight, will be adopted as the superior metropolitan limit. The powers of search at present vested in the police would one cannot but think, be more safely and advantageously exercised by the Excise. It is desirable,, of course, that, if adulteration be attempted, it should be promptly detected and summarily checked. But some concession must be made to the good old feeling that an Englishman's house is his castle. Equally natural is the licensed victualler's demand to be relieved from the restrictions under which he at present lies with regard to the entertainment of his own friends. For the rest, the Home Secretary will, it may be properly conjectured, extend the recognised hours of closing for licensed houses to all shops or other establishments where wine, beer, or spirits are sold by the bottle or otherwise We cannot, however, but ask ourselves (the Telegraph says) if this be really all that Mr. Cross intends to do, why a new Ministry was needed to pass his measure. Mere amendment upon the lines which practice and experience have suggested is, after all, no very difficult matter. There is however, a good deal of truth in the old epigram which reminds us that a blunder may be worse than a crime and Mr. Bruce's attempts at legislation were, from first to last, a series of blunders of the most fatal kind. The Suez Canada's. de Lesseps, we are glad to learn, has given way, and withdrawn his threat to close the Suez Canal to the commerce of the world. The firm attitude of the Porte and the Khedive, and the probability that they would act upon their intention as notified to M. de Lesseps, and take possession of the canal in the event of his attempting to close it, seems to have inspired wiser counsels in the President of the Suez Canal Company. He has now agreed without any reservation to levy from the 20th instant only the dues fixed by the International Commission ; while at the same time protesting in due form against the order given by the Porte to the Khedive to take possession of the canal, and summoning a " general meeting which will require to take the measures necessary under the circumstances." His practical submission, however, has absolved us from what would have been a most unpleasant duty. The Powers interested in the maintenance of the canal, and England as the most deeply interested of them, would have been bound to support the action taken by the Turkish Government through the Khedive, and, in the present disposition of the French Press to make a national grievance out of M. de Lesseps' complaints, ill-feeling would have been certainly generated. The French newspapers are already complaining that " England, Italy, Austria, Germany, and Holland, the customers of the canal, have been allowed to fix the tariffs on their own authority," and have compared them to debtors fixing the amount of their debt without consultation with the creditor. They would hardly, therefore, have approved of the debtors seizing the creditor's estate, even though compelled to do so. As matters stand, however, this has been avoided, and the creditor is to be heard in support of his chum. " The Powers interested will, it is said, consent to discuss the conclusions of the International Commission with a properly authorised representative of the company." Pall Mall Gazette. Phokkssou Fawcett in Parliament Again. The borough of Hackney has made timely amends for the ingratitude of Brighton. On Friday last Professor Fawcett came in a good second at the poll which another Liberal, Mr. Holms, headed by a few hundred votes. His old place, therefore, in the House of Commons has once more been filled by an able and independent thinker, whose services to India, need no further mention here, line! whose eloquence as a speaker entitles him, in the opinion of the Gentleman's Magazine, to the third place among the genuine orators of the day in oiir.llou.se of Commons. No one will regret the accident which vitiated the previous election for Hackney, and enabled the electors to make so good a choice of a successor to the vacant seat, Exeter Cathedral Reredos Case:, The Bishop of Exeter adopted as his judgment the advice given him by his assessor, Mr. Justice Keating, with regard to the petition of Chancellor Phillpott calling on the Dean and Chapter' of Exeter to show cause why they should not remove the new reredos in Exeter Cathedral. With regard to the argument that the Bishop had no jurisdiction over the fabric of the Cathedral, and that the Dean and Chapter were independent of him in this matter, it was pointed out that the bishopric and Cathedral existed 200 years before the deanery, and it was also noticed that in answer to the Royal Commission some few years since the Dean and Chapter did not set up any such powers as they now claimed ; therefore it was held that the Bishop had jurisdiction j and in this case application ought to have been made for faculty. No such faculty having been applied for the reredos was therefore illegal on this ground. With regard to the second cities tion, as to whether the reredos in itself was illegal on account of the figures it contained, Mr. Justice Keating said images were clearly illegal, and he could not uphold the distinction that had been attempted to be drawn that these figures were not images, simply because they were in alto relieve, and not standing out boldly and un- connected with the main structure. The Bishop, therefore, ordered the removal of the reredos and the substitution of the Ten Commandments. At the same time he intimated that he would grant a faculty for anything that would add to the beauty of the Cathedral, so long as it was not illegal. If there was no appeal the Chancellor might apply in reasonable time for a motion calling on the Chapter to remove the erection. [The structure which occasioned the present discussion was composed of alabaster and marble, was situated at the east end of the chancel, and occupied about sufficient space to serve as a back of the Communion table, the spaces on either side being filled with an. open Knitting admitting a view of the Lady Chapel behind. It consisted of three compartments, the centre one being very much elevated above the others, and rising to a point from which sprang on a pedestal a very beautiful and highly ornamented cross, with two angels on pedestals, one on either side. Imme- diately below the arch of the compartment, and in a separate richly ornamented frame, was a figure of our Saviour ascending, and looking upwards with hands extended sufficiently to exhibit the stigmata. This figure was in alto believe, with an angel on each side in an attitude of adoration. Below the frame was a group of smaller figures, representing apostles in different attitudes of wonder and adoration. The lower compartment on the right contained figures of the apostles on the Day of Pentecost, with " tongues like as of fire on their heads, while the Holy Ghost, represented by the figure of a dove, hovered over them. That on the left represented the figure of our Lord as transfigured, with Moses and Elias on either hand, and the three apostles in front. A marble boss or column at each end of the reredos supported the figure of an angel on a pedestal. All the figures were small. The figure of our Saviour in the centre, considerably the largest was three feet high. The whole was elaborately and beautifully carved and richly and, indeed, profusely gummed and ornamented with colored marbles.] Professor J. A. Wauklyn suggests that a chemical examination of the ashes of leaves might result in the discovery of a new element. He has found manganese in the ashes of beech leaves. An argument in support of the view that the moon has an atmosphere appears in the last number of the Monthly Notices of the Astronomical Society, from the pen of Mr. E. P. Nelson. The author, however, believes that the density of the lunar atmosphere is only 4 1000th parts that of our own. A TOESH addition to the botanical study of the cultivated vine of Europe has been made by Dr. E. Hegel, director of the botanical gardens at St. Petersburg. He pronounces the plant not a distinct species, but a hybrid of two species of the genus vine, to one of which belongs the Catawba grape of this country. The project of constructing a tunnel under the channel between England and France continues to be discussed in scientific circles. At a meeting of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Mr. Joseph Prestwich, F. R. S., said he was satisfied that there was no geological difficulties in the way of such a work. He thought a tunnel could be constructed through the trough of London clay which extends from the coast of Essex to the coast of France, were it not that the distance is so great it being eighty miles. The formidable obstacles, however, relate to the engineering, rather than the geological forma- tions. The speaker mentioned the fact that at Whitehaven the galleries of a coal mine had been carried a distance of two miles under the seat 