HOWLOXG POLICE COURT. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1. (Before Captain Brownrigg. P.M.) Ereritt v. Manning. — Plaintiff in this case sought to recover damages from defendant for the tresjiass of a horse.—Nonsuited. Daruiau y. Ryan.—This was a summons to recover a portion of damages diarged bv defendant for certain cattle that he had iiu]»o'unded ; the said damage being considered excessive bv the plaintiff. Judgment was reserved to allow the magistrate an opportunity of visit iug the ground on which the alleged trespass had been committed. Mr. Fleming appeared for plaintiff; Mr. Thorold for defendaut. M'Giatb v. Ryan,—Claim for £10, for breach of agreement. Mr. Fleming for plaintiff; Mr. Thorold for defendant. Nonsuited. William Ronton was chaiged with violating the person of his own daughter. The evidence of the girl was taken at considerable length, but was unfit for publication. The prisoner was renumded to the Police Court, Albury. AN example has (says the Norfolk Chronicle) hceu made of a fowl-breeder, who, in supplying a number of huge turkeys to the order of an extensive dealer in Norwich, ingeniously contrived to make up their weight to the re-quired standard bv stuffing them with pork fat. A gentleman who had ordered a number for distribution amongst his frieuds luul one also scut to his house, when it was found to contain more than 41 h. of pork fat. Naturally indignant at the fraud, he communicated with his solicitor, and the result was tliat the perpetrator of it was Klad to make reparation by refunding 0s. for each turkey he had supplied. Ma. G. ROWEIX has recently made an astounding calculation respecting the blow fly. On the authority of Reaumur lie states that one tly will produce 2(1,000 eggs, which are hatched almost as soon as deposited. Maggots issue forth, and almost immediately begin to feed, and ill 24 bom's increase, their weight 200 times. In eight or nine days it is full grown. Thev then assume the "pupa" state, and after another period of about the same duration come forth perfect Hies. A mouth therefore is rather more than enough for a generation. Suppose that of the 20,000 eggs, half produce females, then in the first family there will be 10,000 Hies, each capable of producing 20,000 eggs. A very simple calculation will show tluit at this rate iu less than six moutlis the sixth generation will number 2,0(H),000,000,000,000,- 000,000,000. If every fly is half an inch long, a quarter of an inch wide, and the same in depth— that is lo say, 32 of them occupy a cubic inch— tlieic will be enough to cover all England and Wales to n depth of 3,800 miles, or the entire world, both laud and water, to the depth of a mile nud u quarter. Fortunately for afternoon nappeie, the juvenile blow fly lias a terrible number of enemies, uud very rarely lives to attain parental diguity. THE DOCTRINE OF BAPTISM TO THE EDITOR OF THE ALBURY BANKER. Sin,—-In your issue of the 14th March, I have just noticed a report, of the tcamceting held in the Wesleyau Cliureh, Wodonga, iu which the Rev, Mr, Hatchers, in speaking on the subject of reason and religion, cliaiges the Baptists with ignoring reason in dealing with religion, and elates a convei-sation he had had with a believer in adult baptism (f) who maintained that infant baptism was unscnptuiul and objected to, Mr. Butchers reasoning tliat infants were included in the households mentioned as being baptized by the Apostles. Baptists, as they are willed, hold die doctrine of ltelicvers' baptism—tliat is, the baptism of those (of whatever age) who believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. And they give as the reason the command of Christ as recorded in Matthew xxviii., 19, Mark xvi., 15, 16, from the perusal of >vhich, it will be evident, to any reasonable person that believing is a prc-requisite to baptism. For in one, they are told to teach all nations, baptising them, &c.;, and iu the other, " Go ye into ill the world and preach the Gospel to everv •reature. He that, believeth and is baptized shall lie saved, but he that lielievetli not shall lte conlemncd." So Peter uudei'stood it wheu he said to the thousands who asked, "What shall we do ?" ' Repent and be baptized every one of you ;" also, Paul, when asked by the P'hilippiau gaoler, "What must. I do to be saved V' replied, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ aud thou shalt be *ave<l, and thy house." As it is self-evident to reason that no infant could comply with the ibove conditions, there must l>e some ground for die practice. So Mr. Butcher quotes the household baptisms in the Testament, and I am willing to i-eason the point with him, asking him to take nothing but what fair reasoning can construe out •f the passages. To be-in, Mr. Butchers will idniit as reasonable, tliat the words household and family do not always include infants, for there are numerous households or families in the Albury listrict where no infants are to l»e found. Further, lie actions of the households mentioned were such as infants are incapable of doing, either d before or immediately after baptism. The instances of household baptisms prove too much for infant baptism, for the first, that of Cornelius aud 'tis friends, Acts x., 47, as Peter said, " Can auy nan forbid water that these should not be baplizeil, who have received the Holy Ghost as well is we." No reasonable man can infer tliat infants were there. Take the next, Lydia's household, \cts xvi., 15. The record does not mention n'hedier she liad a husband. It is quite as reasonable to suppose she was a single woman as not, but verse 40 says, " Paul ami Silas returned to the house of Lvdia, and saw the brethren, and comforted them, who were not infants surely, if they had believed the preaching of Paul, " then '•he gaoler (verse 33) was baptised, he and all his, straightway." Perhaps it may lie reasoucd that " all his" includes the infant,' if he luul one ; if so, it was able to hear the preaching of the Gospel, uid could believe and rejoice in God. For, in verse 32, Paul preached to liiin, and his (imagine Paul trviiig to convince an infant), and in verse 34, he rejoiced, believing in God with all his louse, Iu Acts xviii., 8, Crispus Ijelieved on the Lord with his house, and many of the Corinthians hearing, believed, and were baptized. The family if Stephanas seem to have ljeen adults when baptized, for they are said (1 Cor. xvi., 15) to have levotcd themselves to the miuistrv of the saints. IVliat sen*ice could infants render ? With the ibove instances of baptisms, and the express command of the Saviour to teach or make disciples of all nations before baptizing them, I ask, is not the baptism of unconscious infants who cannot believe iu direct contradiction to the teaching of scripture, uid therefore, uuscriptual ? I challenge Mr. Butchers to produce from the Testament one instance of infant baptism, and promise, if found, to practise and uphold infant baptism, feeling confident, that thousands of Baptists will lie glad to do the same. Fearing I have already trespassed on your valuable space, I must conclude, aud remain, Yours trulv, Sydney, March 27. EXITRIMENTS WITH MOSQUITOES.—Some interesting experiments with mosquitoes have lately heen made by Professor Mayer iu the United States, who, at a session of the Academy of Sciences, at the Steven's Institute, Hobokeu, gave an account of his discoveries with regard to these insects. He said that by placing a male mosquito under the microscope, and sounding various notes of tuuiug forks in the range of a sound given by the female mosquito, the various fibres of the antemiie of the male mosquito vibrated sympathetically to these various sounds. The longest fibres vibrated sympathetically to the giuvo notes, and the short fibres vibrated sympathetically to the higher notes ; the fact that the nocturnal insects have highly organised antemiie, while the diurnal ones have not, and also the fact that the anatomy of these parts of insects shows a highly developed nervous organisation, leads to the inference that these facts form the first sure basis of reasoning in reference to the nature of the auditory apparatus of insects. The experiments were also extended in a direction which added new facts to the physiology of the sexes. If a sonorous impulse strike a fibre it remains stationary. But if the direction of the sound is at right uncles to the fibre, the fibre vibrates with its maximum intensity. TIius when a sound strikes the fibrils of an insect, those on one antenna are vibrated more powerfully tluiu tlie fibrils on the other, aud t he insect naturally turns in the direction of the autemui which is most strongly shaken. The fibrils on the other antennas are now shaken with more intensity, until the insect, having turned his body so that both autemuu vibrate with equal intensity, lius placed his body in the direction of the sound. Experiments under the microscopc show that the mosquito cau thus detcct to within five degrees the position of the sonorous centre. C.' J. MORGAN. 