PUNCH'S PARLIAMENTARY SPIRIT. kee Selectors live in tubs, like Diogenes. They support their miserable existence on the scanty nourishment derived from boiled lead. If anybody is unwilling to believe this, Mr. Punch can only say that the statement was made in the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday, the 13th instant, by an honorable member, whose name alone would render him entitled to be looked upon as a high authority upon all matters relating to casks. The honourable member said that nine-tenths of the free-selectors possessed nothing in the world except a harness-cask and a bullet-mould. Of course, he could only have meant to use these words in the sense suggested by Mr. Punch. The interesting physiological fact was made known to the world in the course of a debate which followed upon a motion of Mr. T. Robertson's, asking for an account of the moneys owing by the free- selectors. Mr. J. Robertson said that the money was not owing — it was simply unpaid. Mr. T. proposed to substitute the word " un-paid as the words "owing" and "unpaid" were equivalent terms, especially with M.L.A.'s. While hon. members were busily engaged in splitting hairs, Mr. Cooper's "harness-cask and bullet- mould " fell upon them like a bomb-shell. The House was filled with the war-cries of the champions of the injured innocence of the free-selectors — all with an eye to future votes." One hon. member went so far as to insinuate that Mr. Cooper had meant to convey the idea that the free-selectors were cattle-stealers — but, of course, this was absurd. What the honorable member for East Macquarie really meant to imply has been suggested above by Mr. Punch. In the course of the evening Mr. Buchanan objected to the desecration of the Parliamentary Paper by such sacrilegious blasphemy as the words "Most Reverend," " Very Reverend," and "Reverend." He abhorred adjectives of all kinds, especi ally superlatives. Mr. Punch advises the hon. member to be come a Quaker, and bring in a Bill to do away with the titles 'Esq.," " Mr.," "Mrs.," &c.;, &c.;, as well as with all surnames and other superfluities. Wednesday, January 14. That most unhappy individual, the captain of the Goulburn Volunteers, was dragged into the House and pelted. Mr. Garrett moved an amendment upon Mr. Parkes's motion, to the effect that the House had been snubbed by the Government. Mr. Burns quoted Todd ; Captain Onslow quoted Mill ; Mr. Forster took a leaf out of Mr. Gladstone's book, and informed the Government that " three courses " were open to them : they might resign, or advise a dissolution, or ask the House to rescind the adoption of the Report. The Government, however, didn't choose any of these "three courses." They gave the House its des(s)ert, and asked it to eat its own words, and beg the Governor's pardon. Thursday, January 15. Mr. Buchanan played the part of the Witch of Endor, and raised Samuel's ghost again, by asking a column- full of questions about the Post-office. The House then went into committee to consider the Governor's message. Mr. Parkes spoke for three hours. Mr. Jack Smith spoke for three minutes. . J. S.'s speech created far more excitement than the Premier's. Mr. Parkes said that he merely wished to impress upon the House the conviction that he could not by any possibility be turned out of office. The Governor would do exactly as he (Mr. Parkes) wished, and the House had better follow the Governor's example. If not, let them fight it out between them. As far as he was concerned, he could do without a Governor ; he should prefer a President ; and if the hon. members felt themselves aggrieved by the conduct of the Governor in the matter, let them do away with him, and appoint a President. The office, if permanent, was one for which he felt himself pre-eminently fitted. In the meantime he would request them to beg both his and the Governor's pardon for all this annoyance. Let them, in all humility, present their heads to be sat upon ; let them, with deep contrition, gratefully accept the chastisement administered by the Gubernatorial boot ; let them kiss the rod with which they had been beaten ; let them turn their other cheek to the smiter ; and then he, Mr. Parkes, might graciously condescend to rule over them, and manage the affairs of the country for the rest of his life. Otherwise, he would leave them to the tender mercies of the Opposition. Mr. Teece ventured meekly to suggest that the Colonial Secretary had, in some of his statements, deviated slightly from that unwaver ing veracity which was his distinguishing characteristic. Mr. Parkes crushed the unfortunate member with a look, and the whole House trembled, like the King's Courtiers in the Christmas Pantomime. An honorable member then rose upon his legs, and, in the name of his fellow-members, acknowledged to the Premier that they were the greatest lot of ruffians in New South Wales. The Premier at once replied that the information was superfluous. At this stage of the proceedings one John Smith became uproarious. He raised his voice (choked with emotion, of course,) and declared that the Premier was the most gorgeously resplendent being in the Annals of the Country. The House felt itself insulted by the faintness of the praise with which the Colonial Secretary was thus damned. They could not believe that the gifted Smith could have used so obnoxiously milk-and- watery an expression. Mr. Hannell thought that the hon. member did not allude to the Hannells of the country at all ; his words were that the Colonial Secretary was the highest " hanimal" in creation. Mr. J. Smith didn't exactly remember what he said. After retiring from the Chamber to refresh his memory, he apologised to the House. He acknowledged that his language wasn't strong enough. No language could be strong enough to apply to the Colonial Secretary. The House accepted the apology. Friday, January 16. The Religious Opinions Bill was brought up by No- religious-opinions-Bill, its framer. Joe Raphael introduced the Corporation Bill. Tuesday, January 20. — A little more Rossi. Mr. John Robertson brought up an amendment calling upon the Governor to eat humble pie. Mr. Allen promised to bring in an Arrest on Civil Process Bill. The mining members did their best to have the duty on gold abolished; but they found themselves in a minority. Why is an unavoidable calamity like a cut made with an axe ? Because it is an accident (axey-dent). 