LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. The Torres Straits mail steamor has arrived oqce more, and as usual has brought next to nothing in, tho way of news to our shores. English 'journals of .February 22 are to hand) exactly a.fortnight since we recoived those of February 20. The following extracts are ' in teresting: — ' i POLITICAL. v Mr. Gladstone has resigned the post of First Miuister to which Ii6 was called by the accla mation of tho people in 1868. He came in because he had a groat policy of conciliation and justice for Ireland i ho has gone out because he discovered too lute un equally groat polioy for England, Scotlund, and Ireland. Beaten at tljo polling-booths, Mr. Gladstone has wisely bowod to public opinfon, nnd left to his opponents the responsibility of executing tho negatives they shouted as the only policy worthy of u great county. Wo aro told that the country wants rest, and that tlie perturbed political life of the nation for tho last five years must be put an end to By a composing. draught of Conservntivo' inaction. The Conservatives appear to think that revolution stalks abroad , like the ghost of Hamlet's father, nnd, there fore, they cry 'Best! — rest! perturbed spirit.' The most amusing part, of' the. comedy-is, that all the while tho Conservatives profess to be. hugely sutisfiod with the new constituencies, whichlvby the way, are the result, of the very revolutionary mensures so earnestly deprecated by the Conservatives. The truth is, that the country is so Wonted with wealth, so sick with respectability nnd' gentility, nnd eo closely con nected with the uoo'l things of *tliis life*, thnt i there i« a fear in -Society, which has pro' duced a species of politieiil cowardice. So all the people who have something to lose, and all the people who conceive they hava something to gain, aro just now ready to cry, ' Let ub have Rest ' — utterly uncon scious that tlioy are asking for what is unobtain able. Whon Canute planted his chair by the seashore, and, in order 'to read his courtiers a lesson worth learning, commanded the waves, to come no further, Nature took no notii'o of poov Canute, Iho Conservative king, and if he had not been moved, would have carried him off,- chnir and all. The Conservatives have planted themselveB by the sido of the channel in which the tide of public opinion flows, nnd they will soon see the waves rise and plash upon the shore. 'There is no rest in life, for. nvon our sleep is disturbed by dreams of the anxieties of. the day, nnd the caves of the morrow. The ' laws of ?life are growth mid change, verdure and de,cny, day and night ; and the changes of physical lifa are nob. more certain1 than tho 'law of evolution in ideas nnd in action. The hu ni'.in mind is sometimes weary' with exertion, and calls .for rest' j but tho mind that rests ia soon superseded by the fresher faculties of an- ? other. To stand still is impossible ; overydiiy ?the events call forth tlie human faoulties ; a war, a famine, a commercial crisis, or manufac turing activity, or a Btrike, demands the, con . sideratiori of the peoplo who can think. ' Whether (lie people who call themselves Con Bervativos like it or not, the world will move, m-d it motes even if they put every political Galileo to the torture. The party of stagnation is only the pnrty of tho comfortable luxurious class — a partv which wants everybody to be let alone ; and so long as democracy dues not threaten rontals, dividends, profits, - places, and pensions, all is well. But when a minister is bold enough to threaten not only the revenues ? of on alien Chiiroh, but even the more sacred licenses . of public houses, then the party of stagnation stirs itself out of the puddle of . slothful selfishness in which it lives, and cries out for rest. The Labour Mabxet. — (From the Zala'ur News.) — There have been but few important^ changes in the condition of the homelabour market during the past week. At Sheffield considerable numbers of steel workers havo gone to work again at tho wajfis offered by tho masters, and in several directions a decrease in miges may bo expected. On the west eoast, and in some parts of South Staffordshire, ironworks aro slack j whilst in South Yorkshire and Derbyshire, men are generally actively employed, In the textiblc districts, hands continue fairly engnged chiefly on old contracts, and, in some parts additional labour could bo absorbed. Emigration to the United Statos Iuib for a t-mo perceptibly de clined, but to the Australian colonies and New ' Zealand large numbers are departing almost weekly. Abroad, an extensive emigration from St. Heloua to Natal may bo noticed, and a grow ing stream of settlers from Italy to the Argen tine Republio is reported. From Spain the .ex portation of iron ore is recommencing, and generally the mineral resources of tho Continent are being largely developed. In tho Southern States of America, whito labour is becoming - muoh in demand, nnd Virginia and thn Carolinas are likely to Attract tho early attention of set tlors. From Terns, .ndvioes are moro favourable. London trades remain fairly employed. Official Umpoems fou titb Colonies. — A circular* has been received by the Government from the Colonial Office, Downing-Btreet (says the Melbourne Age), in reference to tha unf Forms to be worn by tho Goyornors, Lieutenant Governors, nnd ? Ministers of Stale, in Her Majesty's colonies. There nre four cluBses of uniforms. The first class is to bo worn by the Governors of Canada, Jnmaioa, 'New South Wales, Tasmania, South Anstrnlin, Viotoria, Queensland, New Zealand, Ceylon, Hong Kong, . Straits Settlement, Mauritius, Malta, Capo of Good Hope, West African Settlements, British Guiana, Windward nnd Leeward Islands. Second class uniforms nro to bo worn by nil Governors of colonies nnd dependencies not previously named. Third clnss : Officers administering the Government, not holding the ,rnnk of Lion'enant-Governor6, nnd all members of colonial Ministries -»horo responsible Govern ment exists. Fourth oUsb : Tho heads of prin' oipnl departments not holding' a sent in either tho Executive Council or tho Legislative, subject; to the approval of Her Majesty. No ilhiform is to be worn, without tho consent; of Her ?Majesty, if the person has coased to hold office. Private secretaries nnd governor's officers may wear third-olasB uniforms. ' . Patkd with Gold. — The llaryhorofigli Ad vertiser states that after tho recent flood several' pieebs of gold' wero found, on Iho metalled streets in the towu. A pieoo of quartz contain |ng',(,'?ld to the value of £1 2s. 6d. was found in Grnnt-street, a 2 dwt. miggofc in Brooke streot, and 7 dwt. and 2 dwt. piecei on the Sand hurst road. ' 