Odd Notes. BY A BOHEMIAN. I HAVE felt so uncomfortably pious these last few days that the chances are I shall be turning these notes into sermons. It's the opening of St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Cathedral that's done it The fervent and enthusiastic ardor with which Protestants united with Catholics in subscribing liberally and taking part in the open ing ceremony on that occasion has made a great impression on my mind. I can see now that a new era has dawned upon the world. The most fruitful cause of private and public quarrel for the last thousand years or so is removed at last, and I, for one, am prepared to sing " Glory! Hallelu jah!" over the event No more religious diasen sionß; nomorebrandishingsof the brimstone-stick I over people who cannot believe in a particular way, and are honest enough to say so; no more reference in one set of pulpits to "The Scarlet Lady," and in the other to heretics and outcasts. Upon my word I had no idea that people about here had made such wonderful progress in the Christian virtues of charity and benevolence until last Saturday and Sunday—but they have. Ib it not written in the local newspapers how one Protestant gave twenty pounds to the Cathedral fund, and a large number of others gave smaller but still respectable sums, and how they "assisted" at the consecration, and gave a guinea a-piece to dine with the Bishops, and made beautiful speeches after the dinner, and—and finally came to the unanimous conclusion that " they are jolly good fellows," "we won't go home ' till mornin' " —and that sort of thing? Charming—isn't it? I hear that one Roman Catholic, of the meaner sort, was so enraptured with the new aspect of things that he went and knocked up his neighbor, an Orangeman, at a late hour, in order to give him a thrashing out of irrepressible love and affec tion. More than that, it is currently reported that the hint thrown out by His Excellency the Governor at the dinner to the Bishops is to be taken up and acted upon at once, and we are to have a Church of England Cathe dral in Brisbane, and collections in aid of the building fund are to be made in all the Roman Catholic Churches and Presby terian Churches throughout the colony. lam not so much surprised at the Roman Catholics undertaking the graceful task, because they have always been very liberal supporters of other denominations, but that the Presbyterians, more especially the Scotch Presbyterians, should show such liberality towards prelacy is rather startling at the first blush. We have no State Church in this colony, and therefore have already expunged the word " Dissenter" from our dictionaries ; by-and-by we shall find that the word " Protes tant" has become equally obsolete. As the poet sings:— "I doubt not through the ages oaahur—ring porpoae run*, And the thoughts of men an widened by the pi»wi at the rasa " So mote it be ! As I predicted, the " Lords" have squelched the Payment of Members' Bill, so there need not be any more trouble or anxiety about that We tarn' getting democratic enough without payment of members. Cer tainly the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, where the members are paid, compares very favorably with that of—New South Wales, for instance—where they are not paid. Compares very favorably even with former Victorian Par-^ liaments before payment of members was the' law—but that has nothing whatever to do with the question. The real question is whether the property and vested interests of the colony are to have a preponderance in the Legislature, or whether they are not, and the Lords have de cided in the affirmative by sixteen to six—which is odd enough to satisfy any reasonable man, I should hope. . You see if once you adopt th« payment of members' scheme you are always in danger of letting in people to make the laws who have flighty Benthamite notions, " greatest good to the greatest number" and that sort of rubbish, with little or no respect for vested interest*, and the sacred rights and privileges of those who own the money bags. This would never do, you know. At all events it must be staved off as long as possible, and one can find plenty of excuses for doing it without hurting people's minds by bluntly Btating the real ground of objection. Somehow Political Economy don't "tot up" right on the labor question—especially the im migration of labor part The "able editors" of the Melbourne Press are deeply exercised every now and again about the sin and folly of encouraging laborers to emigrate to that colony. The editor of the Age says:—"To increase population artificially by assisted immi gration would only end in the displacement of labor, so that the State would exchange old citizens for new importations, at some cost in money and more in heart-burnings. To expect a small country like Victoria to absorb any large number of arrivals without depreciation in the rate of labor, and consequently an exodus of the best workmen, is, in fact, to believe in the possibility of pouring a gallon into a quart pot" Which seems reasonable enough in theory, but the facts and experience of the past are dead against it There used to be a strong feeling here against the immigration of laborers among the laborers who had already immigrated, on the ground that it would reduce the rate of their wages ; and a strong feeling in favor of that sort of immigration among employers, in the stead fast belief that by that means they would be cer tain to get their work done cheaper—both have j been disappointed. The rate of wages here now for all kinds of labor is higher than it was when we had only half the present population, and double what it was when there were only one-tenth as many people in the colony. It is very unreasonable, unscientific, and per verse of the rate of wages to keep going higher and higher in this absurd way the more laborers there are coming in—but it will persist in doing so notwithstanding. I think the fault must be in giving facilities to people to start on their own account in bo many undertakings by which masters increase faster than men. Or it may be that there is so very much work to do in these latitudes, that people only undertake the big jobs when there is a chance of getting hands to do it—and the jobs always turn out to be bigger than was expected, and the number of hands not nearly enough. The worst of it is that there is no clear prospect of getting the thing altered. Fresh discoveries of work wanting doing in this, that, and the other direction are being constantly made, and people are saving up their money in the banks until there is an opportunity of using it on these undertakings. If VicUria cannot "ab sorb" a good deal more labor yet, depend upon it there's a screw loose somewhere. It cannot be because the country is overstocked with people, nor for want of money to develope the resources—l think that is the correct term—yea, develope the resources of the colony. Thia abominable state of prosperity among all sorts and conditions of men in the colony is playing the very dickens with old-world and time-honored customs and privileges. A great authority some years ago said, " The poor yon have always with you ;" but we haven't—unless you count the "poor" blacks. The conse quence is that there is next to no scope for the exercise of philanthropy and generosity. Certainly, one can subscribe to the Hoepital, and give a guinea now and again for a new school, and demoralise a blackfellow, or better still, his gin, by giving the .a rum or threepence to get it —but that is about the limit. The " Lady Bountifula " have only the Lying-in Hospital to operate upon, as the Government have taken charge of the orphans and the old people, and all the young widows are snapped up before they have well got through the regulation period of mourning. There are a few drunken, dissolute people here and there, certainly, but they are above accepting help unless it comes in the shape of a nobbier, or the price of one. Offer them a loaf of bread, a basket of " broken victuals," or a bundle of old clothes, and they feel insulted. There is so much work about that a lazy man does not stand the ghost of a chance, and it is so well paid for, that a plea of poverty only provokes laughter. A few good folks in Sydney have been carrying on for some time a system of Sunday morning breakfast* to poor people, and they actually find people willing to go* and eat the** breakfasts. Sydney is a larger and an older city than Britban*, and nay few the means of indulging in luxuries which are unattainable here. I don't think it would be poasibloto get anybody in Brisbane to own that they were poor enough to go and get a free breakfast on a Sunday morning, on condition of going to chapel after* wards. The tame may come when our benevo lent people can organise a Sunday morning free breakfast for the poor, and find poor people to eat it—we don't know what blessings are in store for us yet—all I can say is that at present it is no use thinking o f guch a thing. I should like to know what the ratepayers of this great metropolis would have of the Munici pal Council. In one and the same breath they blame the aldermen for wasting the revenues of the municipality, and for not taking delivery of the bridge now it is finished. The aldermen don't want the bridge. They want to make the Government a present of it, and prefer to let Macalister have the honor and glory of formally opening it for traffic in an eloquent speech, winding up with the statement that it is free of toll as well as open for traffic, and that he is the public benefactor who has accomplished the work. Mac. is anxious to do this, if people would only have a little patience. The Mayor says he would rather see Mac perform this cere mony than have the honor thrust upon his shoulders. The Mayor is of a modest, retiring disposition, and does not care to thrust himself forward in a prominent manner on every public occasion. He is not proud. Besides, directly the Municipal Council took delivery of the bridge, the payment of interest on the debt would have to commence, and it is pot conve nient to the Municipal Council to find the money. We have got along tolerably well during tbe ten years or so that the bridge has been building, and surely we can manage for a few more months until the Premier is ready to open it. The money which would have to be paid for interest on bridge debentures can be utilised in the streets if the City Surveyor makes an effort There are several places to be found within the municipal boundary where it would not be an absolute waste of money to still further improve the footpaths. What is the use of rushing into the indulgence of costly luxuries when all the time there is such a terrible want of bare necessaries ? I can do without the bridge a little longer. The ferry or the punt will answer whenever I want to get on the south side. 