DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. FEAST OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION OF THE B. V. M. This interesting ceremony (reports the Bendigo Independent of the 9th inst.) took place at St. Kilian's yesterday, at the 8 o'clock Mass, which was celebrated by the Rev. D. F. O'Connell, C.C. Shortly after 7 o'clock, the children began to assemble at St. Kilian's Hall. About 46 girls, all wearing white dresses with wreaths and veils, and about 20 boys, all marched in processional order from the hall, singing appropriate hymns on their way to the church. Throughout the proceedings they made a good impression on the minds of all present by their edifying conduct in church. After Holy Communion, the rev. gentleman delivered an excellent exhortation, taking for his text St. John, chapter 6, verses 56 to 59, and I. Corinthians, chapter 11, verses 23 to 29\. After Mass, several hymns were sung, when the children adjourned to the hall, in which refreshments were provided for them by the Christian Doctrine Society. Great credit is due to Mr. . McLeod for the excellence of his arrangements. Father O'Connell sincerely thanked the members of the Christian Doctrine Society and school teachers for their assistance in preparing the children or the Sacrament. A hearty vote of thanks was then given to liim for his kindness to the children during the ourse of their examination ; to which he suitably replied. At the conclusion of his remarks he was heartily applauded, and carried with him on his retirement the best wishes of all present. The proceedings soon afterwards ended. (Continued on Page 13.) CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE Continued from Page 7. NEW ZEALAND. DIOCESE OF WELLINGTON. ARRIVAL OF BISHOP REDWOOD. (New Zealand Times, 27th Nov.) The Right Reverend Francis Redwood, D.D., the recently appointed Roman Catholic Bishop of the diocese of Wellington, arrived in the steamer Albion yesterday morning. At 10 o'clock yesterday morning, a deputation, amongst whom were Father Forrest, Messrs. O'Shea, Cemino, Reid, Dees, and McDonald, waited on the right reverend gentleman, and accompanied him to a carriage awaiting him off the wharf. The party having also entered carriages, his Lordship "»raa driven to the foot of Hillstreet; where the Catholic body were in readiness to receive him. A band, under the direction of Mr. Cemino, jun., on the arrival of Dr. Redwood, played the " Tantum ergo," and his Lordship robed himself in ecclesiastical garments within the carriage. On stepping out of the carriage an address, from the Catholics of Wellington, highly illuminated, was read and presented by Mr. Walter Johnson. It was signed by Messrs. 1ST. Reid, S. Cemino, Alex. McDonald, J. G. Dees, C. E. Haughton, John O'Meara, James O'Shea. His Lordship expressed his gratification at the kind welcome accorded him, and he would have pleasure in replying to the address in the Cathedral. Mr. Vincent, on behalf of the Catholic Young Men's Society, also presented his Lordship with an address. Bishop Redwood thanked the society for their kind expressions, to which he would also reply at the Cathedral. Mr. C. E. Haughton, as President of the Hibernian Society, welcomed hia Lordship to Wellington. He pointed out that the society had been but recently formed, which precluded its members from appearing in regalia. His Lordship thanked Mr. Haughton for the society, and would acknowledge its kind wishes in the Cathedral The Bishop then started for the Cathe- dral, the band playing the Haec Deus. A procession, arranged in | the following order, preceded Dr. Redwood :—School ijirls, dressed in white, carrying emblematical banners, followed by girls who wore no particular costume ; then came ladies, who were followed by the members of the Hibernian Society and the Catholic Young Men's Society. The latter appearing in the costume of their order. The clergy and Bishop were at the end of the procession. At the threshold of the Cathedral—the procession, excepting his Lordship, the clergy, and the prominent gentlemen of the congregation—having entered, the Bishop was invested with the staff and mitre, the ' clergy presenting him with the following address. His Lordship stood under a silken canopy, supported by four gentler men, while it was being read:— At the moment your Lordship reaches the threshold of your Cathedral, it behoves your - clergy to express to God their heartfelt thanks ' for having ended the bereavement of «: dio-' case, plunged into widowhood by the preature death of your lamented predecessor. r. Viard. The administration of the distinguished Bishop of Dunedin being of a teinporaty Oharkcter,' We solicited' frdm -God one Who Wotfld be to us a pastor and a father tor life. We were graciously heard. The 20th ! of January, the day of your Lordship's election to the See of Wellington ; the' 25th ofthd satne nionth.wben the choice of the Propsgaa&a; was confirmed by his Holiness Pope Pius IX.; and the 17thof March, the festival day of glorious St. Patrick, when your Lordship was consecrated oy the eminent Archbishop Manning, will be duly for ever trea : eared in our memory. \- Blessed be our Sovereign Lord Jesus Christ, and His Immaculate Mother—our perpetual advocate—for the nomination of a pastor gnch as the Bishop whom we now salute and welcome with profound reverence, and, if your LordBhip will permit ns to say it, with the most cordial affection. In your Lordship's call to this diocese, we recognise the wonderful ways of Divine Providence, directing the various steps of your Lordship through life, to the distant end, that you should return to New Zealand to preside over this important portion of Christ's Church. The fact of your Lordship being an Englishman by birth, a New Zealander from childhood, a Frenchman by education, and an Irishman by residence and sympathy— apart from personal virtues, to which your Lordship's presence forbids us to allude— must excite a peculiar interest, and tend to make your Lordship's arrival agreeable to all. The peace and harmony that happily prevail among the people of Wellington, cause us to hope that our separated brethren will share in our joy, and in our confidence that all will find in your Lordship a real and constant friend. We cannot disguise from ourselves that what endears your person to us, is the spiritual mission that has come to your Lordsbip directly from the august successor of St. Peter, our glorious but sadly tried Sovereign Pontiff. Alas 1 his reign of twentyeight years, astounding by his duration, has been a continued period of persecutions and robberies, in an age' of so-called liberalism. The accounts of those calamities have conconually rung in our ears, and your Lordship has not only heard oft but witnessed the noble fortitude with whioh those misfortunes have been borne. More than onoe you have contemplated the afflicted but serene countenance of Pope. Pius IX., yes, a new Jacob, the Venerable Pontiff has lavished hiB tenderness and blessings upon your Lordsbip, another Benjamin (so to speak) among your brother bishops. Ah 1 my Lord, in our present jubilation it would be impossible not to dwell npon the name of our most beloved and sorrowful father, and we feel inclined to repeat with impassioned expression the words of the Israelites of old in their captivity, "If I forget thee, 0 Jerusalem, let my right hand be forgotten 1" . Trusting in our aspirations and prayers in union with all Catholic hearts, we hope the Almighty will be pleased to abridge evils that are, alas, so fatal to the salvation of many. We will implore the Sacred Heart of Jesus to have pity on souls redeemed by His precious blood, to restore liberty to the Church, and to procure for her a speedy and fruitful triumph. Finally, my Lord, we beg that you will accept the assurances of our unbounded respect and lasting obedience. After a brief thanksgiving, his Lordship ascended the pulpit and replied to the addresses. He offered his sincere thanks for the expressive addresses of welcome which had just been presented to him. He would first thank the clergy for the admirable sentiments expressed in their address regarding the Holy Father of the Church, the Pope, and concerning the persecutions which now assail the Church. A ray of hope was, however, visible in the horizon, which indicated a speedy triumph by the Church over her enemies. He would also thank the clergy for the hearty expressions of affection which they had exhibited towards him—expressions which would add to the deep interest he felt towards his diocese, and which convinced liim of the veneration between the laity and their pastors. He next thanked the laity for the hearty welcome they had accorded him, and for whom he already felt affection. He knew the support that he would hereafter receive from them would be as hearty as was their welcome. How- • ever unworthy he might be of the office he now held,- he nevertheless "considered himself a successor of the Apostles, and went forth, as Christ had instructed the Apostles to do, to teach all nations, and to baptize them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He exhorted his hearers to listen to him, for he felt towards them with the feelings of an earnest friend —a father, ay, even with the feelings of a mother. He trusted that they would all work together, and in harmony, and if they but attended to his instruction and teaching, all would go. smooth over this sea of troubles, and they would find a joyful haven of rest in another world. He then thanked the young men who composed the Catholic Young Men's Society for the Sentiments expressed by them in their address. To him, the society represented hope ; and he likened it to a beautiful tree in blossom, and he looked forward to the time when the blossoms would become fruit. He hoped the society would meet with every suecefis, and reap the fruit of the blossoms which were c>w apparent. Lastly, he would recomend himself to the nrayett of his flock. Tleife was aiiich Work t>efqirfe Mm/ many difficulties to overcptnd tad perils'to go tlircfugh, but he felt thait, were the prayers ot his people witKhim, all would go well. He hoped, when .all' their labours had ceaBed, to share the. eternal qrown of glory with them. He then gave them his blessing, and prayed that the angels who preside around the Throne would watch over them all, and that JeBus Christ would bless and preserve them. He impressed upon his hearets the necessity tit frequent prayer and attendance at the Holy Sacrament, and exhorted them in ho wise to be afraid to confess their creed. He trusted they would ever remain good Catholics, and always endeavour to carry their creed further, aye, even unto the end of the earth. He then invoked the blessing of Heaven upon them. The Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was then given, followed by Mass. All the arrangements for the reception of the Bishop were most perfect. The girls occupied the right side of the Cathedral, the boys the left, the centre being allotted to the congregation and visitors, most of whom, however, were ladies. There were ten Catholic clergymen who welcomed his Lordship, one of whom was Father Gavin, from Nelson, and another a priest from Wanganui. His Lordship appeared to be enjoying robust health, and differed in appearance from any of his brethren, having allowed a fine beard and moustaches to add to his genial and handsome face. He was met at the steamer and accompanied to the Cathedral by Messrs. Redwood and Ward, his brother and uncle. Father Kearney, a promising young gentleman, arrived from Europe with his Lordship. The Museum house, recently occupied by Dr. Hector, has been secured as a residence for his Lordship. 