BRITISH AND FOREIGN EXTRACTS. Mr. Thomas Carlyle has been re-elected President of the Edinburgh Philosophical Insti tution, one of the very few public, if honorary, positions he takes delight in filling. The occa sion . of his reflection was taken advantage of j to present tp the institution, in Mr. Carlyle's I name, a portrait of John Knox, beneath which hie liad written, " The ofife portrait I ever could bblieve to be a likeness of John Knox. February, 1874" A scheme for erecting a memorial of Know in Edinburgh, in which Mr. Carlyle has taken some interest, suggested the idea of obtaining the most authentic likeness of the great reformer. Mr. Carlyle's gift is an autotype copy .of the engraving made from a .picture in the possession of Lord Somerville for Knight's u Pictorial History." Messrs. 'JPease Brothers, who are a very large , coal and irpfistone firtn in the north, have pre sent^ a ? new cemetery to -the town of Darling J ton^ which -Witt xiost the donors, when completed, .£20,000. , Aeronautics are again before the public. This timeou the pacific Coast. A Captain Barbier, of Paris, is ^beginning a series of experiments at J San Francisco, California, with a silk balloon With a capacity of 90,000 feet of gas. Its carrying power is sufficient for a dozen pas sengers. ,.f Lady Barker, author of "Station life in 'New /Zealand,*' and other charming works, has been appointed superintendent of the new National School of Cookery, South Kensington; She is the wife of Mr. Frederick Napier Broome, one of the principal descriptive writers on the staff of the Times. One of Mr. Broome's latest achievements was the graphic account of the wedding festivities at Sit. Petersburgh, tele graphed at length to the Times. Within a.few days a gift will be presented in the name of the ladies of Chislehurst to the Pnnce ' Imperial, in commemoration of his coining of age.' This testimonial, which is valued at about i>o00, has been prepared by Mr. Streeter, of New Bond-street j and is an ibkstand in the shape of a beehive, inlaid \wth aroethystsand surmounted by the^. monogram " L. N." in rubies and diamonds, the-lid forming the Imperial eagle, handsomely chased* while arotirid the base are the different colours in enamel; On the front is engraved, " Pre sented to the Prince Imperial by the Ladies of Chistehurst March 18,187%." At the Frome Police Court, on April 14, Mr. Stephen Padfield/a farmer, and cliurch-. garden of Great Elm, and two. men in his employ, surrendered on bail to answer a charge of stealing a quantity- of hay, value £l, the property of the &ev.; Lord Francis Godolphin Osborne (a nephew of S. G. O."), rector of . that parish, on April 10. The hay in question was the refuse of a rick, standing on Padfield's land, which was sold to his lordship for J>4>7 in January last, by a brother of Pad fields. Pad field-considered that all. the hay of any value ; having been removed, and that asthe refuse was lying-there to the detriment of the land, he had a -fight to remove it. The defencfe was that! there was really no ^taking," the rick having beea«lw&ys;«n Padfield's land, andnever in his lordshipVfpossession, and that there was no felonious intent. The Bench, , without hearing any witnesses for the defence, dismissed the; case.- < The decision was received in the ^Court with loud applause, which was immediately I suppressed. " J j The Women's Whisky War is still a topic of j great interest in th_erAmeaican journals. In Buffalo a shrewd dealer got1*; notice published that his saloon was to be visited, and in this way drew a huge crowd, who consumed a vast amount of liquor while waiting for the women to comfe. No ladies put in appearance, and the crowd,; ultimately discovering the hoax, dis persed^ In Indianapolis a dealer employed an . orchestra to drown the prayer meeting, but it was ineffectual, and he finally let out a couple of tame bears, at sight of which the ladies beat. a hasty retreat. , :Throwring pepper in . the stove is a- coidmon tricky and always dissolves the prayer meetings. At Piqua, Ohio, a bar-keeper: began undressing, and this caused the ladies to. vrithdraw. His conduct almost got him lynched, however, for a crowd soon gathered, and gave him an hour's time in which to leave town. At Logan a saloon-keeper who surrendered has «backslid" and begun business again, so that he is now " the subject of a perfect storm of i prayers." At Ripley the ladies, being denied admission to a saloon, built a fire, and encamped ih front of it,,conducting a siege so vigorously that in a few. hours the proprietor surrended. In Chicago the movement began in a small way on February 25. An old lady went from one 4aloon to another in a part of the town where they are numerous, and, informing each bar keeper that she intended to pray for him, knelt in a corner and .offered up her supplication. The Western telegrams report some disturb ances at London, in Ohio, where a " tabernacle" placed in front of a saloon has been wrecked by the proprietor and his friends, the ladies being drenched with buckets of filthy water. The Hartford Times states that on the night 0f the 23rd March, about midnight, the signal Station on the top of Mount Washington re ported a north-west gale blowing at the fearfnl rate of 140 miles an hour-as shown by the anemometer- and a temperature 18 degrees below zero. No human being could stand before such a gale. The people in the chained down hut contrived to examine the anemometer without emerging-else they would be swept off bodily and hurled down Tuckerraan's Ravine. The roar of such a mountain gate .is terrible beyond description.. We should think so. Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Carolina,.is doing missionary work in its neigh bourbopd.. "The American rival of Vesuvius, as it is already named, has been " interviewed," j and the result communicated to the world. The shocks, .described by . the correspondent of the New York Herald as(f commencing with a noise like that of smothered blast, and followed - by a low rumbling sound," are producing a tnost profound effect upon the inhabitants of the district. At a farmhouse where the writer halted during his ascent of the mountain he ' found a 'crowd of terror-stricken people. One of these, who owed fifty dollars; offered to sell his two cows jSpd a horse for that arootint, "because he did not ,^ant, tQ go .out of t^ world owing a cent to any man. .. And his feelings are shared by the whoje population. Prayer meetings ai*e held, at which the most; extraordinary conversions are made. 1 Those at "Elliotts house, atthe base of Stone Moun-* tain,*'" are describM as of a most enthiisias^icj nature. During their ,continuance, on, the- fifth day, a singular jscene occurred. ." A perfect Rip van Winkle appeared in the person of Major Betide, an illicit distiller." The Major, "who'-carried on Ms sinful .traffic in the very bowels of the mountain, and was seldom seen by humans," appeared as pale as a ghost, and exclaimed,; " It's coming and thar ain't no use a.talkin*. Ef you had be'n shuk as bad as I, you wouldn't be a wantin' n'othin" but religion." The old mkn then toldt how the rumbling noises determined him to come down the mountain, mend Iris ways,, and -quitdistilling.. Thinking the :World was coming toan end, all he wanted was " a revenue officer to whom he might con fess -his 'transgressions against the Government." But. the revenue officers'"had fled the night before from the same cause. They had at tended meeting, during which " the ? severe shocks so frightened them that they ordered their horses and " put off in a hurry," A negro preacher has improved the occasion a^d made numerous conversions. The only fear is that when danger disappears the converts will return to their old. ways. A frightful occurrence has happened on the Crystal Palace Railway. . It would appear that a gentleman ^dressed in .blackwas observed to ' walk iip the embankment of the line between the Lordship-lanp station and the' Crystal Palace. When' the 6-35 passenger train from j Victorpto the Crystal Palace was approaching, he appeared to throw himself down on the fails, and before the driver could pull up, the whole train went over him/ The Engine driver, upon arriving at the first-station, reported the circum stance to thestati&n.; master, and the body was lying on the down line,, with the head severed from it, ,and, ? both the arms cut off., - ; The re m&iBSwere;>at once conveyed to an; adjacent public' housed to fewait the' coroner's : ifcqoest. Upon the body being' searched; severalpieces of paper were found bearing the name of Tatt,a watch, by fienson, a bett^ag book with several entries of jaces, and a lettarj^elativetq business affairsj with ,an address «£,Albany-road, Cam berwell. Deceased-was about forty years of age.; . . : As a . married couple, who lived in a small house in 'the New Cut, Bristol, were not seen; by their neighbors on April 10, and the house remained .closed, .a:search ^was made, and the man and his wife were discovered lying dfead in their bed. A paraffin lamp was still burning, and therewas a strong smell of the oil ;in the room, the' windows and doors of which were closed. It is conjectured that the fumes of the paraffin. suffocated . the . deceased, A dog was also found dead in the bedroom. . : For-the governorship of the Kilmainhatn Gaol, Dublin, there were, ninety applicants,"in cluding one baronet* two colonels, two majors, twelve -captains, and- a number of lieutenant?. Captain Dyer, a naval offieer engaged in the Coomassie expedition, was elected. The salary is about J400 per annum. A ram's head, made of pure gold, taken from the Royal Temple at Coomassie, has been pitesen&d; to the Royal Artillery mess, at Wool wich, by the officers of the regiment who kerved in the Ashantee expedition. The trophy weighs forty- two ounces, and is of Tough native work manship, having apparently been wrought out of the solid metal with rude tools. It measures nine inches across, and the same in length, and it was fixed against the. wall of the temple, where it did duty as one of the royal fetishes. It was presented by Msjor Brackenbury, in the name of his brother officers; and Major-Gene ral Sir David Wood, who received it on behalf of the regiment, remarked on the regard for Woolwich, to which they looked when far away as their hotae, and the thoughts of which in battle and in sickness stimulated them by the hope of doing credit to the corps, and earn ing the esteem of their comrades. Sir Francis Hastings Doyle, failing to obtain any redress from the War Office for speaking of his son in the Army List asif he had succeeded to the baronetcy, has written to the Times to say that, like Jack Robinson in the comic song, he ."never wa6 dead at all," as his friends might have been led to infer. The Jewish Chronicle says:-" At a recent meeting of the council representing the Jewish congregations of Berlin, a motion was brought forward to the effect that immediate steps - should be taken to make arrangements for the Leichenverbrennung (burning of bodies) in one. of the Jewish .emeteries in that city- The motion was adopted by a large majority. Sonde of our German contemporaries fall into an error in supposing cremation to be opposed to Jewish doctrines. Among our Sephardic brethren of Gibraltar and North America the burial of bodies in quick lime (a rapid mode of cremation) is a common practice. Such a mode of sepulture has been performed more than once, and even recently, at the Spanish and Portuguese Cemetery at Mile End ; and no one can dttubt the conservative orthodoxy of our co religionists of.the Mediterranean shores. In deed, cremation of the; dead is not unknown among the German Jews of London." . The most astonishing case of spontaneous nuptials has pccurred in Hardin County, United States, where' a couple were recently married, and after the ceremony the bride was obliged to ask her husband what her new name was. The parties had only been acquainted a ! few hours. " At the Liverpool Assizes on April 9, before ! Mr. Justice Benman, an action was brought by Miss Mary Matheson, daughter of a Glasgow merchant, to recover damages for . breach of promise of marriage. The defendant was Mr. Eccles ShorrockjjEccles, a cotton broker, of; Liverpool, and the damages were kid at .£8,000.' I The courtship had-lasted only two months, and , at the end of that time.the defendant wrote to ! the young lady's father, breaking off the match ; his reasons being that she did not take -sufficient interest in his pursuits, and her dis egard for die game of cricket, of which he was passionately fond. The jury awarded .62,000 damages. 