1 SERMON IN BEHALF OF TH# ' MISSION i FUND.' i Pbbachbd at St. Mart's, on Sunday last, tif | Archbishop Vaughan. HibGka'ce took for h'te text the words of Isaias : ' How beautiful upon the mbtrntains are the fee't of itim that bringeth good tidings, and that prea'oaetri £'ea'6e^ of Him that showeth forth' good, that preaorieiri s'alyation, a&d; that fiaith to' Zion : Thy God shall reign.' (Chap, in, v. 7). He then said how dear to the hearc of the venerable Archbishop of Sydney was the object 6f fiifl appeal,, and how deeply important it appeared to him that sufficient funds should be raise a iur own^iug . uu iub wur& ui uuuuuwng priests for the service of the altar s and for the teaching of the people. And this Was the gim of the collection whioh was about to be made tbroiiglioufc the archdiocese onthls.day. in order to stimulate their generosity, He would address them on the great subject of Sacrifice and Priesthood : it was a large subject ; and from its very largeness difficult to grasp, and not more easy to explain. But let them place themselves in spirit at the toot of the Re deemer's cross, where the one great and Divine sacrifice waB offered to the Eternal Father, and from that standpoint pierce into the distant past, into the pre-historic times of legends and of poets ; and on whichever side they fixed their eyeB, they would find one unfailing picture presented to them — man offering sacrifice to God, and God receiving the sacrifice of man. Amidst the grossest darkness of barbarism, amidst the wildest and fiercest savages on the ifcarfcbj there have been found, invariably, tokens of man's innate belief in the sinfulness of the creatu e, m the purity of God, in man's utter dependence on a Divinity* and in that Divinity's regard for the creature of clay, for the work of Hia hands. Whether you open Lucretius, or Horace, or turn to the heathen mythologies^ tbough it may be in a corrupted form — still, you will ever find, thrown into one shape or the other, evidences of sacrifices and oblations offered by man to a power mightier and purer thai! himself. Bub why turn to the record of pagan antiquity ? Open the word of God itself — from the days of Christ to the calling of Aaron, from Aaron's day back to that of Abraham, and from Abraham to righteous Abel, we perceive in a long unbroken line of saori fices, tokens of the one great offering of the New Law, and also proofs of the ubiqaitoua sense in the heart of man of the governance of a tnighty and meroifal Father. What is more torching than the picture of Abel outside the flaming gates of paradise, drawing the best lamb out of his flock, and offering it — for he was a shepherd — offering it as a testimony to God of His All-power — slaying the gentle animal as his first sacrifice to. his Maker, and offering to coming generations an emblem of that Lamb which was slain from the beginning of the world, and which has become a propitiation for . otir sin. Or see Noe, after the waters of the flood have subsided, and the cataracts of Heaven have been shut up, see him with his family, on the green earth, building an altar, and offering a sacrifice ! How touching the picture after his great peril, and how consoling to 8ee God's bow in the heavecs set amongst the storm clouds, as a token that man should never again be swept off the earth by the waterB of a deluge. Or look on Abraham silently walking up the mount of sacrifice, his own son carrying the wood which was to have consumed him ; see the boy placed upon the pile, the swif c blade raised to Btrike — when, suddenly, the hand of an angel stays the father's hand — and Abraham and his son are saved through the mighty faith of the father of a great nation that was to be. Here, again, is a token of man's dependence on the Almighty, and a type or figure of Jesus Christ, who was to come. And thus one might speak of other patriarchs who lived in those quiet, gentle times amidst their flocks and herds, in the free air of heaven, bound together by family tieB and family affec tion, and walking familiarly with the Almighty God. For a long two thousand years did one generation follow the other, till, finally, the end came. The deathbed of the venerable Jacob is the death-time also of this long and beautiful pe- : riod of the history of God's people. Jacob, full of years, gathers his children round him, and he prophesies of each of them in tarn. There is Reuben, and Simeon, and Levi, and Zebulon, ; and Issachar, and Dan, and the rest, But when : he comes to Juda, then hia voice utters a word j which seems more like the result of vision than - of prophecy, so Btarfcling is it in its explicitness, - aad in its application to the Saviour of the - world : ' The sceptre,' said the dying man, as I he lay surrounded by his twelve children,' the i sjeptre shall not be taken away from Juda, nor \ a ruler from his thigh, till He come that is to be i aent, and He shall be the expectation of the ' Gentiles. . . . He shall wash His robe in t wine, and His garment in the blood of the j grape. His eyes are more beautiful than wine, a ' and bJU teeth whiter than milk.' Next, f comes a period of more explicit development in t rifcual ana service. Moses leads the people out f of bondage ; the Red Sea cloaes over the strong g army of Egypt. Mary, the prophetess, and th- I Other women, dance on the banks of the sea, anc a ttouud the timbrel, and Bhout with joy at thei b deliverance: 'Let us sing to the Lord, for Hi h » gloriously magnified; the horse and the rider v He hath thrown into the sea.' Moses carrier a the people to the foot of Siuai. They remaii w below; he ascends the mountain, and enter s] iuto a Btorm of thunder and lightning, and dis h appears out of sight amidst the cap oi clouds ox. « i the mountain-top. There he converses with God, and God with him. Could there be a more awe'inspu-ing picture of the Almighty's intercourses with his creature than this? With jaii.tor his altat' t^e1 people below in the valley, and the Lord speaking to him as he stands amongst the clouds of heaven -^the Eternal .bather, Moses, mankind— the Lord* the1 priest, and the people—God, Christ, and His redeemed —these are tokens and pictures which speak with a stronger language than that of human words to the heart and the intellect of a Chris tian people. Not in vain did Moses go up the mount He brought down the law, and the ritual of sacrifice and priesthood. From Aaron, the first high- priestj to Phannias, the last, a space of over 1300 years* we can trace the cloud of incense, and the perfume of sacrifice, as they ascend from the tabernacle or the temfcle, according to the law laid down by God throiigh the instrumentality of Moses. The one great and essential duty of the Jewish people was that of offering sacrifice to God : all centred round that : everything was second to it : to offer it was the one paramount duty of the priest : to take part in it was the most Weierhtv obligation of the people. The High driest had his dis tinctive vestments. With his straight linen garment, and his violet tunic, his rational, and ephod, and mitre, he is the true type of a Catholic Bishop, as he entera to commence a Pontifical Mass. Thus was the high priest clothed with ' beauty and glory.' Arid the external garb was but a token of what it should be within. Though serving an altar which was but a symbol, the Lord commanded the priests to live holy lives. ' They shall be holy to their God; and shall not profane his name ; for they offer the burnt offering of the Lord, and the bread of their God, and therefore they shall be holy.' And the tabernacle was no less a symbol of the good things to come than were the priests who served it. Its very build ing was the result of a special D'vine assistance, for the L6rd filled Beseleel, wh» worked at it3 erection, ' with the spirit of God, with wis dom, and understanding, and knowledge, and all learning.' Not only Beseleel, but also Ooliab, 'both of them hath He instructed with wisdom to do carpenter's work, and tapestry, and embroidery in bltfe^ and purple, and scarlet tw ice dyed, and fine linen, and to make all things, and to invent all flew things.' So with the sacrifices j all was especially provided for, with a oara and devo tion which points beyond the sacrifice of calves, and bulls, and goats to the great atoning sacri fice of Him who saved us from oar sins upon the bitter tree. There was the great altar of holo caust, where thousands of animals were slain — the flame rising up toj heaven whilst the blood poured down to the earth— a token of God's su preme dominion over life and death. Then there was the brazen laver, where the priests purified themselves before they entered the sanctuary. Robed in white garments, daily, the priests, barefooted, accomplished their ministrations in the holy place : there was the altar of incense, the universal emblem of the heart's adoration ; there the showbread, a type of the blessed bread broken to the people in a holier dispensation j and there stood the lamp of gold, with its seven lights, symbolizing the seven sacraments of the New Covenant, which flow from 'the Cross of Christ in rich streams of sanctifying grace. But the Holy of Holies is on the other side of the many-coloured veil : there is the Ark of the Covenant, and over the Ark, the Mercy Seat, and above the Mercy Seat, the cherubim ; all overlaid with gold, the symbol of light, and of purity, and of the incorruptibility of the law of God; Within the Ark were perceived the manna, the tables of the law, and the rod of Aaron — each typify ing, never ally, the true bread that came down from Heaven, the infallible teaching of the Catholic Church, and the sovereignty of the ' ministers of God over the powers of darkness and of night. Such is the feeble outline of that . vast and complicated ceremonial and ordinance i of the Jewish dispensation, which was but a - shadow of the good things to come — of the i priesthood and sacrifice of the New Law. When i the Sun of Justice arose, then the shadows 1 flitted away. The line of high priests i at last fulfilled their number. Some ] eighty of them, during a space of over i 1300 years, from Aaron to Phanuias, took their i places and passed away. They did but serve, to i use the words of St. Paul * ' unto tkefexample and t shadow of heavenly things.' Even before they I had passed away, nay, even before they came i on the stage of human history, the solemn figure 1 of our Saviour appears in the pages of the i inspired word. He, who was a ?* High Priest - for ever,' was one according to fehe order of \ him who 'offered the blood of the grape, and the ' bread of the strong,in the days of Abraham, of him r who received from the very hands of the chosen t Patriarch those tithes which were a sign of t Authority and priesthood. Aooording to the order t sf Melchisedech is our High Priest, 'who is set ] in the right hand of the throne of majesty in r the heavens, a minister of the Holies, and of the r. ;rue Tabernacle, which the Lord hath pitched a md not man.' Malachias, the last of the ( prophets, thus speaks in vision four hundred c fears before the coming of our Redeemer : e ? From the rising of the sun,' he says, ' even -3 io the going down, my name is great among the p jentiles, and in every place there is sacrifice, o ind there is offered to my name a clean oblation : C or my name is great among the gentiles, saith r he Lord of Hosts.' St. John, the Divine, sixty* t our years after the ascension of Jesus, in a I [lorious vision, sees the chosen ones of the New t Covenant rejoicing round the Lamb. 'AndloJ t , Lamb stood on Mount Sion, and with t lira a hundred forty.four thousand, hav- h ag His name, and she name of His Father ii mtten. on their foreheads. And I heard n voice from Heaven, as the voice of many w waters, and as the voice of great thunder ; and n be voice which I heard was as the voice ot ti arpers, harping on their harps, and they sang si a it wqwj a new canticle before the throne, ^ and before the four living creatures and the ancients, and no man could say the canticle but those liundred forty.four thousand, who were purchased trod the earth, these are they who were not defiled with women, for they are virgins. These follow the Lamb wither soever He goeth, these werei purchased from among men, the first fruits to God and to the Lamo ; and in their mouth there was found no lie ; for they are without spot before the throne of God.' What was thus seen by St. John in the heavene was, again, foretold eight hundred years before the coming of our Lord by the greatest of his prophets. These who were gathered into heaven in the presence of the Lamb had first of all to be preaohed to on the earth. ' The Lord hath prepared His holy arm In the sight of the Gentiles,' says Isaias, ' snd sill the ends of the earth shall see the salvation dfotfrGod.' Again, speaking of the coming Christ i ' Behold I have given these to be the light of the Gentiles, that thou mayst be my salvation, even to the furthest parts of the earth.' Once more : ' En large the place of thy tents, and stretoh out the skins of thy tabernacles. Spare not, lengthen thy cords, strengthen thy stakes.' The narrow covenant of the Jewish dispensation was to be enlarged ; that which had up to this only contained one small nationality was to em brace the whole of the human race. Christ was to be the redemption, not of Israel alone, but of the Gentiles— that ia, of the whole world. Christ takes the place of the typical sacrifices ; He becomes the holocaust, the peace-offering, the sin-offering, the great Appeal before the Father's throne. See how, in the words of St. Paul, Christ himself takes up his position, and puts on one side the shadows and sym bols of the past : ' When he cometh into tne world be saitb, Sacrifice and oblation Thou wouldst not; but a body Thou hast fitted tome: Holocaust, for sin did not please thee; then said I ; Behold I come : in the head of the Book it is written of me, that I should do Thy will, O God. In saying before, ' sacrifices, and oblations, and holocausts for sin 'jfhou wouldst not,' neither are they pleasing to Thee ' which are offered according to the law ;' then said I 'Behold, I come to do Thy will, O God:' he fcaketh away the first, that he . may establish that which followeth.' Again : *? Christ, being come, an high priest of the good thing to come, by a greater and more perfect Tabernacle, not made with hands, that is, not of this creation ; neither by the blood of goats, or of calves, but by His own blood, entered once more into the holies, having obtained eternal redemption. For if the blood of goats and of oxen, and the ashes of a heifer being sprinkled, sanctify such as are defiled, to the olesnaing of the flesh, how much more shall the blood of Christ, who by the Holy Ghost offered Himself unspotted to God, cleanse oar consciences from dead works, to serve the living God ?' It is no longer the blood of oxen, or calves, or goats that is offered, but the 'blood of Christ, who, by the Holy Ghost, offered Himself unspotted to God.' It is the blood and sacrifice of Calvary that, in the place of shadows and pictures of the past, are to plead our oause to heaven. Christ is our High Priest and victim too. Though the shadows have past, still sacrifices are offered. Never was there a religion, with any depth and power over the heart, without an altar and a sacrifice. To speak of a priest is to speak of a sacrifice. A religion without a sacrifice is more like a mockery than a religon, and speaks more of the heart of the creature, than of any profound sense of sin, sorrow, and self- abasement, than of much insight into the awful relation in whicl man stands to his God. Even at this day, in this nineteenth century, the clear oblation is offered to God, From thousands of altars, from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof, a sacrifice of priceless worth is offered bo the Father. Christ is still the chief priest, Christ is still the victim, who, by the ministry of His priests, ia again and again offered a Divine victim, to plead our cause before His Father's throne. What could be more pleasing to God than an offering of such priceless worth as this ? What more worthy of i Christian people than to do all in their power bo muliply the altars of God throughout the world ? Thus the highest act of homage is ihown to God, as well as the noblest act of laith ; the propitiation tor our sina daily plead ng in our behalf — the spotless symbols raised to Seaven ; the bread, the wine — the bread which s the life of our spiritual life, the wine which jreates the blood of a supernatural vitality ; in a vord, the loving victim of Calvary everinterced ng for us, and wherever the sun sheds hia ?ays, speaking for us with the power of divinity, md, if it be possible, adding to that power the jonstraining influence of a loving human form — he God made man offering Himself to the father, and in His mercy calling us His breth ?en. Generouslyj then, dearly beloved, do your -art towards training men for the service of the iltar, priests for offering the holy sacrifice to Sod the Father. They are the ministers, not mly of the saorificial rite, but also of the holy aorament of love and reconciliation. How lark would the world become without the »riests of God ! Who then would lift hands if pardon, who would break the bread of life to Jod's elect ? Who would oocsole those in sor off, teach the tempted to be strong, and rain the young in the paths of virtue and of ove ? Yob : without their presence in the aidst of men gross darkness would again oover he earth, and a mist the people ; but with heir coming they bring jey and glad a ess, and loly love ; for they bring Christ, and His sav ag graoe into the midst of his eleot, and direct aan's feet in the way of peace. Or, to use the rorde of thn text : ' How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good idings, and that preaoheth peaoe ; of him that howetb forth good, and preaoheth Salvation, bat saitb to Ziion i Thy God shall reigo ! ' 