THE TARIFF. boot and shoe manufacturers. Mr. Langridge, M.L..A., introduced » lat-ge deputation yesterday to the Treasurer and CemmiSsioper of Cnstoms. In intro ducing the deputation, Mr. Langridge said the gentlemen present represented the prin. cipal boot and shoe manufacturers in Mel- bourne. They did not object to fixed duties, but preferred them to ad valorem duties. The object was to point oat how the mea surement duties would press unequally. Mr. Slattery explained that nnder a mea surement duty, as proposed, the tax would press uneqally. Expensive and highly- finished boots would pay no more than, if so much as, . the cheap and common kinds. 4 He submitted that a regular scale of duty should be charged, according to the sizes of the boots, a difference being made between the finer and common kinds. If an absolute measure ment duty were charged, without regard to otber considerations, boots would be packed, without heels and otherwise, so as to reduce the payment of duty as much as possible. The speaker then read a list of figures, substantially the same as printed _ in The Age on Tuesday last, showing the unequal effect of the proposed measurement dutjr. Mr. Tyler said that same boots were imported at the present time without heels, but Mr. Slattery said the percentage of boots so imported now was small, but it would largely increase if there was an inducement to do so to economise space in packing. Mr. Service said if he were to adopt the suggestions of the deputa tion, and take as a basis of calculation thennm- bers of the boots, the importers might ring the changes on the numbers, applying smaller numbers to the larger sized hoots. In fact he was informed that the German numbers did not agree relatively with the English num bers. Mr. Slattery said that might be got over by adopting the English sizes as the standard of measurement, those sizes being as well defined as an English yard. Mr. Service asked if the manufacturers would not alter them ? and Mr. Slattery said he did not think that likely. Mr. Bst said this snbject was of great importance to the manufacturers, who now paid from £150,006 to £160,000 a year in wages alone, and if the measurement duty pure and simple were imposed, the manufacturer would not have a ghost of a chanoe against the importers, who would be able to resort to all sorts of expedients to evade the payment ot duty. Mr. Service said the Government did pot wish to place the manufacturers in a better or in a worBe position than they were under the old system. The simple object was to secure as much revenue by the fixed duty as was formerly secured by the Ad valorem duty. Mr. Roelens then urged that the Government should not allow any rebate on boots alleged to have been damaged, for it was well known that manufacturers often secured a remission of duty on boots that had merely been ex posed to wet, and were none the worse for the contact with water when brushed. By this means they were able to undersell persons who did not secure a like remission. Mr. Cohen said no duties were ever re mitted except where it was proved beyond doubt that damage had been sustained, and theb it would be a robbery to charge the full duty. After hearing other arguments Mr. Servioe thanked the deputation lor the information they had afforded him, and said he would, with his colleagues, carefully con sider their suggestions. warehousemen. A deputation of importers (Messrs. Nihil Love, Bruce, Sargood and King), represent, ing the warehousemen's committee, waited on the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Customs yesterday. Mr. Kerferd wasalso pre sent. Mr. Sargood said the committee of the tradohad already forwarded to the Treasurer a letter embodying their views as to what goods should be admitted duty free, and they were somewhat disappointed at the result of their efforts, for they found from the state ment made the other night in the Assembly, that Mr. Service had only gone to a very small extent in the direction they expected. Their desire was that the free list should be extended so as to embrace such articles as did not add much to the revenue, while their removal would greatly relieve trade and enable traders to win hack a large amount of the intercolonial trade that had gone to Sydney. Mr. Service stated that in going over the list submitted to him he found that it contained a much larger number of articles that could be made in the colony than the deputation seemed to be aware of. Again, on the other hand, if the remissions amounted to much, the loss would entail a difficulty from a financial point of view. Mr. Bruce then read the following list of articles, which the deputation desired should be exempted : — 45-inch saddlers' serge, 40 to 45-incli collar check, green liaize, Bolton sheets, napkins, manu factures containing silk, muslin and lace curtains, antimacassars, mosquito nets, velvet-pile table covers, crapes, tucked skirtings, unhcmiued, cambric, nud lawn handkerchiefs: cotton and silk edgings and laces, illusion tulle, furs and fur trimmings, flowers and feathers, millinery orna ments, dress trimmings and piping, cotton, wool, and silk fringes ; float and orris laces, satin ami silk ruches, ribbon velvets, carpet bindings, tapes in fancy boxes, safety and lmir pins, plain ; needles in fancy cases, crotchet hooks and bod kins, stay fasteners and busks, thimbles, double London, silk tassels and cord, blind tassels and cord, curtain holders and girdles, belt clasps and buckles,- tape and yard measures, leather cap peaks, cotton, worsted, nnd silk stay and hoot faces, ladies' garters, belts and braces (indie rubber), hair nets, pads, and rolls ; paper collars, cuffs, and fronts ; hosiery (cotton and wool ). They desired that articles containing silk should be exempted. Mr. Kerferd said he feared that if such articles were exempted they would have "very much" silk. Mr. Cohen said that as long as there was a duty on silk it could not be done. He also stated that it was the inteutiou to exempt napkins, muslins and curtains, tack, skirtings and mosquito nets. During the discussion of the list Mr. Service again said the remis sions would be too large from a financial point of view. The deputation then stated that they would not ask that the change should take effect till next year. Mr. Ser vice replied that probably before that date there would be a free-trade Ministry in office that would give them a free list altogether. The deputation then stated that they would be quite willing that carpets and silks should be placed in the 20 per cent, list, if hosiery, consisting of stockings, socks, pants, shirts, and half hose, were admitted duty free. The carpet trade was a large ana expanding trade, and would yield a good revenue. The deputation asked for information regarding the free list given by the Treasurer. The Commissioner of Customs stated that towels, single or donble, were to be admitted free. Mr. Tyler said that toilet covers with a fringe were liable to pay duty as made up goods. The deputation stated that toilet covers were always made with a fringe, and it would be advisable to strike out the words from the list "not made up." It was then asked whether "quilts" included wool and cotton quilts. The Commissioner of Customs said he intended it to mean all kinds. Along discussion then arose regarding straw hats and bonnets, and the meaning of the word " trimmed." The Commissioner stated that if they were trimmed they would have to pay duty. He would not bind him self to say what "trimmed" meant. They knew perfectly well what it meant. A hat with a paper _ lining, or a common calico lining, was not trimmed. The deputation said this answer would be sufficiently clear. The Commissioner said he believed that " gibbs" (trimmings) shonld come in free. In conclusion, Mr. Cohen said he thought he would be able to\ to make some of the concessions asked for, and the deputation thanked him and with drew. mara villa Cocoa.— Taylor Brothers, the largos" manufacturers of cocoa In Europe, liavingthe exclu slve supply of this unrivalled cocoa, Invite comparison with any other cocoa for purity, Rue aroma, sanative, nutritive ami eustafnlng power, easiness of digestion, and especially high delicious flavor. One trial will establish it as a favorite beverage for breakfast, lun cheon, and a soothing relreslunent after a late evening. N.B.— Caution.— " Maravllla" Is a registered trade mark. Mahasilla Cocoa.— The Globe says, "Taylor Brothers' Alaravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest clement of nutri tion, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For invalids and dyspeptics we could not recommend a more agreeabla or valuable beverage." For further favorable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, Ac. HouoiorATiiic Cocoa— This original preparation has attained a world-wide reputation, and is manu factured by TaylorBrothers under the ablest Homoo- fiathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the nventore, ana will be found to combine in an emi nent degree the purity, tine aroma, and nutritious property of the f reah nut. solublt Cuocolat.— Made in One Minute Without Boiling.— The above articles are prepared exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the largest manufacturers in Kurope, and told In tin-lined packets only, by Slore- aeepers and olberi ail'over the world. Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Export Cbltory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 