A LADY'S OPINIONS OF MEN, WOMEN, AND THINGS. A comet has reappeared, with a brilliant hcadj and Darning tail, that shino with ghostly, threatening glare in tbe cold morn ing dawn. Of courso it will become the fashion to take a peep at tho interesting stranger, or pretend one has "done" the new arrival in proper form; butthe vital question is — what does the celestial phenomenon por tend ? From time immemorial comets havo signified something, and though this hemis phere presents the antipodes of most estab lished customs, we may safely acquit the heavenly bodies of coincidence withiour little idiosyncrasies ; therefore the comet indicates somo extraordinary ferment or wonder on this nether world. Is it responsible for tho untimely collapse of tbe Ministry ; or does it warn offenders against the lower animals that there aro superior beings to oursolvos who are watchful and not forgetful of our delinquencies ; or has it but dimly fore shadowed tho brilliancy of Victorian affatis iu general '! In that case, what a spectaclo wo shall present for tho edification of dwellers in other worlds ! The brilliant nucleus may carry into immortality its recol lections of the political position, as it travels into space for tho mere purpose of forming an eccontric circle, so lar as onr limited knowledge extends, and tbe lessor events may be printed on tho streaming tail, at the end of which hangs the committco of the Victorian Academy of Arts, who, unused to tho position, find it difficult to maintain the polished ease and courtesy required in such exalted situations ! Mr. C'oppin mado an excellent suggestion, which it is to bo hoped he will not fail to introduce when tho Government is once moro in working ordor, and to the drill in struction he advocates in State schools add a thorough training to tho uso of firearms, which would be tho best remedy against tbe terrible accidents that result from ignorance and thougbtlossncss. The imp-like Girards have performed their farewell antics ; havo, for the last time, demonstrated to the Mclbourno public that there is not so wide a gulf botween men and monkeys as wo havo been accustomed to believo. Determined perseverance ensures success, and we may yet hope to seo our grandsons prove themselves worthy repre sentatives of their progenitor — the ape ! Tho American gnomes havo given place to local bounding bricks, who, with refining ologance, put to shame tho poor ghosts of legitimate drama and genteel comedy that lurk in dark corners, vainly hoping for re suscitation. It is a subject of wonder that pieces of a decidedly grim and unplcasing character should be so frequently offered as an ovening's entertainment, whero ono seeks amusement, if nothing higher. The good acting of various members of tho Theatre Koyal company may " hold tho mirror up to nature," but, in many instances, nature is neither instructive nor agreeable to contemplate, aud the moral effect upon tho larrikin gods is open to much discussion. An observant mind could not fail to bo struck by tho appreciative applause bestowod upon tbo realistic villany in tho Courier of Lyons, iu which play, by tho way, wo see a French maiden appear at the ceremony of her betrothal in a green dross aud crimson wreath. It has becu stated that efforts aro being made to esta blish nn amateur dramatic association, under tbo management of an experienced actor, and that tho society will reht a hall for their performances, where tho public may confidently expect gonuine comedy, and not btirlesquo or melodrama. AVliy are tho ladies' waiting-rooms on rail way stations always so close and stilling ? They possess doors and wiudows, which re semble ordinary doors and windows, and ap pear capable of performing tbo usual func tions of thoso conveniences, yet are rigidly closed by a. law seemingly as unalterable as that of tho Modes and Persians. In order to enjoy the odor of most waiting rooms, espe cially that on tho .Spencer-street Railway station, itis necessary to "makobelievo very much." It has been for some timo announced to the public that the exhibition of tho Victorian Academy of Arts would, (be opened by his Excellency the Governor ; and accordingly, on Thursday, that artistic bnilding was ho nored by the vicc-rogal presence ; but in what consisted tho ceremony of " opening" tho sagacious committee of management may perhaps be able to explain, for they alone possess the secret. .Sir Gcorgo aud Lady Boweu quietly entered a room already tolerably well filled with visitors, who, aroused by a jovial laugh, awoko to the astounding fact that the exhibition was "opened." The modosty of tho committee in keeping so thoroughly in the background, and tko charming disrogardof vulgar form and ceremony in tho reception of her Majesty's representative, was the theme of universal admiration, it is to bo hoped that they will never depart from their artistic and genuine simplicity of manners ! Tho pictures, on the whole, are very satis factory, and there is as much variety among them as can bo expected in a country whose scenery lacks the contrasts of color and form in which Europe abounds. Gum trees, water holes, aud blue mountains have been showered upon the academy walls by an artistic I'rovidcnue, and somo of the por traits jj beautifully illustrate : tho fabled effects produced by aglimpso of tbo Gorgon's head. Among feminine exhibitors, Miss Livingston bears the palm, and tho small unobtrusive portrait painted by her will, for artistic grace, favorably compare with any iu the room. Detailed criticism appertains, by right, to abler pens, but one curious coincidence may be noted, viz., that most of tho marine views are from the easels of a Nelson and a Benbow. It remains with the public to establish the success of the' institu tion by an appreciative support, but unfortunately it lias been the fashion to decry colonial pictures by those who forget that struggling genius inny be crushed for need of timely encouragement. At the annual exposition of paintings in Belgium, King Leopold invariably purchases a work from each of tho youngest artists deserving the name, for the very obvions purpose of inciting them to perseverance. If a similar generosity of spirit and enlargement of ideas should miraculously visit our community, let them not hesitate to leave tho beaten track of custom, whereon human sheep baa after tbe leader accident has provided, for they have an illustrious example in tbe amiable and handsome King of the Belgians. It is high time that some of our really well-bred and wealthy families took up a position as the leaders of society. Perhaps my organ of veneration is abnormally large, but I must confess that I do liko some one to look up to ; someone whoso example 1 could follow, and whose opinions and actions could always be quoted as being invariably light. The 'Governor ought tolie the leader, but lie is not, for lie does not stop hero long enough to find out the really well-bred people, and tho persons with whom he is suvronuded aro not his choosing, but aro men, and the wives of men, whom he is obliged to ask because of their official position. Neither the Governor nor hid wife can ever care very much about the character or conduct of their guests, sineo they know that their connoxion with them is not of very long duration ; but to us, who have to live all our lives here, it is very different. I should liko to seo a nice leader ' of society, who would givo good parties, aud who would havo enough social power to keep vulgar young men and fast young women in their proper position. At present the people who keep the best houses aud eDtortam the most aro such mere nobodies that the gentlemen only drink ihoir wine and laugh at the airs which women give themselves whose mothers sold apples. But while I know that tho Governor is obliged to ask all sorts of people to bis house, I think he might exercise some little discretion aboutjthose whom ho honors with visits. I do not think it was vory well of him to go to a hunting breakfast at the house of a young gentleman who was not very long ago in prison for beating an hotel- keeper. This country is quite too demo- cratic, but I think the line ought to be drawn somewhere, even although the young man has money, which his family obtained keeping a public house. The annual Convocation of the University of Loudon was recently held in the University Theatre, Burlington Gardens : Dr. Storrar in the chair. The first business set down for discussion was tho adjourned debate on the motion, "that in the opinion of Convocation it is desirable that women should be permitted to take degrees in tho University rf London." Mr. Crick moved the billowing amendment " That, in the opinion of Convocation it was desirable that women should be permitted to present themselves for examina tion in arts, andjtkpt . the successful candidates should receive, not degrees, but certificates of having passed." Mr. Lawson seconded the amendment. Mr. Hensman (who moved tho original resolution) said that in passing it the House would not only be doing justice to wo men hut honor to themselves. The amendment was then put, and a (division was taken on the original motion, when the admission of wo men to degrees was carried. 