'THE POPE AND THE GERM ANS. lis HOLINSS'S `ss iFINITION O01 TlE. PosiTIoN OF aTIL CiuitcIn IN A VERY ~numerous and irifluentiah deputation of " Germaln was received by the Pope at the Vatican on the 22nd of April. . .The address, to the Ponitiff was read by Prince Furstenburg, and the Holy ?Father replied., in the .following Worids:? It is, indeed, ae geat consolation to me to see you arounid nc in a 'noblea circle of faithful sons, and still more: so when I reflect that your voices, are the echo of those of' all "Catholic Europe which?nre li'ted up to deplore the evils which afflict the Imniaculate Spolse cf .Jesus ClijSt thie Holy Rn man Church.. l?Neverthiless, theigreat. solemnities which 'she places at this season before ou"r eyes, anid especially tile memory of tile Passion, the. su. preme and mysterious triumph of ouri DivinteRedeemer's love for no, should be for me,,as they are for you, a sub-. jert of rejoicing 'and exultation. Yesa; this is, indeed,, a soleinn season,' in which it is most fitting that we. should rceall how many who remained indif. feireit to the:, wonderful ., miricles wrought by oui: Saviour. himself dur ing his divine missions, were conver ted when they saw the gieat wvorkli f liedemi tion.arrive at its termn, and the soul of the only begotten Son retu'rn to the armis of .the, Eternani Father:i The sun was larkened at that terrible inoment, and 'darkness' covered the w holo carth :- a 'i Ttencbrwa factsa sunt super uriversam, terram." It was then that the good were confirmed in 'thdi;' resultion of followigin Nakarene. On tlhe test it produced this phenomenoni:, Th'e weak and' tose led dastray, seized with emotion, opened Itheir' eyes and saw in .the ,midst" of.; the; obscurity. that which -they"had ,notdiseerned -in" the fulness of light, and the recoignised errors intb' wiih 'iliey had beenn-led by the pet fidy.of thelPharisees,the priests, and in pious.'but theise, on the con trary, reiniaoed plunged in their int .qnity. The weak and the deceived cried out at thathniotent, " Verily, this was the Son.of ?God." Thiey tio k courage dan d eclared thuinselves open ly disciples of the Nazarene.? My hbelovd sonse at tlie present mo* ment the earth is once more .covered iith the dark'ncss of 'inrefedulity', and in certain parts8of'itthe' darknerss" ius the thicker because incre'dulityi joined: to that infernal -ilibacurity whichl takes its source from hatited to God arid his ministers. . Eut :this darkness ,itself reanimate the persons of the, good, twho, seeing the Church unjustly per scouted, redouble '"tho~i energy, 'slid' full of courage," are preparing the:m selves to mnaintainiher rights, 'and to. do valiant battle against:the efforts _of God's enemies:'". " . The' eiscop.ate; .?nd, the clergy of Gernmany, Switierliild, and in all parts, of Christendom, united to the Chris tian people, are become in our day a -spectacle:ofradmiration to the universe: -to angels as well as to' men: i They are as shining lights 'w9lti da* )tp wards them the eyes of all populations, and many Christians are th-bi'iboight' to ilditate=jthir texalnple!: l iB; Oportet enzm.hwreses esse, ut ui probati aunt, manifestzf7iant on vobs." Tliese errors and heresies proclaimed to-day, and stillmore ,wickedly, ~spetained and, spreadbycertain men in poweircause all i'nerona hcbar tio mnmffi tidhem :selles b.y defenningtthtltf' IliWsre garding pehalties~th'reat'; Khnd'"d'edath itself; .It-,s th.us thktieligid absows itself great and worthy and multiplies its disciples, who-are thus sure, sincere, resolute and conestanit?'onds. It 'waI said in oldl "times. l:thatithe',nblood 'of of martyrs was the seed of the Church and of new Christians.,This jaiswhat is now happening. The firmne's of a great ninltitud;e, of'which you .form a palt, multiplies the true adorIra.ond disciples of Jesus Chr?a?t Butt take heed, for. you, must, not halt ?nio the way,'a codnsel the' rore essentiUl: that ravening wilves :easekniot' t'o lAy:in wait for your faith and lay snares, for it. All means seem-'good r to" them. They enter the fold by frauid'; thiey enoi.16y violence by:tlie aid of thos?ie i high places; they neglect nothing in order to attain their ,detestable end, Which is the destructio"n of iChisti~io ity. "Tine' apostles of 'iSatan they irly on they tyrannical arrogance of cer tain meni by the typeofSejanus, ;and peraunale themselveiS that th?ieats, exile and prisons willprepare the .ay for the possible abolition of all trace 'if 'the Catholic faith. - .. , ii '? But, do you, placing your:confiderice in the aid of God, redouble-your effort, and neverforget .that ,human nature tends fatally towaids weakri'ess and decay, and id'mtidaibgi 'jhitou must persevere with courage;' and, that: lihe whol hlasput hiie* hand to 'the'plojgh must niot: turn; hack ..,T oppose,; the infidel, and" wicked "Press; .then ; to :persevere in action; to take cha'rge of youth;. to protest'by" all legal ,means in favour of th'e'rightsrof the Chu'rh, who never has been : and, never will be, the sevanit, for God'wills that. she be mistress; and to uplift your asrms in prayer to 'heaven, and only "to':'let themt fall whe'n the enemy ishlinmblled and the sun Las gone down. ::This my sons, is the sum of your duties a?t the p;esent tiumue; these,at'e, the means I counsel you to employ, in . order ,that, united with :youir bishops, youti may sesoiduls restored to peace-that. rc lative peace whichli .we, are ?:permuited to enjoy. in this valley; of. our exile and the suspension if 'not' the; end' of the ; persecution of the Churchii of 'C hrist. '.. ,'. Having said this much it only ro mains for' me to raise miy owni hadds to heaven, anl invoke 'a blessing oin you, on 'youifamilies and 'all those' who are absient, britt wv-ose aepiituuints you wIor'thily represent and'wh6 think with and as you. r. ~ , .. i .May the Eternal Father bless' you and penetrate your souls' witih' a ray of liis oimnipotence' iri"?der: to". iiake ,you valianit champions of the faith, ever ready to cionimbat and' :crish" the pride of lils cenemies. ;May .th Eteriial Son bless yon and give the wisdom necessary :to prevent the impiious seducitig you "with' their. sopliism?s-that wisdorm which ; gives you the fitting arms to'confound :eror. rind refute impiety, . ... .... . . May the Holy Ghost, the Spirit: of Love and Charity, bless 'you and des ceiid intol. youri,:hearts.. Oh I: Divine Spirits, thou who art come 'down `to: kindle the 'earth :withi, love, descend iiow, anud, .thy light" destroy errors atnd, convert sinnera ' .' Come d: own and bless this people now 'befoie ~me and all thlise who are animated by the same sentiments; and who are spread over the face of the earth. My Go'd bless yona, my beloved sons, now ?and for the rest of your:dayes mayhe bless you at;the hour of your decaths, in orr der that you' also, ;'comminitting, after thei exanmple of Jess Ci'Ohrist," yLar 'oulas intb the han?idso.f th Eterina Falierma~ iy made'iidorth ;ito' bless him and- prai?b hirim' to!ahill ,''teri;ity. Benodicto ,,-Dea..:, / ,t ,' : ::':, 