DELGRADO. If ever one-half of the Japonicadom as sembled at a sea-side, place rustled, it did so when Delgrado came to Wildriver Beach — a lonesome stretch of sand blufls and hard shore lying beneath a bill-side town — an island, indeed, some half dozen miles in extent, and curving inward all its length, so that the arm of the sea that separated it from tho main land tumbled at either end in sheets of silver loam across the shallows there, and reached out in two great horns of breaker, making the navigation dangerous and the swell of the sea superb for mileB on either side. Before the inns and cottages, though, in the middle of the island, there was a smooth, safe bay, where boats and bathers made the scene always livoly. Delgrado was a young West Indian, whose mother, having married au American for her second husband, had reared and educated her Bon in the States, though not all the school ing of the Puritans had been able to do away with his hot Spanish blood. On the other hand, it bad only done away with his fortune; for the day on which he came of age, but a month or two before he came to' Wildriver, he carried into execution the plan he had laid out in his college years, and freed every slave on his sugar and coffee plantations, and divided the land among them all, leaving himself but the amount of property accumulated iu the bank d uring his minority — a small amount, since his mother had been his sole guardian, and had spent as freely as Bhe received, without the least regard, to any process of law. Delgrado, then, had come almost directly from the university to the beach — meaning, he said, to take a few weeks' pleasure, and be off to make his fortune over again, which, owing to his opportunities of . commercial con nection with his native island, was only an affair of time. It was not tho rumour of his fortune or his want of fortune, then, that fluttered the fair flowers of Japonicadom, but it was the ro mance that always attaches in the youthful fancy to a person of foreign birth, and there fore of unknown experiences, and it was his absolutely wonderful personal beauty — the noble stature and proportions, the blue-black hair, the glowing eyes, the brilliant smile, tho dark clear pallor of the face, that gave it all Buch a starry effect as might belong to Lucifer himself. But if the maidens were fluttered, tho matrons were not less so. There was not a single duenna at Wildriver Beach that did not tremble for her charge when she saw this young Spaniard, and heard tho words that went about concerning him ; for it is to be doubted if there was a single duenna there who had not arrived at that philosophy of life which teaches that when the brief hour of youth and of youthful passion is passed there is a long life to be lived, and cnly to bo lived to the best advantage by the moans of a luxurious home and a full purse. "It is of no use to talk sentimentality to me, Alice," said Mrs. Montgomery one day as she dressed for dinner, a month after this arrival, and when Alice had carried terror to her soul by sailing and riding and strolling with Delgrado with the' most undisguised enjoyment. " Of no use at all. I have been through tho whole thing. I married your uncle for love. I loved him so much that I made a perfect tyrant of him. And now I don't love him at all. And that's the whole of it !" " Oh, aunt, how wicked ! J do. I love Unole Martin !" "Nonsense, Alice! I don't want to. hoar any heroics or histrionics, for I am going to have a plain talk with you." " Don't, don't, Aunt Montgomery !'' "I am. A plain talk," said the matron, proceeding to shut one end of her false hair in a drawer while she braided the other end, interspersing a few gray hairs plucked from her own tresses as she went along. "Now if I had married Mr. Greenbrier, what a different life I should have led ! He would always have been at my feet ; I should have rolled in my carriage instead of having to think twice be fore I can take a hack ; I should have had a villa at Narraganset Pier instead of being hero trying to marry off my niece into a comfort able competence." " Aunt Montgomery, how can you talk so ! " cried Alico, opening her- soft, bright-lashed blue eyes in amazement, for she had never before heard her aunt make quite so plain a statement. "Any body would suppose you ware in earnest ! " "And indeed I am !" roturned Mrs. Mont gomery. " Entirely in earnest. What do you suppose I had a month's struggle with your uncle, for before we came here ? For the pleasure of being in a little room the size of our trunks, scorched and stifled night and day, and pinching all the rest of the year to pay .this season's expenses ? Not at all. Not by any means. And I want you to under stand it, Alice. I have given yon every pos sible hint and innuendo, . and you have taken not a bit of notice of them. So that I have to speak plainly. I came here because Mr. Cloaveland is here, and because Mr. Cleave- land is a millionaire, and I leave the rest to you ! And I shall be dreadfully disappointed in you if — " " Oh, auntie ! auntie ! Who wouldn't think it was a Georgian slave-market ! " exclaimed Alico, her face burning and her eyes spark ling. "Nonsense !" said the elder lady, smartly. " Listen to reason, child, do 1 Mr. Cleaveland is ready to propose to you, as all the house ought to know, if they don't, the moment you give him an opportunity, though I dare say the Spencer girls think they are the attraction themselves. I declare it is perfectly indecent the way those girls carry on ; and as for Miss Anthony, she is literally throwing herself at his head ! But Mr. Cleaveland is a man of sense, and I kuow-what he means from some remarks he made to me. So don't let me hear you utter another syllable about this ridioulous young Spaniard. And I forbid your danoing with him ; and if I meet you walking with him again by moonlight on the beach, I'll send you away to a convent just as surely as your name is Montgomery ! It waB for nothing of that sort that I took you when Martin Montgomery brought you home, a puny, ailing ohild, and have cared for yon ever since, you may rest assured." Alice rose indignantly, but sat down again at her aunt's gesture, for she had always been a docile child, and she knew that it was be cause her aunt felt strong measures necessary that she used such strong language. " No rashness now, Alice," continued Mrs. Mont gomery. " I know all this wonld sound very differently in different words, bat I prefer to pat the vulgar facts before you. Ton love ease apd luxury ; to marry a poor man, .or one with his fortune yet to make, is to relinquish ease and luxury, and accept care and poverty. You love your soft sofa," continued Mrs. Mont gomery, with her mouth full of hai"-pins, " thick carpets, great mirrors, servants, silks, horses. Of course you would have to choose between those on the ono side, and love and work and worry on the other. Then, too, you would be wrotchod if you lost the devotion of your handsome husband, whom you marry all so Gne for love; but let me tell you that if a man marries you for your beauty, he leaves off loving you when your beauty fades ; and how long do you suppose that, as a poor man's wife, you would keep your rose-leaf of a skin, your white hands, or your health, or .your happiness ? No ! with poor care in your 1 illnesses and poor fare iu your health, with children and broken sleep — for you couldn't keep a nurse — with hard sewing and strugglos to make, both ends meet, your colour would soon bo; gone, wrinkles and the yellow moth would come on your skin, your blue eyes would be blurred with crying, and you would wish you were iu your grave, or had never soen a handsome Spaninrd in your life ! " " Auut Montgomery, it is shameful ! My uncle never would let me hear you talk so ! " cried Alice, the colour of a velvet rose horself. " Oh, I wish he was here ! I wish — " " Yes," continued the wise and wily woman, coolly, " handsome Spaniards are luxuries for rich girls, and even they may regret it when they happen one day to cross the Spanish temper. But yon are not rich, and in the long run — it is a long run, Alice — you are young — eighteen — and after your hey-day is over there are forty years to be ondured where a romantic lover is of small account beside opera tickets and good dinners and all the luxuries of life. And for my part," said Mrs. Montgomery, "I think it tho height of selfish- ness to indulge these years and starve those ! So think about it, Alico. Don't say a word yet. I rely on your good sense." And Mrs. Montgomery patted the powder-puff all over her face, and sailed from the room so majestic ally that Alice had not the, courage to ask her, as she felt inclined to do, apropos of the powder-puff, why does a miller wear a white hat ? Of course this little beauty, now making her own toilet, had not the least idea of giving a second thought to a word of the tirade to which she had been obliged to listen. She considered it truly not only atrooiously coarse, but abominably wickod. "Marry Mr. Cleave land without a particle of love!" she ex- claimed as she dressed. " Who would think, to hear such talk, that it was a Christian country ? " And sho proceeded to array herself in the colours that she had heard Delgrado declare the most beautiful, the soft musliu, with its delicate verb cl'eau hue, and the pale rose-tinted shells which over bands of black velvet played tho part of jewelry for her. It was a fresh and simple toilet, lovely as its fresh and simple wearer with all her changing blushes and lustres, and it was completed by the rose she set among the bright brown braids of her hair before she left the glass. Yet, after all, as she looked at herself, she could not help wishing the muslin I were silk, the illusion lace were duchesse, the ) shells were corals ; could not help thinking that if she gave Mr. Cleaveland the chanGe for which hor aunt declared him waiting, next year the mnslin would be silk, the shells per haps be diamonds. But with the thought came up the picture of Mr. Cleaveland's great gold spectacles and his one big eye, from which the cataract hod been taken. " Oh, to sit opposite that eye all the days of one's life !" she cried. "It would be maddening!" And then the dark beauty of the starry Spanish face rose before hor, and remembrance of the sunshiny soul, the noble nature, made her heart beat, and she forgot the elder lover, and gayly danced along to meet Delgrado. But there wore others, in tho hall besides Delgrado as she went down. There were the Spencer girls, and Miss Anthony, and Julia Lo Moyno — no- cheap muslins and Bhel! jewelry on them, - but liuen cambrics and Valenoiennes, silks and amethysts. She gazed at them as she came slowly down the staircase, and wished she had a little of their splendour, wished, at any rate, she had some of the hair piled so lavishly on their heads — she who had to make her own hair go as far as it would. But then what did it matter ? she said : Delerrado did not care : ho looked at no one else as ho looked at her, sought no one else so, and she did not believe be said such things to any one else as he did to her, always catching himself back as if he rever enced too much to love. Ho was looking up at her now, .with his great eyes all aglow. But as she returned the gaze, looking down, Julia Lo Moyno came to his side and stood murmuring somothing, and ho straightway offered her his arris, and had gone off with her, though Alico herself was not a dozen steps away. Alice opened wide the eyos that had been halt veiled by the down. dropping lids as she descended the stairs, looked directly before her, and walked to the door with her head up, as if she had not caught a glimpse of Delgrado or of Julia. Miss Anthony was in the doorway, shining with her yellow hair and creamy skin, in her white embroidored fawn- coloured Tassa silk, with scarlet poppies at her throat; and the rustling Spencer girls had that moment stepped outside, and were npon the piazza, where stood Mr. Cleaveland, whose team had just come up. They were all talking about the horses and admiring them, quite aB if horses were their passion, and all evidently ready to accept tho invitation for a drive, the ultimate prize in view being perhaps too valu able for their efforts to be much disguised. But as Mi. Cleaveland turned — a stout, bald, rosy gontlcman — with his one big eye, and saw Alico, lie left the exclaiming group and ap proached her. Why, yes, of course she would drive,' though she had refused every day before since hor arrival. Miss Anthony, who had treated her with disdain for three weeks, should find that there were otjiers besides herself in tho world ; it was not disagreeable to take this little precedence of the Spencer girls ; and as for Delgrado, it would do him good to find that he was not so sure of his way as he dreamed. She accepted the flowers that Mr. Cleaveland gave her and smilingly pinned them on her breast ; and that done, allowed him to help her into the waggon, and took her seat there without a single backward glance to see whether Delgrado had dropped his black brows and was gazing after her, or was only bending in a more devoted manner over Julia Le Moyne. And so they went spinning down the plank- road and over the high bridge into the beauti ful hack country, the hoofs of the horses keep ing time to .the "devil's, tattoo" that her quick thoughts wera bpating. For just escaping from the ordeal of that conversation — it was an | ordeal to the timid child — and all warm and glowiug with defiance to authority and love for her lover, she was ready to take the impress of the first outward fact, like wax beneath a die, ready for love or despair. Perhaps it was Julia Le Moyne, after all, that Delgrado cared for, Alice had thought, swiftly, as she had watched them walking off together, his head bent towards her ; perhaps she herself was merely the by-play by which ho had meant to kindle Julia's emotions — Julia, a handsome girl, not au unworthy one, and an heiress. Alice turned white now, as they drove along, considering such a possibility. To consider it was to m'ake it a reality — easy and natural revolution in a nature so humble, and withal so impetuous. She began to feel sure it was so, to tremble with shame at remembrance of all she had suffered Delgrado to say to her, and had half answered by hor silence ; aud she was so absorbed that she was saying yes and no in all manner of inappropriate ways to her companion's unheard remarks, till she suddenly found herself sitting bolt-upright and staring into tho maguified aud gold-rimmed eye while its owner was making her an offer of his hand. In an instant the sense of her folly in coming with him rushed over her. She felt as if some one had struck her. To think that a judicious refusal to drivo might have ended tho whole business ; and instead of that she had encouraged liiin to this point by the weak and silly desire to humiliate her adversaries, and bad brought humiliation on herself by tho means — and with what a fate bnforo her ! Eor even if sho said nothing about it to her aunt, lie surely would, and sho had an instantaneous picture of all the rest of the yelfr at home : one long course of nag ging aud reproaching and taunting at licr having thrown away a fortune and a settle ment ; and her uncle would take her side, and her aunt would make his life a burden to him for doing so. Oh, if her uncle were only here to hoi) hor through with it all ! But imagine Mr. Cleaveland's amazement — the amazement of a man who had just put. himself and his millions at her disposal — when suddenly hiding her face in her hands, she exclaimed, " Oh, I don't deserve anything bettor !" " I beg your pardon, Miss Alice," he said, with some stiffness. " I can not have heard you rightly." " Oh, Mr. Cleaveland," sho gasped "I didn't mean — I never meant — I — " " You — " " I mean I am so sorry you should have thought — " "Ah !" said Mr. Cleaveland, with somothing like a breath of relief. " I understand. You are sorry that I have thought myself warranted to say so much." And lie paused a moment, not altogether displeased. " Miss Alice," said ho, then, " do you know that it makes me only the more earnest in my suit, to see your distress at the idea of having misled me? Unin tentionally, I am sure. It Leaches me your sincerity ; it shows me that my wealth does not weigh with you." " Oil no, no, no !" cried Alice, deprecatingly, and ashamed in her heart to think how much it had weighed. " Pardon the egotism," he said. " I have seen so many with whom it did weigh. , It gives me, your hesitation does, indeed, a hope that I may yet succeed." "Oil, Mr. Cleaveland, you can't — I can't:" Aud she ceased, half choked, and unable to finish for the excitement she was iu. " I am not sorry, since you did not porcoivo the meaning of my attentions in the past, Miss Alico, that the knowledge of it should so surprise you now. It gives me an even higher idea of your innocence and sweetness than I had. Tt does not dishearten me," said tho old beau, who had not had all tho world of women bowing down before him for nothing, and who naturally felt that little of this sort was impossible to liirn. " I know that patience and love when combined arc formidable foes with which to lay siege to a heart," ho said ; " but I love you. I can be patient. Aud 1 have much to offer you." He paused again, for Alice had looked up quickly. It was true that ho had much to offer her — how true 1 Eor, in the first place, he had a loving heart, aud if Delgrado did not care for her, it might some day, by-and-by, not now — no nothing could bo a comfort now — be a com fort to feel that tho whole world was not of Delgrado's mind. And then all the rest. Cor. tainly Alice was no baser than her kind, but all the rest, as if by invocation,' suddenly showed itself to her : the largo and loftv city house, with its gardens, its noblo rooms, its conservatories, the luxurious table set in gold and silver ; to be the mistress of such a carriago as Mr. Cleaveland could give her, of such servants, of such a bank account ; to bo able to help in many ways the dear uncle who had been a father to her, who had made his home her own ever sinco ho took her there an orphan baby, and whom she loved with all her heart aud soul, and pitied too. Aud if she could not have the moon, need she sit in the dark aiuj cry for it, when there were such candles to be had by which she could see many a pleasing and diverting scene ? What difference did it make ? If Delgrado did not love her, nothing was any matter; sho might as well bo Mr. Cleaveland's wife as anything else — she did not care what bccamo of her. She looked up, flushed and trembling, with a great fear that sho was going to yield. " I shall not ask you for a definite answer now," said Mr. Cleaveland, turning upon her the full orb of his large eye. " I want you to think about it, to think if you can not give mo a little affection, I shall be content with very little. I shall be content if you only think you can bo happy with me. Having so much, I will win tho rest!" And then, without another word from her, the confident and rather pompous old lover turned tho horses' heads, and they fled along the high-road ou their homeward way as if the ground was on fire beneath them — while Alice, in a sort ot reaction, began to wonder if she had not taken altogether too tragically the fact that Delgrado had been somewhat civil to a young lady de manding the civility. Mr. Cleaveland banded her down from the waggon at lust, with a pressure of the hand that she felt like a burn long after, and she was on the piazza they had left an hour ago. Nothing was much' changed in that hour. The Spencer girls were fanning themselves and chattering to her aunt and a young lieu tenant ; Miss Anthony was walking up and down, flirting her huge Oriental fan over a now arrival ; and Delgrado was sitting beside J ulia Le Moyne and holding a skein of the bright-coloured flosses that she was winding for her work ; groups were gathering here and there, coming, in from the beach and down from the' upper rooms; and the gong was ' sounding for dinner. They all went in together. Mrs. Montgom ery with her head up, and Alice with hers down. She played with her plate and spoon, sent one thing after another way untasted, and sat thero silent and whito as if she wero awaiting execu tion. "It is all right," thought Mrs. Mont gomery, eating her own dinner with a relish. " Sho has evidently accepted him. Alico is a sensible girl. I was pretty sure she would. Now we must set at work to interest her in it. Poor child 1 that is just the way I should have felt thirty years ago if I had had to give up Montgomery for Mr. Greenbrier, and the way I am inclined to feel now to think I didn't. Ah, well, how we do change 1 This thing is like the measles— if it doesn't strike in she'll bo over it presently, and in the courso of a dozen years she'll bo a widow with an immense fortune, and will thank me for it. And then she can marry twenty Delgrados if she wants to 1" said this dreadful woman to horself. " Alice dear," she said to her charge, " do try this dish. It will give you an appetite. Mr. Delgrado is drinking wine with you." Alice looked up hurriedly, aud caught Delgrado's eyo fastened on her with a singular look, half wonder, half displeasure. She lifted the glass that had just been set down beside her plate, and her hand shook, and sho spilled the whole of it upon her skirt, and stood up, h'umcdly gathering the stained muslin about her as she left the room. " What is a stained muslin more or less to Mr. Cleaveland's wife?" thought Mrs. Montgomery, as sho continued her repast composedly. But Alico bad not reached the staircaso when Delgrado was beside her. Gallantry might have sent him after her ; but gallantry made no face so intense, no eyes so burning. " What does it mean?" he demanded. "You pass me without seeing mo ; you drive with him, that Cyclops ; you spill the wine I send you for an excuse to leave the room 1 Are you ill, or are you—" " Please, Mr. Delgrado 1" said Alice, looking up with piteous eyes ; and he stood aside directly for her to pass up the staircase. Sho came down again soon in another dress, and slipped out of a side-door, and ran down to the shore, wrapping her white cloak about her. Sho wanted to be alone, and she knew her aunt would be up presently, eager to know tho whole. It was just at sunset, and the tide that had left a boat aground was stealing up about it now. Alice stepped into the boat, and went out to the stern, where sho seated herself, looking across the sea, and feeling tho little lap of the ripple under her — safe enough, sinco tho anchor was thrown high upon the sand, even though the boat were presently afloat. She was trying to compose hor thoughts and to understand things, and the wash of the tide prevented her hearing a footstep, till suddenly the boat tilted, as some ono sprung into it with the little.anehor in hand, and, without a sylla ble, began to run up the sail, that filled aud swelled aud swung them round, and took thera out into the deep water of the placid cove before Alice could do more than exclaim. "Port your helm 1 " cried Delgrado then. "It is always bost to take what you want without asking. I thought, if I asked, you would perhaps refuse to sail alone with mo to night. Now I will take the tiller, and thero is my cloak spread for you to sit on." " But, Mr. Delgrado, indeed — " " Wo shall never have, a better night for sailing," ho said. " Pray sit down, or you will be overboard, and then it will be in all tho papers." She had been on tho water so much that summer that she could manage a sail horself, and it did not need her boatcraft to tell hor that there was nothing for hor to do but obey. Sho seated herself, and leaned back, and look ed away into the distant horizon again, and thought sho would enjoy these fow moments without reflection. " You are tired 1 " said Delgrado, gazing at her with wistful eyes. "That is right. Rest." And so the little sloop wont beating to and fro, always near the shore, like a bird in search of prey ; nnd neither of them spoke ; only Alice felt that Delgrado was looking at her with strange, oagor, tender eyos, and her cheek hung out a blushing colour as answer ing signal that sho know it. " How I love tho sea 1 " said Delgrado at last. " It is tho grave of my sister, whom I never saw." "You must resemble hor," snid Alice, look- ing an instant at his face, that Bhono iu a dark beauty, ringed about with tho western lie-lit. " Do you think so ? Once I had a droam of her, with so pale a faco and such soft eyes, the wet curls hanging round them 1 But I have thought that she must be like you," said he, half shyly, and turning quickly from his survey of Alice. "At any rate, I love her." " Perhaps that is why you love the sea — because it is her grave." "No ; it is the first thing I remember," said Delgrado, leaning on his tillor — "sitting on deck, and its blue walls soeming to lift up all round rao into tho sky. And then nights, being carried in a sailor's arms down narrow streets and wharves, or else out upon long, low reefs, and off in a boat, with measured oars, till tho dark hulk of a ship began to rise, and I was handed up her side, and cord age began to croak, and we were rocking from wave to wave. What waters they were there, swinging up and down in such great clear masses and colours 1 Such wonderful birds flew over us, too, when we wore not a league from shore, and wo sailed through such streaks of fragrance 1 " said Delgrado, while he drew in a full breath, as if he would inhale the spicy wafts once more. "But the splendid thing was always the sea," he said. " Some times it seemed to be only the water of a pink topaz, sheets of it, sunshine sifted all through it, or else its colour was a bery-blue ; and in another place a pale flame of chrysolites ; at twilight a whole world of amethyst." "A beggar would bo rich sailing there," said Alice, feeling some blind necessity of keeping the conversation at this pitch. "I should think the life so long ago down there would seem like a dream to you." " And it does. Sometimes I feel that I must go and see whether the place is still there or not. Eor we have all to live our own lives. I would go to- morrow, to-night, Aliee, if you would go with me." He glanced up and saw a quick colour doepen in her cheek. This was, in fact, the moment he had been waiting for, the thing he had eome for. With Delgrado the flash and the report wero the same thing. In a twink ling the boat had gOHe about again, the sail had shot out on the running rope like a white oloud; they were flying before the breeze toward the point where a streak lay like' a ; blue crevasse betwixt the whitecaps always' tossing their plumes there, down the tortuous passage, and into open sea. Alice was silent' lying back in tho boat. Now she heard tho long waves plunging upon one another, and the shore resounding with the shock ; now the wild salt breath of the outer stretches was blowing freshly about her temples ; they wero mounting and falling on the groat swell off the two horns of tho curving island, and one broad billow throw them to the next like a bubble. The town lay upon the hill-side far away behind the island, with tho blue vapour3 drifting in and out of the streets ; Wildriver Beach lifted its silver edge upon tho sky; a rosy sunset flushed half heaven behind them as they were buoyed along ; then a great moou swung up out of a sky beneath the sea, and laid her highway of lustre along tho dim waters. All around them the murmur of the depths and the horizons rose in a vast, faint music. " We are all alone 1 " criod Delgrado. "How alone 1 And we are nover going back 1 " "Delgrado!" " Never going bnck 1 " ho said, grasping tho rudder handle more firmly, and looking before him. " At least not for many years." "Do not jest so," said Alice. "It is really time we turned now. My aunt will be so worried, and I know I ought not to bo hero. Only it is delicious ; but then we have all the way back, you know." " We are never going back 1 " repeated Delgrado, distinctly. "I am afraid we shall loso tho tide if we do not go about now, end we really must turn, if you please," porsisted Alice, though her voice trembled the least in the world, and sho sat up and looked about hor. Delgrado did not reply at once. Ho took out his hnndkerchief and tied down the tiller strongly ; then he crossed over and seated himself opposite Alice a moment. "You do not understand me ; you do not believe me," he said. "But I moan it. We are not going back. Wo are making directly for tho cape. You shall go on shore with me there, and the clergyman shall work his miracle — and then the world before us 1 Am I going back to lot you escape me, to expose you to the tempta tion of that purse again ? Do you suppose I did not know what was happening, that I had- no senses, no suffering ? Oh, never, never 1 For what would you have, Alice, when we lovo — when I am sure — when wo know wo love each other so 1 " The impersonation of impassioned splendour, Delgrado's face was close before her. And as for herself, had she not been his from tho first smile that beamed on her? She stood up in the boat an instant. On the sweet laud-breozo blowing by them therecamoa sceut of flowers. Tho thought of her window-garden and hor home came with it : tho little wiudow- garden by which her kind ancle was perhaps this moment sitting, sad and solitary, in tho twilight — he who had been father and mother both. Could she leave him in this heartless way to his Ionoly life and his bickering wife, instead of taking hiin stop by step along with her into hor own now life '( Instead of tears upon hor cheek, they wore sparks of fire. Sho had sprang past him, had torn off tho hand kerchief aud cast it loose, had- bent down tho tiller with all her strength upou it ; the sail had flappod and shaken and crashed ovor on tho othor side, and tho boat, just missing a capsize, darted along on tho shoreward tack, with the dark water rushing in over the gun wale, righting herself, and bearing down upon tho breakers of the Wildriver Beach, and going like tho wind that followed hor. Delgrado did not move for some moments. Ho staid as he was, looking at hor, white in the moonlight against- the purple of the dark ening sea. Then, at last, he rose. "You shall have your way, Alice, on one condition," ho said, in a restrained voice. " Look thero below : every wave as it runs scatters gold, but down in its dopths what blackness 1 And I — I will drop inysolf ovor the side, I will divo into those dopths, I will drown there in the blackness, just as surely as you do not promiso me that — somo time — somo time, Alice — " He was mad enough to do as ho said ; Bhe i saw that in tho fixod face, in tho two oyes blazing like a wild creaturo's. She shivered, hearing the water seethe ns it closod over the i gash the swift keel cut ; then, hesitatingly and slowly, she reached back hor hand. "Promise mo 1 " heoxclaimed again — " pro mise that somo time — " " You do not need to make me promise, Dolgrado," sho said. " But — somo time — " He was down bofore her iu the wot boat, soizing the cold little knnd and holding it against his cheek, that was burning now, sobbing like some sudden tropioal storm, and nover saying another word till, guided more by lovers' luck than skill, tho bows of the boat slid deep into tho sand, and the sail went loose. Thou he lonped out and hold his arms for Alico, and kept hor poised one momont there above him. "You are just as much my wife 1 " he passionately breathed. "I thought it was your boat, Delgrado, walking ovor tho wator like a ghost," said Mr. Cleaveland, rising on tho vision like a ghost himself. " Mrs. Montgomery has been in great alarm ; she has dispatchod eveiy body in all directions. Miss Alico, shall I tako you to your aunt ? Your uncle has just arrived." Alico waited for no moro, but ran up bofore him, fleet-footed, and met hor uncle coming, half-way down. "Oh, Uncle Martin, Bend him away, send him away 1 " she cried, with breathless inco herence. " Don't let him ever speak to mo again. My annt would have made me marry him if I had not gone out in the boat. I don't know what Bhe will say when I tell her 1 " cried the child, half under her breath, her face all rosy and glorified with its tears and smilos in the moonlight. "But, oh, uncle 1 you will not oare if I marry Delgrado ? " And then she hid the face in the great rough ancle's breast. " My dear ohild," whispered Mr. Mont gomery, folding her in his arms, and reaching a hand to Delgrado, who had distanced Mr. Cleaveland in the race, " he doesn't know it — but I sent him here on purpose !"— -Harper' 3 Magazine. 