CHAPTER 17. PACÍ TO TACT. Had Olivia, Lady Charteris, really grown ut- terly heartless ? Had she entirely forgotten the child she had deserted fourteen years before? Was she a living woman, with a heart of stone ? There were people who said so, people who said her natara was as cold and colorless as her pale unsmiling face, people who said she loved neither hasbtnd nor child. Perhaps those people were right in the last surmise. Her estrangement from Sir Vane Charteris, the whole world was welcome ti know, so far as she was conoerned. They dwelt under the same roof, they were out- wardly civil to eaoh other, the husband indeed more than civil, assiduously polite and deferen- tial to his Btatue of a wife ; but for all that they were to all intents and purposes as widely sun- dered as the poles. It had been so since the birth of little Maud-no one knew the cause. They met by ohanoe-on the stairs, or in the passages, (the only places they ever met alone,) and the lady swept by with head erect and lashes proudly drooping, shrinking back lest he should touch the hem of her garments. When he addressed her at the dinner-table her answers were always monosyllabio, and she never looked at him. It was a oorious study to watoh them-she as oold, as lifeless to him as the Diana of the Louvre, whom people said she resembled ; he with the red glow of suppressed fury and mortification ri- sing in the sullen depths of bis black eyes. Whose fault was it ? Well, as is generally the oase, the wife carne in for the heaviest share of the blame. She was an ioiele, not a woman. She was a marble statue, not a wife. Sir Vane -was he not always bland, always sociable, always débonnaire, the most delightful of men ? But opinions differed. Thoae delightfully social and brilliant men, in publie, are sometimes intensely selfish and oruel husbands in private ; and there was a gleam in Sir Vane's black eyes -an expression «boat his heavily-oat month that made some fastidious natures shrink away with repulsion, only to look at. Once, and once only, Lady Charteris had spoken of the estrangement to Lord Montalieo, whom she esteemed most of all meo she knew, when he had striven (very faintly) to bring about a reconciliation. "Sir Yane Charteris has insultadme, my lord," Lady Charteris said. " Women of my race have given back death before now for less insulting words. If I were on my death-bed, ind he knelt before me, I would not forgive bim." And the dark eyes had dilated, and filled with so terrible a light, and over the pale face came . glow so deep, so burning, that Lord Montalien knew she meant it. He bowed his head, and said no more, and from that hour nerer tried the role of peacemaker again. Tor little Maud, she was her father in minia- ture-the same black eyes and hair, the same features, the same nature. She was his IdoL She had not a look of her mother, and he exulted in it. She was all his own. Could Olivia Charteris, hating the father, love the child? And the little girl, clinging to her father, never seemed to have any speoisl love left for the mother. It was an odd, abnormal state of things altogether, and yon see people were more than half right in calling Lady Charteris a cold, un- loving wife and mother. But the ohild of her love, of .Robert Lisle Mai.was quite another matter. Her rery lore for that child had made her gire it away, to strangers, out of the clutches of her unole and husband. "Had fourteen years steeled her heart there, as well ? Duke Mason, standing before her in the twilight of the fete day at Montalien Priory, knew better. Such passionate, yearning lore as the eyes fixed on the fair young girl in white expressed, he had nerer seen in all his life before, except onoe-once, in an .upper chamber of a boase in Park Lane, where a mother wept over the ohild she waa resigning, perhaps forever. They stood faee to face, there ander the {(reen trees of the park, and knew eaoh other. Thus they met again. Duke turned cold all orer as he Blood there. The hour dreaded unutterably had come. The mother had found har child. Her eyes spoke to him; they said/' Stay" as plainly as words. Polly was whirling away in the dance again. Guy Earlsoourt was waiting with weary resignation to be led whithersoever her ladyship willed. They moved on, her dress -brushed him, her lips whispered " Wait " They disappeared in the silvery doak, and Dake wss alone. He sat down on one of the raslie seats and stared blankly about him. The lights, the people, the music, all were ¿boord and tumult. He was overdue at the Speokbaveu Lyceum. What did that signify? Polly's mother had found her but-was, in all likelihood, about to take her away. Polly !-the light of their household-the joy of his life-who had loved, and admired, and tormented him for fourteen happy years. Polly, who toasted his muffins, and upset his paint pots, and made fun of his pictures, and worked bim pretty neckties, and went singing through their humble home, like some fair Esmeralda. " I will nerer gire ber up," thought Dake, doggedly ; " she has no right to take her away. Til nerer gire the Daohess up unless-unless she wants to go"-and at that thought Duke broke down. Polly would go-Polly, whose dream of life was to he " a lady"-who loved dress and adornments with the intense lore of girlhood-yes, Polly would go. The trees, the dancers, swam before poor Duke's eyes in a watery mist. His thoughts went bask to last winter, when the small-pox, that loathsome enemy, had come to Speekharsn. Dake had taken it-Dake took everything it Was possible to take, ever since when at six months he had had the measles-and through dismal days «and siokening nights Polly had nursed him, and sat up with him, end bathed his disfigured face and hands, and knew neither weariness nor disgust. She had done the same for Alioe Warren, nursing her through it in spite of everybody. And she had nerer taken it; her perfect health, her splendid vitality, ber utter fearlenne» had »atti ber. How brave olio was ! What a great, gonerous heart abo possessod ! People called her vain. Well, perhaps, she was Her glass showed her a »barron faoe, and she loved beauty in all things. She might be rain of that piquant face, but how bravely she bad risked its beauty for those she loved ! She was wilful, and wayward, and rsokless, and 'something of a " tomboy," as Elisa Long had oalled her ; but-" dod bless her I dod Almighty bless her !" thought Dake Mason, and the tears were standing big and bright in his honest eyes ; "and if she wants to go, she shall go, and I'll oerer grieve her by letting her see how it breaks my heart." ' The summer light had faded entirely out of the sky, and the moon, and the stars, and the Chinese lanterns had it all their own way ; aod still Duke sat, and waited as patiently now as be had dene fourteen years before, in the elm tree, for Olivia Lyndith. A oold band falling on his* own aroused him the same ebill touch that had startled Lord Mon talien's favourite son-and turning round, he saw in the night light Lady Charteris. She looked like a spirit-so white, so unearthly her blaok eyes wild «nd solemn. She had thrown a scarlet cashmere over her dark dress, and her small faoe shone from the rich red folds like a wan star. " Come !" she said-"come with me !" Her cold fingers still held his hand. Dake shuddered at their touch. He was in no way fanoiful, but just then he remembered legends of pale water-spirits bearing away hapless mortals to their doom. She led bim away from the noise and the people, down a green aisle, in whose sombre darkness a murder might have been oommitted. One or two red lamps flickered luridly athwart the blackness, »nd a nightingale piped its sweet, mournful lay somewhere in the stillness. Even the braying of the brass band carne faint and far-off, here. She olasped both hands around that of her prisoner, and the dark, spectral eyes fixed themselves apon bis face. v'« Sha bj mine I-my daughter !-my ohild I whom I gara yon fourteen years ago?" "She's." " Yaa hare oared for her all those years 1 She has grown up like that-strong, and tall, and healthy, and beautiful-beautiful as Ac was, and like him, and like him ?" " Well, yes," Mr. Mason responded, thonght folly/and qaite forgetting himself, " she trlike him, and when her face is Washed, the Duchess ien't a bad-looking girl."" There was a vision before him as he spoke Miss rolly, in the kitchen on washing, ironing and baking days, with spots of soot on her oval cheeks, and perennial smudge» of grime on her pretty Grecian nose. Indeed, it seemed on these occasions-as the young lady herself observed, with au injured air-that Bhe couldn't so much as look at a pot or a kettle without half the black flying off and transferring itself to her counten- ance. " Does she knew-who does she think she ia ?" the lady hurriedly asked. " She thinks she is Polly Mason, an orphan, the child of a dead cousin of mine. The Duchess hasn't a notion of who she really is." "ThewAoi?" " J, beg your pardon, my lady-I oall her the Duchess, because she looks like one-not that I ever was personally acquainted with any duchess," Dake pat in parenthetically. " She «ailed herself Polly ; bat I nerer took kindly to the name of Polly " " Her name is Panlina " "Yes," said Dake, forgetting himself, for the second time, " I know it is. He said so.'' " Who said so ?" The solemn, dark eyes were fixed on his faoe, the friendly darkness hid the guilty red that flashed it at the question. " Who said so ? who could know her name V the lady demanded, suspioiously. "It was-it was a siek man, who stopped with as, when she carne," stammered Dake, who nerer could leam the manners of good society, and tell polite lies, " be suggested that her name might be Paulina?" , " How should he think of it-who was this siok man ?" " His name was Hawksley, my lady." Duke's heart was throbbing against his ribs. If she only knew ! " If she asks questions enough, she will surely find out," he thought, with an inward groan. " I naver could stand pumping." Bat my lady's thoughts had drifted aWay to more important things than sick men by the name of Hawksley. " Why did you leave London ?" she asked ; " do yon know I wrote to the old address twice, and my letters were returned. The last fell into the hands of Sir Vane-and there was a scene j" she twisted her fingers together as though in pain, "and I nerer dared write again. I would rather hare seen my darling dead than that be should find her out. Oh, my Heaven ! if be should recognise the resemblance, and disoorer her identity, eren now. He knew there waa,a child--he knows I hare hidden her away. If he should find out ! if be should fiad oat 1" She clasped her bands around Ms arm and looked np at him, with a face of mortal dread. " H« will not find oat, my lady," Duke said, quietly, " if you do not betray yourself. How should be-she is Polly Mason, the orphan cousin of a poor scene- painter, and for the resem- blance, he will not see it, as yon do. You do not," he half gasped, as he asked the question. " Yon will not take her away, my lady ?" " Take her away !" repeated Lady Charteris; "never, say friend-my good, kind, faithful friand ! Do yon lore her ?-tell me-is she indeed dear to yon ? Would it griers 50a to gire her up?" " My lady, nothing on earth eonld griers me so deeply. I don't know how a father may feel for an only ohild, bat I know no father in this world could lore a daughter more than I lore Polly " " And your sister-the lores her too V "8he is the torment and the idol of my sister's life. Every one lores the Duchess." She pat her hands over her face. Tears were falling-the happiest Lady Charteris had ever shed. When she looked up, she was ineffably calm in the dusk. " I hare been prayiog for my darling," she whispered. " Oh, God keep her-God proteot ber-pure from the world-safe from her ene- mies 1 " Her enemies-she has none." " She has a terrible enemy while Sir Vane Charteris,lives. Sare her from him. Look, Mr. Mason! I was an heiress-it was for my fortune my nnele persecuted me, Sir Vane married me. That fortune waa so left me that it falls to my eldest ohild at my death. He idolises his doughter-it is his ambition that she shall maka a lofty marriage-be has become almost a miser that she may be a great heiress. And Paulina is my eldest ohild-to Paulina it shall all go at my death-if they eannot prove my first marriage illegal and her illegitimate. I speak oalmly of these things, my friend, I hare thought of them so often. Paulina »í/í inherit in spite of him-the marriage toas legal, I know. I have consulted lawyers on the subjeot. One hair of her head is dearer to me than a dozen Mauds-it may be wrong, I cannot help it. At my,death Paulina will come into an income of nina thousand a year-hit daughter will not inherit a shilling. It is well he has enfilaient for har. He is a bad, bold, unscrupulous man, who spares neither man nor woman in his wrath. I telL.yoo.tbis because you know how he mar- ried me, while I loathed bim, and told him I loathed bim. A man who would stoop to such a marriage would stoop to anything. Wonld Paulina be safe, think you, then, in his power ? We only remain here a week-or two-keep her away from this place daring that time. He suspects me now ; since our return to Eng- land he has watched me as a oat watches a mouse. I don't know what he suspects, what he fears, but it ia so. Even now I may be missed-he may be searohing for me. Mr. Mason I think I am the most wretohed woman the wide earth holds-I think my heart broke sixteen years ago wnen they told me my darling was dead. The only creature in this world whom I lore is yonder, and I dare not speak one word to her, dare not gire her one kiss for her father's sake." She covered her face again, and broke out into sobbing-wild, hysterioal, bat suppressed sob- bing. Alas 1 long years ef pain, of surveillance, bad taught her, that even grief was a luxury sha must net indulge in. Dake had nothing to say ; a woman orying, mads him cold and hot, by tarns. He wasn't mach ased to it-Rosanna waa superior to orying as to all other weaknesses of her wretohed sex, and for Polly's tears, though they made him ex- quisitely miserable at the'time, they were speed- ily dried. ,They were'generally iears of rage, indeed, not of sorrow, and as she scolded vehe- mently all the while she wept, it was not in the nature of things her tempesta could last long their very viólense used them up. Bat this was something different, this waa sorrow of whioh the maa knew nothing, and ha shrank away, with a strong desire, to take to- bis beela, and escape. Some intuition told her it pained him -she dropped her hands, and smiled through her tears. " I have no right to distress you," sha said sweetly, " you who ara my best-my only friend -the only friend at least whom I can trust with the secret of my life. Tell me of my child-is she truthfnl, is she generous, ia she noble hearted, is she amiable, is she io a word, Uko her father ?" Amiable? Well Duke wasn't prepared to say that Polly was on all occasions. She had a tongue and a temper beyond a doubt ; sha had a will of ber own too, and made most people mind her. But-and Duke Mason's faoe lit np, and his eyes glowed, and great love made him eloquent, and he piotured Polly, to Polly's mother, as he saw her-the bravest, the hand- somest, the most generous and loving little girl in Great Britain. " Thank God !" the mother said. " Thank God! And thank yon, who have been har father and friend, for so many years. Keep her still-keep her until I die and she comes into her fortune. She will be able to reward you then.-" "I hope that day is very far off. I don't want any reward for keeping the Daohess. Life without her would not be worth the hav- ing." " Teach her what you can-I cannot even give you a paltry hundred, or two, for that. I bave not a sovereign without the knowledge of Sir Vane Charteris-not a trinket that he would not miss. I am poorer than she is, Mr. Mason." " Ob Polly isn't poor," cried Dake, forgetting himself for the third time, " thanks to Hawks ley's generosity, she has seven hundred pounds in the Speokhaven Bank." " Who is this Mr. Hawksley," asked Lady Charteris, with renewed suspicion ; " who knows Paulina's name, and gives her seven hundred pounds ? What does it mean ?" " What a dolt-a dunderhead, I am !" thought Duke, ready to bite bis own tongue off. " I've get myself into a pretty mess now ! " My Lady," he said aloud, " Mr. Hawksley is only a very generous and eooentrio young man, who took a fancy to Polly's pretty face when a baby, and sends her a Christmas present of fifty pounds from the California gold diggings every year. He was just from the States, you see, and I dare- say that's bow he carne to guess her name." She had not the faintest snspioion of the truth, and this very lnoid explanation satisfied her. " Be is very kind" she said ; " take the money then, and eduoäte the child as befits her birth and the station she will one day fill. And now" -she laid her hand upon his arm and drew nearer to him-" a last favor, a strange request," she added, as she felt how Dake must be won- dering ; " but I dare not venture to go in day- time. He would suspect something. He is always suspecting. And at night I tear to go alone. Not. the cavalier's ghost," with a faint smile, "but the people I might meet at that hour. Will you be my esoort to-morrow uight ?" " Certainly, Lady Charteris." " I go at night because, when all have retired, I am free-only then. And I go for something I left behind me in my flight fourteen years ago -ah, yon remember that night ? My husband's | miniature,-my lost husband's-Sir Vane Char- teris is only that in name-some letters-trin- kets-the few presents he ever gave me. They are dearer to, me than anything in the world, except his child. I had them ready, and forgot them somehow that night in my haste. They may have been removed, but I think not-I left them in the secret drawer of on Indian cabinet, and I know none of the large furniture was ever taken from the Grange At twelve to-morrow night I will be at the gates-will yon meet ma there ?" " I will." She took his hand, and kissed it, as she done that night long ago in the waiting-room at the railway. "Heaven bless you, best of friends. And I now most leave you-he has mûaed me long ere this." She flitted away with the words, and he was left alone ander the red lamps and nightingale's jug-jag. He looked at his watch-nine o'clock-the first aot would bs over; but better late than never. The first violinist of the Lyceam strode away at a tremendous rate toward the theatre. Precisely at midnight, the following night, Dake, in a light wagoo, was waiting outside the ponderous gate of the Priory. Were his nootur nal adventures never to end, Duke wondered, and what would Bosanna say to morrow when she found his bed unslept in ? Lady Charteris was punotual, and he drove her along through the quiet night to the-haunted Grange. " You had better wait outside," the lady said, " and keep watch. I know bow to effect an entrance, and I am not in the least afraid." She approaohed the house with a rapid and resolute step. She might be afraid of Sir Vane Charteris, she oertainly was not of supernatural visitants The open window caught her eye, the clambered up the ivy-rope ladder, and en- tered. The moon chanoed to be obscured, and the figure asleep in the ohair escaped ber eye. She carried with her a dark-lantern, whioh she lit now, and passed out of the apartment and np-stairs to the chamber that had long ago been her own. She was right in her surmise. The Indian oabinet had not been removed. She found the spring she wasted, the drawer flew out ; there lay the cherished packet. She caught it up, thrust it into her bosom, and rapidly de- scended. le was then ber footsteps awoke the sleeper. She opened the door. Polly was standing ereet, and very wide-awake now. Lady Charteris paused on the threshold with a low, startled cry. There, in the hoose in whioh she had been bom, sixteen years ago this rery month, child and mother stood face to faoe ! j (To be continued.) 