MR. FAIRCLOUGH'B RECITALS. A large and fashionable audience, including Bis Excellency tbe Governor and suite, occupied the chairs at White's Booms to greet tbis gif tod actor on Wednesdav eveninir. when he made his first appearance as a public reader. i*rom his entrance to his final exit tho applause was loud and continuous; indeed at times it was enthusiastic, and Mr. Fairclough was compelled to come again before the footlights and bow his acknowledgments. The first four pieces on the programme were well-known selections from favourite Shaksperian tragedies, in which the gentleman has lately appeared at the Royal. Despite tbe disadvantages under which the performer labours when presenting isolated passages from a long drama, disentegrated of plot, and consequent want of explanatory con text, absence, of scenery, costume, and stage effect, yet, as was conclusively proved last evening, it is only necessary that he should be a true and thorough artist, and these disadvan tages entirely disappear— and we almost question whether in an aesthetic sense an improvement is not actually effected by leaving all surroundings to the unaided imagination of the onlookers, The attention is not distracted by trivial acces sories, which to some extent only tend to materialize the poetry of * the concep tion. Tbe first piece was ' Othello's Address to the Senate.' This Mr. Fairclough gave in the quiet, dignified manner which we have already favourably noticed in the critique on ' Othello/' Then followed the dagger soliloquy from 'Macbeth,' in which Mr. Fairclough's great mobility of feature stands him in good stead. The struggle in the ambitious regicide between his mental cowardice and physical bold mess was displayed with a masters hand; the passion was most intense, but carefully restrained from 'overstepping the modesty of nature.' The famous monologue, ' To be or not to be,' would no doubt, from the originalitp of its rendi tion, taken many by surprise who had not before seen Mr. Fairclough's Hamlet. The sitting posture, the low, even tone of voice, with but slight inflection, were all new. When, however, it is considered that a man sadly communing with himself would not be likely to attitudinize or use elocutionary effect, but that his thoughts would rather race rapidly through h?s mind, and, if expressed at all, would be spoken iu a low voice and with an even intonation, it must bo conceded that there is a strong air of reality in Mr. Fairclough's reading. The closet scene was admirably managed. In a few clear stage direc tions, Mr. Fairclough put plainly before the audience the action of the drama at the opening of the scene. Be then assumed the characters of Polonius, tho Queen, the Ghost, and Hamlet, and, though Mr. Fairclough's voice does not permit of a great diversity of tone, he kept the various dramatis persona tole rably distinct, aud when in his own part of the Prince he quite carried his hearers by storm by his superb acting and faultless elocution. The second part of the bill consisted of readings from Byron, Macaulay, Hood, Poe, and Tenny son. Of these decidedly the gem for effect was Poe's sombre poem 'The Raven.' Though this piece has been done to tatters at Young Men's Societies and public readings for yearn, it came with a freshness from the lips of the reader last night that renewed its first interest, and brought out as is seldom done the shadowy allegcry which it contains. The next in poiut of excellence was Hood's pathetic 'Bridge of Sighs.' Into this Mr. Fairclough infused a tone of such exquisite sympathetic tenderness as to bring tears to the eyes of niauy present. The other readings given were Byron's 'Night before Waterloo,' Macaulay's 'Battle of Ivry,' 'Saul's address to bis Chiefs' by Byron, the ' Fall of Hennacheiib' by the same author, and Tennyson's 'Charge of the Light Brigade.' There was a slight hitch in one pioca owing to a lapse of memory on the part of the reciter, and also one or two little inaccuracies in the verses; but as we believe the getting up of the entertainment has been rather hurried, this is perhaps excusable, and will no doubt be rectified on the next night. A most enjoyable evening was spent by all present, and we think that a good house may with little doubt be antici pated for Friday. Mr. E. S. Hall presided at the piano, and contributed a number of musical selections between the readings. 