ARRIVAL OF THE CALIFORNIA N MAIL. By tho Afacedon, steamer, which arrived from Sydney last night, wo have Auckland papers, containing the news brought by the Tartar from San Francisco. Wo give the following ex tracts : — DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S AIARRIAGF.. xno marriage ceremony of tbe Duke of Edin burgh and the Princess Marie commenced at noon on the 23rd January, in tbe presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in tbo Winter Palace and tho surrounding galleries. Tbe ladies were sumptuously attired ; tho prevailing cos tumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were vel- vet aud diamonds Tho men were in uniform, with the exception of tho American diplomatist. After assembling, a procession was formed with the grand equerries, chamberlains, and other officers of the Court. Leading them came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Fnncess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Qer many and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore i naval uniform; The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of tho Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imperial Kussian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, tho Prince of Wales tho scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian colonel. AIL were decorated with the Kussian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace \ tho Imperial German Princess was dressed in tho same stylo ; the Russian Princess's dress was hluo velvet and gold. Frihoo Arthur acted as one of tbe groomsmen. AH woro silverweilding favors. Tho procession, upon reach ing tho Russian church, was received by tho metropolitan head of the Russian Church of the . y 8yll0(l, bearing crosses nnd sacred vessels with holy water. Tho Emperor conducted tho bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, assuming his station, with tho Empress immediately behind. Around tho bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes, The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were de posited on the altar temporarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The mag nificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson, and gold cornet ; the pillars and nltar were covered with gold. Tho Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair, Frinco Artliut holding the crown over tlio Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that ovor the bride. The Ini! perial Confessor then said: "Thou servant ot God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Afaria Alexandra, in tho name of tho Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. ' Prince Arthur, becoming tired of hold ing the heavy crown, was reliovcd. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, wore read. After the reading was concluded the marriago of Cana of Galilee was read. The crowns were removed, and tlie mar ried couple walked tlirice round the .raised dais, holding to tlio tip of tbo confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the othor. At tho conclusion of this ceremony tlio sacramental oup was brought forward, blessed and par taken of by the bridal pair, the confessor pre senting the cross, which both kissed. Afterward the choir sang " Glory to Thee, O Lord I" con cluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek sirvices. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of West- iiiinster- Abbey, officiated. The walls were de- etfrafSd with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnisation of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and woo now appeared on tbo altar wearing an Episcopal sur plice with a jewelled collar of tbe Order e>f Bath around bis neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English consuls wore gathered on the left of tbo nUnr <1. spicuous among them was Governor Jewett, tbo American Minister, Lord Loftus, tbe English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many Eng lish officers in full costume were also present. Especially notablo was the venerable Prince GortBhakofT, surrounded by leading members of the Kussian nobility. Tho Episcopal chants were fiven by Kussian chorister lads, in long crimson resses. When tbe marriage procession entered, the brido walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding accord ing to tho form enjoined in tho book of Common Prayer, Tbe delivery of tlio final benediction, "God tho Father, God tho Son, God tho Holy Ghost |blcss,f preserve, and help you," was especially touching. Tho services boing concluded, Dean Stanley con- gatulated the newly-married couple. Several oman Catholic dignitaries wero present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced ; tbo bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely, palo, and delicate. The Gorman Crown Princess looked healthy— the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. Tbe Prince of Wales was apparently on oxcellent terms with tho German Prince, and jboth looked well. During tbo ceremony in tho English chapel the Empress of Russia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome, and mado a motion of holding a hankerchief .to her eyes, when the married couple saluted her. Tho ceremony being concluded, tho crowd dispersed. Thero was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place, and the general scene was one of splendid festi vity. The scone formed an extraordinary com bination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splen dor. After tbe marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at tho gorgeous hall. At tho close of the ball the bndal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and the officers of tho Court. The festivities were coxrti- tinued after tho retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. A complimentary dinner was given at Del- monico's, New York, by Mr. K. W. Cameron, tho eminent Australasian snipper of that city, to the Hon. Saul Samuel, Postmaster-General of New South Wales, and Afr. H. Hail, U.S. Consul at Sydney, and managing director of the Aus tralasian and American Mail Steamship Com pany. 