MISCKLLANEA. Tub Ortons.— Tho following is an extract from a letter which has just been recuirni tn Manchester :— ' Wltpa I m. hi Siugaporp, Mr Rmiih told ue a curious thing. Ho said hn had ln-nul at Government Ilauso a genUcmaii, ivVo uou jiiob Li,ii,w (ju^ iuid ui me xiuiiuurnc trial, and tio said he ItaJ her-n often in iviurt and had begun to donlit if thu claimant were an impriBtcr, as he tlianght it impossible to have sustained no long a false claim, &c;, and that if he hnii for gotten his Trench, he had wonderfully quickly picked up U e manners of a gontloinan and so on. Welt, a few days afterwards this gentleman wos in Uie well-known general emporium called Liulo'a, when ? man came in to in«!-e some purchases. ? Good heavens ! nho is that ?' snid the gcntloman lo a friend. ? Thai'. CapU Orion, couiniandiiig u coast steamer, a aun nf old Orton, the Wapping butcher,' was the reply. TU» gentleman said, ' I thought it was the daiinont or his ghost.' And ho no.\t awcc.rs thnt in his mind he has not the slightest doubt they are. brothers, lip Smith bbvs the likeness is wonderful, anil any photograph of the cluiimint would pass for a photograph of Captain Orton,' Tub Bakkhuitcv or 'the Claim ant.'— Mr Brown (Messrs. Lawrence, View, oi Co.) Iho representative or Ihe petitioning creditor in the ndjndicalion of the person described in these proceed ings ns 6ir Iloger Charles Doughty Tichbornc, bnt who is now ondorgoing his eentence of pcnM servitude fbr per. jury under tbc name of De Castro. orlherni-ie Orion, attcndeJ tho Bant ruptcv Court on May G, that being tl« day appointed for the adjourned fine meeting fur the appointment of a trustee. Tho cose has now been standing orer for more than two years— in the first place to await the result of tho trial for ejectment brought by the defendant ; and, secondly, to await the trial for perjury for assuming nnd signing tho name of Sir It. Tichbornc, and on oilier assignments of perjury, tho adjourn ment having been for throe lo tic months at a time. There was not a single creditor present, and, under those eircutustaucos, it was intimated tbat as there was no quorum the matter would In' duly reported to Ihe court to ascertain whether Hiu adjudication wuitl.l he annulled or whether the bank iilplcy would beenntiiiund to bn carried on under a registrar trustee. The sit llllU UIU IIUl Ut^llJ,^ I1JU1C H1BII u Uliim.u or two. An HxTRAonDiN.uiY Chew.— Tbe American ship Cultivator, Captain Coot, from 6an Francisco with a cargo of wheat to Queenstown for orders, recently orrived in that harbor. When tbe vessel was ready for pea at Son Francisco the captain went on board and found that his chief mate had gone ashore. The anchors wore got up, and the vessel pro ceeded without him ; and tho second mate, named M'Carlhy, was mode chief mate. After being three hoars at sea M'Certhy caught the boatswain stealing some clothes belongiug to the mate who was left behind. Ue immediately drew a 'revolver and shot the man, wboeipired iu ihrceiiours afterwards, Vbe Ameri can consul telegraphed to the Coneul Gcncral in London for instructions, and it is anticipated that M'Carthy will be sent to the States for trial . During the voyage home the cook became insane and jumped overboard. Another of the crew is on board insane, and has to bo kept under restraint. Ci'ttikim fhou 'Puiiua.' — Is the country short of competent Judges ? Is it found dilliculttoobtain fit Magistrates when vacanies occur ? Is the demand fur a good Lawyer greater than the supply of that valnablo and expensive article ? Tuese questions, which sug gest very serious reflections to the thoughtful uiiud, ore prompted by observ ing the following significant notice — 'Wanted firBt-closs Bench hands.'— Tlie publicans will never be fully satisfiod i'ilu uuy mmiauiuuuiutit; ui iucii unit.— Amended Proverb— for the season. (By a Helgravion Dowager) : Marria ges Biotiiiide in — London. — The Benefit of the Doubt : Ethel : 'And, O Momma, do you know a. no were coming along we saw a huiTid,horrid woman with a reJ striped shawl, drink something out ufa bottle, and then hand it to same men. I'm sure she was ti[Ky.' Bea trice (who always looks on tlie best side of things) : Perhaps it was only castor oil, niter all.'— When tho glaze on chinaware cracks, it is said technically to 'cruzed.' Hut what is the craze in ohl chins, or the cracks either, to those ui tue peoiiiu wiiv vuiii-i;i- it i^^urauu numtiia Cross : 'Grandma' Bruce sen I you lo bed nt twelve o'clock, but as you wore a very good last election, firumliin' Cross will let you slop up till half-past!' [Intense delight of the gool little Vitlcr.]— First Collier : Here comes t' new (Jangcr, Hill. Hast fioo heard, he doesn't drink, nur dog f'ight, an' goes to chu'eh ? Let's smash iui 1 ' Second Collier : ' Nn ay, ua-ay, lad, we've gotten B'lampane, and rides fust-class ; let's be ge-n'lemen, not loikc them scnlcmcsters 1 heard on t'other day at Kugl.y — ratten t'new Ganger !' ? 