\- FICTION. (Vmt Ka»!!«», Anetten, inlollur tatodlqali.) ALiiPfflÏHÊDAEK; W&SDSS; YET 370 WZFS. S y MB.& MAT AGNES FLEMING. \-- - PART H. ".A CHAPiea in, " Ut MIGHT IN THE HAUNTED OBANOB " The taue o'ciook sudsninestfeauiin^ in Polly's window1,'awoke her next morning. Polly, as a rule, was inolined to be lazy o' morning», hut brisk Rosanna routed her out without mercy at Jiix. To-day, ehe let her sleep. The obild hadn't F got home until half-past eleven-three miles, \ you know, on a lovely moonlight night, with a handsome joung mau beside jou, is a long walk/ Rosanna knew nothing of the handsome youag man, »be knew nothing of the hours during whioh little Polly tossed on her bed, and eould not ?leep. Sleep ! The red, the yellow, the purple lights Sashed before her, the band musio dashed in her ears» and the faces of Allan Fane and Guy Eerlsconrt swam in a golden mist. Her breast wa* full of delicious unrest; he waa ooraing to raorrow, and all the to-morrows, and this was bliss, this was love. Poor little Polly. All this glad tumult faded away in sleer,-she .woka with a sort of guilty start to see the new day's sunshine. She felt tired, and worn, and suddenly grown old. Yesterday she bad been . little girl running wild about the streets of Speckhaven, tearing her olotb.es, and tormenting Rosanna. She felt as if all that were over, as if . gulf lay between the Polly of yesterday and the Mita Masen of to-day. Yes, she was " Miss Mason;" they had called her so; ahe was a grown-up young woman*, whom gentlemen asked to dance, and nearly quarrelled over. She got sp slowly and dressed herself. How ugly her well- waihed, well-mended blue and white ging- ham looked ; how like a boy's was her Holland blouse, belted round her elim waist by a leather ?trap ! Why couldn't she wear pink silk like Miss Maud Charteris, and bind back her auburn locks with rosy ribbons ? Her face looked thin ssr and paler than ever in the garish morning «ran-she hadn't a trace of good looks about her. She ww what Eliza Long had called her, " a Ted-haired tomboy," and nothing more. Why -oh, why ! had she had her hair cropped ? Would Olive Neweome ever have worshipped Ethel, and Borneo ever have died for Juliet, if thoa« young ladies had had their bair dipped «lose to their'oraniumB? The reaction bad come, and Polly was miserable. Probably .soo would feel better after her breakfast; she said her prayers somehow, and went down. Dake was at work ia his painting-room, Rosanna waa .t work just outside the back door, up to her «lbows in suds. Polly's toast and tea awaited her, sod in «pite of her unhappiness about her looks, and her degraded state generally,-she ate three large sKeea, and drank ¿wo cups of tea. Then «he got her sun-hat an^ her drawing materials, and prepared to make »"-morning of it, as she .ften did under the greenwood tree, or down by the shore-sketching from nature. Rosanna looked up from her suds and interrupted. It wak wash-day. Would Polly just take off that hat, and put down that trumpery, and stay at home, and prepare the hash for dinner? Hash I Folly loathed the name of hash ; she abhorred the thought of wash-day 1 In that world where they, lived, that bright and beautiful world, of exquisite dishes in silver covers, of perpetual snowy linen, there were no snob, words M hash and wash-day. With a sick, spiritless feeling, she prepared to obey, and then Rosanna, taking a second look at her, saw her heavy eyes, sod pale sheeks, and languid movements, and grew alarmed. "There's what comes of gadding, and dan mug, and staying out till midnight. Look at that child's face 1" This to the elements, for there was no one except the cat to look. " Pat on your hat again this minute, and go .at, and try if the fresh air will blow a little life into your dead eyes and pale cheeks." " Yes/"Rosanna/. Polly said, with very un- wonted meekness, and went She did not go Jar, however. She perched herself on the garden wall, and went wandering off into a dreamy re- verie. The faces of yesterday shone before her ia the nnshiae-the darkling splendid face of Gay Barlscoart, with its brown, brilliant eyes, and l«y, beautiful smile. The face of Allan Fane, fair, womanish, perhaps, but eminently good-looking, and what Polly prized more, aris- tocratie. Tall, haughty Diana Hauttcn, dark, pensive Lady Charteris, little Miss Maud, with ker nee-silk and streaming ribbons. Such high- bred face« all, aueh lofty, high-sounding names And she waa Polly Mason Polly Mason, hone leuly vulgar, and common. " Z suppose I was christened Mary," the *^roung lady thought. " Mary's no great things, Vat it's better than P^ly." And then mechanioally she fell to drawing. The face that haunted her most was the face her pencil drew almost without volition of her own. The pencil sketch was careless and crude, but bold and fall of power ; so absorbed did she be- come over her work that she never heard ap- proaching footsteps, and a voice at her elbow raddsnly made her jump. "A'very good likeness, Miss Mason, but don't Íes think you have flattered a little-just a iltle-our friend Guy ?' I " Mr. Pane 1" Polly jumped from her"p«rehJ «iib a gup, and tried to hide away her draw- ing, in overwhelming confusion. What would ka think of her? What could he think but abat «be bad had the audacity to fall in lore with this splendid young guardsman, who had asked her fer unlimited dances, and then only waltsed with har twice ? But Mr. Fane set her at heraase*.' He did feel a twinge of jealousy «ba sparkling face had pursued him m dreams all night-it was each a rare faee-such a pifuaat faee. Prstty faees there were by the «sere, bat only one Polly Mason. ''Yon. promised to show me the seaside cave, where yo» and Miss Alice Warren used to play Robinson Crasos end Man Friday," he said, "and J^hayeCOB i to claim your promise. And ibis very aftermt n, Miss Polly, I mean to drive wim np to the P tory, and have our first sitting for th* faïrRos»çit>nd. Miss Hautton has been also kind enough to pose-for my Queen Elea- nor." "I think Qoc'en Eleanor must have looked like that," answered Polly, remembering the bangbty glance» Miss Hautton had east npon ber bombie sale yesterday. " She seems as though she eos, d give a rival that pleasant «bobe between the poison bowl and the dagger any day. No, fehank yon, Mr. Fane, I won't sake your arm,ooeople doo't do that ia Speek iaren, unless-^ she stopped and blushed " Unless what;, Miss Mason ? Unless they are engaged-is thi ' what yon mean ? I see it is. Ab I with a tilling glance under Polly's old .unbat. "That, Miss Mason, would be too .snub happiness" He really thrjught so at the moment When rabia young gentleman was fascinated by a pretty .girl he generally hunted down his prey with -something of «n Indian trapper's intensity. And the actist must admire those cloudless blue -ayes, that angelic mouth, those serene lines of iotnre beauty, let the man cling to Miss Hant ?ien's moaey-bsbs ever so olosely. Miss Long tXv them from her window, and sneered, and fcjjt bitterly envious, and more full «f hatred towirds that "forward minx" than £«r. They went down to the ees-ehore, where i long blu^-Kiir-esjsaaaed up on the sands, sea of gold and fire, where the fishing-boats glided and the fishermen on the hot sands sang as tbey mended their nets , What does Byron say of youth, and beauty, and the sea? a dan- gerous combination truly, ami she was romantio, and be was an artist : " How dose to the stars We seemed That night on the ¡«DUB by the tea." "If I could only paint sloth's-that sea of gold, that sky of ¿re and azure, those swarthy toilers of the deep, and you, Polly, and im- mortalize myself, and-and lay my laurel-orown at your feet." It was" the first time he "had called* her Polly, and even this was going tolerably fast. Her cheeks were'red enough now to suit Rosanna, nould she have seen tbem. And Mr Allan Fane pul'ed himself up with a gasp, feeling he was sinking into bottomless quagmires and quick- sands of untold danger. " Good Heaven 1" bo thought, " what am I saying to this child ? I shall be telling her I am in lore with her next. I might have known how it would be," Mr. Fane concluded rather dejectedly, " when I got her to bring me to this confounded place The sea-shore, a fine day, or a moonlight night, and a pretty girl, always did play the dickens with me, and, I daresay, always will." Mr. Fane seeing his danger, and wise from past, sad experience, shied off this dangerous ground, and betook himself to pleasant generali- ties. He was a good talker, as talking goes in general society, au fait of the last new opera, novel, aotress, and latest Paris fashion ; and all those topics were deliciously fresh and new to Polly. - Was this love at first sight, Polly wondered; and, straightway there arose before her a bridal visioöj-Mr. Allan Fane looking unutterably patrician, and she in floating white, with a point lace veil and orange blossoms, and the Speok haveu church thronged with eager, envious lookers-on ; and after that a rose-coloured life of perpetual Paris winters and London seasons, and new bonnets, and jewelry, and the opera, and balls- Speakhaven and washdays only a hideous memory of the past. They went into the seaside eave together, and the artist made a sketch of it and the girl, with the wida sea before her and the sunlight on her Bweet, fair face J . -And theo Mise1 Mason sang for bim, that he might hear the echo ring along the rocky roof, and Allan Fane wondered more and more. Suoh avoioe-rare, sweet, and powerful'. She -did not sing', " The Night Be- fore Larry Was Stretohed ;" Bhe sang the song young Quintín Durward listened to in rapture, so many years ago, in the quaint old French town ; arid her thoughts left, Allan Fane, and an olive i face shone before her, lit by two brown eyes-the face of 'Lord Mentalien's favourite son. *'Ahl County Guy! the hoar Is nigh, The ran hu left the lea. The eranie flower perfuma the bower. The breeaedl on the sea. The lara whose lay has thrilled all day, Sits Irashed, hi* partner nigh. Bree», bird, and dower oonfess the hoar. But where is County Guy? The village maid steals through the shade, , Her lover's suit to hear; To beauty sky. by lattice high. Singt high-born Cavalier. The star of love, all stan above, how reign j o'er earth, and say, And high and low his infiaenoe know. ( Bat where Is County Gay? "Here!" answered a voice, as the last note died away, " if you mean me I" And to the immense confusion of Polly, and the unconcealed annoyanoe of Allan Fane, Guy Earlsoourt step- ped round the rocky entrance into the grotto. " Miss Masen, your voice is superb-equal to Lind's with training. ' Pon.my honor I thought it might be Ciroe or Calypso, or those what-you oall-ems, sirens, you know, of the ÜSgean ses, holding a concert by mistake on the Lincolnshire coast." " What the-- what brought you here, Earlsoourt?" demanded the artist, with no very friendly accent. Guy looked at him laiily from ander his thick, black lashes " In the character of ' Paul Pry,* for this oc- casion only. Well, my dear boy, don't pour the vials of your wrath on me-I am Beauty's messenger. In other words, you promised to drive Lady Charteris and Cousin Di over to Hatherbolme, after luncheon, and as Di really seems anxious to go, I came in search of you. Had I known-" with a glance at Polly, but Mr. Fane out in;rather abruptly : " I asked Miss Mason to bring me here that I might sketch this grotto. Shall we return, Miss MasoD, or-" - " Oh, yes please," Polly answered, shrinking away, she hardly knew why, under the gaze of the brown eyes she thought the most beautiful on earth. " They will wonder where I have gone to at home " Mr. Fane looked at Mr. Earlsoourt, as if saying, " You hear Î You're not wanted. Be kind enough to go." And the young guardsman answered the glance, and walking after Polly, began asking her questions about the town and the sands, as though the topography of Speck haven were the vital interest of his life. Polly Mason walked back through the noon- day brightness with two gallants, instead of one, and flashed a look upon Eliza Long, as she passed her windows, that made that young lady grind her teeth for very envy. " Montalien's been as dull as death this morn- ing,"! Guy was sayiog, plaintively. " Di's been sulky, Lady Charteris a prey to green and yellow melancholy, Frank not to be found, (I didn't look in the bailiffs oottage,) and little Maud the only human creature in the place to speak to. I think, considering the emergenoy of the case, and the danger I was in of falling a prey to the blue devils, yon needn't look soferooious, Fane, at my seeking youout in my dire neoessity : need be, Miss Mason ?" Polly did not feel as if the interruption were by any means an unwelcome one. Both gentlemen were delightful, no doubt, but Mr. Gay Earlsoourt decidedly the more delightful of the two. She walked home in a happy trance, and it was all too soon when the little garden gate carne in sight. Rosanna was hanging oat linen on the gooseberry bushes, and Dake could be seen, with his shirt sleeves rolled up above the elbows, painting ia his big, bare, front room. The two young gentlemen said good-by to Polly, and left her. Mr. Fane made no further allusion to the sitting for his Fair Rosamond that afternoon. Queen Eleanor wished him to drive her to Heatuerbolme, eight miles off, and of course she-mast take precedence in all things. It was almost one, and dinner was pver in the cottage when Polly went in. Her portion of the hash stood covered for her in the oven, and she sat down to partake of that refreshment with an appetite four hours old, and sharpened" by the sea wind. One may be in love, but one must eat :. still she took time to piok oat the onions never again would she eat vulgar spring onions, that degradation at least it was in her power to avoid. " Who is that young swell in the ohimney pot hat and dandy boots ?" Duke asked, when Polly paid her afternoon visit to his painting roerá. "I don't mean Gay Earlsoourt, you understand." " The other was Mr. Allan Fane," Polly re- sponded, looking oat of the window. " He's an artist, Dake, and wants me to sit to him tor Fair Rosamond." " Allan Fane ! Allan Fane 1" Duke repeated, stroking the red and yellow stubble on his chin. " Pre heard that name before, and I have seen that face somewhere. It's a face I don't like, Duchess; it's a weak, womanish face, a false faoe, or Pm greatly mistaken." Polly looked at him reproachfully. " That's not like you, Duke," she said ; " you don't often speak ill of, the absent, and of a stranger, too, whom you don't know. Mr. Fane was very, very kind to me yesterday, and-and -he carne home with me last night. I didn't ride (don't be aogry, Duke,) I didn't ride in the tax-cart. He didn't let me sit out a single dance, and he left the ladies at the Priory to wait oa me, and of course I feel grateful and all that." Dake looked after her as she walked out of the room with a wistful light in his eyes, the yearn- ing light you see sometimes in the eyes of a dog. ' Polly hsd been ander bis shelter for foarteen years-was the day at hand when all his lore could shield her from danger no longer ? Polly went through her usual afternoon's work of helping Rosanna " redd np," in a state of dreamy happiness; little trills of song bub- bling to her lips, smiles and dimples chasing each other over her face. She was always happy, but somehow the sun never shone no brightly, nor had life erer seemed so sweet as to-day. Rosanna looked at her, and ooogratulated her- self that she had made her go out that morning. And presently, when tea was over, she took her hat and went to the gate to watch the new moon rise-and wish-what did little Polly wish ? It was very quiet. The new moon shining in the opal sky, a nightingale singing yonder in Montalien woods, the soft flatter of the evening wind, sweet from the sea ; the rich od. r of Ro- sanna'* roses and geraniums in the opei window -that was the scene. And fairer than all, as -¡"?fe^AUr^TsBe could bave told her, ^ad he been there to see the tall, slim girl, wi h the sweet, happy face, and dreamy eyes of blue, softly singing " The Young May Moon." As she stood there a group of four esme up the road from the town. Polly's dreamy eyes turned from that silver sickle in the purple sky, and brightened into a light not so pleasant to see as she beheld her aroh enemy, Eliza Lou*. Miss Loog was gallanted by the haberdasher's olerk, and behind came Alice Warren and ber " young man," Peter Jenkins of the MilL " Here she is herself 1" exclaimed Miss Long, with malicious vivacity ; " I've just been telling Samuel of the grand oonqaests you've made. How are all your friends at the Priory, Polly dear ?" " AU my friends at the Priory were quite well when I saw them last, Elisa," responded Miss Mason, promptly. " Til tell them you in- quired the next time I see them ; they'll feel flattered, particularly Mr. Guy, who danoed with you- once, wasn't it, Eliza ? and forgot to come back." " I didn't enoonrage bim as mnoh as some people might," retorted Miss Long. " I don't believe io gentlemen'bora dangling after conn try girls. I should be afraid of what people might say of me," concluded Miss Long, with a virtu- ous toss of her head. " Then you needn't, Eliza, nobody will ever talk of you in that way »I'm quite sure. Gentle- men have such bad taste." I "Yes" said Eliza, with a hysterical little | g'ggl'i " I thought so myself when I saw two of them go by with you. I wonder Rosanna isn't afraid." "Afraid of wbat, Eliza? I'll thank you to Bpeak out." Polly's eyes were flashing now, as only blue eyes flash. " Wt all .know Polly isn't afraid of any thing," cried the young man from the haberdasher's, who was mortally jealous. " She wouldn't go three miles out of her, way,; as '«Tonkins did last week, rather than pass the haunted Grange." "No," answered Polly, disdainfully,"I would not." - - - " That's easy to say," Miss Long said, with a' seoond toss, " it's not so easy to prove, Polly's as much of a coward as the rest of as, I dare say, if the truth were known." - " Foi not* coward, and Til thank you not to say so, Eliza. I'm not afraid of you, or what people may say, nor of ghosts either if it oomes to that." " Prove it," cried the taunting Eliis, "prove it if jou dare, Polly Macon." ' Miss Eliza Long understood her antagonist well. To dare Polly* to anything- however mad, however fool-hardy, was to insure its being done. Had she not risked her life, only lass winter, one stormy day when dared to go out in a boat to the other side of Speokharen Bay i And now into Polly's eyes leaped the light that had shone in them then, and her hands clutched together. She looked her adversary straight in the face. " You dare me'to what, Eliza?" " To pass a night alone in the Grange. You are not afraid of ghosts I Prove it if you dare ?" " Oh, Eliza, hush !" cried Alioe Warren. " Fou hash, Alioe I" Solly said very quietly. She was always quiet wheo most dangerous. "I will doitl I am not afraid of ghosts, bat if I were as sore as that I am standing here, I should see the ghost» of the knight, and the >cdy, I woald go. 1 will do it this vary night. Eliza Long ; will that satisfy yon ?" " No, no, Polly," Alioe oried again ; and, " ob, by George, no, you know," exclaimed the young mau from,the haberdasher's in conster- nation, while stolid Peter Jenkins stared aghast, " Duke wouldn't let you, you know." " I shairdo it !" Polly said, folding her arms, and looking daggers and earring knives at her enemy. "Yes," said Miss Long, "and Duke need never know. We're all going to a dance at Bridaes'-that's only two miles from theGrange, and I'll tell Duke and Rosanna you're coming with us. We will go with you to the Grange and leave yon there, and call for you again when the danoo breaks up,*af two o'dook in'the morn- ing. '. That is, of course, if you really mean to go, you know. I wouldn't if I were yon," if I felt the least afraid." The word, the tone, the insolent sneer, stung Polly, as Bbe meant it should. She opened the gate, and carne out so suddenly and with such a wicked expression that Eliza recoiled. "Im not afraid, and I'll thank yon not to use the word again. You're a coward, Eliza Long, and you know it, and you hope something evil may befall me, and you would have given a year of your life to stand in my shoes this morning ! Bah ! don't think I don't understand you, bat I'll go all the same." Eliza laughed, while she grew white with anger. She did not know she was a murderess in heart, but she did hope the ghosts of the Grange might whisk this insolent Polly Mason off to the regions of the Styx, although Miss Long had nerer heard of that gloomy rirez. She ran up to the boase without s word, and carne baok in fire minâtes to say Polly might ge to Mrs Bridges' dance. " Don't do it, Polly," Alice Warren pleaded, in mortal dread; "you don't know what may happen. It's an awful place, and I should feel as if we had murdered you if-" Polly stooped and kissed her. " You poor, little, frightened Alice ! I don't believe in ghosts, I tell you, and I shall go to sleep as comfortably in the Grange as ever I did in my life. Don't let as talk about it. Eliza Long shall never call me a coward." It,wai quite useless talking to Polly when Polly's mind was made np, whether for good or evil. Her blood was np now, and she was equal to anything. Her eyes were like stars, her eheeks like rose berries. As they walked along in the misty moonlight, her laugh rang out clear and sweet, her merry voice made people smile and look after her as she went by. Eliza could hare stabbed her, so intense was her hate-her envy. Nerer mind ! let her pass a night in the Grange ! People who bad tried it, legends ran, had been found stark mad next morning No one would ever blame her ; she ' had asked Polly not to go. Tbey passed Bridges'-the town with its noise and its lamps lay behind them-the lonely, open read that led to the Grange lay white and de- serted before them. They passed the cross roads, where fourteen years before Duke Mason had lost his way. A little more tbsu a mile and they would be at the Grange. Still Polly rat- tled on-a stranger might hare said te keep np her oonrage, bat in reality ..the girl was not afraid. Hers was a nature singularly free from superstition or fear of any kind. She was not afraid, every nerve quickened with excitement she longed to show this vindictive rival of hers how superior she was to her taunts. The great gates,the grim wall, loomed np be- fore them at last, and Alice suddenly nong both arms abont ber friend. "Yon shall not go, Polly-yon shall not! What will everybody say, and who knows what may happen. Peter, don't let her go-Eliza, speak to ber !" " She may g» if »bo likes, for me," said Peter, boorishly. " Certainly, Polly, I wouldn't go if I felt the least af-* She did not finish the word, Polly turned upon her so swiftly and fiercely. " Yon had better not !" she said. " Alioe, dear, hold your tongue; there is no danger. There are no human things there, and I am not afraid of the ghosts. Noae of yon need come any farther if you don't wish." She opened the gates-they oreaked and moved heavily on their rusty hinges, and walked resolutely in. Mr. Jenkins held back, but the other three followed her ; Alice still clinging to her, and half sobbing; a Satanic gleam in Eliza's greenish eyes. They walked up the «renne in dead silence the unearthly stillness and.gloom of the place awed them. Polly spoke as the house esme in view, and her voice sounded unearthly. " How am I going to get in 7 There's a win- dow I know of-if yon oau only raise it for me, Saja ?" It was the very window, near the elm tree, in which Dake bad sat and stared that memorable night. The ivy made an easy ladder for Mr. Samuel, who in some trepidation moved and shook the casement. Wind and weather bad done their work-the window went crashing into tbe room. Miss Mason turned and faced Miss Long with the look of a duelist waiting to fire. | " Will that room-do, Eliza, or is there any apartment in the house more especially haunted than another ? I should like to please you, and it is all the same io me." " Oh, don't ask me," said Eliza, shivering slightly as she spoke ; " don't say I want yon to go, I don't. I think yon bad muoh better tam back." Polly laughed bitterly, " I understand you, Eliza ! If anything happen yon must prove yocr innoeenes. Good» night, all ; don't free, Alice, about me." She seised the ivy, and with one light leap was inside the room. Her daautlen nailing face looked down upon them from the window " Go 1" she said ; " good-night." " Come," said Eliza, with another shudder and " oh, Polly, Polly, come back !" okme faintly from Alice. She felt as thought be were leering her friend to be murdered in cold blood But the others drew her with them, and Polly was albne in the house where, sixteen years ago, she was born. She stood by the window until the last eoho of their footsteps, the heavy clang of the gates, told her tbey were gone. A great awe stole over her-not fear-the solemn stillness of the night -the white spectral light of the moon- the moving of the wind among the trees. It was like liring down among the dead. She turned and glanced about the room. The little old piano stood in its corner, the easy obair in its place before the black hearthstone, a spindle legged table, the faded tapestry, the bare oak floor. Through the oorridors the wind wailed, overhead the rats scampered. The girl shud- dered for the first time as she listened to then. It was so deadly still that she heard the dooks of the town toll nine. Nine I and she must until two or three before they would return. If she could only sleep and dream those long, lonesome hoars away. She would try. She knelt down, her face in her hands, and said her prayers a little more devoutly than usual, and then coddled herself np in the arm chair. Who had sat in this old chair last, she won- dered ? She shut her eyes, wrapped her sum- mer shawl closer about her, and tried not to think of the cavalier and the mad lady, not to hear the wind or the rats. She tried to think ofyesterday's delights, of to-morrow's bliss, when she would go to Montalien Priory and sit for her picture. She was in love with Mr. Fane no, .with Mr. Gay Earlsoourt-she didn't know i wbioh. Presently the white lids went down on I the purple lustre beneath, and the blessed sleep of healthful youth came to Polly. She slept for hours. The moonlight fliokered inwguostly way enough across the floor unseen, the rats acampered like an-army of spirits over- head. Was it in her dream that she heard the gates olang again, and the footsteps of her late com- panions drawing near the bouse ? Was it in a dream that she beard footsteps that were not the footsteps of the rats overhead ? She sat up all at onoe, with a start, broad awake. , The moon had gone ander a cloud, and the room was in darkness. ' What was that ? Surely footsteps-human footsteps-along the hall outside and approach ing the door. Yes, the handle tornad, the door creaked, and opened ! The girl rose and stood up by no volition of her own, and seemed staring straight at the opening door Her heart had ceased to beat she was ioy cold all orer. Was this fear ? She had Consciousness enough left to wonder. The door opened wide-there was what seemed to Polly a blaze of supernatural light, and in that unearthly glow she saw the form of a woman entering and coming straight toward ber. ; 