UNDER THE VERANDAH. Bishop Colenso denies that Moses wrote the Pentateuch ; strong doubts have been thrown on the authorship of Shakspeare's plays ; and now a gentleman named Abraham Aaron, described in the papers as " a bald- headed old fellow," comes forward and publicly states that he and another person wrote "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star," twenty-three years ago. There is a circum- stantiality about his story that invites belief, and he further states that its truth can be proved by telegraphing to England. Mr. M'Kcan was rather rough a short time since on its reputed author, Mr. Marcus Clarke, for some liberties he had taken with his name in the pantomime, ascribing them to personal feelings. Now that he sees he was wrong, I hope he will apologise to Mr. Clarke, and have a go in at the old bald- headed Jew. It is rather a remarkable fact that Mr. Clarke should be accused of this gross literary theft by one of a race to whom he has a notorious dislike, and is another instance that " the whirligig of time brings in his revenges." Fie Mr. Clarke. To laugh at their losses, mock at their gains, scorn their nation, and then steal an old bald-headed Jew's pantomime ! Neither tho lady nor tho clergymen here inafter mentioned belong to Melbourne. The lady was easy in licr virtue, and chnstor in her dress and equipments than in hor morals. But she could be modest in hor manner when she chose, and affected virtues which sho had not. One day she went in her well- known trap, constructed to hold three, for a quiet drive along a eountry road, and on her return to the city overtook two clergy men walking quickly to escape an impending thunderstorm. She pulled up and politely invited them to take a seat to avoid a wetting. They thanked her and accepted, and she rattled them along at a rate that put i the fear of the rain out of their hearts. She talked church to them— she is every thing to eyery man and prepared for any emergency. They wore rather proud of returning to town in such a pretty trap driven by such a pretty woman, but their pride got a fall when they reached the fashion able quarter of the city, for, quick as thought, on some impulse of the evil one, tho young woman, who by her conversation might have been a district visitor, and whom each would have jumped at for his Sunday school, whipped out a cigar, lit it with a fusee, put herself in a striking attitude mora artistic than elegant, and, heedlesB of their remonstrances, drove her pair of spirited little ponies round and round the principal Btreets at full trot. One of tho clergymen preached next Sunday to the pew-opener alone, and sho declined to stay in the ohurch with him by hcrsolf unlesB all tho doors and windows were open. If Mr. Langton takes a personal interest in the success of his revenue returns he must read tho obituary notices in the papers of late with great pleasure. If rich men keep dropping off as they have done for the last fortnight, I rather fancy the amounts re ceived from probate duty— the modern obolus which tho law compels our dead to pay for having their immortal money rowed across the river of administration — will figure very favorably in the quarterly returns. If I were Mr. Henry Miller I would feel in clined to rosent an inquiry after my health by the Treasurer. However affectionate he might be in hiB manner, however he might sympathise with my cold, my gout, or my liver, I would have the consciousness on mo all the time that ho was thinking of how handsomely I would cut up in the service of the State, and how ho might build a bridge or make a few miles of road out of my pickings. The Government wore in a fix a short timo ago to find a proper residence for his Excel lency in lieu of Toorak. I really can't soe why they need trouble them'selves in the matter, for . tho Governor appears to be on a perpetual wallaby track. He returns at tho end of this week from Tasmania, and next weok, according to the \Qipps Land Times, is off to Bairnsdale. I' would regard a vice regal residence in Melbourne as a needless expense till Sir George has made a personal inspection of every district in the colony he has not yet visited. Strolling through the town with a drink ing friend of mine a short timo sineo, we dropped into a haunt of temperance peoplo, and heard some heart-stirring speeches made against my friend's darling vico. One orator enlarged on the mode by which the Laee- dremonians sought to bring intoxication into disrepute, by making a Helot drunk and ex hibiting him to the Spartan boys who formed the bands of hope of the period. He suggested a recurrence to their practice, upon which my dipsomaniac friend whis pered to me in husky accents that could be heard through tho hall, "If they want a Helot I'm there ! " I dragged him out through a thunder cloud of scowls. At the annual meeting of the Melbourne Total Abstinence Society, held this week at the Temperance-hall in Russell-street, tho committee reported that a oourse of lectures had been given for obtaining funds to pay off the hall debt by well known clergymen, several of whom had given their sevices gratuitously ; but that it had resulted in a financial failure. Now, while I am prepared to Rtkawledg that it is ae fetish ness of mine, that I am not a teetotaller, and that I never attended one of the lectures (the meeting alluded to in my last paragraph being a promiscuous affair), I still think it is duo to the great body of total abstainers that they should know why the course was a failure. The committee should have published the names of the "well known clergymen" who lectured, the amount each was paid, and the takings at the door on each occasion. Tho total abstainers would then be in a position to judge of tho respec tive values of the paid and unpaid services rendered by tho well known clergymen, and with the light of their experience be able to determine what class of lecturers they would go for this year. I can understand clergy men wanting to be paid before they would undertake the advocacy of the Licensed Victuallers' Association ; but I confess I feel a curiosity to hear the names of the men who did not lecture gratuitously in aid of tem perance. Several appeals have been made to mo to divulge the name of the gentleman of All- England who plays for honor and glory. At the risk of causing him to sink considerably in the estimation of the public I comply with their wishes. Playing for love may be a mean thing for a man to do, but I understand that Mr. Bushe is guilty of it. If I am wrong I sincerely trust he will pardon mo the injury I have done him. I don't know who the Government bill- stickor is, but he must be a man of genius. It was a masterstroke of art utilising the base of the Burke and Wills monument for the purpose of warning the publjc against an oxcessive use of Yan Yean. At present there is only one notice on it— our bill- sticker proceeds cautiously to work — but when tho oye of tho public gets educated to the idea, the full capabilities of the statue will be brought out. How well a large lettered poster, pasted on a board, and sus pended from tho outstretched hand of Burke would look; and who could resist an affec ting appeal, hanging round the neck of Wills, never to shop after six ? It is enough to make one's nose blue with cold to read the letters of home friends, written at the antipodes in November last. One writing from London says : " Nothing so cheap here as colds, nothing so dear as cools. Great coat3 are made with about ten pockets, to hold all tho handkerchiefs the season demands. If some of my silk-coated, pith hatted friends, who about now are en joying themselves on the Flemington race course, could be dropped as they stand in the streets of London, it would be a change- Oh ! that you could send us an Australian Eleven, or any other number, so that they could bring with them a jolly hot wind that would teach the cockneys what dust is ! If I die of this confounded influenza my part- ing regret will be that I give up the ghost away from the sweet smell of the wattle blossoms on the banks of the dear old Yarra." Much as we Victorians love our institutions, I don't think any of us would object to favoring our home friondB with a -few of our " jolly hot" winds in the course of a' summer. "The Acheenese are fighting demoniacally. The Dutch twice repulsed attacking Kratow with a loss of 240 killed and wounded." " Tho Ashantees able to bring 200,000 men into tho field. Our native allies worthless. More European troops urgently required by Sir Garnet Wolseley. " Such is the substance of the news from Sumatra and the .west coast of Africa. When tho Engb'sh and Dutch Governments, animated no doubt by the kindliest feelings towards each other, exchanged tho districts in question, there was one trifling circumstance left unprovided for : neither were put in possession. Very likely, in the long run, tho Sultan of Acheen and tho King of Ashantee will be brought to their knees by Dutch stubborn ness and British daring, but I fear there will bo hosts of widows and orphans left to de plore this royal exchange. Our Roman Catholic friends are uncon sciously the best allies tho educational re former has to help him. Tho old Common Schools Act might have had a long life's leaso of existence but for iho public scandal caused by tho Coliban school affair ; and now in Ireland, untaught by tho lesson they might have learned from their brethren in Victoria, tho priests aro persisting in the Callan disputo in bringing their system of school management into an odium that must end in reform. Our Irish colonists aro getting up a John Mitchell fund ; true gra titude would suggest a subscription instead to Father O'Keefe. What is tho use of calling a meeting to consider a question which the meeting has no power to determine ? A special meeting of the New North Clunes Company was convened to consider the propriety of voting £ 1000 — a very largo, or a very small Bum of money according to the light in which it is regarded — by way of secret service money to some unknown gentlemen, who had worked the oracle with the Government on behalf of the company. After a discussion in which nearly every shareholder present took part, the vote was rejected by a large majority ; upon which the secret service party called in the dumb power of proxies, rejected the amendment, and carried the original proposal. It is quite evident that the meeting was called to vote and not to discuss. Some one, or two perhaps, were promiscdiSlOOO, and thodirectors worb deter- , mEedthey should h»Yi it, It if ft pi ty they didn't use their power before the dis cussion, and tho question it gave rise to ; for now an idea is put forward that the secret service money was nothing more or less than a bribo to some members of the Administration or Legislature, and tho idea can only be set at rest by publishing the names of the lucky or unlucky men who re ceived tho money. I rather fancy wo will hear more of that Clunes gift. After a strike extending over some weeks, and which was sought to be crushed by the introduction of new and unskilled men at a higher rate of wages, Mr. Gillies must have felt very small, when, in caving in, he had to givo as an apology : " That had he known at first the average earnings were as low, he probably fcwould have felt no objec tion to granting the demand as soon as it was made." This is the poor satisfaction the Williamstown railway laborers have got: Tho minister acknowledges they were right in their demand, and confesses that he was wrong in refusing to grant it. Perhaps the next 'time a question affecting the working ( of tho railways arises, Mr. Gillies may think it worth his while "to know at first" the merits of it, and not wait till he is en lightened as to tho working of his depart ment by another strike among day laborers. Unfortunately railway passengers oan't strike as the laborers can. It has been shown conclusively that our railway charges are higher than in any of the civilised countries in the world enjoying tho advan tages of tho iron horse, and earnest appeals have been made to Mr. Gillies to bring the fares into a better harmony with tho general cost of living. Statements were made last week that ho meant to do so. This week I hear that the statements were unauthorised, and that he has no such intention, and never had. It is a far oasier matter to pass a law, even with an obstructive upper house, than effect ,a reform in the teeth of a department. I am inclined to think the " department" is the master of Mr. Gillies. ATTIOUS. 