THE GUARDED TREASURE. — A THRILLING NARRATIVE. In the second year of the late civil war I was married, and went to live with my hus- band in a small village on the Hudson, some fifty or sixty miles from New York. The house we occupied was a large, rambling mansion of considerable antiquity for this country, and stood a little apart from the rest of the village, surrounded by broad fields, and commanding a glorious view of the river and the hills of the Highlands. It had been built before the Revolution, by my husband's grea-tgrand father, and though destitute of any "modern improvements," was still a comfortable and pleasant residence. My husbaud was a lawyer and a large real estate owner in the neighborhood, and at the period of which I write, was greatly perplex- ed, like a great many other persons in the North, by the perilous state of the times, and especially about the safe investment of his funds, as the suspension , of specie payments, the great rise in gold, .and military disasters in Virginia, made it almost impossible to tell where it would be safe to deposit, or to use one's money in any large amount. In the course of his transactions in real estate, it happened that he received one day, what was for us then, a large sum, about ten thousand dollars, which he brought home and placed in my charge, telling me at the same time that he should have to be absent during the evening, attending to some business on the other side of the river, and should not be at home until midnight. "You can place the money in the safe, dear, and to- morrow I will try to find some way ,to invest it securely," he said, as he gave me the money. So saying, he stepped into the buggy, which was standing at the doorway, taking with him our hired man, Silas, and leaving me with no one in the house but Dinah, an old colored woman, who fulfilled in our modest household the cook and maid-of-all-work, as she had long done in the family of my own parents, who, on my marriage, bad yielded her up to me. as a valuable part of my dower. Dinah was indeed a character. She was tall and very stout, weighing, she never would tell how much, more than two hundred pounds. She was very black, and as lazy as she was black. I do not think any one could move more deliberately than Dinah did, that is to move at all. And, by a wonderful dispen- sation, she seemed to feel that whatever her other faults might be, she was strong on the point of locomotion. For, when she had been moving with a ponderous slowness, almost maddeniug to a person of ordinary quickness, one of her favorite expressions was : "Well, Miss Lillie, what shall I fly into next ?' How she accomplished all she did, the brownies only knew. We used sometimes almost to tremble when there was any special hurry about our domestic arrangements, and yet Dinah always managed to bring affairs to a consummation just when a minute more would have ruined everything, and with undis- turbed front, would slowly enunciate, "Well, Miss, what shall I fly at next ?' It was nearly dark when my husband departed, and after giving my orders to Dinah, or rather my suggestions, I left her and made the tour of the house, to see that all was safe and properly locked up. This duty attended to, I went to my bedroom, intending to pass the time in reading until my husband should return. It was a large room on the ground floor, with two French windows opening on a broad veranda. The windows were draped with long yellow silk curtains, between which the moonlight faintly entered, dimmed by the shadows of the roof of the piazza, and partly intercepted by the fringes of woodbine which hung from it. My bed stood with its head about half a yard from the wail. It was an old-fashioned structure, hung with yellow silk like the windows, but I slept with the hang- ings drawn back and fastened to the head board. The bed was so large that no one ever thought of moving it except in those seasons of household panic, called house-cleanings, when the combined strength of three or four men were required to draw it into the middle of the room. So elaborately carved was it, that it went by the name of Westminster Abbey in the family. At one end of the room, at no great distance from the bed, was a large safe built into the huge chimney of the mansion, with a door high enough for a person to enter standing upright. Here I was accustomed to place every evening our silver plate, on shelves which extended round the sides, on which, also, were placed boxes con- taining plate and other valuables. Opposite the foot of the bedstead, between the windows, was a mirror reaching from the floor almost to the ceiling. Like the other furniture in the room, it was old and handsome. How many happy scenes it had reflected in the hundred years it had stood there ! The night was exceedingly hot, and I therefore left the windows open, though I drew the curtains before I seated myself at the table in the centre of the room, lighted the candles, and began to read, in order to pass the heavy time before the return, of my hus- band. After a while I heard the clock strike nine, at which hour Dinah always went to bed. Her chamber was in the attic, the third storey of the house. Remembering some household matter about which I wished to speak to her, I started hurriedly up, and went into the entry to intercept her before she got up stairs. I had to wait about a minute before she came, and our colloquy continued three or four minutes more. When I returned to my bedroom, feeling somewhat tired, I resolved to go to bed, as, at that late hour in the country, it was quite cer- tain that no visitors would call, and my hus- band could let himself in with a latch-key, which he always carried. I thought, how- ever, I would try and keep awake by reading, and accordingly placed the light-stand and candle at the head of my led. I then closed and fastened the windows, undressed myself and got into bed. The key of the safe I put under my pillow as usual. After reading, perhaps half an hour, I grew weary of the book, and quietly laying it down, remained for some minutes meditating with my eyes fixed on the mirror opposite the foot of the bed, in which I could see myself reflected, together with the yellow silk cur tains behind my head. I was thinking, not unnaturally, how pretty I looked, and how happy I was, with such a large sum of money secure in one's safe, when suddenly I saw in the mirror a sight that made my heart stand still. A hand appeared between the curtains, drawing them slowly apart and grasping cautiously the headboard. It was a man's hand, large, coarse, and dark, as if belonging to a mulatto, or to one greatly tanned by ex- posure to the weather. My first impulse was to start from the bed and scream for help. I repressed it by a strong effort of will, and lay perfectly motion- less, except that I partially closed my eyes, keeping them only sufficiently open to watch the mirror. As quick as lightning my mind took in the situation. In the few minutes of my absence from the room, while talking to Dinah in the entry, a thief, a robber, a possible murderer, had hidden himself either under the bed or behind its draped head. He was doubtless armed, and if I cried out, or attempted to escape from the room, he could easily reach the door before I could, and for his own security would probably put me to death. Dinah was too distant, and too feeble and clumsy to afford me any assistance, and besides was by this time asleep in the third story. The man doubtless knew that my hus- band had received a large sum of money, and had gone off across the river, leaving me alone, or nearly so, in the house. He had entered, caring only for money, and anxious above all things io escape undetected and un- recognised. If I let him know that I was aware of his presence, I should expose myself to murder. My obvious policy was to keep quiet and feign sleep. I thought also of the money, and was not altogether willing to re- sign that without an effort to save it, and to have some clue to the identity of the thief. I confess, however, that this last consideration was not a very strong one, and I am afraid that, if I could see my way clear to an escape from the room, I should have fled inconti- nently without stopping to see more than that terrible hand. A moment, which seemed an hour, passed while these thoughts rushed through my mind. I lay perfectly still, with my half-closed eyes watching the mirror. Slowly and noiselessly the frightful hand pulled up the corner, until I could see the hand and face reflected in the glass, and glaring at me with fierce, yet wary eyes. The man was a mulatto, very dark, with evil passions written in every lineament. I could scarcely refrain from shuddering at the sijht of his hateful visage, and closed my eyes to shut it out. I was not quite ready for the ordeal through which I knew I must soon pass. I wanted to move my light-stand a little out of the way, and to so arrange the bed clothes that I could spring from the bed without impediment. I therefore gave a little sigh, and moved, as if about to awake, slightly opening my eyes at the same time. The head and hand instantly disappeared. I then composedly made the desired changes in the position ot the stand, and the arrangement of the clothes, put my watch with the safe-key under my pillow — so near the edge that they could readily be taken out, as I knew they would be — extinguished one of my candles, said my prayers, and re- signed myself to my fate, with no very sanguine or definite hope of extrication from my perilous position. I made my breathing regular, and a little louder than when I was awake, and lay with my cheek on my hand, counterfeiting sleep. At last the stillness became more terrible than even my first agony of fear. Several times I fancied I heard a soft step approaching from the place of concealment. As often was I de- ceived. Then again that dreadful stillness, in which I counted the ticking of the watch through the pillow. It was a positive relief when he came out from behind the curtain, stopped at the table, and stood looking at me, as I was well aware, though my eyes were closed. I forced myself to breathe regularly and audibly. He came closer; he bent over me. He passed the lighted candle slowly be- fore my face two or three times. I felt the heat and saw the light through my closed lids, which must have quivered, though he did not seem to observe their motion. Heaven gave me strength not to move or cry out. Satis- fied, apparently, he put back the candlestick on the stand, and his hand crept softly and slowly under the pillow, and one by one he removed my watch and the key of the safe. He stood so long looking at me that I felt im- pelled to open icy eyes suddenly upon him. As he walked toward the safe I did partly open them, and cautiously watched him through my eye-lashes. I heard him fumb- ling with the lock, and once he looked over towards the bed. My eyes were wide open, but I closed them in time not to be detected. Watching him stealthily I saw him open the door of the safe, which he entered without drawing the key from the lock. Here was the opportunity for which I had waited and watched. I sprang lightly from the bed, with one bound reached the safe, dashed the door to, turned the key, and with one long and loud shriek fell prostrate and senseless on the floor of the dark room. How long I laid upon the floor I don't know — probably for a few minutes only — but as I was unconscious, it seemed when I came to myself as if the interval had been a long one. I was aroused by his blows upon the iron dcor, and found myself weak after the long nervous tension, but still calm. I re- member the satisfaction with which I thought, while I lay there before rising, that he could not escape, mingled with a vague and foolish dread that he might burn the valuable con- tents of the safe. He pounded desperately on the door, and swore fearfully at finding himself entrapped. But as I took no notice of his outcries he soon grew quiet. Presently I rose, lighted a candle, dressed myself with all possible haste, and with trembling fingers, turned often to look at the safe, from, under the closed door of which I more than half expected to see blood trickling — why, I cannot tell, except that my mind was full of images of horror, I was soon in readiness. I had no means of ascertaining time, as he had my watch in his pocket, and there was no clock in the room. Taking the candle I hastened to arouse Dinah, who, as I shook her, slowly opened her eyes, and with scarcely more than her usual slowness pro- nounced her formula : "Well, Miss Lillie, what shall I fly — Lor'-a-uiasss ; what's de matter with the child ? You ain't seen a ghost, have you, honey ?' "No, Dinah; but I've seen something worse than a ghost. I've caught a robber, and he's in the safe. What time is it ?" and look- ing at the clock that ticked slowly and deliberately — as — how could Dinah's clock help doing ? — saw to my great relief that it was near midnight. We had scarcely got down stairs when I heard the sound of wheels. A moment more and my husband was in my arms, listening with amazement to a rapid narrative of my singular adventure. I wouldn't suffer him to open the safe until Silas had summoned assis- tance from the neighboring houses. I feared that my desperate prisoner might still escape. When the safe was opened, there sat my burglar on the trunk, half stupefied for want of air, a knife in one hand, the package of money in the other, and the burned out candle at his feet. He was recognized as an old offender, who had not been long out of the State Prison, to which in due course of law he was soon sent back for a term of years, which I devoutedly hope may last as long as he lives, for I confess I should not feel easy to hear that he was at large. The look of rage he gave me on coming out of the safe will not soon be obliterated from my memory. My husband, I need hardly say, was greatly pleased with my safe investment, and compli- mented me highly on the courage and coolness which had doubtless saved my life as well as our money. The love and pride with which he regarded me, and with which he always to this day rehearses my exploit, were of them- selves a sufficient compensation for the horror and agony of that long Summer night. — Alta Californian. — — — "ALL HANDS BELOW !"— A good story is told of a parrot who had always lived on board a ship, but who escaped at one of the Southern ports, and took refuge in a church. Soon afterwards, the congregation assembled and the minister began preaching, saying that there was no virtue in them ; that every one of them would be lost unless they speedily repented. Just as he uttered the sentence, up spoke the parrot from its hiding-place : '"All hands below !" To say that "all hands" were startled would be but a mild way of putting it. The peculiar voice, from its unknown source, had much more effect upon them than the parson's voice ever had. He waited a moment, and then, a shade or two paler, he repeated the warning. '"All hands below !" again rang out somewhere. The preacher started from his pulpit, and looking anxiously around, inquired if anybody had spoken. "All hands below !" was the only reply, at which the panic-stricken -congregation got up, and a mo- ment after, they all bolted for the doors, the preacher trying his best to be first, and during all this time the mischievous bird kept up its yelling : "All hands below !" There was an old woman who was lame, and could not get out as fast as the rest, and in a very short time she was left entirely alone. Just as she was about to hobble out, the parrot flew down, and, alighting on her shoulder, yelled in her ear : "All hands below !" "No, no, Mr. Devil,'' shrieked the old woman, "you can't mean me, I don't belong here. I go to the church across the way.'' He who assumes airs of importance exhibits his credentials of insignificance. 