LONDON. The Imperial Parliament has been prorogued. The Speech stated - that foreign relations with Great Britain continue friendly. The Govern ment -would employ its influence in maintaining treaty obligations, and in promoting aud con solidating the peace of Europe. A delegate had been sent to the Brussels conference after assurances had been received that no proposal would be made to alter the recognised rules of international law, or to place 1'eBtriotionB on naval operations. Freedom had been reserved to accept or rcjeot the recommendations, of the Conference. Negotiations had , been entered into with regard to a Reciprocity Treaty be tween America and Canada, — the treaty to be revised at an early date. The continued' dis turbances in Spain were lamented, and it was be lieved that the restoration of peace and civil order would best be attained by rigid non-interference. The treaty with tho Sultan of Zanzibar had been faithfully observed, and muoh had already been accomplished by it. The famine in India, it was stated -with thankfulness, had been atton ded with little mortality. Steady progress had been made towards the pacification and organi-. zation of the gold coast. A treaty of peace had been completed with important triboB. The Ashantess had been loyal to their obligations. The speech concluded with an enumeration of the measures passed during the session, and the announcement that through the good offices of Germany and other powers, Franco had pre served the neutrality of the Pyrenees withont wounding the dignity of Eranoe. The harvest is proceeding satisfactorily. The corn market is falling. Copper is depressed, Tin ii unsteady, - ... This OtwaoiNa Euhophan Maim.— The mails per R.M.S. legislator via Torro3 Straits will oloso on Wednesday as follows : — I'or registered lettors and money orders at 3.30 p.m.; for nowBpaperB and packot3 at 3. p.m. ; for ull places oicept the TTnitod Kingdom, for ordinary letters at 4 p.m., and for tho United Kingdom only at 4.60 p.m. Late-feo Lotters for tti§ TTnitod Kingdom and Foreign places, via Brin disi and London, will bo received at the Gene ral PoBt Office until S.20 p.m., and on board the sleamor Fram-is Cadoll, at Bright Brothers' wharf, until 6 p.m. on Wodnosday evening. Fanc? Bazaab. — A fanoy bazaar in aid of the funds for the erection of the memorial church at Milton was opened this afternoon at the School of Arts. There are numerous stalls fully furnished with useful as well as ornamental articles for sale, and it will go hard if visitors cannot find something in which to invest their spare cash, and thereby add to the funds for the new churoh so much required in the Milton district. The bazaar will be opened this even ing, to-morrow, and Wednesday evening, until 10 o'olock. Thb Choir at Am, Saints.— The Rev. T. Jones in his discourse at this Church last even ing on the subject1 of propriety of costume in the services of the' Church of England, announced that in future the ohoir would appear in white surplioes. He quoted Scripture warrant for this action, which ho thought might possibly result in the regrettable loss of some of his congrega. tion, who-might have the fear of Romanistio tendencies before ' their eyes. He could not Bay whether , white surplices were worn in Roman Catholic Churches or not, as he had never attended such a service in his life. For himself he had always assooiated that Church with' another colour. At any rate he would not allow expediency to supersede what he believed in his conscience to bo right and proper. FataIi Accident.— A fatal accident oc curred on Saturday evening to an assistant cook belonging to the ship Derbyshire, now berthed at Messrs. 3. and G. Harris's wharf. It appears that the young man, whoso name ;is 'Peter Hague, was about going on board the ship at ten o'clock when, stepping too. near the edge of tho -wharf, ho fell into tho river, and though every effort was made for his . recovery he was not seen again. Tho police, assisted by the sailors of tho vessel, have been since dragging for the body, but it has not yet been found. Deceased was a passenger by the . veSBcl and .about eighteen yenrs of age. Metropolitan Distbict Cottht.— The fol lowing defended causes will bo heard at the civil sittings to commence onJWednesday next : — HutchinB and Co..y. R. Armour and Co., £32 ;: John Pettigrew v. E.Benuispn, £183 17s.' 2d. j J. A. Phillips v. L. Loewe, £60; James Fussollv. W. J. Puge, £2 2s.; same v. E. J. May, £2 10s. ; same v. J. Stockwoll, £1 5s. j Batne v. G. Crawford, 18a. 9d. j same v. T. Dowse, 6s. ; same v. H. 0. Beeston, : 17s. .6d . f \ same v. J. O. Bourne, £1 14s. j Bame.v.H; M. - Clarkson, 17s. ; same v. 0. Carter, £2 2b. 6d. ; : saine v. A. J. Thynne, 17s. ; J. Forsyth and Co. v. R. Lang, £4 17s. 6d. ; . . Obicket — Miltons V. Biaokat,is. — The ?match between these clubs was commenced on - Saturday afternoon on the cricket ground afctho , . rear of Mr. D- Bell's store, South Brisbane. The .' .Miltonsjwere' captained- by..Diokuubnj,;an'4'1.tJyj^. ? Blackajis by. Murphy. -The ?Bliiokall'a.were first* to go in) aiid when the last wicket fell, the- ? . acoringtsheet showed 35 runs, .of, whioh number G. Rogers contributed 6a.q:ujckly^nd--£furphy '- wasiiot out with 6 to. his credit. The fielding of the Milton team was more up to tho mark. Gregory took a good catch in the slips ; Grogan fielded well at point, and W. 0. Armstrong at leg. Messrs. Mark Davis and D. Forbes bowled ?well for the north-side team, the bowling of tho former being very destructive, 'i'he Miltons then handled the willow to tho good bowling of Mulcahy and FiBher. Grogan and Woodgate were first men in, and at bneo went in for hitting. Grogau was first to retire, with 2, being clean, bowled by FiBher — 1 for 4. G. Davis next ap peared, but soon got run out for 1 — 2 for 11. E. Gregory then took his place, and Woodgate ' had to retire with six to his credit, being. well caught by G. Rogers off Fisher — 3 for 12. D. ForbBs then joined Gregory, and the pair played Bteadily, getting runs pretty quickly. Gregory, ? after being in for fully half an hour, retired with 3 to his scoro — 4 for 26. Dickinson was next man in, and after hitting Fisher to cover point' for a double, was clean bowled by the same— -6 for 28. Mark Davis took the vacancy and joined Forbes, who wbb carefully adding to liiB acore. Daviswas soon caught by Rogers off Fisher forS — ? 6 for 33. W. C. Armstrong was next in, and was . unfortunate in being run out in endeavouring to obtain. a fourth run from a-liit by Forbes — -7 for ? 39. Hargraves took his place, and he aricl Forbes rose the Bcore up rapidly, knocking the ball about pretty freely. „ The souring book showed ? ' 73 when Forbes got run out, after placing a well-earned 30 to his credit. ,-His score of 30 ' was made up of 2 threes, 5 twos,- and. singlea. He wub at the wieket3 for one hour and a quar ter for his score. On retiring lie was heartily cheered. Dennis joined Hargreayos, llie latter getting run out after placing 12 to'his credit' by careful play.' Moore took his plane, and nothing more was added to' the spore, . Mulcahy ' taking Dennis l.b.vv. ' The Blaokalls then sent in Ellis and Meyors. The latter wns soon- bowled l.b.w. by Davis— -1 for 3. Rogers took his. place . and was olean bowled by Forbes forl — 2 for 25. FiBher joined Ellis, and was hitting freely to all parts of tho field, when Davis had him clean bowled, after placing 15 to his score, inqludihg a fine hit to leg for 3^-3 for 29. Time was then called, and the game will bo resumed on Satur day, 22nd inBtant, at. the same place. ^ ? Thb Late Examination -PiPEHS. — The fol- - lowing by some misohance having reached us, eeemB to f how (supposing it to be a genuine pro duction) that tho. Examiners do not take great oare of ..tho valuable papers returned by the examinees. 'A nhortt Essa on Tears; by a Kan didate for the Persishon of Pewpil Teeoher. — Tears iz thee limpod flewid seeoreeted by thee lakrimal glans. Thuy ar ov u saultey natur, end xude from thee orginB fur soin with; honts sault warter iz orphinkauld so warter. Tears iz yewsful fer ter kri with, wen yor wants ler. Sum pepil dont kri tears, tliay weeps thim ; uthers busts inter thim ; ownly ignerent pepil kri tears ; jentale phoax weeps end busts. Sum pepil, agen, gets baythd in tearB, butt this muBtt be wen thay ar to pore or to mono tu go tor thee xpentB ov a rogler gude ablushen. Unyens iz gude fer ter permote tearswith ; thees tears iz komiuley kould krokidilcs tears — bekaus thay ar maid : with unyins. TearB iz a envalabel awksilery ter woman in asurtin hur rites ; thay ar lykwize gude fer kommerco, endeucin huz bons ter bi nyce thinks fer thero wivez, times serku'.alin BpeBhe. Tears iz pruty spri wen wants thay ar set goin. Thny nevr wauk, butt thay run lik wunoolok. It iz jeneraly supoBed that tears iz pekuyor ter man, but sience has upsett this lik mony uther popilor ilushons. Awl animels hav tenrB butt man bein thee ownley wuu pervided with hankeohers. and aprunB he kan yews them mor konvonyeutly than thoe lower aniniels, sich uz kwodrupidB wot haz ownley tales. . Thats awl I no abowt tears, butt I mite ad that I wil likly.sb.ed a fu ipliIdootipiWthiaxftminMhun.' -,;-.-;', We are glad to hear that Mr. Theophilua P. Ptigh haB boon appointed Polioo Magistrate of Goondiwindi, vice Mr. J, Murphy, tranBforrod to Roma. ? Queenshani) Tbeatbe.— The production of Tom Taylor's most amusing Haymarket comedy — ' The Overland Route ' — on Saturday night, reflects the greatest credit on tho managomont of the theatre, with tho exception of an occa sional lapse of memory, and tho ' waits ' be tween acts incidental to tho first night of so olaboratoly mounted a piece, whioh to-night will play oloaer by probably three-quarters of an hour. Tho oomedy, whioh is founded on an actual incidont in the history of the P. and O. Company's steamer Pera, opens on board that vobsoI'b prototype the Simoon, on her home ward voyago from India to England ; and all tho events of the piece take place eithor on board tho vessel, or on the inhospitable reef on which the runs. On the rising of the ourtnin, wo 8oe an admirably painted ' set ' of the saloon of the steamer, with its numerous oabina on cither side, its swinging lamps and trays, andacomplete vraisemhlance to an actual vessel. This act is chiefly occupied with the flirtations and usual means emploved by passengers to dispel ennui. The dramatis personce embrace Tom Dexter (Mr. Tavares), one of the sort of rollicking good-hearted fellows, and on the present occa sion tho right man in the right place. Then we have Mrs. Seabright (Miss Surteos),a young married woman whose husband iB in command of a ship of war. Probably for the sake of the1 attentions such a position involves, this lady gives herself out as a widow, and is overwhelmed with attentions from Mr. Colepepper (Mr. Rus Bell) a retired Indian collector, and Sir Solomon Fraser (Mr. Hasker), an old young man 'Bans tooth' and 'sans hair' except what he Iiob bought and paid for. The next character who appears is Mr. Lovibocd (Mr. Loopold) -who ten years beforehas run away from his acidulous wife and established himself at Coylon. As a. matter of course, Mrs. Lovibond (Mies M. Oliver) is on board, and considering her husband dead or out side the ' statute of limitations' iB receiving the attentions, with an eye to matrimony, of another mummified old Indian, Major M'Tunt (Mr. Seagrave). Lovibond, from the combined effeots of a bad cut while shaving, and a swimming head from sickness, goes by mistake into his wife's cabin, but being received with n shriek instantly vacates it, the lady at tho same time bring under the firm improssion that she has seen the ghost of her. dear (?) departed. Of course Loviboad is threatened with a duel by Ui9 major, but these incidents are the smallest of his troubles. It appears that at Ceylon he has taken tho cabin booked in the name of oue Downey, a fraudulent bankrupt, who has sent his luggage to his cabin but, for good reasons, has failed to appear at the last moment. A detec tive, Moleskin (Mr. Clifford),* at once arreBts Lovibond, who for some days passes his time [?leasantly in handcuffs, and who has to Ghoose botween identification by his wife on. the one hand or ponal servitude on the othor, which latter ' he is not . quite sure is ' not tho least punishment of the two. Tho other characters in this act include a typical militaire, Captain Clavering (Mr. Phil lips),' Miss Colepepper (Miss Benison), Cap tain Smart, of the P. and O. Co., (Mr. Stewart), and others. From this brief outline of tho characters some idea may be formed of the lu diorous incidents which fill up the threo acts of tho comedy, whioh is full of wit and smart writing. One of the funniest incidents of the piece iB the loss of his teeth by Sir Solomon, whose UBiial volubility has .thereby a welcome .' stopper' put on it. Equally amusing is the finding of the teeth, and tho instant re-flow of .speech. Tlio acting throughout was excellent. 'Mr.- Tavares, as :.Tom Dextor, was genial, and 'Jspfrit'etfi'^Mr; ?-RusseU-was vory . Sa,t.isf)a6t.o.ry. as the old Indian Oolopepper. His make-up also was very goojd. ? Mr. HaBker's Sir Solomon was - Tm-Iidmirable performance. This aotor looked the clmraoter of the made-up old beau to. the life. . Mr. Seagrave and Mr. Clifford niade the most of two good parts. Mr. Phillips made the insouciant Colonel Clavering a very amusing bit of acting, arid last, though by no moans leaBt, Mr. Leo pold keops the house in roars of laughter whilo pourtraying the miseries of the (for some time) unhappy Lovibond. Miss Surtees was a moat delightfully aroli Mrs. Seabright. The repen tant Mrs. Lovibond had a very happy represen tative in MisB M. Oliver. The remaining com paratively small parts were all excellently filled. The piece as a whole was better mounted than any that has yet been Been at this theatre. 'I'he scenery, which on this occasion had the advan tage of being well-lighted, has been done the fullest justice at the' hands of Mr. Kincholawho has painted some most, elaborate setB. Tho dresses were good and appropriate exoept, per haps, that it may be questioned whether an officer in the army would, of his own free will, travel through the Red Sea in a Bcarlet coat and regulation continuations. The comedy will ho repeated to-night and is likely to have a good run. . . . . Db. MoH3. — A number of gentlemen met to gother on Tuesday evening at the Post Office Hotel (says the Dally Herald) for the purpose of presenting Dr. Mohs with a souvenir on his leaving Dalby for Brisbane, to take up his appointment us Resident Surgeon to the Jfo.-- pital of that city. A massive gold ring was presented to the doctor, with an address expres sive of the kindly feelings and good wishes entertained for him by his friends in Dalby, to whioh that gentleman replied in appropriate terms. The evening vtqb passed in the usual pleasant, cheerful, and oonvivial manner. The diiEY EJECTION. — Tho acceptance of office by Mr. Griffith renders it necessary for him to go back to his constituents for reelec tion, and hiB a'.ldreBs to the electors of Oxley appears in another column. It is Baid that he will be opposed at Oxley ; but wo cannot boliove it. ' Unless a majority of the oleotora of that constituonoy'havo ohanged their opinions during the last eight or ten months, there is absolutely no reasonable ground for opposition. Mr. Griffith was sent in bb a so-called ' Liberal,' and an avowed supporter of the party now in office. He has maintained that oharaoter during the whole Session, and now has bound himself by the strongest of political ties to maintain it throughout; What fault there wbb to be found with him during the Session was riot ou tho ground of being too much of a narty man, but of being inconvenient'y ' indepen dent' at timeB. Still thoro was no roason to suppose that he did not act in overy oase from purely conscientious motives. He is a hard-working member, and has already given proofs of his abilty as a debater aud a politician of good standing, while hia acceptance of office will be more likely to inorease than diminish his ability to servo his constituents in euoli local matters as may require his assistance. For these reasons it is not at all probable that the new Attorney-Genoral will be rejected by hid late constituents, even though his oledtion ho opposed. Hia accession to office will undoubtedly strengthen the Ministry in the House, for although bo young a member and so young a man, he has already secured an influence in tho Assembly which, on occasions of import ance,' tells with very considerable effeot. He would be none the worse, cortainly, if he did not ontertain quite so high nn opinion of him solf, but aftor all that is a fuiliug with numbers of .men who have not half bo muoh to be really proud of, and it will no doubt wear off with the new Attorney-General in time — at any rate the rough edges of it will get rubbed off. — QtutM' lander, ' ' ',:,-; ? ?- jv;--j-i. s.-Oi ;.-..:..?.. ? 