IMMIGRATION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— There has been a lot said for and against emigration ever since the early days of the coleny, but I have seen more and heard more of it last week, in Adelaide than I have heard or seen during the 33 years that I have made myself intimately acquainted with the ups and downs of migration. In this out-of-the- way-place the late ship- load of emigrants was in a week before we heard of it, and perhaps it would take another week before any one could get to Ade- laide from here ; so I considered it hopeless to look for men in that direction, hut I saw an account of a meeting held in Adelaide, Mr. Samuel Raphael in the chair, protesting in the strongest terms against emigration. I am sorry I have not the paper in which the account of the meeting appeared, so as to quote from the different speeches, but I recollect one speaker said a new chum never could travel from Mount Gambier to the Barrier Ranges and carry his swag, as he had done. Another said that the emigrants were going mad ; that one had gone to the Lunatic Asylum already for being induced, by false representations, to leave that beautiful country (England) to reside in such a miserable oppressed hole as Adelaide. Sir, from such representations at a public meeting, presided over by a gentleman of Sammy Raphael's position, I came to the con- clusion that surely men could be had in Adelaide, and so I bundled off in all speed; but to my surprise after a whole day going through the streets of Adelaide on other busi- ness, still keeping on the look-out for new chums, or a man with the appearance of a workman looking for employment, not one man of the description met my view — the same old familiar faces always, and hot very many of them either. Next morning early I went to the labor offices, and. was told there that the men did not call so early; but Mr. Kemp Penney told me civilly that he had not one man on his books that would suit me, or that he did not think I could get one in Adelaide. I called at another office again after dinner. There were a few men, not to all appearances men used to farm work. Still I considered, if there was a willing hand, we, would soon.make a ploughman of him. Lord ! what a scene when I said, in answer to a question; thatlweuld give £40a year to any man willing to come, .whether farm servant or not, or if there was a married man that I would give a house, wood, and waterin addition,' free, I left them not heaping curses on Sammy Raphael, but saying what a fool I was to be led. away by such, rubbishing false speakers, and went to another, hibor office. There was there but one or .two, men, when, after the .usual, interroga tions, I agreed with one man at the rate of £40 per year ; that if he served three months I was to pay hi passage ; if not. I was to deduct it from his wages. The officekeeper drew up an agreement, for which I had to pay 5s., and my ploughman signed his . name, John B ???. A friend, John B— — , and myself ad jourried'to a public-hOuie, when, to my great joy. John was a teetotaller. . Right j I advanced him half a crown, and gave him an order on_ a, boat for a passage to Yorke's Peninsula. But' as the lamps were lighting, what should walk slowly into my hotel but the ghost of John ; no, it was John' himself, the beat slipped away and left him; but John was a teetotaller afi the- time, and; would not miss . the next oppor tunity. . Very well landlord, let John have his aeals until Friaay ; I am going but of town, and I gave John &b.; more, being ateetotaller. But to my surprise when I returned to town in' a few days after, a man on the street told me my ' man John was drinking and fighting just now at the Exchange amongst a lot of loafers. I tell you IdidnotBtop to pray, or curse Sammy, but went direct to a police 'office. I was told there that that was. not the right office, so I went and. found another, and, as far as I can judge,' that was not the right office either, for the Clerk told me he could do nothing unless I summonded John and stopped in Adelaide to prosecute him, a thing I could hoe do, as X had incurred too much expense already. I always thought getting money under false pretences was a great ciime, and that* a policeman would not require any formalities to arrest the man that would, be guilty -of such' an offence. But it is not the case, aad my man- John is at liberty to impose his Good Templarism on some other poor clod hopperranother time. ... : . : Sir, from what I have stated here, and it is not the twentieth part of what I have gone through .for two days between, the .labor .offices of Adelaide, employers of labor, and farmers in particular, were not in suck a pitiable state since -the first days, of this colony, and I don't think it is. right or just for respectable people to countenance such meetings ad the one held at the Buok's Head pub, protest ing against emigration, when a man could not be had in Adelaide (as the saying is) for love or money. I recollect one of the speakers said — ' Let every man register his vote, and let no man into Parliament -that would vote to bring men here to be starvei' I say, 'let every farmer and employer register, and vote for none but men that will pledge themselves to support the Government. that will keep a steady supply of -labor always available.- If our pre sent Government had not the foresight to bring the laborers they did bring, I suppose the case would be worse, and I hope they will do «w they did before-— not wait for the sanction of Parliament, but send for a shipload of emi grants every month, until such time as a farmer cin get a good man for £40 per year, even at the hazard of losing their seats. I venture to say that after, the next election no Government can hold but a Government that will keep a supply of labor until the supply is equal to the demand; and if a supply of assorted emi grants cannot be had, let there be a supply of free emigrants by all means; and if .a- goed man cannot .bring his family to the ship let him be assisted to- do bo, as I can plainly see. our revenue could not be turned to better ac count. ' ? ' : I Sir, I fear my letter is too long already.. But when I tell you that I know,. ploughs., standing still for the want of hands to follow them; you will give me some consideration, and give every opportunity to any one willing to take a part in remedying such an evil. I .conclude by saying, that as the North has this season proved itself a wheat-growing country, with free immigration and* free land laws, South Australia will be second to no other country in the world for a good hard working man to cast his lot in, not as my friend at the Buck's Head said, to carry his swag from pole to pole. lam, Sir, &c; MICHAEL KENNY* Troubridge Area, March 4. ' , 