DR. LIVINGSTONE ON MISSIONARIES. Among the posthumous papers of Dr. XiviDgstone sent home with his body have 'been found a number o! remarkable letter*, ?One addressed to his friend and discoverer, * Stanley, was described, at some lengt u iu our London correspondence of a mail or two back, bat there are point* in tome of the others which call for a ipecial notice. That afforded some rather vague information as to the traveller** latest opinion of the relation of the Cham bea to the Nile sv^m. Much more interesting, if less ac-er.tific, is the long epistle addressed to Mr. Bennett, of the New York Herald. This may be said to discuss the social and political condition of Central Africa. Incidentally the Doctor touches on the missionary question, and for one who had himself belonged to the order, he criti cises the system with refreshing frankness. Speaking from his extensive knowledge of the missionary history of East Africa in general, he raises his testimony against the very evil which liberal-n iaded people have so frequent:/ to r ^. '? 5a Christian opera tions at home. The various sections of the Church which at sumhy times have under taken to Cliristiaiiiz- the African, carry with them to Madagascar, Zanzibar, Natal, or wherever they pitch their camps, the jealous feelings towards each other which to so great an extent distinguish them at home. Apparently this is Dr. Livingstone's worst complaint against them, but he finds them not blameless in othv. x.apects. Without disparaging their courage or zeal, he rallies them on the small pretexts and imaginary difficulties which have been allowed to check them half way. He admits that the traditional account of the Central Africans, fashioned as it is on pictures of the Court of Dahomey, would justify hesitation in all but adven turous spirits. Such traditions are, how ever, bugbears at which the Doctor never tires of laughing. The Central African he has generally found to be the very opposite of what he is described by the mythical traveller. In a very ingenious passage, full of his peculiar shrewdness and playfulness, he says: — 'The whole ef my experience In Central Africa says that the negroes not yet spoiled by contact with the slave trade are distinguished for friendliness and good sound sense. Some can be guilty of great wickedness, and seem to think little about it ; others perform action* as unmistakably good with no great selfcom placency; and if one catalogued all the good deeds or all the bad ones he camo across, he might think the men extremely good or exces sively bad, instead of calling them, like our selves, curious compounds of good and evil. Iu one point they are remarkable— they are honest. Even ameng the cannibal Many wema, a slave trader at Bambarre and I had to send our goats and fowls up to the Hanywema villages to pre vent their being all stolen by my friend's own slaves. Another widespread trait of character is a trusting disposition. The Central African tribes are the antipodes to some of the North American Indians, and very unlike manjr of their own countrymen, who have come into contact with Mohamedans and Portuguese and Dutch Christians. They at once perceive the superiority of the strangers in power of mischief, and readily listen to and ponder over friendly advice.' Protestant Christian missionaries could not, the Doctor thinks, have wished for finer soil to cultivate in the way of human cha racter. Nevertheless, this real unsophisti cated African has by most missionaries been systematically avoided in favour of the half caste mongrel races along the coast or on the adjacent inlands. A conspicuous instance of such faintheartedness occurred as a sequel i» a great celebration which the Doctor himself witnessed in the Abbey where, his bones now repose. After his friendly vindi cation of negro character he proceeds : — ' It 13 a sad pity that our good * Bishop of Central Africa,' albeit ordained in Westminster Abbey, preferred the advice of a colonel in the army to remain at Zanzibar rather than proceed into his diocese, and take advantageof the friend liness of the still unspoiled interiortribe* to spread our faith. The Catholic Missionaries lately sent from England to Maryland to convert the negroes might have obtained the advice of half a dozen army colonels to remain at New York or even at London. But the answer, if they have any Irish blood in them, might have been, 'Take your advice aad yourselves off to the Battle of Dorking. We will fight our own fight.' The venerable Archbishop of Baltimore told these brethren that they would get 'chills' and fever, but he did not add, 'When you do get the shivers then take to your heels, my hearties.'' 'Taking to your heels' proves to be an unkind cut at the semi-official evangelists at Zanzibar, with whom 'chills and fevers' are a nkc occasion ior a pleasure-trip to the Ley and Nallet Islands in a man-of-war. The Doctor assures these sickly gentlemen that the climate of the mainland would suit them much better thu that of Zanzibar, and then takes the Admiralty to task for coddling them with pleasure-trips. Though meaning to help them in their work, it is virtually keeping them away from it He adds 'it is with ft sore heart I say it, but recent events have shown that these who have so long been playing at being missionaries, and peeping across from the sickly island to their diocese on the mainland with telescopes, might have been turned to far better account.' The Doctor throws in a sketch of his ideal missionary, which will not in all points com mend itBelf to the great Societies at home :— 'This continent must be civilized from with?' outwards, and the missionaries who will undertake the work must possess a good deal of the Robinson Crusoe spirit. Men have felt perfectly willing to sacrifice every thing—even their lives— for the sake of the Gospel before they left home, but, as in one gallant officer's case I witnessed, be tempted to despair on breaking the photograph of his wife, or feel it to be an excruciating hard ship to be without sugar for the tea. The boys who, on reading Mayne Reid's books, would like to be ' castaways' have the ring of the true missionary metaL' For the guidance of such true Africa* evangelists be indicates how they might proceed. By beginning with the coaat tribes on the m«nimd they would ensure themselves the safe continuance of supplies. Their chief difficulty would be in overcoming the pre judices against Europeans which the natives have derived from the Portuguese and Arab traders. In no respect would they have a harder task than that of the London Mis sionary Society when its missionaries attacked the pestilential belt of forest round the Island of Madagascar. This forest in volved almost certain death when traversed at any but a few brief seasons of the yew. Bat the Society braved it at great loss in men and money, and the result was a success which men of minor pluck may well envy. It may slightly detract from the Doctor's reprobation of sectarianism that he should concentrate his praise on the Nonconformist Societies. He repeatedly cites the Malagese Missions for the purpose of contrasting these with their later and more genteel compe titors of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. These did not go out till after all Christian persecution in the island had ceased, and the present Sovereign had, at the personal intercession of Queen Victoria, granted freedom of worship. There were then about a dozen flourishing congre gations of native Christians at the capital. The new missionaries were originally located at Tamatave, a seaport; but very soon, as Dr. Livingstone quaintly says, 'the good pious men sent back the touching cry to London, 'Let us go np to the capital' ' Half apologizing for the shadow of a reflec tion on such a body as the S. P. Cr., he continues: — 'It is not to be sup posed that the Managers of the Society named felt that they were guilty of un Christian meanness in intruding into other men's labours, while tens and hundreds of millions of wholly untaught heathen were equally within their reach. These things are done from want of kind consideration.' It is the accumulated sadness of much observation of missionary mismanagement that breaks out in this curious epistle, in which the traveller speaks of himself as a prophet in the wilderness, ' sitting up here at Unyanyembe in wearisome waiting for Mr. Stanley to send men up here from the coast— two full months' march, or 500 miles distance.' With all Central Africa behind him he cannot prevent the thought rising in his mind that the Church of England and the Universities have, in intention at least, provided the Gospel for the heathen, and why does it not come? Then their want of charity makes him con jecture that if we had twelve native churches at Unyanyembe, oratUjiji, on the Tangan yika, the 'Bishops of Central. Africa' would eight years ago have been in here like a shot, and no colonel's advice, however foolish, would have prevented them. The Doctor takes some trouble to show his American friend that he accepts Bishops in general, and missionary Bishops in particular — cum qrano scUis. He tells a good story of one who spread his pastoral crook over the Sand wich Islanders who had been christianized by the American missionaries : — 'But it lately appeared that the converted islanders wanted an Episcopalian Bishop, and a Bishop they got, who, in sheer lack of good breeding, went about Honolulu with a great paper cap on his head, ignoring his American brethren, whose success showed them to be of the true Apostolic stamp, and declaring that he, the novice, was the only Bishop — the enly true Bishop, and no mistake. Of all mortal men missionaries and missionary Bishops ought mani festly to be true gentlemen, and it does feel uncomfortably strange to see our dearly beloved brethren entering into their neighbours' folds, built up fey the toils of half a century, and being guilty of conduct, through mere non consideration, that has an affinity to sheep stealing.' Altogether this letter is a wonderful outcome of the life of its writer and of the profession to which he originally belonged. It censures the modern missionary without mercy, but not as other censors do for the purpose of snubbing him. Dr. Livingstone's design was to incite his successors to seek out the real primitive heathen, and to trust them despite all the stories that are current of their savagery. It is whole- hearted missionaries of the Bishop Patteson type that this prince of modern travellers and missionaries desires to see entering upon the mission-field. The Duties op Ministers. — In another poit of the paper we reprint from the GczzUa the amerded regulations for the estabVsh i-ent of a regular and uniform system of conducting the public bnsin'*» of the pro virce, approved by the Governor in Execu tive Council on the 4th of July. The rearrangements that have been made are fc'ose winch 'nave been rendered necessary by the appointment of a sixth Minister, aad it will be seen that they ate of no great moment. As stated a few days ago in Parliament, Mr. Bundeyis to relieve the Chief Secretary of the charge of Education and the Institutes, the Commissioner of Crown Lands of the Northern Territory, and the Attorney- General of a certain unde5n:d and, so far as we can judge, extremely indefinite portion of bis duties. We had hoped that this list would have furnished a more explicit statement of the functions of the Minister of Justice than that given to the Assembly by Mr. Blyth, but it does nothing of the kind. It does not assign to him the position of a law officer of the Crown, and it is silent as to the work that is to come before him in the 'Justice1' department. The general announcement is made that he is to conduct all public business connected with and to manage matters affecting the Korthern Territory, but that is alL It may be mentioned that by virtue of the responsibilities conferred upon him the new Minister, in addition to his other appella tions, is entitled under an Act of 1872 to the name of Commissioner of the Northern Terri tory. FrEiCH Politics.— The Legitimises iu France liave sustvaed ano^er reverse £3 signal £3 any that they have bitheua expa lienced. The division upan then- mot on hostile to the Ministry, and, it is to be pre sumed, to the Septennat, left them in a very small minority indeed. While the debata was in progress the report spread that the members of the Left and Extreme Left intended coalescing with the friends of Henri 5nq, but at the last they srera to have thought better of it Such a combination of Irreconcilable! could have nad no other object than the embarrassment of the Government and the subversion of the pre sent provisional order of things. It is not surprising, however, that the fiepub'icms should, when brought to the test, have re fused to place themselves in the equivocal position of siding with the Monarchists upon a question of vital moment. Flushed with their victory over the Legitimists, the Ministry endeavoured to snatch a vote in | favour of the Septennat ; but in this inst mce the Left remained at their port, and turned the scale against the Government by a majority of thirty eight The next motion submitted was in favour of passing to the Orders of the Day; and here the Ministry contrived to gain a slight advantage, but so slight that Ministers thought it wefl to seek escape from their difficulties] by tendering their ructions. The refusal of Marshal MacMahoQ to accept then, and his determi nation to insist upon an ample «*w'g«Mtiiwp of his powers, betoken the approach of some thing like a coup ditat. The President has declared more than once that he has no intention of yielding one jot of the authority formally conferred upon him as the ruler of France, and with the army at his hack he cap afford to defy the vacillating action of 9oH-dm.nl representatives of the people, who evidently do not know their own minds, who are shamefully neglecting the duties they were elected to discharge, and who yet shrink from facing their constituents. Thb Late 8scbrabt of the Maukk Board. —Mr. DeMole, who has recent! j been promoted to the office of Secretary to the new Minister of the Crown, has been held in such high esteem by Portonians that a movement is on foot to entertain him at a parting dinner. He served for over 16 years in a position for which his nautical knowledge and urbane disposition eminently fitted him. Rolling -Stock. —The ship Goolwa of the Orient line has been hauled from the Prince's Wharf to the Company's crane at Fort Adelaide in order to discharge railway plant which she has on board. There are two locomotives, each weighing 15 tons, aid the paint and bright work of the engines appear to have been untarnished by the sea voyage. Mb. Faibclodgh's Recitals.— Mr. Fairclough gave the last of his recitals in Adelaide on Friday evening to a large but not crowded attendance. 1'ha selection of pieces evidenced a desire on the part of tbe reciter to give his audience as great a variety as possible, and it was as on previous occasions admirably calcu lated to exhibit in a strikiog manner the masterly ability of this talented elocutiotr'st. Mr. Fairclough commanded breathless attention throughout the entire evening, and those present enjoyed one of the greatest treats ever given to au Adelaide audience. Thb Caijfofman Mail Route.— M will hi seen from our advertising column?, the next steamer of tb's line will be the Mikado, to leave Sydney on the 1st proximo. Her machinery is under repair, and she will start iu splendid order direct for San Francisco. Wholesale Plundke. — The amount of valuable property lying about Port Adelaide without protection is enormous, aid it is there fore scarcely to be wondered that tome fi'on occasionally loe considerably. The Srath Aus tralian Coal Company have bean deprived of SO tons of coal dut-*n3 the Ifst 18 months, and the greater pat!; of it is supposed to have bean stolen from the hesps. In the c.se of a large firm who imooit timber to a great extant £2CD has been written off to cover the loss on deals alone in 12 mentbs. An Aquatic Novelty.— The Beltana is the name given to a novelty at Port Adelaide, which attracted considerable attention during Friday, and is likely to create another flutter amongst yachtsmen when the craft gets into sailing trim. She is a yacht of 28 feet measure ment between the perpendiculars, 6 feet 5 inches beam, and 5 feet 6 inches depth. Sho has been built by Mr. Potte. whs also con siruciea ine cutter swaiiow. nuueiio sne has been sailing on the Murray Lakes, where her qualities caused the boat to eclipse all competi tors there, and having no more to conquer her owner transported her overland to the Port Some idea of her shape may be gleaned from the fact that ' she would not stand upiight without ballast. The mainmast is 36 feet long, the boom °3 feet, and the other spars are in propoitior. She is so novel in appearance and unlike a cutter that in describing her a yachtsman paid sho was a peifect sailing machine. Her advent now is rather inopportune, as the yachting season being closed there is no foeman in commission to race with her ; but doubtless some enthusiastic lover of aquatics will make up a match with the new Beltanp. Demand fob Labour.— From reports reaching the Clcre Aryut from the North, especially from the neighbourhood of Blaekroek and Pekica, that paper learns that there is a scarcity of agricultural labourers and able-bodied men for fencing. The farmers, being so short handed, will not be able to fallow so much as they anti cipated, and in some instances they will have difficulty in getting the ground fenced where wheat is sown. At present there is a deal of it open, and tae plant is sufficiently advanced to attract cattle and be thus injured. Cape News.— The Cape Standard of May 14 states that 'Bishop Colenso will plead before the Executive Council the cause of the chiefs in the late rebellion, who were, as all men who are unbiassed and can read the law will affii-m, illegally tried.' The Natal Mercury says :— ' A letter received from Wakketstroom dated April 25, written by a thoroughly trustworthy autho rity, states that a serious affray occurred on tbe Zulu border. Catewayo, King of the Zulus, sent his induna, Umbelini, with a commando to kill Umshiana, who has for some years been settled under the Transvaal Government. The com mando did not kill Umsb'ana, but it did massacre 20 of his people, wounded four others, and took away 10 children and SCO hzad of cattle. When the writer tent his letter the commando was 2-l-.ll on the border, and the boers expacfl to be ordered out to arrest Umbelmi. Umsbina h*d fled to Wakkerstroom for protection. The affa:r was expected to be worse than Langabalele's.' Sib James Fergusson.— The Sea Zealand T-Aft of the 6th instant contains the following : — '?' We have authoritv for sayine that the state ment that Sir James Ferguson bas adopted, or desires to adopt, a new practice in respect to intercolonial communications is entirely in correct'. The colour for such a statement, no doubt, arises out of a correspondence which ha3 taken place with tbe Government of Victoria concerting the prohibition of the importation of cattle. The circumitances were simply these — The Government accidentally discovered that the proclamation signed by Sir George Bowen pro hibiting tbe importation of cattle from New Zealand was obviously and absurdly illegal. Ministers thought that there was reason to complain of a Governor putting his Qpme to such a document, and they moved Sir James Fergusson on the subject, leaving it to his discretion either to communicate with Sir George Bowen, or to complain to the Colonial Office. Sir George Bowen, very indignant, sought to make out that it was a matter about which Ministers should have corresponded. A pro longed correspondence has taken place, which will doubtless see the light. Tho Victorian Government have reversed the proclamation; the New South 'Wales Government have not, and it will probably come to a matter for Im perial decision. Apart from the illegality of the proclamation concerning1 New Zealand, it seems that Victoria and New South Wales had no power to make the original proclamation forbidding importations from all countries but the Australian Co'onies ; so that not only has New Zealand had cause to complain, but Greet Britain and all other countries in the world included in the sweeping proclamation.' Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, July 4, were: —Births— Males, 158; females, 160. Deatns— Males, €6; females, 44. Total— Births, 318; deaths, 110. Excess of births, 203. TheDhtiict of Adelaide.— Births— Males, 24; females, 19. Peaths— Males, 14; females, 8. Total— Births, 43 ; deaths, 22. Excess of births, 21. Improved Wool Press.— Any one who has witnessed the transport sod shipment of, the ordinary wool 'bales, especially at the outports wh#re conveniences are limited, will understand the advantage of any means which can be provided for making up the produce in smaller packages before it leavts the station. The ordinary screw press has hitherto been too unwieldly to come into general use, but we understand that improvements effected by Mr. J. M. Iinklater are likely to prove emiaently beneficial to woolgrowers and shippers. The principal improvement consists in working the screw by means of a nut, instead of in the customary way, and this can be done without requiring such a* lofty shci as is necessary with the' common kind. One of the improved presses has just been com* pleted under Mr. Iinklater's directions at Messrs A. Jones k Co.'s foundry, and orders have already been given for two or three more. The advantages claimed are that the new appliances wiD permit of tbe wool being pressed on the station to the sue of tae dump, ready for shipment, and as a consequence some trouble and expense in carting and ship ping will be saved, and besides, there will be to* advantage of getting rid of the iron hoops, which, id addition to their liability to burst, often .through rusting, injure the wool. The packs for the sorew.press beintr shorter aod of wttar quality* viable the wool to bs done ap in sound square packages without any iron binding. Adhaidk Hospital.— A meeting of the Beard of Management of this institution wm held on July 10 :— Number of patients admitted, 58; discharged 47; died, 1 ; now in Hospital, 118; out-patients prescribed for, 546. Fluke m Sheep.— The Government have ap pointed Mr. C. J. Valentine, Inspector of Sheep Mr. H. T. Morris, J.P., of Anlaby, and V:. Allan Maciarlane as a Commission to visit tbe Coorong, and report upon the sheep theia which are said to be infected with fluke. The party started for their destination on Friday evening, and the Ministry expect to hear from them during the course of to- day. The Coolies for the Northern Territory. —The Southern Argot understands from a privif; source that the coolies selected by Captc'n Douglas 'are mostly experienced minenfrom tbe tin mines situated near tbe Banca Straiti, and therefore cannot fail to prove an acquisition.' Suddeh Death at Wahkloo.— JobnCohir. a recluse, aged 65, died about nt'dday on 8:iur day, July 4, in his bed, and a Coroner's Jury, over which Mr. J. Dawson, J.P., presided, r turned a verdict of 'Died from natural cauic~.' Sleep -Walking.— It is reported by tbe Northern Argut that on Monday night, July 6, ' a family residing in New Clare were somewhat alarmed on discovering that one of the member?, a lad eight years of age, had risen from his b:d during his sleep, opened the doors, and wandeicd away. Search was made, but the night be:u? dark it was a difficult task. Tbe scmnam&u;'ut made for a house at some distance, knocked at the door, and was received by the inmates — tr?o females — who on perceiving tie ghost-like ffeir.a were considerably startled. The little fe'low talked to them in a strange manner, seemingly unconscious. He was carried home by hie parents and put to bed. On being questioned the next morning as to what induced him to go out, and how he felt, he seemed surprised, as he was not aware of having left his room.' The Licensed Victuallers.— An adjourned meeting of this trade was held at tbe Clarence Hotel on Friday evening, July 10, when there was a large attendance. Mr. F. E. BucknaH presided, and the Committee lately appointed gave in the report of their canvass of tbe publicans regarding the prices of liquora. Ire report was considered very favourable, and it was resolved that the list agreed to be forwarded to all licensed victuallers in Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and the suburbs. The Bimeowpie.— Captfip Cud'ip, b! JTooufr . showed jq Clare, on Wcdnr.day, Jr'y 8, cure fine fa^ec'mens of copper from tb:s pro{ 3ily. The Gawlkr Soap Works.— Regarding i Ms institution the local paper of July 10 says: — ' The premises and various appliances have been considerably enlarged, and the power of produc tion increased accordingly; and, what is higblv grauiyiug, uuwier auup uaa uubuaujr uevuu a already an article of export, shipments of iu being in request far beyond the limits of tbe Australian Continent. It is satisfactory to add that the spirited and enterprising proprietor b?s succeeded to a great extent in counteracting the effluvia at first connected with the soap-making process at this new establishment of colonial industry.' Mn. J. J. D. Jenkdjgs^ — The latett fesce of the Good Templars' organ remarks: — !* We r. e glad to be able to congratulate our friends in New South Wales on the establishment of tbe Grand Lodge ; and we should not have said any thing further on this subject bad it not been for wbat all must certainly admit to be tbe extra ordinary conduct of the first G.W.C.'x1. in tbh colony, Mr. Jennings. We should like to krow by what authority he calls himself the D:st«ict Deputy Right Worthy Grand Templar cf tbe South Australian Grand Lodge. We do cot wish to go into the many questions that weie agitating the minds of many members of tbe Order before Mr. Jennings' departure from t'i's colony ; but be they as they may, Mr. JenDiD«.s is well enough acquainted with the laws of our Order to know that there is no such officer ?s D.D.R.W.G.C.T. in connection with a Grand Ledge, atd to tbe best of our knowledge be never held that position at all. His commie ion in South Australia was that of a Special Deputy of the E.W.G.T., and we think it hardjy ) sely that he has received another commission since then. We alto notice that Brc. Wearne waa elected District Deputy Grand Worthy Templar. There is no such office in a Grand Lodge, scd we fail to understand whet Mr. Jennings could mean by installing such an officer.' The Skin Trade.— Messrs. J. Sifting & Co. baye favoured us vtith a copy of one of Mesrt*. Windeler & Bowes' recent London circular*, because it contains the following information of special interest to flock owners and produce shippers :—' To show the mpgnitude of the skin trade we subjoin a statement of tbe imcort in'o Fng'-»nd alone m 1873. viz. : — Piver PJate, 29,201 bales, contamicg about 3,5C8,CC0 skips ; Caje of Good Hope, 12,082 bales, containing about l,K0,CC0 skins; Australia and New Zea land, 3,678 bales, conta'Vne about360,CC9skir-p. River Plate skins are received in pressed and boopedbales,weighing9C0tol,CQ01b3.,cont*uri-g from 9 to 11 dozens each, and almost always in an unwashed bta-e, with the heads and dung locks trimmed off. lhefl;ns ere clp-ed into Meiico, No. 1, No. 2, No. 3, scabbed and totr ; tbey are folded foot lengthways and tben doubled pgr'r, but tefore be;og to'ed the fk'ts are cured aa follows to prevent woimr. Atfer be:ng stripped from tbe sheep tbe slrr-s sre stretclrd out to dry on ropri or wires in tbe open air, but scrrencd from the sun to prevent the skia ircoff'D? brittle. When tbey^ Pie thoroughly dry tbe fleshy i'de ?s p/nlrd with a solution made ?s follows— £0 ltr. of ai.erJc and 28 1'us. soda are nvx d with 50 gallons wp '- * r, *nd boiled for three hfluis unfl dissolved. Ore quart of this solution is then added to one^alkn of water, and tbe mixture is then applied with a whitewash brush, so rs just to damp the pel*. Skins should not be dried too quickly, or t-ey will creek where folded, ?nd P9 a neither of choice it would Le tetter not to fold them at a!1. A similar method might be applied to Aus tralian skins; but ?f any better plau fa known we shall be glad to hear of it, ?nd c-rcaUte it through the trade, as well as any other hints that may be useful.' Bf etroct Sugar.— A contemporary savs that ' a very interesting lecture w* s lately delivered in Melbourne on the manufacture of beetroot sugar, by Mr. Joachimi, C.E., who, to show the great progress made by the industry of latj ?years, stated that in 1850 only 100,000 tons of beetroot sugar was made in Europe, but that quantity was increased in subsequent years as follows:-Tn 1860. 275.0C0 tons; in 1365, 443,252 tons; in 1868, 650,080 tons; in 1869, 841.C0O toBs; and in 3870, 925,000 tons (tho latter quantity representing at a moderate price £30,000,000). The produce of the season of 1871 in Europe was le~s than that of 1870 on account of the war, which raked the price of fcugrr to £57 per ton, the average price beitij from i'36 to £44 per ton. Ihere was, he said, only one beetroot sugar factory in England, but one-teeth of the sugar produced ou the Con tinent was sent to tiat country.' MAGiLt asd Kensington Wateb Supplt.— I public meeting was held at the Ea-t Torreis loiel, Ma^ill, on Friday erenhj, July 10, to ?pceive a report ri reference to the propoead tew water supply from tbe Third Ckhx. Then ras a rather small attendance ; Mr. W. Lotvj Mttom presided. At a former meetii? tie icheme was referred to a Committee, consutfo'? -f Messrs. W. Lon-jbottom, B. W. Wright, T. Barnc-, W. K. Mallyon, and others. Mr. W. Murray, C.EL, had been employed to mtk* sur reys I the locilitv, and had seat iu a report. It ippe.jred there we're three 'sites which had been sxauihed— No. 1, on Section No. 849, would \tf --rd the means of impounding a large auan nty of water, bat would be very expensive ; No. 2, would also af ord a goci supply, but WiJ likely to be expeoblve on account of tbe wxtfcije which would tike pl^oe unless a lar^e amount of puddliojwere done; No. 3 w^s regarded a3 sffordh; the most favourable conditions. It was just above N*. 2, at the north-west corner of Section 1108, and Mr. Murray estimiisd that £1,000 would make a reservoir capable of re taining 6C D,000 gallons of wat *?; or if excivated, double that quantity. The Chairman statxl that on receipt of that report they communicatid with Mr. B. T. Smith, aid found the residents of North Keusfagtai were also suffering from a cb&aent; watir supply. A deoutitioa then wait:d on the Comumsioner of Public WorH, who prom'sci that it a member for the d'Hriot would move for a survey and report on tbe scheme by the Bngncer ? in'- Chief, the Government would support it. Mr. Smith accordingly moved t) that effest. and he was happy to say the motion was agreed to. O a Wednesday morning he had the pier ~mre of eoing up to the proposed site with Mr. Mais and Mr. Patterson. They thought the quantity o! wat?r that could be impounded there would be insufficient; but a little higher up there was a spot where it was thought a large reservoir could be formed. Be was not authoilzed to say that Mr. Mail would recommend that, but he believed that he would, i! the cross sections aud borings wen favourable, advise the construction of waterworks there. He thought they mi^ht congratdhte themselves on the satisfaot)ry st-.ta of the affair u- far. Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., who apologized for Mr. Stevenson, s'd he believed the members of tha House would, one and all, suppoit the Lcheme it Mr. Ma:s recommended it. He pointed out that the resident? in North Kensington a« the present time bad to get their supplies during the n'ght when other places were not using the water, asd store it for use dm ing the daytime, as they could not then obt.-in a supply. Such a state ?! tkfag3 was greatly to be regretted, and the Government, he believed, were fully alive tD the necc sit? of an additional means of supply ing the locality. He siw the Comnr liouer of Public Works that day, and Mr. M?:s assured him that no time should be lost. He bslieved he wrs favourably improved with the general uheme, but of course uut-l the borings were made he could not give a definite odnion. He hoped the reoort would notlilongdeiayed. They might see a iii'l for the work parsed this ses sion of PerHament. (Hear, near.) Mr. W. Murray pointed out that when hfs services were called into requisition it was only a matter taken up by a few pilvate gentlemen who wished to oDtsm a supply of water from the creak. If there bad been say idea that the affrrr would luve assumed such large pro porl'ers he cocld have given a more com pleta end ehborata repo.i. lhe Chairman and illr. T. Bp'.ncs a;quie:ced in that explanation. Mr. W. P. Avid bopcdMr.MaTs would goarantca tbat ray scheme he carried out wotfd not d;Tiicv?h the supply of wat3r to propiietora lc wer do«p. Mr. B ' \na thought that could ba e?i«ly done, fid would re- 1 with tbe Govern ment. On the motion of Mr. Bunn, seconded by Mr. How lit, thjnks were accorded to Mr. Langbottom, the Ch?:io%a'J, and Mr. MMlton (tbe ?.'3ret?-.y of the Committcs), to Messrs. Snnth and Stever.Dn, M.P.'s, and tj tbe P« \ The .a bating been acl aowlt i^ed tb.9 prcci in§3 ecdii. The poitlon of the town hip o: Mpj-'H ;s represented by thefollov.irgfijuu :, wHch have ksnc'teijily co'npV.cd: — Hoiv ?, 119; 'sbabi^nts, 'S5; r ~. u sc d * ^.ue of pi oi ? . -/, £3,802. Raiss if IB? F*R NORTH.— A coirespondc^ »r!'3g to the Nci'h'^n Argv* from Mo.tL Scrle on tbe £rd ;r .£., rij j tbat lv'n b 3 '?- i ''nabundeure throughout the Far NoiiK School at Hamlet Bridge.— In the latest report of the Education Board it should have been stated tbat the Rev. M. M. Dick, of Alma, had sent in a preliminary application Ter a licence on behalf of Mrs. Joseph Bell, of Hamley Bridge. ; An Old Hobsf.— Some davs mute we pu1 ? ':«hed a paragraph from a Melboctvne pry ?? detailing the death of a very old brewer's bov, known as ' Old Coppin.' The Argut of a sub x. ? quent date to the publicr.lion of the obituary notice says: — ' £ a amount of euilosity wm er prc£sed throughout the town yesterday at tbe renouncement that ' Old Coppin is dead.' Whii old Coppin? It appears that Mr. George Copp'ri, in addition to many avocations, was a brewer -n I860, and became the purchaser of a very i'-Te diaught horse. Upon retiring from businc:s, 1^3 sold tho horse to the Carlton Brewery. Eaveio1 prizes were taken by this splendid animal :?'?: horse shows, and out of compliment to his pu vious owner he was called ' Old Coppin.' ' TOXISEMST FOB ABDUCTION IN CHJSA.— A contemporary rentes the following facts to rbovr tbat ' punishment ;n Cbina is peculvx. Acco '*- *».? to recent t ccounts a Mongolian actor, resM irg in the Flowery Loud, and rejoicing in the b?M.rioEic name of ' Yang Yerll.n,' had tvu temerity to contract a matiimon'il alliance wi--h a young lady with the full assent of her mother, but contrary to the v sh of her friends. He \i..~. immediately arrested, charged with abduction, and centenccd to the mila punishment of 100 blows on the ancle with a heavy bamboo; &ul.;:?- quently to be suspended by the thumbs, wiih h:s arms reversed behind his back, for twelve hours; and finally to have b:s neck comp-est:d with a i'?ht collar tQl complete exhaustion ?nsued. With the exception of the chotirg prccc .':??, the full punishment was ciriied out. rJ.he young bride, for her pjrt in the ti»f sacb'ou, had her fair features dilapidated with 100 blows on the face with a leather strap.' A Sensible Remark.— The Sdool Beard Chronicle says: — 'A correspondent of good repute in the teaching world asks, ' Why in the Eritish Isles are girls purposely taught to write in a manner different from boys — a style which often renders their writing very bard p.nd irksome to decipher ? As far as my experience goc3,' he adds, ' this h not the practice amoDg any continental people using the same cha racters— e.g., the French, Italians, Spaniards, or Portuguese.' ' It seems very desirable that women should in future write the same style as men in view of their employment in business pursuits hitherto only followed by the btemer tax. Tee Smajiest Esgtce ns ieb Woriu— A Lor don scientific paper ftives tbe follow irg eccornt of the smallest ergme in the world— au affeir which is now in the pcetession of Mr. John Peon, of Greenwich. It will stand on a three penny piece, ta its base -plate measures only three eighths of an inch by three-tenth?. Some of the parts are so small that it requires a m.1? nifjing-glccs to see their fonr. The whole weight of the model is less than a threepenny niece. It works admirably up to 20,C.O or 30,GC0 revolutions per minute. (From yesterday's Evening Journal] The Glekelg Jbttt.— A few days ago a letter appeared iu our columns, calling attention to tbe rough state of the roadway at the shore end of the jetly, and we now see that the matter has been taken up by the Marine Board, as at the latest meeting of the local Corporation it was resolved, in compliance with a letter from the Board, that the Overseer should furnish an estimate of tbe co&t; of making a gocd road from the woodwork of the pier to the eastern boundary of the pitch pavement. Football.— A colour match 's to be played at Kensington to-morrow afternoon. Me. and Mrs. Case.— A large and fashion able audience greeted Miss Grace Bgerton's first appearance at Glenelg. From the commence ment to the finale hearty applause was evoked. Sir. Case claimed a fair share of laurels for hu exquisite solos on tha English concertina. The residents of Norwood -sill have ao opportunity of witnessing theso talented artists for the last tim«, an.l will probably show by a crowded house Lew the entertainment caii be appre ciated. 