THE PERPETUAL ALMANAC ; OR THE GENTLEMAN SOLDIER'S PRAYER BOOK. When the 60th Regiment of Foot was once stationed in a large English city, the sergeant commanded his party io the church, and when j the parson had ended his prayer, he took his text ; and all of them that had a Bible pulled it out to find the text ; but Richard Middle ton, a private soldier, had neither Bible, almanack, nor common prayer-book. He put his hand in his pocket and' pulled oat a pack of cards, and spread them before him as he sat. While the parson was preaching he first kept looking at one card .ind then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said, ' Richard, put up your cards ; for thi3 is no place for them.'' ** Never mind that,' said the soldier, ' for you have no business with me here.' When the parson had ended his sermon and all was done, the soldiers repaired to the churchyard, and the commanding officer gave the word of command to fall in, which they did. The sergeant of the city took the soldier prisoner. 'Man, you are my prisoner,' said the seryrepn*. ' Me? ' said the soldier, ** What have I done that 1 Bijould be vour prisoner ?' '* You have played a game of cards in fhurch,' said the sergeant. haid the soldier, ' I have not played a game of cards in church ; I only looked at a pack.' ' No matter for that, you are my prisoner.' ' Where must we go ?'' asked the soldier. ^ ' You must go before the Mayor of the city,' said the sergeant. So he took him before the Ms-yor, and when they came to the Mayor's house, he was at dinner. When he had dined, he came to them and said, ' Well, sergeant, what do you want with me.' 'I have brought a soldier before, your Honor for plaving at cards in the church.'' ' What ! that eoldier ?' ' Yes.' *' Well, soldier, what have vou to say for yourself?' ' Much, sir, I hope.' ' Well and good ; but if you have not, yon shall be punished the worst that ever man was.5' ' Sir,' said the soldier, ' I hare been five weeks upon the march, and have hut little to subsist on, and am without either Bible, almanack, or common prayer-book, or anv thing but a pack of cards. I hope to satisfy your Honor of the purity of my intentions.' Then the soldier pulled out of his pocket the pack of cards, which he spread before the Mayor, and began with the ace. ' When I see the ace,' eaid he, ' it puts me in mind that there is one God only ; when I see the deuce, it puts me in mind of the Father and the Son ; when I see the tray, it. puts me in mind of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; when I see the four, it puts me in mind of the four Evangelists that preached the Gospel, viz., Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John ; when I see the five, it puts me in mind of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps — there were ten, but five were foolish, and were shut out ; when I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth ; when I see the seven, it puts me in mind that on the seventh day God rested from all the works he had created and mt -wherefore the Lord blessed the seven4 day and hallowed it ; when I see the ei^. . it puts me in mind of the eight righteous persons who were saved in the ark when God drowned the world, viz., Noah and his wife and his three sons and their three wives; when I see the nine, I am reminded of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour — there were ten, but nine never returned God thanks ; wh^ii I see the ten, it putti me in mind of ten commandments ihat God gave to Moses on Mount Sinai on the two tables of stone.' 'When I see the queen, its puts me in mind of the Queen of Sheba, who came from Ihe furthermost parts of the world to hear the wisdom of King Solomon, and who was as ?wise a woman as he was a man, f-r she brought fifty boy6 and fifty girls, ail dressed in boys' apparel, to show before King Solomon, for him to tell which were bovs and -which girls, but he could not tell until he called for water to wash themselves ; the jiirls washed up to their elbows, and the bo3Ts oniy to Jheir wrists, so King Solomon told by that ; and aiso, of Quwn Elizabeth, to pray }'??? ii ??- ; and when J r-ec. ihe Kin-r, it puts ine ? : :??? :: i of the Grc.ai Ring of Ueaven and . ' i is, ?-- hich is God Almighty.' ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' you have given a very good description of all ihe cards except one, which is lacking.' ' What is that ?' asked thersoldier. *' The knave,' said the Mayor. *' Oh I can give your Honor a good description of that ; if your Honor won't be angry.' ' No I will not,' said the Mayor, ** if you will not term me the knave.' 'Well,' said the soldier, 'the greatest knave that I know of is the sergeant of the city, who brought me here.' ' I don't know,' said the Mayor, ' that he is the greatest knave, but I am cure he is the greatest fool/* ' I shall now show your Honor how I use the cards as an almanac.' ' You certainly are a clever fellow,' said the Mayor, ' but I think you will have a hard matter to make that appear.' ' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find there are three hundred and sixty- five j there are so inanv days in a year.' ' Stop,' said the Mayor, ' tbat's a mis take.' ' I grant it,' said the soldier, ' but as I have never yet seen an almanac that jvas thoroughly correct in all points, it would have been impossible for me to imitate an almanac exactly — without a mistake.' ' Your observations are very correct,' said the Mayor ; *' go on.' ' When I count how many cards there are in a pack, I find there are fifty-two ; there are so many weeks in the year. When I count how many tricks there are in a pack, I find there are thirteen ; there are so many months in a year. So you see, sir, that this pack of cards is a Bible, almanac, common prayer book, and a pack of cards, all in one.' Then the Mayor took a loaf of bread off the tabie, and gave it to the soldier, and said to him, *' This time, soldier, you may go, but the next time you go to church, take a Bible, like other folks, and keep your own to use upon the march. Here is a loaf for you, for if you subsisted five davs marching on a pack of cards, having neither Bibie, almanac, nor com mon prayer-book, you must now be hungry. You may qo' 