Mount Perry Conner Mines. In spite of the direct pecuniary interest which a very numerous section of the community either has or has had in the mines of the Mount Perry district, but few persons have much idea what sort of a place it is which has absorbed so much money. Tho town of Mount Perry lies in a long valley, which is watered by a pretty mountain stream, or rather by a mountain stream which would be pretty were the town absent. The greater por- tion "of the buildings are on private ground, namely, the Mount Perry Mine, the private township of Fife-Barnett (taken up as a mineral selection), and the Canterbury selection. Indi- vidual enterprise was, as usual, too prompt for the Government, mid building lots had been eagerly sought for months before the regular township was laid out. As a natural conse- quence when it was offered for sale there was no demand to speak of, although its situation is immensely superior and pleasanter than the nar- row valley, almost a gorge, along which the actual town is squeezed. Parallel with the main street to the northward a bold and lofty range bounds the view, its crest being dis- tant about half-a-mile. From this range massive spurs extend toward the town, sinking into the valley which it occupies ; and, diagonally traversing these spurs and the inter- mediate ravines, are the lodes of copper ore com- prised in the Mount Perry and Normanby minos, and the Canterbury Mineral Selection, situated right between the two, and, so far as can be judged from surface indications and the trifling amount of work done on its lodes, of a character somewhat similar to the Normanby. 'A little distance up one of these spurs stand the seven furnaces of the Mount Perry Com- pany, mid straggling up the steep ascent are the various buildings and some of the workings con- nected with the mine. On the opposite side of the valley occupied by- the town the hills have a different character, rising bluffly up, with rounded tops. Unlike the opposing range, which is of granite, these hills are of a slate formation, the transition suddenly occurring in the valley; and in these slate hills no discovery of copper has yet been made, although the lodes trend directly towards them. So far as is at present known, the lodes here extend no further than the granite. At the back of these rounded hills the crater- like cone of Mount Perry towers over all, and forms a permanent feature in the landscape. Although most of the land immediately adjacent to the, Mount Perry and Normanby mines has been selected as mineral, little work has been done, and except in the case of the " Canter- bury" little favorable is known of any of the blocks. A ride of some six miles in a north- westerly direction over a very fair road traversing country, for the most part not selected, brings one to the Wolca mine and the group of out- siders which cling to its skirts. The country here becomes a jumble of granitic ranges of trifling altitude, the little hamlet of Wolca. nestling beside a running stream known as Drummer's Creek. The only signs of remaining vitality here consist of a small machine worked by horse-power, crushing such ores as continue to be extracted, and the refuse ores left from former operations. Some half-dozen men aro engaged in breaking the ores to about the size of road metal, ready for the rollers, and in the further stages of "dressing" to fit it for sale. Beyond this again lies a stretch of fair undu- lating grazing country, which comprises the notorious Victoria " mine," and a selec- tion known as the Queensland, on which some work has been done with middling results, and which was at one time nearly floated in Sydney. Thc Marchioness selection also lies here, with fair surface indications practically un- tested. The Mount Perry Mail never mentions these blocks, anti others belonging to the same proprietary, without considerable enthusiasm. Further still, among rugged ranges lies the now extinct Potosi, the financial ghosts of which, and of the Victoria, are likely to scare investors from this direction for many a long day. All these groups lie to the west of the Mount Perry and Bundaberg road, which traverses, at about five miles from the first- named town, a selection known as the Garvock, on which, in the bank of a creek a little off the road, a tunnel has been driven some distance, but apparently neither far enough to prove the lode nor materially to damage the owners' pockets. A little further on, keeping along the elevated crest of granite ridges, brings one to the semi-ruined buildings of the Ellendale, another Maryborough venture, unprofitable thus far, and not now being worked; thc capital being expended. After another couple of miles the road traverses some nice easy ridges well grassed and gently dipping into a small lint. A number of huts and buildings, some clearly intended for permanence, but most of them merely of bark, stand along the road and belong to the Fortunatus mine, at the shaft of which, visible from the road, considerable activity pre- vails. The country included in this mine ap- pears to have escaped the tossing about to which most of the others seem to have been subjected by volcanic or other action, and is alike refresh- ing to the traveller's eye and his horse's legs. The road proceeds through a couple of miles of pleasant, well-grassed ridgy land, most of which is included in some very large selections, known as the Waverley, and then crosses the lowest saddle of an abrupt and rugged range whose difficulties have been wonderfully diminished by a piece of admirable cutting and road making. To the left lies a jumble of terribly broken country, riven by numerous ravines, down which picturesque streamlets hold their course. The enterprise of the prospector has penetrated these fastnesses which form the group of selections known under the general name of the British Lion, and specifically as the Albert, Mulgrave, Hercules. The Prince of Wales, held by another proprietary, also lies (or rather rises) there. This awful jumble of hills runs along parallel with the road, and further towards Bundaberg a branch track, on which many hundreds of pounds have been spent by the Edina Company, gives access to that pro- perty, otherwise inaccessible for drays. The Champion adjoins the Edina and a group of nameless selections. Another mile of road skirting the base of the hills brings the traveller to the town of Boolboonda, situated at the foot of a spur leading up to the formidable mountain which constitutes the well-known mine of that name ; and a few miles further, leaving the Cambria and its surrounding group of anonymous blocks about a mile on the left, reaches the ultima thule of the mineral discoveries, a mine recently discovered, and known as the New Moonta, situated at the point where the ranges gently subside into the normal level of the- country, and comprising partly easy spurs and partly an open Hat. lt will be perceived that in one direction the mineral discoveries extend over twelve miles of country, and it may be said that were straight exterior lines to be drawn from the out-lying blocks so as to form a continuous boundary, the area thus circumscribed, which is everywhere dotted with selections, would contain at least 150 square miles of country. The whole of this immense tract is strongly mineralised ; it is, in fact, an article of local faith that there is not within these limits a single hundred- acre area on which a lode or seam, large or small, of copper ore could not be found by patient search. The whole of the space is, in fact, reticulated with a network of veins, for the most part worthlessly small, so far as can at present be judged. It is, however, almost certain that a certain percentage will be found to attain dimensions sufficient to reward the judicious outlay of capital, and that a few of the best will yield their owners very large profits indeed. 