A NUT FOR SPIRITUALISTS. [New York I Times'] After a lapse of of twenty-four years, Rochester promises to become once more a centre of attraction to investigators of spiritual phenomena. In '1849 what is known as modern spiritualism may be said to have had its chief start in that historic city. The Fox Sisters, after having " raised" the spirit of a murdered pedlar from the malarious atmosphere of a cellar at Hyde, ville, Arcadia township, Wayne county, New York, proceeded to Rochester, as they asserted, by spiritual advice, and opened public seances at Corinthian Hall. A committee of respectable citizens was appointed to inquire as to the nature of certain noises which were heard by the audience, and a report was rendered to the effect that, although a thorough inquiry had been instituted, it had been found impossible to discover the source of the noises. This was accepted by thousands of persons at the time as proof positive that the spirits of the departed might, under favourable conditions, turn to earth and do unlimited table-turning, " stamping," and bell-ringing. The Foxes, having thus cunningly acquired a reputation for wonderful " mediumship," were enabled to visit the principal cities in the country, and to draw a considerable amount of gold into their purses. A few years subsequently, mysterious noises were heard at a house in the vicinity of Rochester, but they were soon forgotten, the curiosity and astonishment produced by the Foxes elsewhere having proved the greater attraction. But now that the fame of these " girls" has been so thoroughly eclipsed by other " mediums" the American spiritualists may, find it profitable to make use of some " manifestations" which are said to be at present in full operation at the residence of Mrs. Gascoigne, in the townland of Chili, within a short distance of Corinthian Hall. We have it on the authority of the ll< chester Union, that Mrs. Gascoigne, " with her family, consisting of herself, her son, twelve years of age, and several smaller children, have been driven to the very brink of despair by the nightly occurrence of the most terrible noises during many months." Some years ago it appears that the mysterious mansion at Chili became the property of a person, the initial of whose name has only been published by the Union." He made at his residence, and, for a reason which has not been explained, took Mrs. Gascoigne into his service as housekeeper. In this capacity she continued down to about five or six months ago, when Mr. A. died, leaving her in possesion of his effects. For a few nights after his demise, the stillness of death reigned." Scarcely an entire week had passed, however, when Mrs. Gascoigne's propose was disturbed by " the familiar footsteps " of the deceased. At first, she of course, thought it was fancy, and tried to compose herself to sleep, but it was no use. She distinctly heard the creaking of the door of the room which had formerly been occupied by Mrand presently she was still further alarmed by the bed-side, which seemed to yield to the pressure of a human body. Then she heard what seemed to her like sounds that would be produced by a person engaged in the act of putting on tight boots. As soon as the last stamp was given to the floor a noise was made as if somebody was ascending the stairs. On the following night the manifestations wore more varied. The chairs and tables in the parlour were tossed about rather freely, and at certain intervals " a single whistle, of an apparently human voice, shrill and distinct," was heard by every person in the house. Mrs. Gascoigne adds, that night after night a little dog that had belonged to the deceased responds to the whistle in the most eager manner, but never gives evidence of seeing anything. To these singular pranks, doubtless lost they should become monotonous, the "ghost" very often adds the more exciting one of snatching the bed covering, with lightning quickness, from the almost paralyzed body of the twelve-year-old Gascoigne. Four men, neighbours of the Gascoigne it seems, have repeatedly undertaken to solve the mystery. One of the number states positively that a form, which in every respect resembled Mr. A. in the flesh, on one occasion passed before him as he lay upon a lounge. He immediately jumped up, and had just begun to propound a number of questions, when " the spectre, if such it were, Boom disappeared." Mrs. Gascoigne remains in the house by the advice of counsel, for the purpose of making good her claim to it in law. Otherwise, she declares she would prefer to gather her children around her, and take shelter in a burn. Surely foots like those cannot be allowed to go investigated. The pedlar's depressed spirit in the Arcadian collar, as material for an " ox statement," was as nothing compared with the whistles, clothos-snatohings, and boot pulling of this Child ghost, The opportunity afforded for its revival at Rochester of the scenes of 1849 is decidedly tempting, and we shall be very much surprised if it is not taken advantage of. Moreover, it would be doing a kindly service to a niucli-uffiiotod family to relieve it of the presence of one of the most trying of annoyances. A LADY who was constantly quarrelling with her husband expressed her surprise that they disagreed so frequently, for said she, we agree uniformly in one grand point: he wishes to be matter, and as I do I, 