ST. MARY'S PRO-OATHBbJJAL. — UUOU, FRIDAY. .; ....'.. To sriy Rb. Mary's Pro-Cathedral was crowded on the .evening of- Good Friday would very ina dcqnately express the real fact. The whole of the' sittings were inconveniently, crammed, and the nnmerons chaira provided for expected visitors occupied, long before the service com menced. From the altar, there seemed to be a vast 'sea of human facts ; the doorways were blocked up, and outside the Church great crowd-j waited An.- some vain hopo of admission. Thanks to the excellent arrangements male for the accommodation of non-pewholders, numbers of Probt&tanb; visitors (amongst;, whom we noticed several 1- ad'ng members of all denomi nations) woiv. admitted by ticket sonio consider able timo b.fore the general congregation. The utmost !?o6d order was observed, and nothing occurred 'to interrupt tho solemn Tenebrne, or the magnilicent ssrinon that followed. In con sequencs of the crowde i state of the edifice it was deisrned advisable to commence the Tene brai oflice a little earlier thau usual. His (xrace the Most Rev. Archbishop Poldiug presided ; Deans M' Oar thy and Kenny, the Very Rev. Prior D\vyer!, and the Rev. Fatuers Walsh, Mahony, BaysaiUi, Coletti,' Quirk, aid CalUehor, taking ipart in - the. recital. ,. Tlio ' Jerusalem, Jerusalem,' and ' Christus factus,' wprt. beautifully sung by the choir. When the office was concluded, and the lights were restored, his Grace of Nazianzus (the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan) entered, and, standing at the altar, preached an affecting and powerful description of' 'tlrs Passion of our Blessed Lord. This discourse was divided into ' three parts, representing our Divine Redeemer's ' .' i; three hours' agony on the Cross, , ami, in the interval of oaph part the choir sang a portion of thy '. Stab'at'Mater '? The sermoa was brought ,' tb'a close soon after TO o'clock. , ,? ''''' 1 We append a brief sketch for the benefit of those who. had .not , the. privilege of beiug ., prfsent. ./;.... ,?,,.;,;?.,..,?., . ;i .???, : . ? , , His Grace commenced.:— In the jSTame of the ... Father, and of the Son, and. of the Holy G.ho.st. Amen'. ' Surely He hath borne our infirmities, and carried our sorrows ; and we thought Him as it were a leper, and as one struck by God and afflicted. .But He was wounded for our iniquities, ! He was bruised for our sins : the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and ' By' His braises W6'ave haale'i.' — Words taken i from Iaaias, 53rd ehup. 4th and 5th versesil :i '?' ' Diarly Beloved : If I feel an embarrassment in addressing you on this occasion, it is on account of the awful subject with which I have to deal, rand the impossibility of any man picturing as it should be pictured the Passion of our Lord aii/1 Saviour Jesus Christ. I expe rience an embarrassment that makes me fear and tremble lest one iota of thn marvellous imag;e should be snatchecl away ; that anything I may. say, might' distract your attention, even for a moment, from the awful sufferings of our Divhie' Lord. Let us cast from our- thoughts all 'human desires and affections'; lei :us put aside all 'our worldly hopes and aspirations ? let all be forgotten, but ;he one marvrtllous' -picture''' of Jesus' crucified. Let us consider the great works' He has done for us, that He might drag us frbni the pit, and ob tain for us the crown 'of immortality in tin king dom of. heaven. Oh, how can We impress upon o'lir hearts this wbntlrous love for' sinners that induced God the Son made man to suffer aud '? ! die upon 'the cros^ for us ? How can we con template the mockeries, the insiilts, the blas phemies, ; the frightful 'tortures, and the death wounds, without beating our breasts with hu- ' ' iriility aivl penitence, and crying out, the Lord is truly Go^. Let us follow our Divine Lord at a great distance ; let us follow in His footsteps to the cross ; let us look on His sufferings and humiliations; let us try to understand the great question of His love. As he lived so He died. His life and death were a counterpart of ? e^ch other. He continued in sorrow, pain, and ? torment, to teach man to forget self, to purify his;soul, to love God. As mau lives so will he ? ' '' die. If he lives well, he will die well ; if he, .'??' lives il1, he will die so. ?Christ is our mod'el. l Christ has'tro.iden the path and marked'tha road. If your life is holy, your death will he holy. It is a consideration 6t the' deepest importance,' ?in imeditatiiig- on the Passion of bur Divine ? ?Swiour, that bur' minds should be stamped with the truth — that He was not only man, but God — God dying for !rriao ;— once' done; biice: accom- plished, accomplished for 'ever.- ' He is God as ?'?' well as mivu. Tne Son of the Eternal Father ! took upon Himself our human nature. God' really' died, U-orl really sulrered ; God could speaic of his body, his hands, his feet, his eyes, his lips. Humanity waV assumed by God; ?'' God's blood 'was shed '?; ' God's body suffered. TheLord of Glory was killed that men might be saved: The' God-man offered ; himself that the sins of men should be expiated. The Jews, ???? at the time of our Blessed Saviour, expected the coming of ft great and powerful ruler. God had promised Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob that t{the sceptre shall not be taken awav from Judah, nor a ruler fro ai his thigh, till He come that it' is- to be sent, and He shall -be the expectation of; all natiotn.' The Jews looked, therefore, for some great king- or. poten tate, who -by the power of. the sword would ' make them a greivt nation upon the earth. ; They certainly did not expect a carpenter's son ; and when oiir Blessed Siviour came amonajst them,., they were struck with astonish- - ineut and fear at the might and power of the Lord. He acted as he died. 'saving man. Was this the conqueror who woulddelivec them ? from the yoke oi! the nations ? Was this the promised Messiah '? — this mail whb had no place ' , wherein to lay His head ? Even the birds of the air had a shelter, yet He had none. Was this the promised liberator? — this wanderer, .this :?? dweUer ia the desert, who sleeus aicouo rentiles ? and poisonous animals, who. was the poorest of . the poor, who was found in the forest or on the mountain side in. prayer ?. Was. this, the pro-, mised One of the tribe of Judah,?— this man who .had no- powerful;, friends, who went about ? amongst the poor every now and then, exerting . his power and. retiring again into obscurity, like ? , ? , a mtiteor.flashing across the firmament and. then lost in darkuesa ? , Jesus Christ, the kind, the meek, the gentle friend of the jioor and sick. But the time is now come . when the Chief Priests and Scribes shall be' filled with fe*r ; the lowly carpenter's son hai lifted up His haid — He has manifested the. might of t His power. The lepers are enred, the blind restored, Lazarus is brought out of the tomb, the widow's son is miraculously raised . from the dead, the Jews (look to hear His doctrine, and his, fame is spread throughout .the. land . That ? sweet face is 'so. full of . tenderness and compas sion — that voice s*o divinely attractive leads them to tli3 knowledge and love of God. Oh ! Divine God -I Merciful Lord ! We love, we adore, we honour Thee ! We will do whatever Tnou commandest ; we will listen to Thy voice, so strong, so sweet ; we will live and die with Th'e, at Thy side ! iSTo5 merely did our Blessed Lord manifest his power to publicans aud sin ners, but the chief priests and. doctors of the . law assembled to .hear, his doctrine, putting artful queitions to try to catch him in his . speech, and setting, spies to watch that they might take hold ..of ,uis words. But, like water3 .vainly beating against a rockj the. answers ..re.- _ , coiled upon the questioners. Meu's intellects .shrank from the replies so calmly, so tenderly, yet so powerfully given — their pride was -,To,r aud they wonderingly held their peace. Sv Ambled for their position ; they saw He They wem ltita(les illfco the desert, and Wf a/Tus was raised from the dead, lepers *', 'and stupendous miracles wrought^lay C ! 1 v they were filled with terror, and re af el'rf to pnT him to death. They gaze with 8 , \nd amazement on His triumphant entry ff XuSm ; they hear the Aon* and Smnaa-of the people ; they see branches of IS? strewn on the road, as a carpet, to do. I ,iv to him, and at last crowds come ?01!h to make Him King of the Jews. S the chief priests determine shall V be accomplished. Already, during ?hp iov of the moment, do' the shadows 111 across the scene, already does that bitter nnTof Gethsemane-the hill of Calvary-the. tortures of the Cross -darken the brightness of tip hour Consider the fearful sufferings our SLed Lord was doomed to endure. Learn from them how to live ; learn from them how 1 lie The hour of His passion is approaching. We see the twelve assembled in the guest hamber ? we hear them dispute who shall be I greater; and He, that marvellous man, their ? chosen friend, teaches them a lesson of humility ; \- He crirds himself with a towel and washes their \ {Lithe feet of Peter, whom He knew would I V nv him— the feet of Judas the betrayer, whom 1 ?re had fed with His own body and blood. He 1 goes forth from that small chamber, sorrowful and sad, heavy with His coming passion to f ransom man's soul from hell— to gain the crown ^ of immortality for those who love Him. ' And I He saith to Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, \ stay you here and watch with me.' Imagine | God Almighty clothed in our. flesh — God in e human nesh : ana unougii m uur uesu »n jjuwcj. I ful all wise, all pure, a.l seeing— going from His 1 dsciples and falling on His face, falling pros 1 trafca on the ground in bitter sorrow and I agony, incapable of standing erect, beaten I flat, overwhelmed with a mighty grief, so that I he is fastened t? the ground. Why, 0 I Jesus ! is this prostration that we see Thee in ? I Why art thou on the ground ? Art thou smit I tm with some fearful disease? His anguish 1 increases— He cries out, 'Father, if it be pos I sible, let this chalice pass from me. Never I theless, not as I will, but as Thou wilt.' What 1 is this fearful disease that has crushed' down' I our Lord with such overpowering force? The I crimes of men, mortal sin — Jesus Christ, the I (rxl-inan, crushed beneath the weight of the 1 iniquities of men. Yes, ib is sia that has brought I (rjd from heaven, clothed Him in. our flesh, and caused Him to walk ainonest sinners. It is mortal sin that caused our Divine Redeemer to cry out in agonising accents, ' Father, if it be possible, let this chalice pa8s from me.' Alas! alas ! it is difficult for us sinners to understand the enormity of sin. Read ' Lives of . the Saints,' where God shewed a vision of one veuial ain to the pure mind of the saint, and so appalling was ii, that we read that the saiut swooned away ; he was struck down at the sight of one venial sin. Sin is a treason against I! oil's Diviue Majesty ; it would, if possible, destroy the existence of God, so bitter ia its malice. Look at the frightful agony of our Lord in his Passion on the Cross, and you will learn something of the power and enormity of sin. L:am to fly from it, as from the face of a serpent. 'Oh, my Father, let this cha ice pass from me.' Imagine this. The disci nles were so imiorantof time that they absolutely fell asleep whilst our Lord was prostrate in agony. They heard not His sad accents, and when he ca:ue to Peter His heart was burnt with sorrow. There was not one to watch ;. there were none to utter one word of comfort. He was left desolate. ' He saith to Peter, what, could you not watch one hour with m?.'' ' 'Watch ye, and pray, that ye entdr not iuto temptation.' He went' again to the place, and the torrents of heaven were once more opened . upon . Him. Jesus felt Himself clothed, as it were, with the crimes of maukind— from the first sin committed until wiojuau man snail be committed. What a frightful burden ! What a weight of agony ! Ib causes him to cry out, ' Oh, my Father, take | off this burden. ' But His love for us was too | great; His heart bo full of tenderness ancl'sub | imssion that he says, 'Not My will but Thine j be cloue.' How fearful the pressure that causes \ our Lord to cry, 'Take off the burden.' What { a lesson of submission does this not teach us, to i miHw patiently all the crosses and trials of the world » Not My will, but Thy holy and graci I nnswxll be done.' When, dearly beloved, I ne Had prayed again, and found His disci ples asleep, His iove and tenderness would 1 w „' ?''? xxe prayea a tmra nine, I «w sufferings are increased. Again does I «ie heavy burden of the sins of mankind, I rUri.81?? ani0»gst the rest, press upon hia I neart ; lna whole body is covered with blood. I »ointeuseiB the torture, that the pores of his 3 ,i 'l body a^ opened, and the ground is be \ dewed with his most precious blood. Again he v cries to Ins Almighty Father to remove the t ? r ,clla'ce ; again his love for sinners tnumphs, and once, more he exclaims, ' ' Not my wui, but thine be done.' He comes again to HIS ™M-a and finds them still asleep, and He ^ys, SJeep on now and take your rest ;' you wui nave much to endure of which you are pre sently unconscious ; Bleep on, Peier ; think not ? we ; gather some strength ? to -meet the trials iiiat arein store for thee ; behold the hour is at f'1(l' aud the Son of Man shall be betrayed into the hands of sinners. looking down the ^Pot Olivet is seen the gleam of torches in J ausij. The noise of approaching men breaks I olV »eoE the niSht J ncarer aud nearer they wme. olu. blessed Lord calls to His disciples, 3letM 8°'- behold he is at hand that i Sn ay,me!' As He was speaking, the I Sf'u -aud rabble. with the servants or the I wSnV i Sts aud Judas- com9 up' close— Judas, I 7' !° , he*rt was frozen with avarice I anneci vmh swords. They stand undecided, I hk l- W 110t whom to 8eize- uatil Judas Placed I ori« iP«S« ?? *bo sacred c»eeks, and, kissing them, 1 Cl»ed Hail, Rabbi ''—then these ruffiaus took hold of our Blessed Lord. ' And one of His disciples ? struck the servant of the high priest, and cut off his ear.' But our Lord told him to put up his sword, and at once healed the ser vant. Although weakened by loss of blood, in a state of exhaustion, see our .Divine Redeemer manifesting the greatest self- possession, acting with perfect calmness, mindful of the wounded servant, standing undismayed before the rabble, shewing them the miolit and power of His Divino Majesty by healing the ear by a mere touch. 'And Jesus said unto them, are you come ouu as vg were against a tmei, with swords drawn ?' Have I not taught yoa daily in the temple, and now do you come with torches and staves and cords to apprehend me as a malefac tor ? And- they took hold of Him and led Him away to the house of Annas, the father-in-law of Caipbas, tbe high priest of the year. Annas hai Him bound, and sent him to Caiphas. Imagine the Everlasting God, the King of . this earth,. Creator of the heavens, meetly and patiently permitting Himself to be. bound with uords as. the order of an old and venerable high- prieat. It is for \ my. sake that Thou snhmittest thus to be bound. Oh ! let me follow Thee, 0 Jesus Christ, with humble footsteps aud a heart filled with sorrow and compassion in that bloody way, and beg of thee that I may not be distracted in this meditation, and that my soul may be penetrated with thy diviue patienccji «nd unspeakable love. I will follow Thee thlia night aud will sorrow for my sins with tt l-v-nj-v1rrt«-» 1-» n o ?»*?{* T om Knf. q vkrt/iT* nvoofnvd n din 11 Of for Thy grace. Oh, let me give Thee some littie help, let me ease Thee oE some portion of Thy burden. Annas sent our Lord to Caiphas, and Caiphas was the man who had determined that he should die. After the raising of Lazarus Caiphas had called a meeting of the principal Jews to devise means to check and utterly stop the marvellous influence which Jesus was exer cising over the people. They determined that Jesus Christ should die, they did not care how ; they watched him,. they sent spies to try and convict him of treason to those in power, they were afraid of his influence, they hated him and were resolved to make away witn him. Imagine the excited rabble dragging our Lord, bound, from the house of Annas to Caiphas. The Chief Priest sought false witnesses against Jesus, those who ought to have been pure and just sought fake witnesses, that they might put him to death. Caiphas interrogates him, but our Divine Lord stands before him in all meekness aud patience and answers nothing. Caiphas is determined to find out if our Lord calls himself the Son of God, so that he will then be able to put him to death for blasphemy. Jesus said at length ' Thou hast said it, I am the Son of God.' He often indirectly declared that He was so ; but never before did he distinctly and decidedly announce that he was the Son of God. He continued ' Neverthe less I say unto you, hereafter you shall see the Son or Man sitting on tne right liana or tne power of God and coining in the clouds of Heaven.' He boldly declares His doctrine for which He had lived, for which He was pre paring to die. No need of false-witnesses now — ? the High Priest rent his garments and cried out, He has blasphemed ! What do you ' think ! They answered, He is guilty of death. The Sandhednm doomed our .Lord to death, and then left Him in the company of base men, who were all ready for cruel diversion ; left him alone with low ruftiaBS, who amused themselves by insulting and heaping indignities on this poor creature. Listen to the words of St Matthew : ' Then they did spit in His face and buffet Him, and others struck Hi3 face with the palms of their bauds.' That face, so tender, so Divine, so full of meekness, so full of love, struck by base rabble, spit upon. Oh ! look, upon this first great mockery endured for our sins They bandaged his eyes, saying 'Prophesy unto us 0 Christ, who is he that struck Thea?' Could anything be lower ? Jesus Christ treated as a criminal by His vile and heartless children. Oh Lord, I thank Thee for this great act of heroic patience ! There is no depth to which man can go that Thou didst not suffer. Learn this great lesson of mmility from our outraged Lord, who has made himself as a worm, a leper, and one who crawls, although he was- God Almighty. Well, they went on all night long, bufretting, spitting, and striking, and when morning came tbey delivered him to Pontius l'ilate, the Roman Governor of Judea. The Jews had not the power of the sword ; they could not condemn to death them selves. A great light is thrown on the history of the passion by the conduct of men. Caiphas had hastened to Pontius Pjlate to invoke his aid in executing the sentence of the Sanhedrim. Now Pilate was a most tyrannical man — ever ready to sacrifice all to keep lm position; — a man of diplomatic action and intrigue, cautious and crafty in his intercourse with . mca, combining yes with no, a man who knew how to defend himself against the influence of those who would plot against him and . his master, Tiberius. I need not go inbo the history of Judas, who, seeing what was done, was stung by remorse and hung himself. The baseness of his life was only equalled by the baseness : of his end ; he lived and- died a thief. Jesus jvas led to the judgment hall of L^ilate, followed by the chief pries te.- Here they stood without, accusing our Blessed Lord of sedition and of stirring up the country. to rebellion. Pilate said : ' Dost not thou hear how great testimonies they allege against ihee .' '... ivnd he answered not a word. The Governor was not accustomed to such culprits ; this man seemed so calm, so meek, so self- po3sessed, and answered not a word. The Governor marvelled. Why did he not answer ? Pilate was frightened, and though he could not escape condemning him, as he was said to be . guilty of sedition, he was anxious to rid himself .of the responsibility. When he, therefore, learned that Jesus Christ came from Galilee, he said at once. ' I am not Governor of Galilee, take him to Herod.' Who was he ? A man given up to revelry- and the pleasures of life, who would as soon take a mail's life as take a glass of wine, The man who cut off the head of John the Baptist to gratify the whim of a dancing-girl. This was Herod Antipas, tetrarch of Galiles. St. Luke pays — ' Herod, seeing Jesus, was very glad.' He had heard of his miracles ; he ex pected some amusement ; he thought he would gratify his curiosity ; he expected to see some sign wrought'; he said, it is- not often I have paople before me who can raise the dead, aud he hoped to see some marvellous miracle worked. St. Luke says — 'Herod questioned our Lord in many ways, bat he' answered bim nothing.' Imagine Je3us Cbri3t - God — stand- ing before such a man as Herod, an overbearing potentate, a debauchee, who is endeavouring by artful questions to procure some amusement for himself and his friends. He is disappointed. Our Lord stands there, so meek, so patient, and answers not a word. Hear the cries of the chief priests and scribes, who stand by, and earnestly accuse him — ' You said you were God ! you ea:.d you could forgive sin ! you called youreelf the Messiah ! you are a trator ! a blasphemer ! a deceiver '.' Herod, with his soldiers sent.him back to Pilat3,and put Mm on a white garment, and mocked Him. Ima gine a judge on the Bench condescending to mock and revile a criminal, and putting on him a white garment as if he were about to be made a king. Again wa3 Our Lord bound, again was He seut W Pilate, surrounded by a rabble, who poured on Him the Iownes3, the vulgarity, and wicked ness ot their hearts. What doss mate do .' tie goes out to meet them, they could not enter the courb, lest they should be defiled, and not be able to eat the Pasch. He says — ' What accusation bring you againstthis man?' They.reply, ' He is a malefaet )r.' Pdate then says, 'Take Him, and jud^e Him according to your law.' But they reply — ' Ifc is not lawful for us to put any mantod^ath.' Pilate went into tbe hall, ani calling Jesua said to Him, 'Art Thou King of the Jews ?' and Jesus answered him saying, ' ' My Kingdom is not of this world. ' The shrewd astute Pilate felt confused and feared this man. He felt there was some strange power and po tency about Him, and he shrank f /om contact with Him. He went out again to the multitude, he proposed to scourge him, and acquit him, or, as it was customary to release a prisoner at the festival day of the Passover, he offered them the choice of Jesus or Barabbas. He thought they would have preferred Jesus to Barrabas, who was a notorious robber, a mur derer, a breeder of sedition, a hater of the Roman name. Pdate felt his difficult position, he felt sure our Blessed L )rd would ba released. He thought the people might have some com passion, so he had our L:-rd bound to a pillar and scourged, by strong rough men, who used thonga knotted with pieces of lead. Bee him j bending under the lash, see that sacred back one mass of wounds, use the blood pouring out of that already exhausted body, see the ilesh torn by the scourges, dropping instripe3 away — see him sinking on the marble pillar, see Pilate, ' and the chief Priests, the Scribes, and Pharisees, and the rabble gazing on that mutilated form, ! that |form once the most; lovely amongst men. Have you no compassion, no pity ? See those soldiers in the corner, what are they about ? They are twisting prickly brambles into the j shape of. a crown. See them advance, and place it on that most sacred pre- - cious head, - and presa it down, until j the blood oozsa out, and pours down his j sacred cheeks. They now place a purple robe j upon him, and a reed in hia open hand. See him sitting there numbed with cold and pain, and ' the blood trickling down, the purple garment already damp from the blood of the wounds. See him there so kind, meek, and loving, \ praying for his enemies, whilst they inock and i revile him, laughing him to scorn, uttering loathsome words, and treating him with con tempt— crying out, 'Hail! King of the Jews.' ; Is there a heart eo hard as not to be melted afe this picture ? Pilate brought him forth. Fancy s the multitude of Jews in front of you ; imagine Pilate bringing forth the God Man to face the people— ' Behold the Man!' I be hold Thee, my Saviour and my Judge, I see Thee, oh, Jesus/Thrist ! standing in presence of the Jews, who 'are mocking Thee. I see Thee with the crown of thorns pressing into Thy sacred head, with a reed in Thy hand, and witd bho purple robs wet with Thy precious, blood. Hast- Tnou not endured enough ? Are not all hearts melted wicb compassion ? No ! It is not enough. Away with bim ! Crucify him ! The Jews say to Pilate, 'If thou release this man thou art not Ca^ar's friend. We have no king but L'assar.' There was no alternative,, and Pilate delivered him up to be crucified. You know what our Lord has gone through up to this. He has now a heavy cross placed on his shoulders, and follows after two thieves up the hill of Calvary, amidst the shouts and derision of the rabble. He is so weak, so beaten down, that it is with difficulty he can stagger along under the heavy weight of the cross. The women are weeping, and Veronica rushes up to him and wipes his blood-stained face. ' Weep not for me,' s:t,ys our DivinB Lord, ' but weep for yourselves and for your children.' The soldiers drag him roughly along, for so weak is he that he stumbles at every step. They lay hold of Simon, of Cyrene, and compel him to carry the Cross after Jesus, cursing and reviling that, he is not quicker. Oh how hard ib is to describe, let us deeply medi tate oh it. Let us carry ib home and think on it. Hoo f.lirnao pnlrlinvs! riicr.Mnrj1 hnlps fnr.fcllfi three crosses, see our Lord dragged and laid flat upon the Cross. Oh meek Jesus, how hast thoix suffered from Thy birth to this ! Tnev take blunt hard long nails and drive them through the palm of his hand, . forcing it through the muscle and sinew. The holes are so far apart that they have great ; difficulty to drag the other hand to the place where it. ought to go, and in doing so almost dislocate, the joints. Look at his meek, patient face, pale as death, hia beautiful hair tangled, and stained with blood. Hear the thud of the nails as they are driven into the flesh ! See how hia feet are dragged down (we know how tender the feet are), and pinnod to the hard wood. What frightful butchery ! The sinews and nerves torn and' strained, until our Lord is nailed to the Cross on the ground. See those ropes are being fast ened to the arms of the Cross which is hauled to the edge of the hole ! See it is raised with our Lord bagging on it by his hands and feet j' The hole ia tilled up with earth, and our .Lord is left there to sutler, between earth and heaven, for our sins. Imagine his agony a'ter under going all the tortures he had endured. What does he do? As he lived so he died, forgiv- ' ing sin, curing the sick, and teach- , ing men to love and serve God. A life of beneficence, charity, and mercy. Let .me eay a few words on one of tbe most mar vellous incidents of his passion. . When we are in acute pain, you know how difficult it is .to think of anything else ; you can think of nothing except yourself, you shut yourself up and forget the world. Consider the fearful, dreadful, physical and mental pain our Blessed Redeemer was suffering at this moment. Yet he lifts his eyes to Heaven, and says so sweetly, ' Father forgive them, for they know not what they do,' speaks as if he were lying comfortably on a bed of roses. Then again, *' Son behold thy mother,' 'Mother behold thy Son,' and to the thief, ' This day shalfc thou be with me in paradise,' aud finally, 'Into thy hanis I commend my spirit.' And this amidst the shouts and jeers of the soldiers and rabble who staud about reviling and blaspheming. The moment our Saviour had expired, the darkness ' that covered the earth since the sixth hour was dispelled ; the earth trembler! — the graves opened and the dead rose to life, and wandered about amongst, the living ; and the veil of the temple was rent. The centurion was sore afraid, and cried out aloud, 'Truly, this was the Son of God.' In conclusion, let us think over the bitter pas sion and sufferings of our Divine Lord ; and let, us make a resolution to love and s*jrve Him. As He lived, so He died — He lived that we may be saved ; He died to restore us to immortal happiness in the kingdom of Heaven. Let . us then make a firm resolution to love and serve Jesus, as some recognition of all the love he has shown to us. We have not attempted to meditate upon the passion and death of our Blessed Lord without some desire to love Han more. We are more impressed witn tiis iove to us. we wisn to make some return for this ; we wish to go home ' ' with the crucifix deeply and clearly delineated ' ' in our heart 3, to wear it about with us con stantly and perpetually during our lives. There is one picture that speaks to the heart of every man, a picture that will afford us great conso lation in times of bereavement and temptation1:. After our Blessed Saviour was takeii down from the cross, we see a womai sitting below it, bearing in her arms the naked and dead form of a man with a crown of thorns upon his' head, wounds bleeding, and1 his body covered with scars— his head, is hanging over her arm, hia eyes are clo3ed, and hia face is of the slate colour of death, his arm is hanging down as the body lay 3 in tbe lap of his mother. Look at the sad face of that mother gazing on that sweet ' counfcenanice, so disfigured, yet so lovely in death. Look at John bending over with unutterable anguish. What picture can des cribe this scene ? Does that agonized mother think of the time when the three kings came from the far East, to adore the Divine babe in her arms ? And now her son is lying in her arms again, blood-stained, wounded, dead. Oh what a sword of anguish is pierciag that tender heart. Take this picture hooie, look at it, think of it ; let your heart bs filled with true sorrow for your sins, and then will bud forth true love to God. Oh Lord, receive me as thy child, that.1 may ever keep clo3e to Thy Cross ! Ob, Lord ! I. love Thee and I will do Thy holy will in all things ; I will serve Thee with my whole heart, and pass my days in Thy love and friendship. Oh ! make the resolution, when you go home, shut your eyes at your bedside, and say- to yourself, 1 will creep to Thy feet and will wash them with my tears. I sea the sorrowing Magdalen, the loving John, the sacri hemg ftiotner. j. wiu imitate tncsacnnoing power of that stronsj woman who never forsook the Cross. Oh ! let us meditate on the life of Jesua . Christ !_ Let us love Him ; let our hearts be drawn and attracted to Him, and when death comes, we shall see Mary and John standiug before the throne of the glorious Sun of Justice ! We shall receive our reward from JeBus ; we shall be crowned with His love for ever. Let us learn from His example how to live, how to die ! Amen. ? ? , ? : ? Easter Sunday.* — Ou Easter day, this church was again crowded to excess by persons of every religious persuasion. The Procathe dral looked its beat, the various altars being decked with thoae wondrous thurifers of Nature (flower*) breathing forth in viewless clouds the purest iucen3e of the morning — meet-offering to the God of Nature— for Jesus had esteemed the loveliness of the lily above the gorgeousneas of Solomon. The High Altar, besides the choice collection of flowers, had beautitul bauners of the Immacnlate Mother and St. Joseph suspended at either Bide from the reredos. Precisely at 11 o'clock his Grace the Metropoli tan Archbishop was received by the Dean and Clergy of the Cathedral, and the other Rev. gentlemen who were, to taice pare in tne cere monies of the day, at the great door of the Cathedral. A procession was then formed headed by Cvosa bearer, Acolytes, Thurifers, aud ? the youths who assist on the Sanctuary, and who for the^firsb time wore red cassocks, which we think is decidedly preferable to the black ones previously worn by them. These with the attendant Priests accompanied his Grace to the Archiepiscopal throne, where, after having been vested, he proceeded to tbe High Altar andeahg - Pontifical High Mass, having as assistant4 Priest the Very K.6V. Prior Dwyer ; Deacou and Sub Deacon of the Mass, the Kev. B. Callachor, and D. P. Quirk j Deacons at the Throne, the Rev. P. J. Mahcuiy, and P. Bird. After tho Gospel hia Grace of Nazianzus (Dr. Vaughan), pTeaehed :i brilliant and argumentative sermon, on the '.Resurrection of Christ. He said no historic fact was ever more invincibly established than the Resurrection of Jesus Christ1. There ' was not only the testimony of the Apo3tles, and ? the women who had clung to the last to our dear Lord, but the testimony also of the Roman guards who had no motive to lie, for they were neither Jewa. nor Ohiistiane. After dwelling at considerable length on the testimonies of the Disciples who were journeying to Emmaui, and of the incredulous disciple, he then gave an outline of the rapid growth of Christianity, aud of the extraordinary effect which the preaching of the Resurrection of Christ by twelve poor men had on the destinies of the human race ; and wound up with an eloquent peroration, thai all might be brought to the knowledge of the truth and be partakers of the glorious immor tality which Christ had purchased for them by His sufferings and death. The music was. very well rendered. The glorious ' Alleluia Chorus ' of Handel was given as a mosb appropriate finale. ( 