A STORY OF THE DAILY PRESS. (san francisco news letter.) Ihe News Letter speaks earnest words of truth and soberness when it censures the Parson Jewells in our pulpits, who, being silent at the evil, wink at the ser- vility, flatter the vanity, mmister to the presumption, pander to the ignorance, and with cunning sycophancy, fawn upon the tyrannous dictatorship of our daily press. The News Letter has too firm a hold on the community to fear the dailies. It therefore speaks the truth about them in a. fashion which, unfortunately, is not com mon. Weekly and monthly journals and magazines might, if they would, do much to raise the tone of the daily press. They, however, fear the effect of attacks upon their circulation. Why this should be so we hardly know. A journal that has sec ured and eontiaues to merit the support of a large number of readers has really nothing to fear, Harper's Magazine, " for instance, is one which might be named as being entirely beyond danger. Yet that, very publication, comes to us with an article which shows us plainly as words can that ihe writer (James Parton) knows the truth, but tells it not, or at least only a small portion of it; and even that he is careful shall be sugar coated to suit the tastes of the dailies. That he well knows the truth is evident, for he tells us that the press writers are too often like the- actress Rachael, of whom her brother re ports : " If she liked people, she imagined and related a thousand, agreeable ance- dotes about them ;. "If she hated them, she- invented any number of enormities to to illustrate their evil qualities." Others- there are who believe falsehoods easily,, and repeat without thought any tale they- chance to hear.. During the period when Mr Williams was a candidate for the place of Chief Justice, probably as many as five thousand paragraphs were printed,, reflecting upon, his character and abilities,, of which it is doubtful if five were express ions of real knowledge of the man." The writer then goes- on to tell a story, for the truth of which he vouches, that is worth reproducing:. " There was a pocf Italian to- be executed a year ago at one of the most elegant, and polite of suburban towns — Morris town, New Jersey. Never was a quiet and deco rous village more astounded than Morris- town was on this occasion with the conduct of the representatives of the New. "York press. The first to appear on the scene was the artist of' the " Graphic," who ar rived two or three days before the- execu tion, and employed himself in -making drawings of the Tarious objects- to- which the execution would impart a momentary interest- He- toc$: no part in the scenes about to be described. During the after noon, before the event, reporters- kept com ing by every train, until they numbered, fifteen,, including the representative of the- " Associated Press." Early in the evening; the whole body strolled from. their hotel to the- jail; tbe morning paper men to get the material for immediate telegrams, and the evening -paper men. to procure the means of beginning the minute narrations which they expectedto finish ia the cars the next day in time for second editions. But to their disappointment and disgust, they discovered that the worthy sherifiTof the county had a deeper sympathy with a wretch about to die than, with the exig ences of a band of enterprising reporters. He would not permit the orisoner to be interviewed. No admittance to the jail till to-morrow morning. Theyoung gentle men condemned the' sheriff both on an as cending and descending plane ; but as hard 'words do not break locks, they remained outside. There was now a company of! reporters, in a rou.'itry i»! -riili -m e vepfng before them .->11 t' .-i:- r. en. N-> one acquainted with newspapers needs to be informed liow, some of them spent that evening. Such a night as those reporters passed in rural Morristown was the proper prelnde to their next morning's exploits. Their behaviour was, indeed a marvel to the in habitants ; for in a country town they do not hang a man oftener than once in a generation or two, and the people in their simplicity supposed that tbe deliberate putting to death ot a human being was an event that had in it an element of serious ness. A certain solemnity hung over the town. The chiliern went to bed hushed and timorous. But to these carousing re porters the affair was merely a country hanging, which they regarded very much as medical students do the arrival of a new " subject " for dissection. "I made sixty- four dollars out of one little mnrder," I heard a perfectly respectable reporter say, with an amazing sincerity of nonchalance. Occasionlly there would circulate a report that the jail was open, or that some one had come from the cell, and then the whole body would plunge headlong into the street, and go off roaring to the gate, only to return and drink anew, and curse an imbecile sheriff, an obstinate warder, and a rustic county, insensible to the im portance of gentlemen representing the Metropolitan Press. Soon after the dawn of day they began to assemble at the jail, and knock for admittance. The warder came to the door, evidently impressed with the gravity of the occasion and moved with the scene passing within. He spoke politely to the clamorous crowd. He told them that the man was awake,- but engag ed with the Priest and Sisters of Charity, and must not be disturbed. They demand ed to be at least admitted into the jail. This, too, tbe warder politely refused, alleging an order of the sheriff to admit no one until 9 o'clock. More reporters kept coming up, and every few minutes some of them would give thundering knocks at the door, at which the waraer would re-appear and repeat his explanation. They argued threatened, stormed, and swore, with a defiance of decency of which young men at 6 a.m. demoralized by alchohol, alone are capable. Next they trooped off to the abode of the sheriff, a gentleman of staid, respectable character, who had been for weeks dreading the duty of' that day, but had nerved himself up to preform it with decorum and every humane precaution. Of him the infuriated band made a new demand. They wanted the man executed at ten o'clock instead of eleven, so that they could catch the train at half-past eleven. "In New Jersey," replied the sheriff, " we do not hang people to suit the convenience of reporters." On leaving the sheriff's bouse, they held an-, informal '" indignation meeting," at which it was resolved, as they expressed it, " to give the sheriff fits." The execu tion occurred soon after the appointed hour and it was managed with so much fore thought and skill that the man died almost immediately, and apparently with out pain. Nothins marked the execution. except the extraordinary suddenness and painlessness of the prisoner's death; and this fact was noted in ihe report of the attending physicians, in that of the As sociated Press, in that of the Herald, and in several of the New Jersey papers. But it was not so reported by the festive- youths who had vowed to give the sheriff "fits." Here are some of " fits" they gave him : — " An officer knocked the soap-box from under tbe convict. For seven and a half minutes did the wretch suffer the horrors of asphyxia, for the knot bad slipped under the chin, and the neck was not broken." " The knot had been arranged in tbe most bungling manner. Of coarse the wretched criminal was strangled to death. For seven minutes," &c.; " He died hard, owing to the bungling manner of conducting the execution." " The knot had been arranged in a most bungling manner, and shifted to a- position beneath the chin of the dying man. Of course the wretched criminal was strangled to death." "Owing to a bungling arrangement of the knot, which the sheriff was advised in whispers several times to adjust, iv slipped almost under his chin, and. the wretched man began those repulsive struggles of agony which are shocking to behold." " The haste and bungling made- tbe exe - cation seem almost like butchery." " At the last moment the rope was found to be too short, and a box having been bronght and stood on end,. the culprit, an Italian, only 24 yeara of age, half crazed with excitement, leaped upon it, while the noose was attached by a series of jerks that finally caused ihe knot to slip around under his chin, so strangling him instead of- break ing his neck:"" None of these statements had any re semblance to the truth. There was no soap-box, no series of jerks, no excessive excitement, no slipping of tbe knot, no seven minutes of anguish. These interest ing particulars were merely the threatened " fits" — the preconcerted vengenea of re porters who -eoold not have their banging adjusted to tbe time-table of ihe railroad. This vile conduct on the part of those rascally reporters is bad enough, yet it is discounted bv that murderous incitement with which we have recently seen the " Bulletin," "Call," and " Alta" hound ing two newspaper men on in their evil passions, to hatred, vituperation and assas sination. This is the press which our Par son Jewells-.would havens fall down and worship as "- omnipotent." Fancy so res pectable a magazine as- Harper's palliating the reckless- lying we, have quoted, in this wise, " As- easy as lying, says Hamlet. This is one of those happy touches of Shakspeare that seem, slight and accidental,, while furnishing a fruitful text to all after- tiaie. Self-observant persons are- aware of the ease with which exaggeration and" other varieties of falsehood slip- from the tongue, and the extreme difficulty of giving an exact; account of the simplest matter-. And this difficulty.- is greatest to ardent and imaginative persons, who naturally take to writing. The very.- qualities of mind which give them their- power to in terest other minds, are, in many instances, the qualities that, incline them to pic turesque and effactiveexaggeration. Teliing the simple truth, is the hardest thing done either- by tongue-orpen." Gut upon such ioltroonery, says the "-News Letter." lying is the vilest and ugliest thing on earth. Verily;, we have- happened upon strange times when our Divines instruct ns to worship as " omnipotent" the- Piekerings, MacGrellishes, De Youngs,, and Nepthalys oi the daily press, and when a respectable, Methodist-owned magazine describes bare-faced lying as only " picturesque and effective exagge ration;" At Death's Door but- still Un forgiving. — TheM. A. Mail reports the following strange affair: — w Some twelve or thirteen years, since there lived a family in this neighbourhood consisting of husband and wife, and two sons — the latter from ten to twelve years of age. A separation took place, Mr Yottug tak ing the two. children with him, and leaving his wife to do the best she could alone. One of the sons came back, but for upwards of twelve years no tidings were heard of Mr Yottug or the other bov. Recently she got hold of a copy of a local journal, and one of the first paragraphs which caught her eye was j | rhsit a anting man of the same name as > her sun had met -.vita an accident in a mine, from which he was not likely to recover. She felt convinced that this was her son, went -to the institution where he was, and saw the matron, who gave her what information she could. In a few minutes she was introduced in to No 4 ward, and opposite the door lav the object of her search. With a rush she ran to the bedside of the maimed voung man, exclaiming, 1 That's my son —char's my son 1 1 know it is.' Bat the patient only looked at her coldly, and in a singular tone asked her how she came to .lhink so — she must her mis taken. She then told the young fellow certain circumstances in his life, which quickly brought him to a knowledge that he was speaking. to his mother; but still he treated her with cool indifference. She too tended to his every day want. In about an hour after that an elderly man walked into the room, and took up his station at the bedside of the sufferer. The astonishment of Mrs. Yottuer may be guessed when she discovered that the incomer was her long lost husband. Although a mutual recognition took place, yet the breadth of the bed on which lay their son was kept between, and no word of recon ciliation was passed. Side by side they daily watch the progess of the paralysis, which must sooner or later deprive them of one of their offspring, vet they seem to be incapable of for giving each other. A Musical Ghost. — The following is related by the Bendirjo Advertiser, on the authority of a reliable person, but that journal gives a carte blanche to its readers to believe it or not: — A gentleman well known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom we will call Lamb, at whose establishment manv an article has been "popped " by needy persons, recently sold a piano that he had received as a pledge, to an equally well known speculator, whom we will call Smith. It so happened that within a week after the piano bad been disposed of. Lamb departed this life rather suddenly, and was duiy buried. Smith had had the piano removed to his parlour. One night recently he had retired to bed, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, at about 2 o'clock in the morning, he w as suddenly awakened by loud and continuedplaying on his piano, which he had previously locked securely. He rushed down stairs for the purpose of reprimanding the supposed individual' when to his irreat terror and amazement he observed, as he says, the ghost of his departed " uncle" walked directly and firmly from the piano right through the front door. Being horribly frightened, be lost no time in re tracing his steps upstairs-. His better half was not awakened by t-hs first performance on tbe piano, which consisted of a selection from Handel's " Messiah;" but Smith bad not long been in bed before the strains were resumed, the selection this time being from Moz art's " Gloria — the Twelfth Mass;" in which there are several deep and striking notes. Smith heard all this, and after mentally abusing the piano he resolutely took refuge in the arms of Morpheus. His wife was awakened- by the music, and immediately screamed out and en deavoured to arouse her husband,, but such seemed to- be an. impossibility, and she herself resolved to go downstairs and ascertain the cause of this musical entertainment. On reachiug the room her bewilderment was greater than that of Smith; she having observed the some identical man, and under precisely the same circumstances. In a- frantic state of excitement she rushed; upstairs and succeeded in arousing Smith, and in formed him of what she had seen. N s-xt morning he determined to -get rid of the awful instrument:- He- succeeded in doing so _:;.but whether the same perform ance has been repeated at the house oi the individual to whom he sold it or sot, he is not in a position to say. 