CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION OF TASMANIA. TUESDAY, JANUARY 13TH, 1874. The second meeting in connection with the as he was held in the Union Chapel Bathurst street there was a numerous congregation nominators present were Revs J Nisbet, New Town (President) , G Clarke, AAr C Robinson, and J W" Simmons, Hobart Town , C Price and W Taw, Launceston, D B Tinning, Richmond, H Kennedy, Green Ponds H Whiting, Huon , Di lui nor, Samoa, and AV T Davies, MA, Auckland The PitrsinFNT said After the lapse of two years, we meet together room AN o desire to bid you welcome on this occasion and we would solicit your earnest prayers in our work, that the divine presence may be with us and that the results of our labours may boiiofitourselvos, coming to the spread of God s gospel in our land, and the advancement of his kingdom through all lands He then gave out a hy uni commencing " Kindred in trust for his dear sake, after singing which the Rev O Pnoo road the line Plahn, and the Rev. Wm Law engaged in prayer After another hymn, the Rev A C Robinson read a short history of the best meeting of the Council in 1872 THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS 'The FitMiiirNi read the annual address, as follows - CllRlMIlN BRI I URI VAM) Flttl-NIH, St Hiding in an anomalous position, it is with much diffidence 1 appeal before you a second term, as President of our Union, so soon after the last the truth is that I am both neither of my own free will, not by the choice of the Union Necessity has been laid upon us The President elect (the Rev W M ithison) has, to the loss of our dunoon nation and to the vicinity in which he more per ticularly " performed the duties of a bishop since our last meeting, left the island The constitution of the Union, not contemplating such possibility, has no rule or regulation to meet the difficulty in which his removal has involved us As President of the former year, 1 have consequently not been able to transfer my honour and responsibility, and in adherence to custom have to impose on you an introductory address Our inter course with Mr Mathieson, was company ativ only slight, but the morocco know but, the more we esteemed him, not only " very highly in love for his work's sake,' but also for the strangeness of his own oh tractor, and for the earnest fidelity with which he devoted himself to his work low of our ministers in this colony have received, in accessions to the ministry, so many indications of the divine favour May a larger measure of success attend him in his new pastorate We are assembled on this occasion with subdued feelings, under the consciousness that we are about to sustain an additional loss in the departure of another of our brethren-of one who, for 22 years has (filed a foremost place in this community, whose influence has extended beyond the bounds of our own denomination, and whose praise is in all the churches It would be indecorous in me, and distasteful to Mr Clarke, were I to express here my feelings in relation to him One can but remember, however, how 23 years ago he went, untried, to equip himself for the work he has so ably fulfilled A. With special in tel best did we welcome Ins i turn, and I have i rejoiced greatly in his continued success A basis of regret we may feel that, with his cultivated mind and generous spirit, combined with his slow ox sentence he should now go from us, is alleviated by the thought that his absence, if such be the Divine will is to be but temporary and brief Our best remembrances and fervent prayers will go with him and his for their guidance and preset within, their happiness and speedy return Avro must pause to pay a tribute of affectionate remembrance to another valued brother formerly a member of this Union, but for some years past a resident in Sydney. The Rev T West has recently departo 1 to " the land that is very far off -the better country, the heat only 'J in his unceasing v vigilance Ina in intangible and self denying exerts in the colony at large is much unsiioaUablo obligations lim pitiKittani HMietiliod by his piety, was of the wild oat type He felt acutely the deep was ring which the parent country, strong in her might, inflicted on this, one of her lovely but feeble offshoots md, w than any some interested motive, he devoted his talents and energies to its readiness Both here and in New South Wales, he "served his generation according to the will of God," and now, at a i ripe age, has gone to join the redeemed before the throne. The name of John West will be held in honoured remembrance in these colonies for many years to come. In view of such changes, it is neither a need- less nor unimportant enquiry - how are these losses to be repaired ? Are the places thus vacated to be refilled? and who are to occupy them The priests under the old law did not continue by reason of death but then the office was hereditary. Neither mental capacity nor moral character was considered in the appointment of a successor. It is not so in our case. Certain qualifications we esteem essontial- qualifications which separately abound among the churches, but which are only occasionally found in romninafi'oii. Whither, then, are our churches to look, and by what rules are they to be guided, to obtain the services of men who shall declare to them the glad tidings of the grace of God ? Such questions have induced me to prepare a few remarks on a topic on which we can but seldom speak-" Our Ministry." Preliminary This subject, as well as all others touching the kingdom of Jesus Christ, must be viewed in the light of the New Testament-the book which alone we recognise as the Statute-book of the churches. We firmly believe that Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation ; so that whatsover is not read therein nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the Faith, or be thought requisite or necessary to salvation," and, we would add, or imposed as a term of Christian communion. In yielding obedience to this authority, we find ourselves, in respect to certain external arrangements, in opposition to other Christian communities, manifesting a like spirit of reverential obedience. Nor need we be surprised at this, when we remember that we do not pretend to find in the New Testament any detailed platform of ecclesiastical polity, and that with different powers and modes of thought we are likely to be variously impressed by the general principles men are left to apply. We strive as far as we apprehend to conform to the apostolic model, and, if necessary, can adduce abundance of human authorities to confirm us in our practice. Let me cite one as an example. Archbishop Whately has stated the exact truth when he says-" It appears plainly, from the sacred narrative, that though the many churches which the apostles founded were branches of one spiritual brotherhood, of which the Lord Jesus Christ is the heavenly Head, though there was one Lord, one faith, one baptism for all of them, yet they were each a distinct, independent community on earth, united by the common principles on which they were founded, by their mutual agreement, affection, and respect ; but not having any recognised head on earth, or acknowledging any sovereignty of one of these societies over others. Each bishop originally presided over one entire church." (K. of Christ, p. 138.) It is according to this pattern, before its beauty was marred by the delinquencies of the post-apostolic fathers, or what is vaguely called the early church, that the churches of our order are constituted and it is essential to the life and prosperity of these churches that in each the pure word of God be preached, and the sacraments duly administered according to Chi ist's ordinance. Statement. We are thus introduced to our subject. The evangelist says " the law was given by Moses, and if we carefully note the ecclesiastical law, we see how minute were all its precepts and rules, how particular its directions for all prescribed rites and observances. The officers, the places, the objects to be employed, are all detailed at length. No departure from the appointed order was allowed. If any took place, the religious act was violated. But the law made no provision for the religious instruction of the people, . We may safely assume its pro-existence ; but the law took no cognizance of it. Turn to the New Testament and mark the contrast. Here we cannot fail to discern the absence of almost all rites and external observances on the one hand, and a prominence assigned to teaching on the other. The emphasis is laid, not on ceremonial purity, hut on the right dispositions of the soul, and the moral purity of the life, as the natural effects of an intelligent and hearty reception of truth, the truth, par excellence. Of this truth the Lord became Himself the great teacher. He was the light of the world not simply by the influences which proceeded from His personal presence and character, but also by the truths which He propounded. Those who listened marvelled at the words He uttered, and the ideas they expressed. What they knew not, but needed to know, He revealed ; He opposed truth to falsehood, the heavenly to the earthly. Never man spake as He spake and the disciples gave an of so tive reply when they said, "To whom can we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life." He employed others to teach also. The 12 and the 70 were sent forth through the towns and villages of the land to tell to others what they had learned respecting Him On the night of His betrayal He assured those who mourned over His contemplated departure that He would send them the Paraclete whose presence was more needful for them than His own, and who would prove to them a more effective teacher than He had been, and who, by his power, would enable them to fulfil the mission assigned them. Having this promise in mind, He gave them as His final instructions that they should go and disciple all nations, teaching them to observe all things He had commanded them. Their success exceeded their most sanguine expectations. The rusting of the mighty wind into the place where they were assembled but symbolised the rush of souls into the Kingdom of God, taking it by force. The book of the Acts, and the Epistles, show that the work of the apostles was that of preaching the truth in its relation to the person and the work of Jesus, and the design is represented by the apostle when referring to the glorification of Christ, he says-" He gave some, apostles, and some, prophets, and some, evangelists, and some, pastors and teachers, for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ ; till we all come unto the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, into the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." We have time the mind of the Lord Jesus unfolded to us. We can not now look for those extraordinary manifestations of the special and supernatural gifts which the Apostolic Churches enjoyed, but we are no less alive to the obligation of our Churches to provide for, and adequately sustain, ministers of the utter. From the resuscitation of our principles in modern times, this obligation has never been over-looked. Whatever may be the supposed shortcomings of Congregational Churches, they cannot be accused of remissness in efforts to secure an efficient ministry. No man is allowed to take this honour to himself irrespective of the good opinions of those with whom he may be associated Every man must be chosen to the office by his brethren, and they are wont to look at several things as fundamental ] qualifications. He who would touch others must himself be taught. He who would faithfully preach the truth must himself have felt the power of the truth, and must have all his thoughts and feelings and am in sympathy with the truth. Goodness is the first essential for a true minister of Jesus Christ. This must be accompanied with a capacity for apprehending the truth, and for maintaining it against its adversaries and for so illustrating and explaining it that others may be profited through him. As in the first churches the members were variously endowed, hut all their gifts were exercised for the instruction and building up of the whole, so our Lord does still use the different powers and talents of his servants for the advancement of His Kingdom among men. That the ministry thus exercised in our churches is in accordance with the will of God we have proofs innumerable. It is not in any boastful spirit that we can point to the many buildings consecrated by the voluntary offerings of Christianluvelo the worship of the Almighty to the efforts constantly put forth to instruct the ignorant and reclaim those who are gone as to say to the tu j fluency which the advocacy of, and the sufferings for me principles has of exercised in advancing light views of civil and religious freedom and above all, to that which is the grand aim of all evangelical ministries, in restoring many souls to righteousness, and in preparing them for everlasting life This, then, we understand to be the nature i and purpose of our service We make no pro ' tensions to priestly power, to the possession of magic in influence , wo utter no mystical words to produce some wonderful effect which no one can I see, 01 fool, or understand Our aim is to preach i Jesus Christ, to see him before men in the glories of His person, and the infinitude of His grace We proclaim him to be the God man, the one mediator between God and man And who shall forbid this preaching Who in the absence of Now lest j mont authority shall prevent any one exercising the office of a bishop, always provide the possess the needed character and qualifications, is called thereto by those who need and ippi eve of his services and shows that, in others ways, he has the Divine sanction ' Designation -AVe turn the leaves of our statute book, and we find the names given to those who exercise this ministry It may be asked, " What is in a name'' In our case we reply very much in common with other ov angelical communities we place ourselves at a disadvantage by surrendering to the exclusive use of a section, a designation which is the common right audpuviteae of the whole having per mitted the term bishop to be appropriated by one order of ministers in other com mullions, it conveys to the unthinking and there fore the majority of the people, the idea of special authority and dignity, and the border is regarded is almost a kind of dunn God Gives main office and a title, and the multitude who have made him what he is soon mistake him for what he is not, and no still ready to give him more, as if by raising him they exalted themselves ! The ministers of the pi uniting chin chus woree died indifferently, presby tons or bishops The term presbyter was probably given, because ordinarily the more elderly pure souls would be selected for the office as having more knowledge and experience, and as likely to act with greater prudence and propriety in the peculiar ciiciinistuiccsofthonoivry foiuiedchiirultcti j The same persons are called bishops, 01 ov orders, be cause they a one to look after the in members of their churches in all then i el lions And in tor rats They were to watch over them, that they might instinct encourage condon, comfort them, as required The two j terms are used interchange ibly showing identity of I pera m and of others Thus in Acts xx, 17. and 28 " From Miletus Paul sent to Ephesus, and called the presbyters of the Church ;" and speaking to them he says, " take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you Bishops." So Titus i., 5, 7 supplies a similar illustration. If our conclusion from those passages be correct, then the Bishops of the New Testament bore no resemblance to the pre- lates of modern times. Not only had each Church its bishop, as Archbishop Whately and others admit, but some of the churches had a plurality of bishops, as was the case at Ephesus and at Philippi, and the instructions to Titus were to ordain presbyters in every city. It is also certain that these early pastors or bishops were all equal. Whatever differences might exist among them in respect to mental power, or social position, or the ardour of their piety, officially they were on one' level. No one was allowed to usurp authority, or assume authority- over- others;-Thoy-wure_all brethren. It is on this principle we claim for our own ministers, and for those of other evangelical denominations not only the office, but the title of bishops, because we, and not those who use the name, are constituted after the primitive order. Protestant does not fall within our province to trace the departure from the apostolic model. It undoubtedly commenced shortly after the death of the Apostles, and continued to extend until it assumed, the gigantic proportions of the papal system. The equality of the primitive bishops was first destroyed, and there was substituted another form. It was no longer bishop or presbyter, but bishop and presbyter, the latter being subordinate to the former. Those who advocate this post apostolic system, put great stress on the history of the early Church-a vague phrase-and including an indefinite period. If we are to accept as true all that was taught by even those who lived very near to apostolic times, we should require an amount of credulity I should not care to possess. In assert- ing our own views, we do not wish to be understood, to pass a sweeping condemnation on those who prefer diocesan episcopacy as an ecclesiastical polity, for Dr. J. H. Newman says " that taking the New Testament as our guide in matters ecclesiastical, they are but a species of Independents, with far less to say for themselves." But we do propose to enter an earnest and indignant protest against the spirit which this system has engendered iiiBomc of its advocates. It is made a barrier to intercommunion among all Christian bodies in Tasmania. Bishop Bromby is willing to recognise the Christian faith and usefulness of members of other denominations, but he still regards their ministers" as unauthorized because they do not accept prelatical ordination. He is too, much of the Christian gentleman to use the harsh language of others, although in his practice he shows he is not without sympathy with the dogma it teaches. Thus we are told " why should we not seriously endeavour to impress our people with this plain truth, that by separating themselves from our communion, they separate themselves not only from a decent, orderly, useful society, but from the only church in the realm which has a right to be quite sure that she has the Lord's body To vice to Hit people (Oxford Tracts). And again, an American writer says, " Great is the guilt and imminent the danger of those who, possessing the means of arriving at the knowledge of the truth, negligently or wilfully continue in a state of separation from the authorised ministry of the church, and participate of ordinances administered by an irregular and invalid authority. Wilfully rending the peace and unity of the church by separating from its authorised priesthood ; obstinately condemning the means which God for His Sovereign pleasure hath prescribed for their salvation, they are guilty of rebellion against their Almighty Lawgiver and 1 edge, they expose them selves to the awful displeasure of that Almighty Jehovah, who will not permit His institutions to be condemned, or His authority violated with im- punity." Now, are these things time t If they are, we are in a terrible plight. At one time, such informations would have had a powerful effect upon weak nerves. But though we dread them not, and may be disposed to regard them as the ravings of a diseased mind, which they are not, have may be assured of this, that these notions are taught in this land of ours. Many of the episcopal clergy reply diate them as strongly as we do, but others have a very hearty sympathy with them, and labour to impress them upon the minds of their people, and unless we misjudge events, there is a probability of their becoming more widely disseminated. Anti scriptural as we know them to be, they minister to the pride of priestly power, and the extension of priestly influence. Whence, then, do such notions come? On what basis do they rest? The dogma of apostolical succession is responsible for them. Men, learned and pious some of them, have persuaded themselves into the belief that it is possible to trace back their ordination to the ministry, through a long line of reaching back to the apostles themselves, that the apostles communicated to those whom they ordained some mysterious race, which, like the electric fluid, has passed downward along the said line to those who hold the end of it at the present time. What a strange hallucination that intelligent men should deceive themselves by such fancies ! The apostles never claimed the possession of such virtue as this dogma implies and what they had not, they could not give. Even assuming there were some supernatural powers possessed by the apostles, it does not follow that they should be passed on through successive genera- I tions. The apostles, by imposition of hands, did impart certain gifts to men to help them in the propagation of the truth. But the recipients could not impart these gifts to others. Paul says he was > " not sent to baptize, but to preach the Gospel." He i does not seem to have known the virtue of the ? baptismal waters discovery of more recent times, whether scientific or not it is not for me to say. I His work was not to employ a multitude of useless symbols, which are only fit to amuse children ; but he spoke to men, thoughtful, mature men, and declared unto them the truths which he had received. It was by this means he sought to enlighten and regenerate them by this means, and not by the grace of the sacraments, as it is called, he bought to confirm and make them what he was anxious they should be, holy, consistent, Christian man. This dogma assumes that certain powers conferred and certain promises made to the apostles as such were intended to be transmitted to others. One can but wonder at times either at the amazing simplicity, or I the cool effrontery, of the artful cunning, by which men first use some convenient self constructed rule of criticism for the interpretation of Scripture, and thou apply that interpretation to themselves. It is in this way the Romanists and Anglicans have dealt with the passage in which the Saviour gives instruction to his disciples for the settlement of disputes, ! Matt, xviii. 17. and in like manner with His deeds- ¡ ration to Poor, Matt. xvi. J 8. We apprehend that no one sending such passages, free from ecclesiastical prejudices and tendencies, would over think of applying them in the way we have denoted, Yet is it from this source that the narrowness and bigotry against which we protest, spring. If apostolical succession be really needful for the valid administration of the ordinances of Jesus Christ, then its evidences should be beyond dispute, its fruits such as to com- mand universal acceptance. Is it so 1 Is it not rather the reverse? We cannot stay to point out the many possibilities of a missing link in the chain, or the inferences which may have operated to vitiate the effect of transmission, during 1800 years. It may suffice to say that the very first link to connect with the Apostles is wanting and as a telegraph cable or wire may be perfect, throughout its course, but if disconnected by over so short a distance from the magnet, is practically useless, so must it be with the dogma who denounce. Judge of it by its effects and it is most mischievous. It reverses the Apostolic order, and leads men to be lords over God's heritage it encourages an arrogant and supercilious spirit on one side, and a disposition to contention on the other ; it erects a wall of separation between those who ought to love as brethren ¡ and it forms one of the insuperable obstacles to those combined efforts which the churches of Christ require to make for the subjugation of the world unto Him. It refuses to recognise as the faithful servant of his Lord, him, who appropriates his learning and energies, it may be to hazard his life among the heathen, to rescue man from ruin. No learning however j profound, no zeal however pure, no piety however I elevated, no usefulness however extensive, can according to this dogma, justify the man who ! assumes the office of a Christian minister with { out prelatical ordination. May the love of Christ preserve us from such uncharitableness. There were many in Judea more than 1800 years 1 ago, who, in like manner, condemned JONES and His I Apostles, as unauthorized teachers, as intruders on the sacred office ; as deceiving the people, and as teaching what was not in harmony with the traditions of the fathers. They had to pay the penalty in scourging, imprisonment, and death. But those whom we offered by our teaching, prohibited the use of the whip, and the gaol, and the CLUBS, in their helplessness, consign us to uncomfortable quarters in another place, I Conclusion. A will leave this, however, and pass on to a more practical contemplation of our office and its duties. We have referred to its didactic character, its distinguishing feature. But we preach not ourselves. Whatever ability we may possess, whatever attainment we make, two consecrate nil to Christ. we place him before men as the object of their faith, their love, their hope Whatever facilities we may have for the acquisition of general knowledge we count all as loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus. If we were to preach any other gospel than that which unfolds His mission we should lose sight of our professed purpose, and should subject ourselves to apostolic anathema. We say not these things because we have any doubt of you, but only for stirring up our pure minds by way of remembrance. We are living in troublous if not perilous times. Both within and without the pale of the professing Church there are many adversaries. The spirit of scope case which is abroad in the world, assails every stronghold of our faith. Every branch of learning has been ransacked to furnish weapons and its enemies have hoped, and do hope yet, to injure it deeply, if not to banish it from the earth. The bojío is vain could it be realised, the effects would be immediately felt by those who wrought them. We know the foundation cannot be destroyed, but that is no reason why we should be listless. We must exert ourselves to repel every attack, and to endeavour to fortify the minds of our hearers, to instruct them in the principles of the Gospel, that they may not be carried away by every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness whereby they lie in wait to deceive. Nor can we be indifferent to the labours of those who within are undermining the works of Christianity ; men, sincere, earnest, active, anxious to benefit their fellows, are really doing them a fatal wrong. They preach the Church rather than Christ ; they exalt the Sacraments above the spirit ; they substitute the symbols for the truth ; they rest in ceremonial purity rather than the sanctification of the heart. Here, too, is a loud call for watchfulness, prayer, and diligence. We may sometimes when thinking of what is required of us, say, who is sufficient for these things ? but we know that our sufficiency is of Christ, and that what we cannot do of ourselves, we can accomplish through Him strengthening us. Let us endeavour to realise our entire dependence on the Holy Spirit. Without His presence and aid our labours, like those of the husbandman on the parched up ground, will prove in vain. May it not be that our success is not proportioned to our desires and our efforts, because we do not sufficiently rely on His working ? We trust more to the instrument than to the agent, more to the strength of our reasoning and the aptness of our illustration, than to Him who must work the sympathy, that they may become effective. We may address the head, He must open the heart. We cannot prosper without Him. He does not operate without us. While we try to preach, let us learn to pray. A Paul may plant, an Apollos may water, it is God must give the increase. Our office is dignified, our labours arduous, our difficulties varied, and our discouragements of ton great, but if diligent in our work, and faithful to Him who employs us, our reward is sure and large. " He that winneth souls is wise, and they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness, as the stars for ever and ever." t If you will bear with me a few minutes longer, I should like to say a few words to the members of our churches and congregations. You are as much interested in understanding the office and work of the Ministry as the ministers themselves, They do not dictate to you the articles of your faith, but they are helpers of your joy. They desire to guide and help, and comfort you amid the perplexities and trials and sorrows of life. The- need that you should render them a like service. Remember how Paul sought and was strengthened by the prayers and sympathies of his Christian friends. Brethren, pray for us. Nor do we desire your prayers alone. We would earnestly urge your regular and punctual attendance at all the Sabbath services, and at the prayer and other social meetings. Absence from the sanctuary depresses the spirit and weakens the hands of your pastors, and forms a bad example to, and exercises a bad influence on, others. Prayer meetings constitute a spiritual thermometer, and tell the state of true godliness in a church. It is as much the duty and privilege of Christians to attend these as the Sabbath services. I sometimes think if these services could be occasionally reversed, it would be profitable ; a prayer meeting on Sabbath, and preaching in the week. I must close by re- minding you of another obligation, which in these days of worldly competition, is too much forgotten Christian consistency. There is much need of the higher. Christian life, the continued development of the Christian graces. You are not required to go out of the world to cultivate those, but rather to use it as the training-ground, in which your virtue is to be exercised, that it may acquire increased strength for the glory of God, the good of men, and the peace and joy of your own heart. Brethren, " watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong ;" only lot your manner of life be as becometh the Gospel of Christ. At its close, a hymn was sung, and the Rev. J. W. Simmons engaged in prayer, and pronounced the Benediction WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14TH. The Council met for business at 10 o'clock in the Brisbane-street school-room. The ministers present were The President (Rev. J. Nisbet) Revs. G. Clarke, W. C. Robinson, J. W. Simmons, C. Price, W. Law, H). B. Tinning, J. Shipphird, H. Kennedy, H. Whiting, R. E. Dear. The following are the names of the delegates from the various churches, though they were not all present Launceston, Tamar-street, Messrs. Ditcham and Boom ; Prince's Square, Messrs. Birchall and W. S. Button. Hobart Town, Memorial Church, Messrs. Tohnnn, Holt, Jackson, Withrington, Cane, Fisher, G.. Salier, Napier, Woolley, Scott, Giblin ; Union Chapel, Messrs. Perkins, Russell, Finlayson j Davey-street, Messrs. Whitesides, Bailey, C. Crosby, Weymouth, Calvert ; New Town, Messrs" Murrell and Hickman ; Huon, Rev. Whiting. The Revs. W. C. Robinson and R. E. Dear acted as secretaries. After singing, reading of the Scriptures, and prayer by the President, VOTE OF THANKS. The Rev. W. Law moved that the best thanks of this Union be given to the President for the very interesting and excellent address delivered by him on the previous evening, and that it be placed at the disposal of the Union. The Rev. J. W. SIMMONS seconded the motion, and he did so with great pleasure, because there were some parts of the address that he did not agree with. He very much feared that the President had not given the Anglicans credit for the good feelings they had towards the Congregationalists, and he certainly did not believe the Anglicans would unchristiauise them, or send them to that warmer region of which the President spoke in his address. The motion was put and carried, and the PRESIDENT briefly returned thanks. MIN 1915. The Rev. W. C. IIOIUNSON road the minutes of the meetings in connection with the Council held in Hobart Town in 1872. It was decided that those portions of the minutes having reference to the private conferences of the ministers should be withdrawn, and the minutes were then confirmed. anoinT. The Rev. R. E. REAR read the committee's report of the missions in the southern district. The standing orders being suspended, some slight altera- tion was made by the excision of a sentence in re- ference to the Huon district, where Mr. Whiting has been labouring for the past twelve months, but has ceased his connection as pastor over the Congregationalists. there. The Rev. Wr. C. ROBINSON read the report of the committee of the union, which was on the whole satisfactory, except as regarded the finances, which had become disarranged in consequence of the meeting of the Council lapsing last year. Mr. J. E. SALIER, in bringing up the treasurer's report, said that in consequence of the Council not having met last year, the accounts were not balanced then. They had now been balanced for the year ending 31st March, 1873, and showed the receipts for that period to have been £303 Os. 3d. ; payments, £318 Is. 6d. ; balance due to Treasurer, £15 Is. 6d. He had prepared a progress report from the 1st April to the present date, which showed the receipts to have been ally 10s. 2d. ; payments, £231 3s. 10d., leaving a balance due to the Treasurer of £381 5s. 8d. There was also £40 for salaries and some legal expenses still owing, but a lie behoved if the collections were made soon, the deficit would be cleared off'. It was decided that the various churches be requested to make collections for the Union and Mission during the present month for last year. THE RICHMOND CHURCH. Mr. WEYMOUTH said if no similar motion had been tabled, he would give notice to move that a grant of £40, in aid of the minister's salary, has made by the Union to the Richmond church for the year 1874, and to be continued less £10 each year until it ceased. DEEDS. A sub-committee was appointed to collect and examine the deeds of the various churches of the mission. I THE BOARD OF EDUCATION. At the last meeting of the Council, a sub- committee was appointed to wait on the Government to ask that the Congregational denomination be represented in the Board of Education. The Row W. C. Robinson stated that he had seen Dr. Butler, who stated that it would be better not to press the matter at that time. THE RIGHT OF ENTREE. A Biib-coimuitteo was also appointed at the last Council meeting to wait on the Government in reference to the right of entry at the Governor's levees, but as it has been stated that the arrangements were made by the Imperial Government, nothing had been done in the matter. On the motion of the Rev. W. LAW, it was agreed that a sub-committee wait on the Government to request that the President of this Union be placed on an equality with the bonds of other religions bodies. HESTERCO.VtllE AND KANGAROO MINE. . On the order for business arising out of reports now presented, that portion of the mission report having reference to the churches at Kangaroo Point and Hestercombe was re-read. At the former place, it was stated that the attendance had been much increased since the establishment of Good Templar lodges. The Rev. SIMMONS said his impression, was that these churches should be brought into direct connection with the churches in the city. Hestercombe could be placed under the care of of Mr Robinson, and he, himself, would have no objection to take the Kangaroo Point church. In enlarging upon the mission question, he referred to the many districts which might be taken up, and the practical question was whether they were in a position to take up these districts and provide labourers for them. I be had sufficient faith in the people to believe that if they did there would be no lack of means. After some discussion, it was agreed that the executive committee endeavour to make arrangements for bringing the Kangaroo Point and Hester combo chapels in connexion with the mission. There being no business for the afternoon, the Council adjourned till 10 o'clock next morning, concluding with singing and prayer. ANNUAL SERMON. The annual sermon was preached in the Davey street church last evening by the Rev. Geo. Clarke, before a numerous o segregation. The Revs J. Nisbet conducted the first part of the service. Mr. L Clarke took for his text the words, *. If thou be the ~ Son of God, come down from the Cross Matt, xxvii. 40 and delivered an eloquent discourse. The cross, he said, was the central theme of their ministry, at all times befitting the attention of a Christian assembly. The cross was to us the mother of all things. By it we were reminded of the greatness of God's care over us, His divine love, His regard for holiness. By it we feel deeply our position, and the debt we owe to him for giving Himself for us. The rev. gentleman dealt ably with the following points 3-6) The Cross was an offence to the Saviour himself ; (2) the Cross of ' Christ is an offence to the Jewish prejudice ; (3) the Cross of Christ is an offence to speculative theology > W the Cross of Christ was an offence as an i example. He enjoined upon his > hearers to cling to the Cross as a preparation and a sacrifice, and said he > held to the old doctrine upon this subject, that we have redemption-not the > assurance of it, but the reality through His blood. even the forgiveness of sins. _ _ 