PUBLISHED 3SVEBT "WEDNESDAY AND SATUBDAY MOBNING. SATUED^T, MABCH 21/ 1874. ^ ^DISTRICT r WANTS., /?Aiu * * ?-. '. . ' " IN . view of the meeting of Parliament shortly, South-East residents should make, up their minds "what they will ask' Parliament to do for them. There is a'large; surplus to be disposed of, and.legislators will no doubt feel it to be their duty, to spend it in the ortho dox fashipn-r-in largesses to their con stituents. "We shall have the1 usual pathetic appeals for special grants for neglected roads, imperatively; neces Baxyr, bridges, post offices, telegraph Btatiohs/&c.;,' and no Ministry will have * a] . ghost of a chance of standing that,' would. dare, to set its face against " doing justice" to members'districts with;a hundred- thousand- pounds sur plus to start the year with. Having, regard1 then to the inevitable dissipa tion^.the money, why should not the South-East put in its claim for a share ;of the plum?? Were there anyprb babiKty'6f the Government taking a statesmanlike view of the situation, or any probability of the House staking other than, a vestry - attitude respect ing it, we'should be sorry .to, advise the S'oiith-East tb join in the scramble.. But there is little ground for enter tain'1- siich hope, and till the colony is a little more rational in its ideas respecting the public funds we must do. as .our neighbours do-look out for number one. The £100,000 is to be. squandered, therefore let us have our share of it.' "We should much rather , hare seen it absorbed in" inaugurating a sound- system of national education, or in sweeping away our > ad valorem duties, but such reforms must wait for more enlighten ment ; :and our public money must go, as so much of the past has gone, in doing parish work. "We shall be agree ably disappointed if happier counsels prevail, and the money is spent as it ought to be, in the reduction of taxa tion or in carrying out some national work. But independently of the scramble for the surplus, the South-East may fairly make one or two claims on the Treasury. The Hospital at Mount G-ambier has for some time back been altogether inadequate for the demands made upon it. "Whether in all cases a proper restriction exists respecting the admission of patients to "it is poB sibly. a question that may .fairly, be raised, but independent of this we believe the need for extra accom modation Js pressing.. ...It would., pro bably be'large: enough to meet local necessities^ . but at present- patients come to' it from all parts'of the feolony especially' opthalmic patients, -who not only find great relief from the treatment they receive but from the ? cooler * climate they enjoy here. There are sometimes, we are told, opthalmic patients enough under treatment to completely monopolise the whole of the available accommodation. "We would ask for an extension of the Hospital then on public, not on local grounds; and we have no doubt, if the fkcts are fairly laid before Parliament, the amount' required for necessary exten sions will be voted. A road from Mount Gambier to BivoliBay is urgently required-more especially between Millicent and Bivoli Bay. The settlers on the drained land . have. good cause of complaint against Parliament. They have'neither got a road nor a port; and it is probable many of them win give up the struggle to convert the bogs" into farms if something is not done to help them. Then, again, in the Tatiara the G-overnment have en ticed men to select farms and bound them down to grow wheat. This wheat they cannot consume, and they cannot get it to a market for want of a road. Some 60 or'70 miles of heavy sand and clay pans intervene between them and a port. A good round sum should un doubtedly be spent in making the road, between Border Town and Lacepede Bay.: If Parliament do not. give money .for^this purpose they should make provision for buying the surplus grain, grown ; there at a reasonable price, or waive the right to ? compel farmers to grow it. It is monstrous that men should be so hedged in and compelled to ruin themselves by Act of.Parliament. There;are many other matters to which we donot now refer. We give prominence ? to., the foregoing three because they will commend themselves to the hearty sympathy of South East residents generally. 