THE BOTANICAL GARDENS. , A visit to Blondin led us the other day to stroll farther up the private drive ; and aftor taking a careful Burvey of that Lunatio Asylum looking building, designed for the future roBidenoo of tho Governors of Vic- toria, to take a tarn through the Botanical Gardens, in order. to seo how the ourator was fulfilling his stewardship. It was evident, nt first glance, that " action" has beon the wuiu lur some uine , pass. Zl mcie ovor a year ago, tho space surrounding tho Curator's house presented an appearance such as might be soon in tbo garden of a diaoiple of the Dutch school who had suddenly gone mad, and, as Bret Harte says, "took to heaving rooks about to a great extent," Bomosoattered ghosts of a fotmer box edging Bhowing bore and there between boulders of quartz, which constituted the idea of a beautiful border with those in authority at the tima. Inside those borders were then to be aeon a lot of melanoholy looking pear trees, bald, headed peaohos, and ragged disreputable vines, not to be known by their fruits, for the simple reason that tbey seldom bore any. To day, three beautiful, velvety awards, filling their places surrounded the house, studded with bods of gay flowering plants, carefully distributed with a regard to floral effect. All the spooimens worth pre serving in this spot wcro allowed to remain, and were utilised in contributing to the gene- T&l; cfffiflfc RA fllftf. toVi (sen fnvmnvln (snm nnn of the main entrances to the garden, a chaotlo jumble of trees, buehes and plants, mixed In tho moat admired confusion, saluted the eye, a piece of work now exists which may be taken bb a favorable speolmen of the whole contemplated design ; and is of es pecial interest in shewing that MrGuilfoyle is of the Bamo mind as the great masters of landscape, Marnock, Faxton, and olhors, in relieving tho. glow of hie flower beds in full bloom by Burroundlng them with a bright "Enerald carpet The largo con servatory has beon improved vastly, and the show made, for tho season of the year, both in this and the other honeos, evinces great care and discrimination in thoBe entrusted with their chargo. A brief inspection of tho walks is snffioient to show that tho narrow, mean pathB, moro liko oattle traoks than anything else, are doomed, and in their Btead broad, sweeping, gracefully-curved walks will be Bnbstituted, thus giving that pleaeuro which most of us havo felt in walking through pleasure grounds properly laid out — present appreci ation of the beauties in sight, and a pleasing uncertainty bb to the next featuroB to be encountered. Under tho old style of straight walks, this was, of oourse, impossible, Bnd thus half the charm was dispelled. The lagoon — the "dismal swamp" of yore, which used to wear a thick mantle of rushes, and over whioh tho waterfowl sang the requiem cf all taste and order In the appear ance of the grounds — has been thoroughly cleared of tho obnoxious weeds, and is now an imposing sheet of water. Superfluous trees havo beon removed in various parts of the grounds, so as to admit of a glimpse of it being poroeptiblo from different points, infinitely adding to the diversity of the landscape. It is protty evident that when the sloping lawn in progress is completed a no'-lo piece of soenery will have be'on oreated here. Hundreds of tho choicest known spe- olmens of roses, camellias, &c;,, &c.;, have beon lately added. Of course all this has not been done with out oonBlderablo co- fusion. It is no easy matter to transplant huge trees, efface walkB, oonstruot others, and similar work, without leaving for tho time unsightly traoeB of tho process by which the alterations were mado. This will necessarily be a merely temporary affair, and we shall watoh with great interest the gradual development of the curator's design for remodelling the gardens. Judging from what ho has already effected, it will be a success. Of the Government House Domain — also nnder the charge of Mr. Guilfoyle — It is wlseaores who originally drow out the plan of theso groundB (and who have since been relegated to obsonrity) left the inooming man a nice legacy of blundering to carry out. The American Garden, for instance, where rhododendrons and other kindred plants were Intended to be plaoed, was fixed by tho " prize designer" in a spot having a slops of about one in forty-five to the Yarra ; (a spot approved of by Mr. Hodgkinson, in ono of his reports), and there seemed every prospect of the "Amerioan Garden" being pulled up at tho Falls Bridge some day after a heavy rain. We were glad to see that Mr. Guilfoyle has abandoned this and other sapient ideas of his predecessor, and brought some intelligence to bear in putting thingB in their proper places. As to the hill in front of the monBtroiiB edifioe, we can only con gratulate the Publto Works Department on tha persistenoo with whioh it declines to carry out the neceraary work of cutting it down ; and this is the more surprising, sinoe it is about the only thing the Govern ment have not out down. The rookery in tho Governor's grounds will, when tho Dlants havo had time to mature, form a pleasing feature in tho private grounds. Tno only conclusion that can be reasonably come to from an inspection of theso grounds is, that whllo a very great deal has been effeoted, it is cortainly worth while to open the purse strings a little wider, and got on with tho work mora rapidly. It will have to be done eventually, and may as well come first as last ; but money mnet be forthcoming, for the smartest man on tho face of oreation cannot make brioks of this kind without the requisite golden straw. 