OUR PUBUC ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS. _ -rn mra sniTCB. : . Sir— Almost simultaneously witu the despatch of my last letter a point which I-*endeavoured therein to enforce was being urged upon the ?u«nb'nn nt hmn other communities, greatly in advance of onr own in respect oi aaucaww, uy advocates far more powerful than your humblo correspondent. You have already described tbe Bpaech of Mr. DuCane, the Governor of Tasmania, and the Melbourne Argus, com menting upon his remark*, has endorsed them as cordially as did the Meguter. One passage especially referred to by both papers touches upon what I have laboured to prove in my previous letter*, and exactly coin cides with my conclusion that ' the best thing a teacher can do for scholars who will leave him to be employed in manual labour while they are yet children is not to prime them with informa tion, but to e^W Wd strepffthen by daily exercise those powers o! tnind which will enable the scholar to inform himself.' This Is the fundamental proposition I would urge upon the Education Board, the Inspectors, the teachers, and the public; and I confidently assert that not 50 per cent, of our public elementary echools do more than impart a smattering of knowledge, while tbe tendency of tbeir learnorbe punished system is to cramp rather than develop ail the intellectual faculties save those of memory and cunning. If I am right in making this aetertion, you will agree with me that not only do we require an Act to provide schoolhouses, teachers, inspectors, and all the external appliances of education, but we require also the inauguration of a better system of teaching and training. For this we must look to the Education Board and tbe Government Inspectors. But that I may not be charged with cavilling without being willing to assist in mending matters, I will now offer a few sugges tions upon the principles of teaohing. First, I deny that grammar is a difficult subject to teach; in fact I deny that any subject is difficult to teach in which the reasoning faculties of the pupil may be enlisted. I have selected grammar for comment first, bepauso it is a fcubject usually considered difficult, whereas any teacher worthy tho nania can take it up from the very beginning', and proceed step by step, fast or slow, according to the natural capabilities of his class, witb almost mathema tical certainty of success. A child taught upon a plan far too common can parse tho words of a simplo sentence as glibly as you please without having tho ghost of a notion of what is meant by the terms it uses, of what parsing itself means, or of what utility the accomplishment is when acquired. Such a child wants Drst telling evory thing about a word in every one of its possible uses before it has anything to say, and then it will cr will not remember it according to circum stances. But it never can and never will to the crack of doom make out for itself any new con struction, simply because it understands nothing whatever about it. Now a rational method of teaching grammar should, in my opinion, commence with simple analysis of sentences. Ex. (jr. 'The child laughs,' 'The clock ticks,' 'The dog barks.' Technical expressions may be omitted to begin witb, until the childii thoroughly familiar with the use of the principal elements required to express a thought, and begins to feel that a short word to name what it means would be convenient. Thus:— Question— What am I speaking about ? Answer— The child, the clock, the dog. Question — What do I say about it ? Answer— That it Iaurhe, ticks, barks. In a short time the teacher can introduce the technical names 'subject' and 'predicate,' 'noun' and 'verb.' Next, these elements may be expanded by the introduction of the subordinate elements necessary to the full ex pression of thought, viz., by adding an attribute to the subject and a modifying word to the predicate — 'The merry child laughs heartily, 'The oH clock stopped yesterday,' 'The frightened dog ran away.' After a proper amount of exercise tbe child becomes quite familiar with the kind of words required in the several relations of subject, predicate, and attribute, aud then he can be allowed to use the names proper to each, for he is now capable of understanding that nouns name things, that verbs affirm something, that adjectives doacribe things, and that adverbs describe actions and qualities. KHDwin^ this much he knows the essential parts of speech, for the remaining classes of -words are merely extra conveniences in a lan guage, and tbeir character and use may be explained as easily as the foregoing. Ex. (jr. the pronoun, proposition, conjunction, and interjection. The namr -? of these if intelligently explained place them all clearly within the com prehension of a child, excepting the preposition, which should be explained as deriving its name from being always placed before 6?me noun (or its equivalent), which it relates to some other notion in the tame sentence. Having gone through the parts of [speech according to their use in tho manner indicated, fae child should be asked to collect in his mind all the classes he has been using, and he will for himself find that there are eight which embrace all the words of the language, and are accord ingly wiled the ' Parts of Speech.' I know full well that it bewilders a child at the very outset to be told that thoro are eight parts of speech, because to its mind there is nothing tangible in such a statement; and as the teacher in nine cases out of ten considers it too simple too need explanation (or perhaps has never thought about himself) the child gets floored at the threshold of the science. I am not aware of any customary school grammar written upon my plan, but I am convinced that it is preferable to the ordinary course pursued; and I was delighted to find in a bookseller's shop a short time ago in Melbourne a little book by Mr. Mason, of the London University, giving 'First Notions of Grammar,' much after the plan I have adopted. The superior writers on the English language — as French, Latham, Key, Marsh, Adams, Angus, &c;— have written for students of another grade, and havo of course begun systematically at tho symbols or alphabet. The inferior writers are too fre quently not worth following, being often not only unphiloEopbic in their information, but also inaccurate in their information. It is a teacher's duty to see how much of grammar his scholars can be expected to learn in their school course, to diligently extrude everything— par- ticularly miiiute information and subtle retina ments— thpt does not assist in the simple arrangement he has planned, and to be sure that what he doe3 teach is thoroughly understood by tho pupils. If you think it will bo of any assis tance you will perliapa kindly append tha following schemo I have drawn up as embracing all a boy belonging to a public elementary school is likely to learn well. It ha3 this recommenda tion, that even if his study breaks off after the first lesson the pupil has gained at least one useful piece of knowledge, which cannot be said of knowing the name? of the parts of speech. 1\. Man's superiority to the rest of the animal creation in possessing language. 2\. Faint outline (embracing only main facts, which o ice understood cannot be forgotten) of the use of the English language— its Saxon foundation aud the main sources of addition — . French, Latin, Greek. This would of course include a little useful as well as interesting history. 3\. The elements ef a sentence, leading gradually up to the necessity or use of all the parts of speech, and so to a general classifica tion. 4\. Of the Verb.— Transitive or intransitive, regular or irregular. Oi the Noun— Proper, common, abstract, in the broad distinctions, with information on all the other parts of speech, not more minute, but thoroughly comprehen sible, otherwise it is better to omit it altogether. 5\. The inflectional changes of verbs to express voice, mood, tense, person, and number ; of the noun to denote gender, number, and case; and so on through the other inflected parts of speech. In connection with thij step many fundamental principles of orthography should be taught. 6\. The syntactical relations of words to one another in sentences, viz., subjective, predica tive, attributive, objective, complementary, and adverbial ; also of sentences to each other, a3 the co-ordinative and subordinate relations. This scheme, if properly carried out, would stand in lieu of the mental training involved in the study of classics, mathematics, and logic in colleges and grammar schools, and would ba of as much benefit to the public elementary schoolboy as any part of his short school course. I am, Sir, &o.;, J. HARRY HAYDON, Mount Gambler, October 20, 1874. 