THE INVESTITURE OF PATRICK ALFRED JENNINGS, ESQ., WITH THE ORDER OF ST. GREGORY. Monday laBfc, was a grand day at St. Mary's Cathedral, for beside3 being the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, it was the fortieth anniver sary of Archbishop Folding's consecration, and the day chosen for the investiture of P. A. Jon ning3, Esq., of Karoola, Double Bay, with the order of St. Gregory, lately conferred upon him by his Holiness Pius IX. The sanctuary of the cathedral was gorgeously and appropriately decorated with banners and the altar with. flowers. &c;, the whole being done under the immediate supervision of Father Colletti, the Archbishop's chaplain. Not less than 3000 persons could have been present in the church. as every available foot of space was occupied. Pontifical High Mass commenced at 11 o'clock, at which his Grace Archbishop Polding was celebrant ; Fathers Walsh and Bonaventure deacons ; assistant priest, the Very Rev. John Dwyer (President of Sfc. Mary's College, Lynd huvst) ; Father D. P. Quirk, deacon ; Father Bernard Callachor, sub-deacon ; and Father Colletti, master of ceremonies. The full orches tra, numbering sixteen instruments, of the opera company, with Signora ZenoniGamboa, Signor Rosnati, Signor Dondi, and Signor Coliva wei'e engaged for the occasion. Mrs. Cordaer Miles and Miss Clara Lsa alao rendered goed service. The Kyrie and Gloria were selected from Morzarts 12th Mass, the Credo, from Hadyn's No 4, aud the remainder from Gounod. Signor Z oilman played the organ, and the whole choir was under the coniluctorship of Mr. John A. Delany. Signora Zenoai sang the *'Qui Tollis,' and 'Efc Inearnatua' (both by Giorza), Signor Rosnati, the \' Cujns Aniinam' (Ros3ini), Signor Dondi, 'Pro Peccafrs' (Rossini), and Signor Coliva, the 'Ave Maria' (Colban.) It is needless to say that the rendering of each of these had a very grand effect, and wa3 listened to with rapt attention by the congegation During Mas-s the Knight Eiecc with his Esquire (Mr. Thomas Butler) knelt outside the rails of the Sanctuary. At the conclusion of the Mass, the Knight Elect, with bis young son and his Esquire, were admitted within the Sanctuary, and knelt on the step of the Alta?, the Archibishop mean wnue, naving laKen a seas m a cnair placed on the top step of the altar, with the ! attendant priests and sanctuary boya grouped ! around him in the form of a semi-circ!e. | Father Coletti read the Papal brief constituting Mr. Jennings a Knight of the distinguished order of St. Gregory, and Father Cunningham read the folio win t» translation : — | 'Pius the Ninth, Pope and Pontiff. ( ' To our Beloved Son, Patrick Alfreb Jen nings — Health and Apostolical Benediction. ' In these mournful and sad times to us, and te our Roman Catholic Church, there is nothing of more ancient wont than to impart fitting and especial marks of our Fatherly good will to those of the living who, by praise abounding in merits, conspicuously cultivate religion, and strenuously uphold our rights and those of the Holy See, and who relieve the shortness of our means with a liberality of the highest example. Thou, beloved son, hast clearly shewn by the documents thou hast given that thou art one of those member?. Therefore on til's account, absolving tbee from all sorts of excommunication, interdict or other ecclesiastical censures, sentences, or pen alties existing in whatever manner, for what ever cause, or however strongly incurred, and by the favour of these presents, and accounting thee to be absolved, we elect and'eonstitute thee Knight of the order of St. Gregory the Great of the civil class, and we receive thea into this most illustrious order. In like manner we per mit thee to v/ear the proper dress of the knights of this order, and the proper insignia, namely, an eight-sided gold cros-i, with red surface bear ing the image of Si. Gregory the Great in the centre, which freely and lawfully thou art to bear pendant from a ribbon of red silk, edged with gold colour, on the left side of the breast, in the same manner of other knights. Nor, in dead, either iu the wearing of she dress or in the bearing of the insignia, is there to be any differ ance of manner. We command this form as here placed to be delivered un-o tbee. ' Giveu at Rome, at St. Petev's, under seal of til1* Fisherman, 20th day of February, 1874, 23th year of our Pontificate. : ' V. CARD. ASQUINIUS.' The prelimiaary prayers and offices being then recited by his Grace, the sword was blessed. His Grace then presented the newly-elected Knight with the sword, saying : — ' Receive this sword in the name of the Father, and of the Son, aud of the Holy Ghost ; and, so far as human weakness will permit it, may you injure no one with it unjustly; which, may Up be pleased to grant, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, God, for ever and ever. Amen.' The sword was then placed in its sheath, and the weapon hung at the side of the Knight, the Archbishop repeating the following words :- ' Accingare gladio tuo super femur tu'.un polentissitne ; efc attende quod Sancti nou in gladio sed per fidem vicurunt regna.' The Kngbt then rose, aud tinning to wards the psople, brandished his sword three times — to the east, north, and west, — and. then, returning to a kneeliug position, his Grace attached the beautiful red and gold eight pointed cross of the order, to the neophyte's left breast. The Knight and hs Esquire then rose and took their seats ; the choir in the mean- , time singing the Te Beum. The order of St. Gregory the Great was founded by Pope Gregory XVI., on 1st Sep -fceuibirr, 1S31, as a reward for zeal and devotion diBilayed in the caus8 of the Roman Catholic religion and Apostolic authority in the age of religious opposition and ind.ffeience. The b;ulg t of the order (according to Bourke'a 'Order of Knighthood,' page3 171, 172). coa sis^.s of an octagonal golden cross, chased and enamelled rod. The blue middle contains, on the obverse the effigy of St. Gregory, and on the reverse the words Deo eb principe, both accompaniad by the legend, S. Gregorious magniis. The decoration is worn by the Knights in a small form suspended by a red ribbon with yellow borders, at the button hole, on the left breast. The cross of non- military knights — like Mr. P. A. Jennings— is worn pendant from a green olive branch. The acceptance of this honorary foreign order of knighthood is never - recognized by the British Crown except under the very stringent terms laid down in a minute emanating from the Foreign Office on 10th May, 1855. Such honours as the , Cross of St. Gregory are, however, frequently con ferred upon British subjects, but only one other investiture has taken place in this colony, that of the late Don Eduardo San Just, in 1867, the then Spanish Consul. The knights of St. Gregory do not wear any distinctive dress. Later in the afternoon a banquet was given in the Presbytery, at St, Mary's in honour of the two events of the day, viz., the celebration of | the fortieth anniversary of the consecration Jof j his Grace Dr. Polding and the investiture of i Mr. Jenniug with the Order of St. Gregory. The clergymen present from the city and suburbs numbered about forty, and several laymen also attended by invitation, ainonssb whom, besides Mr. Jennings and Mr. T. Butler, we noticed Mr.. Ellis, Mr. Mullens, Mr. Prendergaat and | Mr. Hollingdale. There was a sumptuous ! spread provided under the direction of M. I Conrpagnoni, to which full justice was ! done. Dean Kenny proposed, as the first | toast, the health of hia Grace the Archbishop j of Sydney, recalling the details and the results of his missionary life, since his first land ing here about thirty-nine yeara ago. He said that he had had an »pportuniGy of watching the whole course of the eccebiactical administration here. They were all witnesses of its. ultimate sue- j ceses butjonly those whosaw what the Colony was at the first, could fully appreciate the great work which Dr. Polding had done. He then dwelt elo- j quentiy on the great qualities shown by his Grace j here during his whole administration, one of J thegreateat of which was his highminded tolerance which had won for him the goodwill of the j members of every sect in this mixed community. ; And now they must all rejoice that his Grace was to receive the assistance of a coadjutor, ; and to be succeeded by a prelate worthy in every i way to complete the work so nobly begun. He ! hoped that bis Grace would live to see the new Cathedral opened, and have one of the dearest wishes of his heart realized. The Archbishop's health was drank with en thusiasm. Dr. Polding made an eloquent reply, depre cating the unqualified praise which was lavished upon him. He took no credit for having done his duty to hi3 uttermost ability, for be was only following afar in the well-beaten footsteps of Ca tholic prelates in all ages of the Church. He had been nobly assisted by the Catholic people ! in the past, and he still hoped, not to ' open ' the new Cathedral, for it was too much ' open ' already, but to close it. His Gragb, in affectionate terms, then pio posed the health of Dr. Vaughan the Coadjutor ArchbiBhop, who had given up all that this world values to devote himself heart and soul to the labours of a missionary life. The Rev. C. M'Cartity, who was called upon to respond, made a very telling and witt}' speech into which he introduced several facts illustrative of Dr. Vaughan's early-won and well deserved popularity. His Crack next proposed what he called ' the last but not the least' toast of, the day. He said : — Sir Patrick Alfred Jennings, it is with very great pleasure that I have been the means of conveying to you this decora tion of Christian Knight Hood — this token of favour from our Holy Father Pius IX. Honours are doubly precious when they come from an illustrious source, and rest upon a worthy subject. Such a worthy subject, my dear son, I know you to be, and therefore I have the twofold satisfaction of conferring a dignity which has a special brightness ehed upon it by the personal character of that Most Gracious Pontiff who decrees it ; and in confer ring it on one who will value it and maintain it aa is ought to be valued and maintained. For indeed our most dear Holy Father is one, from whoaa any person might gladly receive a mark of favour and esteem ; but to us, the children of his household, it haa uatutally in these days of outrage and tt ial a Buperadded preciousness. Piua IX was always great and beloved ; he is to us now greater and more beloved than ever. Aud yet it must be a singular spectacle to the world ; it ought to convince men of the life and reality of Christian failb. Other thrones are stripped of worldly power aod worldly influence, and straightway their occu pants lose all place iu the thoughts and hearts of the multitude ; not so with our Holy Father : he is robbed; and mocked, and imprisoned, but he never was grander nor more powerful in the loyal, reverent love of the people of his spiritual kingdom. We are hera separated from h s bodily presence as far as earthly space can s-parate us, but we are, just as ever receiving honours from him, and and rendering dutiful honour to him, and what we are doing is done also all over the, world. The sun never sets on that spiritual kingdom of hia, because it is lh& true living snn, that free from the laws of matter and space, warms and illumines Christian hearts and Christian faith. To this glorious spiritual sovereign and father ic is fit that we should at all times pay a service of affec tion aud thanks, but especially now when we are assembled to appropriate and pro claim a special honour. Sir Patrick, I am pp inking (tie said) to one who knows right we'i. I am sure, the spirit and the dignity of Christian Knighthood, and. you will estimate that -iijmt»( a'l the more, if possible, because it has iome up-3n you from so noble a source, and in tvo.h disastrous times. Yes ; one great want of our tiinoa is the spirit of Christian Knightl ( od That spirit, I take it, is the spirit of foititoid©/ of purity, of hardihood, of generosity, of devotion, of faith. Outward manifesto tions may change as the world changes ; its material weapons, such as they were of old may be now rather symbols than instru ments, but the substance, the essence of the institution, so far forth as it was grafted on, and vivified by, Christian faith, is ever the same. And this ever-living identity of spirit under different forms, is precisely what a Catholic gentleman, who receives this honour of knight hood, is bound to exhibit. He is to be a leader amongst his fellow-men in all the virtues that have more evidently the mark of the Cross upon them, those that I have just mentioned, those that are obviously truer and greater things than the sparkling mental accomplishments, the outside refinements that go so far to build up the respectable men of the wor!d. Each age of the Church has its own perils. At one time fire and sword, lawlessness aud brute violence of the infidel may have been prominent, and called for champions to right the wronged, to shield the weak, to protect the sanctuary at tho cost of toil, and suffering, and life itself. Thia state of things no longer exists, though there are some ominous threafcenings of its re turn. But our day has its own dangers, less open and noisy, but certainly more fearful, more poisonous to Christian vita'ity. Th« moral strength of men now-a-days is worn down too often by an over estimate of physical discom fort and evil, by an unwise avoidance of work. Hardship is more dreaded than sin, and ease trenches on the boundaries of hononr if not of honesty; human threats are more terrible than God's warniugs. Here then is an enemy against which' the fortitude of the Christian knight ia to contend by example and encouragement. And in like manner each of the knightly virtues has its peculiar modern enemy, its crusade in a home land — purity has to contend against the law of divorce, and the detriments which its operation will bring upon- the sanctity of the Christian family. The hardihood of the Christian knight; will tend to shame the soft, effeminate lives of men surrounded at every moment with, all the appliances of sensuous enjoyment that art- and science can procure for them. His household, will be trained by example and precept to dislike that wan ton costliness of apparel and ornament that so ill befits the abode of a Christian. Look also ab the modern foes to generosity, and devo tion, and faith ; how subtle and contagious ! — how widely Bpread ! — how covered with a mask of reasonableness ! Against generosity there are the stock sneers at enthusiasm — the com mercial calculations — that are lavish enough in the building of a steamship or a palace of amuse ment, but most strictly economical in building an hospital or a church ; these in private and social life, and in public life thero is the hypocritical doctrine of ' non intervention' as it is called, by which device, nation?, that would like to be esteemed as good Sarxaritans, can sit at ease and watch the robber maltreat hs victim. Against Chris tian devotion and |faith there is the monster of rationalism, teaching that religion is a matter of human opinion, and then, having thus engen» dered sects, turns round and declaims against sectarianism, being itself the very essence and source of sectarianism. It ia this monster which separates practically Christian educa tion from instruction, which speaks about the children of Christians as '* children of the State' The sacred Scriptures say 'a man's enemies shall be they of his own household,' and certainly they who are professedly ia the household of Christian faith have been so misled as to become really the enemies of Chris tian faith. Here then are the foes which mainly in our time call for the exercise of fortitude of self-discipline, of purity of intent and life, of warmth and energy of faith. Honours bring responsibility if they are not to be an idle name, and therefore it is, my dear aon and friend, that I speak of these things to you particularly on this occasion. They are, it iB true, our common foea that I speak of, our common Christian warfare, but you ara in the service of our Lord's Church, a leader amongst your fellow-Christians ; and T know you will not evade tha responsibility, because I know, you are worthy of the honour. I pray God that you may have a long and honorable life in his service, and that your children may learn from looking upon you how wealth, and fetation, and the esteem of friends may not only be, by God's grace, borne safely, but even become means of sanotitication. All will be well in in our outer life, if we begin well and persevere in our inner life ; {and therefore I commend to you a motto to be worn in your heart, as the knights of old wore one on their shield. It shall be the princely words of the holy Apostle whose festival we thia day celebrate — 'I am Biire that neither death, nor life, nor angela, ner princip ilitics, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor might, nor height, nor dt-pth, ncr any other creature, shall be able to separate in from the love of God, which is ia Cnrist Jeaus our Lord.' His Grace concluded by proposing the health of Mr. Jennings. The toast was warmly received. Mr. Jennings said ; — My Lord Archbishop, Reverend Fathers, and Gentlemen, — I have to thnnk you most cordially for the gracious manner in which you have recoived the toast of my health, and for the hearty response which it has called forth. It gives me the deepest and aiucerest pleasure that I am here to have my health proposed by a Prelate for whom I. have such an affectionate aud undying esteem, and C must candidly state that if it were at all possible to enhance the high honour that L have this day been the unworthy recipient of, at the hands of his Holiness the Supreme P tntiff of Christendom, it would he.thefactof receiving it from the bands of the Prolate whose it-! has adorned, not. alone onr Church, but the c vii society of our time ; and for whom I have hvaya felt the rno3t profound veneration and respect. For of him it may truly be said— «w that he has shown by liia works the faith that ia in him,' and I may fearlessly assert that of all men in those Australian lands, there is none more worbhy of respect and high honour. The celebration of this day has indeed a deep and significant meaning to all who can truly detach themselves from the all- absorbing cares of the day — the maiuniai bidthekai. Survey the position of the Christian faith in its bear ing upon the progress of modern ideas. To-day we celebrate the feast of the great Apostles, Peter and Paul. To-day the widely spread circle ©f all Christian men through the world recall the deeds and prayers of these two great Apostles. To day resounds through the world fcho glorious anthem— 'OEoma felix, quaecluorum principum, es consecrata glorioso sanguine.' Peter to whom came the blessing of being the Eock of Faith, against which the turbulent and ever changing seas of error and heresy were to beat all in vain ; and Paul, the great Apostle of the Gentiles, whose Epistles stir the depths ' of our souls, and whose burning words and , lofty precepts strike conviction to every Christian i mind. It is a lovely and a gracious remembrance ' that our Mother Church brings before us every year that such men and saints have lived and died, whose lives were forour benefit and example. The great saint in whose honour the distinguished i . i ? i t i ? i ? 1.1- : _ A n-w « ,1 .«« » i-,.A ? oraer to wmen i nave ueeu i-ms uay iiumiuteu cannot but be an object of admiration and reverential respect to all English speaking men, for it was he of all men who, under heaven, oaused the conversion of the inhabitants of the isles of Britain to the Christian faith. I wag very much impressed in reading lately an essay of one of the greatest of living thinkers, John Henry Newman, on the characteristics of the Popes : — ' The Popes have been old men ; but, won derful to say, they have nevor boen slow to ▼enture out upon a new Hue, when it was neces sary, and had ever been looking about, sound ing, exploring, taking observations, recon noitring, attempting, even when there was no immediate reason why they should not let well alone, as the world would say, or even when they were hampered with difficulties at their door, so great, that you would think that they had no time or thought to spare for anything in the distance. It is but a few years ago that a man of eighty, of humble origin, the most Conserva tive of Popes, as he was considered, with disaffection and sedition upheaving his throne, was found to be planning missions for the interior of Africa, and, when a moment's oppor tunity was given him, made the most anto cratioal of Emperors, the very hope of Consor- ?? vatives, the very terror of Catholics, quail beneath his glance. And, thus independent of times and places, the Popes have never found any difficulty, when the proper moment came, of following out a new and daring line of policy (as their astonished foes have callad it), of leaving the old world to shift for itself, and to disappear from the scene in its due season, and of fastening on and establishing themselves in the new. ' I am lad to this line of thought by Sfc. Gregory's behaviour to the Anglo. Saxon race, on the break-up of the old civilisation. I am not mentioning our people for their own sake, but beoause they furnish an instance of that remarkable trait in the character of Popes, of which I have been speaking. One would have thought that in the age of St. Gregory, a Pope had enough to do in living on from day to day, withont {troubling himself about the future j that, with the Lombard at his doors, he would not have had spirit to set about converting fch» English ; and that if he was anxious abouo Jie preservation of learning, he would have looked elsewhere than to the isles of the North, for its yefage in the evil day. Why, I repeat, was it not easier, aaier, ana more feasible tor mm to have made much of the prosperous, secure, and long established schools of Alexandria, when the enemy went about him plundering and burning ? Ho was not indeed on the best terms with Constantinople ; Antioch was exposed to other enemies, and had suffered from them already ; but Alexandria was not only learned and proteotod, but was a special ally of the Holy See ; yet Alexandria was pnt aside for England and Ireland. * * . * * * *' What were these outer barbarians to Ore gory ? how c«uld they relieve him or profit him? What compensation could they make for what the Church was then losing, or might lose in future ? Yet he corresponds with their king and queen, urges them to complete what they had so happily begun, reminds Bertha of St. Helena, and what St. Helena did for the Komans, and Ethelbert, of the great Constan tino ; informs them of tho satisfaction which their conversion had given to the Imperial Court at Constantinople, and sends them sacred pre sents from the Apostle Peter.' And so it may be said that the Supreme Pon tiffs, detached as they have been, always have been invariably able to tako a juster view of the spiritual wants of the world, .than those whose lives are burdened with many temporal i cares, as the horizon, so to speak of whose I vision ia obscured with the mis Is of ex- ; pedioncy, or with the daily ami ever-recur- ! rinp riiffi mil ties of the c.ires of this Hf«. i Forty years is a long time in the life of a - nation- a very long time in the 'life of a man — j and how long must it be said to bo in the life of j a community like ours. Forty years ago, how little was thought of New Holland or its possible future, in Europe. Forty years ago, many who j now sit here wore not in existence. Forty years i ago, the man who would have ventured a prediction of the glorious destiny of this great young giant empire of Australasia, would have been laughed at as a visionary. For who indeed could have forseen our present greatness and importance, and who could humanly have foretold that this city of Sydufcy, of whioh on this day forty years ago, our revered host was consecrated Archbishop, Would uhave risen to its present position of njafcropolitaa tlistiuofciouj and greatness, and ponlation, and wealth, as the Queen City of the South. Yet forty years ago, the Holy See, guided by that unerring and un changing wisdom of God that shall never fail nor cease, directed the consecra tion of our John Bede Polding as Arch bishop of Australia. Just glance back at that time, and see what has occurred since, and I ask you if any more visible and potential bless ing has to come to us, than that we should have been favoured by the blessing of Heaven and the wisdom of the Holy See, with the Episcopal presence of such a man, forjbelicve me, 0 friends thst good men arc the salb of the earth, and a good example goes further than one may think. I feel very deeply the gracious allusions of our revered host, and can only say that in the ful i ness of his charity he has taken an all too lenient and indulgent view of the little that I have tried to do for the Christian Church iu these lands. Of this I am assured that re ligion is the deepest thing in life and that no one can with any degree of safaty, get rid of, or ran away from religion, it may be awkward, it may be inconvenient, it may impinge against the social angles of those whom we lova and esteem, but 0 friends, it is not to be stifled or got rid of — 'Quench not the Spirit.' 1 yield to no man in a loyalty to the Crown and the free and glorious institutions under which we live ; and I fearlessly assert that there is nobbing more strongly laid down to us as Catholics than to be loyal to ©ur Sovereign. I am perfectly aware that in the realms of Great Britain that the Queen is the proper and legitimate fountain of honour, and of all civil distinction. Fully im pressed as I am with this belief, I nevertheless accept, with the most sincere and unfeigned pleasure, the distinction received by me this day -from our revered Archbishop, acting on behalf of the illustrious Father of the Chris tian world. The old title of ' Defvnssr Fidei,' granted to the Sovereigns of Great Britain aud Ireland is to this day worn aud retained by them, which, I imagine, is in some degree a recognition that the Supreme Pontiff is also a fountain of honour, but however this may may be, I now Bioaply wish to state to your Grace and to. the august body whom I see here assembled, that 1 shall ever cherish, with the most sincere and profound respect the memory of this day, not alone for the sake of the honour conferred upon me, but for the pleasurable as Bociation connected with this reunion of his Grace our venerable Archbishop, and the clergy and laity that I have had the pleasure of meet ing round this friendly board. 