HEENAN. Throo or fonr lines of a paragraph ob. scurely thrust amoug the English news, in forms the world that John 0. Hoonan (at ono time tho talk of. the day wherever Eoglish is spoken) has followed his old antagonist Sayers to "that bourne from whence no traveller returns." Somo twelve years ago the deaeased pugilist was a veritable liou. His arrival in England to pummel the life out of Tom Sayers — if ho could— croated immenso sensation. He was interviewed by all classes, from bruisers to noblemen ; and was as oarefuliy touted in his training as the first favorite for the Derby. When tho so-called "international contest" eventually oame off at Farnborough It was attended by men who were not of thoBe dolightiog in prize fights. Fashionable authors, statosmen, and oven olergymen were seen seated outsido tho ropes, watching tho littlo man, with one arm disabled, sent down time after time by his huge antagonist, yet still coming up again undisinayod. And when tho groat fight ended in a drawn battle, it mast be confessed that Heonan was scarcely well treated by his British admirers. Thoy went through the moakery of presenting him and Sayera w ith a champion's belt each ; but while the lattor got his bolt all right, Hoenan's was not paid for, and he never really received it. On Sayers, as the representative of English pluck, all the substantial tokens of admi ration centred. Lord Palmo'rston made a collection for him in the House of Commons. The stockbrokers of Mincing lane presented him with a purse of sovereigns. Subscrip tions to tho " Sayors' Annuity Fund" poured . in from all parts of tho country, and the pugilist was mado inde pendent. Bnt ho did not long snrvive to enjoy it. The. tremendouB pounding he had received from Heenan, added to a strong passion for grog which he manifested when bis training days wore over, soon removed the renowned Tom Sayers to tho land of shadows, thero to interview the ghostB of Gribb, Spring, and other departed Hittites Heenan, apparently less favored by For tune than bis opponent, had no sympathis ing friends to provide him with annuities. Ho had to work for his living, and being unable to emnlato the exaesscs in whiah Sayers indulged, has consequently lived longer: After attempting in vain to thrash Tom King, he found himself too shattered to continue in the fistic arena with nny hope of success. With him dies the last remnant of interest connooted with pugilism inEngland. The fight between Sayers and Heenan was tho last "roapeotablo " one in England. No ono bat tho lowest of tho low takes an atom of interest now in prize fighting in the old conntry. Fights for tho English champion ship oome off in America ; and "Tho Fancy" aro at a discount in England. Thoy owo this to their knavery and brutality, to tho cool ness with whioh thoy were always roady to soli thoir baokors, or " play a oross." Perhaps we shall see something of tho kind happen to the turf ono of those days — thanks to its dis reputable followers. 