the t r a i l of t h e serpent. BOOK THE FOURTH. NAPOLEON THE GREAT. CHAPTER III. (CONTINUED.) THE EUPEOOR DIDS ADIEU TO ELBA. BF THE AUTHOR OF "/rfftfy Audky'e Secret," «Aurora Floyd," &c;, t & The red-liaircd gentleman at this sprang to his feet, threw off the rosy looks aud tho ferocious whiskers, and looked round at the Cherokecs with his hands in his pockets. " Daredevil Dick!" A shout arose—one brief wild hum, such ns had not been heard in that room—which wc know wins none of the quietest—within the memory of the oldest Cherokee. Daredevil Dick—escaped—come back—as handsome as ever—as jolly as ever—as glorious a fellow—as thorough-going a brick—as noble hearted a trump ns eight years ago, when he had been the life and soul of all of thein! such shaking of hands ; everybody shaking hands with him again and again, and then eveiybody shaking hands with everybody else; and the billiard-player wipiug his eyes with the hillard cue; and tlie sleepy gentleman waking up and rubbing the mustard into his drowsy eyes; aud the domino-player, who, though he execrates all mankind, wouldn't hurt the tiniest wing of the tiniest fly, even he makes a miraculous effort, picks up the doublesix, and magnanimously pnwents it to Richard. " Take it old fellow, and may it make you happy 1 If Td played that domino, I should have won the game." Up m which he executed two or three steps of a Cherokee dance, and relapsed into the aforesaid imbecile imprecations, in mixed French and English, on the inhabitants of the worldjnot capable of appreciating hiiu, It was a long time before anything like quiet could lie restored; but when it was, Ricliard addressed the meeting. "Gentlemen, before the unfortunate circumstance which lias so long sejiarated us, you knew me, I believe, well, and I am proud to think you esteemed and trusted me." Did they 1 Oh, rather. They jingled all the glasses, and broke three in the enthusiastic protestation of ail afliiuativc. " I need not allude to the uuliappy accusation of which I have been the victim. You are, I understand, acquainted with the full particulars of my miserable stoiy, and you rcr^r mo happy by thinking mo to be innocent. By thinking him to be innocent! By knowing him to be innocent! They are so indignant at the bare thought of anybody believing otherwise, that somebody in the doorway, the Smasher himself, growls out sometiling about a—forcible adjective—noise, and the police. "Gentlemen, I liave this day gained my liberty; thanks to the exertions of a person to whom I am also indebted for my life, and thanks also to the exertions of my old friend Gus Darlcy." Everybody hero insisted on shaking hands over again with Gus, which WHS rather a hindrance to the spsaker's progress; but at last Richard went on— " Now, gentlemen, relying on your friendship" (hoar, hear! and another glass broken), " I am about to appeal to you to assist mc in the future object of my life. That object will be to discover the real murderer of my uncle, Montague Harding. In what manner, when, or where you may be able to assist me in this I cannot at present say, but you arc all, gentlemen, men of talent (More glasses broken, and a good deal of beer spilt into e\c*ybody's boots). " You are all men of varied experience, of inexhaustible knowledge of the world, and. of tho life of London. Strange things happen every day of our lives. Who shall say that some amongst you may not fall by some strange accident, or let me say rather by the handiwork of Provideuce, across this at present entirely unravelled mystery i Promise me therefore, gentlemen, to give me the benefit of your experience ; and whenever that experience throws you into the hauuts of bod men romember that the man t soek may by some remote chance, bo amongst them ; and that to find liim is the object of my life. I cannot givo - you tho faintest index to what he may be, or who he may be. Ho may be dead, and beyond the reach of justice—but he may live 1 and if he does, Heaven grant that the man who has suffered the stigma of his g iilt may track him to his doom. Gentlemen tell me that your hearts go with mo." They told him so,, not once, but a dozen times; shaking hands with him, and pushing divers liquors into lus hand every time. But they got over it at last, and tho gentleman with tho billiard-cue rapped their hoods with that Instrument to tranquilize them, and then rose as president, and said— " Richard Marwood, our hearts go with you thoroughly and entirely, and we swear to give you the best powers of our intellect* and tho c. utmost strength of our abilities to aid you iu your search. Gentlemen, are you prepared to subscribe to this oath ?" They were prepared to subscrilie to it, and tliey did subscribe to it, everyono of them— rather noisily, but very heartily. When tliuy had done so, a gentleman emerges from the shadow of the doorway, who is no other than the illustrious left-handed ouo who had come upstairs in auswer to Darley's summons, just before Richard addressed the Cherokecs. The Smasher was not a liandsome man. His nose had been broken a good many times, and that hadn't improved liim ; he had a considerable number of scans about his face, including almost every known variety of cut, and they didn't improve liim. His complexion, again, bore perhaps too close a resemblance to mottled Boap to come within the region of the beautiful; but he had a fine manly expression of countenance, which, in his amiable moments, reminded tho beholder of a benevolent bulldog. He came up to Ilicluwl, and took him by the hand. It M as no small ordeal of courage to shako hands with the Left-handed Smasher, but Daredevil Dick stood it liko a man. " Mr. Richard Marwood," said he, " you've been a good friend to me over since you was old enough—"he stopped here, and cast about in his mind for the fitting pursuits of early youth—" ever since you was old enough to give a cove a black eye, or knock your friends teeth down his throat -with a light Itackliander I've know you down stairs ii- sweariu' at the barmaid, and holdin' your own agin the whole lot of Cliecrfuls, wlum other young gents of your age was a-lnakin' themselves bad with sweetstufls and green apples, and cullin' it life. I've known you to help that gent yonder," he gave a jerk wtih liis thumb in the direction of the domino-player, " to wrench off his own pa's knocker, aud send it to him by twopenny .post next mornin', seventeen and sixpence to pay postage ; but I never know\l you to do a bad action, or to hit out upon a cove as was down. Richard tlianked the Smasher for Ids good opinion, and they shewk liands again. " I'll tell you wliwt it is," continued the host, " I'm a man of few words. If a cove offends me, I givo liian my left between his eyes, playful; if he does it agin, I give him my left agon, with a weanin', and lie don't repeat it. If agent us I like does me proud I feels grateful, aud wheat I has the elinnce I shows him my gratitude. Mr. Iiicliard Marwood, I'm your friend to the last spoonful of my claret, and let the man as murdered your uncle keep clear of my left inawley, if he wants to preserve his beauty." MR. CHAPTER VI. PETERS RELATES HOW HE THOUGHT NAD A CLUE, AND HOW HE LOST IT. A WEEK after the meeting of the Cherokecs Richard Marwood received his mother, in a small furnished house lie had taken in Spring Gardens. Mrs. Marwood, possessed of the entire fortune of her murdered brother, was a very rich woman. Of her huge income she had, during the eight years of her son's imprisonment, spent scarcely anytlung; as, encouraged by Mr. Joseph Pcters's mysterious hints and vague promises, she had looked forward to the deliverance of her beloved nnd only child. The hour had come. She held him in her arms ogam, free. " No, mother, no," he says, " not free. Free from the prison walls, but not free from the stain of the false accusation. Not till the hour when all England declares my iunocence sliall I be indeed a free man. Why, look you, mother, I cannot go out of this room into yonder street without such a disguise as a murderer himself might wear, for fear some Slopperton official should recognise the features of the lunatic criminal, and send mo back to my cell at the asylum." My darling boy," she lays her hands upon his shoulderr, aud looks proudly into his handsome face, " my darling boy, these people at Slopperton think you deaid. Sec," she touched her black dross ns she spoke, " it is for you I wear this. A painful deception, Richard, even for such an object I cannot boar to think of that river, and of what might have been." " Dear mother, I have been saved, perhaps, that I make inako some atonement for tliat reckless, wicked past" " Only reckless, Richard; never wicked. You liad always tho same noble heart, always tho uamo genort^tsod; you were always my dear and only H ^ ^ " You ranonpV^^tte young man says in tho play, mottier^JPn ho gets into a scrapo through neglecting his garden and making love to hiB master's daughter— ( You shall bo proud of your son yet.'" ns " I shall be proud of you, Richard. I am proud of you. We are rich; and wealth is power. Justice shall bo done you yet, my darling boy. You have friends " " Yes, mother, good and true ones. Peters —you brought liim with you?" " Yes; I persuaded liim to resign his situation. I have settled a hundred a year on him for life—a poor return for wliat he lias done, Richard; but it was all I could induce him to accept, and he only agreed to take that on condition that every moment of his life should be devoted to your service." " Is lie in the house now, mother I" " Yes, he is below ; I will ring for him." Do, mother. I must go over to Darlcy, and take him with me. You must not think me an innttentive or neglectful son ; but remember that my life has but one business till tliat man is found." He wrung her hand, and left her standing at the window watching his receding figure through the quiet dusky street. Her gratitude to Heaven for his restoration is deep and heartfelt; but there is a shade of sadness in her face as she looks out into the twilight after him, and tliinks of the eight wasted years of his youth, aud of his bright manhood now sj>ent on a chimera; for she thinks he will never find the murderer of his uncle. How, after eight years, without oue clue by which to trace him, how can he hope to track the real criminal ? But Heaven is above us all, Agnes Marwood ; and in tho dark and winding paths of life light sometimes comes when and whence we least expect it. If you go straight across Blackfriars Bridge, and do not suffer yourself to be beguiled either by the attractions of that fiishionablc transpontine loiuige, the " New Cut," or by the eloquence of the List celebrity at that cireular chapel some time sacred to Rowland Hill—if you are not a man to be led away by whelks and other piscatorial delicacies, second- liand furniture, birds and bird-cages, or easy shaving, you may ultimately reach, at the inland end of the road, a locality known to the inhabitants of the district iis Friar Street. "Whether, in any dark period of our ecclesiastical history, the members of the mother church were ever reduced to tho necessity of living in this neighborhood I am not prepared to say. But if ever any of the magnates of the Catholic faith did liang out in this direction, it is to be hoped that the odours from the soap-lwiler's round the comer, the rich essences from the tallow manufactory over the way, the varied perfumes from the establishment of the gen- tleman who docs a thousand ]>ounds a week in size, to say nothing of such minor and domestic effluvia as are represented by an amalgamation of red herrings, damp corduroy, old boots, onions, washing, a chimney on fire, dead cats, bad eggs, and an ojwn drain or two —it is to be hoped, I say, that these conflicting scents did not pervade the breezes of Friar Street so strongly iu the good old times as they do in these our later days of luxury aud refinement Mr. Darley's establishment, ordinarily spoken of as the surgery , was perhaps one of the most pretending features of the street. It asserted itself, iu tact, with such a redundancy of gilt letters and gas burners, that it seemed to say, " Really now, you must be ill; or if you're not you ought to be." It was not a very large house, this establishment of Mr. Darley's, but there were at least lialf-a-dozen bells on the doorpost. There was Surgery; then there was Day and Night (Gus wanted to have Morning aud Afternoon, but somebody told him it wasn't professional); then there was besides surgery, day and night bells, another brilliant brass knob, inscribed "Visitors," and a ditto ditto, whereon was engraved " Shop." Though, as there was oidy one small back-parlour beyond the shop into which visitors ever penetrated, and as it was the custom for all such visitors to walk straight tlirough the aforesaid shop into the aforesaid parlour without availing themselves of any bull whatever, tho brass knobs were looked upon rather in the light of a conventionality than a convenience. But Gus said they looked like business, especially wlieu they were clean, which wasn't always, as a couple of American gentlemen, friends of Darley's, were in the habit of squirting tobacco-juice at them from the other side of the way, in the dusky twilight; tho man who hit the brass offonest out of six times to be tho winner, and the loser to stand beer all tho evening—that is to say, until some indefinite time on the following morning, for Darley's parties seldom broke up very early; and to let the visitors out and take the morning milk in was often a simultaneous proceed' ing in the household of our young surgeon. If ho had been a surgeon only, he would surely have been a Sir Benjamin Brodie; for when it is taken into account that ho could play the piano, organ, guitar, and violoncello, without having learned any of those instruments; that he could write a song, and compose the melody to it; that he could draw horses and dogs after Honing and Landseer; make more puns in one sentence than any burlesque writer living; make love to lialf-adozon women at once, and be believed by every one of them; sing a comic song, or tell a funny story ; name the winner of tho Derby safer than any prophet on tluit side of tho water; and make his book for the Leger with one hand wliilo he wrote a prescription with the other; the discriminating reader will allow that there was a good deal of some sort of talent or other in the composition of Mr. Augustus Darley. In the twilight of this particular autumn evening he is busily engaged putting up aheap of little pickets labelled " Best Epsom Salt*," while his assistant, a very small youth, of a far more elderly appearance than his master, lights the gas. The half-gloss door that communicates with the little back parlour is ajar, aud Gus is talking to some one within. " If I go over the water to- night, Bell—" he says. A feminine voice from within interrupts liim—" But you won't go to-night, Gus; the last time you went to that horrid Smasher's, Mis. Tompkin's little boy was ill, and they sent into the London Road for Mr. Parker. And you are such u favourite, with everyltodv, dear, that they say if you'd only stay at home always you'd have the best practice in the neighborhood." " But, Bell, how can a fellow stay at home night after night, and perhaps half his limit only sell a jR'tinVirth of salts or a poor man's plaster ? If they'd be ill," he added almost savagely, " I wouldn't mind stopping in ; there's some interest in tliat. Or if they'd come and have their teeth drawn; but they never will: and I'm sure I sell 'eiu our Infallible Anti-toothache Tincture ; and if tlmt don't make 'em have their teeth out, nothing will." " Come and have your tea, Gus; aud toll Snix to bring his basin." Snix was the boy, who forthwith drew from a cupboard under the counter the identical basin into which, when a drunken man was brought iuto the shop, Gus usually bled him, with a double view of obtainiug practice in his ait ami bringing the patient back to consciousness. The feminine occupant of the parlour Is a young lady with dark hair and grey eyes, aud something under twenty years of age. She is Augustus Darley't? only sister; she keeps his house, and in an eiueigency she can make up a prescription—nay, has been known to draw a juvenile patient's first tootli, and give him his money back attar the operation for the purpose of consolatory 6Weetstuffs. Perhaps Isalwl Darley is just a little what very prim young ladies, who have never passed the confines of the boarding-school or the drawing-room, might call " fast." But when it is taken into consideration that she was left an orphan at an early age, that she never went to school in her life, and that she has for a very considerable period been in the habit of associating with her brother's friends, chiefly members of the Cherokee Society, it is not so much to lie wondered at that she is a little more masculine in her attainments and " goahead "in her opinions, than some others of her sex. The parlour is small, as lias before been stated. One of the Cherokecs lias been known to suggest, when there were several visitors present and the time arrived for their departure that they should lie taken out singly with a corkscrew. Other Cherokecs, arriving after the room liad been filled with visitors, had been heard to advise that somebody should go in first with a candle, to ascertain whether vitality could bo sustained in the atmosphere. Perlmps tho accommodation was not extended by the character of the furniture, which consisted of a cottage piano, a chair for the purposes of dental sutgeiy, a small Corinthian column supporting a basin with a metal plug and chain useful for liko purposes; also a violoncello in tho corner, a hanging bookshelf—(which was a torture to tall Cherokecs, as one touch from a manly head would tilt down tho shelves and shower the contents of Mr. Darley's library on the head in question, like a literary waterfall)—and a good-sued sofa, with tliat unmistakable well, and hard back and arms, which distinguish the genus sofa-bedstead. Of course tables, chairs, china ornaments, a plasteivof-Paris bust hero and there, caricatures on the walls, a lamp that wouldn't burn, and a patent arrangement for the manufacture of toasted cheese, are trifles in the way of furniture not worth naming. Miss Darley's birds, again, though thoy did spill seed and water into the eyes of unoffending visitors, and drop lumps of dirty sugar sharply down upon the noses of tho same, could not of course be considered a nuisance ; but certainly tho compound surgery and ,back-parlor in the mansion of Augustus Darley was, to Bay the least, a little too full of furniture. While Isabel is pouring out tho too, two gentlemen opeif the shop door, and tlie bcli attached thereto, which should ring but doesn't', catching in the foremost visitor's foot, nearly precipitates him headlong into the emporium of the disciple of Esculapius. This foremost visitor is no other than Mr. Peters, and the tall figure behind him, wrapped in a greatcoat, Is Daredevil Dick. " Hero I am, Gus!" -he cries out, in his own bold hearty voice; "here I am; found your ilace at last, in spite of the' fascinations of fmlf the stale shell-fish in the United Kingdom. Here I am; and here's the best friend I liave in the world, not even excepting yourself, old fellow." Gus introduces Richard to liis sister Isabel, who has beeu taught from her childhood to look upon the young man shut up in a lunatic asylum down at Sloppertou as the greatest hero, next to Napoleon Buouaparte, that ever the world had boasted. She was a little girl of eleven years old at the time of Dick's trial, and had never seen her wild brother's wilder companion; and she looks up now at the dark handsome face with a glance of almost reverence in her deep gray eyes. But Hell is by no means a heroine; and she has a dozen unheroine-like occupations. »Shc has the tea to pour out, and in her nervous excitement she scalds Richard's fingers, drops the sugar into the slop-basin, and pours all the milk into one cup of tea. What she would have; done without the assistance of Mr. Peters, it is impossible to say; for that gentleman showed Iiimself the very genius of order; cut thin breadand- butter enough for half-a-dozen, which not on<! of the party touched ; re- filled the teapot before it was empty; lit the gas-lamp which hung from the ceiling; shut the door which communicated with the shop and the other door which led on to the staircase; and did all so quietly that nobody knew he was doing anything. Poor Richard! In spite of the gratitude and happiness he feels in his release, there is a gloom upon his brow and an abstraction in his manner, which he tries in vain to shako off. A small, round, chubby individual, who might bo twelve or twenty, according to the notions of the person estimating her age, removed the tea-tray, and in so doing broke a saucer. Gus looked up. " She always does it," lie said, mildly. "We're getting quite accustomed to the sound. It rather reduces our stock of china, and we sometimes are obliged to send out to buy tea-things before we can have any breakfast; hut she's a good girl, and she doesn't steal the honey, or the jujubes, or the tartaric acid out of the seidlitzpowdere, as the other one did; not that I minded that much," he continued; " but she couldn't read, and she sometimes filled up the papers with arsenic for fear of being found out; and tliat might have beeu inconvenient, if we'd ever happened to soli them." " Now, Gus," said Richard, as he drew his chair up to the fireplace and lit his pij>e— permission being awarded by Bell, who lived in one pcqietual atmosphere of tobacco-smoke —"now, Gus, I want Peters to tell you all about tills affair; how it was he thought me innocent; how he hit upon the plan he formed for saving my neck: how he tried to cast about aud find a clue to the real murderer; how lie thought he luul found a clue, and how he lost it." "Shall my sister stop while he tells the story!" asked Gus. " She is your sister, Gus," answered Richard. " She cannot be so unlike you as not to he a true and pitying friend to mo. Miss parley," he continued, turning towards her as he spoke, "you do not think me quite so bad a fellow as the world has made me out; you would like to see me righted, and my name freed from the stain of a vile crime?" ." Mr. Marwood," the girl answered, in an earnest voice, "Ihave heard your sad story again and again from my brother's lips. Had you too been my brother, I could not, believe iue, liave felt a deeper interest in your fate, or a truer sorrow for your misfortunes. It needs but to look into your face, or hear your voice, to know how little you deserve the imputation that lias been cast upon you." Richard rises and gives her liis hand. No languid and ladylike pressure, such as would not brush the down off a butterfly's wing, but an honest hearty grasp, that comes straight from the heart. "And now for Mr. Peters* story," said Gus, "wliile I brew a jugful of whisky-punch." "You can loUow his hands, Gust" asks Richard. "Every twist and turn of them. He and I had many a confab about you, old fellow, before we went out fishing, 1 ' said Gus, looking up from the pleasing occupation of peeling a lemon. " Now for it, then," said Richard; and Mr. Peters accordingly began. . „ Perhaps, considering his retmng from the Slopperton police forpea great event, not to say a crisis, in his life, Mr. Peters had celebrated it by another event; and, taking the himself oftho water to Wflshhife haMs With. At any rate, the digital alphabet was a great deal cleaner than when, eight years ago, ho spelt out the two words, " Not Guilty," in the railway carriage. There was something veiy strange to a lookcr-on in the little party, (Jus, Riohard,and Bell, all with earnest eyes fixed on the active fingers of the detective—tho silence only broken by some exclamation at intervals from one of the three. "When first I see this young gent," say the fingers, as Mr. Peters designates Richard with a jerk of his elbow, " I was a-stflndin' on the other side of the way, a-waitin' till my superior, Jinks, as was as much up to his business as a kitting,"—-(Mr. Peters lias rather what we may call a fancy style of orthography, aud takes the final g off some words to clap it on to others, as his taste dictates)—" n-waitin', I sav. till Jinks should want my assistance. Well, gents all—beggin' the lady's pin-ding, as sits up so manly, with none of yer famtin' nor 'sk-riky games," as I a'most forgot she was a lady—-no sooner did I clap eyes upon Mr. MnWood here-, n-smokin* his pipe, in Jinks' face, and a-answerin'him sharp, and a-liehavin' M-hat you may call altogether cocky, than I savsto myself, 'They've got the wrong un. Mv fust words and my lust about this 'ere goiit was, ' They've got the wrong un.' " Mr. Peters looked round at the attentive party with a glance of triumph, rubbed his hands by way of a full-stop, and went on with Ills manual recital. "For whyi" said the fingers, interrogatively, "for why did I think ae this 'ore gent was no good for this Vre murder: for why did I think them chaps at Slopperton had got on the wrong scent ? Because he was cheeky? Lor' bless your precious eyes, miss" (by way of gallantly lie addresses himself here to Isabel), " not a bit of it! When a cove goes and cuts another cove's throat off-hand, it ain't likely he ain't prepared to cheek a police-officer. But when I reckoned up this young gent's face, what was it I see f Why, a* plain as I see his nose and his inoustachois—and he ain't bad off for neither of them," said the fingers, parenthetically—" I see that lie liadn't done it, Now, a cove what's screwed up to face a judge and .jury, maybe can face 'em, and never chaugc a line of his mug; but there isn't a cove as lives as can stand that first tap of a detective's liand upon his shoulder us tells liiiu, plain as words, * The game is up.' The best of 'em, and the pluckiest of 'em, drops under that, If they keeps the color in their face—which some of 'em has got the powei to do, and none as never trial it oil can guess the pain—if they can do that 'ere, the perspiration breaks out wet and cold upon their for'eds, and that blows 'em. But tliis young gent—lie was took aback, he was surprised, and lie was riled, and used bad language ; but his color never changed, aud he wasn't once knocked over till Jinks. oiihusiuess-liko, told him of his uncle's nam; -1. when he turned as white as that 'ere 'ed ot I'/'iHT-nart." Mr. Peters, for want of a better c...mparison, glanced in the direction of a bust of the victor of Marengo, wliicli, what with tobacco-smoke and a ferocious pair of burnt cork inoustachois, was by no means the whitest object iu creation. " Now, what a detective officer's good at, if he's worth his salt, is this 'ere : when he sees two here and another two there, he can put 'em together, though they might be a mile apart to anybody not up to the trade, and make 'em into four. So, tliinks I, the gent isn't took aback at bein' arrested ; but lie is took aback when he hears as how his uncle's murdered. Now, if he'd committed the murder, he'd know of it; and he might sham surprise, but he wouldn't be surprised; aud this young gent was knocked all of a heap as genuine as—" Mr. Peters' ideas still revert to the bust of Napoleon—"as ever that 'ere foiling cove was, when he sees his old guard scrunched up small at the battle of Waterloo." "Heaven knows, Peters," said Ricliaid, taking his pipe out of his mouth, and looking up from his stooping position over the tire, " Heaven knows you were right; 1 did feel my heart turn cold wheu I heard of that good man's death." " Well, that they'd got the wrong un 1 saw was as clear as daylight—but where, was the right un ? That was tho question. Whoever committed the tuuider did it for the money in that 'ere cabinet: and sold agen they was, whoever tliey was, and didn't get the money. Who was in the house? This young gent's mother aud the servant. I was nobody iu the Gardenibrd foreo, uiul 1 was less tlian nobody at Slopperton; so get into that house at the Black Mill I couldn't. This young gent was walked off to gaol, and I was sent about my business—my ordmbeiu'UjbebiuikiuGardeuibixlUwteveiiiii'j leavin' Slopperton by the three-thirty train. Well, I was a little cut up about tliis young gent; -for I. seed that the case was dead agen him | the money in his pocket—the blood on his sleeve—a cock-and-bull story of a letter of introduction, and a verj v evident attempt at a bolt—only enough to hang him, thats all; a; d jfyr all' that, I iad a inward bqn^vicliop that lie was m h1ftiiW<Mti5f Wmtflor aa that 'ere }ilastorof-Paris«etattur. M > :> . Mr. Poters goes regularly to tho buet for comparisons, , by way of- having timot'and trouble in casting about for fresh ones; > "But my orders," continued the -fingers, " was positive, so I gdes down to "the station to start by the threiUlmty ; and as I Walks* into the fetation yard, I hears the whistlo'and sees tho twin go. I was too late ; and as the next train didii't start for near upon three hours, I thought I'd take a stroll and'ava look at the beauties of Hloppertoii. Well I strolls on, promiscuous like, till I comes to the side of a jolly dirty-lbokin' liver ; ami as by this time 1 feels a little dry, ! walks on, lookin' about for a public ; but ne'er a one do I see,, till I almost stumbles into a dingy little place, as looked as if it did about half-a-pint a-day reg'Iar when business Was brisk. But in I walks, past the bar ; and -straight afore me I sees a door as leads into the parlor. The passage was jolly dark ; aud this 'ere door was ajar; and inside I hears voices. Well, business is business, and pleasure is pleasure ; but when a cove takes a pleasure in his business, he gets a way of lettin' his business habits come out unbeknownst when he's taken his pleasure : HO 1 listens. Now, tho voice I heerd fust was a man's voice ; and, though the place was a sort of crib such as nobody but navvies or such-like would lie in the habit > of going to, this 'ere was the voice of a gentleman. I can't say ae ever I paid much attention to grammar myself, though I daresay it's very pleasant, and aumsin' 'when you enter into it ; but for all that. I'd knocked about in the.world long enough to know a gent's way of spcakin' from a navvy's, as well as I knew one turns oil the accordion from another tune. It was a nice, soft-spoken voice too, and quite melodious and pleasant to listen toy but it was a-sayin' some of tho crudest and hardest won Is as ever was spoke to a woman yet by any creature with the cheek to call liisself a man. You're not much good, my friend, says I, with your lardy-dardv ways and your coldblooded" words, whoever you are. You're a thin chap, with light hair and white hands, I know, though I've never seen you ; and there's veiy little in the way of wickedness that you wouldn't lie up to on a push. Now, just as I was a-tliinkin' this, he said sometluu' that sent the blood up into my face as hot as tire—' I expected a sum of money, and I've been disappointed of it,' he said ; aud before the girl he was a-talkin' to could open her hps, lie caught her up sudden—' Never you mind how,' he says, ' never you mind how.' " He expected a sum of money, and he'd bean disappointed of it! so lind the man who murdered this young gent's undo. "Not much in this, perhaps. But why was he so frightened at tho thoughts of her asking him how he expected the money, and how he'd bin disappointed f There it got fishy. At any rate, says I to myself, I'll have a look at you my friend ; so in 1 walks, very quiet and quite unbeknownst He was a- sittiu' with his back to the door, and the young woman he was a-talkin* to was standin' jookiu' out of the winder; so neither of 'em saw nie. 11c was building up some cards into a house, and had got 'em up very high, when I touched his shoulder sudden. He turned round and looked at me." Mr, Peters here paused, and looked round at the little group, who sat watching his fingers with breathless attention. He had evidently come to a point in his narrative. " Now what did I see in his face when he looked at met Why, the same look that I missed in the face of tliis young man when Jinks took him in the mornin.' The very same look tliat I'd seen in a many faces, and never know'd it differ—come one way or another, always bein' tlie same look at bottom —the look of a man as is tliinking of what will hang liim and thinking that lie's found out. But as you can't give looks in as evidence, this wasn't no good in a practical way ; but I gays to myself, if ever there was anything certain in this world since it was begun, I've come across the light un: so I sits down and takus up a newspaper. I signified to him that I was dumb, and he took it for granted that I was deaf as well—which was one of those stupid mistakes your clever chaps some times fall into—so he went on a-talkin' to the girl agen. "Well, it was a old'story enough, what bun and the givl was a-talkin' of; but every won! he said made liim out ft more coldblooded villian than the last. ' " Presently he offered her some monoy— four sovereigns. .She served him as he ought to liave been served, and threw them every one slap in liis face. One cut him over the eye, and I was glad of it. 4 You're > marked my man,' thinks I, 'and ftotliiu' could bo handier agen I want you.' He picked i up liree of tho sovereigns, but foMliffigould do he couldn't find the fourtLa^) 'IKphad tlie cut (which was fe jolly de||ffljJ tiUwferod up, and he went away. fehelSSTOd at the river uncommon hard,' and than she went away. Now I did'nttmich like the look she gave the tt\^, SomThnd fdiout half an liowto ^Mr^ - before thoitmi»\ «tWted, I followed' hbr.njj 1 think she knew it; for presently she started off liVto a little street, aud when"! turned into it after Jier she wasnt to to seen right or left. , , . <" Well, I liad but half an hour, so I thought ! it was no use chasm' this unfortunate young creature through all tho twistuigs au^ turnings of the back slumsrfif Slopperton ; so after a few minutes consideration, I walked straight to the station, ltulig nu> If T wasn't toolate for tlie ttaiu agaiu. 1 don't know how it was, but I couldn't keep my mind off, the, young ^ woman, nor keep myself from 'wdnderih' what she was goin' to 1 do with herself, and what she ; was goin' to do with that 'ere baby. So! walks back agon down by tho water, and an I'd a good hour and a half to spare, I walks a good way, thinking of the young man, and tho cut on liis forehead. It was nigh upon dark by tliis time, and foggy into the bargain. Maybe I'd gone a mile or more, when I comeB up to a barge what lay at anchor quite solitary. It was a collier, and there was a chap on board, sittin' in the steru, smokin', and lookin' at the water. There was no oue else in sight but him and me} and no sooner does he spy me comin' along the bank than he sings out, "' HuUoa! Have you met a 3'oung woman down tliat way i' « His words struck me all of a heap somehow, comin* so near upon wliat I was-thinkin' of myself. I shook my head; and he said, " < There's lieen some unfortunate young girt down here tryin' to dround her baby. 1 see the little chap in the water, and fished liim out with my boat-hook. I'd seen the girl hangin' about here, just as it was a-gettin' dark, and then I heard the splash when slio throw tlie child in; but the fog was too thick for me to see anything ashore by that time.' "The liarque was just alongside the bank, and I stepped on board. Not bein' so fortunate as to have a voice, you know, it comes awkward with strangers, and I was rather put to it to get on with tlie young man. And didn't he sing out loud when ho came to understand I was dumb ; he couldn't liave spoke in a higher key if Fd been a forriner. " He told me he should take the baby round to the Union; all he hoped he said, was tliat the mother wasn't agoin* to do anything bad with herself. " I hoped not too; but I remembered that look of hers when she stood at the window staring out at the river, and I didn't feel very easy in my mind about her. " I took the poor little wet thing up in my arms. The young man had wrapped it in an old jacket, and it was a-cryin' piteous, aud lookin', oil, so scared and miserable. " Well, it may seem a queer whim, but Fin rather soft-hearted on tlie subject of babies, aud often liad a thought that I should like to tiy tlie power of cultivation iu the way'of business, and bring up a child from the very cradle to the police- detectivc line, to see whether I couldn't make tliat 'ere child a zealous and bright ornament to the force. I wasn't a marryin* man, and by no means likely ever to 'av a family of my own ; so when 1 took up that 'ere baby in my anus, somehow or other tho thought came into my '(id of adoptiu' him, and bringin' of him up. So I rolled him up in my great coat, and took liim with me to Gardenfoid." " And a wonderful boy he is," said Richard "we'll educate him, Peters, aud make a gentleman of him." " Wait a bit," said the fingers veiy quickly; "thank you kindly, sir; but if the police f »rco of this 'ere country was robbed of that 'ere boy, it would be robbed of a gem as it couldn't afford to lose." " Go on, Peters; tell them the rest of your story." " Well, though I felt in my own mind tliat by one of those strange chances which does happen in life, maybe, as often as they happen in storybooks, I had fallen across the inan . who had committed the' murder, yet for all that I hadn't evidence enough to get a lioarin'. I got transferred from Gardenford to Slopper- , ton, and every leisure minute I liad I-tried to come across tho man I'd marked ; but nowhere could I see liim, or hear of anyone answering his description. I went to the churches; for I thought hUn capable of anything, even to sliammin* pious. I went to . the theayter, and I see a young woman accused of poisonin' a family, and proved innocent by a police cove as didn't know liis business any itiore than a fly. I wont anywhere end every- > where, but I never seo that' man; and it was. g^ttin'uncommon near the trial of tliis young gent, and nothin'donoi How waslic to bo .. saved ? I thought of' it by night and thought i ofitbyday; but work 1 it out I couldn't no . how. One day I hears of an 1 ! old friend of the pris'noi's being sup-b6ned-aed as a witness for the crown. This friend I detennined to •< see ; for two 'eds"^ >•> , ' , . T Mr Peters looked round, as though he ; . defied contradiction—''Shallho better thani . <mb." ! > " ; - ' •. - •.- -•• / "'And tliii'friend," said <M,"wis your liumlilc seivaiit; who, was only too glad 1 to , fuul thut poorDiclc liad onefiinoere friend in tlio world wlio belicvod ill liis iiiiioconcc, besides myself." ) ; Well, Miv.Darley and me," resumed Mr. Peters, " put our ,eds together, and we came : i to this conclusion, that if tins young gent was •tiiad wli&i; he coimnitted the murder, they cduldh't Hatig liim, but vduld shut him in au , asylum for tjic rest of Ilis nat'ral life—which wayji't bepleasantin the liabstract, but which <ifl better fehiui liaugui', any day." " So you determined on proving we mad," said Richard. " We hadn't eucli very bad grounds to go Upon, pi>rliaps, old fellow," implied Mr. Darley; '• that brain fever, which we thought such a misfortune when it laid you up for three , dreary weeks, stood us in good etead; we had something to go upon, for w& knew we could get you off-by no other means. But to get you off this way wc wanted your assistance, and we didn't liit upon the plan till it was too late to get at you and tell you our scheme ; we didn't hit upon it till twelve o'clock on the Hight before your trial We tried to see your counsel; but bo had that morning left the town, and wasn't to return till the trial came ou. Peters liuug about the court all the morning, but couldn't see him; and nothing was done when the judge and jury took their scats. You know the rest; how Peters caught your eye—" " Yes," said Dick " and how seven letters upon his fingers told me the whole scheme, and gave me my cue; those letters formed these two words,' Sham mail.'" '" And very well you did it at the short notice, J)ick,"said Gus, upon my word, for the moment I was almost staggered, and thought, suppose in getting up this dodge we are only hitting upon the truth, and the poor fellow really has been driven out of his wits by this frightful accusation ?" " A scrap of paper," said Mr. Peters on his active fingers, " gave the hint to your counsel — sharp chap enough, though a young un." " I can afford to reward him now for his exertions," said Richard," and I must find him for tliat purpose. But Peters for heaven's sake tell us about this young man whom you suspect to be the murderer. If 1 go to the end of the world in search of him, I'll find him, and drag him and his villany to light, that my name may be cleared from the fold stain it wears." Mr. Peters looked very grave. " You must go a little further than the end of tliis world to fiud him, Fm afraid, sir," said the fingers. "What do you say to lookiug for him in the next! for that's the station he'd started for when I last saw lurn; and £ believe on that line, with the exception of now aud then a cock-and-bull-lane ghost, they don't givo no return tickets." "Dead!" said Richard. "Dead, aud escaped from justice ?" " That's about the size of it, sir," replied Mr. Peters. " Whether lie thought as how something was up, aud he was blown, or whether lie was riled past bearin' at findin' no money in that 'ere cabinet, I can't take upon myself to say; but I found him six months after the murder out upon a heath, dead, with a laudanum-bottle a-lying by his side." " And did you ever find out who he was ?" asked Gus. " He was a usher, sir, at a 'cadeniy for young gents, and a very pious young man he was too, Fve heard; but for all tliat IN- murdered this young gent's uncle, or my name isn't Peter's." " Beyond the reach of justice," said Richard; " then the truth can never be brought to light, and to the end of my days I must bear the stigma of a crime of which I am innocent." END OP HOOK THIS lOUimi. David Cox was very particular about the quality of the paper he worked on. There was a certain Scotch variety he loved heartily. The paper was very thick and white, with here and there little black or brown specks. In the landscape part these specks were of no consequence, but they looked out of place in the sky. On one occasion, being asked what lie did to "get lid of them, he replied, " Oh, I just put wings to them, and then they fly away as buds." Two Irishmen on a sultry night took refuge under the bedclothes from a party of mosquitoes. At last one of them, gasping from heat, ventured to peep beyond the bulwarks, pd espied a fire-fly which had strayed into 'the room. Arousing his companion with a punch, he said, "Fergus, Fergus, it's no use. Ye might as well come out. Here's one of the ciaythers searching for us wid a lantern t" > In a Paris newspaper two paragraphs which pita! de la Charitc.' Orders have been issued by the authorities for the immediate extension of the Cemetery of Mount Pamass, and the works arc being executed with the utmost dispatch." When a man has trouble he takes to think, but when a woman meets with a misfortune, she merely goes over to her mother's iuid takes tea. 