!r'- '; Jo tlie Editor of the GhvreJi of England Messenqer. k sir— iwo communications appeared in your last 'issue, on which I shall feel obliged. by your permitting me' to make:a few remarks: i.fll. .Thefirst is one containing an extract frpm the October number ? pfrfthe Edinburgh JRevieiv, which commences with the question, ''l^. y should Christian churchmen 'think it necessary to burden their cause and to. ham per every movement of their strategy by under taking the perfectly gratuitous task of making Gentile Christianity responsible for the whole of the Old Testament Scriptures ? ' .t:xuia tu-^unsuan. enurenmen' tnat this question is addressed; audit may be well in replying to it to bear in mind the twofold character which is thus ascribed to us. As Christians we are bound by:certain obligations imposed upon us by our Lord and His apostles, and as Churchmen by certain obligations imposed by our church I fflgEP t0. show that- at least as regards the point in question, these obligations are identical. _ And first, let us inquire what is the obligation which our church ?,mposes upon us with reference to Holy Scripture. Her sixth Article contains a list of those ' Canonical Books of the Old and New Testament, of whose authority was never any doubt in the church ' This ought to be sufficient to satisfy any candid mind that the Church of England makes herself responsible for the whole of those Scriptures which we find in our Bibles. It has, however been decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, that the sixth- Article does not pronounce the Bible to be the Word of God but only asserts that it contains that Word. By this decision every man is left to judge for himself how much of the Bible he will accept and how much he will reject. But there is another Article Which was strangely overlooked by the Judicial Committee, and which, had it been taken into consideration, must have led to a very different decision. ;! The eighth Article notorily states1 that the three creeds are to belreceived and believed, but; also ogives the, reason why we are;to receive and believe: them,* viz.;: ?'.because -they, may be proved by most' certain warrants of ;Hply^Soriplurel''.::Npw., any person capable of . following the ' simplest' ' argument, must' \ perceive that the 'reason here given is an enthymeme, and that the suppressed premise' is;' all things that rriay.be proved by most' certain warrants of noly Scripture are to be believed.' It is because all things capable of 'being proved by Scripture are' to be believed, and because the three creeds are capable of being so proved, that every church man is bound to receive those creeds, and he is equally bound to receive everything else that can be proved by the same warrant. The articles of the Church of England make no distinction between the authority of the Old Testament and that of the New. Every faithful member of , that Church is therefore bound to acknowledge and maintain the divine authority of both Testaments. But as Christians we have imposed upon us an obligation even more binding than that which our Church imposes. It was our boast, prior to the lamentable decision of Lord Westbury and his Committee, that the church to which we belong was a Scriptural church. That decision has, in great measure, 'deprived us of the right to make that boast ; but although the serpentine subtlety of lawyers has succeeded in making it appear that the Church of England does not hold that the Bible is the Word of God, or that everything which it teaches is to be believed, still, as Christians, we are bound to follow the teaching of our Lord and his Apostles, and there is no ambiguity in that teaching. Our Lord constantly refers to, the Old Testament as testifying .'of him (John v. 39), as inspired by the Holy Ghost (Mark xii. 36), as containing the rule of life (Luke x. 2&). It was of the Old Testament that Paul spoke wtien he said (2 Tim. iii. 16-17) — 'All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and- is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect, throughly , furnished unto all good works.' '' '* , - To the interrogator in the- 'Edinburgh Beviem,' I would therefore reply) that Christian churchmen do not 'make 'themselves1 respon sible for. the whole of the Old Testament Scriptures,' -but that they are ? made responsible for them by the sixth, seventh, and eighth Articles of their church ; and that if, as churchmen, they were to submit 'to ( the misinterpretation 'of the i' Articles by Lord West b'ury and his colleagues, they would still be- bound, as Christians, to yield the same authority to the Old Testament which was ascribed to it by our Lord and His Apostles ; and I will add that, so long as they acknowledge the authority of the Scriptures of'the(l'Old Testament in those matters only for which St. Paul declares theni to be profitable, and refrain from calling in their authority for the solution of questions which they never intended to solve, they will not find that they 'either burden their cause,' or ''hamper the movements of their strategy,' by maintaining that authority, but will, on' the contrary, find, not only that those Scriptures do, by the fulfilment of the prophecies which they contain, afford a secure basis for the Christian faith, but that they are invaluable also on account of the light which they throw upon the teaching of the New Testament. 2\. 'The second communication on which I ask you to allow me to make a few remarks, is one signed 'Olerus.' That writer says, ' There are four, perhaps five,- texts in the New Testament which appear to teach, as clearly as language can express it, the ultimate restoration of all mankind 'at the last to God's love and favour.'' And again, ' There is a startling and overwhelming number oE texts in the sacred Scriptures, which teach in language which cannot be mistaken, and in every form and variety of expression, that the wicked .... after suffering in Hell the punishment righteously duo to .their sins, shall surely ? die,' be ' destroyed,' shall ' perish. ' Now I must confess that I am at a loss to understand the state in which the mind of ' Clerus ' must have been when he penned those two sentence's of his letter which I have placed in juxta-position. Does he mean to assert that there are irreconcilable differences, nay, absolute contradictions, between what is taught in one part of God's Word, and what is taught in another part ? Docs he 'conceive that the faiLh of your readers will be strengthened by. bringing forward such discrepancies, without making any attempt to explain them? If ho will only point out plainly which are the passages of Scripture which he supposes to contradict each other, I have no doubt that lie will 'find many who will be able to show him the means of recon ciling them.1 'v v .'!'?_ ? .-,:.;;; j , As regards the number of texts, 'four,-' perhaps, five,' which ', Clerus' speaks of as teaching the ultimate .restoration .of; alj. mankind, I would beg to point out to him,, that all the texts which arc 'commonly : adduced in support of the Anglican doctriiie' of Universal Eedemption, are capable of being so quoted as'to add 'great weight to those four or five of which he speaks. And . in (conclusion I would tell; him .that, there, are some who hold the doctrine., of Universal Eestoration, who are very far from believing that a man's ' natural death, while putting an end to his misery, will result in ah I eternal life of peace, rest, and joy ;' in proof of which assertion I I beg permission to quote a passage from a recent publication of my I own on the subject. ' Let all who arc tempted to engage in any j sinful course, recollect what is said in the parable of Lazarus and I Dives, ( He lifted up his eyes being in torment ;' that was eighteen I hundred years ago, and his torment still continues, and will continue I to the end of this world and to the end also of the world to come, I or the kingdom of Christ and His saints, the duration of which is I altogether uncertain. It will certainly not be less than one thousand I years, it is not improbable that it may last for 365,000 years, nor is § it certain that it will terminate even then. Call it. even the shortest I of these periods, one thousand years. Surely the man who will not | be deterred from sin by the prospect of being in torment for a 1 thousand years, would not be deterred by the dread even of an I endless hell.' — I have' the honour to be, sir, your obedient servant, I February 24th, 1874. ' BARCROFT Boakb, D.D. I 