Miscellaneous. THE GHOST THAT JIM SAW. B» BKBT HABTI. "Why, M to that," anid tbe engineer, " Ghosts ain't things we are apt to fear, Spirit! don't foul with levers much, And tbrottle-Tcirea don't lake to each; And aa for Jim What htppened to bim Wat one half fact and t'other half whlml " Banning one night on tbe Hoe, he saw A bouie->a plain aa the moral law Just ai tbe mbonlit bank, and tbence Came a drunken man with no more hibi Tl)an to drop on the rail. Flat aa a flail, At Jim drote by with the midnight mail. "Down went the patents. Steam reversed. Too latel for then same a 'thud.' Jim enraed. Ai MS fireman then in tbe cab with him, Kinder etarted in the face of Jim. And saya, 'What nowt' Bay* Jim, 'What now! I've juat run over a man-tbat'a howl' "The fireman stared at Jim. Tbejr ran Back, but they oerer found bouse nor man Nary a shadow within a mile. Jim turned pale, but be tried to amile Tban on be tore, Tea mile or more. In quicker time than he'd made afore. "Would yon believe III-the <rery nest olfht Up rose that hoese in tbe moonlight white; Oat eomee the chap and drop* as before. Down goes tbe brakei, and the relt encore And «o, ID fsot, Each night that aot Occurred, till folka thought Jim was cracked. "Homphl Let me aee; It'a a year now, moat, Tbat I met Jim, Mat, and laya, 'Uow'e your glioatf' 'Gone,' aaya Jim, 'and more, It'a plain Ibat ghost don't trouble me again; I thought I shook That ghost when I took A place on an Eastern line bnt looks ."What ihottld I meat the flnt trip out, Bat that very boon th»t we talked (boat, And that Mil-tame nul' Well," *171 I, 'I SDSBI me to (top thti yer foollahnea*.' So I crammed on ateam Wbei ttun came . eeieam From mj fireman-and It brake my 1mm ." You're killed eomebodyl' Baya I, 'Hot mnohi I'tb been thar often and tbar ain't no tnch, And now I'll prove it' Baok we ran. And-darn my skid-but tbar wai . man On the rail, dead, Smaabed In tbe head Sow 1 cull tbat meanneaaf Tbat'a atl Jim eaid. A Missiuippi paper wonts a new editor. The last one went oat with a revolver to uphold an editorial, and he retnmed in a wheelbarrow with a blanket over him. A STOBT TEAT Woh't Wash.-An Indian named Squatting Bear went into Omaha, the other day, and while he was in a condition of vinous thought fulness somebody induced him logo in and take a Turkish bath. The next day he went home. As he approached the camp a squad of Indians rushed at him, and began to shoot arrows into him, and to hack him with their toma hawks. He yelled for them to stop, and asked them what they meant by treating him in that manner. He de clared that he was Squatting Bear. They received the statement with deri sion. They took him away and killed him. It was the first wash he had since 1827. IF ever there were a good excuse for not getting out a paper in time, it ii that offered by the Panama Star and Herald. The editor says that the Government troops were keeping up a continuous fire on the door of his sit ting-room, and half a dozen shots did not vary three feet in sinking. "To this annoyance," he says, "we must attribute our delay in getting out this edition, for it was difficult to persuade men to work under a steady and dan serous fire." THOSE PRINTERS AGAIN!-A poet who wrote a flaming poem on martyr dom, in which occurred the line vBee the pal# martyr in hi« sheet of 6re," was cut to the heart when he saw it come out in the village paper "Bee the Ull marlyr with bit shirt on fire." M. Guizot, now in his eighty- eighth year, said recently: "Last year I finished my history of France, end this, please God, will see me commence my Universal History. I come of a hardy race. I hear well, see well, and work well. Pius IX. can do the same. We are the hardiest old men in Europe, land will outlive many who are yet I young, if God please." A YOUNG bachelor, who bad been appointed sheriff, was called upon to serve an attachment against a beautiful widow. He accordingly called upon her, and said, "Madam, I have as attachment for yon." The widow blushed, and said that his attachment was reciprocated. "Yon don't under stand me; you most proceed to court" "I know it is leap-year, Sir, but I ? refer you to do the courting." "Mrs. 1 , this is no time for trifling; the justice is waiting. The justice! £ prefer a parson." A Georgia negro, who bet ten dol lars that General Washington com manded at Bull Bun, handed the money over with the remark: "Well, dig yere hist'ry business is all mixed op any way!' The following colloquy took place between Counselor Sealingwax and a witness who "would talk back." "Do I understand you to say, sir, tbat the prisoner is a thief?" "Yes, sir; 'cause why, she confessed she was." "And you also an ear she worked for you after this confession?" "Yea, nr." "Then we understand that yon employ dishonest people to work for you, even after their rascalities are confessed to you?" "Of course, bow else would I get assistance from a lawyer?" A few dayB since a buxom woman brought to the register of wills a will made by her husband, and which she desired to file for probate. "When did he diet inquired the sympathetic clerk to whom the document was handed. "Why Megs you," responded the woman, "he ain't dead yet, but he gave me that (point to the will), and I guess," continued she with a laugh, "he'll play it out in about three months. The officer had no more to say, and quietly filed away the will. WHEKB POSTED NEWSPAPERS OO TO. -We have received aevera! complaints lately that numbers of the Northern Miner have not been received. Per hapi the Postmaster-Genera! might inquire whether the practice Indulged in by some bush postmasters of boiling their billies with newspapers has crept into the Brisbane post-office. This if it can be established will add one mora to the already lengthy chain of North ern Grievances. It is the old story, robbing the North to keep the pot boiling in the South.-Northern Miner. A PROLIFIC COW.-Mr. W. French, of PrioeVbridge, Tylden, hu aome thing like a prolific coir. The Kyneton Observer states that in July last year, although only twelve yeari old, the had at that date given birth to no leas than twenty-one c&lvet.; In 1864, when eighteen month* old, she had one calf: in 1665, two calve* at one calv ing; in 1866, one calf; in 1867, four calve* at one calving; in 1868, two calves at one calving; in 1869, three calves at one birth; in 1871, two mora at a birth, and in 1872, one more. On Tuesday last the cow gave birth to three more calves-making in all twenty- four. The Mansion House Fond for the relief of the sufferers through the famine in Bengal now amounts to £73,000. The whole or the army will, In a few weeks, be armed with the Martini Henry rifle. It U currently reported that, during Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh will visit Ireland, as the guests of (he Duke and Duchess of Abercorn. At the London and International Exhibition of 1874,25,000 samples of all the Portugese wines will be ex hibited. NUOQEI IN A GARDEN-On Satur day, a Mrs. Maher, an aged widow lady, residing near the Union Jack drapery mart, Golden Point, Ballarat, had occasion to throw some water on her garden, which bad the effect of uncovering a nice nugget of gold weighing over 7 ozs. the ensuing summer, their Piloted as » Supplement to (be Examiner and Times, by RICBIUD Apri.KBr CUWTON and SAMUEL IUWIK, Palmerin Btrcet, Warwick. 