CHAPTER XII.-A CURIOUS CONVERSATION. We each had another cup of tea, and were silent for awhile. "We must not talk of ghosts now. You are a superstitious little woman, you know, and you sha'n't be frightened." And now Cousin Monica grew silent again, and looking briskly round tho room, like a lady in search of a subject, her eyes rested on a small oval portrait, graceful, brightly tinted, in the French stylo, representing a pretty little boy, with rich golden hair, large soft eyes, delicate features, and a shy, peculiar expression. " lt is odd ; I think I remember that pretty little sketch, very long ago. I think I was then ' myself a child, but that is a much older style of dross and of wearing the hair, too, than I over saw. I am just forty-nine now. Oil dear, yes ; that is a good while before I was born. What a strange, pretty little boy-a mysterious little follow. Is ho quite sincere, I wonder ? What rich golden hair ! lt is very clever-a French artist, I dare say-and who is that little boy ?" " I never heard. Some one a hundred years ago, I dare say. But there is a picture down stairs I am so anxious to ask you about." " Oh !" murmurod Lady Knollys, still gazing dreamily e>n the crayon. " It is' the full-length picture of Uncle Silas-I want to ask you about him." At mention of his name my cousin gave mo a look so sudden and odd as to amount almost to a start. " Your Uncle Silas, dear? It is very odd, I was just thinking of him ;" aud she lnughed a little. " Wondering whether that little {boy could be he." And up jumped active Cousin Monica, with a candle in her hand, upon a chair, and scrutinized the border of the sketch for a name or a date. " Maybe on the back ?" said she. And so she unhung it, and there, true enough, not on the back of the drawing, but of the frame, which was just as good, in pen and ink round Italinn letters, hardly distinguishable now from tho discoloured wood, we traced " Silas Aylmer liullnpi, Aitate viii. Iß May .1779." " It is vory odd I should not havo been told or remembered who it was. I think if I had ever benn told 1 should have remembered it. I do re collect this picture, though, I am nearly certain, What a singular child's face !" And my cousin leaned over it with a candle oh eacli side, and lier hand shading her oyes, as if seeking by aid of those fair and half-formed .linea ments to read tm enigma. Tho childish features dolled her, I suppose ; their secret was unfathomable, for after a good while she raised her head, still looking at the portrait, and sighed. "A very singular face," she said, softly, ns a person might who was looking into a coffin. " Had not we better replace it ?" So tho pretty oval, containing the fair golden hair and large eyes, the pale, unfathomable sphinx, remounted to its nail, and the funesto and beauti ful child seemed to smile down oracularly on our ' conjectures. " So is the face in the large portrait-very singu lar-more, I think, than that-handsomer too. 'This is a sickly child, I think ; but thc full length is so manly, though so slender, and so handsome too. I always think him a hero and a mystery, and they won't tell me about him, and I can only drenm and wonder." " He has made move people than you dream and wonder, my dear Maud. I don't know what to make of him. Ho is a sort of idol, you know, of your father's and ; yet I don't think he helps him much, Ilia abilities wero singular ; so has been his misfortune; for the rest, my dear, ho is neither a hero nor a wonder. So far as I know, there aro very few sublime men going about the world." " You really must tell me ail you know about him, Cousin Monica. Wow don't refuse." "But why should you care to hear? There is really nothing pleasant to tell." "That is just the reason I wish it. If it were at all pleasant it would be quito commonplace. 1 like to hear of adventures, clangers, and misfor tunes, and above all, I love a mystery. You know, papa will never tell me, and I dare not ask him ; not that he is ever unkind, but, somehow, I am afraid ; and neither Mrs. Busk nor Mary Quince will tell me anything, although I suspect they know a good deal. "I don't see any good in telling you, dear, nor to say the truth, any great harm either!" "iio-now that's quite truo-no harm. There can't be, for I must know it all some day, you, know, and better now, and from you, than perhaps from a stranger, and in a less favo livable way." "Upon my word, it is a wise little woman ; and really that's not such bad sense after all." So we poured out another cup of tea each, and sipped it very comfortably by tho fire, while Lady Knollys talked on, and her animated face helped the strange story. "It is not very much, after all. Your Uncle Silas, you know, is living ?" " Oh, yes, in Derbyshire." "So I seo you do know something of him, sly girl; but no matter. You know how very rich your father is ; but Silas was the younger brother, and had a little more than a thousand a year. If lie had not played, and did not care to many, it would have been quito enough-ever so much more than younger sons of dukes often have; but he was-well, a mauvais sujet-you know what that is. I don't want to say' any ill of him-more than I really know-but he was fond of his pleasures, I suppose, like other young men, and he played, and was always losing, and your father for a long time paid great sums for him. I believe he was really a most expensive and vicious young man ; and I fancy he does not deny that now, for they say he would change the past if he could." I was looking at the pensive little boy in the oval frame-aged eight years-who was, a few springs later, "a most expensive and vicious young man," and was now a suffering and outcast old one, and wondering from what a small seed the hemlock or the wallflower grows, and how microscopic aro the beginnings of the kingdom of God or of the mystery of iniquity in a human being's heart. "Austin-your papa-was very kind to him very; but then, you know, he's an oddity, dear ho is an oddity, though no one may have told you before-and ho never forgave him for Iiis marriage. Your father, I suppose, knew more about the lady than I did-I was young then-but there wore various reports, none of them pleasant, and she was not visited, and for some time there was a complete estrangement between your father and your Uncle Silas; and it was made up, rather oddly, on the very occasion which some people said ought to have totally separated them. Did you ever hear anything-anything very remark able- about your uncle ?" " No, never ; they would novell me, though I . am sure they know. Pray go on." "Well, Maud, as I have begun, I'll complete tho story, though perhaps it might have been better untold. It was something rather shocking -indeed, very shocking ! in fact, they insisted on suspecting him of having committed a murder." I started at my cousin for some time, and then at the little boy, so refined, so beautiful, so funeste, in the oval|fraine. "Yes, dear," said she, [her eyes following mine ; " who'd haye supposed lie eould ever have-have fallen under so horrible a suspicion ?" "The wretches! Of course, Uncle Silas-of course, he's innocent ?" I said at last. "Of course, my dear," said Cousin Monica, with an odd look; "but you know there are some things as bad almost to bo suspected of as to have dono, and the country gentlemen chose to suspect lum'. They did not like him, you see. His politics vexed them ; and he resented their treatment of his wife-though I really think, poor Silas, he did not care a pin about her-and he annoyed them whenever ho could. Your papa, you know, is very proud of his family-he never had tho slightest suspicion of your uncle." ' I " Oh, no !" I cried.vehemently, "That's right, Maud Ituthyn," said Cousin Monica, with a sad little smile and a nod. " And your papa was, you may suppose, very angry." " Of course he was," I exclaimed. "You have no idea, my dear, how angry. He directed his attorney to prosecute, by wholesale, all who had said a word affecting your uncle's character. But the lawyers were against it, and then your undo tried to fight his way through it, but the men would not meet him. Ho was quite slurred. Your father went up and saw the Minis ter. Ho wanted to to havo him a Deputy-Lieute nant, or something, in his county. Your papa, you know, had a very great influence with the Government. Beside his county influence he lind two boroughs then. But tho minister was afraid, the feeling was so very strong. Theytoffered him something in tho Colonies, but your father would not hear of it-r,hat would have been a banish ment, you know. They would havo given your lather a peerage to malte it up, but he would not accept it, and broke with the party. Except in that way- which, you know, was connected with tho reputation of the family-I don't think, con sidering his great wealth, he has done very much iii i . To Sliy tmtll> kowover, ho was very wooral before his marriage. Old Mrs, Aylmer says he made a vow then that Silas should never haye more than five hundred a-year, which he still allows him, I believe, and he permits him to live in tlie place. But they say it is in a very wild, neglected state." . " You live in the same county-have you seen it lately, Cousin Monica ?" " No, not very lately," said Cousin Monica, and began to hum an air abstractedly. (TO BE CONTINUED.J 