LOTTIiH' GIFT. Laet SatuIntzy w?eek was my birLUndl. .`I w;ts very glad it was Saturday, because we left busiuess at one, and I could spend the afternoon with myi aunt, and Lottio-that's her daughter, anyconbil -at their cottage at Brighton. There had 4never been as much as an insinuation that Saturdaywa marked by any unusual importandae butt I wat perfectly conscious as I went down the -ailway line that afternoon that cousin Lottle needed' no reminder that I was twenty-seven that day. Twelve months before - I remembered it so fdll-? we sat through the gloaming in tfif cosy sittings room, the coal fire brightly burning in the. grate, and casting on the walls CariCtdre-like shadoted of ourselves and the fdrnitura I was" almos: strange to them thon. but I was no stralner now y and I was hoping that t ieetd? n I should succeed in mustering up egrdg%' t' sy somein. thing to my cousin which would feqarreo iu nswer. And so we sat this Saturday .afternoof through the deepening twilight,-I wrapped in' tfought, she in a Woollen lad,L I- didn't know very well where to commence, but t-reminded her. that I was getting old-twenty seven that day. Who'd have thought that it was thirteen mnthles since f had first visited them, .when they cameb t live at Briehton, and so forth. Imeant.tojiavi 4omn 6 ron ilto the popping crease, after this littld preliminary, and wae just about to do en, ilen /, heard my consin's soft voice say " Algy''-that' the familiar way my friends have of rendering " Algernon." the name with which my gudl-parents investedl me. "Algy," asid she. * Y.o.," I replied, wanting but net daring to affix " dear," or something of that kind. " 1 anr going to makd you a birthday present, and it's something I valut very much. Guess what it is 1" said my cousind I wanted over so much to say her i heart," or "hand,"-or something pretty in that line t but it struck me it w.nld be too abrupt, atd besided I was expecting that the housemaid would be lfa to lay the tea things every minute, and I bore i vivid remembrance of having when a boy per' petratel the mistake of making diemonstrativd love without first assuring myself that Intruders were an impossibility. Consequently, I could only murmur that I was sure it would be something nice if she liked it, Visions of prettily worked carpet aslippers, smoking cape, shaving books, and so on, crowded into myimind, but they disappeared like Hamlet's ghost at the cock-crowing when she whispered-" I'nm going to give you Sapphe." I started visibly. Sappho was the little abomination that waged perpetual wtr with my nether gar monts-that was always in betdeen one's feetM putting in his doofodided bark adil requiring yod to yell just when you warnted t" whisper. If shd had said she was going to give nite a String of onions, or an Boeving Iferie, or a bottle of Bailey's hair vigour, or a box of Bldckbtt's pill&, t could have survived it-beut sdi plidt'sMeroiful heavens I what could I do wilt the whitieled little abortion? And there was Lottie itti n itti the twilight with the tears almost in her eyes-d -was L She was making a great saMrifice, sid thought; and to appear unapprecintive would have been cruel on my part. Still, I was resolved to make an effort to get out of it; so I ventured to suggest that I would rather, not cause her such a deprivation, for I knew how she valued her pet But she wouldn't hear of it, She knew sheshould miss the "little darling," but she had made up her mind ever do long ago to give her to me, and shbe knew I would be so kind to her that it wasn't like giving the little pet to anybody else. I tried to effect a compromise by offering to take the cat-a yellow monstrosity-instead. iBut no-the do4 was to be mine; and I was to take lhim iten went back to townon.Mondaymorning. All that night I was miserable-I dreamt Sappho -was eternally yelping in my ears, and biting my legs.' In church on Sunday, .the old parson's white -hPa-. reminded me of Sappho'alhaggy coat. - At home, Sappho was taken up soderal times to be caresatd by her aorrowing mistreso Ai d I was sympatbei.. cally told that when I was In that cold distant Williamstown, amongst the fair onca Who "groi in beauty aide by side" with the fith astid impetd; which foreigners think are to be found herd galore, Sappho would remind me of my ftpie over the water. It rained on Monday morning, and I thought I should get out of taking my preseit with me ; but Lottie was persistent, so I had to yield, although I protested the dog would naver willingly accompany me. I held a piece of sareiag which was fastened to Sappho's collar. Lettoe walked in front down to the garden gate, and the dog followed her as a matter of course, so dd IT doggedly. She asserted that she weold go delight: fully, and then as it was raining, shookhande, and bolted back to the house. The dog wanted to 4q back too. I dragged her along slightly vicionely for perhaps fifty yards,-the little brute with hei paws propped out, her head almost coming off and her eyes threatening to jump out of their soeketa: - There was the train at the station, and I had a quarter of a mile to go in three minutes. I caught my charge up in my hand, and ran for it. As I dashed onto the station, the Lottie's "&let;" yelled lustily,-the porter refused to let me into" thii carriage without a dog's ticket, which I omitted to get, and while I was going back to the ticket office for the required check, the whistle sounded and off went the train, Sappho yelping, and I regretting. I had plenty of time for the next train. WhenIgotinto town,Iwastired of carrying the dog, so I put her down, and was renewing the dragging business. Every now and then some. body's legs would get tangled in the rope, and there would be a yelp and a scuffle, and a little abuse. I gotthoe dog in front of me for a time as i paseed down Collinstreet towarde the office" A thumping Newfoundland in the rear espied my charge, and unseen made a playful run at Lottie's pet-now a ver dirty little quadruped. My legs being in the way the Newfoundland carried thenl away, and I came to griefr, and off went Sapphd. With considerable ieas of dignity and eo?lspsiiria and a little skin, I resumed the perpendicular, asd after a smart chase succeeded in again getting hold ofthecord. At 11.30-I should have been there' at 9.20-1I reached the offico; clothes soiled, tem per ruffled, and the bearer of the miost dilapidated specimen of the canino fanlmy eter witfn~ed Even the "chief" roared db my discotnfitur, and when I looked in the hid mirror kindly held up to me by one of nimy fellow-;?lerkLS,; and saw myself, and the bedraggled, shaky, whining liid critter I had hold of, I couldn't help liughing.to. While the " chief" was out of the office, Sapp1d jumped into his chair, and it was etident.ahd wasn't quite dry when sho did so, for a ~sot Irace mg of the dog's paws Iere convoyed to the man iger's lits wiMen he sat dowin again. When I got SEppho hoine, the hbnseieeper assured mu abe tould not get the' nciatted locks clean. f the long hair which used to adorni the "pet's" back was sheared, and her appearance has hbn manifestly alterod thereby. For Lottie'sake I was afraid to lose the dog, aid for my own I would rather not keep it. Hence, a dilemma. I ten days I hard paid Is in roawded i Burnr poems 'sre ripped to piecca; the drawing room curtains amre in tatters, some of my choicest pot plants have hem hope. Iesely destroyed,--and a ths i all to be credited to Sappbo, I have every reason to remember-J LoerTZ's Gino I EeclV Vihiaimaton* jeno'33 