THE .yOIOE. IN THE NATIVE OAK. . Twolvo years acó, when I could face High Heaven's domo with different even ? In days full-flowered with hours of graco, . And nights not sad with sighs I shaped a song in which I strove To shadow forth thy strain of woe, Dark, widowed stater of the grove,- r Twelve wasted years ugo. But Youth wa» then .too young to find Thoso high, authetitio syllables "Whose voico.i» liko the wintering wind ' . By BunlosB mountain fells ; NOT had I sinned and suffered thon ?. To that superlativo dogroe That I should rather Beek than mon . Wild fellowship with thee. , But ho -who hears, thi« autumn day, i ? . ? ? Thy moro than deep, autumnal rhyme, le one whose hair was shot with grey ' By Grief instead of Time. !' Ho lias no need, liko many a bard, . . "So sing imaginary pain, BeeauBo ho hears, ana finds it hard, The punishment of Cain. Ko more he sees tho affluence . < Which mokoB tho heart of Nature glad ; ; \- .'Sor he hoi lost the fine first senae - / ? Of Beauty that ho had. The old delight God's happy breeze . Was wont to give, to grief hos grown ; .And therefore, Niobo of trees, ? . . His song U-like thine own. t But I who am that perished soul Havo wastad so these powers of mine, : .. That I can novor write that whole, ... Pure, perfect «peech of thine. . .Some lord of worth) august, supreme,. Tho gravo, grand melody demands- , The dark translation of thy thorne i -?. . Iloavo toiothor hands. Yet hero, whoro plovers nightly call '. Across dim melancholy leas- ' Where comes by whistling fen and fall i . The moan of far-off seas -A. groy old Paney of ton aita Beneath thy shade, with tired wings,. . And tilla thy strong, strango rhyme by fita. With awful uttenngs. . Then timos thcro are when all tho words- ,. Are liko tho sentences of one, ?? Shut in by fate from wind and birds,. And licht of fltara and sun ; No dazzling dryad, but a dark, ' Dream-haunted spirit, doomed Who Imprisoned, crampt in bunda of bark, For all'Eternity. Yea, Uko the speech of ono aghast , ' At Immortality in chaina, What timo the lordly storm ridoa past Wiall fiamcB and arrowy rains 1 Soma wan TithonuB of tho wood Whito with immeasurable yeara, An. awful ghost in solitudo "With moaning moor» nr. d mores. And when high thunder »mites the hill, \- And hunts tho wild dog to Ida don, Thy orios, like maledictions, shrill And shriok from glen to clon ! Ai if a frightful memory whipped Thy «oui for somo infernal crimo ? TJhat loft it blasted, blind, and stript, A dread to Death and Time. But when tho fair-haired August dios. And llowurs wax strong and beautiful,. Thy songs aro atatoly hnrmonics > By wood-lights groon and cool. Most like tho voice of ono who shows S Through sufferings fW'.rco, in fine relief», I A noble patience and repose ! A dignity in griof. ' , ! But, ah I conceptions fado away ; v . ' Í Í And »till the lifo that lives in thoo . Tho soul of thy majestic lay Remains a mystory. And ho must npealc tho spoooh divine, Tho lntigungo of tito high-thronod lord*. Who'd give that grund old thence of illino Its senso in ruultlcsa words. By hollow lur.d.-i, and soa-traots harsh With ruin, of tho fourfold galt*. "Wlioro sigha tho nodgo mid sobs wo marah, Still wail thy woury wail. And, your by your, ono step will broak Tho sloop of far hill-foldod utccauiB; And uuolt, if only for thysako, Thy homo of many dtsains. Jims, 1&7L SITDNEV :.. Trini ed und pnblinhcd by SAMTTBr. BICN^-MT, Solu 3Propnctor. nfc tho Emois» 0«c»i Fttt-Btumt, W'iiUïvlBy, »rh Joly. 