VOICE OF THE PULPIT - | This column is entirely supplied by correspondents and every communication we received on Monday mornings upon tbe subject has its place here.] At the Lonsdale street Baptist Church the Rev. John Turner preached in the morning from the words in Acts xx, 28, " Take heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood." The subject was divided under two heads. 1. The admonition as applicable to the church of God generally, as well as the overseers to whom it is addressed. 2. The object directed to view of the overseers. The present day is one when this admonition is much required in consequence of infidelity being so rife, the fallibility of the Word of God, and resources of the creature being set forth without fear or shame. Look at the Press; is it not, in the majority of cases, of infidel sentiment? Are not the principles enunciated usually antagonistic to the truth as it is in Jesus ? Years ago men would have blushed to declare that the Word of God was a failure. Look at professors generally; how mere show and form prevail; the Word of God simply, used as an auxiliary to draw numbers. Thousands who profess to believe the Word of God havo no spiritual understanding. Look at Church of God ; those who know their undone condition, as descendants of Adam. What lukewarmness prevails ; what little attention in observing tho ordinances of God ; how little holy desire manifested to attain that position of liberty and confidence set forth in the Bible as belonging to those that love Him. The spirit of truth gives us a rule for our guidance. "Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way ? By taking heed thereto according to Thy word." At the present juncture it is our special duty to take heed. It behoves parents and others to carefully avoid placing in the way of the young many publications now in circulation on account of the infidel tendencies of the same. The admonition is to feed the Church of God ; certainly very exclusive and distasteful to this nature, but we dare not confer with flesh and blood in these matters. The Church of God consists of those purchased by his blood, moved by the Spirit of God to act in accordance with his word. The living have always the throne of grace accessible to them, always a friend, at court that sticketh closer than a brother, to whom need compels them to go out for guidance and instruction. We do not go out and invite all to come and be fed ; no, such a procedure on our part would be simple mockery, as we know none can receive Christ, but those to whom he has given a special capacity for the same. Some say we make too much of Christ, ah ! they know him not, we can never exalt him too high. All the redeemed shall be taught of the Lord, he will call them in his own time, and raise up and qualify overseers to feed them. At tho Wesleyan ' Church, ,Brunswiok street, on Sunday morning, the Rev. Mr. Dodgson preached from the 4th: 'Hebte ws, 15th verse,, conoprhing the saoerdbtal office of Jcsub : Observing , that ho was both tho altar and the offering; the 'Baorifioo and the high priest ; so that.he was active and tran sitive, doiDg and suffering ; and was not only in two pluoes at onoe, but- was actually engaged in killing himself ; wielding .- the knife and, constituting the victim. He was perfectly human' and perfectly., divine, beipg of the same nature - aB .the Almighty ana as Abraham. He was very God, immortal 'and indestructible ; bo wqs noverthejess ppt to death on the oroas. Being eternal he could not die. Nevertheless, he gave np the ghost on (Jkflvary- Being the (Jreator and Supreme Ruler of ttie universe," if, was . notwit'hstqnd'- ing a solemn fact that He suffored himself to be tried and executed as a 'common male factor,, in order that He might save souls. \- At the Baptist Churoh. Collins street, on Sunday, ovoning, the Rev. Mr. Fletoher preached on the Incident of pbrist walking on the Sea of Galilee, and' .'gave some re- miniscenoes of his own travels in the Holy Land. He gavo his hearers to .understand that the parable described something 'whioh actually took placo ; for although Christ had declared that He came to fulfil the law of nature, not to destroy it, He had sue ponded the law of gravitation and destroyed tbe fluidity of water. Where other men wonld have Bunk, Jeans maintained his equilibrium, and his speclfio gravity for the time being was less than that of tho element on which he walked. At the same time, the preaoher observed, many parsons mis took a spectral for a real Christ, and were praying to and preaching abent a more phantom of thoir own imaginatione. But ho trusted biB hoarors would remain in the vessel of the Churoh'aith, the grand old theology of their fathers," and not venture on the sea like the daring and courageous Peter, beoanse there was always a risk of their getting out of' the wrong side. of the skip. 4tbho Wesleyan Churoh, Lonsda'a Btreet, tbe -Rev. Mr. Sliavi-. preached yesterday mprding from 73rd Psalm 23, 24. The text, he'sald, showed, that God was ever with the Christian, ever near him ; again it showed that He ever bestowed His care upon him ; thirdly, that Hp direoted - him, and lastly reoeivod him into glory. Too often did the Christian forget the fact of God's presence, and. cry to Him in prayer as though He were far away, bolieving in His presence merely , as a blind man believes the light surrounds him. Often, indeed, do we Bock to remind God of our. needs, and those of .others, while we believe that He is with us and oares for nB, And, again, ..though He promised to direot us, do wo not like to listen to other mon, and seek help In them? It not for us to dlroot our steps, much less to diotato a way to or find fault with othoro, as wo are apt to do.' - But, lastly ; Ho has promised to reoeivo us into glory. Heroin lay the hopes of the Christian. Qlory is tho great end which we shall attain to. At present though born again, wo are due lling in sin and misery, but finally according to this promiso we shall enter into glory. Lot us submit ourselves to God truly ; tho paths may look gloomy and zniserabio ; wo puay InnA for a t.imn. hut it will be rlnht iu tho end when we shall gain glory. Mr. Tyorman -dolivored his fifth Iooturo on "The Bible turned inside out," in tho Poly- teohnio, to a crowded nudienao ou Sunday night. He said it was urged that tho pre servation of tho Bible was evidence of its Divine origin ; yet there was nothing in its preservation to warrant suoh a conolusion. True, primitive "Christians wero persecuted, but they, were not oxterminatrd, and they naturally preserved' 'the 'Scriptures, whioh thoy belioved to bq'Divino. ' But since. Chris- tianit'y was proolaiffio'd" 'tb'p' religion ' n(i the, Roman Empire, tho Bible' had everything in 'favor of its -preservation. It might as I reasonably ' he urged that itfie -preservation 1 of. 1 other anoiqnt works was ovidohod of their J Divine authority. ' Again, it was ofton askod how it was that so many people, inoluding I many of tho most eduoated and intellectual of ; mankind belioved the Bible to be tho Word ! of God ? That faot was not diffionlt to ao- I oount for. The masB of the people believed the Blblo as a matter of edugation and habit. As to theolergy,itsadvccaoy was a matter of professional interest with most of them. Prove that it was not tho Word of God, and their oeoupation would be gono. It was a- .mista£a,..jhpjvever4i> to assume that all the edncatianprrrteiItgeD"'-an'd"ihtoll80lw0?etiilr tne side of the Bible. ' - Many of the ripest sqholars and profouhdest thinkers of the age denied that it was more ,tHan an ancient record, composed of true and false statements, and good and bad preaepts." ' The iast'leotufe'.hsd' dealt i;ohiefly with' tho- oontradiotions of- the- Old Teatjament; Mr: Tyerman" would' confine; himself to 'the" eofitradibtibhs of' the1 New; iTostamont in the present leoture. The RbV.' :T)r. Adam Clarke; one of the moBt learned,' LBtblical commentators, was - quoted to prove that the .Bible contained oontradiotlohs whleh could not be 'reconciled. He said tho original . writers woro inspired, bnt sot the copiers ; Hut if the copiors and translators were ' not inspired, what guarantee had we, againBt error and corruption in the text of Soriptnre ? Among the oontradictionB pointpjl out were .that tbe parents of Christ weW said to take him to Egypt till tho death of Herod, while another gospel said they .took him to jernsalem, and tkence to Nazgrath. A person oould not be said to go to Sydney, and Geelong at tho same .time. Passages nsaertod that Christ was equal with God, but others taught his inferiority. Both could not be correot. In one place it. was said that he possessed ' all power; but' in another part it. was recorded 'that he could not do certain thiogs. Matthew and Mark said the two thieves reviled Christ at his crucifixion, while Luke said enly. one of them did it, dud was rebuked by the other for doing it. John said only ono woman entered- Christ's sepulchre, while Mat thew,- says there wero two, and Mark says there were three. Which of these inspired writers was to be believed ? Mark says one angel was seen in the sepnlchre. John says there were two. Both statements could not be oorreot.': One part of Ac ts said that Paul's companions heard the strange voice that spoke at his conversion ; another part sayq. they did not. Paul said wo were justified by faith, while James insisted we were justified by work. Which apostle spoke, the truth? Christ taught the final' perseverance of the saints, while Paul tbey. ; might -fail, and oould not be renewed. The | New Testament taught the resurrection of; : the Body, .but tho Old Testament denied ' it.'' One part taught that the earth would endure for erv or, while other portions affirmed that it would be annihilated. ' Passages verifying these quotations were quoted. If a witness so contradicted himself he would be indicted for perjury. Why should the Bible be exempt from the ordinary rnles of evidence ? 