WONDERFUL—IF TRUE. The Fortnightly Review contains a start ling article on the evidence of Spiritualism, •written by Mr. A. R. Wallace, the naturalist. Mr. Wallace concludes as fol lows :— "The objection will here inevitably be made: * These wonderful things always happen in America. When they occur in England it will be time enough to inquire into them.' Singularly enough, after this article was in the Press, the final test was obtained, which demonstrated the occur rence of similar phenomena in London. A short statement may, therefore, be interest ing for those who cannot digest American evidence. For sonic years a young lady, Miss Florence Cook, has exhibited remark able mediumship, which latterly culminated in the production of an entire female form purporting to be spiritual, and which ap peared barefooted and in white flowing robes while she lay entranced, in dark clothing and sccurely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding that tests of an apparently conclusive character were employed, many visitors, Spiritualists as well as sceptics, got the impression that all was not as it should be; owing in part to the resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also to the fact that the two could not be seen at the time. Some sup posed that Miss C. was an impostor who managed to conceal a white robe about lier (although she' was often searched), and who, although she was securely tied with tapes and sealed, was able to get out of her bauds, dress and undress herself, and get into them strain, all in the dark, and in so complete and skilful a manner, as to defy ; detection. Others thought that the spirit; released her, provided her with a white dress, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that there was something wrong led one gentleman—an ardent' Spiritualist—to seize tha supposed spirit and endeavor to hold it, in the hope that i some other person would open the cabinet j door and see if Miss Cook was really there, j This was, unfortunately, not done; but the great resemblance of the being he seized to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escape from him, convinced this gentleman that it was Miss Cook herself, aithough the rest of the company, a few minutes afterwards, found her bound and sealed just as she had been left an hour before. To determine the ques tion conclusively, experiments have been made within the last few weeirs by two scientific men. Mr. C. 1\ Varley, F.R.S., the eminent electrician, made use of a gal vanic battery aud cable testing apparatus, and passed a current through Miss Cooks body (by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to her arms). The apparatus was so delicate that auy movement whatever was instantly indicated, while it was impossible for the young ladv to dress and act as a ghost without breaking the circuit. Yet under these conditions the spirit-form did appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote, and touched several persons: and this hap pened, be it remembered, not in the medium's own house, but in tlmt of a private gentle man 111 the west end of London. For nearly an hour the circuit was never broken, and at the conclusion Miss Oonk was found in a deep trance. Since this remarkable experi ment Mr. Win. Crooks, F.K.S., has ob tained, if possible, stiil more satisfactory evidence, lie contrived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accompanied by the spirit, and there saw and felt Miss Cook, dressed in black velvet, lyinp: iu & trance on the floor, while the ^pint-form, in white robes, stood close beside her. Durinjr the evenins this spirit-form had been, for nearly an hour, ■walking and talkinj? with the company; and Mr. Crookes, by permission, clasped the figure in his arms, and found it to be, ap parently, a real living woman, just as the. | sceptical gentleman had done. Yet this: figure is not that of Miss Cook, nor of any other human bein«r, since it appeared and disappeared in Mr. Grookes's own house its completely as in that of the medium herself. The full statements of Mejsrs. Varley and Crookes, with amass of inteTestinir detail on the subject, appeared in the Spiritualist newspaper in .tlarch and April last; and they serve to show that whatever marvels occur in America can be reproduced here, and that men of science are not precluded from investigating ilie.se phenomena with scientific instruments and. by scientific methods." "Sha'n't I see you 1mm from singing ekule to-night, Jem-shy r" " No, you sha n't do no such thing. I dou't want you nor your company, Reuben." "P'raps you didn't exactly understand what I said." " Yes, I did; you asked nie if you mightn't see me hum." u Why, no I didn't; I only asked you how your uiarui was," " Loss of a China packeWiiipexclaimed Mrs. Partington. " No wonder, when iron ones aren't always safe." 