MINES AND MINING. ( To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser.) Sir,—You have favored us lately with several leaders, and several letters from correspondents have also appeared in your columns on the depres sion which, for some time past,has, unfortunately, prevailed in the mining share market.' With your kind permission, I will lay before your readers a few ideas that have occurred to me on this subject. That the quartz reefs of this im portant district present a legitimate field for the employment of a large amount of capital which, judiciously invested, would yield a profitable .return, no one possessed of a-knowledge of fiiets, and competent to give'an opinion, will, for one moment deny. This fact then, being sidiuitted, the causes of the present depression nuusst be sought for, and if, possible, removed. is. is generally admitted that we have attempted too much at. once; that .too many companies, and those mostly tributes, have been formed; that the claims are too small; and there has been a consequent waste of means without any return, the fruits of the; madness which characterised the latter part of 187J. These' reflections point to the fact' that too great iacilities are afforded for, the'. formation and vegwtration of companies, and too great •J'acilSt/cs are also afforded* to get' them into ri«bt. in fact the. Mining Companies'Limited inability Act 1SG4, under which the greater part of our companies are registered, played into the hands of that class engaged in the very questionable occupation of promoting . 'com panies by the light conditions which it imposcd; thc whole amount required 'to float a company' not exceeding a '£10 note, in return for which:, outlay, these unscrupulous sharks in many instances, pocketed hundreds of 'pounds. "Some"' measures must, therefore, be taken to put a stop to the formation and registration of these bubble companies,' got up for 'market purposes, X therefore suggest that in the' new Mining.'(Com panies' Act, which the Minister of Mines lias promised us, that- the following provisions :4wnltl be embodied:—1st. That no 'company :ih«,UJ)e registered until one-tenth of the capital /or wftjgh the shareholders'are liable, shall be jaaid jtnjb9 some . bank to be approved'of by the jiSsecutive., ,«nd. a certificate from the banker, ftfaitiqg that;tlj.e required sum has,been.placed to the credit of tfce company, shall be, forwarded to the Registrar-General, along with the state ment required to be mada by the legal manager when applying for the registration of a company, but in no case shall the amount so lodged in bank, be less than £600. , This provisfoif will, I ,'liink, meet with the approvalof all right tl|(»k ifyg men. It is not new in British legislations iji ssimfcr condition being imposed upon promoters iOf rdjfs'ay companies as, a guarantee, of their ,ioua fides: in fact the principle,is .admitted in ilie Mining Companies Act,-1871; division. 1-of (Clause 118, ^q$(>/:ing that five-per cent, ofitlie •iubsaribed capital- fi^all be ■ paid; up sprior:- to registration, and .eyery sensible petson:>■ will julinit that a guarantee shou^, Jje pxacted frpiu ilie promoters of mining compares' that 'tliey fuieau business, awl that it is not a l?y.WJLe selieme tluyare eudeayorSjUf to, palni oif on the public, i iuure &sei; tlje mtoinium deposit .in.,'bank' at j JECQO, iis ikat: lvoivld b.e .equal to a call of , Gd: per ! ■share on 2<l,000 glijireSj the usual number in our ! Sandhurst .companies, jCf At- is r.(&IJy;, meant to mine for gold this sum/and a gr,eg.t deal more, j>ur experience tells us, will bje Requife^,, wliil^ jt wfi'l not be . so easy for the' projjiot&rs; to float companies when, in addition-to-Hje £1.9, -£20, £30 per thousand tliey; charge for a. prp fljoter's .«^iare, their friends whom they are mag i»asimQ\iB ^wough to let into "a good thing" .have .also .to jp,?.y,a call of 6d. down in hard cash, .•and it wquM prevent the floating of any Jiona Jide comply having fair and reasonable prospects, the promoters of which invite the strictest enquiry into the scheme they lay Ibefore the public. I am satisfied that if a pro vision similar to this had formed part of the Act ■of '64, tiitt three- fourths of the bubble com panies wliiek owe their birth to the feverish period of '71 WGijJd never have been floated. It is surely not asking tjjc Legislature too much to step in, and, by a provision such as I have ■sketched out, protcct the iiuiocent and unwary irom the des/jfns of a questionably class, whose •sole business appears to be to prey upon their iellow men, for it is notorious that many of. ihese promoters display the estimate in which . <they holdiUi>.companies ti«;y promote by being rt-Ue lirat ,to biwfc out, too ofti# allowing their shares .to be forfeited .for the first fit t'p.cond call. •Another advantage Jiiis provision base tlfyt a company starting writU £lii)0 can prosecute tbeif W'ori with iiuite .vigor. Tjiey could let a con tract for einkiligito a<cousiflerabje depth, instead ^ pottering away with two men working oil wages, as too many companies do, afraid to let a contract lest the calls should not come in to pay the contractors. 2nd. Tiiat all companies shall be registered under the no-liability system. I think it will be admitted that the facility with which companies get into debt has a great deal to do with the present depression. We find the banks at one time indulging the companies with almost unlimited credit, and at another putting on the screw. JTira' it must be obvious to all that ( his has a tendency to unduly cnhaiicc the value of the mining companies' shares at the one time, and also unduly to depress tliem' at the other, and points to the necessity of removing the temptation to the banker to grant any but limited and reasonable over drafts. This the no-liability system does, for it would be a great risk to any hanker to ad vance beyond a reasonable amount under that system. Besides, if we want outside capital to assist us in the development of our mines we must conduct them in such a manner that ;n tending investors shall have some assurance that they are not buying into a company with a loau of debt. 3rd. That no company shall be regis tered unless they are in possession of at least two hundred yards of ground, such measurement to be along the line, or supposed line of reef; the width to be also two hundred yards; and this fact to he certified to by a competent surveyor, 'approved of the Government; such certificate,to gether with apian of. the ground, to be also lodged with the Registrar-General when applying for registration. Had such a provision as this been in force years ago what a saving of money would have resulted. It is universally admitted that claims generally are too small, so that I need not enlarge on it; and the minimum will not I am satisfied be deemed too large by any reason able man. 4th. If a tribute company, not to be registered unless the tribute be for a period of at least ten years; and a certified copy of the tribute agreement to be also lodged with the Registrar-General previous to registration. I anticipate that this provision will also be ap proved of. What thousands of pounds have been lost by short tributes no one can tell; aud it does not interfere with the genuine tribut ing, viz., letting a level or a series of levels to a party of working men. 5th. That it shall be imperative 011 all legal managers to find security for their intromission to the extent of at least £500, sucii security to be guaranteed by a policy of some guarantee company of high standing. Recent events, both here and elsewhere, have shown the necessity which exists for a provision of this character. I am surprised at the apathy of directors and shareholders in not insisting on getting sucli security from their legal managers; and have expected that the better class of the latter would themselves have proposed it, and adopted other means to separate the chaff from the wheat; and rid their body of the shady members it unfortunately contains. Had such a provision been in existence three years ago, it is obvious many would never have been entrusted with the management of companies, and thou sands of pounds saved to the unfortunate share holders.. I may further remark that the rates charged by the guarantee companies are so low that 110 objection can be raised against the system on the score of expense. It is unneces sary to dwell 011 the prejudicial effect of these embezzlements by legal managers 011 the reputa tion of the district, and the effect they will have in preventing outside capital from flowing in to our aid. It must be obvious to all that they have that effect. There are several other subjects I should like to oilier a few remarks upon, such as the proposal brought before the Mining Board for a Government subsidy to aid in sink ing to a great depth on some of our lines of reef; the proposed Chamber of Mines; hut these I shall leave for another letter. Yours truly, KOBKllT M'CASKIE. . Sandhurst, 9th May. (To the Editor oj the Bendigo Advertiser.J Sir,—I have read the correspondence regard ing mining, .which has lately appeared in your journal, with considerable interest, and trust you willgive your great influence to the movement, not only for the sake of the prosperity of the Sandhurst district, but also in the interest o£ out side investors, who have been for years at the mercy of an unscrupulous body of schemers. The proposal to establish a Chamber of Alines is a capital one, provided that care be taken to prevent the information gained being appro priated by the committee and officers of the chamber to their own advantage. Underground surveyors, however, should be under the control of Government, and invested with full legal powers to perform their work efficiently. Hitherto these surveys have been made 011 behalf of the several companies for their own use and the surveyors. One of these under ground surveyors lately told a visitor, "I have surveyed a large number of mines 011 the princi pal lines; I performed the work I was engaged for, and supplied the usual tracings. From these several surveys I have prepared, a plan of the several lilies for my own use. I know that many of the reputed crack mines in the district have not a ghost of a chance in getting the reefs they are prospecting for; but that's their look out, not mine." Yet, notwithstanding that this knowledge is possessed by some of your leading men, Melbourne people are still fleeced to keep alive some of these very mines. Some of them are situated on the Stafford, Hustler's, John son's, See., and are no doubt known to close ob servers of the progress of the several mines. If reliable underground surveys were available would there be such uncertainty regarding the course of the lode on the South Garden Gully line—the question whether the western or eastern claims have the reef would soon be honestly decided, irrespective of the " con flicting interests involved." Sir, the uncertainty as to the course of this reef is not creditable to your scientific miners; they are either lamentably deficient in the necessary knowledge to deter mine its course, too timid, or deliberately pro crastinating, so as to allow time for the knowing ones to pick up the innocents. There is an evident determination to bolster up the western claims (even by the Sandhurst corres pondent of one of the leading Melbourne morning, papers) notwithstanding that the freehold has traced the stone south to the eastern boundaries of the Ladies' and Miller's, and the principal shareholders in Burrowes' have purchased the adjoining claim east (Iionvood's) for the sum (in money and shares) equal to £30,000; but one of the puzzles to ine is, that the shares of this Horwood's Company are now in the market at 17s. Cd., while the Golden Lion Tribute No.], tying due south, with its large extent of ground, efficient machinery, long term and low per centage, and its 325 foot shaft, is reported in the market at Is. per share. I suppose the difference arises from the manner in which the market is managed, for most assuredly it does not arise from position nor manner of working the two mines, If tlio Melbourne investors had confi dence in your ventures! as legitimate, and that for the future they shall he honestly ijgalt with, there will be no lack of capitu.11 hut up to very recently (with few fortunate exceptions) it ;has been a gigantic system of looting, and worse than any thimble-rigging or three-card thick, .yet there is no legal redress. "■ \- Yours, &c.;, ; 11th May. MELBOURNE INVESTOR; (To the Editor of the Beiuliyo Advertiser.}' \ , Sir,—Having accorded me space for my le'ter : signed"" Echo," in your issue of the Cth instant'. ; I beg to trespass further on your indulgence, as the subject is by no means exhausted, but re quires much more ventilation and discussion. ; In- your leader of i'rklay, 8th, you have very, forcibly demonstrated not only the urgent necesi sity of a radical change in the system of mining, but also the, desirability of a reform in our legis lation for the mining interest, and I trust that now you have commenced this advocacy of reform so earnestly, and being so strongly encouraged by your correspondents, that the whole subject of mining, "its results and its requirements," will receive a searching investi gation; and that some tangible good will be de rived therefrom. As an old and earnest advo gate of mining reform, both in general manage njSfft and legislation, I shall be pleased to alford any. assistance in my power for tile-furtherance of so desirable £ ijjeasure. In following up my remarks in my first letter iff reference to the tribute system, I desire to say tlujifc its results have/exteuded to an abuse of its intention am} meaning. The tribute system of working mines should only apply to such mines or portions of mines as. cannot be so advantageously worked by wages tas by co-operative labor; the true meaning of the tribute system, and what it should be applied to, is the giving an opportunity to tlie operative miners to exercise their skill, experience, economy,, arid industry to their own profits, as'also to the advantages of the owners of the mine. It is only in n/ines that have been partially developed, and appliances, sucli as nj&chinery;, provided that, as a rule, retires to he let on tribute; the forming of tributes into registered CQoipanies is an absurdity, and a delu sion to those yy'fo become shareholders; and should ft of;, ijulfss ynder exceptional circum stances, lie do Jig.. I l?(.'lieyg in encouraging in dividual responsibility, ai;d 3 spiftp of indepen dence and enterprise amongst the workjug miners; aud it will be found more beneficial to the general mining interest if they are allowed the opportunity of more freely exercising their own judgment, experience, and economy in working and participating in the profits of mining. A well-organised party of miners can oftentimes work a mine with greater economy and profit than can possibly be done under ex pensive management. It is not only on Sand hurst, but 011 other goldfields, you find that min ing labor is wasted by being misapplied and ill directed. To illustrate the absurdity of com panies letting oil' portions of their mines on tribute, and how utterly opposed it is to the principles: of legitimate mining, I will take a few examples. Tlje Great Kxtended Hustler's Company held a very rgsj^table sited area for a claim, and one tliafc Oouli He worked jv|th gvery advantage from sue main shaft, and'under one njajjiigeinent; therefore, wliat "necessity was tii^i'e' fqf Jotting oft' two tributes, when (he company, wMe ggtting good payable gold, wag better able to develop their mine properly itself than v.'as likely to be to be done by letting oft two tributes to work what was then considered the worst portions of the mine. These tributes were not let because the mine war. too extensive to-be worked under the management, as I find the same legal and mining managers have the management oE the three several companies, thus creating an extra' amount of labor and trouble for themselves and directors. I know they cannot work the ground: with the same economy, or as advantageously as could be done i£ the three companies were in , one. Had this mine been worked as a large and valuable mine should be, their main shaft would have been sunk to 1,200 feet in depth by this time; and in all probability other makes or saddle reefs would have been long since dis covered, equal to those the company has so profitably worked. Supposing such had been tiie case, not only would the company'* stock have been of a much higher value than it has been, but it would lnive iriven an impetus and encouragement for other companies to have fol lowed their example—there would not have been those sudden 'fluctuations, in prices of shares as there lias been, nor would there have been a probability of a depreciation in value of the stock in a few weeks to the extent of oyer, " half a million sterling." The sudden, de preciation in the price of stock in this company and the tributes, and the consequent loss to in vestors, has done more injury to the general mining interest by destroying confidence in mining as an investment, than that of any other company in the colony. The management of tribute companies by those who are also the chief proprietors and controllers of the parent company is also against the ordinary principles of business, as the interests of the parent company and the tribute company are not identical, but are in a measure antagonistic to each other. Thus, it may be to the advan tage of the parent company that the works of the tribute company should not be pushed on with 'as''much expedition as might be done, or the works of the tribute compauy might be so carried on as to be of greater ultimate benefit to the parent company than to the present interest of the tribute com pany; it is therefore possible that the preponder ance of interest in. either company might be used to the disadvantage of the, other. The Garden Gully* United Company is another instance of loss of time and waste of labor. Here,-also, as with the Great Extended Hustler's.-, Company, 110 necessity existed for letting tri butes; the company was in a better position to work that mine to advantage than tribute coin- < p.mies. Now, what lias been the result. Some four or live tribute companies were let on this claim, each sinking a shaft under separate com panies ansl management; the term, a short one (of, I believe, five years), ran out in March last, when some of the claims had only been a very short time on gold, and had it not' been for the fortunate circumstance of the reef being ex ceedingly rich, they would never have obtained enough to pay expenses. I don't know the exact depths these separate tribute companies shafts Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, were sunk, but say 300 feet each, which gives 1,200 feet of shaft sink-, ing where only 300 was required, and the expenses of . sinking' these four shafts were much higher in' proportion than the sinking of one shaft' would have been because several, years of time were frittered away in sinking these separate'shafts, while one, good shaft might have been sunk in about nine months to the required depth at much less than the cost of either of the others. If it worth while to sink a shaft at all it should be done ex peditiously, as the longer you dawdle over it the more expensive it is. No more expense for management arid surface labor is needed when two or three drills are kept going in the bottom of the shaft than there is for one; and when a shaft is once started it should never be idle for a day or scarcely an hour until completed. Anywhere in the Sandhurst district a shaft, should be sunk from 300 to 400 feet in a-year, and will be done for much less cost than if extended over three or four years! The Golden fleece Company and. its litter of pups",is also.another instance of. the utter absurdity of spoiling a genuine, mining property, by cutting up an ordinary sized claim into several petty tributes, with all the attending expensive paraphernalia of management, merely" for the purpose of foisting a lot of extra scrip on the market for speculative purposes. I have mentioned the foregoing companies as the prin cipal ones on the several lines of reefs, believing it better to take the leading companies as exam ples than the smaller ones; there are, however, plenty of others I could instance had I time or space. The subjects of the Chamber of Mines and its uses, and . legislation for the milling interest, I will treat on some'other time. Yours, Sec., THOMAS CORNISH. Melbourne, 1 Itli May. 