The Storyteller. LONG ODDS. CHAPTER L. THE CHESTER CUP. BY MARCUS CLARKE. THE eventful day dawned at last. Heavy with clouds and fierce with raging wind. The good people of Cheater, who had looked forward to the Cup day with immense delight for the last «ix months, grumbled as they drew aside their curtains and saw what a raw cold day it was. Many of them—honest burghers and what not— lad not gone on the first day, preferring to wait for the great event of the year, and these were proportionately disgusted. The racing and Letting fraternity established in various inns about the city, set to work doggedly hedging against the favorite, and by eleven o'clock, Automaton had nearly advanced to par. There tna a gleam of bright sunshine about noon which deceived many, and carriages began to be seen here ami there, and many a sober burgher yielded to his (laughter's prayer, and took his «hance of a ducking. The trains poured in their crowds of turfites. From London, Manchester, Birmingham, they thronged to the old gray city. In Manchester and Liverpool the sun was ahining brilliantly, and many hard, blunt, money-making faces grew harder and more coarse •» they were protruded from the windows of the "1.50 down," or the "12.30 up." The wild hosts of the Ring, the Pariahs of London Arabia* ]K>ured into the town. Wonderfully wautcoated, xavishingly ringed, with beribbanded hats, with wild expanses of shirt-front, and stupendous ex aggeratious of fashionable attire, the billiard markers, the Jew speculators, the " fast" black guards, the swell-nobsinen, the card-sharpers and skittle-pkyers, spread themselves out over the course. Sporting Jewry—puffy-lipped, fat-eyed, greasy, and infamous—betted, and shrieked, and cursed, And was alternately coarsely impudent and dis gustingly subservieut, now licking the mud off the boots of a lord, and now shaking a dirty fist at the face of some broken down " stag," as is the fashion of that particular class of Hebrew. From north, south, east and west, the land sent forth her spies. Few dainty women, fewer res plendent parties of giggling girls and pleasure aeekers. This wa<* a matter of business, a matter of trial, a matter of serious earnest. The book makers, clean-shaven and silent, bearded and garrulous, short and fat, tall and thin, in wide awakes and bell-toppers, broad brims and narrow Lrims, with veils and without veils, all looked upon the coming race as a serious and awful cir cumstance. It would decide in a great measure the probable issue of the next Derby, and it l>ehoved them to be careful and attentive. All the sporting world was at Chester, but its wife was for the most part at home. The wives and daughters of Chesterian magnates in the grand-stand ! the wives and daughters of Cheateriau burghers on the Castle-hill ! the wives and daughters of Chesterian lower orders scattered about promiscuously ! but few absolute •tningers. Sporting nobility in great force. Sporting nobility of all Bpeeies, from the Marquis of Croxton, pale, upright, gray-whiskered, aud gentleman- like, down to the young Earl of JJydenham, beardless, blue-eyed, and baby- faced, who taps his retreating chin incessantly with the silver ferule of his riding-cane, and cannot spell, aud was at Oxford, and is " on the Turf," spend ing his fortune as hard as he can in the company of legs, aud lurtttet, and fighting-men, and bullies, and swindlers, and birds of prey of all aorta. His mother, Lady Croydon, who is the leader of the Low Church Party, refuses to let liiin eater her doors—and his uncle, the Bishop of Blunderbury, says be is a " brand," and will atot hear hw name mentioned in his presence. The stand is crowded with half the blue blood in England. Presently the rain begins to sprinkle again, and coat-collars are turned up, and at last it comes down finely, but steadily ; aud Auto laaton goes up to par iu lesß than ten minutes Spoiling nobility defies rain, and walks about calmly ; aud Royalty, in a white mackintosh, and smoking a cigar, walks about also. The eacldliug-bell was rung, and the horses take preliminary leg-stretches through the drizzle. " There goes Fly-by-night !" cries Miniver. " Too light for this weather—ground like a ploughed field," grained Fitz-Frederick. " What about Automaton '!" says Figleaf, emitting a volume of Bmoke,—as the raking chestnut, reaching madly at his bit, cantered dowu in the wake of the Favorite. " Do you stand to win on liim '{" asked the other. " About even, in any case," says the cautious Mouveau rtche. " Where's Calverly's horse ?" asked Welter wnte, with his glass at hia eyes. "Heis a big l*rute—he ought to ntick through the mud." " Don't see him," says Miniver, looking round " Oh yen—here he comes !" Jemmy Seabright walked Lord Lundyfoot'a destroyer »lowly up the course, Bob and the Major standing watching, regardless of the fnst "futling raiu. Ah the horse broke into his swinging canter, and Pousouby marked his easy stride, and witched the play of his powerful limbs, his lieort roae, and he struck the young Australian ou the shoulder. " I wouldn't lay loug odds against him now !" he said. . " Come on the stand !" nays Bob, nervously ; " they will start in a minute." Some delay ; some flag waving, and shifting <»f colors ; then a shout, and then a momentai*} liash, with the voices of confident bookmakers down iu the ring beard distinctly. They're off! Tambourine leads, with Automaton and Andromeda close behind. The savage chestnut bores to the front; Andromeda changes her leg, Juul Sanderson (KaratefTs jockey) drives Lemon* l«el level with her in an instant. Penelope, a vicious light-weighted filly, is leading the field ; but the paco is too good, and in five strides the crimson colors of the Favorite slide out of the ruck, and a savage roar goes up from the Ring Tambourine is shutting up at every stride • Automaton goes past him like a thunderbolt, with Lemon-peel hurd on hit quarter. The ruck lengthens out ; ami Bob's heart gives a great jump a» he sees the pale-blue jacket of Jemmy Sejibright emerge out of the mass of color. The ground in beginning to tell. Careful Beresfonl exses the chestnut ; but confident iu the Eiirberini blo.nl, Beamish forces Fly-by-uight ]i:i->t Lemon-Peel, and pushes for the lead Tambourine falls away hopelessly ; Peuelope is going lame. The Cardinal sweeps past them bi'th in three tremendous strides. Little Jemmy sets his teeth, and draws a long breath, as he sees Andromeda fade away on his left, aud feels the Hack aud orange back of Sanderson coming nturer aud nearer. " I wiy, Welter," says Berry, dropping hw glass, " isn't that Bob's horse J" "He's forcing the running awfully," says Welter. "He can never stay at that pace." But the Beeswing blood was not given to shrinking, and the son of Manxman and Grand* Duchesse never shortened his stride for an in* atant. Fly-by-night labors, and Automaton creepe up again. . " Curse the rain !" cries Windermere, between his set teeth. Cynical Raikesmere, at his elbow, laughs grimly. " You breed 'em too light," he says,— " like everything else now-a-days !" The Cardinal is neck and neck with Lemon peel. Sanderson lifts his arm once, twice, thrice ; but the ground is softer than ever, and the big brown horse leaves poor KaratefTs cult a length behind. Mr. Ryle in the top of the stand smiles con tentedly, and Mikhailoffisky rises fifty per cent, in the estimation of the Croesus of Israel. " He's gaining, Jack—he's gaining !" says Bob in a nervous whisper. Round the level sweep they come, mud flying in Bullen black showers. " Automaton wins ! — Automaton ! — I'll lay agin Fly-by- night!—Automaton!—Automaton!" Little Figleaf jumped up in his exeitement* — He was going to win a " pot" after all! Jemmy Seabright drives in his spurs, and the brave old Beeswing blood reddens his boot-heels. There is a roar from the Ring. Automaton twenty strides from the winning post slackens hits j>ace, and the crimson jacket is level once more ; but, hard behind, a tower of strength, big mighty chest blackened by the mud from the heels of the Favorite, thunders the despised Cardinal. The major bit his lips till the blood started. " What's that horse ?—Blue jacket ! — Blue jacket !—Automaton wins !—No !—Xo !—Fly by- uight I—Fly-by-night! Fifty to one !—Sixty to one.' The blue jacket has it!—The blue jacket I—The Cardinal!—The Cardinal!—Ha-a -a-a-oh t —S-s-s-s-s-sh — Fly-by-night! — Auto maton !—The Cardinal!—The Cardinal!" Keck-and-neck. Whips crack like pistol shots. The lean head of the Favorite, with nostrils wide and quivering, passes Beresford's elbow. An effort—another—shouting—yelling—grass- land slipping away under the feet, like a dirty green riband—all the faces spinning round in one blurred white masß. The Favourite drops behind ; ami then Beresford flings back a cautious glance. A broad muzzle—a savage white-rimmed eye, and then a big brown neck, gliding past him, with Jemmy Seabright'3 little white face above it His whip rises and falls ; he feels Automa ton's convulsive leaps ; he hears dimly the savage shouts of the crowd ; two more strides and all will be over !—the brown neck seems stationary —the winning-post flashes white on his left! " Automaton wins ! Xo—the Cardinal! The Cardinal ! The C.vkdinal !" " Snatched out of the fire, by G—d !" cries the Major, striking his gloved hand on the wooden rail in front of him ; and Bob Calverly, dizzy, sick, and trembling with excitement, turned round to the crowd of enthusiastic faces, heard the running fire of congratulations that met him on all aides, and awoke to the conscious ness that he had won the biggest stake he had ever played for, and banished his monetary troubles at once and for ever. Yes—thanks to Jemmy Seabright's riding, the heavy ground, and what not—the despised Cardinal, plastered with mud, reeking with sweat, bloody with spurring, wou by a neck ; Auto maton second ; the Favourite a good third ; and poor KarateflTa four-year-old nowhere. Chapter LI. THE OTHER END OK THE CHAIN. The receipt of Binn's hurried letter had con firmed a suspicion which had long been shaping itself in the mind of Bland. That poor, good heart was sorely troubled. Amidst the smoke of his meerschaum he had dimly discerned a! strauge picture of impending evil; and he would ponder, in his lonely room by night, long and earnestly over all the doubts and fears with j which the conduct of the brilliant con tributor to the Mercury had inspired him. This concealment of marriage, this hiding away of a wife under a false name, was opposed to all Bland's old-fashioned notions of truth and honor. Yet there were reasons—strong reasons —reasons rendered familiar by plays, and novels, and stories innumerable —reasons plausible enough—reasons difficult to dispute—the old, stale arguments anent family pride and family embarrassment. But the concealment had lasted long enough, and the echo of society's rumor of Cyril's " engagement" had reached even the ears of unfashionable and Boheminan Bland. He was unwilling to credit it. In his love for Binns he tried to put away such thoughts, and did not care to imagine even for a moment that any 'disgrace could come to the girl whom his friend's heart delighted to honor. He had gone —so artfully, poor fellow—to the Mautonian residence, and over many a " tea'» had, through the intervals of many a rubber, ob tained full and fair accounts of the marriage and the quarrel. He had given himself over, bound, into the hands of the Jittlebury and the Perkiu anil with his gray hair wildly rumpled, and his teeth on edge with nervous irritation, would gravely beat time to the mangled melodies of those Sirens, and never by a syllable, betray the torture he was suffering. He would hand round muffins with an eleganee that as tonished himself, would find himself re lating anecdotes of such literary lions as i it had been his fortune to meet with, —found himself even, one memorable evening, actually singing " Barbara Allen," iu a high-pitched voice, with n marvellous embellishment of quavers, and sliakes, aud trilL, and sudden dashings at high notes, aud consequent confusion and shame; would sit, with the tobaco-fiend gnawing at him for hours, and listen to long, rambling stories of the widow's vanished youth, and would sternly repress the savage desire to rush away, tear off his old, ill-fitting gala coat, and, plunging into his ragged dressing- gown, smoke madly iu all the unfettered freedom of bountiful Bohemia. He endured, with the patient tenderness that is the nobility of such mediocre hearts as his, all the clack aud chatter, the ungrammatical gabble of sorded cares, and griefs, and joys ; studiously ignored the widow's slips of tongue, and par doned with a smile of vanities aud follies of all the mock gentility among which he found him self. He was as courteous to the Jittlebury as if she hail been a ducliess ; and though his toil wearieil feet had never trodden the soft carpets that fit the perfumed chambers of the great, his bow to the blushing Perkin would not have dis graced St. Jumes'. For the sake of Binns—the enthusiastic boy who had chosen to call him "friend"—he bore the martyrdom without a murmur ; happy if he could hear such news of the little girl who had so trustingly acoepted his escort through the London streets, as would allay the fears of the poor boy who loved her. It seems a small sacrifice, perhaps, to pass a few hours each evening away from books and thought and smoke. But these were all that made life endurable to the disappointed, wearied man, who had found the odds too great against him, and had gone down in the fight. With books and thought and smoke be could defy his memories, could banish all regrets of past failures, and smile at all Tain dreams of future fame. But with the new affection that had arisen in the life barren of all save pity since his young wife died—had arisen the new delight I of self-sacrifice, the sweetest and purest joy in all Love's golden horn. Bland, in the Mantonian domestic circle, pre sented a picture that was at once ludicrous and painful. His long, lean, angular figure, clad in well- brushed black of rigid respectability. His serviceable boots, pieced here and there, perhaps, but polished to reflective power. Hia double breasted black cloth waistcoat, made after the fashion of a byegone age—when he was young, and spruce, and handsome, and hopefuL His serviceable thickness of silken watch-guard, which attached itself to the fat, old-fashioned, shining, silver watch, that ticked with a pert and obtrusive noisiness, heard distinctly at a distance of two feet from his person. His tall collars, uncomfortably respectable as his coat. His thin hands, that always looked painfully clean and dry. His finger nails, clipped into filbert shape, and adorned with a carefully scraped rim of purest white. His scrape of grizzled whiskers. His new-scraped chin and long upper lip. His hollow, cavernous eyes, that sparkled with a dry humor and honest kindness, for all that was weak and helpless, and glittered sometimes with an enthusiasm that defied the crow's-feet round them, and seemed in its genial heat to melt at once the gathered snows of his sixty winters. The little tricks and habits of the man. The knack he had of taking off his spectacles to laugh at a joke of the widow'B, and putting them on again upside down. His merry confusion when told of hid mistake ; and the unconscious way in which he did the same thing again ten minutes afterwards. His feeling about for his pipe when interested in conversation, and awak ing blandly to the knowledge that he was in " ladies' society ;" his actually pulling out that implement of consolation bodily on one occasion, and cramming it back into the wrong pocket im mediately, with profuse blushes. His harmless stories of harmless junketings and reveUings which he related alwayß with the qualifying re mark to the virgin Jittlebury, that "I was younger then, you know." His unassuming manner. His reverence for the great past masters in literature. His humble worship of the living great ones, who were still scoring their names upon the sand of popular fame. His rotundity of metaphor and Queen Anne stateli ness of aphorism. His multifarious and mar vellous knowledge of all that was quaint, and curious, and recondite, and useless. His out spoken detestation of all that was base and cowardly and cruel. His manly sympathy for all that was noble and honest, and his childish i delight in all that was pure, and laughable, and innocent, and mirth-provoking. All these things, with a thousand other little touches of quaint goodness that cannot be painted in words, made up a picture that might have moved to laughter or compelled to tears. A picture which, as I strive to realise it, takes me back into that strange land, where the pathetic and the ridicu lous go hand in hand—a land thrilling with tearful whispers, murmuring with tender laughter, and singing with lost illusions ; that land which we have all trodden in our childhood? which holds yet the mournful ghosts of oui childish hopes, and fears, and faith ; that happy simple, twilight land, the memory of which, the turning of a sentence, the echo of a song the perfume of a flower may bring back to us for a moment, but out of whose sweet shadow we have passed for ever. < Bland had succeeded in completely gaining the confidence of the widow. She—good, motherly, vulgar woman—had quickly discovered the true heart that was hidden by the shabby coat of the newspaper hack; and if her vulgarities grated occasionally upon the sensitive Bland, and each *' h " that she dropped stuck into him like a pin and made him wince, he honored her for her honest struggle with the world, and her love for her daughter. Out of the fullness of that love, and because she did not want to see her daughter made unhappy, the widow had respected Cyril's commands, and had never visited Carry. With the exception of that night, so long ago now, when the poor child, terrified at her husband's neglect, and haunted, perhaps, by Borne dim pre sentiment pf coming evil, had sought the shelter of her mother's arms, she had not even seen her. Rupert Dacre, having made good his footing in the St. John's Wood villa, and learning from Carry that her mother had tacitly consented to be separated from her, had not repeated his visit to Dym-etreet, and all communication between the two places had ceased. Mrs. Manton, con fident in the knowledge that the marriage had been legally performed, and that Cyril could not repudiate it, was quite innocent of suspicion of wrong. But the continued concealment began to alarm her, as it had alarmed Bland. " At fust it was to be jest temporary—to gain time to hexplain, you see, Mr. Bland, but now it looks as if he was waitin' for his father's death. Don't it ?" "It is uot right. I cannot think it right," said Bland ; but he could advise no'course of action. " That friend of Mr. Chatteris, too, I do not understand that he should be so often at the house. Robert and myself have seen him leave, —quite late." " Yes — but lor, that's nothink ! Besides, didu't young Binns go to the office " —the widow s;>oke of all places of business indifferently as the "office"—"and find out that it was all right ? Oh, I know my Carry !" So things had gone on from day to day. Upon the receipt of Binns' letter, however, Bland, as I have said, was sorely troubled. At i last, after much smoke and cogitation, he resolved that he would inform the mother of Binns' suspicions and the rumors of an intended marriage between Cyril and his cousin, and would beg her to go and see her daughter herself. The poor woman wanted but little urging. Hastily putting ou her bonnet, ;md pinning her shawl with hands that trembled as much with anxiety as with anger, she took her way to her daughter's house. j " I'll s«on get to the bottom of it!" she said. " I'll soon find out what he's been up to, the villain ! My darling ! Marry his cousin, indeed!' I'll cousin him !" and so on. Blaud felt himself awfully guilty when he saw the widow's grief, and began to regret that he had told her. " Perhai« it is not true, after all. Robert only said that he suspected, you know, and rumor always exaggerates." " Proof ! —True! —Ho ho!" laughed the widow in ghastly glee. " I don't believe a word of it." But she did, for all that, Bland knew. All that day his conscience smote him for his cruelty, and yet he had a lurking conviction that the warning was necessary. He hurried to Dym-street as quickly as possible that evening calling there on his way home. Mrs. Manton had not yet returned. At his lodgings he found a letter. Deae Mb. Blxsd, —Please come up at once. Things is much worse than we thought. Carry't ill, and I'm all alone here except the servant— Yours truly, Asastasia. Mantox. When he read this, he immediately imagined all aorta of horrors; blamed himself for not having wit enough to see the condition of things before, and so deeply was he agitated and moved to wrath against himself, that he Btruck himself several savage thumps upon the chest, and took a fiendish pleasure in sitting exactly where the draught from the window of the omnibus that bore him to hL$ destination would cut him most severely. When he reached the house it was 8 o'clock. Mrs. Manton opened the door. " It's you, Mr. Bland," she said. " Thank God you've come! He'll be here in an hour." " Who T asked Bland, alarmed. "That villain Dacre. You must see him. ] She's fIL They were killing her amongst them.*' " What do you mean ?" " Come in, and I'll tell you !" said she. " Oh, I thought that you would never come !" The widow had taken the villa by storm— j rang violently at the bell—stopped the servant* maid's mouth with a " Oh, stuff and rubbish, don't talk to me !" and dashed into the little drawing-room like a wounded lioness. At the sound of her voice there was a little scream, and then her daughter had flown down stairs, all crimson, and panting, and crying, and flung her self into her arms. A silly sight, doubtless ; no grand phrases, no pretty sentiments ; only a poor distracted, miserable girl, clinging round her vulgar mother's neck, with sobs, and gasps, and kisses, and little pats and murmurs, and, " Oh, mother! mother! It it you ! My dear ! My darling ! Oh !—oh ! Help me ! Save me j Take me home .' Oh, mother !" j By-and-by the terrified woman got her up stairs, and soothed her a little, and drew the story out of her piecemeal. How her husband had neglected her and despised her. How Mr. Rupert Dacre came with his soft voice and pro tecting manner. How he flattered her vanity and made her think she loved him. " For I didn't, mother, I didn't!" she cried, in a sort of terror. How Cyril had gone, and how lonely she had been; and how Mr. Rupert Dacre had told her that it was for love of Kate Ffrench that her husband had left her alone so often. How she had gone to the theatre with him, and how Cyril had returned that night That she had been nearly mad. That she used to drink lauda num in order to Bleep. That she used to think of killing herself sometimes. That ehe would have told Cyril all, but that when Bhe had begged him to forbid the house to Dacre, he had laughed, and told her that Dacre was his friend, and he wished her to know him ; and, " oh, mother !" she said, " I thought then that he knew what had been passing in my mind, and that he wished to be rid of me. That he well knew what his friend would have me do, and that he gave him opportunities of seeing me in order that I might listen to him, and ■ " " Why did you not come to me ?" says Mrs. Manton, between her sobs of rage and grief. " Oh, mother, I daren't; and beside—beside, I began to think that I did love my husband's friend, and that he loved me and would take care of me! Oh, mother, don't shrink from me! It was wrong, it was wicked, I know ; but oh, mother, it was so lonely, and I did so want to be loved by some one !" She Btopped a moment to sob at the recollec tion of her loneliness. " My poor dear !" said her mother, and patted her hand caressingly. Carry went on in a low voice. "He came again the next night. I was very miserable. I thought that Cyril didn't love me " —another sob, —" and I had made up my mind to leave him. I told Mr. Dacre that I would go with him. He said that I must wait; that he had to go down to Kirkminster about his elec tion. Cyril came in, and I saw that he knew, or had guessed at what had passed. He did not speak to me, and left me in the morning without a word. I then thought of coming home, mother, but I was afraid; and one day, when he had been gone a week or more, and I had heard nothing of him, I wrote to Mr. Dacre, and told him that I would wait for him to-night* and that if he came to fetch me I would go with him " " To-night ?' cries the widow, alarmed. " Yes, to-night He is to be here at 9 o'clock.'' "Oh, Carry!" "Mother, dear mother, I would not have gone ; indeed I would not I was mad, I think, when I promised to go ; worse than mad when I wrote that letter. But I would not have gone. I had made up my mind what to do." " What ?" cries the poor woman, in a new terror." " To»—to—have died," says the girl, with a shudder. "To have died and forgotten it all- It's there," she cried, starting up—"there on the table behind you ! Oh, throw it away ! Take it, mother, darling, and throw it away !" The widow turned round, and instinct divined the meaning of the broken sentence. The little bottle was standing in the same place where Cyril had seen it on the night when he had re turned from Matcham. The mother snatched it and hid it in her bosom. " Not that, my child, my Parting <" ghe said— " not that—not that!" And then the two fell into each other's arms again. [TO BE CONTUrTEO.] Duelling bt Schoolboys.—Gerald Maurice Burn, one of the boys who recently fought a duel at Lincoln, was tried yesterday (March 17) at the Lincoln assizes for shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm. It was stated that the pistol which was used was one of those ordi narily sold at toyshops for sixpence, and had a cork with a string attached to it, and was meant to be used with caps, only as a pop-gun. The brother of Seagrave, the injured boy, said that before the duel took place he saw Burn making bullets in a moidd. He had seen him use the pistol before, firing it at a poet. He hit the post. He said (the witness added), as to my brother not accepting the challenge, that "he was a coward, and showed a cowardly spirit." He said, " He would give him another chance for his honor." In cross-examination, Seagrave said that in a duel which took place a week before the one in question the "gentleman who cleared his honor was ten years old. We had all been ' acting to be men. 1 We had a triaL A boy called Norris was judge. Burn was eounsel. We tried a prisoner. He had refused to sell something and was tried for it. Burn was for the prosecution. Some one made a caricature of the judge, and Burn stuck it up somewhere, and it w;« pulled down by Seagrave, and that was the cause of the quarreL" The jury returned a verdict of not guilty. The judge said, '"I have not a word to say against that very lenient verdict of the jurj\ I hope you will leave this court without any injury to your character, and, on the other hand, I hope this will be a warning to you, and that some times you will remember how very little things lead to great evils. I sincerely hope you will establish a good character by your future good conduct." Talking of the luxurious indolence of prison life (says "-Egles" in the AuMralatian) I see that somebody's imported Chinese laborers re fused to" work in Queensland. So they were sent to gaol for a month. Now, this is a kind of thing which just suits Ah Sin's complaint. To be kept gratis, and without work, is a kind of punishment thathecanappreciate,although, to his unsophisticated mind, it presents itaelf as a game he cannot understand. When the first batch is discharged, there will be more candidates 