CRICKET. BENDIGO V. NORTH TASMANIA.. F'IRST DAY. On 2nd January last Mr Maddox, Secro tary to the Launucostn Cricket Club, rd ceived a letter from Mr Glenn, Secretary to the Bendigo United Cricket Club, cover ing a challenge for an eleven of that club to play a match against eleven of Nor thorn Tasmania at Launceston. The chal lengo was duly laid before the Conmmittee of the L.O.C. who allowed little time to elapso before forwarding a reply accepting the prolposals of tle Blendigo Club, and accordingly Monday last saw eleven rep resentatives of the Eldorado city of Vie toriaon beoard the Tanocr bound for a trip to the " tight little island." They arrived here about noon on Tuesday, and were conveyed in cars provided by the L.O.C. to the Criterion Hotel, where they took up .their quarters during their stay. Most of them the same day paid avisit to the L.O.C. ground and had a short prac tice, doing ditto on Wednesday. It was difficult to form any correct opinion of their capabilities as most of them played carelessly; but Midwinter, from his many excellent performances both with the bat and ball, and the fact of his having played as one of the Vic torian eighteen against the English eleven, in the late match at Melbourne, earned him the reputation of being a first class all. round player. And the way in which Watson scored his 33 against the All-England Eleven at the recent Ballarat match was sufficient at once to rote him a very safe b it. Butler's fielding on b th days drew forth many expressions of commendation, and Stewart showed some pretty batting. It was also soon evident that Webster and Besswick were two of the eleven's princi pal bowlers. Thursday dawned bright and clear with a gentle nor-westerly breeze, but about noon tlhe breeze stiffened, the skybecame samewhat overcast, and the weather quid nuncs more than once prophesied that rain would fall during the afternoon ; but they reckoned without their score, for whilst the players were at lunch the wind lulled, the clouds disappeared, and the weather again became delightful. The attendance--well, what about the atten dance l-tlhat it was much better than that usually found at local contests cannot be gainsaid, but still it was not what might have been expected, for as one of the Bondigo representatives remarked, from the perfect arrangements which are made for the comfort and convenience of visitors, and the picturesque scenery which surrounds the Launceston ground, it should prove peculiarly attractive to visitors, and should certainly draw more than three hundred spectators-the nnm bor present-when such an important match as the one under report is being played. His Exceolloncy Sir G. F. Bowen, Go vernor of Victoria, with his aide- dc-cam,, and accompanied by C. MI. S. Chichester, Esq., Private Secretary to his Excellency Governor Du Cane, and T. C. Archer, Esq., visited the ground about half-past one. His Excellency took a seat in the members' pavilion, and remained about fiftoen minutes, during which time he evinced much interest in the play, and made several enquiries as to how the game stood. King and Anderson's Circus band, with the juvenile Siamese troupe, also drove on to the ground in the rail way "bus " at half-past three, and re mained till four. A rather unpleasant accident in connection with the match liuijpened in the morning. As a waiter fromt Mr Talmage's, the Club caterer, was bringing the lunblloon for the cricketers, when just by the entrance gate to the ground, the horso froni somen cause bolted. The driver waso immediately precipitated on to the ground, and the animal then galloped ofil in the direction of the meaga zine. Just before reaching it, he was stopped, and it was found that several of the disles were broken, and also the bottles contaiinig the wines. WeVo now proceed to describe the PLAY. Shortly after the appointed hour, 11 o'clock, the Bondigo eleven with the umpires Mr Walter for Bondigo, aid Mr Long for Tasmania, emerged from the pavilion, Collins having won the toss. Martin and J. Arthur soon followed. The field'was disposed of as follows:-Mid winter bowler, Butler point, Conant long stop, Passlicld short-slip, Stewart cover point, \Watson long-log, Beswick mid-off, Slartley third main, Webster long-off, Neill long-on, and Dulnaresji short-loeg. Mid winter commuenced tle bowling to Martin. Mr Long no-balled hiuin first ball for de livering outside 'the bowling crease. He then finislhed the" over without any runs being secured 'fromt it. Arthur opened withono for three neatly placed ht the slips olfWebsteravery inedium pacedround-arm bowler ; in fact his bowling is more in clined to slow than umedium pace. Martin followed with ia single off the second ball of Midwinter's next, and runs than came steadily until 20 was registered, when Martin in trying to bring one of Wobster's round to leg plut it lup to iid-on whero Boswick secured it, and the board read for the first time-1-8-20. o. Arthur then joined his brother. J. Arthur got a single off Webster, and one off M3id awinter, Webster extending his logs to al low the ball to pass through. G. Arthur commence d with a single to cover, and then got a fine drive to the off from Webster, but the ball being well fielded by H-artley only a single was scored. A bye having been run George missed an easy ball for cuttiug from Web star but got hold of the next for three. 11r Long again no-balled Midwinter. J. Arthur then cut Webster for three, and stole ta single for a very venturesolOn run. G. Arthur's hour was now comoe, for Ihe played a bumpy one from Midwintor into Passfield's hand at short-slip 2--5-33. Bailey had only arrived in time to have the mortification of seeing Ilis partner cut a ball fully six inches out on to his wicket. Glynn, the next man, spooned the secotd lIe received from Webster to wards 3eswiclt who effected a neat catch, taking thle ball close to tile ground; the board reading very sonsatisfactory for the 'Tasnaniana 4-0-33. Bailey, who tup to this titoe hlad not obtained t clhance to score, now got a couple for a neat hit to leg; Ferguson, tlhe latest arrival at the wicket, followintg for the satmeo nunm ber withl a hit to thie visitors pavilion. The fastest scoring during the inimngs now took place, 40, 50, 00, and O70, went up in rapid succession, and sixteen runos were got off one over of Webster's ! Shlortly after 70 appecared, however, Bailey cut one hard to point (his wseak spot), and oButler tmade a grand catch, the ballgoing into hlis Ihands and reboonding out again, whle tile fioldsman again took it just before it reachled thue ground. There was wieeoling 1and wailing (we won't add gnash ing if teeth) in th ttent of tihe Toasmatians, while lthe greatest gloee prevoiled in the lcamtp of tlhe Victorians in hlavig so pro 'oomaturely disposed of this renownted hiats I tmat . Thoboard lnow proclainmed5--21-73. Atkiinson gave tile scorers very little Strouble, as le played the first ball just lpnst poolit, and atttempted a run whlere there was not hlalf a run;: le saw hIis tmis I take and moade ai slight ellfrt to get back, Sbut it wa ts too late as the btails were off. oallins, the captaint of the Tasmaniatuns was the next on the convincing ground, n the usual cheer being accorded him. His v first was a couple for a snick to leg, and I immediately he got three for one in. thl d slips. A bye was now scored i Collins a added a single, and the next ball shaved a Ferguson's wicket; both batsmen then f got a single, Watson showing a neat piece 1 of fielding. Ferguson then got two cuts ji for a couple each, and Collins scored four a for a hit to deep long log. The first of 1 the next over from Beswick, who had g previously relieved Webster of the ball, n proved fatal to the skipper, as lie was fi cleanly bowled. 7-13-00 was the in- fi struction to the telegraph boy. Keating o was now Ferguson's confrere. His first attempt at scoring was for a sharp single s to the on. Forguson then got a couple for c a cut, Keating adding a like number for b one in the slips; this brought the century ii up. Ferguson now got a splendid leg ti hit for four, Keating adding two singles- b oneby fluk play to short leg. A bye d was then scored. The play now became very uninteresting. Keating played at one which went into Midwinter's halnds, and j he appealed for a catch, but "not out" was the inexorable reply of MIr Walter. Ferguson then put a ball back to the bowler Midwinter, and ran right up to V Keating's wicket before the latter started; J Keating, however, managed to reach the vacant wicket safely. In Midwinter's next over Ferguson skied one almost per- c pendicularly at the wicket, the ball drop- 1 ping into Pansfield's hands. le retired J with top score, and unquestionably played the best innings of his side, his batting being a treat to witness, and lhe was greeted with enthusiastic applause on his b return to the pavilion. The board pro- . claimed 8-34-110. Keating and Bar- a rett between them added nine to the score, when the latter was run out. Tay lor, the last man, got a couple in the slips and added two singles, when lie j brought the innings to a close by putting j one into Passfield's hands in the slips. i Keating carried his bat for a very care fully got 15 ; the total score of the innings being 121. At this stage both teams adjourned to I lunch. Play was resumed at three o'clock, Stewart and Butler being Bendigo's first representatives. Collins disposed of his field as folliw:- -lailey bowler, .T. Ar thurwicketkoepor,Martin longstop,Collins point, Ferguson mid- off, Atkinson short slip, Barrett short log, Taylor long leog, G. Arthur cover, Keating third man, Glynn 3 third man. Butler took first over from Bailey, which was a maiden. Atkinson trundled at the Northern end. From his second ball Stewart got a good cut for r three, Butler opening his account on the score sheet with a single. Bailey bowled another miaiden. In Atkinson's next Stewart got a couple for one which travelled past the long stop, adding three for a snick in the slips. Butler then scored a singlo-a sharp ono-and the first ten t showed on the board. Another maiden by Bailey, being the third in succession. Butler again got a single, through a not very grand piece of fielding on the part of Ferguson. Stewart having got a three in the slips, and a single, Butler went in for a "sensational," getting five for a very prettily played ballin the slips ; this brought 20 on the board, and the scoring being too fast to please the Tasmanian captain, lihe went on himself at Atkinson's end. Stewart got a couple off the first over,andButler four olf the second; Bailey having in the interimn bowled a maiden. The next five or six (runs were got in singles. When "0 appeared, Collins re tired in favor of Keating; a single only was scored off his first over. The first Bendigo wicket now fell, Bailey taking Butler's middle stumnp clean out of thei ground. The board showed 1-1a--33, y no means a bad beginning. Beswick, the next man, commenced with a single, and theo Bendigo umpire now no-balled Keating for going over the crease. Bes wick could only add another single, when 1 lie was sent to the Pavilion with a do cidedly crestfallen appearance by Bailey. I 2-1-30, this brought the average down I considerably. -Midwinter, upon whomon rested all the hopes and expectations of Bondigo, and all the fears and quaking apprehensions of Tasmanians, next ap- t peared on the scene. He obtained a couple for a square log hit,and a single, when lo! his centre stump fell prone to Bailey with a ball, which it pleased some to I designate as a "trimmer," a "ruin 'un," I a "snorter," &c.; Telegraph 3-3-4-4. "Watson, the next man, from his recent performance against the All-England Eleven at Ballarat, was looked upon as aI dangerous bat, and heo fully proved all that was believed of him. He coummenced with a single to square-leg, Stewart add- I ing a couple for a good off drive, and also two singles. Watson then got three for I one to leg, Taylor judging the ball badly, and also three singles, following with a couple for a draw. Keating, although t bowling well, appeared to have no chance o of obtaining a wicket, and Collins went on at his crease for the third time, with Isis slows. His second made Stewart shako his head, but the third lie got away for a single. WVatson drove the first he received back to the bowler, who caught it, but it was a "granld stand" catch, and caused some disappoitlment, as many be lieved Watson was out. Stewart iinue- I diately after blocked one of Bailey's liard forward, which the bowler made a des pirate effort to secure, but failed. A single was all that was scored off the next over of slows. Atkinson at this tiime was showing some very neat fielding at mid on. Both batsmen got a single, which brought 60 on the board, and Bailey theoe changed the position of Stewart soalog stump from perpendicular to perfectly horizontal. Stewart retired with a well merited 28, in getting which he showed' impregnable defence, and never gave the ghost of a chance, and his comrades andi, the spectators generally were not slow to; show their appreciation of his efforts, as lie received a perfect ovation on returning to the pavilion. Dumnaresq joined Wi\t son, and Tal'smanit wsas now virtully re presented both at the wickets and in the flild, for both Watson and Dumearcsq hail from this colony. Although neither bats nlen could make familiar withl the slows, thely appeared unlikliely to prove effoctlud, and Collies again promnotedl Atkinson to the crease in place of himself. Atkinson bowled a maiden, and a regular blunder then occurred in Bailoy's next. Watson played a ball to short leg, and Dumnaresq ranright up to Watsoc's wicket. Barrett held the ball for some time, and at length returned'it to Airtllr at the wickets, lwho in like manner failed to pass it to Bailey; had he doune so Dullnlarcesq i nust have beeoon out. This lot off gaveo Dtmuaresq confl deoine, anld lie hlit out miore freely thon beforo; Watson thou got a splendid leg hit for folr, andi runs caulle steadily until the score reached 78; Diumaresq then Ilput one up near the longstop wlicth Miartin was not slow to accept, sad the board pro cliimed 5-9-78. lirtlevy, the captain of the Bondigonians, now joined Wsatson, iand betweenu theii added 25 runs to the s:orec. Olynn, lwho h:ld appeared at the crease, rice Bailey, then disturbed tile equilibrium of Wiatson's leg stump; the bIltsmlan received ally amnount of kucdos on his return to the pavilion. He made top score of his side, and only gave one chince, which was to Arthur, at the wi elts. Tile nioet over Hartley was bbowled by Keating, who had replaced Atkitson at the ni.rtllrni wicket. The board exhibited 7-9-103, and it was now a question whether the visitors would top our men's score. Webster, thi new comer, commenced with a fine off drive for three from Glynn. Pasefield also got a triplet by a leg hit, but which should only have been a single had Tayldr fielded the ball. Three more singles, anil Keating bowled Webster with a ballwhich just took the bails. 8-5-115. Conant and Passfield each got a single, and Bailey, who had relieved Glynn, then gave the latter his quietus, and 9-8-117 went up as Neill the last man emerged from the pavilion. Conant then got a fine leg hit, but through a splendid piece of fieldin by G. Arthur only a single was scored. The same batsman added another single, and Neill broke his duck with a couple in the slips, Conant doing ditto, but was then bowled by Keating; the innings closing for 123, or just three less than were made by the Tasmanians. It being now six o'clock the stumps were drawn. The following are the scores : Ta,5MAI-t-15T INNIlNGs. J. Martin, 11 113, o Beswiok b Webster 8 J. Arthur, 3 2 32113 1, b Webster ... 16 G. Arthlur, 113, l'assflcld b Midwinter...5 G. lBailey, 212 4 4 3 2 21, o Butler b Mld w?inter.....21 V. T. Glynn, o Beswick b Webster ...0 J. A. Ferguson, 2113213 121 11212 3 4 1 Padfeld b Midwiinter .... 34I T.lt. Atinson, run out ...... ... o . A. Collins,2 3 1124, b Boswick ... 13 It. Keating, 1211121 1 1 121, not out 11 If. Barrett, 12, run out ... J. S. Taylor, 211, o Passfield b Mhidwinter 4 Byes 11, leg byes 11, no balls 111 ... 7 Total ... ... ... ... 12 ,oweLINo ANALYTbs.-Mlidwinter bowled 160 balls, 44 runs, 8 maidens, 4 wickets, : no balls ; Webster 78 balls, 39 runs, maiden, 3 wickets; Beswick, 78 balls, 36 runs, 3 manidens, 1 wickets. BENDIGO.-l1T. INNINGs. T. Stewart, 132331211111132111 b Bailey ... ... 28 J. Butler, 111522111 1, bBailey ... 16 J. Beswice, 1, b Baileoy ... ... ... 1 \V. Midwinter, 12, b Bailey ... ...... 3 C. Watson, 131112111114111211 111 3, b Glynn . ... 31 A. Dunmresq, 112 1211, c?Martin, bAt kinson ... ... ... ... ... ... 9 E. J. Hartley, 1111111 lb Keating ... 9 \- Passfildl, 1 I1111, b Bailey . WY. WVobster, 3 1 1, b Keating ... . F. Conant, 1112, b Keating... ... ... (V. Neil, 2, not out ... Wides, 1111. No-balls, 11 ... ... Total ... ... .. ... 123 BIowLN?o ANALYoIs.-IBailey bowled 162 balls, 38 runs, 9 mnsides,, wickets ; Atkinson, w?6 balls, 23 runse, 3 maidens, 1 wicket ; Barrett, 24 balls, 5 runs, 1 maiden, 2 wides l; Collins, t balls, 2 runs ; Glynn, 24 bells. 16 run,, 1 mai-l den, 1 wicket, 2 wides ; ?1su.t.ag, 10 bills, 13 runs, 7 nlraden,, 3 wiekets, 2 wides. 