A Comic Contributor. A correspondent who writes from Pine Creek, and who is evidently blessed with a powerful imagination, sends the following particulars of “native murders,” which have not been generally made known:— “It is our painful duty to publish the particulars of the murder of nearly the whole of the reefers and miners located on the Union and Lady Alice Reefs, Pine Creek. From information supplied to us by our own correspondent, it appears that during the night or early morning of the 2nd inst., the miners were aroused by the barking of their dogs, and noises made by natives at a distance from their camp. Rushing out of their huts and tents to ascertain the cause of alarm, half-dressed, and most of them unarmed, they were met by a shower of spears from the blacks, who surrounded their camps. After finishing their devilish work, they loaded themselves with plunder, set fire to the camps, and returned to their own wurlies a few miles further up the creek. A few only of the miners escaped to Pine Creek to tell this sad and horrible tale. All the miners and others at Pine Creek were for pursuing and shooting down these bloodthirsty rascals, but were prevented from doing so by troopers stationed there, who threatened them with all the terrors and penalties of the law if they went out armed for the purpose of shooting or hunting the poor natives. The head authorities at Palmerston were telegraphed to and full particulars given them, and in return, they no doubt, immediately instructed the troopers to start at once with a pack horse laden with tum tum, tomahawks, knives, blankets, &c.; and to try by all possible means to reassure and pacify them, and to promise, on their behalf, that no one should shoot or molest them (except after they were speared in self defence); if they did they should be arrested, dragged down as felons to Palmerston, packed off to Adelaide, and there tried for the murder of these poor ignorant blacks, who were never taught to know that the murder and plundering of a few whites was wrong or bad. The customers of a cooper in the Highlands caused him a great deal of vexation by their saving habits and persistence in getting their tubs and casked repaired, buying very little new work “I stood it well enough, however,” said he, until one day old McCawbrie brought in an old bung- hole, to which he said he wanted a new barrel made. Then I quitted the North in disgust.” Cautious burglars—those who indulge in safe robberies Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled fellow? Because he sticks at nothing. A Cross-Examination.—When the examiner is out of temper. The Path of Duty.—That leading to the Custom House. 