AMERICA. MSOTESTANT VIEAV OF CATHOLICITY. liev. Dr. Storrs, who recently delivered a discourse on the Catholic Church at the Evangelical Alliance sums up as follows : — 'ttomanisni appeals to educated Protestants . i. As offering an authoritative teacher, always present, in whicla the mind of God himself resides and is revealed. 2. As pre senting a solid, consistent, satisfying theo logy. S. As bringing the spiritual world more closely to their minds and making their relations to it more intimate. 4. As giving greater security of salvation. 5. As offering a higher and the only true sanctity of spirit and of life. 6. As showing a long and venerable history. 7. As welcoming and cherishing all the fine arts and making them its constant helpers. 8. As promising to rebuild and purify society, and at last to possess and regulate the world. It aeems to them to have all that other systems have and to add vital elements which others lack, meeting wants which they are powerless to interpret or to supply. It draws them, to it from many sides by many influences, with a force almost like that of the physical suction of a current or a whirl pool. Once started on the; course toward it, opposing argument becomes almost power less. When it is established, it impregnates everything with its mysterious and mighty influence in custom, institution, and society. Its very str'augeness gives it -prominence in our American or Euglish society, as a palm tree attracts more attention than the oak. Some have held its docrine before in the more fragmentary form in which it is avowed by a portion of the Anglican communion in Eng land and here. Some holding the Evange lical doctrines (the divinity of Christ and the present operation of the Holy Ghost) find here what seems to them the logical com plement and the justifying reason of these transcendent and unsearchable truths, the only final aad exact antithesis to Socinianism or to Atheism. Some simply react to it from a restlessj gloomy, and uneasy scepticism. But all. are greatly in earnest. Where they go they are true devotees, and they rarely return, They are usually Ultramontanists afterward. There is nothing languid or tor pid in their conviction or reeling. They are resolute, enthusiastic, with a fire of zeal that works alike in brain and heart ; and they have a Iiope and assurance in their words of certainty and victory. Bellarmine is their favourite theologian ; Dr. Moriste is popular with them. Hyacinfche and Dollinger are ' fallen angels.' They have no trouble with the dogma of Papal Infallibility. It was desired and welcomed by thorn, as bringing the system to its legitimate and prophesied climax. They make great sacrifices for their convictions, and do it joyfully. CATHOLIC INDIANS. — FIFTEEN THOUSAND . AMOFG THE T1UBDS OF THE NORTH-WEST. A correspondent of the Catholic Sentinel gives facts aad figures concerning the work of Catho '?' Let us glame at the results achieved by the Catholic missionaries among the Indians of the North-west. According*to the latest sta tistics, furnished us by ecclesiastical friends, We give the following as the present number of Catholic Indians among the tribes and at the places mentioned : — Puget Sound...... _ ? 2,500 Sinicoe and vicinity ? 500 OolviUe ? 606 Spokane ? 300 Lower Kalispels ? 403 Okanagosis ? 107 Senaichilta ? 229 JFlatheads. ? 450 Kalispok and Kootenays ? 1,500 Bkckfeet ? 2,000 Com- d' AleJies.. ? 400 ]Srex Porcea ? 100 Kettle Fall Indians..... ? 600 Oregon Indians ? 5,000 Total Catholic Indians ? 14,695 Hei'c we find nearly fifteen thousand Catho lic Indians yet lingering, as the remnants of their once immense tribes, and all have been brought to know the true God, through the efforts of Catholic missionaries alone. These tables, too, it must be borne in mind, are not tribes of British Columbia, thousands of whom hare seen the light of Christianity, as reflected from the Cross of the Catholic mis sionary. As a sample of the privations en dured'by the Catholic missioners in their efforts to plant the Cross among the Indians, wo cite this extract from the wanderings of a Protestant artist, among the Indians of £Tort-h. America. Eighty miles from the ?Dalles, by tho banks of the Antinam, was located the Yakima mission ; of which our author thus speaks : — ' The sun was just set ting as we neared the river. We dashed dowu into the valley, that moment abandoned by sunlight. My Indians launched forward to pay their friendly greetings to the priests. But I observed them quickly pause, walk their liorses, and noiselessly dismount. As I drew near, a sound of reverent voices met me — Vespers at this station in the wilderness. Three souls were worshipping in the rude chapel of the house. It was rude, indeed — a cell of clay — but a sense of the Divine presence was thefe, not less than in many dim old cathedrals, far away, where earlier sunset had called worshippers of another race and tongue to breathe the same thanks giving and the same heartfelt prayer. Never in any temple of that ancient faith, where prayer 3ias made its home for centuries, has prayer seemed so mighty, worship so near the cur of God, as Vespers here at this rough shrine in the lonely valley of Antinam.' A friendly welcome greeted the Protestant traveller, who thus sums up his reflections on this primitive church in the wilderness. 'A strange and unlovely spot for religion to have chosen for its home and influence. It needed all the transfiguring power of sunset to make this desolate scene endurable. The mission was a hut-like structure of adobe clay, plastered upon a frame of stacks. It stood near the stony bed of the Antinam. Here dwelt two fathers of the Society of Jesus, cultivated and intellectual missioners, who had forsaken all to labour among the Yakima Indians. The good fathers were lodged with more than cojnvenfcual simplicity. Discomfort and often privation were the laws of missionary life in this lonely spot. Drearily monotonous were the days of these early pioneers. There was little intellectual exercise to be had, except to construct a vocabulary of the Yakima dialect, Such is the tribute of an astonished Protestant, who found in the wilderness the humble temple of the Catholic faith erected by the hands of the pioneers of the Cross. Like St. Peter, the Jesuits had neither silver nor gold,' but they laboured as he did, 'in Jesus of Nazareth,' and with similar fruits. 