PKOTESTANT CATECHISM wmi tui'; proofs tueueof out of the sciuptukes, in words at length. \yE leccimnend our readers to keep and put together this series for use iu their families. Tirvn.substantxation. Q. AVhat does the Church of Rome teach on this suliject ? A. 'J'hat the Ijread and Avine are truly, really, and substantially changed into the body, blood, together with the soul, and deity, and (tho Catechism of the Council of Trent says) "the bones and sinews of Christ." She teaches also, that if the bread, after consecration, be severed into ever so many parts, each part is entire Christ : If the wine, after consecration, be divided into ever so many drops, each drop is entire Christ. — See Pius IV. Creed, No. 5. Q. Upon Avhat portion of Scripture does she profess to found this dogma ? A. John vi. 51-56, and the words of institu tion as recorded iu Matt. xxvi. 28, 29 ; Mark xiv. 22-25 ; Luke xxii. 14-20 ; I Cor. xi. 23-28. Q. Has the discourse in the Gth of John a reference to the sacrament of the Lord's Supper at all ? John vi. 51 56— I am the living bread ivhich came down from heaven. If any man eat of this bread, he shall live for over : and the bread that I will give is ray llesh, Avhich I Avillgivo for the life of tlie world. The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying. How can this man give us iiis llesh to eat ? Then Jesus said unto them. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hxcejit ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and and drink his blood, ye have no life in you. Whoso eatetli my llesh, anddriuketh my blood, hath eternal life ; and I Avill i-aiso him up at the last day. For my flesh is moat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. He that eateth my flesh, and driuketh my blood, dwelfeth in me, and 1 in him. A. No. It Avas delivered at least thirteen months before the institution of the Lord's supper. Tavo iiassovers elapsed betAveen the events recorded in this chapter and the last supper. « But Christ uses the present tense— ".except ye eat," Avhich can have no reference to the Lord's suj>per, Avhich was not then in existence. a John vi. 4 — And the passover, a fpast of the JeAvs, Avas nigh. John xii. I-Tlien Jesus, six days' before the passover, came to Bethany, Avhere Lazarus was which had been dead, Avhom he raised from tho dead. Q. Bo Ilomauists themselves understand tho ptissago in John vi. literally V A. No. If understood literally, it Avould bo adverse to principles maintained by them as well as by us. The followuig erroneous doc- ti'inos Avould folloAv:— (1) That Christ's body came doAvu from heaven. "I am tho living bread which came doAvn from heaven," (v. 51.) (2) That all Avho receive the Lord's supper are 3a\H!d. ".Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life ; and I Avill raise him up at tho last day," (v. 5-1.) (3) That AAhosb- over does not receive tho Lord's supper cannot be saved. " Except yo eat the llesli of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye havo no life in yon," (v. 53.) (4) Eomanists do not receive the cup ; if this refer to the Lord's supper, they cannot bo saved. : Q. Since the passage is not received literally either by Protestants or Romanists, how should it be received ? A. Christ gives an explanation in tho 62nd and 63rd verses — " Wiiat and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where ho was before? li is the Spirit that quickeneth ; the desh proHteth nothing : the words that I speak unto you, tUoj are spirit andthey are life." As though ho had said, 0 ye Jews, ye tliinl; that I speak unto you of the literal eating oi my flesh and drinking of my blood. Thougli you shall see my body ascend up into he.aven, .will you still continue to entertain this notion of eating it ? My flesh will bo far beyond the " reach of human eating. The words that I speak unto you are life-giving words, and are to b understood spiritually. Come to me, and believe on me, for that is what I mean b eating my flesh and drinking my blood ; fo'. " he that cometh to me shall never hunger, and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.' You shall get all the benefits that flow from ur body to satisfy your hunger, and all the bencflt: of my blood to quench your thirst. Q. You think then that it is a forcible modi of setting forth the truth that we must believe on Christ and come to him ? A. Yes. That is evidently implied in the 35th verse. John vi. 35 — Ho that cometh to me shah never hunger ; and he that bcliuvcth on nu shall never thirst. Q. Now, as to the words of institution. Lei us take tho account as given by St. Luke ami. St. Paul. Wh.at did he mean by saying " thi. is my body ?" Luke xxii. 14-20 — And when tho hour wa come, he sat down, and tho twelve Apostle with him. And ho said unto them, with desiri I havo desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer. For I say unto you, I will noi ' any more eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God. And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and said. Take this, and divide it among yourselves. For I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of God shall come. And he took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gavi. unto them, saying. This is my body, which it fiven for you this do in remembrance of me. likewise also tho cup after supper, saying, thit cup is the new testament in my blood, wluch it shed for you. 1 Cor. xi. 23-28 — For I have received of tin Lord that wliich also I delivered unto you. That the Lord Jesus, the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread. And when he had given thanks he brake it, and said. Take, eat ; this is my body, wliich is broken for you : this do in remembrance of me. After the sami' manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, siiying. This cup is tho new testamen; in my blood : this do ye, as oft as ye drink it. in remembrance of me. For as often as ye eai this bread, and drink ihis cup, ye do shew tho Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whoso ever shall cat this bread, and drink this cup oi the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup. A. The words are figurative. This is evident (1) from the occasion. The passover, at which the Lord's supper was instituted, was a figurative feast. The words " this passover," used by the Saviour, could not be understood literally ; for the feast was only a commemora tion of the Lord's passing over the Hrst born o: Israel. (2) Christ calls the wine — the "fruit of the vine." (Luke x.xii. 18.) (3) The Lord's supper is evidently commemorative, "Do this in remembrance of me." (4) The Apostle three times the consecrated elements bread. (1 Cor. xi.) (5) Christ says "this cup is the new testament," (I Cor. xi.) from which it cannot be proved that the cup was transubstantiated into the New Testament. (6) Figurative language is very common in Scripture, as that Judah is a lion's whelp, a ' a Gen. xlix. 9— Judah is a lion's whelp ; from the prey, my son, thou art gone up : he stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion ; who shall rouse him up ? Gen. xlix. 14 — Issachar is a strong ass couch ing down between two burdens. Rom. iii. 13 — Their throat is ah open sepulchre : with their tongues they have used deceit ; the poison of asps is under their lips. Isaiah xl. 6 — The voice said. Cry. And he said. What shall I cry ? All flesh is grass, and all the goodlincsB thereof is as the flower of the field. John X. 9 — I am the door : by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture. John XV. 1 — I am the tnie vine, and my Father is the husbandman. 1 Cor. X. 4— And did all drink tho same : spiritual drink : (for they drank of that spiritual Reck that followed them ; and that Rock was Cst.) Q. Is Scripture opposed to transubstantia- tion? A. Yes. (1) Christ's body is in heaven, not on earth. a (2) When Christ comes in person it will be in glory.?) (3) If transubstantiation bo true, Christ is now humiliated, being eaten and digested ; whereas. Scripture sots forth the truth, that he is now gloritied.c (4) The wafer is subject to corruption, therefore if transub stantiation be true, Chri.st'a body is subject to corruption, contrary to Scripture.d (5) The Bible testifies that God cannot be made by the hd of man. The host is made, and baked.)! (6) It sets aside the great end of the Lord's supper, which was to commemorate Christ absent. If Christ's body be there literallj', the ordinance cannot be a commemoration of him !/ a John xiv. 1 — Letnot your heart be troubled : ye believe in God, believe also in mo. 2 — In my Father's house are many mansions : if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. Acts iii. 29, 21 — And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you. Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of his holy prophets since the world began. Acts vii. 56 — And (Stephen) said, Behold 1 see the heavens opened, and the Sou of man standing on tho right hand of God. , Rom. viii. 34 — Who is he that condemiieth ? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen igain, who fa even at the right hand of God, who also makcth intercession for us. I) Matt. xxiv. 30 — They sh.all see the Sou of man coining in the clouds of heaven with power vnd great glory. Acts i. 11— Wliich also said, Ye men of 'lalilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven ? rhis same Jesus, which is taken up from you 'iito heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye 'lave seen him go into heaven. Rev. i. 7 — Behold, he cometh with clouds ; and every eye shall see him, and' they also vhich pierced him : and all Idndi'eds of tho irth shall wail because of him. Even so. Amen. c Bliilip ii. 8-10 — And being found in fashion vs a man, he humbled himself, and became ibedient unto death, even tho death of the jross. Wherefore God also hath highly exalted I dm, and given him a name which is above every name. That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things ill c.arth, and things under the earth. Acts ii. 33 — There being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, wliich ye now see and hear. 36 — Therefore let all the house of Israel know .assuredly, that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye havo crucified, both Lord and Christ. d Psalm xvi. 10 — Neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption. e Psalm cxxxv. 15-18 — The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, tho work of men's hands. They havo moutlis, but Ihcy speak not ; eyes have they, but they see not. They have e.ars, but they hear not ; neither is there any breath in their mouths. They that make them arc alike unto them : so is every one that trusteth in them. Isaiah xliv. 16, 7-=-Hc burnetii part thereof in tho fire ; avith part thereof he e.ateth llcsh ; 'le roiustetli roast, and is satisfied : yea, he varmetli liimself, and saith. Aha, 1. am wrrm, ( have seen the fire. And the residue thereof 'le mnketh a god, even his graven image : ho "alletli down unto it, and worship)eth it, and orayeth unto it, and saitli, Deliver me ; for thou irt my god. / 1 Cor. xi. 26 — For as often as ye eat this 'ircad, and drink this cup, ye doshoavthe Lord's .leath till he come. rro be continued.) 