[?] Fouktii Lettkk. TO THE MOST REV. DR. VAUGHAN. 'QUi'.STION.— THE CHURCH.— fConfirtucd. i ( Pf:r favour of the Protestant Standard.) "Thou comest in such a questionable shape that I Avill speak to thee." — Hamlet. Most Rea\ Sir, — Taking up my impiiry where I loft off respecting the notes of the Catholic Church, avc come to the Apostolical succession of its ministers, supposing it to be certainly proved — a very largo concession for argument's sake. Would this be a true test? Those Arians of whom I wrote had whatever succession could be claimed by any. Judas had the true ordination, but he was a traitor. St. Paul (Acts xx. 28, Douay version) called together the ancients of the Church at Ephesus ; and, bidding them take heed to their ministry and feed the whole flock of which the Holy Ghost had made them Bishops, he warns them that it was "from amoig themsnlves," duly ordained and with immediate undoubted suc cession, "of themselves should arise men speaking orverse things to draw away disciples after them." Accordingly there was scarcely a heresy in the long .and weary list of them during the succeeding ages, which was not begun and continued by men having, equally with the orthodox, the Apostolic succession. There can, therefore, be no trusting to this as a test of truth. If there be any value in apos tolical succession, and I myself would not willingly hold it in light esteem, that value must be analagous to the long and illustrious pedigree through which many a good man loves to trace his descent from a glorious ancestry. It may be an incentive to virtue. The blazon of the ancestral shield may prove the oriilamme to the descendant in the battle of life, bidding him emulate the deeds of the founders of his family, and never to sully the name he derives from them, by degeneracy or stain. But here is no security against error, nor any exclusion of others from the fair field of good, who have no pedigree, but who are what his forefathers once were. If he fall, as many have fallen, his ancestry makes him doubly disgraced ; he is ipso facto repudiated, and those others by emu lating his father's' nobility become sons worthier than by descent. Tertullian was a great advocate for Apostoli cal succession ; but he is forced to admit it was no final test of the true Church. He says : " It is a maxim not to be controverted, that what was first delivered is evangelical and true ; and what was afterwards imported is extraneous and false. By this rule .all future heresies may be tried. But should they dare to arrogate to themselves the name Apostolic, because at that time they may have been in existence, let them produce the origins of their Churches, the regu lar succession of their bishops : so that the first in that order should have been an Apostle, or one constantly united to the Apostles. For in this manner, the Apostolic Churches deduce the order of their successions. Smyrna has her Polycarp appointed by St. John ; Rome her Clement by St. Peter; and so the other Churches. Let the ordained heretics show this. And should they invent something like it, they will have gained nothing, since their doctrines cam- pared with 'that of the- Apostles by its diversity and contrariety., will show that it came not from any Apostle nor Apostolic man. For as the Apostles would not have taught discordant doc trines, so neither would their immediate fol lowers have taught differently from them. To this rule those Churches appeal which, being of a much later foundation, as daily rising, claim not for their first bishop either an Apostle or an immediate disciple, but maintaining the same faith, they may he deemed Apostolic." The heretics gain nothing by simulating suc cession. Their doctrine being unapostolic betrays them ; but those who have not succes sion, and pretend none, are Apostolic because they have the same faith. We are prepared then for the question — If Apostolic Catholicity in unity depends not on a universal allegiance to one bishop, nor on num bers, nor on uniformity of rites, nor on succes sion of ministers, on what does it depend? He answers — Doctrine and Faith ; so answered Augustine and Gregory — as I have quoted them — so the first Catholics "continued in the Apos tles' doctrine and fellowship." Such was their only unity. " One Lord, one faith, one bap tism, one God and Father of all." — Ephesians iv. So were they addressed and defined by St. Peter (2-i. 1), " To them that have obtained like precious faith with us." — to such were addressed his Catholic epistle. So also St. Paul Catholicises, "the Church of God which is at Corinth— Avith all, that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lore! (1 Corinthians i. 2). So, likewise, agrees Ignatius, as quoted by Pearson, p. 497 : " Where Christ is, there is the Catholic Church." St. Paul anathematizes even an Apostle, or an angel from Heaven who preached any other doctrine than that he had taught." And ,St. Jude bids us contend earnestly for the faith once for all delivered to the saints. Wherever Christ's are, would be, perhaps, more correct, as recalling our first idea of a Church. The Lord's called, black or white, bond or free, civilized or savage. Papal or Pro testant, or Greek, Episcopalian, Presbyterian, or Congregational — the one test of their Catho licity, is their faith in the doctrines of Christ — that is the golden link that binds them — that the nerve that connects them with the head — that the life-blood of the body — that the cement to the foundation, "building up yourselves on yourmost holy faith." For a portion of the Church to be exclusive, to say that out of her there is no salva tion, to pretend to be exclusively Catholic, is at once to deny her Catholicity, for Catholic is total, not sectarian, embraces all Christ's, not only of Rome, or of Constantinople, or of Can terbury, or Geneva, but all. The church was Catholic in the terms of its mission — "Go, make disciples of allnations, " as distinguished from the Jewish religion which was confined to one people. It is Catholic as adapted to and open to all ; it can exist in prosperity, in adversity, in persecntion, on the throne of power ; in the catacombs ; Avherc men die for it ; on the barren shores of Fuego, or in the deadly heats of West Africa ; it can exist everywhere, can survive everything, but one ; that thing is — the faith : for in truth the faith is itself, its life, its soul. We have arrived now at the touchstone, let us apply it to sift pretentions of Catholicity, to "try the spirits whether they be of God." The touchstone is that faith once-for-all delivered to the saints, for which St. Jude bids us contend, a thing once-for-all delivered, not to develops nor be diminished, nor be modified in the least, alrdy perfected when St. Jude wrote. We easily dispose, then, of the pretentions of that broad school which pompously asserts for itself a Catholic spint, because it recognises no neces sity for any distinct faith at all ; who think the smooth surface of calm indifferentism should never be rufficd by a question as to the truth of any received dogmas, or, who rejecting all dogmas, embrace within their comprehensive system as eipially true, all creeds, and all negations, all philosophies, and all gods, in a happy family of contradictions. For in the Catholic Chiu'ch there must be a definite faith, which makes it one and Apostolic, and the same now as it was first delivered. Let us apply the test to that body which most loudly flatters itself with the name, and which, by persistent demand, has wearied many into yielding it. I am not willing to spend a syllabic in combating her darling doctrine, that the church was built on Peter (Matt, xvi.) that he was the rock, and that the connection with that Irock Peter is a note of Catholicity, What difference does it make? Peter himself was built on Christ, and if, as St. Paul says, the true Church was built on the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief corner-stone " — whether Peter were the Prince of those Apostles or not, surely the Church built on the Apostles must be the same as that built on Peter — they would not differ ; and the Church built on St. Peter, on St. Paul, or on St. John must be the true Catholic Church, for it must have possessed the faith once-for-all delivered to the sainls. " The Apostles' doctrine and fellowship," in which the earliest church continued, was that of Peter and of the rest of the Apostles. Where, then, do we find their doctrine ? Certainly in their say ings and writings. I shall not enter into the question of tradition — that is, whetlier besides writings in Holy Scripture, they have left unwritten sayings which equally express their their doctrine. Let it be granted, if you please, just now, that they have. At all events, it is agreed that we have in the New Testament their writings, and a large portion of their acts, and that these are inspired, and certainly true. Whatever then the unwritten traditions might be, they could not contradict these, nor vary in general spirit from them, nor in the analogy or proportion of the faith, nor in the emphasis laid on any particular truths. At the very outset, then, it is suspicious, nay, a presumption against the claims of any church claiming Apostolicity, that she has never sanc tioned, has never given to her people the Apos tolic writings without note or comment. "That the ordinary sense which an unaided reader would take from the New Testament has been admitted to be so adverse to the claims of that church, as that every member must renounce the right to understand Holy Scripture, except in that sense which Holy Mother Church has held arid does hold. She makes a claim to ex clusive Apostolicity, of this the Apostolic writ ings are the test, but she will not allow them to be appealed to unless she herself has forced her own non-natural sense on them. She shirks the trial, unless she is her own judge, jury, and advocate, and is allowed to tamper with the documents upon which the verdict rests. I will continue this enquiry in my next. Yours, very faithfully. ZACHARY BARRY, LL.D. 