.- TOOWOOMBA CIRCUIT COURT. Monday, July 27. (Before His Honor Mr. Justice Lilley.) Tbo Winter Sittings of the Toowoomba Circuit Court commenced this morning. Tho Attorney- General proseoutod for the Crown. unnatural offence.. John Hart was indicted with having, at CunnA- ruulla, on tho 31st May last, committed an unna tural offenco. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was undefended. The- Attorney-General stated tho faota'nf the case, and sought to establish it for tho Crown by the evidenco of, Mr. Frederick Ford, a storekeeper at Cunnaraulla,- and Lnko . ByrnO, the Sorgeaut of Polico.-, Tho dotails are unfit for publication. His Honor directed thoiury that if tho ovideuoe did not establish the capital offenco, thoy could fiud tbo prisoner guilty Qf an attempt only. Tbo jury retired for ten minutes, and returned with a verdict of not guilty. Prisoner was die- charged. \- shogtlno wxtil intent to .murder. Philip Milriek was indicted' for that ho, nn tho 11th May last, did, at Qnllhcrry Station, In tho Cuntiamulla district, unlawfully and feloniously shoot -at 'ono- Sampson, a Polynesian, with intent to murdor. A second count charged tbo prisoner witb wounding, with intent to do grievous bodily barm. Tbo prisonor pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Pring. Q.C., instructed by Mr. W. E. Marpby, of. Brisbane. The Attornoy-Geueral gave an outline of the case, and called WilUtm Binge, who deposed that ho was a labourer in the employ of Mr.-Gcnry, at QuUbcrry Station: he remembered tho 12th. May last ; ho was at Quilberry Station on that day, and was at the hut with Sampson, a South Sea Islander ; prisonor nud Sampson had a disputo about somo breakfast Sampson came to witness for his breakfast; ho gavo it liim,sendho shortly returned and aRkod for more ; tbo pltsooer did not wish liiin to have any more, snying that ho required it for another black- follow ; witness replied that Sarapaou waa working with him, and while he was ho would feed him ; Sampson turned to prisoner and said, " You nothing to do with too— ynu tooinuob stnrvo othor black- fellow an al'ercation thuu ensued ; Sampson was cutting his bread and beef iu his hand, when he doubled up his fist, with tho knife in U. and said, \- addressing prisoner. " By the Holy Ghost, old man, I'll, cook you witness thou ordered Sampson to leave tho hut ; Sampson then went outside, and tho prisoner went outside also, saying as he did so, "I'll defend myself;' prisoner walked to his own but, and fetched a doublo- barrollod gun, and re turned to the hut whoro bo and Sampson bad been first ; he carried tho gun by bis side ; Sampson at tills time was standing in tho road with bla shirt unbuttonod, bis breaat bare, and saying to prisoner, v 11 You tire— I no frightened ; suppose you shoot me I die';" prisoner walked -instdo the but ; Sampson \- then wont to his camp aud brought d gun ; bo wont to tbo door of the hut, looked in, and said, " Now, old man, you shoot, I'm ready Sampson then re treated backwards to tbo road, carrying bis gun with him, but pointed towards tho door bf tbo hut ; prisoner's gnu was. also presented at tho samo time; witness was standing between tho two; Sampson followed him, nud camu on the lino with him ; wit ness coutd.not roo prisoner,' but only the barrel of the gun projecting through the doorway ; witness coula see as tnuck as eighteen inches from the rouzzlo ; witness was in the act of putting out hie hand to sclzo Samp-on'a gun, wlion tho prisoner fired ; Sampson was then fronting witness, and a portion of the shot passed between witnoss and Sampson ; Sampson foil towards witness wlion ho .was shot, and on bxaminatlon, witness Idusd shot wounds through the: nock, on his breast, and through tho fleshy part of his chin, aud tbo blood flowed very fast ; be was choking at the time, and witness made him vomit ; the shot pierced tho gullet, and when witness gavo him water to drink, it came out through tho shot wounds, (Sampson was bore called in, and exhibited tbo wounds on bis throat and breast to the Court and Jury.) Wit ness examined Sampson's gun. and found It neither charged nor CAppad ; ho also examined Milrtok's gun, and found ono barrel disobarged, and tho other charged.- By Mr. Fring, Q.C. : Qnilborry is an out-staion of Oloverton Downs, and is owned by Mr. Geary ; witness was employed at fencing; Sampson and another aboriginal were. servants of- Mr. .Geary's, working on Quilborry -stotion ; Sampson worked, with wituesa; the aboriginal looked after'the horses;' witness bad. soou tho prisoner's horses In tho pad- duck, hut was not aware whether be rented tbo paddook front Mr. Geary ; "prisoner used tho hut where this Occurrence took place ; bad his meals and cooked them thero ; witness did not tell Milriek that Sampson and tho ahorigioal had a down on liitn ; witness csnio homo from fencing on Saturdays and roturnod on Mondays ; the ratioos In the hut on Monday wero not the prisoner's ; witness would positively swear to this ; prisoner had not, to the knowledge of witnoss, asked tho aboriginal to bring up horsed from the paddock, and he uad refused ; prisoner did say on Monday that the aboriginal was not working, and he would have no rations ; there was another man named 8tseey on the station; when Sampson mado use of the threat to prisoner, Prisooer replied. >( If you give mo any of your lip, 'U sboot you tho gun used by the prisoner was the property of witness, and witness had loaded it three weeks previously. By the J.ury : Witness could not. say that Samp son was tattooed on the bronat, but he knew be had no marks on his breast or throat before bo was .shot. By His Honor: Witness saw the blood flowing from the wounds in the throat. . . John Alexander Staccy was called, and deposed that be resided at Cunaamulla, but was at Quil berry station on the 11th May ; remcmborod somo words between prisonor ana a Polynesian named Sampson, but was not ncarenoughtoheartlium ; wit- ness came up to the hut, and saw prisoner standing at the door of tho hue with a gun in bis band, nnd Sampson outside witb a knife in his hand ; witness heard Sampson say, Como ont yon old « I'll rip yon open witnoss then saw Sampson go toliis camp, about forty yards distant, and fetch a single- barrel guo ; Sampson stood in front of the door of the hut and said, " Suppose you no sjinnt, I i-hnot him you within a minute after this witness heard a gnu fired, and he was behind his waggon when be board the report ; he saw Sampson stagger, and on examining him found he had a few scratches and saw a little blood ; there was a wound on the chin, which witness, amid tho amnsemvnt of the Court, described as haviog.bcen caused by the wind of tho shot. By Mr. Fring, Q C. : Sampson was tn a state of great excitement when he was brandishing his knife ; witness was cortaiu the prisoner never came out of bis hut after ho had seen Sampson in front of tbe hut with Ms k'nife In his band. By tho Jpry : Witness saw iSampson tbe next day, and he appeared a little stiff. This was the caso for tho Crown. His Honor SAld for the convenience of prisoner's counsel he would at once soy that he should direct the jury to 'acquit the prisoner of both counts of tbo indictment, and put tbe. case to. the jury as ono of unlawfully wounding. Mr. Fring then addressed tliejitry forthe prisoner, contending that bla cliont fired the shot in self- defence. having a well-grounded fear that his own Hfo was in dauger. His Honor summed up witb great care and ability, putting the salient features of the case clearly before the jury, and reminding them if thoy felt that the prisouer had, as the learned counsel for the defence rightly put it, u well-grounded fear that bis own life was in danger, thoy would return a verdict of not guilty ; if, however, they thought otherwise, from the facts laid before them, they would return 'a verdict of unlawfully wounding. He hoped they would decide this case apart from any footings they might onteitain prejudicial to Folyae iana. In tbe eye of tbe law the life o( every hutnan being was sacred, and if once it was toler ated that no regard Was had for tho life of a Sooth Soa Islander, men's evil passions would not bo re strained when tho life of a white man was con cerned. They must decide tho caso as fairly and impartially as If It wero tho whito man wounded arid the black man in the dock. The jury retired for five minutes, and rtturoed into Court with a verdict of not guilty. Prisoucr was discharged. All SON. Richard Ritehard JlV/fiamr wss indicted for having, at Roma, on the 1'Jth April last, feloniously aotfireto a dwelling-house, with intent to injure one Ann Canty and ono John Simpson. A second count charged the prisoner with setting fire to the said dweUingbouso with intent to iujuro oue John Canty. Tho prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was undofonded. Tho Attornoy- Genoral having stuted tho case to tho jury, callod Henry Nokes, who deposed that be was a la bourer residing at Roma: on the 19th April wit ness was working in the yard of Caoty's Hotol : bo know <ho prisonor; saw1 him ahont half-past ono on tho afternoon of tho 19th ; witness was fcaotng on tho fence, and hearing fl-otsteps behind him, ho turned and saw prisoner running across tjio yard ; ho wns running away from the prcmisos ; witness looked towards tho- hotol nnd saw smoko coming from the roof ; ho wont Into ono of tho rooms and saw wns on firo ; tho curtains wore burnt, tho bedding was burning, and the paper on tho walls was also burnt ; there was a crowa of people about the plnco wlion witness went to whnro tho flrowas, Frederick Simpson dei>osed that bo wns a bush- man living at Roma ; on tho 19th April ho was at Onnty's hotel ; ho was thero from 11 to 2. o'clock ; witness bad a conversation with prisoner in the morning; bo said to 'witness that bo bad given Canty & fivo pound noto, for whioh bo had only re ceived chango for a ono pound noto ; prisoner said he considered bimsolf robbed by Canty, and that ho would do Canty a sorious injury before hu left Roma ; there was a firo in tho house the samo day; witness assisted to put St out ; a portion of tho room was burnt, aomo of the bedding also, and the walls were scorched. By prisouor: It was under tho verandah yon made tbo throat ; Canty was then in the bar ; wit ness could not say whoro tbo prisoner was wbon the fire broke ont. . John Canty doposad that bo was a hotelkoopcr residing' at Roma and knew tbo prisoner ;. ho stayed at witness's bouse on tho 18th April ; on tho 19th thoro was n fire in witness's house ; wit ness was in tho stable at tho time \ ho hoard a cry of fire, and rau to tho house and found his wife and another man trying to put it out; he found two beds, tho lining, and a portion of the partition burning; tho room . where tbo firo occurred was callod the centre parlour bedroom ; from somti in formation recoivod, witness got a horse and fol lowed prisoner, -and found him on the Saw Mill road; wbon witness camo up to prisoner, hu .said to him, " Williams, yon have set firo to my liouso, what did you do it for?" prisonor took his coat off and said "ho would givo mo what ho had, and would m&ko; up tho datnmgo in p month ;" be also inquired tho amount of tho damage; witness taid he would tako nothing ; prisonor camo back with witness, and was handed over .to tho polico. By tbo prisoner: You '.bought a suit of cluthcs and a watch trom a man nsmod Fitzpatrick on that day; you rcinaiQod about tbo house, had your dinner, and went iuto tbe same bedroom in which the fire originated; . Danlol Gleeson was examined, but his evidenco did not AiltfOt the case, oxcopttliat bo stated ho charged prisoner with setting Oanty'a liouso on firo, and ho flatly, denied It, but refused to go to Cauty 'a when Glccson asked him to do so. ' > - / Janiea Carroll, a constable stationed at . Roma, deposed to tho arrest of tbe prisoner.- This was tho case for'lho Crown. Prisoner, in his defenco, said ho had boon fourteen years iu tho colony, anil had never been In Buch porition before. His Honor charged the jury that, under his dirco tion. thoy mnat find a verdict of not guilty on the firstcount of tho Indictment. On the second count His Honor pointed' out the several' (acts that had been adduced by the Crown to sustain it, and said that If they boliuvcd the evidenco of Mr. Canty thoy could bavo very Rule difficulty in coming to a ' conclusion. ' ' . The jury retired for a quarter of an hour, and returned with a verdict of not guilty on both counts. 1 bo prisoner wan discharged. Tho Court then adjourned until the following d ay 