ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. T" T,,E cniron OP TJIE WARWICK ARGUS. . "'»»~Aoooraing to the Authority of the Jewish Calendar, tho yonr 5034 beeius on next Saturday, tho l'itli inst,, and, according to ilto uuthortty of your local contemporary the day istlxud for Tuesday, the 22nd inst. 1 don't know whether the approaching* transit of Votitis lins «n ' influence) 011 tbis confusion of dates, hut whether or no, I submit, tho Jcwa are fetter authority for historical dates of great importance to them, than tho cpmpjlcr of a calender in a gentile-and highly genteel iiewBpnpor. 1 ormit tno to add, in conclusion, that, if the oG.tt means years since the creation, J must take the liberty oF maintaining nw own opinion. 0 Yours, COSMO. TO TJIK I5HITOK OF THE WARWICK AtlOVH. DISAU Shi,-1 liavo hoard of rewards offered for etwugo things m jny time, but none more bo than that offered here for a explanation of thut most "idiotic" effusion that ovor was penned and appcarod in tho Nratnificr and Times «»f »Satnrday fast. Your contemporary must linvc hocn very short of mattor indeed to insert Mddl fltiff. The writer might have saved Itlmsolf the trouble of informing tho public that ho iB labor ing under ft disimlered brain-his production; HpRKkn plainly enough for itself. Why, Kir, a few knowing one* their he^ds together to try and unravel the mystery but failed miserably, | even mhld not see through tho fffann (Jet nlone J the boltle) darkly. Not withstand jug the writer's | asiiortionH U>:it !io docs not drink, I'm inclined tn think his disorder arises chiefly from his too frequent vinii« to friend "John Rirloycfini," .Vki. if ii3 would save hiniBclf from further J etrongly advise liim t" <1n>jj hir) too intimate acquaint inoo with "John,' and attend to his own business, or the conse quences muy be oven worse than ho attempts to make out. It is uot the article that appeared in the Ex>mtmr and Tt»iait but the reply which ' followed in tho Argus that has cuusod so much misery, and it is because 'taws to the point aud tine, and abovo all seemed to have boon made to order for it, fitted splendidly, having had the pleasure of seeing it on ; in fact, had '' Dal rymplc" penned a whole column he could not have said nyiro than lie did iu tho few telling words, and J'in half inclined to think the ofiect WHS bo great as to bring forth the rubbish < f Saturday last. I could say much moro on this suhjcct, but I find my nerves arc getting wi\ik and my temper " strong," in fact, uncontrulablc, aod maybe the means of scj urating more friends (which wo can't afford to do iu a small plauc like this), therefore 1 had better stop. But as I do not intend to Irmihlc you again, Kir, 1 wish to fiftj' n word \ritlj wjraiv! to that *'eye sore," tho "magic lantern" belonging to the School of Arts. 1 have enquired of ono or two of the snid ooinmittoc, and tind it was pur chased with the full consent of the whole coin* mittec, utid, so far from being a hio.sio^ specula tion, is lively (o be a perfect kiicccsm, and .* Their Own" is d'cidvdhj tmuij/ instead of pivfwfhj right when lie pays the money could huvc been more judiciously expended, for, in the first place, the JCISwill still have the Government subsidy, and seven or eight pound* more, the result of the exhibition, &c.; The committee who have worked so hard do not seek 41 fame " (which the)r ready deserve), that is they will not ask publicly for it, like some committees 1 have known; but one thing 1 feel satisfied they will dp their duty whilst acting, and at the end of tbc year endeavour to give a proper account of their stewardship, ana not even leave a *#ghost" of a "white elephant" to haunt the next committee. PIJAOii. Allora, September 7, 137-1, 