If any j»reon was gasiaog' enough to be lieve that the select committee ai the Legis lative CoDnal would recotncaend a sweeping reform in the constitution ,of '4ht hnnco he mnst be tembiy disappointed by the report which was laid before theGoundlion Tuesday evening upon tins 8ubject. ,.x'he reforms pro- ; posed in fapt are no reforms at all, bati, the contrary a mere trifling with the question. ine committee recommend no change in the present qualification with respect to freehold property, and here they ignore. -one of the main principles which nnderlie' -the desire ' expressed on ill sides for mi "improvement in the constitution of that (Chamber: ...Die committee Bnggesk_ho werner,' that; an additional' qnalffication,,-so! to st leak, should beadopted — namely, that pOsstssais -hf leasehold -properfyheld for fa term of wMch ten years are unexpired, and girted at C2o0 fee. auoam, in excess of 'the vent, should qualify a candidate; or so reach Of each property as would make up ihe 'nebes- sanv amount when added tq uhatever private prtierty fce might possess. - <Soeh si fimWnta, "however, mtist have readeflin1 the ccl ony-forSye years. .Ajorm faaspd, upon this.pnaae.wosSd ontymafae mat' fusioD worse ;cp'zCKiited, and pften pazzle a Philadelphia lawyer to constrae soffiaeiitiy clear to meet the pablic -reqmrementB. -TLe ctmin&lge; ,. next, nyomnyhd that the qnalificatioh of electors enHhe reduced to £25, and that every dfaSfeortBtpd at £100 and under £250 shqdl£ juire ftwo votes, and those rated oyer _£25fl ,t3irBe. This recommendation introduces, .flhe ieystn oE> plural votii, pnd be more objecticmaUe in the genfal-ectoraZ sygtem; of this ooun&y.; j tAs dpffwiihle fn the case of local government, ?:£>ecaiise h oldens of large properties pay more fa the local neveoae than hcidas cf sinaiL. and because the farmer are more deeply interested in bow fbe monw is expended than the fatter. but no argument can justify its fnteoduc- thm nrto tim election of members of Parlia ment. eeesag that one man is as nmdi con- -cerned n the general taws maSae for his -governance as fas neighbor. Both hare their so to speak, at stake, so matter how emall or laie it may be, snd thetefore both shodd have equal voices in the dis pose ai themsdves and tlieir poseeesiobs. This recommeaiafian of the «dect commit tee is canseqoeatiy as bbjecthmafale in sjerit and tendeacy ss the other two proposals are weak in flie object they am to asdeve. " The select committee then proceed to recom mend that "the term of election should be reduced from ten years to sis, and the number of members increased to thirty- six. But no alteration in the boundaries of the provinces as tbey are now feed, is suggested- The reform proposed in; this; direction is therefore no reform at alL or at the best, so trivial as scarcely to be viewed in this light for a. moment, i The remainder of the committee's suggestions provide for no -election meeting to be held in a puhlichonse, and for the poll to be opened' ateight o'clock in the teaming : and these are about the only wise recommendations which the report of the committee contains, The committee estimate tb at, by their scheme, the somber of- -votes- for. the Legislative Council would be increased- from 28,736 to about og,40g in ratepayers alone, and this would, no doubt, be a change for the better upon the existing state of things. But, loot- ingat the scheme' as a whole, it is far and away too weak'to be worthy of general ac ceptance. a reform of rite Legislative Council, to be of any value to the comma- : nity, must be of a sweeping character. it must bring the great bulk of the people into does contact whh that Chamber, by i throwing open its -doors to the admission of worth and ability, no matter whether the possessor has money or none, and by making the roils to include all those persons who have anything life a conservative stake ' in the country. There can be no doubt the nominee system would be the best that could be affiliated upon the Legislative Conned, because it would provide a safety- valve in cases of dispute between the two Houses, and because it would lead to the best men in the more popular Chamber being gradually filtered into the Council. But the -nominee system is not popular, and therefore the . next best scheme is that which has been frequently advocated by the press — namely, the ratepayers' roll as the qualification to vote, and the abandonment altogether of a property qualification for candidates. The present system creates two Houses antagonistic to each other, and this is bound to be the result of one being returned upon the bass of universal suffrage, and the other upon the foundation of property. Two masses are thus brought face to face with each other, which are sure by the natural tendency of things to work In opposition, and this system tends to wean popular favor from the one whilst intensifying it in the case of its more vigorous and demonstrative oppo nent. If, however, the Upper Chamber were elected by the whole of the. rate-, payers, and the qualification for a member were swept away, these diffi culties would disappear, because the members then returned would express opinions more in harmony with those of the - members of the Lower House, and possess instincts more likely to win the favor of the bulk of the community than members are gifted with who are elected upon the bams of a property qualification. Add to a constitution of this nature, say, twenty-two more members; increase the number of provinces to thirteen, so as to give four members to each, and reduce the . terra of office to three years : aod a reform would be inaugurated which could not fail to win public acceptance, and to ensure a better understanding between the two -Houses. Such gigantic provinces as we have now stifle opposition, and thus lead to a number of wed thy mediocrities finding their way into the Council. The select com mittee of the Legislative Council have simply trifled with the subject, far there fore brought up a report which no rational man can endorse. Nothing more, however, could be expected from the members selected, and therefore very few persons will be surprised, or in the least disap pointed, by the result of their deliberations. The public will generally agree with Mr Casey that the fag end of a session is not the - proper time to Introduce an a men ding Land Bill.. -a- subject of this important nature requires deep thought and careful con sideration, and .it is not likely to receive either within three or few weeks of Parlia ment breaking up for the usual recess. -Still there can be no doubt that the land system of this colony is causing no .end of demoralisation, and that a great deal of the land is passing into the hands of the land as. rapidly as money can obtain it for-tbem. Even mr . Casey admits this much; for, according to bis own showing on Tuesday evening, only 80 per cent, of selectors h oxaJbrmd fttU complied with the conditions of settlement as insisted upon by the law. This is certainly a great difference to the 24 per cent, he spike of in 1872. Bat the fact still remains that one- fifth of the land applied for is taken op for fraudulent purposes-; and if- so large a proportion of swindling .as. this does not show demoralisa tion and fraud, then we should lite to know what evidence will be deemed suffi- cient by the Lands Office to establish the truth of these serious allegations. . Mr casey says there is no truth iu the state ment made by the Wimmera correspondent "bf-fcbe Ararat ' Advertiser, to the effect that jthe selectors in that district pre rapidly selling out to speculators and Squatters. Bat levciy . person ...who ' is . acquainted with " what fe. .gdbnqr mi :m that-'-ueighL borhood knows " very ' well " that the statements made by that writer are trne in every particular. Only the tands Qlfipe, =% jgnfiSsnt oft&rfsct;, and this arises from the rnanoer in » hich " the. oracle, is worked" —the purchase being made. hut the original setector stiil appearing: as the. owner of the «o3. his in' thts-way the transfers are taking place, and it ls -by tins means the Lauds ..Office -is kept m ignorance :pf;ihe! aates. Mr CASEY says -that no selection was made" iq the Wiimnera district previous ,fa/£he last thrpe yearal But: that fact proves notbmg for tire Lands Department ; Whfle' it' is your " ihodero' selector, who is reached bytthe speculator the most easily most -surely.- It- matters est; however, whether eeleeiron has taken place there recently, or ; years ago, . so "far m ti» (broad outeome .ilBdf. l8 conoenied. There can be no doubt that the sectofs in the Wimmera district are beurg botight out, and-tfae something is going oa more or less all over the country. It je taknJg ptecemsch nearer Ballarat, and it is in fau fig: IriAelDeignborhood of Ingle wood. "t'he leyil of monopoly is therefore genets3,'and aio bfr#e:4«r bang amended should be impured titas , tfcesgqfMt&T; gapecially when cobpfaiUsjtfc; the disdosnres which ace now anting fart of ; the Echnca investigations The necessity pf reform, however, is made still morepestby Mr casey's own statement thatPailySOpdr cent, of -tire sdectiims made are. inmdjiec- The real fact eff tbematteristiiatlhe lands Office deems itself boond. whenever a charge of amunij tam or evasion fa made, to and unfa defaios. by teowing that therefa no troth in it ; and all the evff arises oat of tins blunder. The Lands Office is not re sponsible for the law, or For any chicanery winch arises oat of it, and therefore it is a piece of downright stupidity on its part to aiqmna this anfcagcnstic and defiant attitude. when; it should do is. to be un sparing in itslfilosnres.abffprompt topdmt oat where and how the Act is being evaded : to famish correct returns when they me asked for. instead of misleading even its own Ministerial head, as ir certainly did mr casey in "1872; <aftd if it pursued this sensible course, the evil would "very strjn be sufied .. by -fre legitiaiion. Every crtiit is due to Mr casey for the vigor with which he is attacking dummyism, ana it is to be hoped he will continue his crusade against the dsmmies, as we have no doubt he will. Bat dummyism is only a part of the fraud" that is going on, and a very small part of it too." The wrong being done to rite community lies also in the land sharks, speculators, and squatters buying out the holders of allotments, either field on tenancy from the Crown or by purchase, and thus creating a few gigantic estates, which in . time will bechme 'a positive menace to good government, abd tend to the lands bang diverted to a pur pose that is contrary fa the welfare of-the whole people. This etfl mnst be grappled with by the Government and Parliament sooner or." later; and whether the remedy applied takes the form of heavy taxation, or merely as amendment in the law of set tlement, something mnst be done ere long to successfully overcome these flagrant public wrongs. Still, as we have remarked above, .the fag end of a session is not the time to embark in a contest against pro perly, which is bound to excite a great deal of attention and controversy. Moreover, calm thought is necessary to produce a bill of this important description, and the Ministry can only give this calm thought to the subject during the recess. The evil, io fact, mnst be borne with for a Httle while longer, so that when the remedy is applied it" will be effectual, instead of landing the colony upon some other blunder, through toomach haste beingshown over the adoption of presumably carative measures. So long as the law stands as it is, it must be obeyed by the Government, and this fact shows toe absurdity of the propositions which were made in the Assembly on Tuesday evening to meet the difficulty, pending fresh legislation. On the whole, Mr Casey is pursuing the proper coarse by holding over his bill until the next session, and in the meantime using the most strenuous exer tions to extirpate dummyism. No appeal for time, however, will be admissible after the next session has opened, and therefore no appeal of this nature must then be maa» a great deal of needless alarm has been excited by the flight of selectors into Riverina. But as these departares . merely, represent a swarm of the dummy rl»a» we can very well afford to, .look with com placency upon the occurrence, and to con- . gratulate ourselves upon "having so many less vagabonds to deal with and keep fa; subjection. The shire conntilB held their annual meetings yesterday at noon. In BalUuatshire, Councillor James Baird vas elected president : in Bnainyong- - dire. Councillor Fiiken (re-elected) : in Ban- gaieeshire, Councillor Crowley (re-efecfed); and at Araratsbire, Councillor Carroll, MX- A. Our report from Grennlleduie had not reached us when we vent to press. A petition, copy of which will be found puMirted . in another column, will be banded round Ballarat tc-iav for nature praying, the Government not to remove the girls from the Ballarat Industrial. School. In connection with this matter, it may be stated that a treat will be given to these gnhs at the school on Friday evening. This treat will consist of a substantial tea, sweetmeats, fruit, &c;_ and will be provided by the ladies and gentlemen who hare taken each n deep interest in their moral and spiritual welfare. In the evening Mr Kil- pa trick will attend at the school, and give the youngsters an exhibition of dissolving views. Several of the drapers in the city, yesterday closed their establishments ax six o'clock, and it is probable that others will follow the example. An application has been made to Government by the Magdala Company for a portion of the grant of £10,000 for prospecting purpose?, .and Mr Clarke is supporting the rf»i of the Hope well Quartz Alining Company at StuKordsbire Beef for a portion of the grant : bat as yet nothing definite as to the mode of expenditure has been de cided on by the Cabinet. Yesterday Mr Clarke, HX.A- waited upon the hon. the Minister of Lauds to ascertain why the ; reservation of the Clarendon Cricket and Recrea tion Reserve had been revoked. Mr Casey said that originally an error had been made in the survey, and the old proclamation revoked, which reserved 15 acres; and as there were only 14 acres some perches, it had been thought advisable to re- gazette the reserve, and this had been done on the 30th October last, and the laud vested in the Board of Land and Works for recreation purposes. The annual show of the . Bardie's Hill, fat, Agricultural and Pastoral Sodety wfll be held to day at the society's show-yards,' GrenriUe. Th» . exhibits are numerous and choice, and the com mittee should therefore be rewarded by a large attendance of visitors. . . It'scems that by some oversight, upon the part of the supercargo, we presume, a number of cases of periodicals, brought by the mail steamer Xnbia for "Victorian firms, have been -taken on to Sydney by the branch steamer. This has caused a great deal of disappointment amongst subscribers in Ballarat. and a telegram has been .sent by the P. and O. agent in Melbourne, ordering the instant return of these oases Among the sufferers by this blunder is- Air Hammond, bookseller, of Start street. A capture of two Chinese thieves was made yesterday by Constables Costejlo and Thompson. Anned with a search warrant they proceeded to a hut near Magpie Gully, and succeeded in finding a gold watch and albert chain, valued at Ala. which bad been stolen from Mr Isaac Davis and wearing apparel to the value of A2 16s, belonging to Lee Sam, of the Chinese Camp hotel. The ocenpien of the hut Ah Looey and Hin Wah, were taken into COBlodv, anQ vili be brought op at the Town Police Court this morning. J 'i On Tuesday night Air W. Clarke enquired of the Minister of Mines,. In the ..Legislative As sembly, bow he intended to 'flisposeof the sum of £10,000, granted Tor ., prospecting for gold and gauLr £Mr Marfay safaUhat too amdunt would be pieced on the additional estimates and introduced this -week, bat the methbd forrts disposal imd not jTOnronrideredaxyettheCabinet A inll of particulars in oonttectjoq with a case in the next Ballarat County. Court meisures over 2 6 feet ih-iengdri Twb ecfies of this lengthy docu ment will be presented To" hi? Honor Judge Bogen on the bendi. The case Sin the bands of Mr E. J. ! InwhifieT I,.t e >doe,» ' . tr.-v The xoenrgkyi of fwRytbesdale are rather tm: fortunate m': holding their annual meetings, and (rio ic-Uom menage fa deefbite-of thrir number to. fill the onerous office :of msybr without-' sevmal adioununents. ofieu acccrmbarued by asseverations ; jd-slslactibus on/mewide or other. The annual 'meeting on Tue»day) wiLS. adjourned three tupes, the hat time, until .Thursday, at poem. Hear the osudumonvd this bear of gracejaflowed on Tues day, CoandUar Ten Brinki moved—' "That the meetiog. stand adjourned ; ontil that day week." CooDcSfdi" Jones "sedihidea the motion, which was earned. However, that raeetingwiis considered an informal one, . and . subsequently the Adhri" ccmnddlora arcived (aotDe of - those previonaly present having ieft);,andit was then decided to djoarh -she meeting imtfl tseven o'dock the same orentpg; when, ias there was no qoornm, a further adjournment for an hour was agreed tm As eight :pxh. -drew viigh, dte four members preaent-vut; ; the'niayOE, and Con-nritlnrs geith, Warneckie, and Christie— waited anxiopriy lor the appearance -of Mother member, to .gtbibleAhemi to proceed to . buaiDs. - .Connojlnr.' RheridMj.!artendiril; .'but,' -having placed his rea(gtiJ|tiQn in -the hahdaxdtfae town clerirshree:daystgo,ithe may<or stated. that be was tote eonncUlar, mod .' iataaaed himtirat he wOalAnck itake Iris rote. CodntiUnrBberidan, by He bye, has withdrawn his reagaation, asi declares that he will rote, mrinwofny that his resfruauon is of no effect rmtfi received nnd accepted by the coradL CoumBlorTen Ttrihk esm 2 In, wia eh made the quorum, and the town ekxk pot ready to cam- cummesicebaQnees, whin Cmmcaior Ten Brinkpro- testedagsmst the annual meeting being then gene on with. drt a had iea aiiaurnod. as pie rioasly stated, uns3 the following Tuesday. He toen retired, leaving the ibnr esKmojlors as hdpless (fa before. After a few more mrnuief of anxious waiting, it was derided to adjanrn unt2 Thursday, at twdveooon, and tiieeoanrillors separated. Coun- Ihtoa immediately arrived .in breathless hast& only to be imonned tbey could not el Oct a mayor without him- So, for forty-eight- boors, Sniythesdate must do without a mayor, text the buigesses may extract consolation from the philo sophic remark of one of tber number — ' Thai the pin would the grass grow, the rivers run. and the tarda ring.'if "tbar august body; the: Borough Council of Smytbesdale. never met again: and the door of :he coaariL-chainber was nailed ap- . Briarive to Maisr Smith's complaint <1 Tuesday; as to the Ccrverary andioriiies requiring £15 to be paid for exErannstions to be hdd is Bdlxnt tfr XTpj font said tins was a charge levied to cover the expenses of the hoard of examiners proceeding to Ballarat, mid the necessary outlay in finding a suitable place in which ro hold the exzminatien. Tbe Ballarat students have the spten of cutiing to t Melbourne, bur at the same time "b-T could not do so but at a considerable outlay, ar.d perhsps great pexsadal fannrsirixe'vludL would not be com- peSLsated bv the fee which t3:ey have the option of paving! He promised, h o wet e-r. tJ makf- further enquiries. .... A requisition was presented to Mr George txmih, of Armstrong street, yesterday, to Stand for the eeat in the -City Coueoi vacated by the resignation of Air Cane. Mr .Smith accepted she requisition, and promised, if elected, to do the best lie could to fnrtTwr- fag material interests of the citizens. - . Mr Justice Molesworlh on Tuesday granted to fbe curator of intestate astaras a rut.- to adminis ter the estate of TViliam yewtnan. Ballarat. The amount of property sworn to was £545 17s. A special meeting of the Hospital Committee, to appoint a dispenser, was held list night : present — the president (Mr George Smith). Messrs BL Lewis, W. Cameron, A. Anderson, Ackman, Levinson, Glover, Brophy, Oaxton. Permewan. Oegg. Heater, and VTrigley, the Bev. Father Ellis, and Dre Xkholson, Burier. Badclifib, and Hndson. The bon. mediesl officers bad selected three gentle men for the office, viz. : — Messrs Armstrong. Tcm- linsou, and Orr. A ballot was taken, which re sulted in the ejection of Air H. C. Armstrosg, be bating secured nine votes against seven for Mr Tomlinson. A formal resohrtioD was then carried appointing Mr Armstrong at a salary of A 12 10s per mouth; the first month to i» on trial The president stated that Mr James Campbell had pur chased a valuable painting in Borne, and intended to present it to the institution. The meeting then terminated. The question of bow to maintain the roads when the tolls are abolished was discussed at the meet ing of the Bsngareesbira Council yesterday, and eventually it was agreed to petition the .Legislative Council against the abolition, and to interview Mr Henry Cnthbert, ALL.C- on the subject. At the City Police Court yesterday, two boys, named Lnpton VTratbali and Joseph Thompson, were charged with having assaulted Arm Alary Gurnej. Tbey had been attempting.- to steal paidls, and assaulted the girl for preventing them. Thompson was sent to the Industrial School for six yeas, and an order made against bis father for 5s a week. An old man named Walker, who had been arrested for vagrancy, was discharged. An adjourned meeting of the Caledonian Society was to naTe been held last evening at the Edin burgh Castle hotel but in the absence of the treasurer (Mr Greenfield) a farther postponement was agreed upon. . An unfortunate man named Roxburgh, a shoe maker residing at Alfredton, caused considerable excitement in Start street yesterday by bridging in boisterously hit annus conduct- At the request of his friends, he was taken away to what is literally a place of " durance vile" but which is the only receptacle provided in Ballarat for persons suffer ing from " that le« infirmity of noble minds." \- It will be rather hazardous, for the present at least, to eat the fish known as whitebait. A tolerably large consignment has found its way info , Ballarat fromCresey.in the Woady Yafioak district; and it has been discovered by a medical gentleman . that tbey are swarming inside with tape-worms This is a fish that is common in nse amongst the Chinese, who dry and fry tbem, ami who, it is presumed, by this means destroy the parasites Europeans, however, would do well to avoid a de scription of food which is accompanied by such a drawback. Those of our local anglers who have been send ing to England for their rods, or purchasing im ported ones fa Melbourne at a cost of £4 4s or £5 os, will be surprised to learn that better ones are bring made in Ballarat for about half the money. Yesterday Mr J. Saffron, of M' William street, Off Webster street, showed us several of the rods he has recently made, and we have no hesitation in saying that in many respects they are better than the imported ones. Three woods — viz, ash, hickory, and lancewood — are used, and the result is light and " useful rods, capable of Bliiny a fish of nearly any wrigbt, Br King, whose authority in these nutters should go a long way, offers to gnarantee the excellence of the rods, so that 3!r ScfEran should bare no difficulty in disporing some of the results ' of his industry) After a long discussion, it was resolved at the meeting of the Boninyougshire Council .yesterday that the annual donation of that body to the Bene volent Asylum should be withheld until the com mittee of that institution furnished a list of the names and addresses of all recipients of charity living withm the shire boundary. It appeared to be the general opinion that either the number of recipients had been overstated, or that all those receiving relief were not entitled to it. Some little soreness was also shown with rcgdrd to the manner in which, the letter from the council- asking for in formation, was received by the committee. The council was quite unanimous with regard to con tinuing the annual donation, but considered that the present and all future cases recommended for relief should he submitted to some one of the members. A young man named James Moore, residing at -SriustqpoL, .was xrorkiug in a jump-up in the Mo. 1 claim of the' Band and' Albion Consols yesterday - morning, when the air became so bad as tx> compel him xo descend c and while doing so he fell down a bright of about 30 feet, and received bad braises to his back. Another young man, Henry Leonard., vho was engaged in carting' firewood to the Black Hill r-fsim. met with an accident about noon yes terday; while near the Junction, Bungaree, .be' was getting off his dray and stood on one of the spokes of the wheel, when the horse started, and his leg befog drawn within the wheel, was seriously braised and Sprained- Both the above' sufferers were admitted to the Hospital. — About seven o'eifkk yesterday morning Constable Cossidy found a woman lying in an uncbnkcions state on Clayton's Hill, and had her conveyed to the Hos pital. On recovering consciousness, she gave her name as Maria Hendtick, and stated that at the rime of the seizure she was on her way to the Benevolent Asylum for her ration; -as an out door patient. The medical opinion is that the woman suffered from a naralvtic attack. The eeBs at the Western lock-np were un tenanted up to a late hour last night. A remnrk marie by Air Joseph Jones. ALL. at a reewt meetingin Ballarat, to the effect thai, the " scrubby Council of Baniny-ongshmr was not lo be compared to the City Council. " -led' to ate animated discussion at the raeetine of the former couucil yesterday. Councillor Howard opened the question, ami proposed a vote of censure upon the hon. gentleman: "but milder counsris prevailed, and a resofotioa was arrived at — thati Mr Jones to asked. to explain his remark. ;. 5-Jt , - We think there has been so rnoeh said of late with reference to repudiation, that it would be a pity'to wake Its ghost now that the. offender is dead and buried. We must therefore. decline jo, publish .Afr George's letter, though any sensible proposition with regard to the future of the finsnro. of the city will be wilfingiy inserted. — rv Mr W. Belts, of Durham street, wishes us' to state that lie is not the man who was fined 40s 'in - .the Police Court the other day lor the use of in sulting language. ; A meeting of the Hartley and Sims oiucerl com- - mittee was "held on Tuesday evening,- in the Town Hall, -SebastopoL for the purpose of winding-up the accndhfsTn connection vriihlhe concert. Mr Base -was in the chair. : The balance-sheet .showed a total receipts of £24 14s- 6d, and expenses' amoOriting to £8 '8s 2d. This left-a balance of "£1G Ge 4d, which the committee requested Mr CbghOI' to divide' equally between the two widows. The .account were paseed for payment, and the secre tary was instructed to. thank the ladies and gentle men who assisted in making the affair so success fuL A vote of. thanks wag. also passed to Air CoghM for his labor as secretary. We tear that the locusts are swarming from. New" South Wales across the Murray to "Victoria. The conn cry behind them loots as bare as though the end of a very dry summer had -just beep reached. -This will be cheerful - newt for toe' farmers, gepeiialljf when read in connection , with the prngraphwhito appeared in out yesterday's issne as to the swarm" travelling -towards toe St. Arnaud district. Thousands' of yonng locusts are Uso iepotted tohave made thrir appearance near rWoq0end, pn thkMount Alexander line. ,r Jfr CteHhnnii (liefafo offiortiMr Young (town" gagrgypr), ;and,6ergeant .LBtPttXtown inspector). - yesterday inspected the majority of the workrooms n Ballarat Eash In several instances it was found that the ventilation was'xj' defective, arid ; that 01 her requirements of ifce.act hwd.atot.totet carried out. The health effieet (-will submit special report (to .toe" next (meeting of tire local basrd, and itis probable thai proceedings will then be ordered with a. view to compelling ibe owners to remedy the evils. A " Mother T complains that as far daughter was -walking along toe street /at the Sedan on Tuesday riight, some boys snatched alerter from ha hand, which she was going to post, and ran away with iL Our correspondent suggests that the police florid occasionally visit" the neighborhood of toe Cutting Star cfaiin. where larks of tore nature are one freqnenrtoaa pleasant. Lines on the toafa by "St George and the MHlex"" -are respectfinlly deriined. The time for receiving -tenders for tbe erection or a pascmiper station art Talbot has been extended toFriday, the 27th instant We have received the first nnmberof the Sradn Xhasmax, a weekly paper, wltieb'fcas ins: appeared in Sydney. It is publiriied on Ssnday moraieg, and scans to hare strong anti-Sabbatarian procB- ' vines. It scans by the Telegraph that there is no truth is the staxemecr, that arrangements had been made with the railway by the Spiritualists for holding a picric at Mount Maceden' on a future Sunday, The second reading of the Mining 00 Private Property Bill is to be moved in the Assembly next Tufaday. . Air H. B. Murray requests us to correct an error which occurred in our yesterday's issue, to rise vffect fast toe style under vrhito he carries on business is IL II Murray and Co. Air AI array has no partner in his business. Another dead body of a man was found on the hanks of the River Murray, dose to Mr Robert Glass" homestead, Wbarparilla. The deceased is supposed to hare been drowned in toe Murray, and been floated on to the took, by the wash of a steamer pasting." The police have hot heard of any oto bring sussing. Sutaliurst (says the Ape) is to he disappointed no longer, it seems, in toe matter of its Boman Catholic bishop. The Bev. I Ir Crane; O-ti-A— prior of the St Augustine's Convent, John street , Dublin, was consecrated Bishop of Sandhurst, on ISth September, 1674, in the cathedral, Dublin, by tie eminence Cardinal CaKen- Dr Grant bad but recently returned from America, where he had been collecting for the bonding fund of toe new church of his order in Thomas .street, Dublin. It will be interesting to know that at the period of the ceremonial " Dr Croke, Bishop of Auckland, New Zealand ; and Dr Qoiuc, Bishop of Batocrat, New South Wales, were officiating' occasionally at the cathedral.'- The ArdUKsbop of Melbourne, the Most Bev. DrGoold, together with the Bisbqps of Sandhurst and BaUarat,:are expected to arrive in Melbourne by the mail "steamer reaching Hob- son's Bay about the 13th of December. Deputa tions from Sandhurst and Ballarat will arrange to the bishops si those places ou toar arrival in Melbourne; The Athataxa, of the 3rd October, says thatthe author of the redoubtable volumes, entitled " Super natural Befigfon,' zs Dr Vance Smith. We see by the Herald thai the young man Beamish, who embezzled funds belonging to Messrs Josephs andCo_ of Sandhurst, pleaded guilty yes terday in the police court, and was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. - The homeward voyage of the ship Essex, which left the Heads on Sunday morning for London,! apparently (says the Argas) not to pass over with out incident. On the arrival of toe steamer Tamar on Tuesday "evening from Latmceston, Captain Saunders reported that early in the afternoon, whim off Cape Schanck, he picked up a life-boat with " Essex, of London," painted on it. The oars and otba gear were lashed inside, and there was part of a davit attached to the boat. It is con jectured that a cea struck toe Essex with such force as to tear the boat away from the davits. Leave of absenoe has been granted to Jtir Jus tice Molesworto from the loth of next month to the same day in February. His Honor proceeds to New Zealand for toe benefit of his health. By a private letter from Noumea, the £. If. Herald learns that " after a protracted trial before a military tribunal of -seven -officers, H. Walien- stmn, charged with aiding the escape of Messrs Henri Bochefott and others, has "been acquitted. Though acquitted, he has not been released, as toe authorities alle there are. other charges against him. M. Tremerano, who was dismissed from the command of the rural police by order of Admiral Bihonrt, was tried on the 5th instant fa threaten ing to shoot M. Laser (president of the Supreme Court) and another Judge. This case caused con siderable excitement from the fact that AI- Dese- mtux, toe ablest advocate in the colony, who de fended the prisoner, caused a division in Ins faTor by insinuating that his client, bring a Freemason, was persecuted by the Cltramontanes. The Pro- enrenr de la Bepnblique prosecuted. Judgment was to be delivered the day after toe Egmont sailed. Quite a latter feeling has been engendered by the antagonistic position taken by toe Free masons to those who are styled Elreamonianes, and Nonmean society is fast becoming divided into these two factious.' " The attention drawn by toe discussion in "Parlia ment ok the illegal manner in which some local bodies had contracted overdrafts has evidently frays t he Herald/ made bank managers timorous. The local manager of the Bank of New Sonto Wales has written to the Kyneton fAwmnil calliiqr upon them to take steps to reduce thrir overdraft, with legal hints. We are compelled by pressure on our space to hold over a number of letters and other tnsrtor until to-morrow. A New York journal, fee Eeo tf Italia, speaks of a musical prodigy who is expected to arrive shortly, at Milan, there to complete her education. Sbe comes from Honolulu, being a native of the Sand wich Islands, and is said to possess a "marvellous voice. The Eco further adds that in her childhood this interesting Jenny Lind in embryo was a /Afl-nnihnl, 