FIGHTINGS WITHOUT AND WITHIN. (From the Paris Correspondent of the True Catholic.) The war ecclesiastic, in which true Catholics arc engaged in this land, still continues with varing result, both as it regards opposition and internal dissensions. We may turn first to the battle-ground at Versailles, where, during the past month, we have to record both an advan- tage and a repulse. It was proposed in the National Assembly that the attcndauce of non-Romish soldiers at the Popish services of the Mass should henceforth be dispensed with. Now that the whole popu lation must perforce be military, it appears but reasonable that soldiers — Protestant, Jewish, Mohammedan, or even infidel — should not he compelled to yield what they would regard as idolatrous homage to the Papist's fabled deity. The motion most energetically proposed by M. . Alfred Andrei, and valorously sustained by M. de Pressensc was to this effect: "That in the case where the presence of troops under arms at the religious solemnities of the Roman Catho lic Church is ordered by authority, Protes tants and Israelites may be excused from such attendance by their previous application to be exempted from a service which would involve a violation of conscience on their part." This most just and reasonable proposition was rejec ted, and the "conscience clause" is not yet allowed. Meanwhile, the dominant Church will have to deal either with hypocrites or mar tyrs in the army. On the other hand, we have to record an un expected success just gained on the same field. It may be remembered that M. de Pressense, some time since, proposed a modification in the law which has hitherto placed such vexatious difficulties in the path of those who desired to open places for the preaching of the Gospel. The Bill which he has applied for leave to bring in, is thus conceived : " Meetings which have the character of religious worship exclusively, rmrl wIiaha nnlv nhiAPi. ia AYArA.iRA rvf smnVi worship, are legalized, it being required only that a week's notice previous to the commence ment of such meetings shall be given to the municipality of the district." The committee charged to examine this proposition have by a majority of nine votes to five, reported favour ably upon it ; but this bill has not yet become law, and it is too much to expect that when it comes to be read, a- majority in the present Assembly will permit so liberal a measure to be carried. The slight advantage gained will scarcely be maintained. The following fact may illustrate the necessity which exists for some change in the present law, which permits the most frivolous and vexatious excuses to hinder the preaching of the Gospel. M. Laune, of Levaveix-les-Mines, in the depart ment of Creuse, applied lately to the prefect for authorization to commence a service where more than the legal'twenty persons might be expected to be present. The indefatigable Secretary of the Evangelical Society, M. Fisch, had before made all necessary enquiries, resulting in the assurance that permission would be granted, on formal application by the pastor and a delegate from the society. The application was made accordingly ; a whole fortnight passed on with out a reply. At last the circumlocution officials break the silence ; they have discovered how not to authorize the service at the order of the prefect of the department; the sub-prefect of the arrondissement writes to the mayor of the Commune to this effect : Inquiry has been made, and information has been obtained that there are no Protestants in the commune referred to, and that .therefore the Mayor was requested to inform the pastor that it was not permitted for the prefect to grant the authorization which has been applied for. This is but one specimen of the almost intolerable hindrance to which our Evangelists are exposed in this most Christian ,T land, and this well-nigh closing nineteenth century. ' Another department of the warfare carried on by the Church Militant towards thoso unbelievers and internationals who are outside its bounds, may illustrate how far the system that calls itself Christian and Catholic is imbued with the spirit of the meek and holy One whose life and doctrine told of love even to enemies. It has come to light that secret have been organized within the so-called Church to oppose the asso ciations that exist without, committed to ultra opinion, both communistic and infidel. Hear the oath administered to those who received the "blessed glove," from the hand of the priest, in token of their initiation into the order : "In the presence of Almighty God, Father' Son, and Holy Ghost, and of Mary, ever Virgin immaculate, I swear to remain firm in the defence of the holy cause which I have embraced, and not to spare any individual belonging to the infamous sect of the ' ' Liberals, " whatever their birth, connections or fortune, and to shed, to the last drop, the blood of these infamous men. In a word, I swear implacable hatred to all the enemies of our holy Roman Catholic religion, the true and only religion." How far certain persons under the power of the Court of Rome have been committed to this abominable society — rivalling the "Assas sins" of ancient days, or the "Thugs" of modern times — is one tiling ; how far the gene ral multitude of Catholics are committed simi lar principles, is another. The great majority are probably ignorant of the existence of such atrocities. But the spirit which has existed amongst devoted Papists, and which has led to such developments, may go far to account for the well-known opposition to the priesthood and to religion itself, as far as its identified in their thoughts with priestisin, which has been manifested by poor deluded Communists. This spirit of abhorrence of that which claims to be the one Church, the embodiment of religion, is not extinct amongst the working men of Paris and of France. This may be seen by the fol lowing fact. All the workmen who are employed at the Opera accompanied the funeral procession of one of their number, lately deceased. They arrived at the door of the church, but not one of them would enter. The men of this order prefer as a rule what is called the civil inter ment, for their friends, where the intervention of no priest is required. It is not always safe, however, for those who are under State control to be found at these, non-religious funerals. Very lately, in the department of the DrOine, one who had paid the last mark of respect to a deceased neighbour, and, though a Protestant,' had thought it right to be Dresent at a " civil " funeral, was dismissed from Government employ. 