English Mail HOME MISSIONS. London Mission of 1874. — Amongst tbe more favourable signs of the times is to be reckoned a great gathering of the clergy of the three dioceses which include or touch on the metropolis— London, Winchester, and Rochester — preparatory to the special mission services which are to be held this month. The first part of the day's proceedings was devotional. A vast bodj' of incumbents and curates assembled in St. Paul's Cathedral, forming a most impressive scene The short service was begun bjr the singing of the ' Veni, Creator Spiritus,'and then special addresses were delivered by the three bishops in succession. The episcopal invitation runs as follows : — ' Reverend nnd Dear Brother — Assuming that you are prepared to take part in the Mission to be held in the metropolis in February next, we would ear nestly invite you to oin us in a special service of prayer and meditation, tobe heldin St. Paul's Cathedral on Tuesday, 4th November, athalf-past eleven o'clock, and to be followed by a conference of incumbents, which will be held at King's College at half-past two. Conscious as we must all be that the work we have set before us will, without G-od's-blessing, be fruitless and futile indeed, let us in faith in the promises made to those who shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, unite our fervent prayers for a special out pouring of the Holy Ghost ; for the quickening of the love of God and of the Lord Jesus in our own hearts and in those of our people ; for a deeper sense of the worth of immortal souls ; for more earnest ness and self- denial in our efforts to win them for Christ ; and for a great gathering into the true fold of multitudes now wandering and lost in the ways of sin and death. It will not be possible to include our lay brethren in this service, but we would suggest to you the desirableness of inviting such of your parishioners or congregation as are prepared to assist you in the .work of the mission to a special celebration of the Holy Communion on the morning of 4th November, or on some morning in the same week.' Speaking to the clergy, not (the Bishop of London said), as a bishop, but as a brother parish priest, his Lordship referred to the time, several years ago, when he had charge of a large parish in the metro polis, and said if he were invited as a parish priest to take part in such a mission, he should have to ask himself these two questions. This was a special effort made for a, special purpose ; it would have no meaning and no object were it not that there were many things left undone which ought to have been done. He would, then, have to ask himself if his ministrations in that parish had failed, and if so, to what cause was he to attribute that failure. To the first of these questions there could, he thought, be but one answer. Who could venture to say that his ministrations in any parish had pro duced the effect which he could have wished them to produce, or that he had succeeded in all that his prayers and efforts had set before him ? He did not believe that the most faithful pastor of the smallest parish would venture to say that he had succeeded in carry ing out the ideal which the Church set before them all when she ex horted them in the ordination service never to cease to labour until they had done all that lay in their power. If that were the case in the Smallest parish, what must they feel who had had consigned to their charge 5000, 10,000, or even 20,000 souls ? What could any of them say but that there was very much left undone which ought to have been done 1 The next question was — ' What do I find in myself to Which I must attribute this defect?' He prayed God that there might not be one of those seated before him who, when he looked back now or hereafter on a ministry of nearly 40 years, might find so inuch cause for humiliation and self-condemnation as he himself found. As far as he was concerned, it arose from want of faith and want of love — from want of faith in God in doing His work, and want of love to the Lord Jesus Christ and to those souls for whom He died. Upon these two points his Lordship dilated earnestly and at considerable length, narrating the following story ere he con cluded : — The clergyman of a large parish was sent for suddenly to attend a sick man who had been in health and strength a few days before. He knew him to be a man of great talent, large acquire ments, blameless in life, amiable in disposition, but a sceptic and an unbeliever. The clergyman pondered anxiously as to how he was to act in such a case. He was shown into a room by himself, despairing almost of what he was to do. He threw himself upon his knees and prayed earnestly, wrestled in prayer that God would deal with the poor stricken soul, would reason with him, convince him, and convert him to the faith of his Saviour and his God. Time passed, and then the patient's sister, a pious woman, came down stairs, with joy beam ing in her eyes, saying, ' He is praying to God through Christ, pray ing humbly and hopefully. He believes.' He need not tell them how that pastor's heart swelled -with gratitude when he heard those words, but he was obliged to add that the man was surprised because the God of truth had heard the prayers which He had taught us, and which He will always hear when they arc put up to Him in faith in the Kedeemer's name. After meditation and a hymn, the Bishop of Winchester delivered the second address, taking for his subject the motive that should animate them in such a work as that in contem plation. The love of Jesus, crucified, risen, and enthroned in heaven, inevitably resulted in love for all on behalf of whom Christ died. Yet he would ask whether the very refinement of Christian love did not sometimes make us loathe those we ought to love. Christianity had a civilising and refining effect, and we might be led to shrink from contact with that which is polluted. We' must try and school our selves to love those amongst whom we laboured in mission work as ruined temples of God. All human nature was part of the nature of Christ incarnate, but sin was no part of it. Each of those fallen was among those whom He came to save. He prayed for them on the cross. He prays for them on the throne. So must we school ourselves to love them. Love alone would find its way into the hearts of those we ought to save. Their lives, he said, were hard, and their natures impervious to fear or shame ; but not to love. Next to the instinct of food and warmth, the instinct of love was the most natural. Scarcely any were so lost as to be insensible to love. A chord might be struck in the darkest heart if there were a chord in unison with it on our part. The very worst case, perhaps, was those who had followed that counterfeit of love, 'lust, hard by hate ' yet the victims of this were sensible to love. When Howard was wa'lking the streets, one of those wretched girls put her arm into his. He simply turned, and said, ' Poor creature ! ' and she burst into tears. We try police-courts, courts of justice, and penitentiaries, but how seldom love crept into the poor homes of our great cities ! Love never despaired. It alone could make us hope against hope. All had seen how, when a little one is given over to die, a mother would so hope, and the infant sometimes be spared to her. So would the Christian pastor tend those who to all others seemed hopeless. So he commended this to their hearts as the motive principle of action. Another interval for prayer ensued, a third hymn was sung, and then the Bishop of Rochester delivered his address. He devoted, himself almost exclusively to the mission part of the. subject. Men went to hear preachers, but there was a vagueness in what they said. The preacher spoke to a great listening crowd, but the congregation wanted something to make them feel as David did when Nathan said, ' Thou art the man.' Missions were designed to meet the great need — the craving of our souls — by one coming to us and offering to share our perils, saying, ' Sin has brought us into the same state, w.e must help one another, and stand by one another.' It was the desire to help their fellow-sinners which had brought them together that day in that most solemn assembly. The humblest and most distrust ful man present who took upon himself the office of a missionary might sow some seed which should bear fruit long after the sower had gone to his rest. What could be less in accordance with the world's idea of an assault upon a stronghold than the proceedings of a mission ? A few men going forth in the morning, receiving the Holy Communion together, occupied themselves during the day in seeking out any who could be spared from their employment to hear a few words addressed to them about their way of life, their trials and temptations, and their hopes of heaven. They assembled together at nightfall for the preaching of the Word of God, and then and there those who had felt the Word of God in their hearts knelt down and asked God for pardon, strength, and grace. That was the course of a mission. 'And,' it might be said, ' do you really expect to break up the strongholds of sin by such strategy as this ? ' Yes, they did expect to do so, because God was on their side, because they had carefully surveyed the stronghold on which they were about to make an assault, and they knew that it was not im pregnable to the forces which they could bring to bear upon it. ' What, have you surveyed — shall I call it — Pandemonium, the very kingdom of darkness, places where men assemble by troops in the harlots' houses ? Have you surveyed those places, blazing with light after nightfall in the streets of our cities, where, hour by hour, the victims of intemperance allay the thirst that consumes their vitals by the fiery draught, and only find when too late that there is death in the cup ? Have you surveyed the Temple of Mammon, in which mil lions worship ? Have you mixed with all sorts and conditions of men, and seen the miserable motives which actuate them 1 Have you gone into the sanctuary of God, and ascertained how very few of the wor shippers are worshipping in spirit and in truth ? ' ' Yes,' they answered, ' all this we have seen.' These and all other things were naked and open unto the eyes of Him with whom they had to do. His Word had revealed those things to them ; but there was one thing more which they knew by the same Word — namely, that there was in every one of those sinners against their own souls a secret sense of ' disquiet, a consciousness of sin, a certain fearful looking forward to a judgment ; and let no man suppose the contrary. Was it too much to say that Jesus Christ, as He stood proclaiming in the cities of Judah ' rest to the weary and heavy laden,' pardon to the penitent, the easing of the yoke, the lightening of the burden, to all who would , come to learn of Him, the meek and lowly in heart — was it irreverent to say that Jesus Christ Himself was the first and true missionary ? Their mission was to put men near Him who said, ' If any man thirst, let him come unto Me and drink. My flesh is meat indeed, and My blood is drink indeed. I, if I be lifted up from the earth, shall draw all men with Me.' The Liverpool Mission Week.— The Rev. C. B. Snepp, of Perry Barr, thus describes the proceedings : — ' The arm of the Lord has indeed been revealed, the outpouring of the Holy Ghost has indeed been felt ; and such a shaking in the great city as Liverpool never before witnessed ! Thirty-seven churches open daity, and many of them twice, for preaching 'Jesus Christ and Him crucified.' Large congregations, increasing every week-day evening, in all the churches (as far as I can learn), and composed of all ranks, and classes, and ages, from the wealthy merchant to the humblest poor — yea, the very class most difficult to get, those who seldom or never come to church, men and women too in their working clothes, some with out bonnets, and with upturned sleeves, just come from work ; and the poor drunkard and the infidel were there, as I can testify. And, as we preached Jesus Christ (I speak advisedly in the name of many), we felt the power of the Holy Ghost was with us, guiding and accompanying the preached word ; riveting the attention of the great body, pricking their conscience and creating deep impres sions, of which their countenances told ; the fixed eye, the intense interest, the solemn stillness — you might sometimes have almost heard a pin drop — all told of a Divine Power of blessing, which has greatly cheered our hearts. The after-meetings were composed, in many instances, of almost the entire congregation, and, we believe, many were enabled to find pardon, peace, and life in Christ.' The Protestant Classes Movement. — It is reassuring to see that the activity of the promoters of this movement is unabated. The winter session of the Protestant Educational Institute for Lon don has made a favourable commencement. There are twelve classes now established, attended by about 1200 students. The activity of the Rev. R. Maguire in this work extends far beyond London. We have before us the report of the first of a series of eight lectures to be delivered in the Cambridge Town Hall. The Cambridge Express states that 'the lectures delivered last year by the rev. gentleman Avere attended with much success and advantage. They present a field of instruction to persons desirous of making themselves acquainted with the history, the martyrs, and reformers of the church ; and as the lectures are free, no one who can spare the time should lose the opportunity of obtaining the valuable information and instruc tion which Mr. Maguire imparts. The competition for prizes after an examination are this year are open to both sexes, and nine are offered, the first being £10 and the ninth £1 ; that is to say, provided that the answers shall possess sufficient merit.' The introductory lecture of the present series was presided over by Dr. Perowne (the Mayor taking his place when compelled to leave), and there was a good attendance of young women [this is a, good feature] and young men, In Concluding an excellent discourse introductory to the series which will open up the history of the church, Mr. Maguire alluded to the results of the last year's examination,, observing that an equal por tion of the awards were distributed between town .and gown. The first prize went to a townsman, the second and third to gownsmen, and the fifth and sixth to townsmen. This year they who went in for examination would have to compete with gowns with bonnets as well as gowns with caps. He advised the young men to look very , sharp after the first-named, as we lived in days of woman's rights. 