BUCICLING-TO. (From the Queen.) To shirk a disagreeable task that has to be done,, witk.good-will or with out ; to try and evade the inevitable and postpone the necessity-;. to stand shivering on the brink when the plunge must perforce bo made, and the sooner it is made tho sooner tlie shook and. its- consequences--'will be over r to' waste- our strength in fretful: anticipations oPf&tigue;, and to substi-, flute dilettanteisrn for honest work, peiv fuTiotoriness- fbr bravo'. endeavour— ' these.ways of living, though.too much after the manner of half-hearted men; .are tlie w-ays which lead to ruin and destruction Take the case of a man.whose affairs ara- goiug wrong, aud whose books sliow a perilous" inclination towards Basingliall-street. .Obviously the only rational thing1 i'or him to do is to buckle to at once^' go into his affairs, check his expeudituro; cut off-his super fluities, and lift his cart from the rut of bankruptcy into which it is fast 3inlcing. But if he.has notrthe energy of comraon sense necessary for this ? If ho delays for- tbisiliopo, for that fear ?r if now this problematical gain is to be: made,, that bad debt paid up. ? if his wife's- delicate nerves" need manage ment, and the state of her health de mands a carriage ? if he must strain one point for his son.on: entering into life, aud- another for his daughter:: on b'er first season ? if shadowy., fingers slacken tho straps, and;the mildew of fallacious hopes rust";'fcbe buckles ?— whatcantherobe but irremediable dis aster and ageneral-collapse as the re sult of these insane attempts to shirk a-painful task.and evade the inevitable? If he had-had 'the courage of his situa tion,- and- buckled-to: at' the first, he might-have-retrieved all that had been . lost,'and made goo'd^his future position., B was simply a> question ■ of; prompt ness aud daring—of b'uckling to with aiW'ill.- But he' temporized and de layed,: slackened this- girth,., loosened tbafc. - strap,, let: ends fly. looso and buckles slip, hoping.'rather than doing, and looking to -that stalwart Hercules in theiclouds, or. to-the machiuo where ; be thought was hidden the god that vvould:set all things right, with a nod of his; bead,', rather-than "trusting to• .Himself, putting' his-shoulder nudor the wheel and,.buckling.- to • liko a-Trojan: Tn-consoquenco of. which ho comes to : the grief anyone but himself, could see was foredoomed,- and upset th'o whole concern1 into the ditch;. This is one I'osulfc'ofitbat'foolish temper which will nofc'acco'pti cheerfully; what' it' cannot avoid by any. ingonnity in tho • world,;; and: which does not' reflect' that tho inoro closely; fitting tbe- harness the ■ easier it is to draw- tho load.. Again,, "n- man,-- or- it: may b'o a woman, is; put -into> a- situation un congenial to hisvor•>ber;-;nature and inclinations, orjo :;whicb gives all that is« not• wauted, and denies . all • that' is; But .iti: is- duty:;;has to ■ be porformed 1 somehow - and', circumstance is like' av brazen, towor-- with■ no back',door, only tho-possibility of dashing out hot Urains-" from impatient' heads when tliey< Icnock Ihomselvcs against- the orueli walls,- and. will not make the tfesfcof- what they cannot' help.. It is ai iJiity which, . given > up in the one oaso, inoludes; the■:/; giviug.vup.' of the means of sabsiBtenco,', with'/ mayhap,• 'no* background if .grudgingly .and complainingly done ■ in< tho' other, only naakosii life hai'doiv than' it: aeecV be,-, and the burden heavier than it is already. Buckling-to with a will is the solo method by which can come satisfaction. Just as boldly seizing a midnight ghost proves it to be nothing but a masquerading duchess, or a trick of light aud; line, so placing oneself bravely in harness, and determining to do with a good grace what one does not like to do, somehow lesseus the load and smooths down the difficulties, makes all the angles rounder, and blunts the sheaf of spikes that in the beginning tortured one so cruelly. Almost all youths who have to work for their living have to go through this period of using themselves to harness, doing what they do not like to do, giving up what they like to have. The one' who will buckle-to with most cheerfulness and vigour is. •the one from "whose manhood most' ' may be expected ; and he who whines and cries, and cannot do this and will not do that, who gives up his situation iu the city because it is not a situation in the country, or despises the. field and stock because, being apprenticed - to a farrnor, he would prefer to be clerk to a merchant, is the one of whose future only failure can be pre dicted, unable as he has shown himself to buckle-to, and of so little courage and self-command. Some men and women wear away their lives in this kind of thing. Out of harmony with their work, thoy will < never try to make the collar less galling because woru closer. They are always trying to slip it over their poor long ears, r which 'simply get chafed .in the en deavour ; and they rub their shoulders sore because they think that writhing will wear it easier. , So of women. They marry the wrong man, found out too late; and their wedding-ring pinches. They havo'to run encircled in: misfitting har ness, and to carry through life a burden compared to which the bullet and ii chain of the French format is light and easy. Grumbling makes that which i.; is bad bo just so-much the. worse ; and trying,to escape from fcbe burden matri l rnonial only succeeds in adding-to its u weight; : The wiser thing to do is to i bear it with as :mucli equanimity and • cheerfulness as nature and the fates will allow. It must be ; so wby not make the best of it ? And the best of it is to bo made in no other way than by i"buckling-to. If grumbling "at a dis agreeable would lessen and finally dis ,perso it altogether, by all.means let it bo' done; if shifting one's yoke from , shoulder to-shoulder. and vainly trying to pull' it over one's poor long ears would slacken the strain and finally dissolve- the substance, one would be well quit, of one's impediment for a flittlo abrasion of the epidermis; but when' it' only . chafes and does not slacken, only, deepens the sore and > never dissolves-tlio substance, it seems but a-poor exercise of energy and in genuity; and buckling-to would be a better employment of both. Iu factj there "is no circumstance in • life, and no condition, where buckling to is not the • wisest thiug. Take it how we will, either to combat or to bear, energetic acceptance does more for us than fretful resistance, and a powerful hand - to - band fight with adversity—buckling-to for the battle ■—is a finer' thing.' than' supine and melancholy yielding. To do with all our might both the task of to-day and the preparations for the pleasure of to- morrow ia- a more manly kind of' thing than to shirk half the difficulties of the one, consequently lot slip half the rich'uess of the other. Had we bnckled . to in "real earnest we sboul&have; over- i come the one, and been- rewarded by ! the other sooner and more bounteously i than-as: things are. But we slipped 'and slid, and wore our harness loose; i and we came; in consequence, to a fall on the side pf the hill, and an upsefc'on the top. ■ '• Thex'o" are certain men who can never buckle to their day's work save under compulsion. Good servants when firmly held • andinexorably guided, they aro ■ lost as freed men governing themselves. Give "them two days for the essay which cost' them four hours to write, and. it will not be done on the eveningyof the third ; stand over them with your editorial bucldo and thong, and you will get it in throe hours and tlireo - quarters. Tell thorn blandly, There isno hurry " for: the picture, the copy, the deed, the agreement, and you may wait till your hair is grey and all the savour has gone out of the thing you wanted ; pross them for an* unim portant matter as if your life depended on it, and time had that sort of quality iwhich^gains more - vitality the more it is shortened,' and^ you will have- your work done to the: momeut,' and of. first rate force. . It is all through, want of ability to buckle-to of their own accord, nil: the odd dependence on a leading hand for the fit wearing of the yoke, and the consequent carryiug of the load to its: destined end. But what a pity that want of ability is, and'How many lives aro wrecked by it. 