DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. [OADLK DKS 'ATOII.] ? St. Petersburg, .Tanunry 23. . Tho warriago corbmony of tho Duko of Edin burgh and tho Princess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in tho presence of a vast nsBomblugo ; of guests, in.tho Winter Palace and tho various galleries. Tho ladios woro sumptuously attired,' tho prevailing costumes, particularly' of. Russian ladios, wero volvot and diamonds. Tho men were in uniform, with tho axcoption 'of tho American Diplomatists. After assembling, a prOCOSSIOll Was lOrillOU.W 111! UIIU ui'uuu j:«liim.ii-,a, Ohamborlains, and other officers of tho Court loading, then canio the Emperor and' Empress Imperial, Princo and Princess of Wales, tho Princess Imporial of Germany and Denmark, and Princo Arthur. Thon camo tho bride and tho bridogroom, who woro. the Russian naval uniform. Tho bride was splendidly apparollod in a long crimson volvot mantle trinnnod with orinino, and sho woro a diamond coronet. Hor train was borno by four pages. Thou followed an immense procession of tlio Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court oflicials. The Imperial Russian princo woro tho uniform of Cuirassiers, tho Priiico of Walos tho scarlet British nniforni, tho Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All were decorated with tho Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Walos was dressed in darli. crimson volvot, with diamond coronet mid collar, and pearl necklace. Tho Imperial Gorman Princess was dressed in the samo stylo. Tho Russian Princess's dress was blue volvot, and gold. Princo Arthur acted as ono of tho groomsmen. All' woro silvor wedding favours. Tho procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by tho Metropolitan Head of tho Russian Church of tho Holy Synod, boar ing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. Tho Emperor conducted tho bride and, bride- groom to the middlo of tho church, assuming his station, with the Eiiipross, immediately .behind. Around tho bridegroom stood Princo Arthur and tho Grand Dukes. . Tho wedding rings, borno on golden salvers, ' woro dopositcd oil tho altar temporarily, until placod on tho fingors-of tho bride and bridegroom. Tlio magnificent chapol was illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; tho floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet ; ? the pillars and altar woro covered with gold. Tho Greek marrkgo ceremony was unique in tho absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers wore given during thosbrvico. Tho crowns woro held suspended over the hoads of tho bridal pair,— Princo Arthur holding tho crown over the Duko of Edinburgh, and Princo Sorguis that over tho bride. ' '?'? Tho Imperial Confessor then said : .' Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art. crowned -for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in tho namo of the Father, tho Son,' .and tho Holy Ghost.' Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding tho heavy crown, was rolioved. Then tho Epistlo to tho Ephcsians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd versos, woro road. After tho reading was concluded tho marriage at Caua at Gallileo was road. Tlio crowns woro removed, and the married couplo walked thrieo around tho raised dais, holding to tho tip of the confessor's robe with .ono hand and a candlo in tho other. At tho conclusion of this ceremony tho sacra montal cup was brought forward, blessed and partrfken of by tho bridal pair, tho confessor presenting tho cross, which both kissed. Aftor ward tho choir sang 'Glory to Thoo, O Lord !' concluding with a bonodiction. This ended tho Greek aorvices. Tho proces sion then slowly formed, proceeding to tho Hall of Alexander for tlio Anglican service. Dean Stanloy, of Westminster Abbey, ofliciated. Tho walls wero decorated with battlo pictures. Dean GVeeV cimrSn sdrvico, w'lJreai'roteatan't Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, nnd who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal sur plice with a jewelled collar of the Ordor of Bath around hia nock, was assistod by two resident English clergymen. Both tho Ainorican and tho English colony wore gathorcd on tho loft of tho altar. Conspicious among them was Govornor .Tewott, the Ainorican Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister and Diplomatic oflicials. Many English oflicors, in full costume, woro also present. Especially notable was tho vonorablo Princo Gortschakoft', surrounded by loading mom bors of tho Russian nobility. Tho Episcopal chants woro given by Russian choristor lads, in long crimson dresses. When tho mnrriago pro cession entered, tho brido walked botwoon hor father and tho bridegroom. Princo Arthur walked bohind. The boautifnl Anglican wedding sorvice was then imprcssivoly porformod by Dean Stanloy, tho Prince and Princess rospond ing according to tho form enjoined in tho Book of Common Prayer. Tho delivery of tho final benediction, ' God tho Father, God tho Son, and God tho Holy Ghost— bloss, preserve, and keep you,' was especially touching. Tho sor vicos boing concluded, Doan Stanloy congra tulated tho newly-married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries wero present. Tho brido looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced ; tho bridegroom grave, solf: possessod. Tlio Prinooss of Wales was lovely, palo, and dolicato. Tho Gorman Crown Princess looked healthy— tho imago of her mother, Qneon Victoria. Tho Princo of Wales apparently on oxcollont torins with tho Gorman Princo, and both lookod well. During tho coromony in tho English ohapol, tho Empress of Russia being a confined invalid and fatigued,, scomod ovorconio and mado a motion of holding a handkorcliiof to hor oyos whon tho marriod couplo saluted hor. Tho ceremony being concludod, tho crowd. dispersed. .Thoro was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of tho public Bquavostook placo, anc^ tho gcnoral scono was one of splondid festivity. _ Tho sorvico forinod an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. Aftor tho marriago rites thoro was a banquot at tho Palaco, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. At tho closo of tho hall tho bridal couplo woro formally marched to tho bridal chamber, accompaniod by tho Emporor and oflicora of tho Court. Tlio fostivitios woro continued after tho rotiromont of tho happy couplo, tho Emporor boing prosont.; . ? ;'?? Tun Poon Enoitsk.—' John Bull' writes to. tho- 'ToloRraph' :— I want to givo nttoranco to an Englishman's growl : I want to know why every ' Govornmont Gazotto' for yoars past con tains notices of tho appointment of pooplo from ovory country oxcopt Old England to good berths undor Govornmont? Why aro tho English always out in tho cold ? An Irishman, a Scotch man, or a Gorman can got omploymont at onco, but novor an Englishman. Tho business of tho English appoars confinod In tho colonies to fightr ing and driving out tho French oi1 tho Dutch, or tho original niggora, [but don't tho Irish and Scotch fight too 'I Ed. G. T.] and thon tho Eng lish sottlo down into choppers of wood, drawora of wator, and payors of tnxos, wliilo tho rich fat billots, tho sinecure bods'of down, aro all rosor vod for tho inovitablo Irish, Scotch, orGonnans. In Victoria, when Dully or O'Shannassy aro ' out,'' it is only because M'Culloch and Miohio aro 'in.' Tho first two Govornors of Quoons land woro ?Irishmon ; so woro tho Earl of Bol moro and Sir Dominie Daly, rooontly Govornors of Now South Walos and South Australia respec tively. Sir .Tamoa Forgnson and Mr. Vogol, tho Govornor nnd Promior of Now Zoaland, aro Scotch and Gorman rospootivoly ; tho Youngs woro Scotch of course. Tho Govornor of Vic toria is an Irishman. Noarly all tho pormanont hoads of departments in Quoonsland aro Irish, and vory fow Englishmen can bo found amongst tho host of Scotch, Gonuan, and Irish oivil Ser vants, Why is thin ? Aro Oxford and Cam bridge Universities behind thoso of Dublin, Glasgow, and Bonn in' learning '( Kit because: Englishmen aro worso oduoatod or loss talontod than tho' others I Look at tho vory saints' days. St. Patrick's and St. Androw's aro always colo bratcd with pomp and coromony, but who ovor koops St. George's- day ? nnd'tho ' Watclron tho Rhino' is; heard twico for ovory onco that 'Rnlo Britannia' is. Why w all this I. -?.??'? . Tnu Hahusiim's .of a DiaaEn's ; Livk..— 'All is riot gold that glittors' is a proverb nioro fully realised by diggors than:. any other class in tho community. ,Lot tho following from tho 'Braid wood Dispatch'- of Wednesday, attest:— On Saturday last wo saw a family of father and mother and nine childron, besides tho old grand fathor, passing through tho town on thoir wny back, and from thoir ill-clad condition thoy ap poarod as if thoy had had a hard time of it With tho wot weather, wo havo had. But this family had a horso and cart to help thorn along. Not so, howovor, anothor family, mimboring nino or ton, which wo subseqnontly saw, -vho-hw\ all of thorn boon compolled to tramp it from Hill End, tho two oldost boys and tho fatlior liaving had to carry Bonio of tho younger onos on thoir backs, whilst thoro was also a baby in arms to bo lookod aftor. .- ~ ? FiUATi Avpection.t— A malicious youth hung a sot stool-trap ovor tho strap with which hispapa soinotimoB saluted him. Tho worthy man soon had occasion to go for tho strap, and it requirod tho united ofl'orts of his wifo, tho cook,' and his oldest daughter to roleasp his; hand from tho vongoful clasp of tho trap. It so far suggostcd tho real author that tho boy now Jooks as if a cupping machino had .boon applied to, ovoiy availablo portion of his tondor framo.' . ? , ? . Wilt, op an Inisn Misek.— An Irishman named Donriis Tolam, who; died at Cork posses sod of 'considerable wealth; : in the year 1160, loft a 'singular will, 'containing tho following tosta-/ montary ?dispositions; :-f-' I loavo to my sistor-in -law four old 'stockings, which' .will bo found uhdor my mattress, to tho right. :', Itcin :,. To my nephow, Michabl Tarlos, two odd soclcs;;and a groon nightcap. Item: To: Lioutonant John Stoin, a bluo stocking, with1 my rod cloak. Item : To my cousin, Barbara Dolan, an old boot'Avith a red flannol pocket.- i Itom ': To ^Hannah, my, liousokoopor,' my brokon water-jiig. After tho death of the tostator, tho logatoo's having boon convoned by tho notary to' bo prosorit:' at the; roading of tho will, bach,, as lio or slid ,wiia rriamod,, shrugged their slionldors and othorwiso bxprossed a contemptuous ' 'disappointment, '. whilo parties unintorcstrid in. tlio Bnccpssjon could not rofrain from laughing at .thoso ridiculous,, not to, say insulting, legacies. A.11 -yoro leaving tho room, aftor signifying thoir intention of. ronounoing their bequests, whon tho' last named, Hannah., having testified hor indignation by kicking away t.he brokon pitobnv,- a number of coins rolled; oiit of it: tho othor individuals', astonished at tho unoxpoctod inoidont, bogan to think bottor of thoir determination, and roquostod permission to examine tho . articlos devised to thorn. , It is noodloss to say that, on proceeding to tho search, tho stockings, socks, pocket, &c.;, soon betrayed by thoir wbight tho yaluo of thoir contents, and tho hoard of tho testator 'thus fairly distributed, loft on tho minds of tho logatoos a very difforont impression of his worth. : : \- A Gallant British Soldikh.-— A home paper records the death of Lioutonant Wilinot, R. A., tho first oflicer'killod in tho Ashantoo war. Wo extract tho following notice of the. deccasod : — Evor ready at the call of duty.; ho was among tho foremost to volunteer, for tho. Ashantoo war, and, his services boing accepted, he sot sail with Sir Garnot Wolsoloy and his brilliant staff in tho Ambriz. On his arrival at Capo Coast Castlo ho was omployod in tli3 almost hppoless task of training a Bniall body of natives in tjiousooftlie Oct6bor,'lio, joiriod the little garrison at Dun quah. From this placo it 'was determined to mako rcconnaissanco on Nov. 3, and accordingly Lioutonant Eardly-Wilmot, accompaniod by Lioutenant Jonos nnd a ainall dotaehniont of natives armed with rockots. was sont forward, the donsoncss of tho bush not pormitting tho uso of artillory. Coining soon upon a largo body of Ashantoos, a hoavy and woll-sustainod firo was oponod upon thorn. Early in the fray Lionton ant EardloyAVilmot roccsivod a sovoroi wound, completely disabling tho uso of his arin,;. but, retiring for a minnto to havo'it bound up, ho, was soon again at tho hoad of his mon, ondoavouring by tho oxamplo of- his own intrepid conduct to kindlo -a faint spark of conrago in thoir hearts, and firing tho rockots hinisolf with liis how solo romaining arm. Tho Fantbos, howovor, hung back, and it bocamo necessary to send for assist ance Lieutenant Jonos was accordingly dis patched to Colonel Fosting with tlio following lines hurriodly written in ponoil on a scrap of papor : — ' Dear Colonol,; — ^Ploaso sond twonty men ; 2nd West Annamaboos dwindled down to about eight.' Unhappily tho aid camo but too lato, Colonel Fosting arriving on the scone only just in iimo to soo his noble young comrado ro coiyo his doath wound. A bullet fired from 'the ndjoining bush had struck; poor Wilinot in tho rogion of tho heart, and, raising his.unwoundbd arm above liis bond, ho' foil upon hisfneo, and instnntly oxpiroS: Colonol Fosting immodiatoly rushod forward, amid a storm of bullots,; and boro his body to tho roar, rocoiving in this noblo not of solf-disregnrd a sovoro wound iiv tho hip. Thus fell Wijmot, tlfo first victim in bur Ashan too war, adding ono nioro to that splondid list of England's heroes who havo died gloriously, sword in hand and with thoir face to tho onemy, tho motto of tho Royal Artillory always boing. on gravod on thoir hearts— ' Quo fas ot . gloria chicunt.' Satanic Cruelty to a House. — Tho following horrible caso of cruolty was hoard at : tho Loak Potty Sessions on the 5th Decqmbor (rop'ortod in tho 'Pall MallGazotto'), whon Horatio Davon port, described as ' a gontloman of indepondent moans, and having oxtonsivobusinoss coniioctions in Manchester,' was charged with having cruelly ill-trontod a horso. It appoared from tho ovi donco that on tho' '5th ultimo tho horse bolted with a carriago it was drawing, and.broko its oA' hind log just abovo tho fetlock. A votbrinary surgoon rocommondod that it should bo inimbdi atolydostroyod, but, notwithstanding tho advico, the wrotehod animal was drivon homo a distanco of noarly two miles, where 'it lingorod in agony until tho 15th ultimo, whon it' was destroyod. Botwoon those two dates it managed to crawl from tho stable to a field, whoro it was found uhablo to riso, and a ropo boing passod round its body it was dragged back to tho stablo by two horsos. A votorinary surgeon \yho wont to soo it on tho 14th ultimo dosoribod it as boing thon in ' a living state of decomposition.' The baro bono, ho said, was protruding, and the hoof wns hanging from tho fotlock in such a way that it could havo boon almost twisted off. ' It was moaning so loudly that its cries could bo hoard at somo distanco from tho stablo, and tho blood stained walls of tho stablo gavo ovidonco of its sovoro struggles. „ Tho dofonco was that no iin nocossary oruolty had boon usod, and that ovory thing possible had boon dono for tho animal. Tho magistrates inflicted on Mr. Davoriport a ponalty of £5 and costB, and although liia suffer ing undor this puniahmont is doubtless vory tor riblo, it must not bo forgotten that the sufforing ondurod by tho horso was probably oven more acuto. Both Rioht. — ^Tho Mount Giload papor says : — A man who will takb a nowspaporforfourorlivo yoars, and then rbf uso to pay for it, should bogin his namo with an h and ond it with a g, and put an o in tho middlo. Whoroupon tho Lima Do mocrnt remarks : Tho oditorwho will aond his pnpor to a man four or 11 vo yoars without gotting liis pay for it, Hhould bogin hia namo with an f, and ond it with an 1, andnut two o's in tlio middlo. ' Tiiifl Amenities of NE\yarArER Ookukspon DENOEi— This is how/thoy aro :oxhibited by a gontloman, dating fiom' Wodonga, who 'differs in opinion from- anothor. gentleman coiicorning some trill ing matter about tho biiilding of a bridgo, and forthwith pours but hifl soul to tho editor of a local papor. .. Ho says :— 'For/Sir, '-I treat' your opinions of mo as'- an illustrious countryman of mine trbatod an individual of your calibro on a', certain pecasion, whoso opinions t ho charactorisod as tlio' black and putrid discharges of a foul and ulcoratod hoart, ooKiiig out of a mind whioh should bo rogardod as a- mass of rottonnoss, and.; whioh pollutes tho wholo of tho mornl ntmosplioro with its runic and abominable oxhalations.' . -.-??_ .' RoiiimuY 'bT Golp.— Tho 'Wood's Point. Minor', 2(ith ultimo, roporta that a robbory of gold to a considerable amount had takoiv. placo in tho All Nations Gully. Some ,timo ago tho Young May Moon Ground was takon up by ono or two who had faith in tho claim, and ovontn ivlly a company waB formed to work, it. Voiy rocontly thoy came upon somo aplondid atono, and in specimens alono had noarly £'100 worth of gold ; these woro placod in a powdor kog,~and foolishly kept in. the hut of ono of tho principal mon in the claim; thoy had boon thoro somo time, and woro lost soon on Saturday morning about sovon 6'olock,; prior to the mon going to work. On thoir return at dinner time tho keg wns missod, and an examination disclosed the fact that it had boon Btoleii, for bohind tho hut was a' largo holb ciitin the calico; through wliioh tho thief must havo got hold of the kog and its contonta. Every . ofiort , was made to discover somo tracos, but without offeot ; the sbarch. wns givon up, but mon woro told off to' watch differ ent parts of tho gully, all night. On Sunday morning another party 'was; organised; after soarching for somo time tlioy camo upon tracks, but eventually lost thorn. ( :Two of the party, Mr. Lawson's son and a man in his omploy, had sbparatod from tho otliors, and crossed tho' left hand brancli of the Gonlburn, ..whon. Butldonly they camo upon tracks, and following thoao a fow foot camo^upori1 tho gold, hidden in tho scrub, and covered with loaves. ' A little, bvit not miioli, was missing, and tho rocoyored por-' tion was aton'co takon to tho bank. ' FiiiaiiTEUii Mistake.— A friend from, the country givbs ' Atticus' tho following :— In ono of tho now townships in. the North-oastorn districtjn. poor follow had to bo. buried some yoars ago, in unconsocratod ground. A short time since a comotory was proclaimed, and the; family rosolved.on having the poor fellow's re mains docontly put into holy soil. An empty giu-caso was big enough to hold his bones, and, , being carefully collected, thoy woro put in this, fastonod down, brought to tho widow's house/ rovorontly pnt into a full-sized coffin, and then, folio wod by tho frionds of tho family within a radius of ton miles', intorrod with all the ritbs:of tho Church. Tho mournors returned to tlio' widow's house to spond a quiet night in drinking to tho momory oftho doar departed. A case of square gin had boon spocially purchased for the ontortaininont of tho funeral party; but when it was openod tho horror of the thirsty and ox poctant frionda must bo imagined, when it was found that tho wrong coso had boon buriod I Tw'olvo good bottles of gin had boon planted oightfoot under tho ground, amidst tho toars and regrots of thoso who littlo know the hoavy loss thoy woro inflicting on themsolves whon thoy helped to shovel tho earth on top of thorn, and a caso of dry bonoa was tho only refreshment tho family of tho doparted free selector had to offer his old frionda. A Waooa Waooa Story.— Tho ' Wagga Wagga Express' tolls a story of a pigeon hatching a lion's ogg: — ' A pigoon, tho proporty of Mr. E. H. Thompson, rocontly made nn orror in jnil»n-imk«t]iinlilrai(lii oun,.tn aunnnsm tliqJi.shn had an oxcoflont opiifion ot nor own capabilities. It appoars that sho accidontally camo across a lien's ogg, which sho immodiatoly nnnoxod for hor own private purposes. It was lying oxposod upon tho ground, and as hor domestic natujo robellod against such noglcct, bIio considered that tho boat possiblo thing to bo dono was to put it in a nest. This involved a certain amount of consideration, as it appoarod protty clear that sho could not lift and place it in its proper de pository. A naturally fino inventivo faculty enabled hor, howovor, to solve the difficulty. In dofiauco of all preeodont for tho disposal of eggs, she sot to Work and mado a nost upon it, and upon tho coinplotion of her disinterested labor of lovo, naturally considered that sho had acquired a vested right in tho unclaimed proporty which sho had protected, so sho determined to sit tho matter out, como what might. At tho termin ation of tho ordinary poriod of incubation, it camo in tho form of a chickon, ovor which tho pigoon has ostabliahod a maternal protectorate, and in whioh sho ovincos a solf-aatisfiod prido which is unmistakablo. ; Goon Tunow.— During tho cricket match on Saturday, two or throb of tho Bonalla crickotors noticod thoy had boon in danger of a run but through tho marvollous speedy rotiirn of the ball from long-Cold aftor somo very hard hits in that diroctioh, which, in tho , ordinary courso of things, should havo told for fours instoad of twos. Tho fioldsman at that point was a half caste native, named Barbor, and hia throwing capabilities woro. commontod on after tho gamo was played out, and one of tho Wangarntta mon offorod a amall wager that Barbor could throw tho ball over -110 yards ; this was takon up two or throo times over, and Barbor hnving said he could wiri tho money, tho distanco named was measured off by a tapo lino. Vory soon tho ball whizzed through tho air, and tho placo of its con tact with earth inarkod. An application of tho tapo to tlio spot provod tho cloar distanco of tho throw to bo 117 yards and 8 inohos. A Plucky Lad.— In a letter from Mount Toinploton, a correspondent of tho 'Kapunda Herald' narrates that ' a lad of 16, son of Miv Cornish, lias had rathor a livoly time of . it for about an hour and a half. Ho was' rolling stubblo whon ho observed a snake making to wards him. Ho had- improvisod a soat on tho rollor with boards and a bag of chaff, and not liking tho aspoct of his snakoship, loapod off his soat in front of tho rollor. Tlio horsos went on, knockod him down, and boforo ho could stop thorn tlio team had drawn tho rollor ovor onos log up to abovo tho knee. Fixod as ho wns ho! managod to unhook tho swinglo-troos, and so got1 rid of tho dangor of the horaos drawing tlio rollor completely ovor him. He had scarcely succeeded in doing this whon ho obsorvod tho snako comp round tho rollor, and with flattonod hoad, protruding tonguo, and flashing eyos, mako towards him, evidently bont on misohiof. It must havo boon a fearful momont for him, fixod as he waB by ono leg with tho rollor. As tho snake camo up ho managod to catch it with his unencumbered foot and pin it by tho nook to tho rollor, and thon with tho roptilo twisting round liis log and twirling about in its endea vours to oscapo, ho lay shouting for help for upwards of an hour, whon tho rollor stopping so long attracted his brother's attention. He hnst onod to liis nssistanco, nnd on sooing his dilemma would havo pulled tho snako away, but this tho bravo lad would not allow. Ho directed him to tako tho ropo reins off the horaoa and tio it to tho snako's tail ; andthushowa8onablodtodraw it away with porfoot safoty to himsolf. Aftor his snakoship was dospatohod,,he said, 'And now, Honry John, you can tako tho rollor off my lo '.' Ho was muoh oxhaustod with tho strain on fiis nerves and tho pain tho weight of tho roller occasioned him, and his log is somewhat bruised and swollen ; but in a fow days his parents hopo to soo him about again. Ho still haa a ? white and rathor senrod appoaranoo in tho faco — and littlo wondor, considering tho ordoal through which ho had to pass. Tho snake provod to bo upwards of 5 foot in loncth. ATbsenoe of Mind: — Tho ' Chinos Guardian' i roports that a rathor amusing inculont occurred I tho othor day not ono hundrod miles from tlio ! quiot and rural township of Donald, near St Amaud. A happy couplo, just marriod, both of bashful tomperamont, tho lady being noted for hor absence of mind, arrived at a certain hotel the first day of her bridal tour. In tho middle of tho night tho lady aroused ovory inmate in tlio hotel by screaming out thnt thoro was a man in hor room. Sho had quite forgotten Tier mar riago that morning, and it was only aftor her poor unfortunate husband had boon kickod but that sho happonod to recollect it. . , , A Disgraceful Pkactical Joke. — Tho ' West' orn Post' relates that on Friday night last two youths (onoofthoman aboriginal) woro fishing on tho banka of thorivor, near Mudceo, whon a man with a Bhoot ovor- him atolo bohind thorn and waved his hands ovor thoir hoads without speak ing. This sutldon apparition (for_ tho boys thought it was a ghost) struck terror into them. The black boysi-an for hia lifo, and hid himself in an adjacont cornfiold; whilo his companion, who was almost paralysed with fear ; acroamed out most pitoously.for help. It suggested itself to a couplo of mon living in tho neighbourhood who heard thoao terriblo shrieks that somo one was dro\vning,and on hastening to tho spot tho truth wns discovered, and tho youth found in a most oxhaustod and terrified condition, utterly unable to speak from his voice being paralysed by the violence. of hia outcries. '.??'? .... Daniel O'Connell,' the Irish orator, was appliodtoby a friend for hia autograph ; to which ho ropliod: ' Sir, I novor send autographs. — Yours, Daniel O'Connell.'' 