A LITTLE SENSATION" DRAMA. in a prologue, three acts, and ax epilogue. By Justin M'Cartiiy. trologue. Mr. Ernest Lyttleton, of the Temple, London, was an author, by choice rather than by nocessity. Ho pleased himself to think that he was drawn or driven to literature by the sheer force of inspiration ot genius. . Lie had Borne annual income independent of any literary earnings, which was, perhaps, fortunate, in one sense, seeing that his literary earnings were not great. In another sense, however, it may have been unfortunate, for if lie had had to live by authorship, he might have made a bettor success. He was thirty years old, good-looking, and active. He could do many things very well. Ho was great at athletic exercises, played several instruments, and was an excellent amateur actor. Mr. Ernest Lyttleton's literary offorts woro varied. Ho had published a volume of essays, which received high commendation from the best critics, and lay a motionless load on the shelves of the publisher. He wrote three novels, each in a different stylo, and each in its way admirable, but just wanting that little something which ensures success. They received high and just encomiums from the critics, and then successively fell dead. Ho wrote a very clever little comedy, which was played with great success in private, but being brought out on the stage, proved a failure. Then he thought he would redeem the sinking drama of his country, and he wrote a really fine and noetic Dlav. full of thought and nathos. and even passion. But ho had forgotten that a drama now must be writteu to suit the peculiarities of the leading actors. The load ing lady said she couldn't see herself in the part of Lyttleton's heroine. The piece was played six nights, and then withdrawn. Our hero began to think it was time to reconsider his position. 'He had made six distinct efforts at success, and had decisively failed in each. He began to grow ashamed of himself, cynical, and moody. Ho thought of a long journey, of exile. He thought of marrying, but though he liked ever so many women, ho did not like any particular one better than the rest. He thought of trying to go into Parliament, only he roflected that he would be certain to lose his election, or, if elected, to prove a dead failure in the House. Ly ttleton had friends, social .position, health, talent, and money, and yet life bogan to look very dreary to him. Men like him are more often in the mood which leads to suicide than the world, or even, perhaps, the men them selves, are aware of. Wandering one day, in a depressed and weary condition, out from his chambers in the Temple, Ernest Lyttleton lost himself in a maze of narrow Btreets, where only poor people live. They were the oddest little streets, such as only the old parts of London can show. Here you saw the remains of what had evidently once been a stately palace. Perhaps some Surrey, or Leicester, or Percv once occuDied it. when the way in front was clear to the river. Now a separate family swarmed on every floor, and clothes-lineB hung out of its stone-corniced windows. Next to it was a regular little rural cottage, with red tiles on the roof, and a porch, and a window on either side of the porch — tiles, porch, and windows now all smoke- begrimed and decaying. The town had grown around this little cottage, built it in, . blocked it up, and inclosed .it helpless there, like the pretty bride of the ballad in the old oak-chest. A few of the houses had little court-yards in front. Others rocked forward, bulging into the narrow street, like shabby imitations of the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Of oourse, there was the usual proportion of gin- shops. The smallest London street seems to require at least three gin-shops to supply its needs. But even the gin-Bhops here partook of the quaint and antique oharacter of the place. They were not flashy and ' pretentious institutions. sDarkliner with orvstal chandeliers. and served by young ladies in black silk and chignons. They were small, dark, ancient structures, with a step down at the entrance, by virtue of which the incautious visitor some times presented himself headforemost. The entire thoroughfare seemed to end in one darkling public-house — to clodB, finish, and dje there. But when you oame quite near you found that a narrow archway, opening through the public-house, admitted the pas senger to the outer world again. Mr. Lyttleton was drawn, despite of himself and his own grievances, to observe the place around him. " People really live here ! " he thought. "They struggle here, and have their ambitions and failures, and make love and are loved, and win their success or are utterly discomforted, just as everywhere else. I should like to know something of life in a place such as this." Glancing npward he caught a glimpse of a window in one of the largest and oldest houses, where there was nnmn ntfcfimnfc at an ornamental blind, and certainly a box of flowers; and he thought what a picture, what a story, Dickens would have made even out of a glimpse like that. He thought of another great artist, perhaps a: greater artist, in the same field of art — he remembered George Sand's poor Genevieve with her flowers. "There may be a romance or a drama there in that house," he thought, "for anybody who has the wit to find it." Then suddenly it flashed upon him that perhaps his own lack of literary and dramatio success had been owing to the fact that he never mingled with real life outside his own little circle ; that sitting in the library or the smoking-room of his London olub, he had spun plots and people, romances and Bufferings, out of his own brain and the oircling clouds of his cigar. " Why can't I go and live there for a while ! " thought our hero, looking np again at the large, grim old house whioh had the box of flowers in. its upper window. "Why can't I go there, and live there as people do, and steep , myself in, the atmosphere and- life of the place, and find some gennine materials there P I'll try it ! I'll plunge into some new condition of life here or elsewhere in search of the romantio, as Dr. Syntax went in search of the picturesque. He emerged into a broader street, hailed a passing cab, and went home. act i. An interval of some weeks may be supposed to have occurred when the curtain again rises on the life of Swordblade Alley — for suoh is the name of the quaint and narrow street whioh : has just been described. The plaoe. though, miserably poor, was not uproarious, or drunken, or squalid. There waB an air of hard and painful work about it, but also an appear ance of .deoenoy. The house with the ornamental blind, or attempt at . one, and the box of. flowers, had many- lodgers. On tha gronnd>flooc lived a gold-bonter and his family. One floor above were lodged in tlie front rooms apostman and his household ; at the rear, a bill-sticker and bis wife and children. Higher up agaiu. a little colony of artizans. Still higher wore the two little rooms, in the front of which was the box of flowers ; and over them again, under the sky-lino lodged in separate rooms, two young men. The room with the flowers was occupied by two sisters, one a little girl of twelve, the other some three-and-twonty. Three-and-twenty worked for both, the work being the making of artificial flowers. Three-and-twonty had a fine tall figure, a handsome face, and fair hair. She was dressed in very poor black clothes, was marvellously neat for such a place, and had white hands, whioh even her work did not spoil. She was called Annie Prince ; her sister was Nellie Prince. They were orphans, and alone in the world. It is summer, and the heat is stifling; The window is open and the door is partly open. The little room in which the sisters are sitting has only two or three chairs, a table and a shabby old sofa in it, but it is clean and well kept. Their only other apartment is a little bedroom. Annie Prince sits at the window working away. There is little to distract her attention, for tho only view is across into the bedroom windows of some lodgers over the way, where washing is taken in, and the room is perfectly festooned inside with drying under-gnrmeuts, or into the lano below. It is near noon, and most of tho populotion are away at their work, and the lano is lonely. buddenly Annie having" looked out, draws in her head, and says iu a very sweet voice albeit dashed with a certain tone of alarm, " Ob, Nellie dear, please do shut tho door !" Annie's lap is encumbered with "her work and she cannot well get up and shut the door for herself. Nollie is" idly busy on the floor with some scraps of green and crimson, and is in no haste to move. "Nellie dear, George Ransom is coming up, and I don't want to see him." But a step is heard on the stairs now so near that to shut tho door might be like an act of rudeness. People can't keep to them selves always in such places as this ; and so Annie checks her sister, who was scrambling up too late to shut out tho visitor. A tall young man stands in the doorway. He is yellow-bearded and rather handsome, bat there is a vague suggestion of dissipation about his whole appearance, and his pale gray eyes seem ill to bear the sunshine. " Good morning, Miss Prince !" ho says with a dash of sarcasm and an air of inock- deforenco. " Good morning, George ! How soon you have come back !" Yes, I've got a holiday to-day, and by Jove, I mean to use it, too ! look here, Annie : I want to take you and Nellie to Greenwich. Nellie's face beamed with delight for a moment, but then was quickly cast down as she noted, her sister's expression. Annie shook her head. " I am sorry, George, but I have no end of work to do and I can't go." " Can't go ! Oh, stuff you know you could go. It's only working double tides to-morrow and the day after. " I can't go, George." "You won't go, you mean; that's about the size of it ! Now look here, Annie, this won't do ; no, by Jove, it won't ! You are treating me badly, and I don't mean to stand it ! Yon know I needn't be in this sort of beastly old plaoe at all if it wasn't for you ! Hang it all ! the fellows I know don't live in this sort of place !" " I know you need not live here, George, aiyl I wish you wouldn't. The place is pooi and miserable, and I never wished you to fol low mo ! " But I do follow you, and will follow you until yon marry me ! You said you would." " Oh no," indeed !" " Well, as good as said it when yonr father was alive, and when he asked you. Yes, you did. Well, your- didn't say you wouldn't. What have you got to say against me ! Look here, I am making two pounds, ay, and some times three a week, and I can afford to marry, and keep you and Nellie too. What have you to say against me !" He came into the room and caught her wrist. " George" — her tears were falling fast — "I never promised you — never indeed ! But you know that I don't like your ways of late. You Bpend your time badly ; you are out late, and you — you — " " I driuk too muob,I suppose, do I ! Well, I do drink a little now and then, but whoBo fault is that ? It's your own ; you drive me to it !" She shook her head. " No, no, George ; the only time when I thought I might have been willing to marry you was the very time when I first noticed all this and that would have put me against marrying you, if nothing else did." " But suppose I promise — suppose I take my oath that I won't drink too inuoh ?" She shook her head again. " Oh, George, do, for the sake of old times, let me alone ! Don't torment yourself and me. I can't ever marry you ? " " Nellie, look hero, you run into tho other room. See, here's a penny ; go and buy an orange." Nellie ran away, delighted, before her sister could interfere. But Annie Prince was not afraid of her lover. " Now Annie I must know all about this ! Who's the man that has come inside me with you ? I must know ! I had a good chance with you one time, but you have changed to me lately ; - and its some other fellow has caused it. If I ever know him ! Tell me his name 1" His manner grew menaoing and fieroe, but the girl was perfectly calm. She was about to answer, when a olear tenor voice was heard singing on the stars, and the tread of a man rapidly ascending ; and then all at once Annie Prince did start, and the red blood rushed into her face. A young man with a mustache, and wearing a cap, passed the threshold, looked in, seemed about to enter, then drew back, nodded pleasantly to George, took off his cap to Annie, and bounded np the stairs to the highest door. George Ransom looked fixedly at Annie's still crimson cheeks and down-cast eyes, and was silent for a moment. Then he said, "Let's say no more about it Annie just now-. Will you oome to Greenwich with me — yes or no ? " "No, George. I can't go." He clinchod his teeth fast, muttered some thing to himself, and Bnllenly, sternly left the room. Ho went down stairs,' went out, crossed the Btreet to the " Grey iMare " public- house over the way, and having called for some drink, took a place behind the worn and discoloured old curtain, once red, that screoned the parlour window. Down to Annie's room presently came tho young man of the tenor voice. He tapped at her door, which now she had closed. Annie did not call "Como in, ".but wont to the door and opened it. "Ob, Claude !" "Dear Annie, I have come to take you for a promenade," the young man said, in an accent apparently foreign, although his English was quite good. "But I would not intrude while you had company. Wo will go — you and Nellio and I — to the Crystal Palace, and vou shall eniov the fresh air. and Nellie shall go in a swing, and eat cake and drink ginger- beqr, and ride on a velocipodo, it she likes ; and yoa and I will sit on tho grass — " "Ob, but, Claude, I can't go! Goorgo Ransom was hero just now, and — and he had got a holiday, and he wanted us to -go to Groeuwicb with him." " Diable ! Confound his impudence !" " Of course I wouldn't go, Claude, for I am I too busy — indeed I am. But whon I refused poor Goorgo, I couldn't go with anybody elso — now could I ? And ob, please, Claude, don't stay, and don't be seen, for I am afraid ! " "Afraid? Of what ? Of that fellow ? " "No, not that, Claude. I'm afraid of your being seen hero." " Come with me, child," the young man said, cutting short her fears, and putting one arm round her waist, while she tried, not very vehemeutly, to get away. " Como to the Crystal Palace, and hear the birds sing. You are looking pale and thin, and Nellio, too. Come. I have a holidav. and monov. m'amie. and I can't enjoy either without you ! Ticns ! I too am pale and worn." " Yos, indeed you are, Claude. Why are you so pale ?" " Waut of air, child, and enjoyment ; and I can't have either without you. Come 1 put your hat on, and come." Femme qui parle — woman who deliberates! Annie looked into Claude's face, thought he seemed pale, thought she ought to make him happy for one day — him and her sister Nellie, of course — and she dropped her eyes, put on her bonuet, and wont with her lover to 'the Crystal Palace. The moment they came down the darkling stairs of the old house to go on their way, and emerged iuto such light of day as shone on Swordblade Alloy, George Ransom started iu his seat, and sprang to his feet. They passed out of tho alley, and ho followed them up at some distance. Through all crowds, through all turnings, he traced them ; and when they reached the Loudon Bridge railway station, and entered the railway carriage to go to tho Crystal Palace, he got into another carriage, and followed them still. ACT ii. Oh, what a happy day for dear, good Annie Prince ! Since the death of her father had left her quite an orphan, and sent her to make her hard living iu Swordblade Alley, she had had no such day as this. Her life had long been very weary and sad. A beam of warm sunshine stole in upon it when the young French workman, Claude Copin, came to lodge in the same house with her, and they became acquainted and friendly, she grew to like him very much. He was so handsome, so grace ful, so like a gentleman ; and Annie had still the memories of days when she knew people of better intelligence and manners than the population of Swordblade Alley. And he was frank, bright, and winsome. She never felt more than a sort of kindlv toleration for George Ransom ; and of late, how coarse and selfish he appeared ! She was not given to questioning her own heart, but she knew very well that she loved Claude Copin ; and Bhe hoped, she thought — ah, she firmly believed — that he loved her. He had not said bo as yet ; and he certainly had never talked of marriage. But she had no faint murmur even of distrust withiu her ; she looked into his eyes, and save for some vague lingering fear of George Ransom, she was happy. Tho bright air, the Boft sweet English land scape, the crowds, the muBio, the statues, the palace, and the frequent opportunities for I a seclusion, which was almost as good as a I tete-a-tete, made the girl as gladsome as a bird. Claude Copin too was very happy, wondering, perhaps, sometimes within him self why he was so happy, but distinotly con scious of the new indescribable sense of joy. Little Nellie, we may be sure, was not the least de.lighted of the group. She got so many cakes and fruits to eat that she could not help saying, " Mr. Copin, where ever do you get all suoh lots of money ?" "Oh, Nellie, for shame !" her sister inter posed. "But thiB is a holiday, Mademoiselle Nellie," Copin gaily answered. " When ono makes holiday, one does not think to keep his money." Iu the course of their rambles Claude remembered that he had promised to buy something for Nellie at one of the stalls, and as it was some little distance awav. he offered to run baok for it, leaving the sisters together. As he ran gayly across the sward towards the palace of glass, Annie gazed tenderly after him. She suddenly started, for she fancied she saw George Ransom come out from a olump of trees and follow her lover. But she quickly settled in her own mind that it must be her imagination — that her interview with Ransom that morning had left a disturb ing impression on her. She was right, however, in her first thought ; for as Claude was entering the palaoe, and was quite out of her 'sight, a heavy hand grasped his shoulder, and when he turned round he saw the fierce faoe of George Ransom. " Now, then," said Ransom, furiously ; " I've followed you about all the day for this. I didn't want to make a row before her. Are you going to fight like a man ?" "Fight?". Degrdce! for what, my dear friend ? " " Talk English. You talk it well enough to her. You understand it any how." " But I don't understand yon." " Don't yon ? Then I'll make myself very plain. See here, yon've come between me and that girl. I've loved her for years. I love the very gronnd she walks on, and the rags Bhe throws away when she makes her flowers ! She wonld have come to - love me and to marry me only yon oame between ns ; and yon must give her up or I must have re venge." "RanBom," the other said speaking now very gravely, and drawing his excited rival into a secluded corner of the conrt in whioh they stood, " I hoyo done you no harm. I don't want to hurt your footings, but I must tell you that if I wore novor in the world she would uot marry you. It is no fault of mine. I saw that beforo I evor thought of marry ing her — I moan beforo I evor was very friendly with her. It's only your ill luck, man. Stand up like a man and boar it." "Not a bit of it ! I'll not- bear it ! You've deceived and bodnvilod tho girl with your French manners and your false tonguo ! Why you only know her a few weoks, and I've known her for years ! Will you fight mo ?" "Hero — in the Crystal Palace! On a shilling day ! And tho police all round !" Copin oould not help looking amused at tho idoa and his expression of couutonanco only still further infuriated his opponent. "I'll show you a quiot plaoo down yonder behind the crickot ground, wbero wo oan have it out without any one Beeing us." "But, my good fellow what confounded nonsense " "You French coward, you can't fight — you don't know how ; you're afraid ! But I'll make you fight : I'll knock you down and kick you here on this spot !" " Ransom, my worthy friend," said Copin, with a face now quito calm and settled, " if you will make a fool of yourself, I can't help you. We bad better both make fools of ourselves in seclusion than just here. Come along, if you will have it. I'll try to show you that I can fight, ovon if I am a Frenchman." Ransom's eyos beamed with a savage do- light. The two men then walked together in silence, avoiding the crowd, and especially avoiding the place where the sisters wore still seated. They found at last a lonely place within a belt of trees. Ransom said, "One thing now, mind. By God, I'll not spare you !" " Wo had bettor lose no titno in talk." Copin coolly replied, " or some ono will come." Tho two flung off thoir coats'; Ransom ruBhed at his adversary like a wild bull. For a Frenchman, Copin understood the science of boxing remarkably well. Ho merely put off Ransom's blows for a whilo. " Faut en finir," at la9t he said and sent ono straight, sharp blow betwoon Ransom's eyes. Ransom wont down like an ox undor the pole- axe, and lay senseless. Copin approached him with an air of of anxiety, felt his pulse, lifted ono of his eyelids, and appeared relievod. " All right," he said. " He'll do : he'll come to in a few moments, and ho will hardly want any more. I can't do better than just leave him where he is, and got that dear child away. This is becoming too sensational." He presently joined tho sisters. Annie was growing terribly alarmed at his absenco, and Bhe started whon she saw that there was blood upon his hand. aut in. Annie sat in her little room that samo niglit alone. Her sister was in bed and asleep. It was a warm summer niglit, and there was no light burning. Annie was not working, strange to say. She had been an idler all day, and was an idler still. She was thinking. Some sweet words which Claude had whispered in her ear as lie left her that even ing on tho threshold, after their return from the Palace, still lingered with hor. They were only a fow words, but they were alive with love and promise. Life seomed to bo ically brightening for the poor orphan girl. The horizon of her existence appeared to expand and glow, and to inclose a prospect more genial than that of Swordblade Alloy. She could not work for very hope and happiness. But there were some pangs of fear too. She had extracted from Claude a sort of half confession of his quarrel with George Ransom; and altuougn Uiaude insisted that tho altair ended with a fair fight, she could not think so. Sho dreaded Ransom. She thought tliero was something terribly ominous in his having followed them so stealthily and patiently to the Crystal Palace. She did not like the idea of these two men sleeping in rooms next to each other that niglit, and sho. much wished that Claude would lodge somewhero elso for a few days to come. It grow dark, and sho lighted a lantern, and tried to do some work. She always kept a little dark lantern, to bo used when she felt compelled to work vory late at night. It threw its beam of light directly on her work, and if any late step passed her door, sho could shade the light in a moment ; for she did not care to have it known to all her fellow-lodgers that sho sat up alone half the night through. This night, however, she did not seem able tc work, somehow. She partly undressed, pui ont her light, and stole into her bed in the other little room. She conld not sleep, and after a restless hour she thought she heard a voice in the alley — a voice well known to her. It wbb the voice of Claude Copin, trolling in low, sweet tones, one of his favourite songs. Annie went into the front-room again, and peered into the alley, and she saw Claude come sauntering down. He entered the house. Just as he did so, she thought she saw a dark figure stirring in an old doorway on the other side of the alley. The night was rather olear, though moonless, and there was a gas lamp a little way down Swordblade Alley. The. girl was sare she saw a figure partly emerge from the doorway opposite, and she shuddered. She lit her lantern, but carefully shaded it. She heard Claude's step on the stairs, heard him panse for a moment ontside her door. Oh, how the girl's heart throbbed at that little bit of evidence that her lover thought of her ! and then she heard him climb the riokety stairs that led to his own room. Still she saw the figure lurking in the door way opposite. Now it emerged boldly into tho alley, and she could plainly see that it was I the figure of George Ransom. He waitod and waited. What was he waiting for I At last he crossed the alley towards her, and she could not see him. He was evidently entering the house. Ho had not knocked. Late though it was, the outer door of this liouBe, filled with lodgers of various occupations and hours, was not yet looked. She heard no sound. Could he have remained below 1 No ; for she now heard a faint creaking noise, as of somebody creeping cautiously up the stairs. With all her senses on the stretch, she watched and listened. Ransom had evidently taken off his boots, and was creeping gently up the stairs. Ho paused at her door, and the girl's blood seemed to chill. Could his secret visit be meant for her 1 Had he come to kill her 1 She held her very breath. ' He passed on — crept upward. Now Ransom's usual way was to come home in a noisy, careless, swaggering sort of fashion. There was something ominous in it when he stole upstairs with noiseless tread. He was going to murder .Claude ! The girl's courage came back in a moment. I She seized her Bhaded lantern, opened her door, and glided out. All was dark below and above. No lodger was awake— at least no lights wore burning. She crept up a stair or two behind Ransom. lie must liavo fancied ho heard a sound, for ho stopped, and sho stopped too. Ho wont on again, and she crept softly after — gliding like a ghost. If the wretched old staircaso had been less crazy and rickety, ho must have heard licr ; but every tread of his, however cautious, mado somo noise, which seemed loiul in the lonely dark ness, and swallowed up the sound of her light footfall. It was a long, slow, and fearful ascent, tho climbing of that flight of stairs. At last they were on tho upper floor, tho man and his un suspected watcher. Ho stopped at a door, pushed it gently open, and listened. The full deep breathing of Claude could be distinctly hoard. Annie thought it impossible that the beating of her heart should not attract Ran som's attention ; but there was now a throb bing in the brain, a riuging in the ears, of the man who had' como to do . murder, which almost deafened him. In the dim "rev beam of half-light which came from Claude's window whon tho door was pushed in, Aunio could plainly seo Ransom draw from his pocket a clasp-knife, which ho opened. Now, if she were to scream, would it savo Claude, or would it fail to warn him in time, and only render liis enemy more desperate 1 . Had Ransom looked round at that moment, he must liavo seen her. But ho crept into tho room without looking round, and she glided swiftly in after him. He bent over the bed, as if to make suro where his victim lay. Ho raised tho knife in his right hand. Annie Prince seized his right arm, clung round it with all her strength and weight, and at the same instant, with one sudden, half-uncon- 1 scions, convulsivo movement, flung back the I shade of her lantern, and sent its bright beam of light flashing across tho assassin's face. Then she gave a wild cry for help, and George Ransom dropped on the floor in an epileptic fit, and Claude started up, awake, to see Annie standing beside him, and to learn that her presence and her hand had saved him from death ! epilogue. Gooyge Ransom was out of his senses for some tirno after. Doubtless tho tension of his mind, the vehemence of his passion, and the load of his awful purpose, had wrought him iuto such a condition, that it only needed the sudden shook of Annie's grasp and the blaze of light to shatter for the . time his reason altogether. When he recovered his senses, lie seomod to have recovered also something of his better nature. He emigrated to New Zealand, and will probably never see Sword blade Alley again. Long before Ransom's recovery, Annie Prince was married to Claudo Copin. She had to learn something before the marriage which at first almost bewildered her. The intelligent reader, however, will not perhaps be so much surprised to learn that on the marriage day the bridegroom signed his name not as Claude Copin, but as Ernest Lyttleton. In fact, Mr. Lyttleton had gone in search of a sensation drama, and found it — and with it a dear aud devoted wife and a happy exist ence. Annie and Nellie and he went on the Continent for a year or two, and when they returned to Bettle in London, Mrs. Lyttleton's manners and culture were such that no one ever would have guessed that Ernest had found his wife in Swordblade Alley. But our pair made no secret from their friends of her birth and poverty. Neither he nor she was ashamed of anything her life had known. A very successful drama of the sensation kind was brought out at ono of the London theatres. It had a splendid run. All the town went to see it. Mr. Lyttleton was the author. The only fault tha oritios found with it was that it was too extravagant and improbable. Especially was it urged that the scene which formed the climax never could possibly have taken place in real life. Ernest and Annie were greatly amused at this. They privately maintain that suoh a scene could have taken place, despite the oritics, iu real life ns well as iu a sensation drama. 