in!Sw ry.it- ' ihas been the case (or many years past; and (this can be attributed not to the attractions ^presented, bat to the bettered condition of 'the working classes—though it must be ac knowledged that the claSs of entertainments (now,produced at the London theatres is far superior to those of past years. At Drary ilane 'Antony and Cleopatra' is deser . - vedly having a successful rum so much t so that Mr. Chatterton anticipates he will be in a position candidly to with draw the statement he made some time hack, that * Shakspeare meant bankruptcy.' -Mr. James Anderson, however, is as stagey as ever, and his mannerisms are more i patent night by night. The ill-judged flat tery of his many friends, in some instances finding vent in verse of the most grovelling • description in praise of hiB ' great elocu tionary talents,' causes the judicious to ex (press an opinion that with his master (the late Mr. Macready) he should have left the .-Stage while he was recognised as 'an actor, -elocutionist, and gentleman.' The spectacle ' Antony and Cleopatra' will run up to Christmas, when Mr. E. L. Blanchard's pan tomime will be produced, in which Miss irion Nathan, wh illy beautiful yi , principal characb • become excellent musicians, are connected 1 Marion Nathan, who has now grown into a really beautiful young lady, will appear in a principal character. Her brothers, who have with, one of the ,West-end orchestras. Madame Celeste is again to the fore at the -Adelphi Theatre, in the 'Green Bushes,' bat (her attraction has subsided, and she has been playing for the last two nights to a ' beggarly •account of empty benches.' Madame CeleBte ■ alone of the original cast appeared in the , play—Paul Bedford, 0. Smith, Mrs. Fitz williain, fee., all have gone to 'that bourne from, which no traveller returns.' Miss Woolgar (Mrs. Alfred Mellon), who for the .last 30 years has been connected "with the Adelphi Theatre, has seceded, "with the intention to join the Haymacket forces. The event of the month has been1 -the production at the Queen's Theatre of IMr. Charles Reade's dramatic version of ' The Wandering Heir,' which appeared as the < Christmas story of the Graphic last year. . Mis. John Wood, a most capable actress, ■ appears as Philippa, and Mr. Edmund Leathes, a gentleman well known in dramatic ■ circles in Melbourne, played the hero, James Annesley. This gentleman's performance has been most favourably received by the London press. Says one influential journal: —' This young actor, new to the London boards, made a dedded .hit as James, and .plays the part with so nknichease, finish, and natural expression, that he at once became ■ a favourite with the audience.' The next novelty has been at the Opera Comique. Mr. Hingston, who, you will be glad to hear, has f greatly improved in health, has placed on the \- stage of his theatre Mr. Burnand's burlesque -of 'Little Tom Tug,! otherwise 'The Water-. >man.' It is spoken of as bne of the most • sparkling productions of the present day, bristling with puns, parodies, and playfol ; iie8S..- Mr, Charles Lyall, who some years -back was the tenor of the Melbourne Phil harmonic Society, ' essayed the character •of the nautical hero, 'and appeared to .-great- advantage. All of-Dibdin's origihal musici* introduced, and due effect is given to it both by band and vocalists. Mr. J. B-Howei -hasbeen obliged-to suocumb to adversity. In myTast to you I anticipated he would he • able to hold out till after Christmas, "but : funds fell short,- the 'ghost did; not walk,*' and go the company did. Mr. Howe intends to return to. Australia shortly After Christmas; \- and will bring srith; him several fresh ; novelties. He received a complimentary ' ben/ at the Elephant and Castle Theatre op ' the 12th 6f November, and played the * Surgeon ••of /Paris' and-tire Colleen Bawn/ Mias . Ellen Akhurst also anpe&redio; strengthen the bilL This young laqy is engagedfor Covent-. garden Theatre for Christmas.. Miss Helen Ernstone, sister to Mr. Schott, the. musician of Melbourne, Is still playing Eair Rosamond in Mr: Akhuist's spectacular diama at Astley's amphitheatre. Messrs. ; Spiers and > Pond's new .Criterion, in PjccadilJF. -is really one of thesigtooflondpn.,,. §uch a magnificent building w its kind hds never been seen in Britain? Your PoirtHofiice inMelboume, frith \- anotberistory addod, will fall1 short of what • this lurihBng is., i its > cost has exceeded /The Theatreof the Criterion,; as isl , j$. one fof Jhe., prettiest in It is of hoiseshoe form, wifl'comV : fortaWyhold 800 pteople, The decorations ■ are wmtet gold, and blue, satinhangings, with -smbecisafcm wd white lace curtains. - The \- accommodation: consists of private boxes, • stalls; balcony, and gallery, the latter being • on a levtel with the. street. ' The proprietors had sbmedifficulty in effecting the insurance • of Hie building in one company, but at last .they succeeded, and dre fully insured in the c Queers Insurance Company. Mr. &od; Mrs. •Herman JBsed will take possession, of the theatre at Christmas.'" , So .writes a corre -apondbnt from London, under date November '22, IW3.'' Other items of news state that houowpia Bristol; 'Mr. Bandm&nn; and-his wife, Mws hfflly Palmet, were making a tonri ~ Scotland, and at latest were in . Dunda Lady Don, whose voice -araL esjtuyterie has jrow and ,t— s mnsi&halls; m the provin&i; JtonYlhrieSVtoi* ft? S^itig irithe.Nort w^ lb^eswick ahd clhifci- Mas. Vim ho^at^thoStainian "Mn^HariytJackaMi/ Oltzi''Heads « of a Jhsv Kprpfiocee;4«ringj" 