THE MIDNIGHT EXPRESS, i j a Wild Story. It wanted a few minutes to 12 when, cold and shivering, my great coat saturated with the rain and hail which was inces santly falling, I entered the little waiting' room in the village of N . The mid night express would not pass for an hour, and how to while away the time, in my present uncomfortable position, was a mystery indeed. The few cinders that now and then sent up "a spark from the great heap of ashes on the hearth were very un inviting. What were they to the vast acres of ice and sleet without ? What was the little thin breath of bdat that slowly forced itself from them to the great howl ing icy blasts of winter that swept with a careless moan around the little station, creeping through every crack and crevice, as if bent on making any unlucky occupant as cold as themselves. For a moment I was at a loss what to do, so taking a few hasty turns round the room I stopped at the window. There was nothiug there to entice me. The few scattered houses of the village, clad in their snowy mantles, looked like huge tomb stones ; and indeed they might have been for any life that was visible about them. Not a sound to be heard, not a form to be seen, nothing but the wild howling of the wind and the ceaseless driving of the rain. A heavy blast sent me shuddering from the window, and I turned instinctively to the iireplace. The cinders were nearly burnt out, but I stirred what was left together, and drew in a bench close to the chimney, stretched myself on it, and pulling my coat close around me, determined to bear the situation as best I might. What a time for thought! Visions of blazing fireplaces, easy slippers, and big arm-chairs thronged one after the other. I do not know how it was, but soon I began to forget the cold within and the storm without, and the 10 minutes had slipped around almost imperceptibly. The train came in slowly, and I found myself. rolling along past lines of white snow-covered fields and groves of trees, tryieg to make out how they stood the weight of ice that covered them, and the bitter blast that swept around them, and tlien came forth again from the mass of death to such a beautiful new life. My reveries were broken by a touch upon the shoulder, and looking up I saw the conductor of the train standing- beside me, I his face livid as a ghost- and his eyes start-1 ing from their sockets. I was about to speak, but with a motion to be silent, and a glance nt the sleeping passengers in the car, he beckoned me to follow liinj. As IJ rose to my feet I became slightly conscious ; of the anise of bis terror, for I felt myself I hurled violently back to my position, and I' knew it was from some unusual motion of j the cars. j The conductor grasped me by the arm, and by holding on to the seats we made our way to the door. The blast of wind that swept in our faces, almost taking' away our breath, revealed to me the dreadful velocity with which we were travelling. I tried in vain to make out some object on the side of the road. Trees and fields flew behind us •with the speed of a whirlwind. We seemed tn be driven through some dreadful region of darkness, illumined ODly by immense showers of sparks, that wore tossed and whirled above us. A part of my companion's terror had seized me, and I begged him to explain the reason of this awful speed. lie made 110 answer, but, holding with a firm grasp the railing of the platform, he crossed to the baggago car, looking behind for me to foiinw. We reached nt length the tender of the train, and climbing- upon it, at the risk of our lives, he pointed to the engine. For a moment I was unable to see, and then the dreadful reality burst upon me. From the furnace of the engine an intolerable light shone, and wild flames leapt and coiled about it, as if seeking to devour the Iron that defied-them. Amidst the glare stood the engineer; he had abandoned his posi tion, and was hurling block after block of; wood into the roaring (lames. Disdaining the heat, he seemed like a demon in his element. lie wore no cap, and his long hair was flying behind him in the red light in an unearthly way. Ife turned for a moment towards us, and the wild look on his haggard features ex plained the mysterv. His eyes were glaring with a fierce light, and his open mouth and £mashin<r teeth told us he was a maniac. To a thinking mind it pa grave thought to see a hundred human beings whirled along at quick speed, tln-ir lives dependent on the skill and knowledge of one man. Careful and prudent though he he, there is always a chance of a mishap, always room for 'some unforseen oecurronec that will hurl his precious freight to a dreadful death. Imagine, then, the horror of our situation. Here was the engineer to whom •we had entrusted our lives, his post abandoned, the train, which Wiis under his charge alone, driving on at a rate that threatened everv minute to bring on us tho direst destruction, and ho a raving madman, doing all id his power to aid the hastening catastrophe. My blood seemed to turn to ice. my body was paralyzed, and my eves rive tied with an unconquerable fascination on the awful being before me. What was he about to do ? I clung in terror to inv speechless companion, for the maniac darted a wild look at us, and then plunged into the burn ing furnace. Was he going to destroy him self? Was be about to increase with his own body the fierce heat that was driving us on ? A moment of agonv, and then a bright stream of light darted from the midst of the flames directly towards us, and over our heads, with a loud whir, llcw a blazing log of fire. As quick as possible we moved to a more secure position, and with trembling voices debated what to do. '' Where i* the fireman of the engine ?* Tho conductor pointed to the far end of the tender. There hVs lay a ghastly corpse, the blood oozing from a long red wound on his forehead, and his lifeless body jolting aud rolling with every movement of the (lying cars. A sight of his p.tie countenance banished all preconceived ideas of stealing upon and securing the insane engineer: and when my companion proposed it, and I glanced at that white livid face, and hi? gaze followed mine, we turned with u. shudder from the thought, a thousand times preferring the awful situation we were in! to the certainty of the dreadf-ul death we! saw before us. j A low whistle came swelling from the' distance, more constant than the storm, stronger than the crackling furnace. The conductor gasped for breath. We had> passed the switch that should have led us to the other track, and here we were driving; tiling at this mad spaed in the very face of a coming train. 1 1 Something must now be done; death stared at us on every side. Here the crushed and maAgled form from the col lision ; there a more revotiing death from the hand of a mad fellow-creature. The whistle grew stronger. The head light of | the coming engine appeared like a star in the distance, fast increasing in brilliancy ; | and now I could see pale scared faces look ; ing from the windows of our train, wonder ing at the fearful clatter the cars were making, and striving to fathom the cause why they were whirling along at such an awful speed. Two or three of the boldest had gained the end of the baggage car, be hind the tender, and in tones of desperate men demanded of the conductor the reason of this extraordinary velocity; but he, pale and speechless, only answered them by a terrified stare. Whence that wild cry—that dark flitting shadow ? We fell back in horror, for the mad engineer had espied the coming train, and leaped to the top of his engine, and there, like some dreadful fury, the blazing fire below lighting up his wild features, danced and beckoned to the fast approach ling cars. Every minute lie seemed likely j to be hurled off, and then there might have : been some hope of stopping the train. But I he bore a charmed life, and swaying with | every motion of the engine he laughed and [chattered with a fiendish malice. | Now we could see plainly the coming I train, the excited faces that crowded the j platforms, the desperate effort of the en igineer to decrease liis speed. On, on it [ came, the wild screaming whistle, telling of I the pent up agony of so many hearts. A moment and that mass of human beings will be hurled into eternity. And now, now! O minute of horror! They close. Oh, God, protect us! We shut our eyes, another wild scream from that whistle, a crash, and all is over. I felt myself hurled high in the air, and then my senses slowly returned. I opened my eyes and found myself standing shivering from fright and cold, in the middle of the little waiting-room floor. I could not believe my senses. Was it only a dreadful dream through which I had passed ? I rushed to the window. There stood the snow-covered houses of N , and directly before me the midnight express just arrived. " Right there!" sounded in my ear, and with a murmured prayer of thanks that my phantom ride was but a nightmare, I leapt upon the train, and was soon whirling towards home. The memory of that fearful hour, with the mad engineer, stayed long with me; and the wild glare of his eyes, his haggard and ghastly countenance, kept me awake" many a night, until one bright moonlight evening Bessy promised to be my own. Since then her soft blue eyes and pretty face have banished the dreadful features of the engineer, and now I have almost forgotten uiy midnight ride with the maniac.— Youmj Man of Great Britain. 