THE LADY'S COLUMN. KI0HT NOISES. Br K. ob N. The'-voicesofrimnight-wpeak tons in a language peculiarly their own. They have neverbeen tranriatod,ah<l they *Ul herer bear ft The lonely ritt5<-upl ofthe lier awake-in-bed, hears solemn aad mysterious sounds, for which reason is wholly at a loss to acooant UriSut hlyotope mswndthestairs. unearthly bands open doorg. Tape come to windows tiU one u tompfed, like Edgar mb the ca Allen. Poe, to throw-open the casement and admit the rayen to tell his tale of honor. If we are upstairs some one is walking on the verandah, if we are downstairs he u on the .balcony, lie is in.the next room tooa in the hall* in the passages, in the dark.. Bat sis soon as we.go out -with the candle he. vanishes. He Is without form, without substance—a mere sound, an echo it maybe, a creation of the imagination—jbut whoever or whatever he may be. he atrikesmore tenor into the* souls of thousands thsn ooold the form of a substantial burglar vfith his stockings on over his .boots, and with a jimmy in one hand and a knife in the other. . The editor of this paper, for some reason that no donbt appear^ sound to him, bat which I am unable to sea invariably pub lishea my articles in the " Ladies' Column." I have the depressing consciousness on me that if I wrote on war, politics, or science— if I speculated on yevefation, or worked up an elaborate treatise on the ethnology of the Australian aboriginals—if I squared the circle, or solved the problem for determining longi tude—my contribution would be considered as fit only for feminine reading, and a certain compulsion would be put upon me to intro duce extraneous light matter, such as ladies are supposed to delight in. Now, " night noises," properly speaking, is a subject that I would wish to keep out of the sight of women. I would regret writing anything that would make the enforced hours of loneliness that our wives are occasionally compelled -to spend, when unavoidable busi ness takes as away from home, more mise rable than the absence of our society makes inevitable. It must be hard for women to be compelled to go to bed without the comfort ing feeling upon them that their natural protectors are by their side should circum stances call for their aidj it is worse, a thousand times worse, if au irresistible sense of dnty induces them to sit up till their husband's return. And here I must digress for a moment to express my extreme disapproval, grounded on extensive experience, of those wives who think it necessary to sit np while . their husbands are abroad. It answers no good purpose, and leads to several bad. Every minute that she sits up after the hour she thinks he should come home her temper is getting gradually spoiled; while, on the other hand, every minute that he loses of the evening's amusements (for business, it must be remembered, is the amusement of family men), through over anxiety to return to his home and so allow his wife to go to bed, helps to. spoil his. The nocturnal noises that result when two people meet, both of whose tempers are spoiled, and each of. whom considers the other to be in thewrong, are of a kind totally different from those which I have undertaken to write about There may be war, there may be recrimina tions, but from the moment when the man sets foot on his threshold the taps at the window, the knocks in the wainsootting, the creaking of the stairs, and the steps in the room overhead are heard jut mpra. w The whispers of (he supernatural burglars m the empty rooms oe&se;, the ghosts that hovered about the dark passages are silent, and in their place is only heard the voice of the woman reciting the tale of his misdeeds and her wrongs. Night noises are only heard to perfection when we are utterly alone. Any companion ship, even that of a child, will make as deaf to them. But the companion must be in the room and awake. It is not the slightest protection to have others in the house, even in the room, with' you, if they are asleep. Ghosfo have a peculiar cunning, and avoid the waking sodetyot more than one, They love to hover around the lonely pillow, to dance like moths about the aoors and windows of the lighted room where a solitary watcher is passing the midnight hours; but, unlike the moth, they never bum their winding sheets by bringinR them with in the influence of the lamp. The charmed circle of the light keeps them at bay, but outride of it they play all sorts of fantastic tridrs, tapping furniture in a way that sends to the ha thrills to the heart of the listener, awakening sad echoes iff . sounds that: never had a hamm through the: slumbering chambers ofthe house; setting the ear and nerves <m .peck to catoh the next note of the weird unearthly music they are dancing to.. : The three most common of the nightly noises that startle the lonely listener ate those that assimilate themselves to the sound of burglars either breaking into or actually in the house, the crackling of fire in a distant apartment, or ghosts pure and simple. Almost every one has his or her pet horror, sothrithe .piirglarof one will be the fire of another, sad the ghost of a third. The sound of fire is usually heard when one if bins awake in bed, and mothers of young children are peculiarly subject to it. Almost anything at night will serve to convey a viyidandoverwhcdniing impression that the house Is in flamea ■ the window shaken to irt ^mcntwito tito wfaithe huatingp] a bottfo igTbeer irijhs the antics of cats on the tiles. The ordinary course when an alarm offire seism one u to scfoand ewidten the household, put clothes, out»and1tbenBet outinaoarchof warned hufhand distrusts the anspldon of fits. } 'ofWmttianaiS the mansion of the sdiUtteV. Sto'.t eiders bis manhood shamed by oi dread of burglars. We hear tue 'i window frame, the file at the skeleton key in the lock, the ^ stealthily catting the glass so ns to alio* hand to he iwmd in to undo the fasten {keeping fe&iira.; come' over us. We . ,, pictures ofthewtab in the dark. One'net In bete, feet and night-shirt tnssllng fo life with a Bhbrt-haired, body ant whose hob-nailed boots crash covered toes to mnmm/. Wemay we may wish to defend oar wives ' famPtea to the hut gasp; bat that,itnagj burglar, wielding imaginary weapo iiwnginnry fn|y, thirfltiog blood than plunder, is a being that 1 can thihk ot cahnly aa weSit opiate . by ourselves or lie awake In the boats. . s' In the bright light of the son, weary ghosts are blinking in.th places, when tire burglars hare slunk to til dens and the demon of fire is taking siesta, ho sound breaks the eileneebrtlm honae that is tenanted by only one, mfchk will read this .paper in the daylight, wan smile, perhaps and say, " What nonsense! X would sit ap all night and hear nothing bat noises for which I could account," ' V •"l But let the boaster read this late at nightr alone—with the rest of the hgose dark, with everyone but himself asleep,' with nooneto whom he can turn for an explanation oC thin noise or that, that he mast hearualsss hefis deaf, and then let me know whether he will continue to boast The noises'bf the night have a way of their own of taking tin dag boast out of people. 