THE GRAZIER. Grass" and Fodder Plants. TflK following paper, ou grasses und fodder plants, \ rend by Dr. Sclioniburgk, Diroctor of tho Botanic G dens, Adoluido, before tho Chamber of Manufacfcur and is published hy blio South Australian Government Your ISxcolleney ¡md Gentlemen,-No doubt you v nyree with mo that in the Household of Nature there not a moro important tribe of plants than that of t grasses, ¡is upon tho seeds of thc cereal division vu than two-third» of the population of thc globo subáis Tho samo remark is also applicable in regard to t ¡uihniil world. To tho graminivorous animals, wlii uro the most Humorous amongst tho mummuliti, t value of grass ns fodder is han Hy second to that ol' et for human food; and a considerable portion of* t feathered tribe hvn also upon thc seeds of grasses. "Without wheat, rye, barley, oats, maize, (íuin corn, rico, "what would become of us '! it is Haid tb rico alone forms the food of three-fourths of tho bun» race ; in other wordH, of bo*woon six am I seven bundi* millions of tho pojiuliitiou of tho world. Aa nothing «¡in bo uninteresting which is comiecfci with tho habits of :i tillie of snob vast importance niau and beast, F. will, before proceeding to thu ronlo jeet of this evening's lecture, mention a few moro : lu.itrativo facts. Professor Lindley says in his work, "Tho Vogotab Kingdom," the uso of thia most important tribe of plan fur food, fodder, clothing, &a;, requires little illustr. tion. Tho abuudanuo of wholesome fraila continue in their seeds renders them peculiarly well adapted fi tlie sustenance of niau ; ¡iud if the cereal grasses onhj such as wheat, harley, rye, oats, maize, Guinea, con vice, aro tho kinds commonly employed, it is because < tho largo size of their grain compared with that, ofotlu grasses, for none aro unwholesome in their natural stat) nilly ono hind being known amongst the whole trihi namely, tho drake (Lolium temulantnm Lin.), thu ol feels of which arc unduubtedlv deleterious. .Sugar is :i general ¡u'oiluct of grasses. Kor oeoiioiii esl purposes grasses arc oftonof much importance. 1 wil only mention tho bamboo, which in some parts of th world, especially in Asia, is employed as timber an cordage. Plants of a grass, called in South Amelie " Taquarussu," uro living fountains. They grow fi-oi thirty to forty feet high, with a diameter of six inche from thorny impenetrable thickets, and aro exceeding ly grateful to travellers ¡md hunters ; for on cutthi such ¡i reed below a joint, the skin of thc younger shoot is found to bo full of a cool liquid, which quenches th most burning thirst. To this 1 cnn testify, us during our travels in South America, w hailed with delight such ¡i copse of reed to quench om* thirst, iîcsiilo» thés» properties of th grasses I may also mention their use for paper, cordage straw plaiting, &o.; In fact, the value of this order ti mankind is boundless, and I should trespass too mucl on your patience if I ventured to tell you all of th economical purposes to which tho products of the dif feront grasses arc applied. Besides these properties of thcgi'amiuace:o their inor gunieproductsaroulsoremarkable. Tlieotiticlecoiituiii.si large proportion of silex, us is proved, according to Pro fessor Lindley, by its hardness ¡ind by masses of vitri lied matter being found whenever a haystack or heap o com is accidentally consumed by fire. With tho exception of the genus bamhuscL (bamboo) Nature has not lavished oa tho representatives of thu most important ami interesting order of tho vegctubh world much outward beauty, nor hus tho enthusiasm o ancient and modern bards been excited by them, as ii tho case so frequently iii praise of other plants, whicl Luve boon endowed by Nature with every beauty ti ploaso by tho oyo, but without tho slightest usu to man kind. I think we ¡ill, indeed, arc apt to look on tin grasses with too much indifference, that they constitute in agre.it degree thc staff of our life. Professor Lindley says further :-" The great mass of herbago known by thc mimo of .sedges ¡md grasses constitutes, perhaps, a twelfth part of tho described .species of dowering plants, and at least nine-tenths of the number of individuals composing, tho vegetation of tlus world ; for it is the chief source of tho verdure which covcr.'i the earth, especially of northern coun- tries, with a gay carpet during tho year." I extract tho following account of tho geographical distribution of grasses by Professor Shaw :."The family is-very numerous. In the system ol' Koemer and Schuldes thoi*o aro 1SO0 ; und since this work, were it brought to a conclusion, would probably contain .10,000 in all, it may bo assumed that the gras.se« form a. twonty-scconil part. It in moro than probable, however, that in futuro tito grasses will increase in a larger ratio than tho other phaucorguuic plants, I and that perhaps tho just proportion will bo as one to I twenty, or as ono to sixteen. " Greater still will he their proportion to vegetation ni general when the number of individuals is taken into account, for in this respect most, if not all, of the classes aro inferior. With regard to locality in mich u large family very littlo can bc advanced. Th oro arc, however, both land and water grasses, but no marino plants. Thoy occur in every soil, in society with others anil alone ; tho hist to such a degree UH entirely to occupy con- siderable districts, Sand appears to be less favourablo to this class ; but oven this has species nearly peculiar to itsolf. Grasses exist under tho equator, on the mountains of tho south of Europe, where they ascend almost to thc snow linc, and on the Amies. The greatest dilfcreuco between tropical and extra tropical grasses appear.'! to he tho following :-Thc tropical glasses nuqiiiro a much greater height, and occasionally assume tho appearance of trees. Some species of liatnbusa aro finia fifty to sixty feet high. The leaves of tho tropical grasson are bloat lor, und approach moro in form those of other families of plants. .Separate sexes are moro frequent in tho tropical grasses, tho Howers aro «öfter, moro downy, and elegant. The oxtra-ti'opibal grasses, on tho contrary, far surpass the tropical in respect of tho number of individuals. That compact grassy turf which, especially in thu-coldcr parts of tho temperate zones, in spring midsummer composes tho green meadows and pastures, is almost entirely wanting in tho torrid zone. Tho grasse i thora do not grow crowded together, but, like other plmils, moro dispersed. Tho contribution of tho cultivated grasses i.-i ono of tho most interesting subjects, und I beg you will indulge und not grudge mo if I go into lengthened details of this interesting point. It is determined not merely by elimata, bat depends on tho cultivation, industry, and traltio of tho people, and often on historical ovonts. Within tho northern polar circle ugri oulturo is found only in a few places. In Siberia grain raiohoB at tho utmost only to GO dogs., in tho eastern parts scarcely above 55 dogs., und in 'Kamtschatka there is no agriculture oven in tho most southern parts (ol dogs). Tho polar limit of agriculture on tho north-west coast of America appears to ho some- what higher, for in thu inure Southern Russian posses- sions (O? dogs to ¡VJ dogs) harley »nd rye cume to ma- turity. On thurns!; coast of America it in scarcely abovu Tit) dogs m- .VJ dogs. Only in Kuropr, mimuly, in Lnidiind, is the polar iiniit un unusually high lati- tude- 70 dogs, lioyorid this dried fish, mid here »nd there potutou», supply tho place of grain. Tho grains which extend furthest to tho north Europe uro barley und oats. These, which in t milder climates aro not used for bread, afford to t inhabitants of tho northern parts of Norway a: Sweden, of a part of Siberia and Scotland, their chi vegotabio nourishment. Itye is tho next, which is sn stituted for tho inferior kinds of grain. This is t prevailing grain in a groat part of tho northern temi peate zone, namely, in the South of Sweden and Nr way, Denmark, and in all the lands bordering on t. Baltic, the north of Germany, and part of Siberia. It is a very remarkable eircmnstanco that the natl country of wheat, oats, barley, and rye should be e tirely unknown: for although oats and bailey we found by Colonel Chesney apparently wild on the ban of the Euphrates, it is doubtful whether they arc n tho remains of cultivation. This has lcd to an opini- on tito part of some persons that all our cereal grass arc artificial productions, obtained accidentally, h retaining their habits, which have become fixed in tl course of ages. Having attempted to impress on your-minds tho ir porhuncc of this most valuable and interesting order tho vegetable world, upon which the existence of tl human race mainly depends 1 will now go overto the su jeet of this evening's lecture, namely-"Thc Grass and Fodder Plants which may bc beneficial to thesqua ter and agriculturist in South Australia." î\o doubt yoii will agrco with mo that there aro fe circumstances in which the agriculturist and squatt of this colony have been so inattentive as to the natu: and produce of their pasturo lands-namely, the gra and fodder plants. It is also true that tho cultivation < artificial grasses and fodder plants will ar never can bc so general boro as afc home on account i thc largo extent of ¿Misturo land in the possession < the squatter, and on account of the insuperable dill culty arising from climate and thc droughts to whic some parts of the Colony ure often subjected, which against the culfcivationof most of thc artificial grasses and there ure not many liuropean and foreign grass which would live throughout; thc year and will rene themselves annually. I viii say first a few words regarding our oath grasse-., of which I nm sony to say so many speen lia vc already, died out from cultivation and dcpasturiii since possession has been taken by European!-. It is a historical fact, whenever man settles in mic country he exercises a potent inthience over the iud gonous vegetation ami animals, especially if the intri deis arc «if an agricultural and pastoral pursuit. Tl; plough, thc axe, thc herds, ure enemies to vegetation and as cultivation advances one representativo afti the other succumbs to the foreign influence. The he: bago suffers first, thc native animals second1, and eve man succumbs, of which many countries, cspeciall America, have given us examples. lint the plough, tho axe. the herds are not the sol destroyers of tho nativo herbage. No ; with cultivi tiou are introduced noxious weeds of other countries which if they have taken ground spread with alarmin rapidity and become possessors of the ground, growin often moro luxuriantly in their new abode. As au example, I will call your attention only t seven of such noxious intruders in South Australia viz :-Tile so-called dandelion (Oryptostemma. calen dulacca, ll.Uir.), the cockspur^Ccníaxo'caiHoUíensíí Lin.), the [Scotch thistles (Oardnus marianus, Lin. and Onopordon, acanlhium, Lin.), tho Bathurst bm 'Xtmthium spino.mm, Lin.), the French oatchfl ' (Silene gallica, Lin.), and the stinkastcr, (Anthem^ colula, Lin.), natives of the Cape ¡md Eurolie, whic already cover large tracks of pasture land, and wi extend further and further to tho destruction of tb native herbage. You will agree with nie, especially tho squatter, c tho seeming failure of thc nativo grasses, and that th feeding properties of our native pastures have scriousl declined of late years. Many close observers will have missed airead; several kinds of herbage, especially annuals or summe grasses, in our neighbourhood, and tho representative of other, kinds arc becoming loss every year. lint thi is not alone tho case with the annual, but also with tin perennial herbage. I will only call your attention ti the well-known and so useful kangaroo grass (Anthis Uria viliala, Lin., iii), which in tho early days of thi colony we found everywhere, and formed a great par bf the pasture grass. It hus now disappeared over from localities u-jiich it formerly almost monoiiolized, It has been relished so much by the stock that it hui been fairly eaten out of the ground, ami 1 fear wil' soon disappear entirely ; and a good matty otho grasses will follow. Hut not alone in South Australia, but ¡dso in South Africa, vegetation changes uro going on through thc introduction of sheep. In a paper by Mr.|l". Shaw, ol South Africa, read tho other day by Mr. Th. Dyer be- fore tho Koyal Botanical Society, London, Mr. Shaw remarks :-" Civilization and sheep have introduced fie Bathurst; burr. In Orange State wool bas become so filled Avitb those burrs that its value has been deteriora- ted nearly iii) per cont., and the Government have legislated _ for its compulsory destruction. Tho sheep, in connexion with the over-stocking of farms are doing Very serious injury directly to the vegetation by eating down thc betterand moro agreeable plants, giving range to poisonous and bitter, ones. Since sheep have been introduced the grasses have very fast disappeared ; the ground, by the flurried inarch of the sheop for food amongst a scattered bush, hus become beaten and hardened, and tho seasonable rains, which do como occasionally din ing the summer, uro accordingly allowed to run otV the surface without soaking in tho ground to the extent formerly the case. The grasses and her- bage disappear, tho country is drying np, and becoming ¡i semi-desovt." The author further refers to tho great increase of poisonous and bitter herbage, no that it wits dangerous to have stock on many farms which formorly were free from any injurious herbs. AV'e soo from tho above that tho South African squat tors have the simm causo of complaints regarding tho introduction of noxious and poisonous and tho extirpa- ting of tho indigenous nutritious plants as tho South Australian squatters have. You will ask " What is tho eauso of this ?" Nothing is moro easily answered- tho constant pasturing on tho runs tlnoughout thu year. Tho grasses and other herbs aro prevented ensuring their reproduction from seed, ¡uni as thc sheep crop very closely, the plants soon succumb, having no chance whatever of being re- produced from seed. Erom this fact and from those relating to thc disap- pearance of choice grasses, it is known that especially tho sheop devoto their attention to kinds of grasses which they most like and leave tho inferior grasses untouched. MosHj-nf our better kinds of nativo grasses have no tendency lo form a close turf, and growing mostly tussocky, uro moro easily eaton by thu sheep ont ot tho ground and destroyed. Tho perennial grasses sailor also from tho constaut trampling upon them by the stock. 1 saw tito other day a letter in one of tho volumes of tho Farm and Garden, which will Illustrate to you tho state in which tile nativo grasses were fouiid'heio in tho first duy.'i ol' the colony. The writer of tho letter, who signs himself " Mualhigii," says: "Tho lirsi-sur- veyors coming down to Ynnknlillti.' pitched their tents in a lino open valley or plain, where thuy found tho grass so luxuriant and tull that it could h'otied over a horse's back. This they mowed and nmdo into hay, und from tko circumstance of tho stacks hoing accident- ally burnt, they culled tho placo ' Hay Plat.' This name, tho writer says further, it has continued to bear undeservedly up to the present time ; although I think it high time for it tobe altered to a less pretending one, for its present aspect reminds one no moro of the above narrative than does a fairy tale or a ghost story of real life. Indeed a modern explorer visiting the sxiot now would call it rush or stony valley." As I hiivc mentioned before, I fear very few artificial grasses can be grown With profit and advantage on the runs, and so tho squatters must bo dependent upon the native grasses. The only resource will bo to encourage thegrowth of these. No doubt, if properly cultivated, native grasses would be tho most suitable for pasturage on the runs. Their seeds should be collected, and care should bo taken to procure those sorts of which sheep ami cattle arc fondest, and on which they thrive best. Of such grasses several acres should bo sown in well-prepared soil, and fenced in for tho sake pf procuring annually a quantity of seed, which should be sown on such spots which arc deficient of herbage. Those spots should bc ploughed and the seed properly sown and harrowed in. No doubt these seeds, sown before the ruin set in, will grow afterwards without any further trouble. Qr the runa should be divided into sub-divisions. Annually one of these divisions should not bo grazed, for thc purpose of replacing the pasturage. Thc grasses should grow unmolested, flower, ripon, and scatter their seeds, so us to ensure their reproduction. Un- doubtedly such a system of rotation would be very beneficial, and improve tho growth of the pasture ma- terially. I think wc nil know, ai ul especially the tanner, tim tn farm profitably grazing should go hand in hand witl corn-growing, and that tho farmer as wll as thc srpiat ter'will find it advantageous to'have a paddock o artificial grasses near his homestead, in som suitable and confined spot, for tho purpose o keeping stock which requires to be kept in goo condition during the summer months ; but to keep sud a paddock during this time in a growing condition, fear some difficulty will he found in South Australia. Even with irrigation, we could not expect to produo such aline turf as that with which Ave were so familia at home ; and every farmer will agree with nie that i is not only raised by manuring and irrigation,.-;.hut bj the humid climate and the mild summer showors th.v fall at home. Hut withour dry climate, the.thermome ter ranging frequently from SOdegs. to lOOdcgs. at thii season of summer, I think it improbablo that wi ever will realise that linc turf which a humid climate will produce- _ .'.'!.;''? I have found that there are not many kinds of foreigi: grasses which will stand our arid droughts. My sever years' experience anil experiments with tho acclimatiza- tion of grasses from all parts of the globe have, I am sorry to say, not resulted with such favorable success as I should have wished. I have sown every year (JO or SO kinds of grasses, which during tho winter months have mostly grown luxuriantly, but as soon as the dry weather set in, be- gan to suffer and perish. I will givo you now the results of my experiments, not alone with grasses, but also other fodder plants, and will call to your attention those kinds which for years have stood well the test of your arid climate ; and I am confident that they arc permanent in their dur- ation, and well worthy atrial, if only a little'care and attention is paid to their culture ; but it is generally thought that any treatment will do for grasses. With tho exception of lucerne, I think very little trouble has yet been bestowed on' tho culture of arti- ficial grasses by thc farmer and the squatter, because, as tho phrase goos " they will not pay for tho trouble," but I think, instead of moralising on tho theme, I will bring facts before you. I shall only dwell at any length on those grasses and fodder plants which from my own practical experience I have found suited to our climate, and which, as before mentioned, most of them I have cultivated for the last seven years, in the experimental ground in thc Botanic Garden. I must remark; ¡it the same time, that I have bestowed on them not thc slightest care in regard to watering during the summer, only that they have been kept clear from weeds, and tho soil has been yearly dug once. I will begin with the famous bunch grass of British Columbia (Elymus condennatus, Presl ), of which His Excellency thc Governor speaks so highly from his own experience. Before going into a description of this esteemed grass, I must remark, that my attention to this plant was called by an English agricultural paper, the Farmer. I resolved immediately to introduce this grass, ¡md suc- ceeded in receiving from my friend in Edinburgh-Mr. .). Anderson Henry-a little seed, which was sown in a seed pan. Tho young seedlings were planted July last in the experimental ground. From tho samples before you, you will observe the progress the plant has made. I must observo that they have not boon watered : and I am glad to assuro you that the last week's unusually hot and dry weather bas had not the slightest effect on the plants : and I am hopeful that tho bunch grass will stand our climato, and that it will become one of our best artificial grasses, 1 will read now tho interesting extract rrom tue Farmtr to show 5'ou how highly tho bunch grass iß thought of at home, esocciallv in Scotland : "Mr. Robert Brown, Collector for tho British Colum- bia Botanical Association, Edinburgh, was enabled in 1803 to send homo a supply of seeds of tho bunch grass, and thus lirst introduced it into Britain. " To most of the members of this Association, grass seeds, however, present little or no attraction, and with the exception of what fell to tho slniro of tho Bo- tanic Gardens and J. Anderson Hom-y, Esq., Hay Lodge, together with a fow plants in our own collec- tion, thc bunch grass of British Columbia was so utterly neglected that it might have been lost to tho country, notwithstanding.that its merits, both as carly forage and an abundantly productivo hay grass, aro likely yet to, secure for it a highly prominent place among tho cultivated agricultural plants of Britain. "With us tho hunch grass has gono on increasing annually in stivturo, and although grown in tho past dry summer on rather poor unmanurod soil, a plant was nearly eight foot threo inches in height. It sur- passed in bulk of crop the grass then growing in tho neighbouring famed sowage-irrigatcd meadows of Edinburgh. So that as a highly productivo early cutting grass it ranks fur before, any other known kind. "In cultivating thc British Columbia bundi grass, wo would recommend sowing it in drills or bods, allowing it to grow thoro for at least ono season, and then transplauting it in well-cleaned land at adiutanuo of twolvo to Hf tenn inchos apart. Tho seedlings nmko but little growth, and nevor run to seed iu the first season. Hoeing or wooding will thcroforo bo rcqulrod throughout tho lirst luimmur and autumn uftor trans- plantation, I nit af tor wan hi tho plants will ho sullloiontly strong to ovorpowor most kinds of weeds, anil they will seemingly grow on in full vigour for a long series of years. " Subsequent to our foromcntloned notice of this bunch grass, wo havo received tho following particulars Elora of Alaska, formorly known as itUHSiiiii Amorica, vioinity of Eort St. Junios (lut. Dr V Ñ.) lilford tho hunch grass of tho packers. So nutritious is that even when apparently dead and dry stock will become fat on it,, and .romain so under hard work for long periods if this bo plentifully supplied. "In a recent California newspaper a, correspondent mentions that in tho vicinity of tho Boise Basin, in Idaho Territory, ' tho blue top bunch grass ' covers tho hills, and is as good as hay, some even considering it as approaching in its nutritive qualities to grain. There may, however, bc some doubt whether ono of the other bunch grasses, and not the JSlymus canden sv tus, may be that hero noticed. But tho most recent reliable and important information regarding it is con- tained in the following letter to Mr. Robert Brown, of tho British Columbian Botanical Expedition, from a friend who lived for several years in the bunch grass Country : " 'Lyneiil, Ellesmere, Sept. 0, 1809. " Dear Sir,-Yon ask my opinion of tho bunch grass of the central pluteuu, or table lands ol' British Columbia- Klymm comUnsntiis, as J. believe you botanists call it. After a live years' experience of that country I can bear testimony to the nutritious and fattening properties of this «russ, fur surpas- sing, I believe, those of* any other known liorb. A. few tacts «.iii abundantly illustrate this. " Iii the early years of the colony, before oats or barley hail been imported, this bunch grass was the only (as it is still th« principal) food of the trains ol' mules and homes which, heavily laden with provisions and goods, followed tho golfl dijrgers into the mines, over tho roughest possible trails. I have ridden hundred-* of miles on horses whose sole support was this bunch grass. Turned loose nt sunset, when tho camping-ground was reached, to feed, they were found next moruinir as fresh and gay as ever. Iuileed, on such a journey, if not. ridden too hard, they would rather gain flesh than lose it. " In my essay ou British Columbia,page -10, Ilmve spoken of the marvellous increase of slock in that part of the country, an inoreuseowing, I believe, mainly to the amount ol'vital energy imparted by thc grass. " Then, as you are aware the droves of cattle which sup- plied beef to the mines of Cariboo, had been driven OOO miles from Oregon, yet they were in excellent condition on theil' arrival, owing to tho excellent pasturage which refreshed them each night after tho journey of tho day. " Finally, both horses and cattle used losuvvlve winters ol great severin-; so long as there was not too much snow foi' them lo push aside Uley would subsist, on what tufts nf bunch grasa they eon hi reach! lt uiuM. have been hard times fur them, but ¡hey liuinugml lo survive. . '.lam rejoiced lo hear that thc experiment of hying this grass near .ISdiuburgli has succeeded so admirably, and 1 t rust agriculturists may be ludueed to try ou alargo seule,as lain convinced farmers and cattle-breeders would soon learn to appreciate its muscle-making and fattening properties. " Believe me, dear Sir, " lt. C. LUXDIK lilíOWN, " Vicar of Iiyneal. Salop." Tho second grass on my list is the so famous Guinea grass-(í'iuiv'iíni maximum, Jacq.)-a native of tropi j cal Africa, from whence it has Ileon introduced to South America and thc "West Indies. His Excellency tho , Governor on several occasions has spoken highly of this valuable grass, in regard to its nutritious qualities, having hcaomo acquainted with it during his stay in the "West Indies. My personal observations of a few years residence in South America confirm His Excel- lency's experience in every respect. i I can. assure you in JJemerava I have seen it attain a I height" of six to eight feet. One acre of Guinea grass will keep two cows or a horse throughout the year, as it will give under cultivation at least four or five crops a yeai\ I have seen people cutting from ono acre every day so much as they wanted for their horses or cows, } and when they came to thc end of the acre, thc first portion cut had grown sufficient to cut again, and could bo repeated four or five times throughout the year. It is not to be expected that we could «lo the same thing hero, as tho growth in South Australia can never be compared with that of South America. If it is cut there four or five times a-year, wc can scarcely expect that it can be done more than twice here. I believe the Guinea grass will bo a useful paying grass with us, especially in favourable localities ; it re- quires a deep moist soil. According to my five year's observation on tho plants iii thefgarden, it is capable of enduring during tho summer, when it grows most rapidly, a degreo of heat and drought which has proved destructive to almost any other kind of grass growing in thc experimental ground. But I must remind all who intend to plant, and will secure, a luxuriant growth of Guinea grass, that it must not be thought, as is generally thc case; that any treatment will do for grasses. It must he planted on prepared ground, the plants eighteen or twenty inches apart, and the land kept clear from weeds. 1 will also mention that it will not hear being fed down nor tranvplcd upon hy cattlo or sheep, hut must he cut. The next grass is the well-known prairie-grass I ( Bromus unioloides, Humboldt), a native of Central I America, which I think has been so early as 1S5S intro- duced into tho colony. Notwithstanding that it lum I turned out one of tho host and nutritious fodder grasses, which is little affected by our dry seasons, it has not received that attention from tho farmers which it deserves. _ I consider the prairie grass ono of our best acquisi- tions of tho foreign grasses, and it deserves to tako tho lead as ono of the most permanent and paying. I find there is no grass better suited for green fodder, and none is superior to any grass for haymaking than tho prairie grass, lt thrives just na woll on tho plains an on the hills. It surpasses any grass in rogan! to seed-bearing qualities, Mr. T. Goode, Goolwa, who is au extensive grower of tho prairio grass, and who commenced grow ing it from a few needs which ho received from tho garden, lins assured mo that he has raised as much as twenty bushels of seed per acre, and ho finds it also superior to nny grass for haymaking. Thero ia not tho ali ghost doubt, if carly sown, say April, about fifty to sixty pounds seed to tho aero, it will give two or three crops. It is ono of tho most productivo grasses during tho winter. Tho result of often mowing is that tho plants spread moro and grow thicker than if allowed to go to seeding. Hut thero is ono fault to bo mentioned-it will not bear feeding otf. Cattlo and sheep aro so fond of tho grass that they will cat tho roots out of tho ground, which is facilitated by their peculiar growth. ThuB a good many plants aro destroyed by tho cattle. Not. withstanding I would recommend every farmer to givo this valuable grass a fair trial. In confirmation of what I hiivo said of tho prairio grass, I will road Mr. Goodo's lotter treating on tho subject : Goolwa, December. 13, 187.'). ? Dear Slr,-I-AH I seo by Ibo papers you aro about tu given lecture on grasses, and being lu receipt of your telegram in- quiring about prairio grass, I thought probnbly «few tacts de- tailing my experience with that grass might bu acceptable. Ifit is of tho slightest uso to you, I shall bu pleased to have rendered over so slight a return for tho many acts ol' khidncsa I bavo received ut your bauds. In tho llrst place I would observo that of all the many seeds I have received from you, prairie grass is the only ono that, has really done well on my sundy soli! Ol'tho sends of this glass, willoh Igotlrom you some years smoî, only few germi- nated. '1'ho following year (1MS8) I bad a place In my gnr deu, and lu ISilü I luid u larger ono, and some tools outside. I now have a few bushels of seed again, und Intend to plant it properly. I should now state that I nm living on a tandy hill ¡ my house has a foundation of seventeen foot of sand, and the seed I grow this year was on simd from six to nine reef deep If I have an opportunity, I will forward you ono of tho tusnoclfs from which IIIIN year's seed lins been cut, willoh, though us coarse us wheat straw, Ibo cattlo and horses will ? .vint for tlic sake of tho green blade spriugiug I to tl» wry ^Vuooniy green grass I have. I should not «Pta,t,Jtofc it brt^monaaor took it into bis head to lellVe nie and go «P -f0 looldl)(? nftol. my fanning, and "ot '»f^Xbad results/ In 1870 the inuii.I now have in accouiitstor MU.ilbl""^» , ia mM paddock. From hearing such bad locusts travelling cl.Jn o l. .rove oilier chalí. Mfflu net,-ra.ath coming on ; but .«ÍÍÜ of tho destructivo powers of the ftC^ md oMVeutiDg them to reach me, I turned all my stock s?utll".«S«,.s and tw5cows) in,and grazed it very short. (ÍOr¡ln «mennv, i '71, having s*ld all my good seed, I had a , ?.?"noor crop, and saved no seed, but threw the grass to the f^nlù ' they would carry the seed about the lund ; bul ^Apw. lu ">'-. I found my paddock of prairie S wmp etofy smothered w th tho barley grass, and only SS a few bunches in my garden tor seed. Tüls seed I threw aboiit last spring amongst sown barley and I havetried, and even tho lucerne hussuftorcd this summer II \ri minion is it should bo managed herc much as red clover or Italian rye grass is in England; then I eau make «¡uro of a profitable orop. . .- _. , . I be*' to subscribo myself, dear Sir, yours very truly, 1 J Tues G oom:. For tho introduction of the following splendid sum- mer grass we bave to thank Mr. H. AV. Phillips, North Vdclaidc. No doubt it is a rival of the prairie grass, and stands our summer bettor than tiny other kind. It is also a panic grass (Panicum speetabile, Nccs ?) 31 Phillips haskiudly given mo thc following notes regarding this most valuable grass, which I will now read : " This grass caine up in my garden noar thc aviary, and no doubt came with the canary seed which I bought from Messrs. Hackett. It is very prolific, seeding abundantly, it can also be propagated from the large couch roots, which run a great distance under ground, any joint of which will grow. Thu seed should be gathered as it is ripened, for it sheila easily, ll; will grow iii the driest places ; one plant, came up between tho wood and cement at the end of the verandah, which is so covered with passion flowers that it' never got any water : still it grows notwithstanding all the traflic. "The growth is very luxuriant, shooting vigorously about October, and continuos to do so uutil tho cold wet weather sets in ; it grows three or four feet high, with tall spikes of seed which are very pretty, and the roots aro often a yard long, and ¡is large as a little liu "er. Instead of feeling tho late extremely hot weather Î noticed it had grown much during the week. It is very sweet ¡md succulent, and cattle eat it greedily ; but it must not be sown in arable land, as it would bo difficult to eradicate it. It would be useful on runs, not only for feed, but also for stopping bush fires. If a plough was ruu across and across the run, and either seed or roots planted, it would form a belt of green no fire would pass ; or if oaten down, which it most likely would be, thero would be a bare space to Stop the fire. A single lino would soon spread a yard wide. A seeding will cover a square foot tho first year, and tho roots can bo taken up and xdanted without any fear of clearing tho ground. It will come up again quite thickly, overy rootlet growing. Thc roots also mat to- gether, so that it is useful to plant to prevent water- courses washing away the soil, for which punosos I have given a large quantity of roots to Mr. Mais for tho waterworks. In stony places, if a stone is raised and a joint of root placed under it, it will shoot up allround, and. never wants re-sowing. You will be able to give the best information about time ¡md mode of sowing ; if too carly the slugs cat it off, and I think it should bo pretty deep or the ants and birds oat it ; it will some- times lay two or three years in the ground. "I have circulated tho seed far and wide. I have distributed moro than 1000 packets : through Mr. Todd it has been sent to every telegraph station between Port Augusta and Port Darwiu ; a friend going home over- land took nearly 100 packets for distribution on the route; another friend who travelled through "Western Australia distributed and planted it wherever he went, and I am now sending a parcel to thc Cape. I gave half the original plant, when about four years old, to a sheep fanner. It filled a cormack, and the man had to make two trips to carry it away. " It does not thiivo so well in the hills ; for, although it will grow, it is never so luxuriant as on the warmer plains." Thc Catstail Grass (Phleumpratense Lin. ).-A native of Europe. Probably bearing this name from tho seed panicle, which hus some resemblance to .a cat's tail. This is a first-class grass, and ono of the best and most valuable of all perennial fodder grasses. It stands our climato well, and seems not particular regarding the sod, as it thrives well in sandy or heavy soils. It is worthy of recommendation, especially for pasture. Oat Grass (Avena elatior, Lin.)-Also of European origin. This is an excellent grass. It is nutritious, andseems to grow and produce well On overy kind of soil. This valuable grass suffers little from the droughts, «nd cnn bo recommended as a superior grass for hay. Great recommendation deserve tho two Falling Awn grasses- - (Hip lather um Tliomasii Knth., and I'ipta therum imiUiflorum, Boauv.), The first is a native of Corsica, the second from thc southern parts of Europe. Both aro first class grasses, and thoso kinds aro some of my firstt importations, ¡iud have stood their ground well. They bear our climato uncommonly well, and will . pay tho cultivation, as they are throughout tho year in a growing state ; and I can rocommend thom ¡is some of the best of the collection. Cattlo aro very fond of both. Tho noxt grass, called tho Millet grass (Milium mut Wonim, Guv. ), it native of Europe. This grass is also worth cultivation for summer and winter foddor. It stands our droughts well, and could bo also used for liny. The prodnco of tho millet grass is superior to many kinds of grnssos. It 'flourishes, I may say, in overy Boil if not too poor, and tho cattlo like it vory much. I introduce now to you throe other kinds of Panic grassos, liniuoly- (Panicum tomeaiosum, Boxb. ; r-anicmn Teneriffe ll. Br., a nativo of tho Canary ?islands j and Panicum erm galli, Lin.). Nearly all tho IMimcum species, of which are known nearly ¡100 kinds, ¡ne nutritious and fattening grasses, and worth tho cultivation. They uro chiefly tropical and sub-tropical '¡nd enduro the inilucnco of our scorching heat and droughts well. ? All tinco aro worth tho recommenda- tion. Panicum t'imerijias is only an annual or sum- mer grass, but well worth tho cultivation, as it thrives we i m dimity anil poor soil. Ino following grass is tho Ponnisotum grass (Penni '«HWHII IMIIIII it. Br.), a nativo of Abyssinia. It is not a tall-growing grass, but a capital grass pasture. I bring now to your notice tho FCBCUO grass (Festuca mnuseMa, Lin.), of Europoan origin, and well adapted lor pcrnuuiont pnsturo. It thrives even woll on sandy "" -.- ......1 pun mses. ibu next grass is called Cocksfoot (Dactylis gtommo '«% Lin.), a native of Europe. This is IIIHO II valuable gmsH, adapted ns well to dry us to moist soils. Its yield « louder is abundant, so also its nutritious qualities. It endure» our droughts woll. Ibo Buffulo grass (SicitoiapariMit glabrum Jrin.), a iv.iti.vo of thc wanner countries of America, which I cannot sufficiently recommend. It is a perennial, and every farmer and squatter should not he without somo of this valuable grass. It is a creeping grass like the couch or dub grass, and is capable of standjng any drought. Its fattening qualities I think are not so great as thc before-mentioned grasses ; but the cattle and sheep like it very much. It thrives well on sandy soil, and is easily propagated from cuttings, as ovory little piece will grow, and after taking root it spreads very rapidly. It is also well adapted for binding river banks or sandy spots. It can Advantageously bo used for per- manent pasture. The buffalo grass is entitled to a general introduction to our pasture. It is also very suitable for garden lawns. Every one who has visited Sydney has no doubt boen struck with 3he lino lawns, especially those of the Botanic Gardens. Since the last two years I have used it also for this purpose instead of the couch grass. The buffalo grass keeps il) verdant freshness winter and summer-a great jouirast regarding the dulness of tho colour which the couch grass has during the winter. Notwithstanding, is 'already mentioned, that in appearance the buffalo ^rass seems to be coarse, cattlo readily feed on it. The couch grass (Gynodnn Dacty'on, Vms.) which has been introduced, ifcis said, from India to Sydney, do lervos also mentioning. It possesses all the qualities of tlie buffalo grass, and I am told that the sheep are very fond of it. I know that thc cattle, if they can gel on other grass will not touch it ; but if the green food bo comes scarce they relish it also. The squatters wóulc do well to introduce this grass on their runs, as il spreads as rapidly as tho buffalo grass. Another grass which I can also recommend highly ii a kind of Canary grass (Phalaris A-naricina, Elliot). J received the seed from America, with thc recommanda tion of its being a very useful fodder grass. I havi had it only two years, but it seems to stand our climat* and promises to be a great acquisition. The love grass (Jilrar/roslis cylindrica, Sfceud. ), Í native of China, seems to be also good grass lo pasture. The next grass is called the lieut gras.s (Agrosli. ca-pi'.Zaris, Lin.) ; also this isa grass well worth a tria for pasture. Tlie following two lands of J ob's tears (Cota: lacrynu Lin.,and (Qoix exaltata, .J'neq.) are worth a trial, espe chilly the last. They stand the summer pretty well and produce abundance of nutritious food. Not to tax your patience too much, I will only men tion tho names of the following grasses-the Hui grass (áiivr. caespitosara. Lin.) andtheEluo Kentuck; grass. which I consider both good for pasture. The i lye grasses (Lolium peren»e, Lin., and Lolinm Ihdinum. A. Br.), although very good grasses for thei nutritious powers, seem to maintain their ground wit! us only one or two years ; after the plants die oft', con sequcntly they are not woll suited for this country whore we rcquiroa more permanent pasture. It is als said, when tho plants begin seeding, thc cattle Avil not relish the grasss and neglect it. It appears tba both kinds of rye grass do not thrive so well with us a is the case in the neighbouring colonies, especially h Victoria, where they arc spoken of most highly as gooi fodder and grazing grasses. All the seeds of the abov mentioned grasses should be sown in May or June, i well-prepared ground. I will now go over to the fodder plants, of which have not many on my list, and begin with tho slicer, bush of tho Capo of Good Hope [Pentzia virgata, Le ss. ' of which his Excellency has given us also such a gooi account. I received a small parcel of seed of this vak able shrub in 1869 from Dr. Hooker, Kew Gardens, < which he remarks that the plant is the most valuabl sheep fodder for dry climates, and that tho sheep nt th Cape during the summer depend mostly upon this shrill What a saltbush is to the South Australian squatter s the sheopbush is to thc Capo squatter. I raised about twenty plants, which have done ri inarkably well, and prove that our climate is we adapted for their growth. It is, as you see, a niue branched rigid little bush one or two feet high. Tl leaves and branches moutain an aromatic luttâmes which I understand is liked very much bysheep, whic gives the mutton a very fine peculiar flavour. The plant is easily propagated from cuttings, of whic every one will grow if planted when the first rains lu gin to fall. Tho next two fodder plants aro known under tl names of Rib grass or Plantain (Pla»t*go major, Lin and Plantago tanceolaia, Lin.), both natives of Europ No doubt both excellent fodder plants ; cattlo an sheep are fond of them. The plants thrive well c every soil all tho year through if the season is not tc severe. It seems the rib grass is not generally known, or would have boon more extensively grown. I rccommcn it as a great acquisition on pasture ground, cspeciall for squatters, on the low lands of their runs, whore would supply a plentiful pasture. If once established spreads rapidly, which I find in tho experiment ground, where the seeding plants spring up ever; where. Another plant for sheep foddor to be rccommondc is thc small Burnett (Pofartant sanguisorba. Lin.), perennial plant, which will grow in every Boil, stain our drought, and is readily eaten by tho sheep. As it easily propagated from seeds and suckers, tho squatti should introduce it on bis run. Not much attention, 1 think, has been paid yet 1 tho different kinds of clovers, of which I find sever do well in the garden. Malilotus alba, Desz. ; il officinal^, Lin. ; and ¡¥ Utpulina, Lam., do well. Tl clovers are known as nutritious herbs. It is true mar kinds of clovers dio away in the second year, but tl above-mentioned kinds scorn to stand longer. I will ali mention that clovors thrivo bust in damp soi or on clay subsoils, which retain the moisturo, who they will spread vory rapidly. Lucerne has been c: ten'sively cultivated, and thercforo I lind it uot noce Hary to mention it moro particularly here. I cou! mention several other fodder plants which douri.1 during tho winter months, but us during this time tl food is abundant, I think it not necessary to speti j further of thom. This, your Excellency and gontl I men, are the results of a seven years trial regarding tl capabilities of several foroign grasses and fodder plan in this colony. I preferred nob coming earlier befo: tho public with my experience until I hud tested the durability. Thinking this period sullioicnt for such test, tho more no as the plants withstood the severe droughts wo have had, I can recommend these grass with confidence. It depends now on tho farmer and squatter to gi' thom fair trial, and call at the sumo time to thoir mir tho old saying, and avery true one it is " that tho nu who makes two blades of grass grow where one gre before is a public benefactor." One remark more. ÍH now four'years since I read in thc »ainu room paper " On tho Iniluoueo of Forests on tho Climato m which I pointed out tho nocessity for laying o' forest resorvos and planting trees ou railways ¡md ma roads. The nost year a report of mino on tho san Hubject was laid before Parliament. I know my neben I AS'UH ilion criticised and ridiculed. Not minding thi on the contrary Iporsovoredin giving II. practical impul to thc sciiomo," by raising forest trees at tho Gurdon f tho purpose of planting ronds and railways with. Mr. Main, tho Engineor-in-Chief, actuated by the sun desire, and a similar enthusiust in thu matter, used tl trees for planting nround tho now und old reservoir ai along tho railways ; so that tho Government hus mn tho last three years received 1-1,907 forest trouB for 11 purpose, nuil. for thc next planting season my' .stock amounis to 1*2,000 more, for tho purpose of planting tho Burra Railway. Mr. Krichauff, M.P., a well-known enthusiast of planting forest trees, with his laudable energy, luis now called, to life my favourite scheme, and so forest.culturo will ho introduced into this colony, and it is now my sincerest wish that it may lie carried out most practi- cally. »Should this evening's lecture lie also the means of inducing the squatter and farmer to try tho growth of artificial grasses, I shall feel gratified beyond my power to express. Your Excellency and gentlemen, accept my best thanks for the patient hearing of this rather long paper, which I fear has rather trespassed too much on your patience ; but it is, I believe, unnecessary to assure you I am only actuated by a very sincere desiro to benefit our agriculturists ; and I have tho hope for thc persons concerned and tho colony that their labours "»ay Ito crowned with success ; and then, I repeat once more, I shall feel gratified lioyond my power to express. 