THE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA IN ENGLAND. It may seem to many rather late in the day to refer prominently to such an event a3 the visit of the Emperor of Bnssia to England, which in these times of speedy intercommunication between nations has almost come to be regarded as a. thing of the remote past. And yet it must be borne in mind that only a little more than two month? have elapsed since His Imperial Highness was a guest of the English people, and that particulars of the grand demonstrations and magnificent festivities prepared in his honour only reached us a few days ago. We do not, however, say this by way of excuse fcr alluding to an occurrence memorable in the history of two nations. What amount of political significance is to be attached to the visit we confess it is not easy to divine. Even more than in the case of the Shah it is difficult to con jecture what impressions the Emperor oarried away with him of the people whose wealth and energy had been so lavishly displayed to him in every possible form, from Guildhall banquets to gun-forging at Woolwich. He was in public quite as taciturn as the Shah, and Ms countenance betrayed equally little of what his speech imported. There is one well-authenticated opinion of his on record, and it is the expression of admiration involun tarily uttered by him while he was viewing the artillery movements on Wool wich Common. Compliments and courtesies of various kinds he of course indulged in, but the one personal sentiment to which he directly committed himself was a declaration aade to Sfr Darid Wood about the splendid appearance of the Koyal Artillery. Per contra, the impression which His Majesty made on the British public ia hardly less problematical. He allowed himself to be very little seen by the tens of thousands who followed his movements between Buckingham Palace and Windsor, or from the Palace to the City. He seems to have never travelled but in state, and state carriages are ?not favourable for personal exhibition. On the day that he went to Guildhall people did expect to get a good sight of him and his daughter, but again they were disappointed. ' Tie procession drove fast though the day was as fine as an English spring could pos ably produce. In the first five or six carriages there was not a face that any one could ^recognise. In the last carriage but one appealed the sweet smiling countenance of the Princess of Wales. Before the people had done cheering her on came the last and most important carriage of all, into which four of the centre figures of the pageant had crowded themselves. On the front seat sat the Priace of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh, and behind were the Czar and the Duchess. Her tall figure was pretty readily recognised, but the still taller figure leaning back in the opposite corner seemed to invite no acquaintance. When the procession had passed people began asking each other where was the Czar or was he there at all? They had lost their best opportunity of seeing him, and the idea took possession of them that he avoided their admiring gaze on purpose.' Having come to this conclusion, it became tolerably easy for the British, public to account to themselves for His Majesty's reserve. They could well remember what had happened in Paris, and they were aware of the multitudes of Poles who swarmed about Leicester-square. The Poles are notorious among refugees for their ingenuity in keeping up native quarrels and for the implacability witb^which they regard every thing Bussian. On the night the Emperor landed one section of them had issued and forwarded to the London papers a manifesto against Bussian rale in Poland. A more moderate party ai&ong; them called om Count Schouvaloff next day, and suggested to him how graceful and opportune it would be en the part of His Majesty to announce an amnesty to the refugees, and thus most effectually disarm them. After some nego tiation the Emperor authorized the Count to announce on his guarantee thatall of them who desired to return home might do so. Three or four exceptions were made in the case of persons guilty of serious crimes against the civil law. Ibis announcement produced a good impression at first, but a peculiar con struction was afterwards put upon it which the Emperor's own conduct appears rather to have encouraged. It was said he mortally dreaded being shot at by some fanatic Pole. Certainly innumerable precautions were taken against such a danger. We learn that in the Imperial train there were at least twenty detectives who had come from St. Petersburg with the Emperor, and whose business on all occasions was to remain as near him as possible. They were assisted by a special staff from Scotlandyard men intimate with all the purlieus and the doubtful residents in Leicester square. It was unsafe for a Pole to show himself near Buckingham Palace. One was actually arrested with a petition in his pocket which he had meant to present to the Emperor when he came out. But as nothing more formidable than the petition was found upon Urn, be -was released at a police station a couple of miles away. The most curious precaution of all was the Im perial cloak— an upper garment without which His Majesty is stated never to have appeared in the warmest weather. Keen-eyed, or perhaps only keen-fancied observers, dis covered that this cloak was lined with thick leather 'and made shot-proof. It was further noticed that there were always two stout valets in attendance, whose special duty was to put on or remove this Brobdignagian garment as occasion required. The same popular fancy which detected the leather lining of His Majesty's upper garments found that he was always changing his plans at the last moment. He arranged to go down to Woolwich by road ; but just before starting he had his special train ordered at Charing Cross. Then he was to drive back ; but changing his mind again he resorted to the special train. These matters are not subjects of serious history, but they have their signi ficance as clues to English opinion of the Czar and his visit. By the way, it is stated that in Russia the title 'Czar' is not only obsolete, but that it is personally distasteful to His Majesty. He considers himself quite as much entitled as his Western cousins of the purple to the modern ' Emperor.' He must be as touchy on the point as on his daughter's precedence at Court, for he had a hint conveyed to the London papers through the Court Circular that he was surprised at their reviving a title which was dead in his own dominions. In the later chronicles of the special correspondents 'Czar' is an abjured term, but singularly enough His Majesty had no sooner left than the old familiar word crept back into popular use. Whatever feelings His Majesty may have taken away with him, it is evident that his visit produced only a negative effect in England. Once, and once only, His Majesty touched the British heart with real sympathy. It was in the little speech he made at Guildhall in answer to a grandiloquent civic address. When the Recorder had finished, His Majesty is reported to have unfolded a paper in his hand. He studied it for a minute or two while the immense assemblage waited in breathless stillness for the first sound of his voice. With a very foreign accent he read out the greeting to ' My Lord Mayor and citizens of London.' After a fresh pause he proceeded in a falter ing voice — '1 feel most grateful for your hospitable and cordial reception.' His difficulty in deciphering the next sentence was relieved by a long and hearty cheer, after which he read out in a guirering voice—' On my own part I can assure you that I have a firm reliance on your good feelings towards my beloved daughter, whose domestic happiness I have so much at heart. I trust that, with the blessing of Divine Providence, the affectionate home she finds in your country will strengthen the friendly relations now established between Russia and Great Britain to the mutual advantage of their prosperity and peace.' That short and touching speech at Guild hall is regarded by the better part of the British public as the keynote of the Emperor's character and the keystone of his future relations towards England. Partly from this, and partly from other kindred considerations, the Emperor has acquired the respect of many who still mistrust Russian policy. With thinking people he seems to have established for himself the character of a silent serious-minded man. With the mob he had very little success, and now that he is gone hardly a feature of his grave melancholy face is likely to be remembered. Nevertheless it it felt that both parties may yet derive benefit from their week's ac quaintance. Thb Coal Compact.— In our weekly share market review it should have been stated that 150 South Australian Coal Company's shares fetched 15s. each. POFCLAR Concehts.— The second Saturday popular concert will be given in White's Room this evening as advertised. Football.— The Kensington Football Club will play a colour match this afternoon on thatr grounds at Kensington. Chbokologt.— A chronological epitome of European History, intended for tae use of can didates for matriculation at tbe Melbourne University, has reached us through Messrs. Wigg and Son, from the publisher, Mr. 6. Robertson. The compilation ia by a graduate, who has fur nished in a brief and handy form the substance I of Dr. Freeman's General Sketch. The little ! book is likely to be useful, especially to young students, as it gives much information regarding places, events, and persons in a small compass. The New Melodeon.— Tkis is the title of a collection of bymns aad tunes, original and ?elected, adapted for use in social meetings and m tfee family circle. Tbe compiler is the Rev. J. W. Dadmun, who brought out 'Revival Melodies' and 'Tbe Melodeon,' a book which the Rev. W. Taylor, of California, popularized in South Australia. Tbe prtwnt work contains nearly 200 pages, is clearly printed on toned paper, and Mr. George Robertson, of Melbourne, who has published the Australian edition, of which he has sent us a copy per Mean. R. 8. Wigg k Son, deserves and will receive praise. Some of tbe melodies that the jubilee singers, Meesn. Sankej and Moody, and P. Phillips, the singing pilgrim, have introduced to thousands of people in Great Britain are contained in the selection, which will doubtless become a favourite with hosts of folk who enjoy modern ' psalms and hymns and spiritual songs' whether sung or played, yet without losing the taste for woris and music that are hoary with age, aad around which cluster fond associations. The Release of Gardineb.— Public excite ment in New South Wales regarding the exercise of the prerogative of pardon has not yet died out. There can be little doubt that the release of Gardiner and his associates is reprobated by a large portion of the communityas -- dangerous and unjustiBable proceeding. Such at any rate is the conclusion suggested by the efforts that are being made on behalf of the Government to popularize the opposite view of the matter. We observe that the speeches delivered by Messrs. H. Parkes. G. Allen, R. Driver, J. Stewart, and W. H. Cooper, in the Sydney Parliament, sup porting the liberation of the bushrangers, have been published in the form of a pamphlet. A preface has been added in which the position taken by the Ministry throughout the affair is defended as ' the only just and dignified course' they could have adopted, and some vigorous things are said of those persons who objected to a batch of the most notorious felons in the gaols of New South Wales being let loose upon society before their time. Land Selections in thb South-East.— From a return recently laid on the Assembly table at the instance of Mr. Laurie, we find that the quantity of land selected in the Mayurra and Mount Muirhead Areas to 80th June, 1874, was 18,583 acres; that the average price per acre was £2 16V. 9$d.; and that the estimated quan tity of land at present available for selection is 11,268 acres. The number of acres soid by auction for cash has been as follows: — Township lands, 6; suburban lands, 91; country lauds (sold in years 1859-60), 573— or 670 acres in all Revenue and Expenditure.— In the article which appeared in yesterday's Register upon the Auditor-General's Returns there was a transposi tion of the figures at the head of the columns giving the annual Revenue and Expenditure. The first column contains the amounts for 1S74 and the second column the amounts for 1873, the same as in the preceding table relating to the quarterly receipts and disbursements. Wuxtoga and Port Elliot- road.— The fol lowing report, furnishing information moved for by Mr. Carr, has been laid on the table of the Assembly: — 'I have the honour to report that the estimated cost of completing the main road between Willunga and Port Elliot is £10,230— this is for a trafficway of 15 feet wide, portions of the road recently made being of that width; gravel, hard metal, or limestone to be used, as may be available. There are 14 miles of unmade road between Willunga and Port Elliot, reckon ing from the 29th milepost, near the Flax Mill, Willunga, to a central point in the Township of Port Elliot Wheu these 14 miles are made the Willunga branch of the South-road will be com plete.— I am, &&, Chas. T. Habguave, Super intending Surveyor South District Main Roads.' Shearers for the North-Fast — The neigh bourhood of Stewart's Aberdeen Hotel, Kooringa, was a bustling scene on Friday afteruoon, July 31, as a party of about 40 shearers left for Mount Gipps by three of Terry's coaches. The men, who seemed a fine body, were engaged in Adelaide, and dispatched by Mr. W. R. Hunt The Moonta Jetty.— A correspondent of the local press writes :— ' The work on tke jetty and approaches is progressing very satisfactorily, only requiring longitudinal wales or beams, planking, and a few et ceteras to finish it. When the wales are along the sides, tbe three girders on the top (each piece of timber breaking at intermediate leaps), the planking securely laid, and all screwed together with strong bolts and bars, there is no doubt the approaches will stand any test of the saltwater element. The timber for planking, &c;, is the notoriously good blue gum of Van Diemen's Land, which is shortly expected from Tasmania. Under favourable circumstances the structure, we are told, will be completed in about six weeks. The depth of water at the end of the jetty is estimated to be at average low tide from 8 feet to 8 feet 6 inches, except on occasion of runaway tides in summer, which occur three or four times in the season, when the depth of water is from two to three feet less; at high water from 13 to 14 feet. The contractor and men have appeared to work Host assiduously to make this structure a credit to all parties concerned in its erection, and no man faithfully observing their operations can fail to award them a fair share of praise.' Parsonage at Auburn.— July 29 was a gala day with the Auburnitea, especially with the Episcopalian residents, being the day fixed for laying the principal stone of St. John's Par 6onage. The weather was splendid, and at 3 o'clock a large number of people assembled to witness the ceremony. After prayer, offered by the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, the incumbent, the memorial, which had been polished, and which bore the folio win? words cut wit by Mr. T. Priest, of Mintaro, 'This stone was laid on the 29th July, 1874,' was placed ready. Mr. Baker, tke contractor, handed a trowel to Mrs. Hawkins, who used the level and tiowel expertly. Mr. Hawkins gave an address, and concluded by reading a copy of the record, which had been with coins deposited under the stone. The document, which was handsomely engrossed by the minister, said: — 'In the faith of Jeeus Christ we lay the foundation-stone of this parsonage-house in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Ho'.y Ghost. Amen. On tbe 29th day of July, 1874. in the 38th year of the reign of Her Mo3t Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the 28th year of the Epis copateof Augustus, Lord Biahop of Adelaide. His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., being Governor of the Province ; Charles Wriothesley Hawkins, Incumbent ; Wm. Rossi, John Baker, Churchwardens ; Building Com mittee— J. E. Bleechmore, A. Symeu, W. P. Long, D. B. Berry, J. Baker, W. S. Barkla, W. G. Long, J. W. Castine, Rd. Spicer, B. Home.' After a collection, the assemblage adjourned to the Town Hall, where tea had been provided by ladies and bachelors. Afterwards the President presided, and apologies for the absence of the Revs. J. A. Boake, H. Howitt, C. G. Taplin, and J. Houghton were read. An interesting account of his recent visit to the Northern Territory was given by the Chairman, several anthems were contributed by the Church of England Choir, a sacred song was rendered by Mrs. Rossi, and readings were given by various gentlemen. Miss Barkla, on behalf of the ladies of the congregation, presented the Chairman with a surplice as a small token of regard. It was announced that the amount raised towards the building fund during the day exceeded £22. Monster Vegetation.— Captain Rankine has forwarded to the office of the Strathalbyn paper a monster specimen of the mangold wurtz^l, grown on his property at Hindmarsh Island. This splendid sample measures 34 inches round the thickest part, about two feet in depth, weighs about 48 lbs., cuts in fine edible ordar, and is one of a crop of 10 acres, the whole of which are very fine. The soil in which it was grown is nice, though rather salty, level blajl ground, situate near tbe Lake. Noarlckga Requirements. — The require ments of Noarlunga harbour, for which Nature has done much, were discussed at a meeting held on Friday, July 3l, in the Horseshoe I'', and it was resolved to* memorialize the Government to place a sum upon the Estimates for making a breakwater on the reef which partly encloses the haven. The wet weather prevented many residents in the district from attending the gathering, but about 40 persons were present, including Messrs. Carr and Mylee, the members for Noarlunga. Durin? the discussion it was pointed out that the reef if capped with a break water six feet high would keep the harbour free from the heavy rollers which always attend a eale, and vessels of great burden could securely ride at the anchorage, the watar being quite deep enough. Mr. Myles, at the close of the proceedings, suggested the advisability of Noar lunga having two nails daily instead of one as at present, and the meeting concurred with him. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. INQUEST ON A CHILD.— On Friday, July 31, Mr. W. Harcus, J.P., held an enquiry at the King's Head Hotel, King William-street, on the body of Henry Farmer, an infant that had died on Wednesday night, July 29; Mr. R. O. Fox was Foreman. Amelia, wife of Frank Asher, of Gilles-street, identified the bodv as that of her child, and said that Henry Farmer was its father. Her husband was in the Stockade. The baby was born on April 15. Deponent kept it a month, and then gave it out to nurse, as she could not afford to keep the infant at home. Witness obtained her living on the streets. Had had two children besides the one now dead. Gave tbe child to a Mrs. Thomson, promising to pay her 12s. weekly for its maintenance. Paid the first instalment, and had been unable to do so subsequently, having no money. -Visited the deceased regularly night and day. Last saw it alive two days ago, when it was quite well, and there was nothing in its appearance to make deponent anxious. Dr. Peel attended the child from its birth until about July 8. It was always delicate. Robert Peel, M.D., de posed that the body was very much emaciated, and the skin was rubbed off in washing it after death. Attended the infant from June 10 until June 22, during which period it was very ill and seemed unlikely to live. Under medical treat ment, however, it rallied considerably. It was then suffering from atrophy, or wasting, result ing from an impaired constitution. Had no reason to suppose that death resulted from other than natural causes. Mary Jane, wife of William Thompson, baker, stated that the child had not been healthy since she had undertaken the care of it. Had always fed it well — chiefly with groats and milk. Had only received 30s. from the mother towards its support. When Dr. Peel was sent for tbe child appeared to be in convulsions, and since June 22 it had gradually pined away. When the infant died deponent called the mother, who lived about 150 yards away, and sent for Dr. Peel. Witness always treated the child as if it had been her own, but of course could not give it natural food. Got about a pint of milk daily, and the deceased sometimes had the greater portion of it. Honora, wife of Jno. Madson, labourer, corroborated, and said she had always considered the infant very delicate, and believed it had received every attention. The Jury re turned a verdict to the effect that the infant died of atrophy, and expressed the opinion that the mother was very blamable for not having taken more care of the child. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, July 25, were: —Births— Males, 71 ; females, 78. Deaths Males, 20; females, 8. Total — Births, 149; deaths, 28. Excess of births, 121. The District of Adelaide.— Births— Males 24 ; females, 28. Deaths— Males, 13; females 5. Total -Births, 52; deaths, 18. Excess of births, 34. The Comet.— It appears from the statement of the Astronomer for Victoria that the comet recently discovered is rapidly increasing in southern declination. Hence it will probably be visible here ia the evening for some time to come should tbe atmosphere be clear. Thus, assumingr its present right ascension to be Sh., and its declination 25° south, it will set this evening at 25 minutes to 7 o'clock, nearly W.S.W.; and as there is no moonlight during the evening that circumstance will be favourable for observations. Slugs.— Tbe Southern. Argus reports:— ' One oi cur most successful floriculturists has been busily occupied lately in entrapping slugs, having during the last 12 days succeeded in disposing of upwards of 600 in some doubtless very ignomi nious manner. Finding that these destructive garden pests were perforating to a very ugly extent some of his choicest plants, our cute friend adopted the wise precaution of baiting the slimy things with tempflng leaves, and by this means daily gathered what to some tastes would prove a most delicious morsel, but in tbi? country is repugnantly spumed as ? foul' food. We have not heard of their appearance amongst the young wheat.' Composite Candles.— Of all our colonial in dustries, ?' scarcely any,' says a correspondent of the Gawler Bunyip, 'would prove more acceptable in this hot climate, where we cannot use tallow candles in summer, than the manu facture of hard candles, for which we pay from lOd. to lod. a pound, although it is well known that they can be produced within a penny a pound as cheap as tallow. We send our ren dered fat to England, where they separate the 011 from it ; they then make the fat thus ren dered hard into candles with a little chemical aid, and ship them to us at 50 per cent, profit ; and the oil they sell us in pretty glass bottles as .-alad oil at about the price of brandy. Surely,' he adds, 'it is worth the attention of our Chamber of Manufactures.' Peculiar Accidiut.— It is reported by the Kapanda Herald that the second daughter, aged 12 years, of Mr. C. W. Smith, farmer, of near Stockport, was employed pushing with a stick tbe chaff away from the trough of a hone power chaffcutter on Monday, July 27, when her pinafore was caught by the Bpindle, which in its revolutions drew up her clothes, and carried her round seven or eight times before she was seen and the bones were stopped. Fortunately the spindle was sufficiently elevated to allow of her not coming into contact with the ground in her involuntary rotatory movements, or she must inevitably have been killed. As it was she sustained some internal injuries, and her father at once telegraphed from Tarlee to Riverton for medical assistance. The little sufferer is now doing well Not the Mas who was Wanted.— In its issue of July 31 the Bunyip remarked : — 'Xo Jittla commotion was created yesterday ia our too quiet town by a report that the highwayman who robbed the mail recently between Wearer's flat and Port Wakefield was in Gawler. The Gawler gentleman to whom we are indebted for starting the hue and cry, instead of communi cating with our local police- station, telegraphed the Inspector of Police, Adelaide, who came up to GawJer per next train. On due inspection, however, it was discovered that the suspected individual, though greatly resembling tie robber (a? per published description} was not the man who was watted. The informer having a single eye to the £100 reward, and unwilling to give any one else a chance of 'going halves,' was probably the reason of his so sagaciously or rather astutely (slyly is perhaps the best word) going to work single-handed with the telegraph ; but the next time he takes upon himself to ring the bell fer the Adelaide police to coma up he will do well to make sure that he is not labouring under a delusion, or the subject of some neigh* bourly canard {Anglice—hotx). We have not heard whether Inspector Peterswald intends sending his informer a bill of expenses incurred ; but it. is more probable that he will send 'Old Knowles' a memorandum of that kind thaa any portion of the anticipated cool hundred.' Queensland Scgar-plaxthjo. — Late en quiries, says the Mar/lmough Chronicle, tend to the conclusion that the frost has touched the cane in tbe places most liable to that visitation, but not to such an extent as to damage the pro spects of the incoming crop. On Magnolia and the Sugar Company's plantations crushing was commenced early enough to place the most tender sections of the crop beyond danger before the frost began. 5Iostof the mill* in the dis trict will be in full swing very s wri, so that by crushing the nipped portions first, before tap deterioriation of the juices has had time t-- penetrate into the more saccharine portions of the cane, it will be possible to prevsnt. any note worthy loss from tbeabove cause. Expected Exodus of Misers.— On July 31 the Moonta Aditrtistr said:—' We understand that the result of negotiations between the Peninsula Union and Mr. Palmer, the contractor for the formation of the Geraldton and Northampton Railway, Champion Bay, Western Australia, is likely to be the engagement of 100 miners to proceed thither from the Peninsula, under a 12 months' engagement at 8s. per day, the contractor paying a part of the passage money. There are at present about 200 men out of employment, most of them being in the Kadina district, and there is a rumour current— although we are not prepared to vouch for its correctness — that several pitches are to be stopped at the Moonta Mines at the next survey day (to-morrow). The departure of so many miners with their families will be a severe loss, cot only to the Peninsula, but to the colony at larjre, and is to be the more deplored that they'; should be compelled to leave a district in which are situate the richest and best paying copper mines in the world.' Mb. Gtles's Explorations.— The Mellourh: Daily Telegraph states that Baron Von Mueller has received further telegrams from Mr. Ernest Giles, which give bis remotest western longi tudes at 125 degrees, and this at two different pointa in the desert, at tbe northern of which he sighted distant bills, which he could not reach, he being then in distress, and having uo camels at his disposal. These new hills must be nearly in the same longitude as tbe furthest eastern point reached by Mr. Forrest in July, 18t-9, but are far north of Mount Weld. Mr. Giles identifies Musgrave's Range as discovered first by himself ; the tracks, therefore, seen by Mr. Gosse there were those of Giles. It is hkely that Mr. Forrest, who started early in the cool season, under the advantage of rain, from the upper Alurcbison River, will reach the hilla sighted by Mr. Giles far west, and will then be able during the cool months to get across to MacDonnell Rancje or Mount Olga, The Victorian explorer was during the twelve months of this expedition not less than nine times atacked by the natives, probably in the combat for water. He and his party had to add horseflesh to their means of subsistence for some time, though provisioned with flour and other requisites for a year. The expedition was supported by private gentlemen of Victoria, subsidized by the South Australian Government. On one occasion Mr. Giles walked with a keg of water for 100 miles through the pungent desert, triodia grass waist high. He was also the first ?who discovered the great and magnificent oasis mentioned and so ably traversed by Gosse. Mr. Giles's most vigorous and persevering exploit with extremely slender means must call forth just admiration, and is entitled to special rewards from the two colonies, of which he has mapped such extensive tracts of a new territory. It would be a pity if his great talents and experience for desert exploration could not be further utilized. To conquer, however, our deserts fully need peculiar breeds of camels, such as Gerhard Rolfs lately used in the Lybian deserts, where these extraordinary creatures tad water only one single time in 36 days, and then only from a carried tank, and therefore not likely much; but then this was in the cool season, whereas Mr. Giles bad to encounter the worst parts of the Australian desert in tbe height of mid- . summer, and with horses only. It seems now probable that Dr. Leichardt and his companions did perish east ef the telegraph line, and not in tbe western half of the Australian Continent, as neither Colonel Warburton's nor Mr. Gosse's expedition, nor now Mr. Giles's, has riven the slightest clue to their fate. The savag98 of the interior regions of North-East Australia have proved, in the progress of settlement, a most atrocious race, and he likely succumbed under their hands in some of the wide tracts yet unex plored in West Queensland. Lord Dundreary.— In reference to the con templated visit of Mr. Sothera to Victoria, which has been rendered impossible, -at least for the present, the Age says:—' Mr. Sothern has been prevented from coming to Melbourne in consequence of an engagement with a manager in London to appear there on October 26, instead of the 26th of December, as originally contem plated. In accordance with bis Australian engagement he was to have left San Fraacisuo on July 13. Under the most favourable circum stances he would arrive in Sydney on August 17, and the 20th might see him in Melbourne. In order to reach England in time to fulfil his engagement he would have had to leave by the mail on the 8th September. This would give a very short time for him to appear in the colo nies, so short, indeed, that it could not be remu nerative to those who engaged him. Having regard to the uncertainty as to the date of arriving here, apart from the expense of the route, Mr. Sothern has resolved to return to England via New York.' The Ballan Shooting Cask.— Nothing is yet known, tbe Ballarat Courier states, as to the indentity of the man who was shot at Ballan. Since the inquest Mr. Pierrepoini, in searching his hut, has found a black mask, which the de ceased evidently meant to use in bushranging or for some other unlawful purpose. The mask has two eyeholes in it, and just reaches to the mouth, so that it would effectually conceal the features of the wearer.' A Bubke and Wills Camel.— 'An inte resting relic of the Burke and Wills expedi tion,' says the local correspondent of tbe Bendigo Advertiser, ' arriving at Marong, on Thursday, July 23. It was a fine female camel, which, after running wild in the bush for a number of years, had been captured on the Murray Downs by being driven by horsemen into a paddock belonging to Mr. Officer. The man who has charge of it brought it from the Serpentine during the day, and was going to take it to Melbourne. Considering the length of time that it has been roaming at large, and that it was only caught a few days ago, the poor beast appears to be very docile.' Mklboubkb asd Stdnet Railway.— The rail way department of New South Wales, having completed the Southern line from Cootramundra to Wagga, are now, the Sydney Morning Herald save, calling for tenden for the construction of the works, and that paper remarks:—' We hope that no time will be lost in pushing forward the survey of the remaining Eectaon of the line from Wagga to Albury, for it may reasonably be expected that the through traffic with Mel bourne following the completion of the line would soon make the whole Southern Railway remunerative.' f From yesterday's Evening Journal. J OrSNIBG O¥ ISSTITTJTES ON SUNDAV..— On August 12 Mr. W. JL Simms is to move in the Assembly— 'That in the opinion of this Houso the various Government Institutes and Museums oucht to be open from 10' a.m. to 9 p.m. ou Sundays.' The Hon. S. D. Hastings.— We are informed that 'by the Californian mail Mr. G. W. Cole received a letter from the Hon. S. D. Hastings, P.R.W.G. Templar, dated June 12, conveying the intelligence that he had just returned from the Annual Session of the K.W.G. Lodge, and that J. J. Hickman, of Kentucky, was the newly elected R.W.G. Templar; also that all Mr. Bastings' actions in relation to the Graad Lodge of South Australia bad been sustained by the R. W.G. Lodge; also that Mr. L E. Harcus' appeal against the same had been dismissed. The Executive of the R.W.G. Lodge proposed that the Hon. Mr. Hastings should visit Australia and New Zealand to settle difficulties, instruct the Order, &c.; Communication* had been forwarded on this subject to Rev. Mr. Thome and Mr. G. W. Cole in 8outh Australia, Mr. Palmer in Victoria, Mr. Steele in Queensland, and others in New South Wales, Tasmania, and New Zealand, from whom replies are expected to reach Mr. Hastings in time for him to leave America by the October mail steamer.' The Kainfaix. —The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday, July 31, at the undermen tioned places : — Adelaide ? 0-450 Gawler ? 0-100 Port Augusta... 0*050 Gumeracha ... O-140 Jlelrose ? 0-050 Willunga ... 0*100 Georgetown ... 0-050 Normanville ... 0-190 Clare ? 0*110 Port Elliot ... 0-84'J Auburn ? 0-050 Goolwa ? 0-190 Port Wakefield 0*400 Mount Barker 0-30S Wallaroo... ... 0*190 Stratfaalbyn ... 0-175 Moonta ... ... 0330 Meningie ... 0070 Kapunda. ? 00£0 Robe ... ... 0-»20 Tamznda... ... 0040 Mount Gambier 0 200 