AGRICULTURE IN THE UPPER HUNTER DISTRICT. (FnOM A COEEESPOSDEKT.) Musselbrook, December 27. I havr endeavoured in previous letters to give an out line of the agricultural capabilities of country border ing on the magnificent. River Hunter; and have described tbe crops and stock found upon its surface, the nature of. tbe land and its capabilities for rawing the different crops, and 'raising the various breeds of cattle, sheep, and horses. Like all other rivers, as we ascend towards its source, the mass of alluvial deposit gets less, ana tiics valleys along its sues increase is extent and richness of soil. On leaving Singleton by train we pass through an undulating country. The land is of tbe same nature, but of somewhat inferior quality to that. I formerly described in the other directions from Singleton ; this continues forthreoorfour milee, till we come to the neigh bouihoodofGb2nuie'BCreek,wbenthclaiidbeginsagauito improve in texture, and on the extensive property of Captain Hussell we could see' some ,large tracts of superior upland and flat bind, with a great flow of grass of the best quality, the stookof cattle look fair in condition but of that heterogeneous mixture which ina Durham and Hereford county is likely enough to pre vail. As we draw towards Musselbrook the country begins to show some bolder features, and the thriving little town is surrounded with bills of varied form and elevation ; tbe valley here is still a rich alluvial flat, although tbe depth of the deposit is not so great, or the extent so vast, as that we liaveah'eady noticed ; the taste for vine-growing doe6 not appear to be so strong here, for to tliat cause more than the less favourable soil and cliniate, I would attribute the comparative absence of vineyards! On aD upland jiiece of strongisb land foui' miles from the town, I saw some vines of different kinds looking beautiful, and the fruit besides being large ami, plentiful ; there has never been disease in the locality ; they are keptclcau; the laud is not rich by nature but 1 noticed it bad. been .manured, with farmyard manure, which probably may have imparted that lightness of poil which I believe is requisite lor the successful cultivation of this plant. I alsd saw i,n the same locality a, failure in the growth of tbe vine, but from all I could learn, that failure arose from the want of proper tillage and 'some ingredient to keep the bind in that state which would enable the plant to throw outitsroots for the purpose of its growth. There does notanpear to be one or two distinct soils peculiar to the growth cf the vinej but like all others, it must have the land that is not. naturally adapted for its growth made so, liy urtifici.il means, :mJ which means ;ire in many cases of .i very inexpensive nature. The first case here alluded to, had only been manured ouee, and that was when the plants were put in. Six years have- since elapsed, and o luxurious crop of fruit has eacli succeeding year been gathered, and no disease bas ever appeared iliu-iiiij that time ; tliis, I allow, is only on isolated case, but in these times, when so many are attueir wits eml with regard to tins important crop, it may be worth mention, and I do not see any reason why the cultivation of the vine should stop at Singleton. If the instance I lwve given in authentic, and I bave no doubt it is, there are niaiiy luindreils of acres in this locality which I should suppose infinitely better adapted to the growth of the vine than the oue ulludcd to ; and, indeed, the vine and tigtree have both given their tes timony to the richness of tbe land in the tovm and vicinity of Slussellbrook. But what is more genial to the feelings of an English agriculturist, tiiereis intheneighbourhooil of this town a nucleus of a wheat-growing country. J have visited Kyuga, where about forty free selectors have settled down, ' for faettcror for worse,' and from all I can see or hear, they are in a fair way to do well for themselves, and for the community ; for they are growing wheat t'or their own use, iind selling the turjJus for the good of theirfellow men, a farinaceous food which wecamiotdo without,, and which may, ivt any time, rise to a figure oppressive to tlie inhabitants of this beautiful country, if we don't look out iu time. Only o:ie of this forty has suffered this y&ir; uhii the effw.U; of rust, olid it is said that be was the earliest sower; but. 1 lmve since beard he sowed both curly and late. It is, however, held as the cause of fiulure amongst his neighbours, that he sowed too early. Ilust did, indeed, show itself to all, but to none did it do much injury. The average extent of wheat sown is 10 acres for each, but one I know out of tbe lot grows 40 acres. This, taking tbe average per acre as near as I could, at 20 bushels, would give, for this small community, S000 bushels. This may be said to be mixed fanning, for they have cows, horses, and some of them sheep besides ; they are, to all appear ances, doing well; in fact, I beard from good authority, that sonic of them bave, for their station in tbe world, accumulated a good deal of money. The cry amongst them is for more Jand ; this is tbe most discouraging part of the whole of my intercourse with them. If they bod said we arc determined to make our land produce twofold by applying manure, I would have given them credit for more good sense, but I Buppose this manuring system will have to be introduced from sheer necessity. If they can get more land, they will have it, and rob it of the qualifies wliicb nature has given it to produce food for man and beast, and when that is robbed of all that can be taken out of it by the present appliances, then a little more land -will he rcauired. I ».m nfrnid thiH rvr tem will only step when we run out of land to rob. The only redeeming point I can Bee is, that when these selectors, wheat-growing fanners, get so encompassed that they cannot get more land in a fitting position, tiny may then take to making mor« hind by enriching that they bave already purchased. These selectors, .in as far as I could 'draw them out,' are not averse to manure, but they find tbe land so cheap that it is more economical to give LI per acre and rob it of its producing qualities, than to be at the expense of manuring to keep up, or even to increase tbpse producing qualities ; but in .this -district I am happy to find that sort of political economy will soon be at an end, for the whole available lnnd will be soon ;taken up, and with tbe disposal of the loud, I hope there will be a simultaneous effort made to increase the surplus produce of this interesting locality, to the profit of its owners, and the good of the public Now that these men are getting into a little, ready money ; now, I Bay, is the time to carry mixed fanning to its legitimate end, viz., that of increasing tlie fer tility of the land, in opposition to that craving desire for more land, which seems at the present time to be without limit. The cause of it is easily seen ; it is the high price of fat.cattle ; every one will follow this hobby, like all Australian projects, till it is overdone. In tlie mean time a great scramble is going on for land, to take all that is good out of it for growing wheat, while tbe price is so high ; the tune may come, and not many years hence,' wben.it must pay to raise cattle, and then in many men's mind, there is no more to do thanio put ina plough, and prepare tbe land for wheat growing, but this may be easier said than done ; the land now reduced by growing tbe same crop so. often, will come to assert its rights, before it will or con produce. How much more judicious would it be for the selector of two or three hundred acres of, land, to keep up tbe condition of that bind by manuring, and cattle and sheep producing at the same time ; and whatever commodity 20 or 30 years hence was tbe nmst profitable for them to produce, he had it in bis power toToise it; but let the land be reduced in its productive qualities, and the stock come to little value, .what is to become of the selector, or I may go further and say, what is to become of the colony? Thisjlittle community are doing well, I have said, at the present time, but their land is not rich, it will be very easily reduced below'a profitable cultivation, they are taking all out and putting nothing in; the best of bind will not stand this treatment, much less will that of middling quality ; soon will the little bit of land now, in posses sion refuse to yield 20, 10, or, perhaps 5 bushels of wheat to the acre, or corn enough to feed the pigs, the fowls, &c.;, &c;, tbe whole living will then come uppn tbe few cattle or horses or sheep— this is a Eerious consideration. Will the few cattle orsheep.or horses, support a large family, for most of these selectors hove been blessed with such, and at jn-eseot that growing family is growing strength, and that strength is employed to work ruin and ' bring on poverty, because tlie more land is cropped the worse it is becoming for the support of that family, the more of it that is broken up and cropped tbe less feed there is for sheep and cattle ; in the nature of all things earthly, this sort of work must findits own level, but when, and where'? Tlie most natural to my mind will be the, following — The oldest son gets married, he either continues in the house, or with tbe profits of the wreck of the farm on wliich he has been reared, and glorying in bis hard fearned cash, conducts bis bride to 'pastures new' tobegin'afxedi, but with a better lined purse, tne same work «f plunder ing tbe soil of this sadly abused colony. The most fortunate daughter may be the nest exodus, and tbe mother with the prospects still bright falthough fading, wishes to give her daughtei a becoming dowry, portions her off at con siderable cost. The farm is sow beginning its retrograde motion, tbe ayailaole b^ f orcju^Vft&nilftntiWi;^, for working the farm are fewer, and.|ligreii»ie»iiinrb'ni» tion to wo^ tor the ^M-^caimi^^feihaAediihiSxtt yielditt wonted let^^^Wtomg bwnches of this 4Dnceliappy'£ai]iily'«re.now/Dedd00d, iu z*Bixic&nutbB3;&o;&i; and, instead of becomingeelector*, mu«t goiritdaerviee, and 'tire parent*, peflflip« -jfli tiie asnstanee of one nanging.on to.innent'tbe^wreck, spend'^&eir;^flt d&j-; This may, by some, be Uioiight an unwarranted pic ture to draw, from present anpearancejS on any put of our nourishing colony, but attnoagh I nope it is, and will be fake, it is tbe unwilling deduction from what I have seen of the now prosperous little community of Kyuga. And if we seek relief from thisdeaponding view, and follow tbe young man who marched in triumph from his father's roof with bis young -wife, to take up new soil on another part of tbe colony,1 to follow out tbe same devastating system of agriculture, we. only enlarge the area of a system which must inevitably lead to the same result, and that is tne system that is now going on unchecked throughout the length and breadth of the colony.- If any- one interested in the matter will take the trouble to note tbe present rate of alienation of land, and ascertain the amount of available land for growing cereal or other cropB, be will find it requires bttle stretch of imagination to fix ihe time when this colony will have the cream of her land reduced to that state of exhaustion which few would care to in herit as a paternal portion. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet «. ghost an unprincipled fellow ! Because he sticks at nothing. M-n bornb'ind wn'i be carpenter'*, q-causs th9y BeversLW. ' v What is that which hoe a mouth, but never speake, and a bed iujwhich it never deeps ?— A river. » If the burglars carry off your p'jite, wby is it right p -Because it's not left. 'Matchless Miseey— Having a cigar and nothing to fight it with. A new paper in Texas starts out with the announce ment that 'in religion we are conservative, and we in tend to adhere to the cash system ' To take down tbe gridiron from tbe nail where it is hanging, with the left hand, is a sign that there will be a broil in the kitchen. A bdy wished a Beat A portly handsome gentleman brought one and seated the lady. ' ' Oh. yon're u jewel/' said she. 'Oh ?no,' he replied. 'I'm a jeweler. I have jirsfEet tbe jewe'.' J3. 1VUU UU9UOUU Wj&SUVU; irU a IKITUUf 1VUI, HICVJU woman came near calling mo honey last nigbt. ' -'Lid sbe, Bill? What did bdc sayp' '.-be said/ 'Well, o;d Beeswax, come to supper.' ' Jack and Gill were coming down the bill the other morning, when Gill flopped heaviiyon her back Says Jack, 'Now you mini me of a gooS5.' ' Why?'' in quired Gi'.'. ' Because '' was the exasperating reply, ' you've got down on you back.' Did the man who ploughed eeas, and afterwards planted his foot upon native soil, ever harvest Lis crops ? ! Our school-boy remarks that when !)ia teacher under takes to show him what Is what, he only finds out which is switch. Bl'ho following conversation is reported to have oc cun-R-l between a British tourist and a steamboat pilot : ' That is hbaek Mountain ?' ''Yee, Sir ; the highest mountain above Lake George ' ' Any story or legend connected with that mountain ?'' ' Lot3 oE 'em Two lovers went up to that mountain once and never came back again.' ?' loo'eeti ! Why? What became of them r'1 ' Went down on the other eide.' 