THE DEBATE ON THE ADDRESS. TO THE EDITOR. I am, Sir, &c.;, AN ELECTOR. River Murray, May 16. Sir—Would you be good enough to allow me to give my opinion upon the speeches of three of the leading members of the House of Assem- <*> bly? Upon this occasion, firstly, I will take Mr. Barrow's, which I entirely agree with, in hi* desire to give the Government a little mere time to explain matters, and aot to kill thsm at first sight—this was just as it ought to be. Secondly, I srill take my old friend, Mr. West- Erslrine, and I sm sorry I cannot pay him the aame mpirlim**"* ; but I asest ■be hoaest. aad therefore 1 must aay ttat in my opinion hi* speech npon this occasion will aot add anything to his popularity. •' Dee* he thrnkferamoment ttat beeanse a few hundred benast .peaceable Cornish miners united together for the benefit of themadves aad rV—ii*'.^ by demanding a fair wages for their work, that such ought to be put down with fire aad award ? This laa disfran chise with a vengeance. In depriving the working class of their privileges. If we had a few hundreds ef wild Irishmen, or of aay other countrymen, crying foe Houae Bale aaid down with the Govemme?t,tten laaybyaflmeans pnt ttem down with a Strang hand If amumsiy. but not to raise a farce of soldiers to prevent the working men from ««*«-ine a fair price for their labor. Thirdly, I will take Mr. Ward. His speech sraa just what I thoaght it would be —exoellent Mr. Mann aad otters may ameer at him, but Mr. Ward wiU make hia mark oome day aa a red useful politician, if he has not done co already; aad whether the present Go varnment took their new laud policy from bim or not, it is much needed, and it not passed this session will be sure enough to paai next I don't think that any centleman going against all country lands being put up at £1 per acre, and any part, or rather the whole c< liny, to be open for edeotion, will have a ghost of a chance to get a aeat in Parliament Now, Sir. I would respectfully ask you why ahould our Land Aot be ues liberal than Victoria? [In order to obviate nnneoeeaary controversy, we may remark that ia his allusion to the em ployment of armed force, Mr. West-Enldne meant no more than "An Elector" does, namely, ttat ttere should always be a suffi. dent force for the protection of life end pro perty, not to prevent working men asking what price they think fair for their labor. —Hn.] 