IPSWICH RESERVE. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] Cotton-picking is now pretty general throughout this neighbourhood, and most fields promise an abun- dant yield—more so than any previous year. The hulk of the cotton is in the immediate vicinity of Dinner Camp and Normanby gullies ; the adjacent farms being principally maize, which crop is by far the most profitable this year on account of the local consumption and the loss by floods in the southern colony. A great many farmers and residents have already left this district, and many more will soon be march- ing to the tune "Hump your drum," as the sorry pit- tance likely to rule this season for cotton will necessi- tate a general move either to the tin-mines, the Palmer, or elsewhere. The farmers find, after years of patient drudgery and privation, cotton-growing will not give a bare subsistence to their families, conse- quently those who have entirely depended on cotton are now compelled to dissolve partnership with their homesteads and conditional purchases, and leave them for the benefit of the Government and the wallabies. The motto "Perseverando vinces" cannot be applied to cotton-growing. Our roads are in the same deplorable condition, with the exception of here and there a culvert thrown together on the cheap- and-nasty principle on one or two of the solitary byways ; while the main road to Ipswich is entirely neglected, and the farmers are con- stantly complaining of having to unload their produce to extricate their horses and drays from the bog-holes they have to drag through on their way to town. If our late Minister for Public Works (Mr. Thompson) had continued in office, our roads would by this time have been in a better state of repair ; such neglect is quite unjustifiable. The great conclave has again met, and Mr. Thorn, in his Ministerial statement, said the policy of the present Government would be a progressive one— viz., the public roads of the colony would receive at- tention, and railway extension be carried out. What about the tramway ?—a theme so great with the hon. member when addressing the electors of the Ipswich Reserve ; that and the mail-bag he promised for the convenience of the farmers have entirely escaped the hon. member's memory. Could you inform me, Mr. Editor, if the portion of the Warwick road from the Peak Bridge to Mahaffey's corner, Green Swamp, is included in the public roads of the colony ? If so, we may stand a ghost of a chance in getting our common rights in the shape of road-making which we have so long been excluded from. The language of Pope has been applicable to every age— "Perhaps you think the poor might have their part ; Bond damns the poor, and hates them in his heart : The grave Sir Gilbert holds it as a rule That every man in want is knave or fool." Harrisville again presents a busy appearance, and the new firm are erecting more commodious buildings for the reception of the cotton. The weather continues hot with frequent showers throughout the day ; the nights are cool and pleasant. March 29. The following instance of cannibalism among the aborigines is related by the Northern Advocate :—On a station, not far from here, a letter was received from a neighbouring one, the bearer being a blackfellow be- longing to the latter. The poor fellow went down to the blacks' camp to spend the night. Our informant went down there the following morning to give the messenger his reply, but was told by the blacks that he had been very sick and had died in the night. He had doubtless (?) been very sick—a tomahawk in the skull has a tendency that way. Briefly, all that was left of the poor wretch was some bones tied up in tea- tree bark and suspended to a tree ; pieces of flesh still unconsumed awaited, we suppose, the return of ap- petite on the part of his slayers. The issue of the 14th instant of the Northern Miner, now published at Ravenswood, has the following :— Next Tuesday is the 17th of March, which every one knows is St. Patrick's Day. There is not a stir among the " boys" here for any fun. The Palmer fever has a fast grip on them, and it is little they think of poor " Ould Ireland" and her patron. At one time it used to be kept as a Government holiday. We are left now without priest or parson ; we shall soon forget how to " bless" ourselves. It does not matter much, for they are building a fine cathedral in Brisbane, and Dr. Quinn has considerately taken al the gold he could from Charters Towers for the glorification of a Brisbane building, whilst the mem- bers of his flock here are left without any one to minister to their spiritual wants. The poor foreign priests sent here have languished on " short commons," and no wonder they have left Ravenswood and Charters Towers for more genial society. The Irish Catholics here and at Ravenswood are well able to support a priest, but let him be of their own nation. They prefer the home-spun and, possibly, coarser and dearer article, to any cheap and foreign manufacture. The deprivation of public worship is a positive loss and injury to the community. If St. Patrick lived in Brisbane now, he would not think of fine houses and lands, cathedrals, and what not, whilst there were townships within reach of him containing any of his children, requiring spiritual help. He would be soon up and doing, or his name is not Pat. Of mining matters at Charters Towers the Northern Advocate of the 7th instant says :—The amount of gold forwarded by the escort which left here during the week is very satisfactory, taking into consideration the large exodus of miners which has taken place from here to the Palmer River gold-field. It will be recollected that the January escort only took one parcel of gold, from the Bank of New South Wales, of 1970oz. This bank sent on this occasion a further amount of 3067oz. 18dwt., or a total for two months of 53370z. 18dwt. The two other banks, which did not forward any gold by previous escort, have this week sent : Queensland National Bank, 4914oz. 19dwt. 15gr. ; and Australian Joint Stock Bank, 3639oz. 1dwt. 12gr. ; a total by this week's escort of 11,621oz. 19dwt. 3gr., or for the two months of 13,231oz. 19dwt. 3gr. It is an old saying, " figures speak for themselves," and we think no better proof of the prosperity of this field could be adduced than those quoted above. In addition to the above, we are enabled to give the result of four months' work in the General Wyndham p.c., on this field, in raising stone and crushing the same from let October last to 5th February :—The quantity of stone raised and crushed during that period was 610 tons, which yielded 2260oz. 4dwt. 12gr. of smelted gold. Twenty-eight tons of stone crushed at the same time yielded 60oz. 5dwt.—a total of 2320oz. 9dwt. 12gr., of the value of £8461 8s. 11d. A valuable buggy horse belonging to Mr. A. B. Finlay, of Millfield, near Mackay, was the other day attacked by an alligator, which tore a large portion of skin off the horse's head and made three deep marks in the frontal bone. Luckily the wound inflicted by this apparently hungry denizen of the Pioneer has not proved so bad as to unfit the horse for future service, and a short time hence will see a recovery effected, but there will always be a mark to show the savage fierceness of the alligator's assault. The horse most likely when feeding rambled too close to the edge of the river, and thus tempted his assailant to make the attack.—Mackay Mercury. 