THE OPENING OF S'Y PATRICK'S COL. LEGE, GOULBURN. (From our Special Correspondent.) The opening of S\ Patrick's Culle^e which has ju.^fc recently been completed, took plare last Sunday, and the success which attended the inauguration was most gratifying. It was emi nently a auccess in regard to the number and character of the attendance, as the distinguished personages of the hierarchy of this cl ny were present, with the clergy of the whole of the southern district, and the nost influential resi dents of G'-nlburn, Yass. Bmrowa, and other t -wns, f8 we las of the metro ool's. In the light o£ a ceretjony, it was a p rfeot treat;, as the arrangements wfre verv waciFiaeiory, ano sue oration delivered by Father Kelly, a master piece of elo iuent reasoning on the subject of p.ducation, and a magnificerfc defence of the r olicy of the Church in regard thereto. Finan cially it was also successfnl, as much as £700 having been subscribed for liquidating the debt remaining on the college. For some time prior to the. opening o£ the college, the greatest interest was fiakeo. in the matter by the inhabitants of Goulburn, and of Yas?, Burrovva, and other towns, a« it had been pretty generally rumoured that in alditionto the renowned Father Kelly, the Archbishop and his Coadjutor would be present, and take part in the proceed inas, and ia consequence of this, large numbers of visitors arrivtd iu Gouiburn on the previous day, and the hotels were bo crowded that several gentte inen who came up from SydDey by the night train could not obtain accommodation, and were compelled to patrol the streets till day« light. His Grace Archbishop Polding and his (wrace Coadjutor Archbishop Vaughao, and their Lord ships Bishop Quinn, of Bathurst, and Bishop Murray, of Maitland, arrived in Gouiburn oa Saturday, and were the guests of his Lordship Bishop Laaii'.an. The greater portion of fche clergymau who visited GmOburn on the same day, stayed at Payten's Hotel. At ea lv mcruing ou the inaugural day the townspeople were beasirring themselves, and , large numbers were to be seen wending their way to St. Peter aud St. Paul's Church, from which place it had been ar;auged the procession should move to the. college. At 9 a. m. , the bays I attending the Catholic school were formed In | the order of procession, aud furnished with banners bearing the inscriptions KeWi»ioa and Education ' and ' Alvaace . Australia.' The college youths, who were preseut to thu number of thirteen or fourteen, Likewise forme I in that order, and bore a banner with the inscription 'Success to St. Patrick'd College.7' Shortly after, the young ladies bearding at the coavenfe school, who were dressed in white, with blue sashes, approached the school ground from the nojtheru private entrance to the convent, and . they were immediately followed by the girls attending tho day school, who .vere dresBed in white with grean sashes. The youiig ladies carried several handsome banners, bearing ap« propriate uiuttoes, and the school children were likewise provided with seveial handsome banners. The appearance o£ the youn-3 ladies anrl the school children was most pleasing, and reflected most creditably on those who had control over that portioo of the arrange monts. The membets of St. Peter's bran.cli of the Holy Cabhulic Guild, assembled ab the school-bouse, a v«ry large number being pre sent. The Warden of the p:irent branch, Mr. E. J. Rubie, was present and took pu,vfc in the procession, having ou either side the Warded and paan Warden of St. Peter's Guild (Brothers W. P. Digman and P. F. Riley ) At 10 a.m., the whole procession formed, an-2 proceede i on its way to St. Patrick's College^ in the order aa follows, the young ladies of the Convent School and the children of the female school, the boys of bhe Catholic school, the col lege youths, the members of one '3-uild ; and the following clergymen, v.z :— The Revs. F. Dunne, M. S'attery, E. M. M'Carthy, €L Gillaher, J. Keating, J. Dunne, E. O'Owyer,, D. Dw\er. J. Diwlinsr, N. Bertningbaai9 P. O'Ketffe. C. Twomey, M. O'Baen, EL Finegan9 W. MGrabh, F. Hanly, T S. Leonard, P. Ryan, Forde. Rya«, T. J. Dowlina, his Lordship the Bishop of JBathursfe, his Lordship the Bishop of MaitVmd, and his L Tiiship the Bishop of Goal burn. His Grace the Coadjutor Arehbishep 3-r. Vaughan, his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney attended by his chaplain, Father CoUetti, foi» lowed ia hu carriage, and ioined the procession! when it was proceeding to the College. Br. Forrest, Rector of S\ John's College, Mr. Healy, barrister- afc-l'iw, Mr. W. A. Duncan, and other gentleuie -, feliows of the metropolitan college;, followed in & private cania^e. On arriving at the collec.e, the whole of fchs scholars entered a spacious marquee, and were accommodated with seats at the northern ertdo The members of the Guild formed in two lines at the eu trance to the marquee, aud allowed fche Clergy to pa-«s in and take their seat3 near fche altar,' and then followed the general public* THE SKUM0N. At the conclusion of Mass the Rev. William Iveliy, Ol uiio kJuihi by ui. eieaua, ivjueiuimriuKj preaehed. He rej*d from the Epistle for fche day (Septuageaima Sunday) : 1st Corinthians, chapter ix., 25 h verso: ' Know yon nob that they that run ia the race, all run indeed, fonfc one receiveth the prize 1 Sd run that you may obtain. And . every one that strivebh for the mastery, reFraineth himself from all things anctt they iudood that, they may receive a corruptible crown, tut we an incorruptible ono. I there* fore so run, n*-t as an uncertainty : I 30 fights nut' as one healing the air.' — Th« Apostle PanH in these worda frond his lirst Eplstls to fche Coriuthiatis aptly describes the struggles of fcke Christian, comparing hina to an athlete iu bhe Grecian g-tnes. He who raa in fch© race refrained' from all thing? that wenld! retard his spe^d,' and the boxer, to be srac cessful, did noc fight as one beating the air, foafe ?sought' by .well- directed blows to* conqrzez his opponent. So is it with the Church. Hers is a constant fight, and her ttruggles are unceasing ; bat she does not fight against uncertainties. Her g-eatest antagonist at the present day is irreligous educati. n, and in her struggle against this she desires to letain the light she freely accords to others, of selecting that species of education suited to her faith and teaching. Education without religion would, if prautisfd to the fullest extent in English-speaking com munities, throw the people back, not behiad ?':? those of other nations in civilization, but far . behind that state when tho Druids trained the youths of Etiglani in philosophy and the worship of the immortal gods. No system of education could be admitted into an English community that was separated from Soripture. Every part of the British C nstitution ia so im bued with the truths of Scripture, which it might be said firms its very foundations, that all teaching must more or less partake of a ' Scriptural character. There are however those who deny thai Christ should teach men. The preacher here ent» rd into an elaborate argument, J proving incoatestably that Christ having es j tablisbed a soci-fcy, and shown by the purity of His life, the sublimity of His preaching, and most of all, hy the miracles he wr mgbt, that He was the Son of God, His teaching was the btst suited to all who desired salvation. Education must contain religi goos instruction. The Catholic Church will never submit to a separation of secular . from religious educaion. She will make any sacrifice to preserve the combination of religion with secular kn -wledi:e, because the aut;.nns of men ar \ anided by the education received in youth. The separation sought for tends to bring roligiou into contempt. A half hour devoted to religious ins'ruebion, instead of ele : vating the pupil, naturally causes him to despise it, because it is not included iu the rpgular order of the day'a teaching, hut is driven into a corner and placed a lvilt hour before or a half hour aftrfr the regular routine of teaching is com menced or emit d. Also if secular education is most honoured by the teacher, as it woald be -where it only is taught during the principal hours, tho children who look up to the ex ample of the teacher, seeing that he eoutemns it by ignoi'iug it, will only despise it. Rh garding schools aad colleges like thab which they were met to open, there were tests that decided whether they should stand or fall, and thoss tests were the piMic examinations of candidates for the civil service by which the utility of every high school was gauged, and from which no college at any rate can by any moans expect to ccape. It has heen . admitted that the Cuhotic Church can be i entrusted with the di^e.nination of religious teaching, but on no aecount should she have anything to do with secular education. ? Taming to history, the preacher showed that all the great colleges and universities were bounded and estaV. ished by the Church, and the Pontiffs and Catholic Emperors vied with each other in heaping favours on *.hese peats of learning. Thus the Catholic Church i-ver show d herse'f the great', patroniser o: science and art. The preacher hero cited the names and discov eries of numerous son* of the Church who dis tinguish'*! themselves in physical science. Iu conclusion he .pointed out the great advantages to be derived fi'qm the establishment of the college, the opening of which they were then celebrating, an I congratulated his Lordship, Dr. Lani^an on the erection of so noble a building and hop^ I God wonM bless and prosper the un dertaking oouiuv need in the infant college. ; Dr, Murray, Buhop of Maibland, after con gratulating the Bishop of Goulburn, sp'okeof the zeal and energy ot the p- ople in advancing; the cause ot G 'd and the spiritual welfare of their children. H» then made the following financial statement. He said that the sum of 62G0Q had been receivsd on account of the building of the coll- gi;, while £4200 had been expended on the building and out tmild ings and £500 for fur uiture, making a total of £4700, thus leaving a debt on the building of £2100. He had also to mention a donation that day of £100 from Bishop Linigan, £10 from the Birhip of Batburpt, and £10 from himself. He then appealed to English, Irish, and Scotch members of the churc i, and particularly to young Australians, tu assist them in clearing off the rier/ o - t-te Coileue. A «-'l '-ton whs then made, and, as state! before, the Bum o £7u0 col i« -.-. e t. The Luncheon. i The assemblage then adjourned to luncheou, which was provided gratuitous!) by th«i Catho lic ladies ot Goulburn, and served up in excel- : lent style in a spacions marqwe at the western side of the college. About 400 lad ie* and gen- j tlemen fa*, down at the tables. The Archbishop j and Bishops were conducted to a separate table ! on a l'aiseil dais at the north end of the marquee. The Biihop of Goulburn presided, and on his right eat his Grace Archbishop Folding, the Biahop of Butaitrsfc, Dr. Forrest, and tbe Fellers' of St. John's College ; ou his left the Coadjutor- Arch'nishop,. the Bishop of Maitland, and the Rev. W . Kelly, S. J. After luncheon The Bishop of Goulburn, on rising, said thaft all the circumstances of the day filled him with creak joy, and tnavle it incumbent on him to thank tbo«« whose presence gave importance and digoity to the occasion. In the first place, he had- to chunk bh« B. shops. They had with them hia Grace the Archbishop, whose name waa a;s o at»-i with th ? beginning of society in Goulburn. Today he should be glad to see it advanv:*.d to b y hoot I, whilat hia name continued to hold :mv»ti«;st all a high place of respect and of reverence. They bad with them the young Archbishop, in wh.si presence was noticeable one remark ib'e tenure For some centuries past the Catuolie Church had received but little favour through England, unless in very in dividual ewes. No* Bhe began to aspire higher, and through one of her sons, take her place at tha head of the Australian Church. When in England, the sight of the old Catholic Ctatheirala reminded him of England in her Catholic day*. His Grace of Nazianzus came a-nongst them wir.h a blessing from that source, from which went forth the Mossinc lvsultin^ in England's old Catholit; glories. He trusted he would worthily represent those sloi -us days of Old England. They h;id with thorn the Bit-hop of B.ithurst, who, from the fcinue that he was placed a'j the head of this -Hoc.«e, waa to him every way a string support. He encou raged hi -a by his example whenever he went, to BcUhurst ; he \fna wita him whenever his pre sence was wantel a!; any public work in the diocese of Goulburn. What he had said of the Bishop of Bathur--t he might repeat of the. Bishop of Maitlaud. Wm-n at Albuiv ou the occasion of blessing the noble new church there, he was a-k ng whether he himself or theae had made the greater numbar of visits to Albury ; so at any inconvenience they w-re ready to encourage and to help him. He desired to thank these illustrious representatives of the Catholic Church in New S'-uth Wales, as well as the Priests of the Diocese, whose ac'ive cv co-oparation with him, and that of the Catholic people of the diocese, raised tue building before them, and on whose continued support he mated his confidence in the success of the coll-gs. With these he wisher! 'o associate the Priests from other dioceses w1 -- were with them that day, naming Dr. Fom- -, as representing their highi-r literary -institu' on. His Grace Archbi^nop Polling, who rose ami 1st prolonged cheers, declared that he had but little to say ;' for what he bal to speak about Father Kelly had gone into in his able sermon. Hi declared that; the history of the Australian Church was just that of the general j. Church. They were all aware of the state of the - Church from the time our Lord de.el.uvd to St Peter, 'thou art Peter, ' and upon this rbA, - &c.;' a-id for three or four centuries af:er. It was only to tbe peculiar mercy of Go i that' it owed its w«U-b:-!ing. They, it is true were not called upon through his great compassion on their weakness to suffer persecution as ia earlier times. G )d had perhaps spared them on account of their weakness. Catholics should always show themselves foremost in every good worlt, ami never be afraid to avow their principles. The Buchanans and the Stewarts might rave and call him and hia brother Bishops im postors ; but it wa3 of no importune while they (his children) knew whether tbey were such or not- They woui.l still keep ou their quiet way, prove themselves good citizens, fore most; iu every good woik tending to th« glory ot God and to the Welfare of their country. Dr. Vaughan then rose and said : — Your Grace, my Lords, Ladies4and Gentlemen, —I thank you my Lord Bishop of Goulburn, for the flittering terms iu which you h-ive spoken of me, and you my lords, ladies and gentlemen, for the cordial manner in which you have recei ed the mention of my name. And I fe 1 particularly gratified not only by the terms j made use of by his lordship in my regard, but ! also by the manner in which he has introduced me to your notice. He has spoken of me as an E .glishman who is identified with England, especially with those ages of faith whMiintro- ? duced freedom and greatness to the English ' name It is a pleasant thing to como amongso you as a representative of what was on^e a great Catholic community, and as a son of fore fa the s who in go id and evil report stubbo nly held the garment of the ancient Catholic creed. My friend, Father Kelly, told us this morning that a batch of learned Irishmen went ov r t - England in days gone by, and 'i hat th y. joined by a body of Englishmen, crossed the narnw, seas, and carried bhe torch of science in -.ne' hand and that of faith in the other info the dark forests of Germany, and the wilds of uncivilized Europe. Now it is the tu n fo- an Englishman to come amongst an episcop'te which for the most part is composed or Iri h Prelates, and to unite his little stock of knowledge with their large experience, and to join them in the ' common faith, ia order that, ia the bonds of charity a-Kl religion, they may one and all .seek and pro vote the true interests of genuine Catoolicifcv in these! colonies, and it is a joy to me to enter into] such a fellowship. This is the first opportunity that has ofteiv.d its If to roe of meeting t..ej Prelates of the Australian Church and i c .n-i sider io a privilege t-j be allowed to identify -my name and my interests with theirs. Tnou'gh I have known him bub twemy-four hours, I have felt the atb-action of the Bishop of Babhurst, and his geublenesM, his pi-ty, and his episcopal zeal have made themselves felt \ipon me dur ng a p'easaut bub too short an acquaintance. As for hii lordship on my left (the Bishop of Maitland) we had but to be introduced to know each other, if I may be allowed to say so, as friends ; for, after all, men whose lives aie identified with the same infc'-rests, and whose ai ms are simple aud in the same direction, do not require any great length of time to read ea'-h other's hearts and to take interest in each other's Welfare. Indeed, 1 have been received ; with such unmistakable kinduess and cordia ity i by all the bishops wish whom I have come in con taut, that if union is strength I think I may say that we shall be ss-ron^ indeed. Nor do X exclude from my category the learned Dr. Forrest, to look upon whose countenance is simply tobe lit up by a reflection of wit, kindue s, and generosity. And us to the special objecc which has called us together on r.lns occasion many thoughts have been pouring into fuymind. or ra her, my imagination 1 have bee i calleil to-day ' the young Archbishop.' Now we are told by philosophers that the old live iu the past whilst the youig look forward into the future. And I inusb confess that I am nob without my dreams. What are we assembled for here to-day ? I& is to open this substantial college, placed upon this eminence, and pro claiming to the city at ics foot, thab one ot the first interests of the Citholic Church is the edu cation of the rising generation. I congratulate as Lordship of Goulbnm ou the realization of this undertaking. I reverence him for having in this place set up so beautiful a home wheie 'earning may not only dwe'l, but may spread its benehVent light abroad. H re true sci nee joined iu lissolubly wi h true fai h, will educate a id inform the expanding mind. Here the prin ciples of true progress— progress in a straight linn — not in a circle re mi rang t* tho point fr m which it smarted— will be cherished, together with the Christian priuc-nles of true patriotism and true stability, which result in tha .strength and development ot all that is spiritually noble and materially valuable within the range of human wishes . And my vision seems to carry me beyond these wal s whiih have just be-n erected. f. find,, bes de-s a college at'Gou burn, a college at Syd-' neyandat B.thurst too— in f--ct, I see in my dream flourishing domes of learning arising in each of t-e dioceses of thi* great continent, aud the choi est specimens of rising genius con centrating from e.ich *-f them up n t'ie great cole.eofSt John. I see young Catho'ic men from every quarter of Australasia represented there, and distinguish ng themselves in the University itself. I s-ie them enter the arena of life j and armed with the learn- j ing and p'dlosop'iy of the (Jatholie ; sch'iols, taking the.r place in the Senate and at j the bar, aud beoomiug o naments and powers j in tin growing coannuui'ies of our towns an/I ; cities Aud through s-ich elements 'as those ! being fused into the nerve and fibre of the ruling class, I perceive a strength in govern ment, an I an enlightenment in legislat on, and a nobility and c'u tu're iu the higher walks o£ life, . which are the necessiry an I logical development . ; of that systena of education which is adopted by the Catholic Church. And though my rlream may C'lrry, ine'far into the future— though my thoughts' may simply be the stufl of which , . niv dreams i are made, still, when I look to th- . mag ..ticent ; acnon of 1 1'. ? great' Irish hierarchy latterly taken wit'-. : .;egard-' to '? t'.'U'j-t.»ii, or' at l.he tff.jrts »i the .prd.it :s of Eii »land in the same drvotinn— -ih^'irs n/-t too san guuie to expect ihat tuo tiiiits iuay siirely one!' d^y come, when the Australian hra'a-chvalso ' vtill ouiUVr i\ similar. ;fiin)u _-U|jt)u Cii- C-'iristiah; : reliaioa in these latitude-*, and upon a .society which is y1|Oll4».' '?*{£?- -ts way m'i» iJnrkn ?-?;? and . confasion. The t«achers of the chumb. . the Bishops of the world in a special nianner, have ever Heen tha. S''h»olm\3t-,«vs of science an I cul tivators of patriut'Stn aurl progress ; and if cue churc'i his fiav«d the wb-li many a r.i'm-» before, it is not bey«nl the ra ige of ' p i-BMlsty to. expect that she may savK t'u- world ;-giin. But '( it is time for me to awaken from my re--e-i-. And as I do so I knk nurtemors around ma va this distiuguishtd co'upany, aad ag*in thank you, nay Lord Bisbup of G-ui'-nim. for r/de graciou-t manner in which you ha-e syok-jn of ; me, and you my lords, ladies, aud gentlemen for the mo3b cordial way in which yoti have received those generous words The bishop of Batburst thought it would be a pity to lessen, by any lengthened obRervations of his, the effect of the maguifi enb address, they had just heard from the Coadjutor- Archbishop. 'Set he could not deny himself tb.3 gratification of warmly acknowledging the kind sentiments which his Lordship the Bishop o? Goulburn had been good enough to express in his regard, and for the more than kind manner in which, they had been received by their lordships, the priests, and the people. The Bishop of Goul bura alluded, in flattering terms, to what bad been done in the diocese of Bithurst for the advancement of religion since hia promo'ion to that see. He would not deuy that much, very much, had been done, neither would he deny that whatever litt'e p -wers and energy God had given him had been exerbed to their full for that end. But when the truth was told it was the generosity of the people of Bat hurst and the example that had been set them by the south, which was the true cause of what h&i; been done for the advancement of religion ia the we^t. The people of Bithurst were a generoua, noble people, and he would be doing them an injustice if. he did not proclaim the fact oo this solemn occasion. They were never called ou in the proper manner for any object for the advance ment of religion to which they did not, corres pond with far greater generosity than could be anticip (tad. Yet the magnificent sight they had witnessed here to-day would favourably compare with anything thab had been doae in Babhurst. And if they cast a glanes upon the past would they not find that the good biahop of this diocese and his worth'-, able, and large hearted Vicar-G-.'nerul were in advance in ^svery good work Oh, how the big heart of Dr. M Alroy would swell with joy were ke present at the glorious manifestation they had witnessed that day. He had heard of the works ox Dr. M' Alroy before he carae to Australia, and what ever little energy he had used for the advance ment of the same course had been largely excited by his example. He had also to thank ; his Grace the Coadjutor- Archbishop for iiis very kind allusion to him. He had been pleased to call him his friend, and he could assure his Qthcg that he would ev^r find him a friend fast and true. He ha-i been sent to us, and out of the ordinary course, by that great and glorious pontiff wh» had suffered so much tar tbe Church of G -d ; aud ho would no1; be worthy of the. uhut-.? of Irish bishop who would hr»c receive tae fibjwt of such appointment. ?? From his short arquaintanoe with his Grace he found him op«». ma. y. «-ul straightforward, v/itb --ne o'vjfot on'y io view, the advancement of veligUN). Suoh (and such .he was convinced was the Oo a'lj'i^or-Arohbtshop) would have his whole heart, ami his nnti--n co-operation. In resuming hi-* ?-e.it hiv lordship a^ain thanked the Bishop of Goulbu-n, the othsr prelates, the priests, and ihe pi'op'e for tteir very mirksd kindness to him -in tint oc !ns:on. The Bishnn of Maitland then addressed the assem bly. While he desired to expis9« Mb t'haaka to his Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn tor his kindness in uniting his humble name to those of the other distinguished prelates present on thU very important occasion, he confessed he felt rather embarrassed as to what he had to soy. For the other prel ites ha i already said so much, and said it so well, be thought it better for hint to say nothing. However he con d not but express his extreme de ight at t k ng an humble part in the solemn proceedings of tlvt ay, and in the opening of a Ca holic College, which, in the ways of Providence was destined to confer unspeakable blessii gs on the Oath Jic youth7 botn of the present generation and of genera tions yet unborn. They were aware that a noble college was lately opened for the same purpose at Bathurst, und there was an hon 0 -rable rivalry between their Lordsh ps of Goulburn and Bath urst in star ing these gl'-ri. ons institutions. At one dine re did not think it would I e in his power to follow the example of these pi'elates He was in 'ulging the hope of asking the Catholics of his district t - avail of the opportunities afforled by these colle es, bnfc in this too he f. It some difficulty, inas.»uich as be should select one of the colleges and thereby give a preference wh'ch the ri airy of the two p- elates would not allow him to make. Souie of vuy people on h- aring of the prog ess of col legate institutions in Bathurst and in Goulburn as ced me and your lor ship, when shall we have a college ? And it struck me at once, t a'. J would relieve myself of a great difficulty and put an end to all j alsusy between Goulburn and Bathurst if I t«ok c mrage, and ma^e a beginning of a college dest ned othe1 wis°. to con fer gi'eat blessings on tbe ris ng generation in the diocese of Maitland. I am proud to say that this beginning has been made, and I le ieve I may safely say that I purchased for this object was completed on ye terday, and although the late floods which I grieve to say, have brought ruin and cleso'ation upon thousands of my H ck. yet I ha^e no d-'iibt 'they will co-operate with' me most cordialy and generously in paying off the sum of money advanced for the new college of t'e Sacred Heart. 1 in nst also say that it is very, gratifying to me to meet on this occasion the two Arch bishops, who give such eclat to bhe occasion, and as th-s is. the -first opp rbunity we have had of meeting p . Van hau, I am anxious, thug publicly to welcome him to these our Austra lian snore's.' He comes amongst us entru ted with a .solemn and high mission by the Vicar ot C -rist. and bherefore furnished with credentials, that will ensure for him a most hearty welcome from every Irish priest, and from every Catholic Irishman in this fair laud of Australia, and I need 3C-trcely add that he is sure to receive a most cordial welcome from every Tri-h bishop. He comes to us, car y ing the bless 1115 of the Pope, and he therefore, if I may so express myself* has our blessing and the blessing 0? the clergy and people. ;* A ?? r ?»»? J'i«virn-i'«, aud ?« nsurit «f th? Chu- eh of God, Sc. Columba ms. writing to the Pope of his day thus addresses him in the name of the Irish people. ' We are the scholars of Ss. Peter and Paul and of all d sciples subscribing by the Ho'y Ghost to the- Divine canon 5 all are Irish, inhabitants of the remotest part of the whole world, receiving nothing save what is the Evangelic and the Apost lie doctrine. No-e ot us has be n a heretic, none a J- w, none a schis matic, but tbe faith just as it was at fust delivered by you the successors of the holy apostles *is held un- haken. We are as 1 said n«for.-3 bouul to the Church of St. Peter. For a though 'Rome is great and illustrious y^.t it is only through this chair that she is great and renowned amomist us.' Jn the spirit and language of St. Columbauue, I say that we, the Irish Catholics of Australia though inhabitants of the remotest nart of tho wh-]e Uatholic world do nob yield to any other nation in our loyalty and fide'ity (o the See of Peter, and in our intense affection for the person of the illustrious Pius the IX. It i-- on his account, and on account of the auth «rity which, he holds as Vicar of Christ that h s commands are cheerfu-ly obeyed, and ther fore, for the same reason shall he be honoured by us who ha* been introduced to us by the Seal of the F sherman. It is well that it should t»o forth, from this solemn meeting that his Grace the new Archbishop shall have our most cordial co operation in promoting the rel gous interest? of this country. BFh shall have our support and counsel in his difficulties, our sympathy in his trials, and the fervent prayers of prelates, priusts, ant! tjeo'de, that he may realize to tie fullest extent tht. expectations of the Holy See in sending him to this country. A short, time ago his Grace the Coadjutor, speaking of the collections for St. Ma-y's Cathe dral, expressed a hone that he miaht'be able to soften the hearts of the bishops, and induce them to a low him to make a eol'ecton iu their reqjecbive diocees. I think he see- to-day thafc our hearts are softened, though, indeed, I am tui wiling to admit such an hypothesis at all, for in our case there are no hearts to be softened ; an^, as far as I am concerned, I wish to tell his Grace he can have his fling throughout the length and breadth of the diocese of M^itland, provided, oi: course, the same privilege b 1 granted to me. of having my ftinj iu the dio -ese of Sydney. I natter myself that neither I nor my people shall be losers in th« tran 'action. In conclusion, I wish to congratulate the worthy Bish -p of Goulburn on the glorious thing- which, he aided by his priests and people, has accomplish* -l for the g od of reli-rfou iu this diocese, and f trust that he aud all the prelates will often assemble at aimi'ar ceremonies and by their cordial union erect churches, schools, and colleges which will in the ways of Providence, make the Catholic people of this count y au intelligent, prosperous, content -d, and religions people for ' blessed is tint peopld whoss God is tin; Lord.' Dr. Forrest replied for the clergy, visitors, and the college of St. John. Tt was his privi lege to thauk the Bishop of Goulburn, and his priests for the honour done to the clergy of the neighbouring dioceses and the Rector and and Fellows of St. John's. Ha had often been bhe guest of his dear college friend, Dr. Lanigan The bishop and the priests, of Gonlhurn diocese (Continued in page 19.} (Continued from page 10.) are indeed what St. Paul desired, 'hospitable.' On tbie occasion, as ai; all times, they have realised what is so commended, if not com auaified, by the Apoetle. The reception tjiven to the visitors was as splendid as it was cordial and characteristic. Oq behalf of Sfc. Johu;s College, he had to thank his lordship, and he Sloped, that what hi8 Grace the Archbishop of JJazianzus had so eloquently described as tho future of this colony and ef theCatboUc Gutircb therein would, in some measure, be true of St. liave a glorious inhtritance in this auuuy land. We have free lom -we have all the elements of national greatness. We have inHtitutious that will reflect honour on the memory of the states man by whom they were founded. Let the youug m^n who will be and must be the legis lators and the guiders of the coming geueration, fit themselves for the grand work beforu them, ft is noble. Lftt honour, intelligence, high culti vation of their natural gifts, with that Spartan tfhivairy which is, in the day of tiia!, the bulwark of freedom, be the aim and charac teristics of youn-i Australia. I look forward to a, future, but not so remote as his Grace of Nazianzus has pictured. One hundred years iaen.ee I see a grt at people, united by the com and jealous of the cherished memories of the l»sbt, promoting every principle of moral ami material progress. Look at what the Bishops have done. Within eight years convents, school's., collages have arisen as if by the hands of some magician. Why not dwell on this? America Is hoc a century old. The Venerable Arch bishop who hears me, saw almost the infancy of fthia colouy. Look at the two continents to-day! See the wonderful growth of the Catholic a time when, true to revealed truth and to aatural science, we may, by divine guidance, do bete what the Catholic Church has ever ?done — hold up to the view of our nation and people, the double light of religion and science ? They have been twin lamps fed by the same Jiaud, and sheltered in the same sanctuary. I don't hope that the grani o'd Universities founded in Catholic times will be eclipsed by fthia institution. Yet I venture to hope that $he faith and hope— the love— the sacrifices of tb.i.9 diocese will be productive in its day and measure and contribute to the intellectual and feliyious training of the childresi of this glorious land, as Oxfotd and Cambridge did to she elevation 01 tne jurists, warriors, legislators 01 «ld Kugland. For t.he \priests who are visitors, for myself, and the Fellows of St. John's Col lege, abs'-nt and present, I thank your Lordship ?of' G-oulbura and the clergy of this diocese, Rev. W. Ktliy, in responding, related, in ?reference to the a'lusion to his sermon, that one preacher in Ireland who was short and concise in his diseourse-s had twitted a brother preacher on the extreme length of his sermons. To which the latter replied, admitting that the quality o3' the ?cloth might not be so good, but no one coald deny fcfoat he gave them good measure. (Great laugh ter.) America had been likened to a baby in loag clothes, ? but all must admit it was the largest baby io the world, and would take the prize at any baby-show. (Laughter.) In his opinion fche day of America's independence was the 17tli March, not the 4th of July (renewed laughter). On the 17th Mirch the garrison of Boston was surrendered to Washington ; so that the 4th of July might be said to be the day of talk and She pen, whilst the 17th March was the day of work and the sword. No man could be a tone patriot but he who adores God first, and tlmn putting aside all selfish ness devotes himself to the service of his country. In proof of the patriotism of JBaglisbfOiCholics he referred to the defeat of the Spaoish Armada which had been ably assisted by Admiral Howard, a Catholic nobleman in the T-.'Jgu of Elizabeth; and showed the decline of patriotism when Wiliam, Prince of Oraage, VPtt'.r- r.io itwuittti cirtlrl infc* n\ -ivr*\i n/1 nr\ TTv» .-v 1 i a Vv ?fauia juio xuiui^u ouiuicm, uimuucu \ju x^iiQuau ground, and declined to be a mere king-husband ©o- the Stuart's daughter and also refused to be ffegent. He thanked them for the kind recep tion he liad received (applause). Father Dunne returned thanks on behalf of the clisrgy of Goulburn. The Bishop of Maitland said that Dr. Lanigan ia the last few years bad done wonders, aided by such men as Father Dunne and the aoble young priests around them. He trusted the bishop rni^ht be spared for many years to labour araong-st them. Dr. Lankan briefly returned thanks and asked them to recognise the committee who had worked so hard in making the arrangement for the ceremony and luucheon. Mr. C. Gille3pie returned thanks, after which the company separated. The followiug is a description of the college »n.A its situation. The building is erected upou a piece of nsiug ground, being portion of h'tty acres of land, purchased from the Government some time ago. It lies we3t, at a distance of . about a mile from Goulburn, and commands a Tiaaguificent view of the surrounding country. it ia built of rubble, and has a very tine appear ?»uce. The design was taken from a similar Restitution iu Fiance. Its erection was placed ocder the superintendance of Mr. Stombuuo, amd that gentleman introduced several import ant improvements in the structure and its appointments. Mr. Duncan w»s the contractor, atad. the work has beeu faithfully carried out. rfhe centre of the buitdiug is in the form of a ftuisagoo, consisting of ground-floor and first ami second stories. One side of the hexagon 'forms 4fae front, having an imposing eutrauce, with a balcony above j on either side of this a, M'in^ ®Kfceads at right angles with the two adjoiniuy 3iaes of the figure ; while a corresponding wing *^iends rearward from another side, opposite to Mae front. The two front wings terminate each »tt a bay window ; adding thereoy to the beaut} ^the elevation, and giving additional space and j»fifofc io the interior. The entrance hall is 20 feet by 10 fe*t, with a staircase of polished cedar, 4 feet wide leading to the op| ersto/ies, and doors of the same material glea lirg into the wings. £n these wings are room*, 18 feet by 31 feet, to be used as cla s-rooms and refsctory ; while the one at the rear is intended for a chapel. The ground floor (main buildiug) contains the library and sitting-rooms, these rooms averaging about 12 r-y 12, with eorresorndins rooma above. The dormitories are large, lotty, and well venti lated. The ceilings of all the upstairs rooms are domed, and provided with ventilators. In the roof of the main building a large tank has been fixed, access to which is attainable by means of a small door at the top of the )and:ng. This tank is supplied with a pipe leading into the lavatory below. The lavatory itself is fitted with a washatand running round two sides, capable of ho ding twelve basins ; these can be iilled by means of taps from the pipe mentioned abovfc, aDd being supplied with plugs at the bottom of each the water can be let off into a trough below, and convened by means of a drain pipe to the exterior of the building. Arrangements havu been made by which access can be hai to fclr.e roof in case of necessity. The rojf is covered with slu-te, and the top of the centre building surmounted with an iron cross, gilt, to which is attached a lightning-conductor ; on the top ol the gables of the two f out win^s are similar crosses ; these are all wrought iron. The whole of the; interior work was done by Mr Home, of Gonlbinrn. The whole of the cedar work is very highly wrought and polished, and great care lias been taken in the selection of She work for the door. At the side of the baok wiag of the building is the kitcbun and the servants*' room, built' of brick, and placed at a convenient distance from the refec tory, bhe yard in front of the kitchen is sup plied with a large under-ground tank, 20 feet in diameter, with a depth 20 feet, capalle of hnlrlino ahrnifc ?il fl(\\(\ noil ?»«:* T1^ «.u;« .. £_„_„ — v»'***Fi m'vv*i/ t*JL,uyu KrtrJLX Xl.^. JLU UUIO e* 1UFUC' pump ia attached, aDd fixed close to the kitchen door. A cast-iron balustrade is to hu placed on the front of tha balcony, of a Go hie pattern. It is now ready, and Avas cast at the foundry of Mr. Byrne, on the Yass load. Taken as a whole, the building itself and all the arrange ments are first-claas, and leflect great credit on all have been concerned in its erection. 