Lucius Davoren ffi¥ rai Airmail ot 'hSSSS ouli9&tt;,*J ' aij dear old bay, one hardly expects Alcibiades beyond the Aliaories, 1 have been living at that diagy end of town until to come -westward is a new sensation. Wbfta I saw Trafalgar-s^Uare and the lighted wiadoria o£ yonder Club to night. I felt like Golumba^ when he sighted the coast of San Salvador. I had a leisure afternoon, and thought 1 couldn't spend it better than in looking you up. And now, Greofii for your Norwegian und Lapland ian experiences. You were looking uac-m- monly gloomy when 1 came in; as if your memories of the norch were not of ttie brig-ht- j «st: ; .- ? ' ' ' i . ' Aly northern memories are- pleasant : ?enough'' said the other, putting aside the ' question lightly, juat iu. that old familar way ? Lucius -knew so well, ' Come, Lucius,- plant : yourself there,' roiling ow another c-ip icious j chair,, the last device of some oatioio up hols- j terer for the propagation of slothful habits ; ' take one of those Haranahs, and light up.' 1 can nevei talk freely o a tntia till 1 can hardly set his face across the clouds of bis tobacco — a native modesty of disposition, 1 suppose ; or perhaps that disinclination to look my fellow man straight in the face which is accounted one of the murks of a villaoious character ! ' -jtoodish weed; isu't itp Di you remember ! British olumbia, Davoren, and the long days and nights when there was no tebacco ?' ' Dm 1 remember?' echosoV obe1 surtjeou, look mg at the fire. '? Am. I -ever likely to forget ? ' ' Of course not. The question was a mere faoou de parler. These are things thao no man can forget, for inscaaoe, how you saved my life? how through ali those wearisome nights and days when 1 was iyiiig rolled up in my buffalo skins raving like a lunatic, fancy ing myself in all sorts of places aud among all sorts of people, you were -at ouca doctor and sicknurse, guardian and provider?' 'Please,- don't talk d£ that time, Geoff. There arc some things better forgotten. 1 did i no more for you than I'd done for a stranger; : «rcept thatf my heart went with my service, and i . would have almost broken if you bad died.1 Our sufferings and our peril at that time seem to me too bitter even for remembrance. i can't endure to look back at them.' 'Strange.1' exclaimed Geoffrey ligltt.Sy ?'To me they afford an unfailing source of satisfaction ? i rarely order a dinner with out thinking of the days when my vital powers were sustained— -' sustaiued' is hardly the word, say rasher 'suspended' — by moirjdy peinmicaK. f seldom open a new base of cigars without remembering th^se doleful hours in which i smoked dried grass, flavoured vriih the last strappings of iiieotiiae from my meerschaum. It is che converse of what somer body says about a sorrow's croWn. of sorrow. The memory of pasb hardship sweetens the -comfort of the present. But 1 do shudder sometimes when I remember awakening from my delirium to (find you down with brainifever, and poor little rschanck sitting awe-stricken fey your side, like a man who had been balding converse with spirits. I don't mean schnapp.s. fcut something uccanny Thank God those Canadian emigrants -found us out soon after wards, .or He only kaowa how our story would have ended.' ?' Thank God !' echoed Lucius solemnly. ' I know nothiEg of my illness, can remember nothing till 1 found myself strapped lik.? a bundle upon a horses buck, riding through the snow. ' We in-M=ed you before y»u were quite right in your heal,' answered ,Geoffrey apjlogetic a31y. 'The Canadians wouldn't wait any longer. 1 1 was our only chance -of being put in the right track.'1 ' You did a wise tiring, Geoff. Lt iraa good for me to wake up far from that wretched log hut.' ' Gome now, afcer alL we hadsomeveryjolly times there,'5 «aid Geoffrey, with hie habit of making the feestofjlife ; ' sitting by the blazing pine logsjawing away like o'd boots. 1 1 was only when eur baccy ran out tuas existence became a burden. L pive you E:y honour that sometimes when civilised life begins to hang heavy, L look back to the -days when we ?crossed the Rooky Mountains with a regretful aigh. T almost envy that plucky little German eea captain, who left a3 a.s Victoria, and went oh ts San Francisco to dig for gold.' '? I verily believe, Geoff, you would have ?contrived to be cheerful in the Black Hole at Calcutta, or on the middle passage. Yon have a. limitless reserve fund of animal spirits.' ''There you're wrong. 1 belie^d as much myself till the other day- But L ;kave lately discovered a latent faculty hitherto uasus pectedeven by myself ; the capacity for being miserable.' ' You have sustained some family affliction, — oryett have tafeen to wearing boots?'' ' Neither. 1 wish you'd help yourself to some 'brandy and soda yonder,' interjected Mr. Koasa-»k, pointing to a side table on which thuse refreshments were provided, and ringing tliH bell clamorously; I'll order dinner before 1 unbosom myself. George,' to the enthuias tio waiter, who appeared in prompt answer to the noisy summons, ' the best you can do, for this gentleman and me, at seven sharp; aud don't come fidgeting in and out to lay the . -doth until fire minutes before you bring the «oup tureen. ? By the ? way, we'll begin with oysters and Montracaefc, and you can.give us a bottle of Feaem afterwards. No sparkling wine. We'll wind up with Chambertin, if you've a bottle in good condition. But don't bring it half -frozen out of the cellar, or mud dled by hasty thawing. - Exercise judgment, George ; you hare to deal with connoisseurs. Now,'(continaed this epicurean youth,, {flinging himself back into the depths of his chair, ' before I begin my egotistical prosing, let me hear what you've been doing all this time, my Lucius.'9 'That may be told in two words. Hard work.' ' Poor old Davoren !' 'Boi't take that simple statement as a ?complaint. it is work 1 like, i might have «et. up my Penates in what is called a genteel neighbourhood, and earned myciusfc a good deal and more easily than I caneUrn itypoder. But I wanted wide experience— a Complete init union —and I went where humanity is think «at. The result' has more than satisfied me. If ever 1 move we3tward.it will be to SaVile row.'- ;.'???. The sybarite contemplated his friead. admir ingly, yet with a etiffled yawn, as if the very contemplation of 60 much vital force were, fatigiui-g. '?Upon my word, I don't know that I wouldn't exchange my three-per-cents for your ambition, Lucius,' he said. ' To have some . thing to achieve, something to win — that is the keenest rapture of she human mind, that makes the chief delight of the chase. Upon my honour, I envy you. I seem to awake to -the conviction that it is a misfortune to be born ?with the proverbial silver 6poon in one's month. ' The 'man who begins life with a fortune *tarte ahead of the penniless straggler in the race -.- for '. fame,'- answered the surgeon. . 'There is plenty of scope for your ambition, Geoff, in spite of the three per cents ' ' What couia I do P' ' Try to make yourself famous.' ? , . ' Not possible ; unless I took to a pea-green eoafc, Hb- that rich yonng West Indian swell in the last generation, Fame ! bah! for Brown Jones, or Kobinsou to talk of making thenV selves famous is about as preposterous as it would be for HeunpsteadhiU to try and develop volcano. Men born to fame have a speoial brand upon their foreheads like the stamp of Veuve Clicquot's champagne corks. 1 think I see it in the sfnxious lines that mark 'yours, Lucius.' ? . . ' J here is the senate,' eaid Davoren ; 'the natural aitnof an Englishman's ambition.' 'What! truckle to rural shopkeepers for the privilege of wasting the unmmor evenings aud the spriDg wdes in a stuffy manufactory of twai'lle Pas sibete!1' 'After all,' returned Lucius with a faint sigh, 'y:-u have something bettor than ambition, which is only life in the future— mtct''f«ush Warship, perhaps — or adoration of n shadow which may never become a sub 6tan'je. You have youth, and the power to eujoy all youth's pleasures ; that is to eay, life in the piesent.'' 'sfo i thought till very lately,' said Geoffrey witl\ another sign ; ' but ihere is a new flavour of bittei-rioss in tb.e prime of life.- Lucius, 1 am g.jiug to :i ^t yoa a serious question. Do yon believe in i«ve at first sight.?' A sturrliug question ? at any rite, for it brought the blood into the surgeon's toil-wora 'face' Happily they wore still sitting in the firelight, which just now waxed dim. '? Ab.iuc as much as I believe in ghosts ,or spirit-rappieKj,' he answered coldly. ' SVhioli means that you've never seen a ghost or 4iad a message from spirit-land,* auswered Geoffrey. ' Six months ago I should Imve called any one an ass who could love a woman of whom he knew ao more than her I face was lovely and her voice divine. But as somebody — a baker's daughter, wasn't she P — observed, ' We knjw what we are, but we know not what we in*y be.' ' ' Yon have fallen in love, Geoff?' « Descended into abysmal depths of folly, a million fathoms below the soundiugs of common sense. There's nothing romantic in the business either, which of course makes it worse, it's only foolish. 1 didn't svve the ady's life, by stopping a .pair of horses that were galloping to perdition with her ; or by swimming out a mile or so to snatch her from the devonrinjj jaws of an ebb tide. 1 have no excuse for my madness. The lady is a concert singer, and 1 first eaw her while dancing attendance upon some country cousins who were staying in towu the other day, and led me like a victim to musicul morning and evening recitals, and «o on. You know that- 1 have not a. pussiouate love of music.' '1 know that you had a very moderate appreciation of my violin.' - 'All the tunes «ounded so much alike. Waut-if taste on my part,, of course. _ How ever, my cousins— Arabella and Jessie, nice girls, but domineering — insisted that I sboulf. go to concerts, 60 1 went. They both plug and play, and waitcei to improve tneir style, t,h«y said; selfishly igtjofiug the fact that 1 had no style to improve, and allowing me to pay for ali the tickets. '-ne morning — splendid weather for snowballing; 1 wished myself young again and at Winchester, as I looked at the streets— we went to a recital, wtaicb took place in a dreary-looking house near Man chester-square, fey the tina permission on sue tenant. i'ne concert people might as well have borrowed a roomy family vault. It would have been «wite as cheerful. Well we surrendered our 'tickets— parallelograms of sky-blue pasteboard, and uncommonly dear at half-a-guinea— to . a shabby footman, whe ushered us up-stairs over a threadbare stair carpet to a faded drawing-room, where we found some elderly ladies of the dowdy order, and a miscellaneous collection of antique gen tle aen in well-wern coats of exploded cut. These 1 took to represent tbe musical nobility. *t was not a cheerful concert, first came a quartette, in. ever so many parts, like a, dull bermon-; a-qunrtefcte for a piano,, violoncello, and iwo fiddles, with firstly, and secondly, and thirdly. Every now and then, when the violoncello gave .forth rather deeper groane than Hsual, or one of the fiddles prolousjed a wire-drawn note, the musical nobility gave a little sasp, and looked .at one another, and one of the old gentlemen tapped the lid' of his nnuff-box. After the quartette, we bad a piano forte Bo\o—u-,inj- unenlightened miod an arid waste of tuneless chorda, and little meandering runs to nowhere in particular, a little less interesting than a problem in Euclid. 1 prefer my cousin Arabella's hearty thumping, and frantic rushes up and down the keyboard, to this milk and-water style, which is, i under stand, classical. Number three waa a vocal duet by rtaudel, which I won't describe, as it ; lulled me into a ^placid slumber. When 1 reopened my eyea, there was a gentle murmur of admiration floating in tbe atmosphere ; and 1 beheld a lady dressed in blaok, with a sheet , of music in ber hand, waiting for the end of ( the symphony.' ; ' The lady, I suppose,' said Lucius, duly interested. ; : ' The lady. 1 won't attempt to describe her ; : for after all wlut can one s:iy of the loveliest woman .except that she uas a straight nose, . fine eyes, a good complexion ? And yet these '. constitute so small a part of fcjeauty. One may see them' in tbe sweet everyday. This one stood there like a. statuo in the cold wintry j light, and seemed to me the most perfect being' 1 had ever beheld. ?3he. appeared divinely j unconscious of her beauty, as unconscious as Aphrodite must have been in that wild free world of newborn Greece, though all creation worshipped her. She didn't look about her with a complacent, smile, -jh;-llenging admir ation. Her dark-fringed eyelid drooped over the violet-gray eyes, as she looked downward at the music, tier dress was Quaker-like, a linen collar round the full firm throat, tbe perfect arm defined by the plain black sleeve. Art had done nothing to enhance or to detract from her beauty. She eang 'Auld Kobin Gray' in a. voice that went to myinmost.heart. The musical nobility sniffed aud murmured rapturously. The old geatleman rapped his-, snuff-box aud said Bwava ! and the sorig was re-demanded. She curtsied and began some thing about u blue bodice and JLubin, and in this tbere .were bird-like trilU: and a prolonged shake, clear and strong as the carol of a sky lark. J-iucius, 1 was sueli a demented ass at that moment, thai if the' restraints of civilisa tion hadn't been uuciiinmonly strong upon me, 1 should have wept like a. schoolboy before a caning.' ' ? ' ? ' ' ? ' ? ' . 'Something in the timbre of the voice,', said Lucius, ' simpatica.' ' Sim-anybody you like ; it knocked me over as if I'd been a skittle.' ' Have you seen her since ?' i 'Have 1 seen her ! 1 have follow her from concert-'-oom to concert-room, uutilmy sensor iutn— that's the word, isn't it?— aches from the amount of classical music that' has been inflicted upon it — tbe x minors and z majors, and so forth. Sometimes Lhnnted her down in some other aristocratic drawing-room, by the kind permission, &c-; ; sometimes 1 found her at the Hanover-square Kooms. Mitchell has a standing order to send me a tricket for every concert at which she sings. It's deuced hard work. I'm due this time to-morrow at St. George's Hall, Liverpool,' 'But, my dear old Geoff, can. anything be more foolish?' expostulated Lucius, forgetful of that rnatr old gate in the - hadrack-road to which pureBt pity hod so often led him. 