: . A MODERN MAGICIAN. A Manchester paper thus describes some novel effects by which Mr. Heller and his sister,'1' Miss Haidee Heller, appear to have considerably . astonished the inhabitants of the cotton metror ; polis. The latter portion of the entertainment is taken up with the sketches respectively en- 1 titled; . "Scepticism" and '' A Dark Seance,' in which Mr. Heller has the assistance of his , clever sister, whose marvellous second sight has,-; been the talk of the town for the past three - months. In the first-named sketch Miss Heller ; pesonates a lady who is a firm believer in spiritualism, and who is reduced to a state of trance. In this condition she correctly calls out the names that various members of the audience have written on slips of paper, rolled up and deposited in a hat, from which they are taken one by one, as Miss Heller mentions the ; inscription each contains. .Not only this, but one of these names is also shown traced in blood-red oharacters upon her arm, although it appears perfectly clear that she could have no foreknowledge of what was intended to be written. In the other sketch, the phenomena originally associated with Davenport Brothers . are produced in a most amusing fashion by Mr. and Miss Heller. The latter has her hands boundtl by the audience with most formidable knots, and she then retires into a large cabinet, fur nished with curtains. When these are drawn several pairs of hands are seen to protrude, and odd sounds are heard. The curtains are drawn apart and Miss Heller appears bound as before. One of the spectators now ties up the mouth of a large sack with a piece of cord, and', this is placed in the cabinet, and. the curtains again conceal the 'interior of the structure. A moment nfterwards Miss Heller is discovered enveloped in the sack, the mouth of which is as before closely tied. The curtains being again drawn it : is- found that Miss Heller has divested herself of the nautical garments which she wore on entering the cabinet, though she still continues a prisoner in the sack. Finally she disappears altogether in the most inexplicable manner. Mr. Holler describes the first part of his enter- tainment ' Wonders,' and the latter part ' Mys- tery,' but we are at a loss to make such a dis tinction, as each so completely embodies both these characteristics.' (PrussiA and Rome. — We (St. James' Chro» . nicle ) think.it must .be evident that at tho root ;of the resistance, to the Falk Laws, and at tho ^ , root therefore of the war of Church , and State Li ,, in Germany, there lio political, motives miiinly, if, not, solely. Tho .antagonism between Ger / many mid tho Papaoy is the natural: und indeed necessary result .of contact' between the two systems -that are essentially irreconcilable. The Papnoy, under i.tllo ferm! it . has at length ns aumetl-of' an nbsolute moriarcliyycnnnot'coexist jvith constitutionfllisrri arid abstain' from' colli siou. with it. Germany . is - now, under, favour able circumstances, effecting tlie transition from the . absolutist: to the: constitutional ? form 0f government, while the Roman Calholic Church on tho other lmnd is passing from tlie limited monarchy, whioli may be'snid to have been tlio' form of its government siiibe the Council of Trent, to thut of- a pure despotism. Collision between Ohurcli and Stale ure therefore inovit able; nor will they cousp until tlio, Vatican cither becomes convinced of the' hopelessness of any restoration of- the f einpornl powei-, or is tiiught to acquiesce in its deiiverurico from re sponsibility for tho' riioSfc ; Wretched form of .government the world bus over seori.: Clerical Intimidation in Ireland.— -The I Spectator , Inquires,- ^ What is, ; and must-be tlio I consequence of disfranehising Catliolio clergy- I for. preaching-: politics.? Just this, -..that, their I flocks, who are more than . half, inclined to I mutiny— as .witness the; number, of- Catholios I vrho voted. for Mr. Joyce— and-to toil thepriests, as tlie /Feniuus. do; that their place is tlio Church, and not tlie hustings, feel mutiny dis- I creditable, and fallback into rank' from a sense, I not of religious-faith, but of religious': honour. Tliut has. been the history- of Ireland from tho first, and is.llio result which attends anywhere : any attempt ospeoiiilly to discredit thoiRbman Catliolio priesthood. As long uB the priests are . let uione, . the electors, : whether , ns- in -Italy, an educated/ minority,: or as- in .Franco, a- mass of peasants, pusii, them. aside,1 not without rough noss ; but the moment-- tliey. - are ripeoialised, ? J marked out,- however slightly, 'for State hostility, | their flocks. suddenly rally to their sides, and, | as in Germany, a body of - indiflbreritist mem bers nro replaced by a body of active Ultramou taiies. The Stato, in fact,- produces the very result it dreiids, and tho ' Calholie ' seat'pusses at once into possession of ah TJitrarnoritane. The , Dodoe' of. an. 'English J.P.— Very curious' stories uro told of, the doings of some Australian magistrates iu the 'days of old, to escape payment of wages to. their . hired sor vants — such, as ordering- them to do spinething that thoy .would be certain to refuse, /..and then bringing the unlucky; servants, before .Benches, who generally mulcted thenvof- all. -their earn ings ; or writiug orders iu. pencil .on tissuo paper, whioli were: either destroyed, in the greasy pocket of tho . bullock ? driver,, or tlio writing obliterated. In the present'day, how ever, this state of things does not exist; but in England; it seems from the following, (whioli is extracted -from the Examiner of Juno 6) there is a fair representative of the class of employers to , whom we have referred. ?? The journal above named says :— ' The Great Unpaid of England are, as, we all know, the next tiling, to omnipo tent.- So long as tlie Lord Chanotllor will let tlioin aloue they can liavo it;very mrioh' their own : way with Her- '-Majesty's /subjects j but ? --there '? -are certain'' limits /to, their authority, as Mr. Williams, J.'P., .litis ? recently : 'discovered. ?? It appears1 that' Mr.' Williams hud hired a'groom and general' servant— to do all '. tlie work of nil' agricultural 1 s'ofvarit;' to look after two horses, feed1 the pigs, . fetch the/ cows, do the hedging, attend to' tho sheep, drive to ? Pembroke,' attend to tho garden, 'arid' 'do any thing elso-that was required to be ' doiie— at a ?yearly wugo of£9, or slightly 'over three shil lings und fivope'nee halfpenny'n (week,1: with his boardfe; 'The 'sofvaiit1 stood1 tljis'as' lorig'ns he could, -aiid 'thort' gave' his' master a1 month's '-.warning. ? At tlie ? end of the- moiitli he was ready,, to go, and demandod thriwages duo to him for the eighteen or - niri'e'teeri weeks which ho .had spent in his -very -unlucky situaliou. 'These wagesiMr. Williams declined to pay ; and lie'sent the lud packing withamagisterialadmoni :? tion. 1 .'After some delay the servant took out a summons against his late master in ' the Haver . ford west County Court. The oAbb camo 'oii for liearingfin. due course;1 ;when the Judge dis covered thut Mr. Williams had completely taken the .wind out of his sails, by a most ingenious little arrangement of his own. ? Between tlio issue of the summons and the day appointed for tho hearing; our justice of' the. peace had called in the aid of his -brother 1 magistrates at Pom broko, accusing tliBdud-of a'-breaoh'of' contraot, and - their worships htid fined tlio1 delinquent £1 . \vith l2s. 8d. ooBts, and ordorod bim to return to his-'work. ... Wliereupon the stipendiary ob served that - Mr.: Williams' conduct was ' out rageous and1 unfair,' and' expressed an intention to bring; the- matter - under tbo notice of tho /Lord Oliarieollor:-' Tho result was' that tlie case was adjourned; in order tliut ? an1 arrarigoment ' might' boiconio to; ? If Mr» Williams- is' Wise, he : will not give tile-Judge or-'the Lord Chancellor any further trouble, and he will even go ' ri stop further,' and lay to1 heart 'that'ifchere !is; 'after all, a 'law- for- tlie poor; whari- they-' aro'luoky -?enough to got it-set iii motibn.'/ J.Af Josh Billinos on'0-hO8T8.-^-A gbiostiz about .5 foot 7 iiiehes iri liigh't, arid ( weighs fro'm.4 to 6 ounces:- (Thoy are', oyj;| the'',.1riiaskulirie and feminine natur, but (priricipaliy.(jiutrir,('. They ain't afraid oyribthirig, rind will harig around a graveyard 'as k'uroless ris a' Bkoolboy' will around u noroliard in groeu uuolo time. Tliev are liko a grate rnoany other -things in thii;worId— often ,.lieard,.ov, but soidom /seen. -I, will .giv.; 1,500 .dollars, to, see a, gliqst, and 250 dollars more to own ono ; but j want one kaught whole .and not hurt. ,.;Mi friend Phineas T. Barnuin will lake a (whole , drove, of. thorn, at the same prioe per .'gh'oBt, , aud , riot quarrell . about the gender. , , Therefore, bring your ghosts. . Ghosts allwuss dress iii (a wite . nitegown sort of a rig, aud uro . the quiokeBt tilings that hav evor been trotted \- out yet-. 'Their., ordinary gait iz .a mile iu a (seckund, but it iz sed for a purse they can beat tliis liaudy. I would really, like to see ono goiu piiblik for mutiny— private timo is allwuss .suspishus, Whi don't some. of our agricultural hots-trot aBsosiushuris offer a ghost :pussf free for. all gliOBts.; It would draw. like a mustard ; plaster, in the month of August. So it would. ... ? Danoeuods.— If- union wore to set out calling everything by . its right name, ho would he . knookoil. down before he got to the corner of the Dtroet./:; i' : .!! ? - / The diggings are situated on a largo sandy ~ oroek that falls inte tho rivor about 20 miles above this township— unci its tribul.nrieB. Tho ' commencement of tho diggings is at Duff's Camp; about 2S miles from tho Upper Commis sioner's Camp, 50 miles from this Lower Camp, and probably 30 miles aboro whore Sandy Creek junctions with tho river. The prolific tribu taries have been, and still are, Oukey Creek, ®reek- 'id Jossop's. Mr. Collinson, a digger from tho rush, who has just loft mo (and who, by-the-bye, has a ravine all to himself and mates, on the quiet, with which he is well satisfied), states that when ho visitod Oakey Creek, two or three weeks ago, it was taken up for ten miles, and that for seven miles not ton feet of ground could bo got. Then there are M'Leod's Creek and others, and a number of ravines. Had the mail remained until tho Upper Camp mail came down I would have furnished a list of individual finds, some of which would be rather sensational j but as I have not all I ?want at present, this must stand over till next Week. After all the abuse that has been ex pended on the Palmor, it is only right that it should stand on its merits as a goldfield. Mr. Pettigrew, M.Ij,A., and such men as Mr. Petti grew, whose reckless ignorance has made them notorious, ^ must be given to understand that it is tho unfortunate position of the Palmer that has been the cause of nearly all ; the calamities with which tho name of the . goldfield has been associated since the time of the first rush ; and more are looming in the . distance. Although the diggers, in a host of cases, suffered terrible privations last wot season from want of provisions, it was on tho road that tho most terrible sufferings were expe riencod ; and tho men who rushed tho steamer at Cooktown, and who rocoivod aid to lpnvo for the South, wore not men who had been to the diggings as a rule, hut-men who could not get , there, and had exhausted their means in Cook town. The oharaoteristics of all the country consti tuting the new rush are about the same. There is no sinking ; the pick, shovel, dish, and cradlo, doing all the work. It appears, how ever, that in Oakey Creek the gold extends far into the bank in many places which have been tried. In a former report I mentioned that tho ? original prospectors, Messrs. Mulligan and party, had been prospecting on the Mitchell Falls, and that if they had not ut that time beon re warded with success, they at any rate bad no doubt of eventually opening a gold field in that direction. I know of one party getting ' good gold' — to use tho common phrase — on the Mitchell watershed at the pre sent moment, and there may be several others. The belief of a great many of the more intelli gent of the miners with whom I have conversed is, that the present rush will carry those who follow it right on to the Tate before it ends ; and the impression on all sides appears to he that the future permnnent emporium for these widely spread gold fields will bo Bomewhero about the head of the Mitchell. From the manner in which parties of men have lately gone great distances ahead of all others, and opened fresh payable ground, there can be no doubt of the permanency of this gold field or series of gold fields ; and as it _ appears that carriers are already going a-begging for freight to the Palmer at Cooktown, and the diggiugs must necessarily be wofully short of provisions during the many miserable months constituting the wet season, it would, it is the universal opinion here, pay a capitalist to despatch tea or twelve waggon loads of goods to somewhere in the direction indicated before the wet season commences — and there iB no time to be loBt. It Bays something for the group of reefs in the neighbourhood of Gregor's Gully, that not withstanding the excitement consequent on the : alluvial finds, not a single prospecting claim, as far as I can learn, has been abandoned. There is nothing fresh to report in this department of mining. Of course prospecting for reefs under present circumstances is a dead letter, but con fidence in the permanency and payability of the reefs of the district has increased with evory day's wot king, and it only requires the desideva turn, ' machinery,' to prove that the scores of experienced miners who are working those already opened have not erred in judgment. The Chinese are coming in in considerable ' numbers, principally from the Etheridge and Charters Towers direction ; but the grand armee is still on tho road hither. They have invariably lost no time, after arrival, in going to work on the beaches of the river, where they can do well for all time, bb long as the river keeps fnr enough back. ' Humping dirt,' whether on the bamboo or the shoulder, is more congenial to a China man than a European, notwithstanding the superiority of the latter in everything but perse verance; and in working thosol oaohes t he dirt had frequently to be carried on the back for 100 or 200 yards — and then without a very heavy re = turn at the end of the week : say on the aver age i oz. per week. The Chinese, too, are 1 occupying the Left-hand Branch, and should the progress oi gold discovery continue un checked in the direction it is now going, the Chinese will, before many months are over, have undisturbed possession of tho whole of ? ? whatnot long ago was the Palmer goldfield. In anticipation of the coming event, Wing On and Co. have erected a large store-— the largest in Palmerville— with a Chinese hotel next door, and Chinese merchants may be seen ooming in every day, no doubt with a view of establish ment. At present there are about 200 Chinese on the field. The Macalister Ministry appears to he one of promise rather than performance. It started by promising telegraphio extension to evory goldfield, and the Palmer wbb to be forthwith connected with the general telegraphio system. Not even the survey of the track has yet beon made, and unless the most prompt and enor getio steps are taken, can the line be possibly brought on to Palmerville before the'eetting in of the wet senson P If the work enn bo accom plished^ with ttie orthodox clearing for the wire before the wet season so much the bettor ; but the prospect is cloudy, and it may be well per-, baps for those in power, unless they are deter mined to push the line on to Palmerville before. November, to Beriously regard the memoriol recently sent to the head of the de partment asking that a wire bo sus pended oh trees betwoen Junction Creek and Palmerville, until the permnnent oourse is defined. It was the accidental pre sence of a telegraph station that made tho Etheridge a great reefing district, with its half a score machines, in the course of a very fow months ; and the Government will see, not only if they wish to soo the resources of the colony developed, but for other reasons, they must accomplish either the proper line or the minor one before November next. With regard to a possible rush to theso gold fields — and peoplo will do wonders to reach a place wore gold is getting — it may bo remarked that every rush to the North, whether to' tho . Gilbert, Bavenswood, Charters Towers, the Etheridge, and latterly the Palmer— hovo been denounocd as mere Queensland swindles by a great number of those who have visited theso goldfietds with the rnsli and gone back again headlong. Without reference to other rusheB, I may sum up a few tilings with regard to thiB. There is already a large population hero of about 3,000, and 1 6 w absolutely essential that every digger should have one or two good horses, and the means to fit him out with everything he \- requires for a couple of months or so at a time. Everything is necessarily dear, and a sort of semi-starvation, under tho best of circumstances \- - may be calculated upon at intervals. Men hove no business to come to this rush uuIobs pro vided with good horsos, rations for two or throe . . months, philosophy enough to stand disappoint ment, and sufficient courage to prospeot on their own acoount. Several teams from Cooktown arrived to day. ' ' Current ratos at present hero are — Elour, Is. per lb., £10 per bag ; ten, 4s. ; sugar, Is. 6d. j rico, Is. Gd. ; preserved potatoes, 2s. 6d. ; do. apples, 2s. 6d. At the Rush. — Flour, 2s. 2d. per lb. j sugar, 3s. ; tea, 6s, ; bluchor boots, 35s. to £2. Theso prices change as the loading comes in, or in the scarcity of the article. 