GENERAL NEWS. " It is not surprising," remarks the Wallaroo Times, " that among Cornish miners on "Yorke's Peninsula a belief in the divining-rod should exist, and especially when well-informed captains and-managers of mines say they are not disposed to deny the possibility of the existence of such a faculty, and some of them as well as ordinary miners profess to he endowed with it. There are three or four men employed on the Devon Consols Mine, near Kadina, who are (as the Cornish language phrases it) dowsers, and; there is one on the Kurilla, in both of which properties valuable lodes have recently been found. We do not positively assert that the divining-rod had any thing to do with these discoveries, but there is a strong belief in the power of this means discovering metallic riches. One 1 dowser' informed Capt. Anthony that a valuable lode of copper would not be found at a certain Bpot but at another indicated. On sinking at the place first selected, contrary to expectation, a fine lode of copper was divulged. The dowser was not right, nor yet altogether wrong. Capt. Anthony, for all this, does not dispute the efficacy of the divining-rod, which, however, will not dip in his hands, but he sayB he knows many in whose hands the rod will twist and bend, let the grasp or resistance be ever so strong. Capt. Northey says the same, and has the advantage of being able to say that in his hands the rod acts despite his re sistance. The local dowsers used a rod formed of what is called the native currant, from the sap of the newly-cut wood smelling like that fruit. "When prepared, the rod consists simply of a j short main stem, whence spring two lateral branches equally flexible, so that when the prongs of the forked rod are grasped tightly in the bands and the stem held from the body, the dipping to the ground or rising to wards the breast of the operator may be regular and even, and not to one side. On Monday we saw such a rod ia the hands of Captain Anthony motionless, but that held by Captain Nor they moved up towards his breast apparently quite independeut of his will." Referring to the Ballarat Art Union swindle the Melbourne Telegraph says " It will be consolatory to the promoters of the Ballarat lotteries to reflect that whatever punishment there may be in store for them, they will escape easily in comparison with their lot in other days. In ancient Egypt every man convicted as a gamester was sent to work in the quar ries. In Greece lotterymongers were classified with ' thieves and plunderers,' but Demosthenes declares in one of his orations that Philip of Macedon en couraged gambling in Athens, well know ing that the practice weakened and corrupted the State. In Home, at one time, gambling was made a criminal offence, but at last the whole population became sodden with the vice, and this was one of the causes which induced Constantine to leave the city never to re turn. In early France the penalty of gambling was death. Coming to modern times at a leap, it will be found that nearly all Europe has put down public gaming, and in England the feeling is so strong that, in 1870, the ordinary Christ mas ' goose clubs' were prohibited, and the savoury carcase of the festive bird is no longer the. subject of a raffle. In Persia a gaming establishment is called a ' carrion house,' in England a ' hell,' and at Ballarat a' Mechanic's Institute.' " A daring attempt to rob the Bank of Victoria at Epsom is reported by the Bendigo Evening News of the 14th inst " The burglar, or burglars rather, for it is feelieved there were more than one, got over the corrugated iron fence at the rear of the bank, and having poisoned the watchdog in the yard, proceeded deliber ately to force their way into a private sittingroom. They bored holes, evidently with a brace bit, but this did not succeed, as there was an iron lining at the back. Tkey-broke a pane of glass in the door, and wrenched off the lock. They then proceeded to force open two other doors, and had eventually got into the bank, when Mr. Simpson, hearing a noise, got up, and the burglar or burglars de camped, bolting the back way, without taking anything with them. Mr. Simpson saw the appearance of some person rushing off in the dark, and he fired the contents of a gun after him. The robbery, though frustrated, was evidently well planned. The outrage was committed between 4 and 5 o'clock a.m." This is the third attempt made to rob this bank. The Walhalla Chronicle makes the fol lowing boast:-" Walhalla, with a dozen public-houses, five friendly societies, two. chapels, and a church of England, inde pendent of two large halls, and the richest mines in the whole of Australia, cannot boast of a solitary resident lawyer." " Mr. Bray, of Geelong, the winner of the second prize gold vase in the late ' Ballarat art-union, has decided," says the Ballarat Star, " to accept £600 in lieu of the vase, and that amount was accord ingly handed over to him." The two principal prizes, therefore, remain in the hands of the committee. At tHe Sale General Sessions on Mon day, before his Honor Judge Bindon (we learn from the Gippx Land Times), a man was tried for biting off another's ear. The prisoner was named Mark Houghton, who pleaded " not guilty " to an indict ment ; charging . him with assaulting Dngald M'Gowan, at Bosedale, on the 27th -. June last, and inflicting on him grievous bodily harm. The Crown prose cutor, in opening the case, told the jury if they were not satisfied that biting a man's ear off was doing. grievous bodily harm, it was open to them to convict the prisoner for common assault. It ap peared from the evidence, that after, a di'inking bout there had been a scuffle between the two men, in the course of which, it was alleged, that the prisoner bit off'his opponent's ear. Mr. Eullerton, for the defence, contended that there was no evidence to show that the prosecutor's ear was bitten off on the night in ques tion, and argued that it might hare been done a considerable time previously. The most remarkable part of the whole affair was that the part of the ear said to have been bitten off could not be found, and he put it to the jury that that fact strongly supported the supposition that it had been lost some time before. The jury found a verdict of guilty of common assault, and the prisoner was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. Twenty-eight trunks of boots and shoes, valued at £740, seized from Messrs. Bodggood and Sundercombe, boot im porters, Melbourne, for evasion of Customs duties, have been forfeited to the Crown. The goods were imported by Messrs. | Callaglian & Co , of Melbourne, and sold to Messrs. Bodggood and Sundercombe on the representation that the duties had been paid. Messrs. Callaglian and Co., have paid a fine of £100. A heavy thunderstorm, accompanied by .torrents of rain, broke over Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon. In Swanston-street and Elizabeth-street the channels over flowed and the water found its way into shops and warehouses, doing considerable damage. Several of the wooden culverts were carried. away, and a boy, who was foolish enough to venture to cross the street nearly lost his life, but fortunately was rescued by a passer-by. A cab essay ing to reach Bourke-street from Elizabeth street narrowly escaped a capsize, whilst a man in endeavouring to walk across the foot-bridge at the Beehive corner, lost his footing and was only saved from being washed away by clinging to a verandah post. A man whose name is unknown, and who it is believed is a lunatic escaped from the Yarra Bend Asylum, has been fright ening women and children at Hawthorn Victoria, and the neighbourhood by going about enveloped in a sheet and a personat ting a ghost. One young girl named Brook field, a servant, was so frightened by his antics and appearance that she had a succession of fits and had to be sent home. The man has since then, it is said, been found,drowned in a waterhole, at Boroon* dara. The fraudulent circumstances connected with the Ballarat Art Union (so called) is to be brought before the Victorian Assem bly, and the propriety of action being taken against the magistrates, including the two mayors ol Ballarat, who have given their personal countenance to the scandal, is to be urged upon the Government. The second reading of the Payment of Members' Bill was carried in the Victorian Assembly by 36 to 26 votes. At the Melbourne Criminal Sessions on Wednesday an elderly man named Alex ander Stein was found guilty (with a re commendation to mercy) of abducting from her parents' house in Prahran a girl under sixteen years of age, named Ann Jane Manly. He was remanded for sentence. On Sanday morning week a daughter of Mr. O'Regan, Soldiers' Hill, Ballarat, fell over a kettle of boiling water and was so, severely scalded that she died on Monday. Matters in connection with Hannan, the part winner of the Ballarat Art Union Gold Cup, and Mary Mulcahe}', are becom ing (says the Star) more " mixed " and romantic than ever, and there is a proba bility of the affair coming before the law courts in the shape of a breach of promise case. On Tuesday, a person, whose name is withheld for the present, called upon Mr. Forster, at the George hotel, and stated that having seen the account of the affair in the papers, he was desirous of adding his testimony to the fact of Hannan being v. ell acquainted with Mary Mulcahey. He also said that he knew both Williams and Hannan well, and that he had been told by a relative .of Williams that; Hannan, about five weeks since, drew some money from bis employer, Williams', for the purpose of being married to a young woman. Whether he is married or not is another question, but Mr. Forster's in formant stated he had no doubt the event came off- and that was his principal motive for denying all knowledge of Mary Mulcahey in the first instance, fearing that he would be called to account for his fickleness and inconstancy towards Mary Mulcahey, to whom it is stated, he was engaged. It is also alleged that Williams was well acquainted with the relations between Ilannan and Mary Mulcahey, and that they were all known to each other some years ago at Learmonth, where Henry Williams, brother of Hannan's employer and partner, kept a public-house. . The Rev. Father Mounier, of St. Pa trick's Church New South Wales has died from diphtheria after only two days' ill ness. The Tastnanian Legislative Oouneil has rejected the bill providing for the cost of -a building to receive the inmates from Port Arthur, thus virtually upsetting the break ing up of that establishment. A youth of sixteen has been sentenced to death at Hobart Town for a rape on a woman of seventy-three. Messrs. White, Mills, & Co., of Laun ceston have failed. They have direct liabilities of from £12,000 to £13,000, and contingent liabilities of from £25,000 to £30,000. Their only available assets are about £3,000. The firm is indebted to Messrs. Peters, Barnard, & Co., to the amount of £34,000 for accommodation bills. Mr. Pay body of the same town has suspended payment. At the Episcopalian Church Assembly in Melbourne, on Tuesday, the Dean of Melbourne, who presided, said it is unlikely the Bishop will return to the diocese. He reported a decrease in the number of clergy, but an increase in the number of lay readers. In the diocese there are at present time 42 consecrated Churches and 196 unconsecrated, which, with other buildings, make up a total of 403 places of worship. It is said that aj new journal, to be entitled the "Australian Family Magazine and Educational Journal," will be issued on the 10th of next month, in Melbourne. An inquest was held at Lobcthal on Tuesday week on the remains of a Ger man named Schultz, who died in May last, at the age of 84. He died suddenly, and since his demise a rumour has been cur rent that his death was the result of poi soning. No evidence was adduced which criminated the old man's daughter, and the Jury returned a verdict that the de> ceased died a natural death. Charles Long, who pleaded guilty to stealing certain moneys, the property of his master, Mr. N. Oldham, was sentenced on Tuesday last to two years' imprison ment with bard labor. Richard Ives, jun., a youth charged with maliciously setting fire to a house at Two Wells, the property of Geo.. West on July 29, 1874, was acquitted at the Criminol sessions in Adelaide on the 15th inst. LOVE OF Cotjntry.-A Western stump orator, in the course of one of his speeches, remarked--" Gentleman, if the Par-sy-fix Ocean wor an inkstand, and theliull clouded canopy of heaveitand the level ground of our yearth wor a sheet of paper, I couldn't begin to write my loye of country onto it." STANDING ABMIES.-Some one was re marking to Lord Palmerston that we needed no standing army, because, if we were invaded, the people would rise as one man. He made an answer, " Yes, and they would all be knocked down as one man." CAUGHT HIS FOOT.-A little boy in a Danbary family caught bis foot in some worsted with which his sister was working ihe sentence,God is Love," in perforated ca.dboard, and got a crack on the ear that will lay him up for a fortnight-if it does not injure him for life." SOICIDES IN PABIS.-The Paris corres pondent of the Adelaide Advertiser, writing in July says :-" The suicides are again on the increase, and present the evidences of an increasing sang froid on the part of the unfortunates. A husband throws his wife into the river, and invites the passers-by to. come and see her drowning; the killing of infants either by exposure or strangulation, is becoming unpleasantly prominent. It was generally believed we had done with these faiseusesdes Avgts. Very lament able, a student aged 14 has hanged him self, and without any assignable cause. The College authorities have increased their number of moral lectures and visiting clergymen since the outbreak of suicide among the students >in the early part of the year. French Lyceums do not sufficient ly encourage manly sports among boys; they force them to study classics as gar deners raise melons and pumpkins. The drollest suicide is that of a bride on the last day of her honeymoon; incompa tible as were their characters the newly married couple loved each other tenderly, and the letter left by the young wife for her husband confessed-11 love you, but cannot bear to live with you; so I die for you." Her body was found, life having been destroyed by charcoal fumes, and a note explaining that she died en chemise, the weather being so hot; on her heart was found the photograph of her husband and a pack of cards, which occupied her last moments divining her fate in the other world. Bodies are so constantly fished up out of the canals that the journals no long er relate-tbe events." "DIDN'T KNOW HIS PLACE, AND THERE HE IS."-Saturday a policeman in the western part of Detroit heard that a citizen of Twelfth-street had been badly injured, and he called at the house to ob tain particulars. He found the man lying upon the lounge, his head bound up, and his face badly scratched, and he asked, " What's the matter; did he get run over, or fall down stairs?'' "No, not exactly," replied his wife, " but he wanted to run the house his way, and I wanted to run it my way, and there he is." 