DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRf AGE. rCABEE BEBPATOn.l ' Sf. PBTEBSDunan; January 23.— Tho mar riage ceromony of the Duko of Edinburgh and tho Prinooss Maria commenced at noon to-day, in tho presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palnoe and the various galleriea. -Tho ladies wero' sumptuously attired, the pre vailing costumes, parlictflrfrlj of Russian ladies-, . woro velvet and diamonds. The' men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatists. After assembling, 'a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Cham- ' berlains, and other officerB of the Court leading, then cam'o the Emperor and.Emprosa Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princes im perial of Germany and Tjtmniark, and Princo Arthur. Then came tjlo bride autfivMsgroom, who wore tho Russian naval uniform, 'i'h'o brido was splendidly apparelled in a long cWm son velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she woro a^diqmond coronot. Her train was borno by four pages. Then follow ect nn immense . procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Im perial Russian Princo woro tlii- uniform of Cuirassiers, tho Prince of Wales tho scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All wero decorated with the Russian Order of St. Androw. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet; and collar, itnd pearl nectlaee. Tho Imperial German Princess wns dressed in tho same style. The Russian Princess' dress wbs blue velvet oml gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of i.he groomsmen. All woro silver'wedding favours. The procession, ,u'pon reaching the Russian Churoh, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church nf^tho Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sucred vowels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, . assuming his station, with the Empress imme diately behind. Aftuinct the bridegroom stood Prince' Arthur and tho. Gfruffd Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden suiver'a, were ? deposited on the altar tern porn rily, until placed ?on the fingew of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel wns illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson and pold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. Tlie Greek marriage ceromony wus unique in the ab»onue of musio. Chants und intoned prayers wero given during the service. The orowns. 1 were held suspended over tho hends of the bridal pair, — Princo Arthur holdinu the crown oyer the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Sorgius over that of the b'Hde.- ? The Imp'orial Confessor then said : ' Thcu Borvant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward', urt orownod for this handmaiden of God, Mnriu Alexandra,' in'tlie name of the Futiier, tho iion, and the Holy Ghost.' Princo Arthur becoming .tired-of holding the heavy crown,' was relieved. Then tlio Epiitle to the Epht-sinns, 5th ohapt'er, N20tli and 23rd versos Wero road.. Alter (.lie reading was concluded,' the marriago at Cana of Galliloe was read. .The crowns wore removed, and tlio married cquplo wulkod thrico around tho raised dais, .holding to. the tipof tlio con fessor's robe with one' hand and a candle' in the ? other. At the conclusion of this upremony the sacramental oup was brought forward, blcsaod and partakon of by the bridal pair, the con fessor prosontlng the crass, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang 'Glory to Thee, O Lord !?' aonoludiug with a bonediction. This ondod the Greek servicos, the procession thon Blowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexahdor for the Anglican Bervice. Dean Stanloy, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walla woro decora'ted with bnitlo pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnization -of the Greek Church 'service, woro a Protestant Epis oopal Doctor of Djvinity hut mid gown, 'und who now appeared at tho altor wearing nn Episcopal surplice with a jewelled uollur of tho Ordor of tho Bath around his nook, was assisted by the two resident English clergymen. Both ' the American and tlie English colony were gathored on tho left of the altar. Conspicuous among them wus Governor Jewett, tho Ameri cun Minister, Lord Loftus, theEn»li8h-Mini»ter, and Diplomatic officials. Many English officer*, in full coBtume, were also present. Especially notablo whb tho venerable Prince Goi'Ib ohukoir,' surrounded by lon'ding members of the Russian nobility. Tho Episcopal chants wero given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson drosses. When tin) murriHge pro cesBidn ontorod, tlie brido wnlkcri between her father and the bridegroom. Pi'iuco Arthur walked bohind. The beautiful Anglican wedding 8prvico was then impressively performed by Doun Stanley, the Prince nnd Princess respond ine accordina to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. Tlie ' tlelii cry of the final beno'diotion, 'God tho Father, God tho,Son, and God tho Holy Ghost — blo.»s, piosorro, and keep you,' was especially touching. 'Tho ser vicea being 'concluded, Denn Stanley congnit.u- , latcd the newly-married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitarioB woro proBent. The bride looked earnest, -sweot, fuir-fueed ; the bridegroom grave', self-possessed. The Prinooss of Wales was lovely, palo, und delioatis. The German Crown Princess looknd henllhy — tho iningo of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Priuoe of Wales was apparently on excel lent tprniB with the German Prince, and both looked woll. During- tho ceremony in the' English chapoi; the Empress of Russia being a confirmed jnvnlid and. fatigued, eeemed over come and ma'ie a motion of holding a handker chief to her eyes when the married couple salutod hori Tho ceremony being conoluded . the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place, and' the- general ' soone was one of splendid festivity. The ser vice formed an extraordinary combination of oeremony, wealth, pomp, and Bplendour. After the, marrhige ritos there waB a banquet at the' Palace, anq eubjequently a ball at the goigeoui hall, At,th^p)le,of!tho ball the bridal cnnplo wore ^qrAali'y^nftifbhBd to ;the bridal chamber, -v-:«-b:|i'()iiijiie.d. by the Smperor and officers of .?!tbtv;'ppHrt; -The ''festivities were .continued 1 (ifter^ho retiroment of .the .inppy' cbuple/Uie . Epjjpeijo^. being Jj/esotrt. ._-? '_ .. ? '?,' . t;_\\.. 