PASTOEAL LETTER Or the Right Reverend Ds. Quinh, Bisho? or Bathubst, To the Catholic Clergy ^'^ Laity of the Diocese of Bathurst, on Do»otion to the Sacred Heart. Dbarlt Beloved Brethren , — St. Paul, speaking of the Saints of the old law, saya that they ' died according to faith, not haviner received the promises' (Heb. xi, 13^. Jesus Christ was the chief object of the faith of which the Apostle speafca ; through JdLim were the promises to be made good. ' Send down your dews O ? ye heavens, and let the olonds rain down the Jast One' ; ' send forth, O Lord, the Lamb, the Ruler of the earth,' or words of similar import were ever on their lips, showing thai the future Messiah was the object of their faith We are one with them in faith. We possess Him whom they knew but obscurely ; we have seen accomplished those things which they beheld afar off. ' God spoke to them at sundry t:mes and in divers manners by the prophets ; but last of all in these our days he hath spoken to us by His Son.' On Him do we look as $ho ' author and fiuisher of our faith.' Thus, they living under the old dispensation and we living under the new are members of the one body— of that Church which began in the earthly para dise and which will be perfected in heaven. If we examine the past history of mankind we shall find no moment so important in itself and in its oonsequenoes as that which connects the two dispensations. It was the moment when Mary, Immaonlate, trembling with virgin modesty in presence of the Archangel, said8 ' Behold the handmaid of the Lord ; be it done unto me according to thy word' for the last syllable of that response had not died away ont the lips of the Virgin when the Eternal word, exulting as a lion to run his way, traversing with the rapidity of lightning the immense spaoe which divides earth from heaven, entered into her most ohaste womb. A most perfect Bonl was at the same instant drawn forth from nothing. A most perfeot body was formed of the substance of the Virgin, and both were in the very moment of formation assumed by the Word. The words of the angel to Mary were accom plished ; the Holy Ghost descended upon her— i.ha tmiwap nf tlin Afnut. TTiorh nvHrnJinrinwftd hni» The moat; admirable union was effeoted between the Divine nature and the human—' The word5 WA3 made flesh and dwelt amon;B. us.' As we contemplate the mystery and weigh its oonseqaonoes, it were meet that our eouht should bo penetrated with the feoliugB of »w» and reverence with which Mose3 drew near tha burning bush ; for it announces a detlivoranoefar more to be desired than that of which MoseA was to be the instrument. Why do we direct your thoughts, Doarkr Beloved, to that moment ao long past f A groat movement is ab present in progress in the Church of God. The haarta of the faithful ef ovory land are turning to tun Saored Heart of Jesus. Where shall wo find thu o.\\)-l;tuauon of the movement) ? How shall wo oonrinoa |h$ world that the movement is most reasonable, is in accordance with the spirit of the Church, and is but the well-timed manifestation of a feeling that existed in the Church from the beginning ? ?! The mystery of the Incarnation furnished this explanation. To convince ourselves of this, Ve need but listen to the words of the Athana aian Creed, introduced by the Church into her liturgy — ' It is likewise necessary tor eternal salvation that we believe sincere!}' the Incarna ,tion of our Lord Jesus Christ. Now this is the right faith, that we believe and confess that our iord Jasus Christ the Son of God is God and litan : God : of the substance of ? the Father, begotten before all ages; man of the substance p;f,his mother, born iu.time, ; Ifer/ectGod, per fect man, having a; rational soul and human flesh' ; equal to the Father as to the Divinity, less'than the Father as to the humanity; And although he is both'God and Man, there are not two Christs but only one Christ : one, not by the., transformation of the Divine nature into | human flesh, but ' by : the assumption of human j nature into God : one by unity of person,! iiot by the confonnding of the two natures. For aB;the rational soul and the flesh are one man, SO. God and man are one onrisc. 'From 'this clear statemout of the doctrine to'' be' ; beiicved' regarding the' Incarnation, Dearly Beloved, we easily deduce the oonse enence of, which weare in searoh. We believe in ? ' one.Christ; and whether we represent Him to j ourselves ' in ' that infinitely perfei-t nature in' which He is from eternity cousubstantial to the j Father, or in that finite nature, made up of soul ] ;??. and body, which, at the moment of the Incarna tion, He received from His mother, and in which1 He became like unto us, He is equally worthy of adoration. This follows immediately fijom the doctrine defined by the Council of Ephesus, that Mary is the Mother of God : For although she gave Him only His human nature, He;was,wheu she brought Him forth a Divine Person: and, therefore, true God as there were in;Him, not two distinct persons aa Nestorius tanght, but one person— tlie Second Person of the' Most Holy Trinity. For the admission of th'e'; existence of two persons in Christ would be the Senial of the wordsof St. John, ' The Word was, made; Flesh,' and would destroy the very idea of the Incarnation. 'No sacred writer explains more clearly than Bt.' John the existence of the two natures and the unity of person in Christ. Soaring like the eagle to whioh He has been so often compared, andelevatiug Himself above all things created. He sees, in eternity, the Word proceeding from tSe' Father, with whom He is co-equal and co eternal. 'In the beginning was the Word and '- -the Word was with God aud the Word was God.' Coniing down to the moment when creatures \- sprang from nothingness into existence, he sees the Eternal Father speaking through the Word, Bo that the act of creation is their common act, — tc All things were made by Him, and without Him was made nothing that was made.' Pass ing agaiu from the first act of creation to the moment when the promised restoration of the human race was begun, he says; ' The Word was made fir sh and dwelt amongst us. But let us observe that in the time subsequent to the incarnation, the ' Word made flesh,' is in Hia ©yea' as great as He had been from eternity. He is bereft of not one of these attributes which He had possessed from eternity. He is still all holy,' all wise, all powerful. The theme of the Gospel of St. John beiug the vindication of the Divinity of Jesus Christ, hence, it is that in j Jesus Christ he evar displays before us the glory | that belongs to Him as God: ''We saw His! glory, the glory as it were of the only-begotten J of the Father, full .of Grace and truth.' .From all that we have advanced, Dearly Be- ? loved, we gather that the human nature of Jesus i Christ is worthy of adoration. The Apostles, | seeing ni.m after the. resurrection, adored Him. ' Thomas, BJeing his resuscitated body, and gazing : on His sacred wounds, and hearing the familiar ; accents of His voice, exclaimed, ' My Lord, and ' mv God.' Now the form on which Thomas and the others gazed was the human form of Christ; the voice which they heard was His human voice Yet Him whom they saw and heard and touched they; adored, and believed to be their Lord and their God. , ..After their example, and guided by the Church, which cannot err, we adore Jesua Christ ;is uiau ; we adore His wounded hands and feet ;?? we, adore His most holy Body and Hie .most precious, blood. For they are the hands, the foot, the body, the blood of God. Hence, too, we adore the Sacred Heart, for it is, the Heart of God, being hvpostatioallv united with the Word, the adoration in all cases ter minating in the same Word. Are we not justified, therefore, in saying that the, explanation of the religious, movement which is, at this moment taking place in the Churoh, is to be sought for in the mystery of the Incarnation ? ?, -, ,. ?.., ? And if we examine the. age in; which we live,. w,e shall understand that at the present, time the devotion to the Sacred Heart is most opportuue«: Jesus Christ is in all ages the great object re garding which the thoughts' of the Church ;are oooopied. But the oharacterunier which she rer presents Him to herself is variable. , In Apostolic times, when the memory of tho tragedy of Cal vary was fresh, He was invoked as the jCriioi fied., ',' Josus of Nazarach, the Crucified^' was the first title given Him after the resui ruction, and this title,...received from theauge!,;bt:oame; fixod iu the memory, of j,ho Church: WlXeui.ths; Arian controversy was raging, the Church, made eyery. effort to impress deeply 6u the:niindsoo;fi the,, faithful the trnths which the bereticsf im-i with the Father ; hence, in those troubled times jfch,e.inv,ocatioLi most frequently used was 'Jesus, Son of the living God.', Another storm arose in the days of Nestorious, who destroyed the very essence of the Incarnation by teaching the existence of two persons iu Christ, and by deny ing to Mary the title of Mother of God. . The Churoh is moved, a general counoil is assom bled, and joy is diffused amongst the faithfnl, when it is proclaimed to the world that the Church de clares Mary to be the mother of God. Atonce a modification is seen in the devotion of the faith ful. When addressing their Saviour, the title under which they most frequently invoke Him ifl ' Jesus, Son of the Virgin Mary,' nnd that under which they roost frequently invoke Mary, is ' Holy Mary, Mother of God :' and in that age the custom of representing Christ as a child in the arms of His mother became universal ; both the invocation and the manner of represent ing the Saviour being a profession of faith in the doctrines defined by the Council of Ephesus, and a protest against the errors which it con demned. Again, when in after times a Borengarins, and still later the so called reformers deuied the real presence of Christ in the Holy Eucharist, the devotion of the faithful underwent a new modification. All that fervour which in the days of Nestorious was awakened by the contem plation of Jesus as a child in the arms of His mother, was, so to speak, transferred to the same'Jesus, hidden under the Sncramental veils. And all that external pomp with which, since those days, the Eucharist has been worshipped, is the antidote which the Church opposes, to these errors. Thus, although the faith of the Church varies not, tjie devotions which have their origin in thatYaith may vary ; since circumstances 'may in one age call for a more clear and emphatic profession of faith in certain truths than was necessary in preceding ages. Hence, in our days, Dearly Beloved, an increase of fervour in the devotion of the faith ful to the Sacred Heart of Josus was to be looked for. After the so-called Reformation succeeded a period to which our Divine Lord may be supposed to have referred when He fore told that a day would come when charity would grow cold., Since that period, and more, especi ally daring the time when that most gloomy of heresies, Jansenism, was endeavouring to gnaw the vitals ; of the Church, a diminution of charity was witnessed in a large number of Christians. Many fell away from the faith, and in many who still retained it, the fruits of the ! faith were no longer seen. These professed to ? believe in Christ, and they did in truth believe ' in Him, but they would fain impose restrictions ! on Him. so that His influence might not be felt in human society. Some went even so far as to ? say that society had little need of Him. They I waged not open war against Him as the persecu tors had done of old ; they affected almost to ignore His existence ; and yet they ceased not to call themselves Christians. There was ever found a vast number of Christians in1 whose hearts His love burned warmly. In our days suoh faithful servants of Christ are found in all lands where the name of the Church is known. How must they neces sarily bo affected when they behold the coldness and indifference with which the infinite love of Jesus Christ is required by so many others ? Must they not regard it as a sacred duty to love Him wioh increased love in order, as far as possible, to restore to Him that of which the cold and indifferent deprive iHm ? Must, not the love of Jesus Christ be the constant object of their thouchtH- and mnnt-nnf, thin lnvo. whinh is of itself bo capable of giving consolation, fill 1 them with paiu and anguish ? And as the Heart of Jesns is the dwelling-place of that love, the fouutain from which it proceeds, the worship of the Heart is the most rational con sequence that can follow from the feelings of pain and anguish which the ill requited love of their Saviour awakens. Faith tells them that the Sacred Heart is worthy of adoration. Experience tells them that the Heart is not loved, but is outraged and insulted. They lose not courage, however. They see the evils which overwhelmed the. world, which have thrown off the yoke of Jesus Christ, and denied the obligation of loring Him. They see the need which modern society has of a reformer. They believe that they have found such a reformer in the Sacred Heart. They believe that Only this Heart sees the depth of the wounds which impiety and in fidelity have inflicted on society, and under stands the remedies which ought to be applied in order that these wounds may be healed. The persecution which the Church is undergoing affrights them not, the triumphant tone in which her enemies foretell her approaching downfall causes not their faith to waver. As the disciples, when the storm raged aud waves threatened to destroy their frail bark, drew nearer to their Master, even so do those faithful Christians of our days draw nearer to the Sacred Heart. Hence that most consoling spectacle, witnessed bo lately, of entire nations uuuBuurubuig tnemseives 10 tne sacred Heart. The first that gave this example of faith and piety was that great nat.on which glories in the title of the Eldest Daughter of the Churoh. The seooud was a nation still more dear to us, a nation which has, during centuries, rosisted and fought against persecution with a courage without example in the history of the Church. Their example has done much to increase in the whole Church the desire of honouring the Heart of Jesus. One with them in faith, is id not con gruous, Dearly Beloved Brethren, that we should bo one with them in the manifestation of that faith ? Oh, faithful Ireland : on the day thou didst pro^rate thyself in adoration ia presence of the Sacred Heart, to consecrate thysslf to it for ever, thou wast,, preparing for , (the same Divine Heart new con quests',1 now glories in distant lauds. That'^'solemn act has moved Australia tdo,' which owes to thee so much already. Through thee have we received the gift of faith. We thank thue, to-day, for a new gift Thy example has aroused us, too. Wo have a holy envy of those blessings, whioh we feel assured the Sacred Heart will shower down npou thee, and we have resolved that we shall snare iu them. We, too, in this distant land, are about to consecrate ourselves as did your ohildrea to the Saored Heart. May this conse cration strengthen the bonds of faith which make us one with you. May it teach us to love and to cherish for ever that faith for the love of which thy sons iu past ages bravely endured ' mockeries, and stripes, and bonds and prisons j' that faith for which they were ' stoned aud were cut asunder, and were trampled and even put to death by the sword ; wandering in deserts aud mountains, in dens, and in caves of. the earth.' May their example strengthen us if days of trial should over arise ; may we, like them j be found faith ful. May we like them uepose securely in the inexhaustible fountain of love, of mercy, and of strength— the Sacred Heart of Jesns. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost bo with you all. Amen. £5 MATTHEW, Bishop of Bathurst. St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst. . ' Feast of the Hoiy Name of Jesus, 1874. P. S.— This Pastoral will be read in the. Churches arid Chapels throughout the Diocese on next Sunday, and at the Out Missions on the occasion of the Priests' first visit. 