NEW SOUTH WALES. ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY. FATHER COIIETTI. We learn with very sincere pleasure (says the Freeman's Journal) that the Rev. Vin cenzo Coletti, so widely known and esteemed by the Catholics of this colony, has just re ceived, through his Grace the Archbishop, the degree of Theology. Dr. Coletti was already Licentiate in Theology, having re ceived the pagella of that rank at the Collegio Romano in the Eternal City. The present diploma is accompanied by references to the brilliant course completed by him whilst he was a student at St. Edmund's College in England, and also by a most gracious special message from the Holy Father himself. Dr. Coletti made the public profession of faith usual on such occasions at the 11 o'clock Mass on Sunday, the 5th inst., in St. Mary's Cathedral ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL BALL. The annual ball in aid of the funds of the St. Vincent's Hospital was held in the Exhibition building, Sydney, on Wednesday evening, 8th July. There was a very large attendance, probably over 600 persons having been present. Among the guests were his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, Lady Robinson, Miss Robinson, Captain and Mrs. St. John, Sir William and Lady Manning, his Honour Judge . Faucett, the bons. Saul Samuel, C.M.G., J. G. L. Innes, and John Hay, Messrs. W. Forster, M.L.A., R. Driver, M.L.A., H. L. Nelson, M.L.A., J. G-. O'Connor, M.L.A., J. Robertson, M.L.A., W. A. Duncan, W. Neil, T. Butler, G. Montefiore, J. Montefiore, P. Jennings, M. Courtin (Acting French Consul), M. Sahl (German Consul), Lieut. Cummings, R.N., and very many other ladies and gentlemen. The vice-regal party arrived shortly after 9 o'clock, and dancing was at once commenced, and kept up with unflagging zeal throughout the night. Most of the guests were in ordinary evening attire, but there were a few fancy costumes, giving variety to the scene. The room was decorated with flags and evergreens, in a manner that did much credit to Mr. Madden and the subcommittee appointed to see to this matter. Great praise is due to the committee, and especially to the hon. secretaries, Messrs. J. G. O'Connor and J. J. Spruson, for the way in which the whole of the arrangements in connection with the ball were carried out, for it was beyond doubt an unqualified success, and not only caused much enjoyment to those who .were present, but will add materially to the funds of an exceedingly useful and deserving charity.—Sydney Herald. THE OBDEB or ST. GREGOBY. Last week it was mentioned in a short article we took from the Southern Argus that P. A. Jennings, Esq., of Karoola, Double Bay, N.S.W., had been invested, at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on Monday, 29th June, with the Order of St. Gregory. We now take from the Freeman's Journal of the 4th inst. some further particulars of the imposing and solemn ceremony. The sanctuary was gorgeously and apropriately decorated with banners and the ltar with flowers, &c;„ and not less than 000 persons could have been present. ontifical High Mass commenced at 11 'clock, at which his Grace Archbishop olding was celebrant. The full orchestra, umbering sixteen instruments, of the pera company, with Signora Zenoni-Gamoa, Signor Rosnati, Signor Dondi, and ignor Coliva, were engaged for the occaion. Mrs. Cordner-Miles and MisB Clara ea also rendered good service. Signor ellman played the organ, and the whole hoir was under the conductorBhip of Mr. ohn A. Delany. During Mass the Knight Elect, with his squire (Mr. Thomas Butler), knelt outide the rails of the sanctuary. At the onclusion of the Mass, the Knight Elect, ith his young son and his Esquire, were dmitted within the sanctuary, and knelt n the step of the altar. Father Coletti ead the Papal brief constituting Mr. Jenings a Knight of the distinguished Order f St. Gregory, and Father Cunningham ead a translation. Thfe preliminary prayers and offices being hen recited b^ his, Grace, the sword was lessed. Bis Grace then presented the ewly.-elected Knight with the sword, h aying:—" Receive this sword in the. name, t of the' Father, and oftlie Son, and of the oly Ghost'; and, so iar as human weakess will permit it, may you. injurej»o.one ith • it unjustly; which, .may;. H® ; -he: leased to grant,- who, , with the Fatherand he Holy Ghoat. liveth.iand .reignefcb;Goi, or -ever and ever.;' - Atien-V; "Uhe sword a^ ' thei placed; in its ,shs&th;,- and the eapon-hung theaidaot .tito Knight,4he following words: j t t PolentissStteji 6t, attends qw>d a.^' tl n in gladio sed per fidem ^cernnt t « The Knight th^n rose, and S g £ f the people, brandished his awnM ^ times-to the east, north, and wZ- ^ then, returning to a kneeline DMS* T 4 Grace attached the beautiful red A^' eight-pointed cross of the orde^$t d neophyte's left breast. The KnioU T his Esquire then rose and took thirst meaDtime Sim S The Order of St. Gregory the Giw founded by Pope Gregory/vL on ^ tember, 1831, as a reward for zeal ftn7f votion displayed in the cause of theZZ Catholic rehgion and Apostolic authority? rebgl0U ferenJf 8 °PP 08it i°n aud indtf. Later in the afternoon a banquet m given in the Presbytery at St. Mal^ honour of the two events of the dav is, the celebration of this fortieth annivereZ! of the consecration of his Grace Dr PoH ing and the investiture of Mr. Jeirain« with the Order of St. Gregory. Dean Kennv proposed, as the first toast, the health J Ins Grace the Archbishop of Sydney recall ing the details and the results of his mj." sionary life, since his first landing w e about thirty-nine years ago. The Archbishop's health was drank with enthusiasm. Dr. Polding made an eloquent reply, d e . precating the unqualified praise which'was lavished upon him. His Grace, in affectionate terms, then proposed the health of Dr. Vaughan, the Coadjutor-Archbishop. The Rev. C. McCarthy responded. His Grace next proposed what he called "the last but not the least" toast of the day, and in doing so said" Sir Pairicfc Alfred Jennings, it is with very great plea, sure that I have been the means of convey, ing to you this decoration of Christian Knighthood—this token of favour from onr Holy Father, Pius IX. Honours are doubly precious when they come from an illustrious source, and rest upon a -worthy subject. Such a worthy subject, my dear son, I know you to be, and therefore I have the twofold satisfaction of conferring a dignity which has a special brightness shed upon it by the personal character of that Most Gracious Pontiff who decrees it; and in conferring it on one who will value it and maintain it as it ought to be valued and maintained. For indeed our most deal Holy Father is one from whom any person might gladly receive a mark of favour and esteem; but to us, the children of his household, it has naturally in these days of outrage and trial a superadded preciousness. Pius IX. was always great and beloved ; he is to us now greater and more beloved than ever. And yet it must be a singular spectacle to the world; it ought to convince men of the life and reality of Christian faith." • The toast, was warmly received. Mr. Jennings, in replying, said:—"My Lord Archbishop, Reverend Fathers, and Gentlemen,—I have to thank you most cordially for the gracious manner in which you have received the toast of my health, and (for the hearty response which it has called forth. It gives me the deepest and sincerest pleasure that I am here to have my health proposed by a Prelate for whom I have such an affectionate and undying esteem, and I must candidly state that if it were at all possible to enhance the high honour that I have this day been the uaworthy recipient of, at the hands of his Holiness the Supreme Pontiff of Christendom, it would be the fact of receiving it from the hands of the Prelate whose lite has adorned, not alone our Church, but the civil society of our "time; and for whom I have always felt the most profound veneration and respect. For of him it may truly be said, * that he has shown by his works the faith that is in himand I may fearlessly assert that, of all men in these Australian lands, there is none more worthy ot respect and high honour." 