OLD. STORIE; RE-TOLD.' Tnl DtesL aBTWES LORD1 BYRON AND M]t CIAW?ueTH, 1;forA. beint remuoee he said he fur gvr.Lnrdd Byrpn, and hobped the. world wultd foratve him ton;. ar?d he sait earnestly, two cr ttlee titiet, that, iaitied and dist(esed s ihe tlen a.he.w-?uid rather be in bis.prese? t Citui.tiu than live ender the mi f Er tune of having kiile.d another person. He decared there. had been nothing between him, and Inid Byzon that might not have been easily made up. He then a-ked, withlS gerous saxity; albiot the mortal w.annd whicb he=:.believed. he. had iflicted on his acdersary.. Mr Rqbert A'dir, a surgeon, and Dr Addi:igton, Mr Cha?,rth'sown pb) siciau al. at:euded the dyjhc man,. but faiteJ to aff rl him any. relieLf .Weu. Ms" L.vis z? cine into. the bed-chaiber,. Mr Chawoitt itressed tis hard and desired h'i- t:. aend for a lawyer. as soon as. p+s-ibie, is.he Ranted to make. a new ainl 'alaJ believed. he bhuld be dead telire moruing. bUjon teLa, Mir Leii.z, almost +brk~,sl- hearre.i, g lg out into tcleatute-r,,im, ttld Mr Caar a11wkins, .ir. Adair, 3fr Hrwet,. aud .ttr Wil!tinghty. that.he was.totally, deprivei ot rectausre:tu, %rd cru~d not remember aty latwy r eser. Mr BRwkitts mentioned Mr P,rArti,':. n, a.alst, lof c!asacter, and he-was sent. tor. Vhisile Mr PiArtiugtun was prep.oiog tee will in the ante-tunm, the oth-r gentlemten. hving gone duwis stairs, Mr Leviz.-agaip went to the bert aide to;ear h-Iow she nufortunate Eff'lr had:dsppened; ,After -he will was exe cuted aud the friends had returned to the bearoom, Mr.-Levitlz, in great distre:a, Said to.tbe syi.,gmman :: ?Dear.Bil;, for God's sake bow was thw t--Wis' it fait '" Mr Cloaw. rL's hcad,wt- at thei mmeut turned.fronm Mr Ieiti z; but (,u that question. he tun ied, Lai9 t ,i uetL;,ipti. itatrictty, and aemw.i to, shrisukhs" heid in the pi;lnw.. He.afer wards repeated toestury, ant exclaimed tpice:. "' G'-d God, that 1, etnuid be ench a fsol as to fighi. it the sd?rk l' Meaiintg that hbe: reitreced h.viiý. sacrificed tis;luperriorty, as a sw'irdslatn,. Ip a light sid iope, rouomu he, would pro bhbly have disarted -hi&" antagiist at once.' lip asad l;t :iid iout believe L~rd T]rlrn.; intended ,afi lting when. they ejtered tshe rolom Itogther, till be thouglht he-.hahilt.in, at'.t i asdvantage, v.'l Hlie. iil aS.auait,sif; h rntur;. buint h;E. th,tught 1t b?reirtIun ad duiuuse .linlelf io guou b it." bescral sties it the.nigtlt, ou brisng ev?.stdlit relite. uow. the. tifair began :eove,;.-·ainrt, Air ,L' awiprth'L alway-. ?9a'.wcred.ti?+o.e;. . ..-+: -iL L?? lang story, aind-it 'is'. trouble sp?a.~ t ms t stak. They sill tell y?-u 2i D,. Ittt il wl.l tell you.' Fust a U t ai ItstrCafter this will was sigtL.-:U ti s'aid, ? uatnd the stateslelit was takei ;drlwn- by Air FParttigtn,. Mhr ctiNworth.appicared "n,,zugly c,,mposed ; IUt about f ur- he fr- itito '-va't tortures." He was ne?etragaint free frolml pain,, but warn f, metit;uioun relieved hiss sineRhat. , After givit:g directious fsr his funeral, he died.a bout niie iilthr wa. riuing. Ou Mr Catar Hawkins erxmtluiiug tlhe body, hi. hfou.i that Ldr lByrun's a, ord had euiteres tine. luch t h the left. of, t he I.rel atnd Ian.ee hitliq'e;y. ct mniu,ti .u six inches ligRltr. In thie iack. $ 1 htul passed thruug i the hisuet part of the fleft luag. Sutme time after this utihppy affsir- the croter ibai,,is f;.li.nd blllt gutsty Uo murder-L-lu l3yrin ssurretitled Isitu seel to be tried b) hi- pe;l, iid wsase,t I to the Towter. On tie lGth mil A1ri,t, at, it halt int hi ur after iune iu tit, ui,.inlrg, his lr.idsilp, escrte,, by ptr tih us f thie ll,,rse an, F.,,ut Guards, iaal attetnded by the I:euteiaut-govertir, constable of the Tiner, and aniitbe I gentleman, was brought itn a coach by I the New-rad, Sonu hIwa·rk, to a curt erected i WVestmtl;tter Hall. The peenr stood unct.vltel ahile the kings a cum mission was read appointing the Etid of f Nsurhtingtun the tetluprary lort high steward. The Garter and the geutlhmtan I usher of tLe black rod, with three i revereoces, presented the whi:e staff to the Eirl of Northiugto:, who then to: k his seat, with bows to the tlhrone, in an arm-chair placed on the upper:.:o,t step out oneof the throne. Tue serjeant-at armr then. made the usual proclamation in the iod Norman French : Oyez ; oyez! yez!' -' ' William Lrd Byron was brought to );ifhibrjby the del.uty-govern-r of the r'e Gl end umnto j user carri d the a.e f It in; hm an t s:uo.l duritLr 'the' 3 triil'tuattme.pris.,nerss iefhaon i~with the ax's ;edge . turrnel.. frnm him- . The prshisner niadethree reveretces when he came to the ba:r, and -kelt. -: On, leave being given him to rise, he rase and bowed, tir-t to the lord high steward, and then to the lords; these compliments .were graciously returned. Whenu the clerk of the crown cried. How say you, William Lor. Byron, are you guilty of thle feloony and murder where of you stand indicted, or not guilty 7'" Lord Byron replied, "Not guilty,' my lord.." The clerk said, "-Col-prit," which mean', "Qu'il parait" ( tay it appear so). The trioa being resumed, the seoicitor general, in his speech. held that ibt was mupt4er if after a quarrel the aggressor has had time to cool and deliberate, and acts from malice and premeditation. Iu that case, whatever motive actuated him, whether some secret grudge or an. imaginary necessity of vindicating Lis bdonur, of satisfying the world of his3 coursee, or any other latent cease, he is no otject f.-r the benignity of toe law. After this, Lord Byron, lwho declined ex asmninganty witneses on his owu behalf, told their I..rdships that what he had to . ffer in his own vinijcatiuo, he had, c'm. nmitted to writing, and now begged that it might be read by the clerk, as he found his own voice. considering his reseeteii situaFion, would out be heard. iEiss .peech.was acce*rdiugly read by the clerk in a very audible and die itct manuer, and contained an exact detail of all the t'arutculars relating to the melaticholy aff.ir between him and Mr O awrth. lie said tie declined entering into the circumstances of lMr Chweorth's beha viour, further than was& necessary, for his own defeuce;. and expresse.l his deep, and unfeigned sorrow at the event. He added: "Our fighting could not be very regular, circumstapeed as it was; baut, notwIthstaldjing ronseconsideratiins, ,my own mind does not charge me with the least ttfairnese. In such a case, y,'ur lordships will no doubt have sum. cokttideration for human weakness and pass:.o,, always infinenced sld and itlame in sotme degree by the customs of the uworld. Arnd thought I. am pursuntded no co~ope? -i i Can "obstruct your impartial juttice, yet I,tteut that yotu.will tinciue to mitigate the rigour of. it and admtinister I at acc.rditic to-l lw,. in mercy. I am told, umy lord-, that it h" s beenheld .y. I the greate-t authorities in theland, that t if. contumelious- lords, and still m.,re, I. IpraeU!weL it coutemptuuus words olf chalieune, have been given by one man to anther, and, before tuey are. cooled, either bids.the other draw his 'word, and 'lea!h ensuets after mutual pas-es, the t f.c; of that case will not: am.-U~t to murder.'- Feggfng their lordohips, to acquit him.of- ai mW.lice, and Lo 'CultsiEer Li;ti ati upJippy, intnocent, ta: uf..rto r?a a rman, hie pr~tsner, concluded} iu these words: "My lords, I will detain youlnit longer. I atU in your Isrdehipa' judgment, and shall expect your sentence, whet. er for life or .enth, with all the sunlamssi,.n that is due tr the iiobl-.-t 'and most equitabli court of juiica:-re in the world." " The pris.ner bring then removed, after an aojuornnmeaat to toe Huste, the i?eer, I '-ne by oine, beginnurig with Lord George Vert :nn, the y.un,gest, gave. their verdict I to, the iord high steward, who stood on- I crovred; tbe Dukes of (ouocester and, Yank -peakitg last. One hundred and t uieseenr, vote'e Lsrd Byion guilty ot man aiaugfter, and four deciared him not I guilty generally.; and as,* by an old s:atule t, Eiward the Sixth, peers are, u in all cases were clergy is. allused, to be t dirunsaeJ i;tuout bure.ig in the hand. 4 io.s of int:erttauce, or corruptiont f t ?I.,od, 2.is lordaship was immediately dis- a rii-el i s1. as'itn hi- fees. The tomutsel for hi.~ htdship were -the a Hi,o Mr. Charles Y?rke and Alexaader i We.Idrrburin, $.q; the, attOurly,, Mr, i Putt-. A.ainst this loraship,. were the i Att*ruiiy-General, the S'lic:tou-General, Mr Sergeant Ulyun,.Mr St.oe, Mi CuQrp- a wail; and asatt."rtey, Mr J,,yneu.. After this glorious but stultifying assertivu of aristoeratic privleges. and. the right of, atslýaugpter,. the I lord high steward rose ?i,cuveretl, and the vcltletmati usher of the black t rod, kneeling, presented. himn. with, the I white stal of office, which he broke in two, I and then disolved. thg comnmi sioei. Ad:; vancing to the wool-pack, he said : " Is it your lordships' pleasure to.adjourn. to, the chamber of Parliament ?' . Tk.lrds relied, "4Ay, ay;' and. the Hoseee:as then adjourned. That same eseni? when M.r Che~ngth's lacerated and pierced body was lying on the plumoed bed behind the grand damnask cur tains-far away out in the quiet moonlight, in the Ncwsrtead pastures aund in the lonely jAnu?sley meadows, the large-eyed hares were gambolling, unconscious of the mischief they ha4:caused, and the partridges (birds that ought to be criesou-feathered, con sidering the brave men's blood they have so !ong been the means of shedding) were call ing each.other plaintively from the.stubbles, careless of their lord's sorrows and their master's 4es - But.w?s LortlB3yrn. realy gnuilty in "the mnatterof this tdpel ?. W? thitk the fight was by no means a premenliated one. There had lhen soomn old.differonccs between the two maen, about pri-s'te m.tters. A~t the club dinner, if Lord Byron's manner were taunting, Mr Chaworth's was distinctlIv threatening. The final words of the latter anionnted.to a publc challengc, fuor heI con. sidered Lord Byrou hJad given hlim the lie about Sir Charles Sedlcy's manirs. Vtholn be gre:w cold, Lord lyron grew hot. IIc ovideitly 'egretteld whalt ht had sail; but seeing Lord Byron iollow him, lie proibaly thought.tlhti h cime to settle to diebberencee Lord -;iyro0, ncitLg hi, 'aii:iun tilere, per La.s thoun~rgh lhe wm- wa.itiug for him, and he ,roloted.retiriu,- tp an empty room. There, Lord Byron cer.talhly.drl w lis sword rather ablrupltly; but his sullen vindictive nesss brooked no delay. It.was never suin, iposed that he pla:iied an assa.oinu treacher ous thrust. Mir Chawrth lunigedl first, and thought he had killed his man ; askig wa:.s be wounded: The question is, did Losd Byron unfairly take advantago of. the mo- c ment's hall, during MIr Chaworth's inquiry, to kill his adversay ? The dying man did not accuse himu of this, but rather of his hav. a ing lt the first placeo revengefully urged him (for a few hasty words) to the fatal dneL Mr Chaworth's chief regret seems to have b o been in f?htin; by the light of a farthin; Ik candle, and thuj sa:ri-iig his skill in Sieancing. Lr3 Biyran, it is certain, :eft P 1Wes:=mins:er Hai: with t'he br'a of Caia upoa his foreheai A -:-s:ri::s and in delib!e stain was on his escatSheoa. Tlhe "malcroan i " a:lrthe wrl if fais; sme Show shunnred him, a whispepr of susFii:,_ e followed him wherever he went; a S:s.:.dji e that irould not be resolved into wn"rs of Srfuil play and unfair iy. aae. The -"_es e aquitted him; the worr:d r-_re.,id h-: as condeunield, and tacitly treated h~m as a criminal He rctired into _Nmu: t:;gha:ns-i-, a;td became a sullen, glhony, mors-e m:n. is passions grew more ineter.ne : -h changed into a hb!f-cim ,L reve.--ge?-L brooding misanthrope: a nicke Timoa of Athens. No stories abiunt 'l'he wickd ored" we: re Ih. ugiht t wild and monstrous,. He a!iways aeat brired, as if dreadrig setret aienal t. ii1: one ocat.-hor,,he is -aid iln a rage to have thrown his wife into the i-ke in frout of theabbey, from anleh she was rescued t' the gardener; who then t:re --ea harr savage husoaud. Atttier time !.e Is said to haie shut his coachuisn for oie n~orying orders, and to naoe thrown the bl-e itig body into the coac:t where Lad.i y [Byro was seated, aud d.:len her home bihur-e L O-.ce when his neig~?bur. A-miral Sir hoilane Warren,.one of is od tiavaa friend-, came to tine with bi:n, i ,sto.s are s..I to tLase been placed ~~i the rttle be-ide the kuires and f,,rk, as port' of the regular table furuiture, ar i as likely to be neecel. Theese s:orie are, I ctour-e, were cuutiry people's cix a.gtra:i,,.s of pauy acts tt 1pasSion ; but they show ka muci the pr., us, wiked lord was dreaded and hated oy ? rue i-vla gees- r.uud the forest. 'Tlis at least is certain-that the wyvard unhappy maun separate , from his w ife, drove away near - ly all his srvautsuaila created a uluurtful auoliue aruutd biiunself. Enra.ed at the mtarrtage af hl son and. heir, who died young, tie let the abbey fail itao,rtair, cut duowna.lL the. faumi, y oaka to Pa;,y hits dert,;, and sold his valua? ble mineral pruper.y in Itochda'e. He had been, ill youth, a lJeutenatit uniirer Admiral B1olcenu. His oi.ly atOi-eteout in age, consisted i s esau, fights on the Itke, D?ttarentwo baby torts" he ban ounlt on the saore, ard a lrtte res-el he hail brought on whe.ls tfri'n soine perl I on the 'ea-tett Cadt. Heetleks, tit %hiat might happen after his dea:L, atid uuabl.e to cut o ff, te entail, he tnever metrtiuner Its gradL-nepthew bull as "-the httle boy who imtrrd at A?.erdent. ' At war with the humatt race,the wick ed lord, in "'austere and savage stcint saon,'" toolkrefiuge iu the love of artiml-. de amtned ap imrumeuse uu:nter ,.f crick et,wnuunLhe allowec to crawl over hitm, antd corrected when too. familiar wito a t wip ..f s.tLaw. W\ihel, their patron and protector died, there is a ira .inlni, ac chadl,.g to. \aa-Liugt.un Irvi,,g, thpt they packed up. tagaurd onggage, al left tue ab-bey Lagether fEr "fres, fields anJd pa,- I autres uew,"' ickiung across toe courts, curridors,-aua clutsters in all directions. Tilhe Byrouis caine ia with the CUr qetsr, and stood well :.ll th ough ,li5Lts historty, Oe aocestor at i tlunreSu. Uartie, in Lerbysilre, hiutagrt fOr.tti. ~E die L'.nu's. ransom ; arother fuugit: by the side. of lHenry the. kFiutt in- Frtrce; a thir. ru e at Bus surth against the fierce Crookoack; w fuurth Wes.madse Kt.tght of the biatti at toe Ill fa:ed marriage of Heury the Etglsth'ti brothe-, pctuce Arthur; a fif, i, S"ir lJohni Byr,, the litt.. te I great beu.id,° ahtse ghost still haunts te.curridurs of Newstead. was rewarde. with. Nwstead at the disuolutinu an tearing to pieces of the monasteries. Sir Ntchulas Byron defetnded Che-ter, and tuuglht pa-st.aiatey at E.;eaiiL At the us t.e of Sewaury there tere seven cavalier brother Byr.ous figLtitig a;Sail?at the Puti:au fl.g. Anu:Ler Lerd yJ Bru was grBioom , f thLe betacil.ari?ber to stupid Per.oce Ge-,rge of De?-,arik, and lmarried thtee tiues - fir.,t, a dughrer of the Erl of 1Bridgewater; ec-md, a dau;nter of - toe lrlt ut P r.oaad; ttlirdi a daughter of.L ord Berkeley, of -trattoul, frtuc the last of whom tre great pout was du scended. When the old lord Ilied, in his miser- p able se.fimade solitu:te, in 1796, Neesteat passed inito the p. sr-eesitn of the putt, then eieven years t:f age, living with Lis, mother in humble toligtses il Abere.en. Hite father was the prtfligate atpl. abauduuei bson of that brave old witor, tihe brther , fthe dueliist-" Foul .1\ef.ther Jack," W?rose voyages and ad veutuos are well known. Tl'he bad sou lad.usen discarded by his father. He then, tseu.et tile Marciioue.'s. of Car ao.rtlien,. %as_ divorede, from her, and bruoke?lt heart. He afterwards tLarried the-..uet'e motoer, Miss Grion, whose fortune of twenty tlus;s-.id plouds ie squa.ndred, It..twu 3e,tre, ?.ldtheir de- if searted ter. In Tnt Mioore tells a sitllp but rikg auecgotite of. the arrival of tue aourt faji il ltattretrarte mother ai;d tre l:iutie dlUe S buy, band.ome and, brig/h-eyed, at the ' Neastead. tol bar to. tok Ir*-sesioln. Mr.s BdJroII, ffdectinr Igrlurancea-ke the til-tkeeper'Js ite to wlimi the seat namong the woods bel,,ie4. Sie was. anseereid ht ii e oiater of i;, L)rd B3yrun, had b~elt s.me iUollt-li, 'lead. " And why is tre next hei I ' tasked the proud and haippy mother. "'Tuey say," replied the old woman, I "that be is a. little by who lives at r A berdeet." "Aid this is the bairn,.bl;es him r' exclairledl the i rlluse, . trsn htlrier able ti steep the secret, alid Coteling With kis-es the yuoutn. lord wsho.wa seated on her One of. lyrrot's favourite haunts w~isr "-Tue Devl's Wood "-a glo,,uy grove if larlches, planted by tLe wicked Irl he itre the iiele, sand rriarn?nert.ed r?th leaden statues uf lrauns (:ailed .,eilis -,or the col.tt try perlh:). )and .:ak greet w-ith ittuld. ,, ti, lare 'ell vi,it to the grrve, whelt he so.i Neestead tr UlOlie: 0 W\ ltna? his. itil lltrrw s'hool chhuni, tie Ctltie her' Withl his sister, l.nlldc.rsei 0 thirrj i: t names or.an elu. It Otas dhile ;ruine at NewStea! frir the fU1rrow veacratio, tlat the bty per, then. n,;,ly tifteein, te in ,ve witrh Moy ti Uaikutsilit, e- Ieautlful girl of stvelitel a heir Inty.tiig.place cart a gate tl: t j.iriinel.thl e Nuas:ead riundils to Ihse otf .lrStl3y Iali. .Alarysa. Itsarther en 0 coruiared hi.i, i?nits ;. for the freud l;rd C ce.sel, the ltaitlI bl,rlrrshLid lhad been for goLtell, aud the ilarriage t vwrlltut. hdVe joried tw,, nitble estates. So, at)fel dyrou retunedl to achool,. the gil (al asl impreisib:e ag,) tel ii love icil Mr .Lusters, a Irlrug stalwart fox-ihunter, rhltu sire first saws, fram the rrrrf if the ha'l,, dlashiing tirough thie park at the hrad If all the riders : Wheu B~ron re turned htue, elshe was e:ngaged to in. j t'hey parted (it is told in. that ehef d'ce.uvre ot love-poems,. The Dreamu) c on a hill erlar Alnuestey. the last of a long promontry ot uplanltd that advanllcea into tile valley oul Newatead, aud lonee ttariigof trers that waa ioig.a lanud- u mark to Nottnghanmshire; then, taking.a lung last look at Anuealey, Byron spiurred his horse homeward like a -madman. Icat down in a jealous pet with his (as it in was reported) il-used wife. Paor MIary CL awtth !her marralge was far rInua Lapry. Her rough hard-riding bhubrnd. the first gerrlenuau huusmtur Of :.is d~ .S ( frnu tor Lis tremenruduns jue t wiri Lr ierr St rith. when a: Eoen\ C- Kai itsltlý sy harsh m i ottrr e frl. tie -;.,: A rcame to Airue'ley d:eiiksinu Le- /:h~ P i ru: iu 'uray :v .. t'urour bua? °' rI!r N.:uruj I .aU Tai,; ws set 'u Lrer "- during a iilrti:e r.i r Xt; Ni .itz:iters ui'a ricate w awtu, esuue r:iuo the Lr1'u a'tuerV J Or:* V .iwt C iLu. i :;I''st Her fraii Cz'.st.: :Ica reset r NC; r1. ti and~ her m.nud ujt rsaacrh gave way. I r-e t itter e-_, o r ht earl dri sp p p r·tnirnt Byro.ir. uer ftrrr. t. Lerrug after Ut tun uu tan o-) huer , hse trrite Oar L.1 uuiin woad ba rel he .fe itu.is t .1 Wuiu b:,,J3 hal been srie try our fe re~ ; it w.usdtv j fiured jutnroaI raIlr lit a It ssd 0ua.e JJrrrerla t least urure a-rarr, a ii twoJ perfins uU ri: t ma:tchei iuý e .uandu-sau-a-nd-ahsL hes.teeu. e the re ,u,'. 