A? MEDITATION. 'Tis hard to find, as fleeting years On rapid pinions pass away, That not e'en virtus's hoary hairs Can age or tameless death delay; And that were we to offer more Than all Australia's mines contained, Combined with all that paler ore _ From far Peruvia's mountains drained, We could not bribe grim Tenors' King To fold one hour his sable wing, Or pause beneath the realms of night With Time, to check his arrow's flight. Iu vain we shun a martial death, Withdrawing far from fieldsof blood; In vain we shun the plague wind's breath, Or fly the lightning and the flood ; For all are doomed alike to roam Those dark aud melancholy coasts, Where moaning breezes thro' the gloom Waft by dim clouds of plaintive ghosts. Ttien wuy seek lands of crystal streams, On whose bright surface zephyrs play? Or sparkling fountains lit by beams Of golden sunshine bright and gay 1 All must be left—all, all resigned, Both streams and leafy woods on high, And cypress only to the wind Above our lonely graves shall sigh. CHARLTON PARK. SAD AccrDBtri.—One of Tuesday sj Hobart Town papers says :—Last evening, about 6 o'clock, while one of Mr Barker a j drays was returning home, down flign-j street, the horse suddenly made a turn, I and then a bolt down Elizabeth-street. When near Claremont House some little boys who were about saw the danger, ana ran for shelter in a lane beside a stone cottage of Mr Wiggins's, in Warwick-1 street. Meantime the driver, a your„ J lad named Deer, had been thrown tromi the dray, and the wheel passing over m i arm while he held the rein, the ho ws shot splintering through the sleeves or u i coat, and he lay senseless on the gW '» • On went the terrified, animal, dashed, dray and all, into the roa^aj j where the boys had hid. One little: low had fortunately dragged his J brother further down the lane, " another, William Farrell, stood strain up, with his ba^k to the opened gate, 1 thinking himself out of .-danger; • pot horse and the dray came.rus ung ti^ g with a _ thunder, away, gnra.17. went wpnt toe M a • i - gate, boy and all,, against the oj wall. Both sufferers were c ?? o£V ed. a once to the Hospital, P ^ f f f i V fracture of the right and awj ^ a attended to .went home. - / ^ j. "recontused wound on tlie head, ana u . mains in the institution. 