TH E STORY-TELLER, A flOOD MATCH. Tbhe future Mrs. Sandering lived in rooms up a good many stairs in one ~of the ctreets which surround Russell Square; and thither I used sometimes to accompany my friend; when our pretty little hostess regaled us with cups (,f tea, and sang songs to us at a tinkling little piano which tried strenuously to be gay and festive and make good music, but whose ago and I decrepitude would sometimes assert themselves by the sudden cessation of as note or so, which grew tired and re fused to speak any more-very unlike the mistress, who was never tired of talking a great deal in these happy times. Here, too, we examined her drawings-she was a very clever little person, and sketched admirably-and looked over the precious volume in .which were pasted the few newspaper auttings criticising her performances; mostly from country chronicles, though there were noearly two lines from a London morning paper which had afforded her so vast an amount of pleasure, that if the writer had but lknown the gratification his pen was destined to give, I believe he would have defied his editor and put in half a column. On one of these afternoons, about a week after our arrival in town, we were loolking over a portifolio ofsketches and Sandering;was amusing himself by chaffing the drawings to tease Nelly. 'The only suggestion I have to o~ffer,' he said, puuting a sketch on the mantlepiece and looking at it with the burlesqued air of a connoisseur, ' is that a body should put tittles and explanatory notes to her drawings; be' ause a body is so apt to be mis understod.' SI wish you wouldn't keep on teas ing me about saying " a body," just berause I used the expression once,' she said, spoiling a laugh with a pre tended p ut. ' You should be very careful what expression you make use of, for you want all you muster to put into those works of art, dear. Now, heole's a strange picture; very charming, very inoeto3,itg, but just a trifle vague,' he said, selecting another from the case. ' A gentleman, seated in a box carried by two elliptic wheels, and drawn by a-by an anomalous quad ruped, which my slender knowledge of natural history will not permit me safely to- A horse, is it ? really a horse? Well, we'll call it a hoirse, at any rate, if only for the sake of, or rather the avoidance of, argu met-drawn by a horse. The gentle man is engaged in emulating the ex ample of Simple Simon in the ballad, and fishing as he goes along the turn pike road-driving! do youi seriously mean it? Very well, dear, you drew it, and so you ought to know; but why a man should go ouc driving with a fishing rod in in his hand, I a whip? Ohl, no; come now, Nelly, dear, that is going a little too far; really it is only as a personal favour to you that I can consent for a mo ment to accept that as a whip. Men don't hold their whips jutting over their horse's backs like bowspirits, and it quite bears out my premises that explanatory notes should be aP pended to these works of art. Nelly showed a disposition to at tempt the recovery of her much abused work; but Sandering was on the alert. and reeumed; SHe is driving (if you really do insist upon it) up a hill towards a church of ingeniously-assorted archi tecture, about which I will only say that if the incumbent is not more up right as a man than the steeple is as a building, the heads and morals of the congregation are in some danger You are sure that is a horse ?' ' What a shlame!' Nelly said, laugh ingly. 'I'm sure it's all quite plain eno,,gh.' 'Quite plain enough, in all con scienco-you night almnost go so far as'to call it u'gly,' uandoring replied. 'You may think so, if you like, sir. I'm sure the church is upright, and my uncle was incumbentL- at least curate there,' Nelly said, looking at the drawing. ' Why, I never know that you had an unclo. dear. What's his name, and wheore does he live?' he asked. ' He lives abioad, and I don't write to him much-l?he wouldn't like my being in the proftessioz. He's very hind, though, and used to want me to go and live with hinm, only I didn't, Hedley, his name is.' ' What Cedley-not Robert, I sup pose ?' Sanderinat asked. ' Yoe, it is Robort. How did you guess?' inquired Nelly. SYou don't mean to say that this is houheterton Church?' Sandering said in a tone of extreme surprise. 'Yes, it is,' Nelly answered, evi dently bewildored at his knomvledge. ' But surely, Nully, Robert Hedley, -who was curate of Chesterton in 1--, was not your uncle ?' ' Not only was, but is. Why are you so excited abouYt it dear?' she asked. I)Don't you know that-have you not heard of his death, Nelly ?' he in qluired. 'No, indeed I havoa't,' Nelly re plied. ' Poor little girl ? I ought not to have mentioned it so suddenly. Ule died ou the 17th November 18-.' Nelly laughed. 'Then all I can" say is, that he has since been repre sented by a wonderfully healthy look ing ghost. I have not saen him lately, bat two or three times since then; and I shall most likely have a letter front him--or the ghost-to morrow morning. I wrote the other day, the'first letter for a long time, to tell him about-about us,' she said. 'My dear child, if you are not joking, there must be a very great mistake somewhere. Do you know that if Robert iedloy were alive he would inherit 8taverton Towers ? ]ut he mr.u-t be dead. Ihave every proof of it. You know,' he said, turn ing to me, ' it was chiefly to iacertain this that I went to Paris. Hie ms?t be dead.' Nelly persisted, however. 'de had lived in P'aris, years aco, she said, but was 1o0 Ijuia15t to a little Protestant community in the south of France; and such, on investigation, turne'l out to be the case. A Robert Hedley, a clergymno, corresponding apparently in other particulars, had died in Paris; but we had the best reasons for assur ing ourselves that it was not he. An extract from one of his letters to his niece will finish my story : ' - let Mr. Sandering. then, resume his occupation of the Towers without scruple; convinced that I I should but be unhappy in leaving my work here, and adopting a new life, at my advanced ago. You are my only relative, and if I have power to dispose of the property at my death, it will be yours; if not, i- appears that )our husband would inherit it.' Sandering talked non?ense at first about having asked Nelly to marry him under false pretences, and it being his duty to free her from the engage ment; but she appears much to pre fer her bondage, and impudently as setts that if he did go away he would /only want to come back again as he had done before. There is some question of entail the lawyers have not yet decided, and indeed I believe they have;not been requested to do so; but under any circumstances, there seeois every pro bability that it will turn out to be a Good Match." I - 