ITALIAN OPERA.—' LUCBET1A BORGIA.' This opera waa performed last evening before a very large audience, with Signora Palmieri as Lucretia, Signora Magi as Orsini, Signora Ros nati as Gennaro. and Sumor Dondi m Alnhonsn. The principal performers were frequently and enthusiastically applauded. ' Bigoletto' is to be performed this evening. Though not amongst the most popular of Verdi's numerous operas it has many merits, and has retained its place upon the lyric stage for some thing like a quarter of a century. It was per formed once last year at the Royal, and we think about ten years age at the Victoria Theatre. The following brief outline of the argument may assist those who will be present this evening: in comprehending the action, and thus of more fully enjoying the performances. Rigoletto is the jester of the libertine Duke of Slantua, and by his unscrupulous conduct he j has made an enemy of Count Monterone, who accordingly invokes the vengeance of Heaven upon Bigoletto with such appalling earnestness that the terrible malediction for ever after haunts him like an ill-used ghost Rigoletto has a daughter (Gilda) whom he keeps in strict seclu sion; but the Duke has fallen in lore with her. Count Ceprano, whose wife the Duke of Mantua, aided by the Jester, has seduced, now deter mine to carry off Gilda, and induces Bigoletto himself to asset in the plot, upou the suppo sition that he is assisting the Duke's followers to steal away the wife of Ceprano. The Jeater, having discovered the treachery of Ceprano in this affair, and that bis daughter is in the power of the Duke, determines in his frenzy to murder hint, and enters into a league with toe bravo Sparafucile for that purpose. This man hat a sister, Maddalina, who entice* the Duke to a lonely inn, bat becomes fascinated with him, and on her entreaty her brother promises to spare his life, if within a given time any other person should arrive whom he can aaaaMtnate instead. Bigoletto, having recovered bis daugh ter, brings her to witness the Duke's perfidy, when she herself is stabbed as she makes an effort to save her lover. Rigoletto subsequently receives from the bravo the body of his daughter wrapped in a sack, aad supposing' it to be **\\*+ of the Duke, he is about to throw it into the water, when ke discovers it ia that of bis dying daughter. He thereupon sinks to the earth, overwhelmed with the cousdousneae that the malediction of Count Monterone is fulfilled. 