SUPE1RSTITION. *: It may be said that weak menl cling't superstitionsas.tle lame hold on tocrutches; and thlt if they arc a Oupport for, hunian infirmity thy .arc aldo a conspicuous sgn of it; but it is doubtful whether this opinion will lmatch with truth. WVhat are called strong minds indeed rcjcct',super stition as only a ireachcrous aid to the most contemptible sort of inmbcility; .and the shallowcr stutdent's. of ?ivinity arc anxious to aflirm that. all, belief in super naturial gency. is a;.false wors?ip, ,orIa blind faith in what is absurd, Without cvi dence. Some pert pedaiits even go farther than this and declare, that to stand above earthly concerns, and to view them fronm a height, as the superstitions .do,, is the modern form of idolatry, or a breaking of the second, Commandment, .vhich was given us that we might not be the prey of vain alarms and idle fancies by attributipu to stocks and stones the majesty which belongs alone to the Most Highest., Yet Biblical history, which niany still profess to believe, is full of visions .which foretold portentous events, and of. dreanis which were realised. The Creator has spoken to lis creatures in no othlii ahu guagc than by signs and'wonders. ;,Irael and Joseph, Pharaoh and Nebuchadnezzair, Solomon,,.the wisest of the wise, and; the husband of Mary, -the mother of,'bour Lord, were all taught in dieams. . It wai the ghost of Samuel, conjured by. an old crone, which warned Saul of his approa'ch in death at Gilboa.. .Paul was conveited' by the sound of a mysterious voice. Peter .was told that salvation had come to the whole world in a trance; The flight of an arrow, the form of a candlestick, the colour of a garment,, the cutting'of. the hair, certain numbers, especially the num bers three, seven,i and twelve; particular modes of eating, cooking, carving, washing, and travellinThad each a solemn, meanitg, whereby a distinct message..was sent to mankind from the Eternal Master. . Several of. those popular notions Which. a little learning is so prompt to despise as at once. silly and wicked-such as that of connecting sutlering with a Friday, and'a violent death .with the number thirteen, are merely rational. inferences drawn by Piety from the Past,, which is: the sole guide we can reasonably follow in our pro gress towards the Future., Others are of modern origin,, and are preserved by our qwn national traditions, or by the imagery 6f a great poet. Thus the fatal influence which the colour gr~een is supposed to have over the fortunes of the Grahams, and divers ancient fiinilies'in,Europc, probably dates from the Crusades; for green was the colour set' apart to be worn by the descendants of Mahomet, and must there fore have been peculiarly hateful to the soldiers of the cross. MAoreover, Shake speace calls Jealousy "a green- eyed nonster," and green is one of the most ideous of the signs of death. The ser pent, too, and the fabled dragon, are com monly represented as of tlie same colour. All we know of this worldis that what ihas been shall be again, and that. there is nothing new under, the sun. For the rest we are sure of nought, and much less than nought, referring to the invisible powers; for probably whatsoever we presume to inmagine about them is based upon error, and now we see through'a glass very darkly. Those who are wisest in their own conceit arc most.ready.to admit this fact with ostentation, as though'they. con descended to grant a proposition which cannot be denied, and were thus entitled 'to the praise which waits on candour. Yet in the same breath tlicy.assume, authority to gainsay whatsoever has, been written aforetime for our, instruction, upon a sub jqct of which they are confessedly ignorant; or theyl alt superbly between two opilioits, and pronounce conflieting judgmentts, as tlhoigh they held a comnmission from Ileaven to keep the earth without light. Superstitions are .frequently'the 'un acknowledged children of Love, are very beautiful. They are not base-born; but we dare not show them lest they should be ravished from us; tnd we hug them to our hearts with a tlouightfitl tenderness. We shrink from the bare ideit of. exposing their fairy gifts to the jeers of'ilhe street and the ribaldry of the vulgar: as we would not send a little maid abroad in fair attire, lest the whiteness of her soul. anid the sheen of her robeshould be defiled. Our darlings are dearer to us, because we must rejoice over them in secret-sometimes with fear and trembling, sometimes with hopes of ineffable brightness.- Vanity Fair.. . . I I ý MEM , : . 