THlE REFORMED BUSHRANGER. (A T£RUE T'ALE.) I HAD now a little tim f;oor reflection, and conid not help tnruitlge my eyes to the land we were fast ]cavtin. There were the grand and lowering old hills bithecd in the resplendent beams of the morning sun ; , the hlills thati. had wrtnessed the'victories of the prond Aztecs over whllom had ruled the martiail M onteznna's, and had carric? their -arms evezx to Nicargunas. ?War, war, belf,re Col'tos cnnle andd war, war, since he canme. The land appeared to be blighted by the wrath of God. From the hills my mind reverted to the town, and there I pictured the Bncarro at brelkfaist; and I knew how ardently hlie de aired to leave the country, and 'what a disap pointment it must be for him to be thus left behind. I had other sympathies, too, that wavndered hnck to coquettishMilarie Lopez, my bosuom always tinder, ready to ?ogfi at the least spark. From her bright eyes, I fearod I had received tlhat spark and was ready to burst forth in. A blaze ; I tried to sfimother these feelings but 1 found that earnestly as I had desired .to get away, and bad as the couttry was, I conld not leave it without deep regrets, anud if I could Ihave retraced my steps 't tlhat moment I fear' I would have done, so. Had I been a passenger I should have moped atid sulked and made myself thoroughily miserable, but I had to work nod I knowi no other cure for love than absence and hard work. If another.enchantress is near the core will be all the more speedy. I have tried it and can speak from my own personal knowledge. The breakfast here ?was :over, and I was turned, too, along with.the rest of the crew, 'there were' plenty of little jobs' to 'do and I could not do them, I ihadl a whole profession before, me to learn, andt to encourage mne the old skipper cried, " Now boy, overlhault your knowledge for a bit, atid think nothing of the shore." I did go to work w?ith a will and found plenty to rivet my attention, the day wore. away pleasantly. enough, so pleasantly that my regrets at night were not so deep at leavilng Mexico as they had been the morning we de parted. Since we left we.: had a sparkling breeze from the N.W., and a smouth sea, with these advantages the saucy Zeulika gave a good account of herself, and at daylight next. morning no land was visible. 3But something else was though. • Being a boy, or reckoned one, I was not permitted to go to the fore castle, and had in consequences to mess with the carpenter, or as he was called second mate, or carpenter. Breakfast time came, and I was jost in the act of swallowing a monouthfl of hot coffee, when, happening to look forward, who should I see rising majestically out of the forecastle but the Bocarro, he could see I saw him and be grinned'at \ne. I was com pletly taken abacki, I ias almost as much frightend as when Zulvago *as before me, I dropped the coffee mug and bounded into the cabin where Lye-the-bye I had no right to go, and roared outatthe top of my voice," Bythe Lord harry, old man, the Bucarro's here, there can, be no mistake about it, there he is, (point : .ing forward) it's either him or his ghost." Old Captain Peck was an even tempered old man, but when he was thoroughly roused he was a raging volcano. Hle hardly com prehended my meaning, I think, at. first, but seemed to he inclined to order me out. But if he was any way sceptical the nigger cook convinced him that something was wrong, for he came rushing in, coltee pot in hand, and roaring out, "by golly I'b seen de debil," and tripped over a cabin stool, and fell head long on the floor. The old man seemed to take in the situation at a glance, he rushed to his state room, and came out revolver in one hand, and handcuffs in the other, telling the mate as he passed to get his pistoli, the ship was about to be taken by pirates. Hie rushed on deck and right up to the Buccarro, where he was seated on the horn of the windlas, and pushing the pistol right up to the head of the Buccarro, roared out, " Surrender or you are a dead-m an." The Buccarro never blinked, or never moved, but answered calmly, " OCaptain you see I have no arms, you would not shoot a poor, defenceless stranger." This answer appeared to enrage the oaptain more than ever, for, he roared at the top of his voice, "A poor defeneceless stranger! by--" But I shall not write all he said. He rolled out a volley of Yankee oaths, as : "?k as snow out of a snowstorm, but the Bc3.., co said not a word more, whatever, and thet, lhe old tiger turned on me, and swore a string of the strongest and most horrible oaths I ever heard in my life, that it was all my fault and that I had stowed him -away. The mate came along and ordered me,.n 'ft to do some iob, on purpose, I believe, Ld get me out of the old man's way. He waited until I was on the sheer pole, and then running and planting himselt under une, he swore if I was not over the rim of the top in one seoond he would blow my brains out. I knew it was all a_?ammmou, but to humour him I ran up the shot, asnd then returned' to the cabin and walked inlto.the nigger for spilling thle coffith.' I conild heartb"m yelhin" Coffee being 18 ceii1s per pound, and you to waste it that/wany." Hi chased th ld cook pistol in hand to his. galley.. The cn'k barricaded hin s lf in," and the nigger cotld'be heard sinkini 'out ",. By golly do ole nman greatei debil den Iuclk Buck. :After all, poor kind'hoarted crl Peck was exhausted, but still lie'wns not stitified, as lhe went to his cabin,.hl Itelt niutteling out, " a -a-:-. d pirate, zuthigg elsie." This was the greatest strmi we had on oiur passage. The old man.;kelnout of sight for a day or two after that; no 'dloubt aslihimed that he had made snch a fool iof himself and chagrined that hlie ihonild be bealt. As soon as tlhe,eptain canme oi deck again, tlhe luccarro islipoed quietly up i'o him, andl offered a libera/1 sim i ls his ,passoage money, bni't the old man was v·ery cool withl him, liowever, on/ni intimationL being Ricen him that the liuccarro imeant only to (,fer it. himi once more.,it was, as that gentleman had .said. The. Ir?id gold pieces were too gro . ah 'temptatruon for the ohl Yankee, like falil Nichol/.harvie, lhe took tlhem when they werd next oflered, iiid from that time foward the pirate, n ad ancient mariner, as the sailors cailled them, g adually becamue better friemdls unt;l at last they becname insceperable. The mariner told. fearfil stories of thie son, and the pirate of the land, nmd biing the only two idle men in the shipl,, th-y were excellent conmpany for~' each otlher. I'sbhall not dwell further on tihe incidcnts of omr passage down.: ?\q were extremely fortunate, with the exceptiii, of a few rainy, disagreeable day aboot the line, in oiur paLssage fair wiiids'.mand smooth seas all tihe way; we touchetat a fu2v of the beautiful Corlline Islandd o, the P?dcifici but 1 cni not going to expltre the piradisesa of these beautiful Islands 5f the sea' at preseit. All 1 shall say is that he who hIqs not siiled over the smooth rippling waters of these sunny ]slands thas left one of the swaertest pleasures of life untnsted. On the thirty-eight day fiom Mazatlan the Zenlika was off the Drnnedary, and a rapid run from thereo o the lowe, andl then a succession of N.W. gales kept ks knockilg about among the rocks and shoals of.BIass' Straits for a fortnight. We did, however, eventually arrive safely in H .l,son's flay, where the B3uccarro and I safely disembarked. The Bnccnrro and I remained in Melbourne fur a few clays seeing the sights of thic Qucen of Australia.. It was many years since* the British flag had waved o'er his head before, and some degree of youthful pride returned upon him, as he watched its broad folds flutter in the breeze. IIparticularly noticed tlhe'snbsiantial manner in ?'hicl Melbomlrne was built.',lle had been uaed to Amnrican frontier towns, wlheeio:very bui'ldin is composed of either wood orm adobeutt ihechor of one or the other, the places "wore t rown together to suit thlle exigencies of the times. But here the large building were either of bIrick or blne stone, and looked as though thley.were me ant to last for. ever. The streetsjtoo, were well. made and clean. The place, hlowever, in his opinion nhad its drawback. There was too much royalty. There was the Theatre IRoyal, thlkRoyal Family Hotel, tihe Duke of this, ihe Earl of that. The people, he said, were too 'aristocratic : his politics were repuhlican pure and'sinmple. The peolple of Melbourne he considered anu unsacial lot nand the women drank ; he said th'eir fiery 'countennces told him so. The bar maids tickled him most of all. Where he had comie from, drink was mostly served out by men with a revolver 'stuck in their belt, he co:;ld not imagine how those girls could exist amid the drnkmen ness, din, and confusink {hb noticed in the We had just happened) to arrive in .Mol bounrno atthe time of a great Scotch gylher ing; it was held, if I rmeember rightlyf'in the Cremorne gardens. There were two days of it, and the Bnccarro was there both days froum morning till night. 'The Scotch'tunes, Scotch verses, Scotch dances-and' Scotch games, struck a chord in his hear .which had bcon slumbering since his loirly boyhood. I had seen this man as stoiid and iudiffTcent as a stone statueamid the gay and enlivening scene of a-Meaycan fandango, but he.o lie was a different man. altogether, fnldfof life and fun. He had' a -ndtion of engaging in conversation with every [Scotcb4,A'nn he 'met, and a Scotch woman pnuld ged anything out of him; He'said he tioughthe could sit a year without meat or.dr'ifk 'and listen to a Scotch lassie spe kfng pine and fashioned broad Scotch.' . " After seeiig the sights oflMebtourne, we began to talk dver our future prospects. o, e made no formal\nrrangement to go )Atcs, but both being strangers in a stramngoecountry we did what most any other individnials would have done under 'the circumeances.V In stinctively drawn together we 4d'ver thought of parting. Ballarat wa~kthenthe magnet that drew almost every new.÷dum that entered the country. We were no exception to the general rule, but soetl'ut for that far famed gold field and accosiplished' the journey by rail and coach in oiday. \ Arrived at· Ballarat, we were set-down at the RisingeSun Hotel, which\ at that time bore a remnarkably fast name. Aftr supper we -wore seated in the bar; indeed, in most Amstralian Hotels there seems tobeono other sitting accommodation affordgd. Where.was a crowd of the fancy in drinking, and talking of fightin ; and at length there was a few rounds fought but no great damage dne. After the fight .a fellow a little -ori i'liquor came and sat ilo gside the Bucca ro, and opened a couversiM.on about thqoight. He said he wasrnot i r.. favur of/ fighting, he would never ifight aga \ '. " How is i at ?'" asllthe Buccarro. " Well,'ftle man co enced, "I will tell you; but its rath a ]g-- atory.4' And be there and then thro a ttlt which he appeared to hae otl by heart, how a man in that house and hiu?,once ha?l a dtieronce; and how they/retireod, t the bkel yard tp settle their difficulty, how tbey fought a couple ofot9unds, butithe end of it wvashat? man, as'hesaid, slept there. . (Tb'~Con!41uedA) Why is the;)Devil .liku a pawnbroker? Because he alt ys- caimB the un?edeemed. SWhy is my' siate; k-Ema, mrating a nut -tmnBwi?«,o Tdowder." Lira'.ou? tohber Jack. goinug 