THE CALIFOBNIAN GHOST. Not to be undone fay the old country San Francisco hashadareprodnction of the Cock-lane Ghost mystery. A committee of investigation is sitting with closed doors endeavouring to sift the truth out of the accounts given by many witnesses of certain spirit manifestations which have driven a gentleman and his family out of house and home. The scene of the mystery is Oakland, a small town across the Bay of San Francisco. For three days and nights the inmates of a house in that place occupied by a Mr, % B. Clark, of the Sub-Treasury, were disturbed 'by the thumpings on the floor of the sitting-room, by the ringing of the house-bells, and by the strange antics of chairs and other pieces of furniture. The house is two stories high, has a gable roof; aud stands at tbs corner of two streets. The occupants were Mr. Clark, Ms wife, grown-up daughter, little son, a relative who is an invalid and confined to her bed, a Mr. Oxland, and a Mr. Bayley. The rioting with the furniture in 'the house went on through a great part of oue night, and continued until seven o'clock in the morning. Then there was a cessation of the sports nntil eight o'clock. Mr. Clark and Ms wife were in the dining- room, and his daughter, who had been out, had laid her hat and shawl and gloves in the parlour, and joined her parents, when a fresh noise in the parlour startled them. They went into the room and found that the sofa had been wMrled round, and was lying on its back in front of the grate ; a chair had been thrown down, aud on it was a -small iron safe weighing about 10 lb. Mia Clark's gloves lay on the floor, not fiat, like empty gloves but puffed out, and with the thumbs sticking up, as if they were drawn on invisible hands. They picked up the sofo and chair, and were about to lave the room when the blower before the grate jumped jdown and darted across the room in a kind of pirouette. Mr. dark, laughing, remarked that it must have been a strong draught of air that could have done that, aud he replaced the blower. It immediately flew out into the middle of the floor again. He then put it ou the hearth, bnt it wriggled on to the arpet Then he lost patience, and said, " Well, all right, if you want to lie there, why, do so." And there the blower lay. On the previous night, in the adjoining dining-room, there was a curious performance by an easy chair, which weighs about 40 lbs. The chair had not ban moved during the evening; while other chairs were misconducting themselves in the maddest way. Mr. Bayley, getting tired and sleepy, arid, " Well, I'm going to bed, and I won't get np again if the tide of the house tumbles in." Scarcely had he uttered thea rash words when this big chair, wMch stood near the door, rose slowly into the air until it was half way be tween the floor and the ceiling and then began to spin round, slowly at first, but fester and fester as it gained centrifugal £mms iinfil tn laea ftian a minnta if wan revolving and humming like a top, and eo fest that its shape was indistinguish able. It stopped, came down plump to the floor, and did not move again. Next day Mr. Clark and Mr. Bayley tried, but felled, to make the chair turn sb fast as it had done when one was touching it Early in the morning Miss Clark, wearied out; was going upstairs to her bedroom, when a basket of silver ware, weighing about 261b., came flying at her from the top of a email bureau which stood at the hod of the attire. . The basket fell at her fat; and only one tiling in the basket was at all injured — a small vase, wMch was dented. Soon afterwards a box of coti standing ou a landing leaped over the banister and came tumbling downstairs. The wMte wall was marked by the coals. In Mr. Oxland's bedroom, where several persons were waiting for a recurrence of the phenomena, Mia Clark said, " Well, if they are coming again, I wish they'd come, for I'm getting sleepy." Instantly one of .the chairs jumped from the floor on the bed. Soon afterwards Mr. Oxland took his watch out and laid it on the bed. In an instant the watch was carried to another part of the room, and laid on a chair. 'With a great crash in another part of the house, a door, wMch had been locked and bolted, was taken off its hinges and placed against the banisters. No one saw this done. On the second night, when a chair came bounding over the stair rails, and, -after striking against the wall, landed at the bottom of the stairs uninjured, Mr. Clark went to the " Republican Convention," and invited some of Ms friends to come and witnea thea strange performances for themselves. Mr. Sherman (Assistant United States Treasurer), Colonel J. B. Howard, a lawyer, and two or three other gentlemen, accepted the invitation, the party at talking for an honr, and nothing unnButi happened. The visitors rose to lave about nine o'clock. As they left the dining-room another chair came ova the banisters When the party standing in the ball looked np the' stairs they aw a large " upholstered" chair wMch stood at the head of the stairs come slowly forward, as if it was abont to descend. When it got to the top of the stairs, however, it stopped ; then it put the forelegs down one step, but drew them np again like a dog hesitating to go down some dangerous place. Finally the chair "trotted" back to its accustomed place. One of the chain in the parlour made a slight de monstration, which, however, scarcely excited any attention, so much had the inmates of the house become accustomed to see more violent gymnastic perform ances. The reporter subsequently inter viewed Mr. Sherman, who corroborated Mr. Clark's statement as to the things he had seen. Mr. Clark wa-% ho said, an'jJmnnnrotA-, -- trucnial man, .'wholly "incapable of trickery or deceit of any kind. Mr. Sherman pointed -out that .there strange "manifestations " had oc curred inevety room in the house except the room of the rick lady and Mr. Clark's own room, in which Ms little boy sleeps. This, as the assistant treasurer said, may signify nothing, and it may signify a grot deal Mr. Clark said he had at first tried to keep the affair from getting into the newspapers; but as ah account, notwithstanding, was published, he thought it best to give every facility for public examination. Accordingly, on the morning of the fourth day, he telegraped to the reporter of the Chrotdde to come over and bring his Mends. The third night's work had been too much for the nerves of Mr. Clark's family, and they quitted the house on the afternoon of the fourth day. Some of the events of third . night were very strange. A party of gentlemen had assembled at the house. They had been sitting in the parlour for an hour, and, nothing having occurred, Dr. Eells was about to lave, when three tremendous thumps were heard on the dining-room floor. " There they are," said Mr. Clark; and he and Dr. Eells, followed by the rat of the company, rushed towards the diniiig- rooin. The momeat they got into the hail Or. Eells cried out, "Ere that chair 1" aud- they raw the chair that had shown so much vacillation on the previous night, spinning at the had of the stairs like b top. Going to the dining-room and then to the rear of the house, they made a critical examination of the pas- age-way underneath the house, bnt the entrance was securely bolted and barred. About fifteen minutes after the return of the party to the parlour the bells all over the honse began to ring, and a little silver gong in the china closet gave out a succession of sounds that could be heard all over the house. As the party went towards the dining-room, two boxes (one a hat-box) and a basket came flying over the banister from npstairs, and a moment afterwards the big chair came down with a force that shook the whole house. Dr. Eells had by this time seen enough, and took his hat and said " Good-night" to the party. Not long afterwards a heavy mahogany bureau standing on the lauding upstairs fell forward, and re mained with its face resting on the banisters. The drawers Blid half-way out, and the glare was detached, but nothing was broken. The bureau was righted, and fay his daughter's ad via Mr. Clark put the big chair that had gone downstairs in front of the burrau to keep it from felling again, but no sooner was the chair placed agaio&t; the bureau than it flew downstairs again, 'and this time, one of the legs being broken, Mr. Clark carried it out to the wood-shed and left it there. The furni ture in the rooms occupied by Mr. Ox land and Mr. Bayley was moving abont in the most eccentric way. Chairs and tables went marching abont the rooms, and books and boxes were thrown down. Sleep bring out of the question, Mr. Ox land got up and came downstairs, closing his door after him. Mr. Bayley, lying on his bed with the door open, could see the door of Mr. Oxland's room, and he declared that it was never open. Yet a large trunk, weighing nearly 2001b., belonging to Mr. Oxland, and wMch stood in Ms bed-room, containing books, prints, canvas, palettes, and print- brashes, was thrown downstairs. In its flight it knocked a hole in the wall, and broke a rail ont of the banisters, and fell, a mare of splinters, at the foot of the stairs. This last eriiibition of the power of the spirits " tMnned out " the watching power, and all, with the excep tion of two gentlemen named Palmer and Colonel Yeraon, left. Mr. Clark confessed that he was getting nervous. Bayley and Oxland had retired to get; if possible, a little rest. Mr. Clark and his threfe friends at smoking in the dining-room, talking in low tones so as not to disturb those who were npstairs; when suddenly a long, wild, ahriil scream sounded through the house. The ay- was so unearthly that it frightened even the men, and the poor girl was nearly in hysterics; and, fancying that she had seen a strange white fece, with open month and staring eyes, a of a woman in agony, die implored her father to take her away from the house: The scream unnerved all, and though there was neither sound nor disturbance of any kind in the house after thfe noise, Mr. Clark and his family left the honse on the following day. The next night a large party, among whom were several spiritualists and " mediums," assembled to watch, but they were not rewarded for their pains by any more eccentric behaviour ou the part of the furniture ; and although one of the mediums fried to open communications with the deni zens of spiritland, the spirits would not come when they were called. It is note worthy that when the invalid lady and the little boy left the honse the "spirit" manifestations ceased. The report of the committee is looked for with much interest It would have been more ratis- factory if the watching party had pro posed, instead of sitting together in one room, to separate; and each keep watch in a different room, so that every room and place in the house might have been under inspection at the same time. 