THE REVELATION SERMON. According to out desire, Freeman has given us an out-line of the grand . four thousand lecture of Dr. Vaughan, on "Visions and Revelations." It fully bears out all that we had heard of this gentle- man'sscholarlypeculiarity — empty nothing- ness. He took for.his text, ." I will come to the visions and revelations of the Lord:" but as usual he never came to them. During the hour's harangue he never once touched upon , the , text ! Towards the close, when he had declaimed upon every thing but the thing in 'hand, repeating the text he said, " But I will come' to the visions and revelations of the Lord and then he darted off at a tangent, with this most remarkable and characteristic an- nouncement— "TVita is typical of ths visions . and rcveldtiont believed' in by the Catholic Church !" What followed about Aquinas, John of the Cross, Theresa, and the Lou vain Doctor, must have been like a pill to those senseless Protestants who sat at the Coadjutor's, feet, to hear him, as a great Gospel light; insult their common sensfe, by retailing to them as truth the .greatest impostures which were ever known.,' " To come to the visions and revelations of the Lord," Dr. 'Vaughan thought it necessary to set out with a proof that there is a spiritual world and that men have souls ! The way in which he proved this was — " that the Old and New Testaments prove it unless the Lord deceived us ; that Pagan nations, which believe in the exist ence of spirits, prove it ; and then psychco- logically, because it is a spirit within us, a soul, which says 'I,' and not the body." Whatever is to be said of the line of proof we do not believe that any one was or could be convinced by the way in which the lecturer handled it. We ot course believe that the Old and New Testaments distinctly teach the doctrine of an unseen world; but why should Dr. Vaughan refer to the teaching of Scripture, since, according to Dr. Vaughan's church, the Scriptures teach nothing unless as ex plained by the church. As it is the church which testifies to the Scripture, and as it is the church which alone is authoiized to interpret the Scripture, it is really not the Scriptures but the church which tells us anything about an unseen world ; and as to this, we confess that the Protestant or the .Pagan who will accept' the "Church of Rome," as the proof of an .unseen world, must; be easily satisfied with logic and evidence. The idea; too, that an unseen world is proved bj' the fact that all Pagan tiflnnl no n u -un o i n emwfe nrirl Mi o f UUTU CV MvilVl AAA J-UOj tUAU VA1WU those who have travelled among them " have seen wonders performed by their wise men and sopthsayers and those who were supposed to have communion with the spirits below -all this is too much for us ; we caiinot appreciate the bearing of air this verbiage on the "visions and revelations of the Lord." The psychological argument — " I think —I am conscious — therefore I exist " — is true enough ; but what then 1 It is quite true that "God has placed within our heart sympathy with an unseen world;" but what then 1 Will such an argument be in any way helped by the folly and fatality in which such menus Rousseau and Napoleon believed 1 But the pertinency of all this learned waste of words to the statement of the text is se far off and infinitesimally small, that one feels the need of a very powerful glass for telescopic and micro scopic application. The next part of the leetufe, which is supposed - to be the application of the principles -just "proved," will give our readers a fair specimen of Dr. Vaugluin's peculiar talent for rhodomontade as reason ing : — (We quote from Freeman.) ."Where are we to go now? If there is an unseen: world and spirits with which we may have to deal, I should say, let. me go to that \- religion which is the largest, the purest, the most united — the ' religion where we find the most intellectual men. I find the Roman Catholic Church on one hand with its 250,000,000 of souls, and the Russian Church with 70,000,000, the latter believing in the same doc trine as the former, with the exception of un belief in the Pope as Supreme Pontiff and the double procession, that is, they do not hold that the Holy Spirit proceeds from the Son as well as the Father. . With these exceptions the Russian and Roman Catholic Churches are com pletely one. They teach the same kind of mystical doctrine respecting the other world ; and if I were a men believing in spirits. I would go to them and find out what they teach ? The Roman Catholic and Russian Churches teach there is one God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost surrounded by an incredible number of blessed spirits," &c.; It was candid for the lecturer to recall himself from his maze by exclaiming,, " Where are we to go now V' But the Dr.'s " going " is really amusing . as a Master's application of. great truths ! Says he, If there be an unseen world and spirits with whom we may have to deal, I should say, let me go to that religion which is the largest, the purest, the most united — the religion where I find the most intellec tual men." One would think that a reasonable being, convinced by the proofs, would go in a different direction from this indicated' by Dr. Vaughan. A man con vinced that he has a soul, convinced that all peoples, "even Pagan ones, believe, in spirits, and, especially convinced that "the Old and New Testaments" have both1 external and internal evidence, certain, vm- mistakeable and convincing, of the descent of the Spiiit of God, and that this world is but a short path to a future life " would undoubtedly, as a sensible man; "go" to the Old rand -New Testaments and ask them what they had to say on the subject. "No," says Dr. Vaughan, "he would go to that religion whiclj is largest, .Ac., to find out what it teaches !" Why 1 because f j f « ' Dr. Vaugljn' 'knows -quite; well that his church does not allow any one to interpret Scripture but itself ; and therefore while he says that the . Testaments are able to convince by their external and internal evidence that there is an unseen World, the convinced perspir must not go to them to ask what, they say and mean, for that would be to exercise " private judgment ;" but lie must go to the largest church to be led by it; but surely if one's "private judgment " has; been sufficient to bring a man to see in the Scriptures the proof of an unseen world (" unless the Lord has deceived us !") and if a man's private judgment be sufficient to bring him to the "largest and purest church, "surely it ought to be sufficient to ask the Testaments, " What say yef about this unseen world ?" Truth has never yet been decided by the majorities. Two hundred and fifty millions of Romanists don't prove that seventy-six millions of Greeks are wrong, or that they are less pure, or that tliey are less united, or that they are feebler in intellectual men. When the Christian Church con sisted of only one hundred and fifty in an upper room, those 150 were right and all the millions beyond were wrong. But Dr; Vaughan's attempt to soften the differences between the Romish and Greek churches ought to get for him the rebuke of Dr. Polding and the admonition of Pope Pius. He made them appear to be very near, with the exception of the supremacy of the Pope and the procession of the Holy Spiiit. Dr. Vaughan in this states what is not true. He is either ignor ant or deceiving. There are more and equally serious differences between these t wo churches. For example the Greek Church does not believe in the ' Immaculate con- AonfiAH " linf f lia "DaiyiibIi nimitoK nil kqqo j uuu vuu jliil/uugu vliulvu every one to eternal pei'dition who will not believe that blasphemous dogma ! But suppose that the two points mentioned ai-e the only two differences, does not Pius doom all Greeks and Protestants to per dition who deny liis blasphemy, and scorn liis blasphemous assumption of infalli bility 1 But what is the meaning of this non sensical allusion to churches 1 Why, this : — Dr. Vaughan, knowing that nobody would ever think of setting out to Russia to aslc the Greek Church there about the unseen world, sums up wondrous logic thus : — " Let us look out then for those who have the promise that the gates of hell shall never prevail against them " — the Catholic Church ! The assertion that the Catholic Church never believes in a vision without a miracle, and that there are those in the church who can distinguish a true from a false revelation, and that he had seen some person with the sigmata of the wounds of Christ, from which blood flowed, and that the wretched impostures of the saints, holy coats, winking pictures, and sweating statues — all which the church believes ; the assertion, we say, that the pretended revelations and visions which the church approves are true, ought to be put down as a proof that the capacity of the lecturer is very great in the way of accepting' and digesting "fable." On reflection, the Roman Catholics who will read what they heard, ought to be ashamed; and the "great effect " of the sermon on the silly Protest ants present, ought to be, to make them never visit St. Mary's again, and render them even more grateful that they are not fed on such miserable verbiage as Gospel preaching in Protestant churches. We imagine that by this time Mr. Hicks, the Inspector , of the schools in:' the Goulburn District, has received the thanks of every intelligent Protestant in the coun try, for liis exposure of the priestly teach ing which was being practised in the Provi sional Schools in his quarter. No doubt he roused the ire of Priest Dunne. He also put Freeman into such a rage that the sapient editor, thereof reached at a bound the climax of his malignity, " Oh, Mr. Hicks is an Orangeman." But he has also done what is far better, that is, proved to the whole colony that the present educa tional plain is liable to be abused for denominational and sectarian pui-poses. But while Mr. Hicks lias discharged his duty, fearlessly and well, not, as Freeman supposed, under the : influence of the Orange lodge and the Orange "Bible," but under the influence of honest endeavour to carry' out the act of Parliament, the ques tion arises, How comes it that it -fell to his lot to unearth in one quarter 'so much of Popish deceit and treachery 1 He was a new Inspector in the district. How comes it . that the former Inspector' saw nothing of this? Was Mr. Hicks more sharp than Mr. Mclntyre had been,? Was Mr. Mclntyre more easy and con fiding ? It 'woulds: appear so!;, probably Mr. Mclntyre took the word of the sisters, andthe -word of Father Dunne, for granted, while Mr. Hicks did , his duty of examin ing for himself. There must have been some- hobnobbing somewhere, while the "virgin and the priest" were ruling the . school; for how otherwise is .it to be credited that the new: Inspector should discover all over the district the grossest and ihost systematic violation of the pro visions of the Public Schools's Act 1 We honor Mr. Hicks; but we now forewarn him, that mischief will follow him in the Goulburn district. Father Dunne is a man who believes in the principle of "hunt ing out." He knows many ways, and .he has many confederates, for " hunting out." Goulburn is not a very famous place for the treatment of Inspectors who do not quite please the Priest. We re member ; something about a; previous Inspector to whom Goulburn priestcraft was not very favourable. But the times have changed. The Protestant Standard has not been flying for the last six years for nothing. Once an Orange lodge dared not be opened in Goulburn because of Father Dunne and his boys ; but two now defy him. Once a Protestant meeting would have been hooted down in Goul burn by the lambs of Father Dunne, who never raise a noise and never throw stones; hut now Orange tea-meetings and anniver saries have been held in spite of those lambs. And, once upon a time, scarcely .a reader could be found for our Protestant paper, .in Goulburn, lest at the post office, or by the post carriers, the fact should be known, and the windows or business of tradesmen should be affected. We trust, therefore, th at Mr. Hicks will realize that he cannot be really injured by the threatnings : of the priest. Let him be faithful— let hiin.be impartial — let him honour above nil things conscience and principle — and the wretched trimming of peace lovers, and the equally wretched growlings of priests will be his best commendation. At Windsor, on the 14th of the present month, a "great trial" took place in the police court. Mr. Martin sued Mr. George Davies because that he, Davies, called him, Martin "a Papist." It appears that Martin was ridiculing Davies fori auction eering some kerosene by the pound ; where upon Davies interjected these words, "Good-bye, Mr. Papist." Mr. Martin, being a Romanist, felt his dignity hurt by being alluded to as a " Papist," and there fore he sought the intervention of the Gourc, and complained to the justices that the language was "insulting." The justices on the bench were Mi. M'Quade, a Romanist, and Mr. Johnstone, a Protest ant. The case then proceeded, and the Complainant having stated his complaint wished the bench to understand that the word " Papist " was an insult and a term of reproach, and that if he could have got hold of the defendant he would not have troubled the court, for he would have taken the law into his own hand. He repeated, that he considered the term " Papist " as a scurrilous reproach to his religion. Mr. M'Quade, on the bench, .asked if there were not a " certain class of people called Orangemen " who used the term "Papist" as an insult; the com plainant, of course, answered " Yes ;" but when Mr. Johnstone, on the bench, asked if complainant ever heard an " Orange man insult a Roman Catholic," the com plainant was ordered by his lawyer not to answer the question ! Mr. Johnstone then asked why complainant considered the term. " Papist " to be insulting 1 but here again the complainant's lawyer told him not to answer the question. Mr. -Johstone then said, "If he," complainant, " refuses to answer my question, and gives no reason why he considers the term " Papist " as applied to a Catholic to he insulting, I decline to go on with the case." But the lawyer proposed that Mr. John stone should " step into the box and swear that the term was not an insult." Mr. Johstone then offered to leave the decision of the question to two other magistrates who were in court ; but the lawyer objected to this also. The defendant then wished to know if "the word Papist as ; addressed to a follower of the Pope could be insulting ?" and he offered if their, wor ships thought the word insulting to call witnesses to prove that it was not used in the sense imputed. The case was dis missed ; and the Romish paper of the little niade a great ado about the injustice of the Protestant magistrate." Ihe complainant was well served ; a fool iand his money are soon parted. His !7er co®t him something ; and his loss of time at the court was dear fun. It was surely a most reasonable request that the .complainant , or his "lawyer" should , prove that the word "Papist" is an insult reproach? But no, the ''learned lawyer ' wanted the bench to " swear that it was' not ?' ' The Romish magistrate was content to ask the complainant " if cer tain people called Orangemen." used the term as an insult, and because the com plainant said " yes," ' this was evidently considered by Mr. M'Quade and the "famous lawyer " satisfactory proof of the case. It was a blessing that so sensible a magistrate as Mr. Johnstone was there to say that that wasno proof at all, and to spoil the little game which evidently would have been played if lie had been absent. The defendant may have used the word as an insulting name, as any . name, even the name " Catholic " might be used in an in sulting manner. For . example, Mr. M'Quade might be called an ex-publican, and Mr. Neilson a limb of the law, and Mi\ Martin a printer and a Catholic, in an insulting manner ; but if the Windsor Court is to set up as a "court of manners" it ought to have considered Mr. Martin's sneer about the defendant " selling kerosene by the pound," and in that case too the Romish magistrate might in due time be indicted to answer for referring to the Orangemen as a " certain class" and charging them with insulting Roman Catholics by calling them " Papists !" We decline to notice these questions of " manners," and we ask the very proper question of Mr. Johnstone, " Is there any reason for the allegation that the term Papist is a scurrilous reproach against the religion of a Roirian Catholic 1" We affirm that the proper name of one who follows the Pope, and believes in the infallible authority of the Pope, is "Papist." The Pope is, in his own language, "Papa." Unquestionably, therefore, those who believe in him are Papists, just as those who are following " Don Carlos " are called " Carlists." Of course, the followers of the Pope wish to be called " Catholics ;" but as this term is not true, as it implies the very thing which every Protestant denies, as it concedes the very point which is in dispute, it is necessary that they should jn-etend to be insulted by the term Papist, in order to get the name which appears more respectable. But it is ominous that the believers in the Pope should be ashamed of the name of Pajnsts. Once upon a time they accepted the term and thought it not only harmless, but true. It is the correct name for them. If they will give us another which truly expresses the fact that Papa is .their head, arid which does not imply any concession of principle on our. part, we have no objection to use that other ; but until then Ave deny that they are Catholics ; we deriy that they are Itoman Catholics, and we affirm, not as an insult, but as :the bare, , expression of the fact — " they are Papists." It is no uncommon fact for Freenian to cut his fingers when he attempts to handle that dangerous weapon for Romish apolo gists to touch — .the sword of the Spirit. The last instance is very remarkable. He has recently been talking a great deal about the attempt of " the secularists " to exclude religion from the primary schools. He has indulged in the most uncharitable surmising against those who wish to do away with the denominational principle, and to establish a principle which will be uniform, like that of the Public school system. Every kind of argument he has advanced to show that the new system must be godless and injurious. The poor children are to he wronged if they do not get denominational schools. Theymustgrow up in irreligion if they have not teachers who will teach the catechism of the differ ent churches. And, alas, never shall they hear a Avord about the " divine Jesus " if the schools should be deprived of their pater nosters and Popish copy lines ! But last Saturday Freeman went further than usual and actually quoted Scripture ! And what passage think you ? Why this — the words Avhich Moses enjoined upon" Israel respecting the family reading and universal study of God's Holy Word : — " These words , which I command thee this- day shall be in thine heart, and thou shalt teach them diligently to thy children, and shall talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and Avhen thou walkest by the way, and Avhen thou risest up. And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hands, and they shall he as frontlets betAveen thine eyes, and thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house, and upon thy gates." This passage Freeman commends to all minister's — Protestant minister's — who Avish Public schools ; and it is to be considered by .them as an emphatic proof that denominational schools are the right thing, according to Scripture! But see how Freeman cuts his finger's and brings the blood when he touches Scrip ture. The passage quoted is not only a settler as condemning the procedure of the Romish, Church with respect to God's written Word, but it is totally subversive of the, principle ;upon which denomina tional schools rest. Every Protestant believes in this passage.1 Every Protest ant wishes to carry out the teaching of this passage. No Romanist ever did, ever does, ®r ever will do what the passage enjoins. And if it were done, especially by the Romanists, there would be no room at all for denominational schools. Let the people know the Word of God as this pas sage enjoins ; let them know it so well that they shall teach their' children it night and day — at morning and evening prayer ; and where, then would Popery be which prohibits srrch vulgar reading and use of the Word of God? And where Avould be the need for denominational schools ? But Popery will reply, all parents are not able to teach the Word of God. Does not this sound something like a reflection upon God? And Avho is chiefly responsible for the ignorance and imbecility of the people ? And where is the authority in these words, when the parents are ignorant from whatever catise, for the State to set up contradictory schools to teach the peculiarities of contradictory religions at the public expense ? The Bible teaching in the passage quoted by Freeman is clearly this — " Religions education is a family concern ;" but Popery knows nothing of such family religion. " Go to the priest it says ; go to the chapel ; don't I'ead the Bible but the catechism of the church ; the Bible is a difficult and danger ous book, not fit for laymen to handle, and far less fit for parents to teach." And then, Avhen, by withholding the Bible from its people, parents and children are brutish in their ignorance, Popery has the im pudence to quote Scripture, which enjoins family religious training, as a plea for so- called denominational schools ! The contradiction of Scripture and Popery is strikingly seen when Romanists in their affection are speaking flatteringly of their dying or dead friends. The follow ing instance from New Zealand comes to us. A priest there, named Father Norris, died ; and, of course, according to the Romish accounts, he Avas a " good shep herd," and so amiable, exemplary and able a priest that his death is lamented as a " chastening of the Lord." Then the fol lowing comes : — "His health gave way, and after a Ariolent and painful illness of a few days, he passed peacefully to his rest, and, as Ave may piously nope, to his eternal reAvard. His last moments were passed as became a faithful minister of Christ. He received the Sacrament of Extreme Unction ; but on account of a difficulty in swallowing, and the unstability of his stomach, the Blessed Sacrament was not administered to him. 'Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord.' — K.I.P." Noav, let us risk our Roman Catholic friends to look at the contradictory state ments in this quotation — statements which totally destroy their Romanism, and which tell that the yearning of the spirit after the consolation of the Gospel proves their Popery to be false. For example, this good priest is said to have passed " peace fully away to his rest." But if " Puvga- tory " be true, it was not to rest that he passed away, but to the tei'rible flames of a fire as " tormenting as the fire of hell," only not so enduring ! Poor Father Norris may welter in the flames of Purgatory for a thousand years ; and yet the Popish paper says that he has passed to his rest peacefully ! Then the "pious hope" is expressed, that he has gone to his reward. But how contradictory of this " pious hope " is the alleged torture in Purgatory for an unknown period ? and how absurd too in connexion Avith months' mind and other masses for the " repose " of the souls of the dead ? It is said that the priest received " extreme unction," which is said to " fortify the soul " for its passage to Purgatory ; but then think of the awful state of this very good priest — " he died without the blessed sacrament !" Is it not the doctrine of the Romish Church that " except ye eat the wafer ye have no life in you 1" Father Norris, then, had no life in him Avhen he passed away ! But it is said, that he .did not receive the blessed sacrament because of a " difficulty in swallowing," and because his " stomach vomited." Alas, that the salvation of a " good priest " should depend on his ability to swallow ! Alas that the stomach vomiting up the wafer may deny to the soul eternal life ! The Scripture makes no allowance for bad " swallowing " and " instability of stomach " — " except ye eat — except." In the Bible, salvation never depends upon throat or stomach ; but Popery has to provide for the most awful contingencies because she will per sist in saying that ; the wafer is Jesus Christ! How -horrible the notion — swallowing Jesus Christ. Hoav horrible 'ffie. 'notion-f-the stomach vomiting; out 'Jesus Christ ! ' And yet again, how much more horrible still, Jesus Christ withheld from a dying man, because Jesus Christ, soul, body; and divinity, might stick in hi throat, or, when received into the stomach, Jesus Christ might make the stomach side to vomiting ! Such frightful blasphemy is truly degrading, and far worse than the pollution of the heathen: Then, all this is closed with a passage of Scripture,. "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord " The passage is falsely quoted and wickedly mutilated. ; But how can a Romanist be " happy " when he dies, since then his deepest misery begins — miseries which may last for untold ages ! The next part of the " Little Treasury of Indulged prayers" is the " Rosary oif the blessed sacrament.". Our readers will understand that the " blessed sacrament " is the little Avafer which the priests teach their people to believe is not flour andl Avater,' but the " real living bread " — the very body, blood, flesh, nerves, bonea soul and divinity of Jesus Christ — that very body which hung on the cross — and that very body which now is in heaven. If any one denies that the wafer is "flesh" the priests say that it is flesh. If any one denies that there is "blood" in it, the priests assert that there i not only blood, but all the blood, and the very blood which J esus received from Maty, and shed on the, cross. If any one denies that there are bones and nerves in that little wafer, the priests affirm that there are not only bones arid nerves hut all the bones and nex-ves Avhich Jesus had when He died and rose from the dead. If any one says that it looks like flour and Avater, or a little bit of bread, and tastes like bread, and smelln like bread, and feels like bread, the priests say that all our senses are mistaken. If any one proposes to submit the wafer to chemical analysis and prove that it is .neither flesh nor blood nor bones, but only bread, the priests say that chemical analysis is false. If any one proposes to leave the Avafer for a week or a fortnight in any exposed place, that the air may tell what it is ; and as it certainly will become mouldy and putrid within that time, just as bread Avill do, the priests say that it is only the " species," that is; the appearam.ee which becomes corrupted ! A great wonder and mystery, indeed — an appearance becoming mouldy and putrid ! If any one proposes to leave the wafer in the way of a mouse, Avhich never touches " flesh " nor " blood ;" and it is certain that the mouse will run off with it and eat it; the priests will affirm that the mouse is mistaken, and that it runs off with only the " species " or appearance, and eats only an appearance, for, say they, it is not bread, but really flesh and blood ! Foolish mouse! to run off with a species, and eat a species, and be nourished by a species ! Of all the wonders and absurdities ever submitted to man's or mouse's judgment, this of the wafer is the most degrading ; yet the priests say, that the greater the absurdity the more conspicuous and meritorious is the "divine faith " by which it is believed? "We really pity our Roman Catholic people avIio thus are mocked and deceived by a jugglery which is beneath contempt. But, never mind that just now. The little Treasury tells "the faithful" to pray to that " blessed sacrament ;" and it promises so many days of indulgence from the misery of Purgatory for themselves or their dead friends if they will repeat so many prayers to this blessed wafer. For example, if they will say to it — "I con stantly adore thee, 0 living bread come down from hea/ven," & c., they will get two hundred days indulgence ! Again, if they will say, " May all know thee, and con tinually adore and thank thee in the most holy, most divine sacrament," they will get one hundred days. The confusion which here occurs is evidence that an effort is needed even for a Romanist to keep to the absurdity of the wafer being actually Christ. The prayer is addressed to the wafer as Christ, and yet the language is, May all know thee and adore thee, in the most holy, most divine sacra ment. If the wafer be really Christ, and the wafer be the blessed sacrament, what is the meaning of any. one knowing and adoring Christ in Christ ? The expression " most diAdne " is mere mouthing. Nobody ever heard of Christ being " most divine." He is divine both least and most, or not at all. Pagans had degrees in divinity; and it is quite clear that " most divine " is of Pagan origin. Yet, for repeating this trash under the notion that it is prayer, tne faithful are to get one hundred days release from the pains of Purgatory ! Again, ' here is a specimen o f prayer and poetry in one, and if it be said, not on the cross, not on the small beads of the rosary, hut on the large ones, a great indulgence Avill be given to the dead or living :-r-' " " 0 sacrament most holy. O. sacrament divine, j All praise and all thanksgiving Be every uio.neut thine." 3&e; poetry of this is no doubt very eleva ting ! It is doubtless, good enough to be given to a wafer. But it is a strange fact, if that little wafer be, Christ— the really living Christ— the divine Almighty Christ, who has a right to all praise and thanks giving, that he needs to be taken care of and locked up in a pyx lest any one should touch Him, or the wind should blow Him away ! Yet, if men and women, on bended knee, will repeat these lines of wretched poetry, they will be able to.send a hundred days rest in Purgatory to any friend who happens to.be there, or the hundred, days will be put to their own credit against the time of their getting there themselves! Again, if on the small beads , these words be said, another hundred days will be got — " Heart of Jesus in the most holy sacra ment, teach us how to pray." Now, if the aaerament be Jesus Himself, why should the heart of Jesus be asked to teach pray- era 1 Imagine the absurdity in this — the little wafer is said to be most divine ; it is said to deserve all praise and all thanks giving, every moment ; and yet here the heart in it is singled out as much more qualified to teach and jnray than the bones and nerves in it ; suppose, therefore, that the heart doe3 teach to pray, what praise or thanks will be given to it for so great a service, since all praise and all thanks giving have been given to the bones and .nerves and the rest of it as a wholel Sensible people ought to be ashamed of sueh trash ; religion and sacred things are turned into contempt when such folly as thisiscalled "acceptable prayer." Again, if the faithful say, "O adorable heart of Jesus, burning furnace of divine love, ' receive my soul into thy most sacred wound, that in this school of charity I may learn to make a return of love," &c.;, they will get one hundred days indulgence once a day ! The thoughts in this so-called prayer are poor and drivelling. Imagine Christ's heart in the wafer being a " burn ing furnace of love imagine " my soul " being received into the " sacred wound " of that " burning furnace;" and imagine, again, that sacred wound of a burning furnace" being a "school of chaiity" for souls ! If Dr. . Vaughan be one of the '"superiors" who gave "permission" for the publication of such indulgenced non sense, called prayers, he surely cannot feel comfortable in his new dignity as head of St John's College-- the whole thing would be an affront to the smallest provisional school in the country. 