A Struggle with a Maniac. AtWorship- street, onThursday, EmmaKnel ler, of respectable appearance, was .brought up, on remand, charged with attempting to murder Ann Cleves, and further with attempt ing to commit suicide. The prisoner, who seemed very weak and ill, was allowed a seat in the dock. The prosecutrix said that she had been acting as nurse to the prisoner dur ing her husband's absence, tho prisoner having for some time been suffering from nervous and mental ailment, rendering it unsafe for her to be left On the afternoon of Monday, the 2nd of March, witness was staying with the prisoner, and she had complained greatly of the pains in her head and general suffering. She was advised to lie down (she was in bed), and consented to do so if witness would lie down with her. She did so, and fell asleep. In about hilf an hour she was awakened by being attacked by the prisoner, who had then by some means possessed herself of a carving knife, with which she struck at her several times. Witness caught up a chair and struck the prisoner with it twice to compel her to drop the knife, but the prisoner seized her by the hair of the head, and threw her backwards on the bed. She then struck at her head and throat several times with the knife, and after a long struggle with the prisoner witness be came exhausted and fell upon the floor. The prisoner threw heiself upon her, and continued striking at her with the knife. Witness re ceived wounds on the head and face, and on tha throat Her hands were also much cut bv trying to grasp the knife and prevent the blows taking effect. She screamed ' Mur der I' and ' Help !' and some men at length burst into the room and took the prisoner away. — Benj. Pitmau, residing in Cardigan road, Bow, said- that on the afternoon of the 2nd of March, he was attracted by the cries of ' Murder !' proceeding from the house, 24 Cardigan-road. The door was closed, so that he and other men, who hnd also heard the cries, could, not enter; but one man passed through an adjoining house, and by climbing over the garden wall obtained entrance at the back door, anJ admitted witness and others. The cries of alarm still continued, and witness with .a man named Joiner rushed upstairs to a back room on the first floor, where they tried to enter, but found that something on the in side prevented the door being opened. With some exertion the door was partly opened, and on looking inside the prisoner was seen kneel ing on Mrs. Cleves, hacking at her throat with a knife. The door was then forced in, the two women being pushed away with it. Witness from having only one hand coulil only pull the prisoner off the prosecutrix. In doing so she dropped the knife, but instantly snatched it up again, and made a plunge at her own throat with it. The. knife wa* then wrested rom her, the prisoner, however, attempting to tear open with 'her nails the wound she had caused in her throat. She was held, but broke away and rushed into the adjoining room, where she seized the poker from the fireplace and tried to force the pointed end of that into the wound. Eventually they succeeded in strapping her into a chair, and holding her down until a constable came. She only ex claimed ' Death 1 death !' the whole time. The prosecutrix was bleeding freely from the face, throat, and hands, and the prisoner was also much injured. The medical evidence showed that the prisoner was undoubtedly in sane at the time, and Mr. Bushby committed her for trial at the Central Criminal Court, bail being refused. Horrible Brutality. — At Fenton, in the Staffordshire Potteries, on Friday, two men who had been drinking together quarrelled and adjourned to a field to fight. They fought dog fashion — i.e., with their teeth. One of them had his under-lip bitten clean off und received other serious injuries. He lies in the North Staffordshire Infirmary in a precarious coudition. The other man has absconded. Several companions witnessed the combat, but did nothing to stop it. A Slave to Alcohol. — The ancient city of Chester has just furnished a .remarkable illustration of the way in which our vaunted liquor laws work Hannah Payne was found dead on the step of a spirit-bar in the city, and at the coroner's inpucst which was held on her remains it came out that this wretched ghost and wreck of all true womanhood had been convicted of disorderly drunkencss one hun dred und thirteen times. The verdict referred death to heart disease, but it may very properly be regarded as her hundred and fourteenth conviction for being drunk and incapable. A local authority has calculated that this ' ofiscouring ' of the gin-palace has spent more than half her life between the workhouse and the gaol, at a cose to the ratepayers of. some thing like £600 1 Therein is a text that needs no acrmon or a sermon that needs no appli cation. — Newcastle Chronicle (England.) A Novelty in Engines. — We live in an age of inventions, and in spite of what has been accomplished in past periods, it seems we have not reached the ultimatum of man's powers ; intellect is, therefore, not decaying. A new engine has been constructed, the novelty being that it emits no smoke or steam, and makes little noise. The engine used steam at 500lbs. to the square inch, and maintained this, pressure by natural draught without any difficulty ; in fact, it worked half the time with the draught doors closed. The eneine is comnound. and exnands the steam to the most ?conon.ical limits, and then condenses it by means of two air surface con densers placed on either side of the machine. The boiler was inspected by the Belgian Go vernment engineers, and proved 2,800 lbs. water pressure per square inch, and pronounced it a perfect piece of work. The engine can be driven from either end, all the gear being duplicate, to obviate the necessity of turn tables. The engine accomplished a speed of fifteen miles per hour drawing its full loads up gradients varying from one in two hundred, to one in eighty, and w'as pro nounced by all to be a machine likely to work a complete revolution in the use of steam. — Weekly Despatch, May 17. A Liverpool Ship Burnt at Sea. The ship Maorsfort, 1,100 tons register, owned by Messrs. W. and T?- Wright, Of r.iyrpunl. from Shields to Bombay with coal for the Peninsular and Oriental Com pany's service, was burnt at sea on the 6th of April.' When discovered to be on fire every effort was made by the captain to save the ship, but finding that there was no pros pect of getting at the fire, the hatches were battened, all ventilation stopped, and prepara tions made for the worst. The hatches were eventually blown off, and a tremendous explos ion followed, accompanied by an immense volume of flame, which towered above the hatchway. Another explosion having oc curred, the ill-fated vessel became a mass of flame. The boats were launched as quickly as possible, and a few articles belonging to the crew were hurriedly placed in them. The boats remained by the ship until the next day, when a sail appeared fifteen miles distant from the wreck. She turned out to be the Dutch barque Krimpen Aandelek, the cap tain of which consented to take the rescued crew on board and land them at the Cape of Good Hope. At the time of the arrival of help the masts of the Moorsfort were burnt to the deck, and her cargo was burning fnriously. The vessel was finally abandoned in latitude 27'30 S., and longitude 7330 E, When last seen she continued to float, and was giving out an immense volume of fire and smoke. — Weekly Despatch. A Yonthful Murderer. — The New York Herald of the 26th April reports that on the previous Wednesday the body of a boy four years of age was found by the water side, in Soutb Boston, bleeding from a multitude of wounds. There were 18 stabs in the region of the heart. The hands were cut, as if in the little fellow's attempt to ward off the blows of .the murderer. The throat was slit, and one eye was nearly . cut', from its socket. Foot marks in the mud seemed' to prove that the child had been led to . the . spot by some elder, companion, who must have lifted him down from the wharf where the prints first appeared. And the condition of the body showed that the murder had been committed but a very little while before its discovery — that is. to say, in broad day. There was no trace of the crimi nal, except the footmarks, and the mystery might have remained undiscovered, had not the Boston police chanced to remember that a certain young gentleman in their city had an unpleasant habit of enticing little boys into lonely places, and there subjecting them, to various forms of torture, with the knife, rope's end, &c.; They accordingly arrested Jesse Pomeroy at a venture, and he has confessed the deed. He gives no reason for the murder; it seems to have sprung from a mere brutal impulse; and. though he is alarmed at the consequence of his crime, he shows no ap preciation of its character. A year and a half ago he was convicted and sent to the reform school after cutting arid mutilating no. fewer than seven children, and he had only been released a few. weeks 'on probation,' lacking still five years of the age when ho would have been legally discharged, when his old propen sities returned in greater force than ever, and he advanced from - mutilation to murder. When Pomeroy was asked what he' thought aught to be done to him for killing the child, be said, ' I suppose I ought to be put where [ can't do such things.'- Perhaps the authori ties can explain why this sensible conclusion ( ivas not reached some time ogo. An Unrehearsed Tragedy at Will inoton Theatre. — On Saturday last, April 4th, a young man named John Leslie was placed before the Durham county magistrates, to answer a charge of cutting and wouucling. Defendant had been engaged by Mr. Gotlinrd, the proprietor of the Willington Theatre, as an actor, and on Thursday night he had gone upon the stage while under the influence of drink. The result was, that Mr. Watson, the comedian of the company, on leuving the stage, found fault with the defendant, for not having performed the part assigned to him properly. High words ensued, which resulted in Mr. Watson pushing defendant back on to the stage again, when he said if Watson would come out ne would put it on to mm Watson, hearing this, ran on .to the stage to eject Leslie from the house altogether. They closed and fell, and while on the ground Watson felt himself stubbed. On being raised up he found that he had been stabbed .once on the right shoulder, and three times on the left arm, while a man named Hanvood, who went to his assistance, was also cut upon the hand, the instrument used being a white handled penknife. The prisoner was com mitted for trial. — Newcastle Chronicle. Inquest on Mr. Foley the Sculp tor. — Dr. Lankester held an inquest, on Monday. May 11th, at the Prince Alfred, Crowndale-road, on the body of Mr. Edward Alfred Foley, aged fifty-nine, sculptor, and brother of Mr. John Foley, R.A., who com mitted suicide by drowning himself in the Re gent's Canal, under singularly distressing cir cumstances. Miss Anna Foley said she is the daughter of the deceased, and resided with him at 39, Arlington-street, Mornington- crescent- Ho was a sculptor, and was the brother of Mr. John Foley, also a sculptor of greater emin ence and reputation. He had been very un well for the last twelve months, and walked out at night. on Saturday night, the 3th inst., he went out about half-past ton o'clock, and she never saw him again alive. lie had been very melancholy during the day, and said he would go for a walk, although he had been told by his medical adviser not to do so. He was in pecuniary difficulties, and he had a fixed idea that he was ill and incurable, although Dr. Sieveking, who he consulted, told him it was not so. lie was very sleepless at night, and would go out for a walk just before going to bed. He was engaged upon an important work, but complained of being unable to per form it. He was not a drinker and ate but little, and seemed very desponding. William Pain, 50, St. George's-road, Primrose-hill, stated that ho was in Albert-road about half past twelve on Sunday morning, and he saw a man sitting on the ornamental rail of the Albert-road Bridge, with his feet bunging over the canal. Witness passed him, being rather startled at seeing the man in sucli a danger ous position. He went on, and before he had got ten yards he heard a splash in the water. Witnecs ran to the spot, calling for help, and and saw the body in the water. Another man and the police came, and witness ran for the drags tothe Albert Tavern. Constable Jcroons 94 S, deposed to hearing the cries for help, and when he got to the bridge he saw (I ceased in the water. lie subsequently got him out with the drags, and tried artificial restoration, but without success. Had the drags been kept at the bridge instead of at the tavern lie be lieved deceased might have been saved, as he heard deceased cry out, for help. The coroner reinnrked upon the dangerous character of the bridge, as offering temptation to suicide, and said if proper remedies were taken to procure sleep muny suicides would be prevented. As in this instance the deceased repented of his rash act, had the tailings of the bridge been higher he might have reflected beforehand. Verdict,- 'Suicide whilst in a state of tempor ary insanity.' Supposed Loss of the Liberia.— There . are grave reasons for fearing that the African mail steamer Liberia has been lost, with all her crew ami passengers. The Liberia left Liverpool for Madeira and the West Coast of Africa on the 1 1th of April, and, According to tho usual time occupied in the passage, she should have reached Madeira by the 18th or 19th ult, but up to the 27th nothing had been heard of the vessel. For a few days after the steamer left port the weather was very stormy, und heavy seas were reported in the Bay of Biscay and on the West Coast of England. Gloomy apprehensions arose out of the repoit of wreckage coming to shore near Brest, and these have been strengthened by the tidings brought to Liverpool on Monday by the Volta, one of the same line oftstcamers, which has picked up casks and packages that were undoubtedly on board the Liberia, and which are known to have been stowed so low in the hold that they could only have got loose by the complete break-up of the vessel. The finding of these debris has, in fact, suggested the opinion that the vessel must have been lost through a collision. Subjoined is the re port made by Captain Griffiths, of the Volta : — ' On Friday afternoon, the 8th instant, when the Tolta was about 200 miles S.W. of Sicily, a quantity of wreckage was passed, consisting of kegs of powder, trunks, boxes of candles, and a gangway ladder. A boat was lowered, and picked up a part of a case or cask, marked M FC 74, in a diamond ; 'also a package con taining trade boxes marked,. as nearly, as dis tinguishable. C 75, in a square, with CS 18 Gaboon' outside, and a part of a deck house painted white, or buff colour. None of these articles appeared to have been long in the water. The same boat also picked up part of a case marked Sierra Leone.' The following are the names of the passengers and crew: — .Passengers — Rev. Mr. Lowe, Mrs. Lowe, Paul Pelastoe, Commissary Marsden and man ser vant, H. F. Plow, John Gillers, Joee de Fauvis, Manuel Jous, Rodiguez Figuiera, Alfred Ashcroft, Crutchley Jones. Crew — Robert Frew Lowry, captain j Thomas J. Hay'nes, first officer; W. T. Lee, aecond offi cer ; W, M'Kinnan, third officer; James Halli well, carpenter ; Thomas Harrison, boatswain ; James O'Reilly, Edward Haggard, John Burns and C. Matthews, quartermasters , Alfred Griffiths, William Smith, John Scholfield, Ed ward Thompson, John Green, George Cass, C. Shaw, C. Leng, Robert Evans, and John Cample, A.B.'h ; A. Reid, chief engineer ; Samuel Purcell, second engineer ; Alex. Pinkerton, third engineer ; Archibald Danoch, fourth .engineer; Lawrence Kavanah, store keeper ; Carl KranSe, fireman , Robert Haw thorne, Wm. Kavanah, Win. Everton, and William Garavan, trimmers ; Charles de Bayce, chief steward ; Wm. Herbert, D. Stewart, F. Young, William Clnrk, arid James Gorman, stewards-; John Knoll and John Words, cook and butcher ; Alfred Gittus, jpurser; Nelson Huggins, surgeon; and Miss Robertson, stewardess. ?????:??? :? Elopement and Robbery.— a good looking youn^ UutchtiMi), named Nicholas Golyiis, was charged, hpforo the Lord Mayorp at the Mansion Honno, on Friday, April lOilr with stealing two pictures und a quantity of furniture, the \imfierty of one of bis country men, a person named Sniichtlt. The pro senutor was. the proprietor of a small giilleiy of pictures, and he had become acquainted with the piisoiiT. They were on veiy friendly terms, und he invited him to occupy a portion of his house with himself und his wife. About a fortnight ugo, According tohia evidence, he hnd been out all day, and on his return he found that nil the .furniture and several pictures hud been tiiken away. The prisoner, his wife, and servant hud also gone. The prosecutor caused a good deal of laughter by enuraetuting; the articles that were taki'n, and said that even hi* clothes-brushes and shoe-brushes were removed. The Lord Mayor remarked that us the prisoner hud taken away all his furniture and other pro perty, he ought to be obliged to him for taking away his wife as well. (A laugh.) Prosecutor — Yes, i am veiy much obliged to him for taking the lady away, but J beg to say she is not my wife. (A laugh) The Lord Mayor — You wore-only living with her as your wife? Prosecutor — That's all. (Laugh ter.) The prosecutor said from iuformation he subsequently received he went tn a house at Bow, in Middlesex, where he found the prisoner and the huly refeired to, who wero passing ns man and wife, and ulso his servant and the furniture that had been taken from his house, und he also .ascertained that two of pictures that had been taken had been pawned by the prisoner. Evidence wus given thut the prisoner engaged the apartments in question in compuny with a lady, und soon aftur wards they came with two cubs, which contained a quantity of furniture und pictures. Upon this evidence the prisoner had been remanded. Mr. Chupmtiu, a solicitor, who appeared for the prisoner, said that since the piisoiKT hud been remanded he believed all the property thnt wus taken from the prose cutor hud been restored to him, and he did not desire to pi ess the charge. The prisoner wan u respectable young mun, and his father had been commuuicutud with in Holland. Hr was expected to hi rive here very shortly, and would take his son buck with him. The Lord Mayor risked if he was to understand thnt the prosecutor had gut all his property buck. The prosecutor .suid he hud. The Lord Mnyor — And the lady who passed us your wife us well? (A laugh.) Prosecutor — Oh uo, my lord, I won't have anything more to do with her. (Renewed laughter.) The Lord Muyor said that nii'ler these circumstances the ar rancpinrnt might be curried out, and the prisoner was rn.nandod for u few diiyH to af ford an oppoitunity for his father to come and fetch him awuy. A Model American School, 'Mann.' — On Monday of lust week, says iho Albany Argns, of May Gth there w«s un occurreuce on the Harlem Extension Railroad that is woith recounting. About 0 in the morning of th.it day u serious collision — a collision be tween u girl und a train of earn — was avoided in u very singular and duriug way. The girl is n school teacher and she wan on her way to school. The train wua from Chatham on its way to Rutland. Both met on thu trentle-work neur Bruinard's Station. Thi- girl nton.1 Htill, when thn alarmed eugi neer whist' ed down breakr, and' managed lo stop the train only whuti his engine was within ten feet of the obstruction. The trestle work is 30 feet high, and bears only one course of ties mid only one truck. ' What do you mean — do you wunt to be killed ?' inquired the engineer. ' No,' suid tho girl. ' I urn going to school.' ' Well, go buck untill the train crosses the trestle,' said the engineer. '? I cuu't said the girl, ' I'm lute.' ' Step aside, then,' and she stepped aside, outside the track and on the edge of the ties. But the space was too narrow ; the engine's wheels could not clear her expanded skirts. Her next plan wus to sit down, with her legs dangling beneath the ties, but thus the hoops spread all the wider. Provoking delay for the engineer, humiliating failure and posture lor the school miirin, ' Hold on,' said she, 'I'll fix it;' and then gathering up her. limbs und her skirts, she stretched herself at full length upon the outer edge of the tied, seized underneath with one hnnd the string piece to which the rail is spikedjind coolly bade the train pass on I In a minute the train passed over the prostrate form without jur or jolt, and the next instant the girl was on her feet again, hastening towards her expect aut pupils, before whom she was determined to be ' on time,' though she disarranged a dozen railroad time tables. — The Tobacco Leaf. There are hundreds of occupations pursued in this world of which the general public know nothing. A peculiarly French art consists in the restoration of old books and manuscripts, nnd has been raised by a few experts to a mar vellous perfection. The skill of these artists is, indeed, so great that no book is considered by them to be beyond their transforming touch. They take out the most inveterate stains and marks, they reinstate the surfaoe where holes have been gnawed by rats, or eaten by worms ;? they replace raising lines and leaves in such a way that no one can dis cover their interpolations ; they remake mar gins, giving them exactly the colour of the or iginal; in fact, so well is all this done, that frequently the most discriminating judgns can not tell the restored copy from' the 'original work. Ornamental : frontispieces, editors' mark, vignettes, coats of aims, manuRcript or printed pages, all are imitated to a degree of accuracy that tasks even the most practised eye. Such restoration, however is. or course expensive. Thus at a sale, of books . some time ago, a tattered, filthy, and repulsiva, but in some respects quite a unique,' copy, of the Breviary of Geneva brought only £25, on ac count -of the damaged condition it was in. The purchaser at once took it to a book re storer, who stated his terms to be £20, anil that the process would require a year. John B. Gough, the well-known temperance orator, is not at all pleased, ' we observe from the American papers/ with the female crusade against rum, and expresses Tiimself as follows on the question :— 'I would be unwilling to see my wife or my nieces going about among tho saloon?, praying or singing hymns. I think the move ment would help the woman sufforage causo very much, and I have always had a sort of dislike to the . woman suffrage, business. Tho idea of a band of ladies going through tho streets singing hymns and praying is repugnant to me. It is tho duty of pdlisaraen to clear away a crowd of men obstructing .tho, pavement, and I think that women come under the same restrictions.' 