Snow was said the other day to be 20ft. deep on the Yarra track. A shook of earthquake was felt in Melbourne on July 30. Lady Bowen and family left Melbourne oh September 8 for Venice, in the It M.S.S. Nubia. Hollow ay's sentence for the Paramatta murder, has been com routed to imprisonment for life. A snake with flris similar to those of a fish was lately found near M.'Ivor. -1 Some Chinamen, while sluicing in Spring Gully, unearthed a beautiful nugget which weighed about 06oz. The ketch Maggie capsized at Western Port recently, and the two men wholwere on board were drowned. ;'' A man named' Goodman shot himself on '.September 8, in the' bush, near Elphinstone. .'?§%''' :- - ;' f?r\ , . ??{ The sharebrokers of Sydney have suspended a member of the' board for three months forgiving fictitious quotations.' ' ' It is statedj that; tho new Masonic-hall at Sandhurst is to be opened on October 21 by a grand ball. ThE body of Ann Gleesnn, a domestic- servant., from Little Lonsdale-street*, was found iloatmg in the Yarra on September 10. Fry Brothers' tender for the Port. Wake field Railway, in South Australia, lias been accepted at £29,000. During the last year no less than 100.000 acres of land have been selected in the St. Arnaud and Eehuca districts. The body of a man, known as Old Martin, was found in the Merri Creek on September 12. Captain Tobin, formerly senior pilot of this port, died in the Sydney Hospital on September 12. A mother and son were accidentally taken on by the Nubia from Adelaide on September 11. A dreadful boat accident has occurred in the Endeavour River, by which one man and two women lost their lives. The collection-box of the Wesleyjm Church, at Yass, N.S.W., has been stolen, and the communion wine drunk. The schooner Mary Ann Christian has been wrecked at Manning River bar. The Sfc. Ann station, near Townsville. has been stuck up hy blacks. Two men were killed, and another was mortally wounded. Messrs. Peters, Barnard, and Co., of Launceston, Tasmania, have failed, their liabilities amounting to £00,000. Mr. R. EL Blackford. of Goulburn, N.S.W., was drowned on September 4, while crossing the Wollondilly River in a buggy. The steamer Eashy, from Sydneyj went ashore at Bradley's Head on September 5. She was afterwards got oil'. The news of tne refusal of Great Britain to accept, annexation on the proposed terms created great excitement in Fiji. The steamer Tasman recently had a rough passage across to Hobart Town'.' She lost a boat, and S3 sheep perished. The ship Rialto hauled off from the Sand ridge pier on September 16, having on board 212 horses for the Indian market. Mr. Anderson stated in the Legislative Council on Septem ber 8 that the new Government-bouse was expected to be lie for occupation in about 15 months. The barque Wave Queen has become a total wreck at Rivoli Bay. All bunds were saved. She had as cargo 75 tons of ilour and 2,000 bags of wheat, intended for Sydney. Two million letters nnd over one million newspapers pnPRed through the Adelaide Post-office during the first half of the year. ?????'' ? A terrible explosion of dynamite occurred recently at Otngo, N.Z., by which one man, named Ren nhaw, was instantaneously killed, and two others were seriously injured. Amongst the passengers by the Tartar, from San Francisco, were Mr. F. Linden and Mr. E. Collins, representatives of lieu ter's Telegram Company (Limited) for the Australian colonies. Mrs. Marion Smith, better known to theatre-goers as Miss Mortimer, died from an accidental fall at the Cornwall Arms Hotel, on September 9; A great bush fire has occurred at Kiama, New South Wales. Five homesteads were destroyed, and a truce of country about 12 miles was laid bare. Thomas Purchas, formerly a solicitor, of Sandhurst, killed himself on September 10, by unintentionally taking au overdose of sulphuric acid. A meeting of the members of the Melbourne Athenrcum is to be held on October 12, for the purpose of considering the ad visability or otherwise of opening tbe reading-room on Sundays. A company is being formed in Newcastle, New South Wales, for the purpose of working coal seams contained in 1,094 acres of land on the bunks of Winding Creek, New South Wales. A miner named James Donnelly fell down a shaft a depth of 270ft. on September 12, at Sandhurst, and waB instantaneously killed. As some workmen were removing a house at Shoalhaven, N.S.W., they were startled by u shower of ' loose sovereign*, which came down ' fast and furious' for some minutes. The sovereigns, which were ull of the old English stamp, were found to exceed 1,000 in number. ' A young lady named Agnes Hartley was drowned in the Namoi, N.S.W., when attempting to cross the river iu ilood time ou horseback. .;.: * ' ;; Salt works are being erected on the banks of the Seventy acre Lake, atKiora. The quality of the suit is said to be equul, if not superior, to tbe finest bottled: Liverpool Halt. AN.application for a new trial was 'made by the plaintiff in the action of Walker v. d'eorye. /J?ue Court decided not to disturb the verdict of the jury. ? A complimentary dinner- was given on September 3, at Cletnents'u new hotel and cafe, in Swunatoii-Btrcet, to the pro prietor.. '?' ? The Othello has arrived at Hobart Town with 92 tuns of oil, cliieiiy obtained intlie Austruliuit Bight, where tueie weie plenty ;-bf:whale^r''Tlie*yeBael;bi^.'been'13 months out. ? It ia now stated that the desperado who was recently shot at Ball an was named Harris, and that he had been discharged from Peutridge about 12 months ago. - An experimental message was sent on September G from Sydney to Java, und a reply wus received in 2 minutes 35 seconds. The distance travelled by the electric current was 8,700 miles. The Messages de Saigon, from Bordeaux to Noumea, was totally wrecked entering Bullarie Puss. The ship and cargo were sold for £800. A little girl, daughter of Mr. Byers, of Bay n ton, lost her life a short time ago through her clothes igniting while she was playing near a (ire. The instruments dt the Sydney Observatory indicated the velocity of the gule on September G at 88 inileB an hour, being five miles more than had ever been previously recorded. Mr. Paukes has informed the corporation ofjAlbury, N.S.W., that the New South Wales Government intends to extend the railway there without ueluy. . It is proposed by the directors of the Deniliquin and Moatna Railway to flout the project on the London marker, in order to . remove it from intercolonial jealousies. A royal commission has been appointed to make preliminary inquiries and to enter into negotiation* relative to the forth coming Internationial Exhibition in Philadelphia in 1870. The Ballurat Turf Club intends to Ret up a lottery, on the art union principle, in aid of the funds. The capital is to be £10,000, in 10,000 tickets of £1 each. John Wright Anderson, of Adelaide, has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment for embezzling from the National Bank. . The body of a man was recently found near Albury with his throat cut. It is uuppoaed that the deceased hud committed suicide. The foundation-stone of the new Ballarar College, to he erected on the Presbyterian Reserve, was laid on September 12, by the Rev. W. Henderson., ° One of tbe most daring robberies that have ever been com mitted by discharged convicts took place at the Pentridge Stockade on the night of September 5. On tbe following morning the iron vga teat thd entrance t6;the tower was found to be open, and. oh?a search r-ftii»g'made'-it .was discovered that a number of. articles1 belonging to prisdners had -Iwfen stolen. The burglars have not yet been arrested:1 ' ,'i,.~* A young man, named Thomas Nankivell, wus working in the Moonta mine, ut Long Gully, on September 3, when a large piece of slate slipped from the roof of the level, and struck him on the head, lulling him instantaneously. A fatal accident at the Queen's Wharf on September 3. A .sailor named Charles Watson, who was working on the Rob Roy, fell into the river, and being unable to swim, he was drowned before assistance could reach him. The navigation of the Yarra was interrupted on September S for some time by the r.b. Otago, which, 'on leaving the wharf, ran into the bank, and being curried round by the current, she lay right athwurt the stream. Geouge Eveiust, the defaulting manager of the Malnisbury branch of the Bank of Victoria, has been sentenced to three years' imprisonment, with hard labour, for forging the name of William Green to a cheque for £400. Two pure-bred rams, imported by the Berean from London, nnd intended for shipment to New Zealand, were destroyed ut Hobart Town on September 9. having shown unmistakable symptoms of foot-and-mouth disease. Captain Downer, of the barque Neptune, which arrived at Sydney on September 9 from Mauritius, jumped overboard after leaving Port Louis. His body was recovered, and the vessel pat back for a new commander. The schooner Zephyr has been attacked by natives atApii, one of the South Sea Islands. Captain Dawson's son and a native were killed ; also, the mate of a small trader, whoso name is unknown. Another important portion of the Col i ban water scheme was completed on September 10. The syphon extending over the Back Creek valley was filled in the morning, and the water successfully flowed through the channel. H.M.S. Pearl sailed from Sydney for Fiji on September 12, with His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson on board. The Attorney - General accompanies the Governor as his legal adviser. :-; .' The Distillery Company's, operations at Warrenheip are prov ing sufficiently profitable to- induce them to extend their busi ness. Contracts have been taken for the erection of an additional kiln, furnace, &c.; ' ..,%._. The 'trial of George Kitt, formerly a clerk in the waterworks branch of the Public Works-Department, on a charge of stealing a cash- box containing £144 from the department, was concluded on; September 3, a verdict of 'Not Guilty' being returned. The ship Knight Commander, -which has arrived at Sydney from Liyerpoolj^reports seeing a white ship, apparently bound bound for the'colbnies, in lut. 39° S., Ion. 45° E., with her main mast gone close' by the deck. A vessel. freighted by the French Government, was to sail on July 29 from Bordeaux, with GO women from different housen of correction, who hud expressed u willingness to contract marriage wiUi convicts of New Caledonia. A largely attended public meeting was held on September 7, in the Fitzroy Town-hull, in connexion with a movement for establishing a state labour exchange. Resolutions for the estab lishment of such an exchange were carried without dissent. The Rev. Martin Chane. D.D., of the Order of St. Augustine, prior of St. John's Church, Dublin, has had the honour conferred upon him of being appointed the first Roman Catholic bishop of Sandhurst. A rumour has been current that Mr. George Petty was offered £4,500 for his horse Goldsbrough. Tf the report is true it is probably the highest price ever offered for a horse of his age in Australia. A sian who has been frightening people in Hawthorn by going about at night in a white sheet as a ghost was found dead the otherday in a waterhnle at Boroondara. He was supposed to be . insane. . j ' : The Border Post notices the death of Samuel Ph Hips, an old veteran who, in his curly days, wus present at the battle of Copenhagen, in the capacity of cabin- boy to Lord Nelson. He also witnessed the memorable action in Trafalgar Buy in 1805, at which Nelson lost his life. ? ' The yield of the Long Tunnel claim at Walhallafor August amounts to 2,434oz., from 1.C69 tons of quartz. A dividend at the rate of £2 10a. per share hus been declared. The yield from the Wai h alia claim ia l,237oz. 18dwr. of gold from 1,318 tons of quartz, and 81oz. of gold from the Chilian mil). His Honour Judge Bindon, as special commissioner, has recommended the forfeiture of 3,409 acres of laud in South Gipps Lund, ^elected for Messrs. Tyson, Race, and Glaesford. He ex pressed himself as satisfied that clnminyism in its worst form wuh being practised. ' The OctTiHiind Murray Advertiser writes : — 'The Buffalo now presents a. line spectacle. An enormous, quantity of-'miow hus full en this season, and we do not remember for 20 years to have seen the old mountain with its white nightcap pulled so fur down over its face.' ' '' ' ? Mr. Charles Burrett, of Euroka Station, in N.S.W., was killed recently by his horse carrying him against a tree. A strange fatality bus attended the Burrett family of lute. Within a few months Death hus luid his hand on no lew than five of its members- father, mother, sister, and the two eldest brothers. A remarkable death occurred at Campbell's Creek the other day. A man named Henry Wadswortli, who hnd for some time suffered from dropsy, uttempted to tup himself, but he unfortu nately pushed the blade into his bowels, the result being that ho died in a very short time. A thief-trap has been adopted by one of the booksellers of this city. A brick is wrapped in brown paper, und this is connected by a string with a pile of books, so that if the brick is removed the books are thrown down, a circumstance which is sure to attract uttention to the culprit. An atrocious act of cruelty was perpetrated the oilier day near Bullumr. A gout got into the garden of un individual, who scarcely deserves the name of man, as he went into his house, heated a poker red hot, and after capturing the goat thrust tho red hot poker down its throat. A daring hut unsuccessful attempt was recently made to rob the Bunk of Victoria ut Epsom. After boring ftuverul holes imd wrenching off the lock the robbers managed to get inside the bank, when Mr. Simpson, hearing a noiae, got up nnd they immediately decamped, bolting the baok. way, without taking anything with them. : A lady named Mrs. French was walking along the cliffs, near Sydney Heads, a short tune hack, iu 'company with a party of ludies and' gentlemen, when, after throwing a atone down into the sea, she appeared to lone her balance, and fell over the edge of the cliff. Search was at once made, but no trace of the body could be discovered. ??' ? ~- :? .;-'^v^v«'* '/?'.??''?'?? Dr. Plummer, of Sandridge, the other day found his favourite pony with his tail unaccountably docked.; Shortly afterwards his, other horses were discovered in u similar, plight. At length the doctor caught his groom in the uct of docking another horse, and had him arrested immediately. He has been sentenced to a heavy fine, with the alternative of imprisonment. Three little boys made an attempt, which, fortunately, was nor. successful, on September 8, to throw a train off the Mel bourne and Hobaon's Bay Railway line between Balaclava und Chapel-street. The boys, two of whom wore captured by Con stable Flannery, confessed to having put about a dozen lar«e pieces of uiefal on the line, with the intention of ' tipping tu» train over.' The company x.ll probably tuko some steps mtlio matter, although tho extreme youth of the bojs renders it u diUioult matter to deal with them. ' .??,?-???.. 