A REAL GHOST AT LAST. To the Editor. Sir,— I send you the following statement of facts for your information, and, if you deem it of sufficient im portance, for the information of your readers. I would not have you think that I havo any ambition to become the author of a ghost story, and trust that you will suppress my name (which I subscribe), in the event of your publishing this letter. On Sunday evening last, at about 11.15 p.m., I was returning to my home by what is called the 'pad- dock,' in Gipps-street. When about half way between Macquarie and Smith streets I observed something near the fence on the right- hand side, which appeared to me at first sight like a goat On nearing it how ever, it appeared more like a person under the influence of liquor ; and I went up to it with the intention of assisting him or her to rise. I struck a match, which went out; a second attempt was more successful. Holding it down close, I observed a man's face, about twice the size of an ordinary one. It had a white night-cap on, the eyes were open, the forehead, nose mouth, and general features stood in bold outline, and clearly recognizable; the skin of the face was much shrivelled, and appeared like that of an old man. It had stumps of arms from about the elbow, which were held erect. The legs were cut from above the thighs. It had on a sort of short night-shirt, which came only to the loins. I became very much afraid, and made the best of my way towards home. When at the cor ner of Gipps and Smith streets I met a man, and such ' was my agitation that it took me several minutes before I could convey to him what had occurred. We at once went back to the spot. The man went up to the object and struck a match, but immediately sprang back to me, crying out, "It's a - spirit - get a stone and hit it." My eyes were on the object ; and when he gave expression to these words it went from my sight in some mysterious manner. Since speaking of this I have found that it has been seen before, in exactly the same place and manner, by persons whose names I enclose. No doubt, on the appearance of this statement, the party who went back with me will sup ply you with his name in confirmation, as I am unac quainted with him. Surry Hills, August 17. [The writer of the above evidently sends his com munication in good faith. Some respectable caterer for public amusement should, if possible, secure his ghostship for exhibition. We hope he is no relation to the Kiama imposter. So soon as Blondin, Mr. Parkes and other theatrical stars and heroes have run their course, the appearance of a real ghost would take like wildfire, and prove the greatest hit of the season.— ED.] The usual fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council, was held this morning, »t the Town HalL His Worship the Mayor (S. & Goold) in the chair Several petitions from residents of the suburbs wore presented and wceived, and a number »f motions agreed to. A letter from the Australian Gaslight Company was reai, informing the Council that a re duction of 10s per annum in the cost of lighting the streets, would take effect from the 1st October next A report from the health officer {Dr. Danaey) was also read, having reference to the want of proper lodeiBi houses for the poor, asd th« impurity of the water through the connection of water closete with the mains. Mr, Thompson, of 221, Castlereagh-gtreet, the keeper of «, private boarding-house, had occasion, pre vious to his departure for Melbourne on Saturday to burn a quantity of rubbish such as usually collects at places of the land. Amongst the doomed debris was a box left by a oouple who stayed at the bouse some twelve months ago, and which had been removed into an outer yard because it was offensive. When its con tents were being removed the skeleton of a chiM was found wrapped up in a pieoe of red doth. Information was jrfven to the police, and Hie remain* Here seen by Dr. Eean. who cannot nav wW.lur tl.»u- ,.*? *!,_.. _r ' ' ehild that had lived or not. The woman went to Bris bane when, she left Mr. Thompson's house, and the man remained about a mouth after her. The noliot will investigate fte matter. ^ Mr. Justice Hargrove has accepted another petition for divorce. The petitioner is Mr. John Bourne, late of Port Maequarie, aged 38, a satire of Port Maequarie. He is a boatbuUder by trade, and resides in Sydney. The respondent is Mrs. Louisa, Bourne, petitioner's wife, formerly Louisa Charlotte Wilson, need 38 years, a native of Port Maequarie now living at 149, Bourke-street, Woonoomoohm. Too parties were married by the Kov. Thomas O'EciUy, on Moveaber 2?th, 1858, at «ie Anglican Church, Port Maoquane. The ground upon which the dissolution, of marriage is sought is the alleged adultery of the respondent Thia petition hi»d already been before his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave, but he declined to acoept it on the meagre evidence of adultery tendered but upon additional corroborative testimony beW given be now aeoeptedthe petition, ^^ 