TffE YELLO W PASSPORT. The first production of tliis new drama at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night drew a crowded audience, whoso verdict was a decidedly favorable one. Mr. Dampior, as tho author of the dramatised version of A'ic- tor Hugo's Les Miserables, has succeeded in writing a drama that has its interestsus- tained during the four acts, and this is uo small Draise. As a matter of course he. has npt been able to maintain the style belong ing to the famous author, because, if the dramatis personce wero to talk on the stage in tho curt, disjunctive manner be longing to Victor Hugo's novel, the sense would ho obscured. Mr. Dampier has, however, preserved the spirit of the attractive work, and in the person of Jean Valjean, the galley slave, who is branded for life, the ghost of whose dead past cruelly haunts him, he carries with him the entire sympathy of his audience. The character wants more depth of coloring than it re ceived on Saturday night, and will doubtless receive this on future occasions, when Mr. Dampier, as author, can leave the minor characters to run alone, aud throw his whole attention into his own part. He was a very cool Jean when an outcast iu the prologue,' and also when mixing with the revolutionary, turmoil behind a barricade in the last act. A degree more warmth was shown when he, as mayor of Mbntauban, revealed- his true identity, and when he has subsequently to renounce his title to be called M. Leblanc. Men that because of their misdeeds become galley slaves are moved by strong passions ; but Mr. Dampier in the most trying situations that can possi bly be conceived manifested too much xle- phistophelian indifference. The great tax ou .Uv.' Dampier's attentions incident to the first production of his work no doubt accounted for uracil of this, but tlio favor with which the drama was received will no doubt stimulate him to a more complete identification with his part. Mr. Stuart O'3rion lias a good role in that of J avert the gaoler aud inspector of police. Ho is as relentless as an inquisitor, rind hounds down his victim as remorselessly as if he were on a crusade against' heresy. There were many points of excellence in the way in which the part was played, and it' was admirably made up. M r! Sefton managed his triple part with a good deal of cleverness. First,, he was the lazy, disreputable inn keeper at Montfermiel ; then Jondrette, a beggiug- letter impostor ; and lastly, Fabau- tou, a pretended actor. In all these he made, himself particularly repulsive, cringing audi bullying by turns, as a man with liiB brutal promptings should. He gave a strong spioe of interest to the whole drama. Messrs. Greville and Dunn infused some hu mor into _ the piece, ttie former, as UlraiufiinatHieu, « "'-J") wood-carter, who was arrested as Jean v aljeau, ana :<> owoi-ui to by half-a-dozen witnesses, but who is re leased by tiie real Jean's own confession, and the latter as Montparuasso, a pickpocket, wliOBe valor oozes out of him in the most ludicrous manner when danger has to be en countered, but who is : very brave when he can brag with impunity. The element of fun is, however, most present when Little Ga- vroche, a gamin of Paris (Miss Stammers) is on the stage. She boils over'with impudence and good nature, and becomes useful in the last act, where she proves J avert, the inspector of police, is a spy. Miss Eleanor Carey has to perform '. dual duty as Fantine, the peasant who gives bread and water to Jean Yaljean in the first act, and' as Cosette, the protege of Jean in the time of his prosperity. As Fantine she is dragged as a brawler from the street into the presence of the mayor in a pink silk ball dress, aud a veil dangling bride-fashion from hor head. She complains of hunger so koen that she has had to sell her , beautiful, hair, and that a gen tleman has thrust some snow down her back. In subsequent appearances, as the betrothed of Marius, she talked and looked like a very engaging girl, and helped to make the situations in which she took part more real. Miss Kate Russell had not much to do iu the part of Eponine, but did that littlo well. Mrs. AVooldridge as Madame Thernardier, Nil. Apploton as youiig Marius, who loves Cosette, aud Miss Anuie Marsh as the representaflve of Cosetto in her childish days) filled minor parts satis factorily. Several new scenes were specially painted for the drama, the most striding of which was that representing a street barri cade thrown up by the revolutionists in Paris. The principal actors were recalled at tho close of each act. 