ANOTHER GHOST STORY, From time to time, we have received startling in- telligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Robert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watch dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. On Tuesday night last, Williams's family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down the verandah with heavy nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder, but finally gave up the con- test in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all "locks, bolts, and bars," entered the house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed appa- rently in the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bedclothes off the bed, and lay down on top of Williams, who could feel nothing when he put his hand out to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a cross- cut saw standing, which it sounded several times as if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state for some time his ghostship departed. Williams avers that he has heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers to go and stop at his house and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have re- ported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman, well-known in this district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a Manila hat on, dressed in moleskin trousers, and a blue guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bed-room, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was, and what he wanted, found that the supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered in the locality many years ago. —Shoalhaven News. 