Madeline. (A Complete Tale.) ALL the girls who were leaving school carried with them anticipations of a gay winter, a round of parties, balls, and operas. Not so with Madeline De- lanney. The dying will of her father made her aunt's house her home, for the years between eighteen and twenty one; and even if Madeline had been unwil- ling to comply, she would still have gone, so great was her respect for her father's memory. Mrs. Chathard was an invalid, and her family consisted only of her son — a man over thirty, and said to be eccen- tric — and the old family servants. De- cidedly not a very brilliant prospect for Madeline. It was a sullen autumn day when Madeline rode, for the first time, up the avenue leading to her aunt's house. She saw a gray sky, flying clouds, and a white beach, on which the sea beat heavily in, and standing in the midst of a cluster of pines, was a low, massive building, that might have been a prison, and possibly was a house. No one came to the door to welcome her. Mrs. Chathard was not at home; Mrs. Chat- hard was in the library, and begged that Madeline would come to her there. She found her lying on the sofa, busy with some sort of knitting — a sallow, delicate, fretful woman. "No," she said, shrinking back, as Madeline showed a disposition to kiss her; "no one but Frederic has kissed me for years. Don't commence. I am a creature of habits. I only came down to-day on your account, and it has quite unnerved me. I shall not try it again. I must have perfect repose. Frederic comes to see me morning and evening; that is as much as I can bear." "With that Madeline was waved off to her room, where indignation supplanted a strong desire to cry, and curiosity got the bettor of both. It was really, she decided, on looking about her, a pleasant room, with crimson curtains and furni- ture, and a deep window looking out on the sea. There was a bureau, with a great many little drawers, and she pleased herself with arranging them mentally. There was a vase of flowers that spoke of a conservatory; she had seen that the library was well filled; a a pretty piano occupied a recess in her room. " I shall pass my time very tolerably," thought Madeline, resignedly. "I won- der what my cousin is like?" Perhaps this last thought had some in- fluence in her toilet; else, why should she have braided her hair and put on her most becoming dress? It was hardly to be supposed that her charms would have much effect on the quiet parlour-maid, who was alone in attendance. Madeline ate her supper with curling lip and stormy brow. "He is a barbarian! I know I shall hate him!" was her inward comment. "He must have known I would be here. He might have been civil. However, I shall do very well without him." And getting a book from the library shelves, she sat herself down resolutely to read. But, try as she would, her thought wandered back to the pleasant room where she used to sit with her girl-friends, reading and talking — so different from this great, silent, hand- some house. I am afraid the contrast was not too favorable, for her pillow was wet with tears that night. A week passed away. During that time Madeline saw Mrs. Chathard once; that was all. The rest of the time she passed in solitude, till Saturday evening, when the prim old housekeeper entered the parlour where Madeline was sitting, work-basket in hand. "Mr. Frederic is at home," she said, "and Mrs. Chathard thinks it proper that I should sit in the room;" with which explanation she walked over to the extreme end of the apartment, and vanished behind the curtains of the bow- window. Madeline curled her lip slightly at these prudential preparations, and went on with her reading, trying to convince herself that her heart was not beating fast. She heard a quick, masculine step without in the hall; heard it come in the room and advance towards her, but did not raise her eyes till he stood directly before her. She had hard work to repress her surprise, he was so little like what she had imagined! Not old — for if he was really thirty, he by no means looked his age: not tall, thin, and sallow; on the contrary, small, though well formed, with an abundance of curling, brown hair; large, blue eyes that should belonged to a woman, so evenly arched were the brows, so long the lashes, so soft, so almost suffering, their expression; clear-cut features; teeth that showed white and even through his thick moustache; a quiet assured manner, neither austere nor frownish, as Madeline had imagined, but that of gentleman and man of the world. He apologised easily enough, for the apparent incivility. "Important busi- ness," that much-enduring scapegoat, had detained him — he was extremely sorry. But Madeline, who had no patience with his lawn excuses, interrupted him sharply, "Pray, spare your regrets; it is quite evident that your sorrow is of the deepest dye. Your countenance be- speaks it."' Mr. Frederic opened his eyes wide, and sat down. Hitherto he had seemed undecided in the question. "So, then, you are realty offended and show it after a spirited fashion. Good! I shall have to make my peace. It will give us something to talk about." "Is there really any necessity of talk- ing at all?" demanded Madeline still more indignantly. "A few minutes ago I thought not. I intended to have gone through the necessary formalities, and after that, to have sat occasionally with you, by way of keeping you in countenance; but now I say, Yes! There is something ori- ginal about you; it may be only a spark, a glimmer; but, whatever it is, I will develop it." "You leave my individuality out of account, I think." "Not in the least. I count on it for my amusement." "Amusement? We share the same blood, Mr. Chathard. I think you should know something of the will which is among our heir-looms. I doubt if I shall choose to serve even a Chathard as amusement." "You will have no choice. You will go to church with me to-morrow. You will see and be seen of all the magnates. They will forthwith call upon you; you will go to make a round of dreary visits; you will go to solemn tea- drinkings; yon will talk to Captain Fanway and Sir Peter Farquhar, the two eligibles of the parish; and when you have talked over the weather you will begin to fid- get, and wish yourself home with me. Even a bear like me will prove more en- durable than those unmitigated young men. You will talk with me, and, in the nature of things, you will amuse me. You cannot help yourself." "I have other resources," answered Madeline, loftily. "I have arranged a dramatic course of study." Mr. Chathard smiled. "Try it, my dear cousin, by all means. It is the most enchanting thing in the world — in prospect. Try it, I say again; and remember, I shall be very happy to aid you if any difficulties oc- cur — which, though, it is to be presumed, is not possible." With which, he took himself off, leaving Madeline piqued and curious. She had ample time, however, to recover herself, and proceeded with her studies. It was three mortal weeks before he presented himself again. When he did come, it was in a ghost-fashion. She was bending over a book, and, looking up suddenly, found him standing before her, watching her keenly, looking weary and strangely dissatisfied. He gave her a cool nod, and threw himself into a chair near her. "Talk!" he said, imperatively. "I am bored." Madeline's hot blood leaped up in re- volt. Words hovered on her lips, that, cool as he was, could not but have placed an effectual barrier between them. Something arrested them. A pained look was in his eye, anguish about his mouth, showing dimly through the mask of cynicism. A hew impulse possessed her. "Cousin," she said, gently enough, "why should we be at war? We are of the same blood; and I think we are alike in this one thing at least — that we are both alone. Why goad each other with bitter words? Would it not be better to help each other? I don't ask nor offer any confidence; only if there could be a liking and friendship between us, let it develop itself. Let us not hinder it. I am so lonely; and I think, if you would let me, that I should like you." Strange emotion glistened in his eyes, and shook his voice. "I swore once," he said, "never to trust mankind, still less womankind, again." "Unsay the rash oath," she said eagerly. "It shuts you from all happi- ness and goodness." "How dare you ask me! In whom shall I trust?" "In-me." "A girl — a child, that don't know even the meaning of things about her, much less her own heart!" "I know one thing; the truth that I feel within me. That never dies, and never fails. Only try me, cousin. I long to do you good." "I believe you do," he said much softened. "I believe, with all my inno- cent fervour, you do wish it. I will trust till I see that you, too, are going to deceive me. Will you take the re- sponsibility?" Madeline held out her hand, and so there was truce between them. Every night they studied and talked under the supervision of the prim housekeeper; and at last he fell into a way of taking a morning walk with her in the garden, and riding with her in the afternoon. He even went with her to several par- ties, and always to church; and the neighbourhood held up its hand in as- tonishment. Months passed away. Very peaceful, happy ones they were. But one even- ing he failed to make his appearance. All the next day Madeline watched for him, but in vain. "He has gone away," she thought, with a keen pang, "and did not tell me." One week passed — two — three. Sus- pense grew unendurable. She ventured an inquiry of the prim housekeeper. "Sir. Frederic is not away — he is ill." "Ill! Why was I not told? I will go to him at once!" "He has the typhus fever, miss; and Mrs. Chatham ordered that you should on no account be admitted, for fear of the infection." Madeline left the housekeeper with- out another word, and went straight to Frederic's room. She was not very sure of its locality; for it was in the other wing of the house — a place where she had never ventured. She was, how- ever, exceedingly doubtful of the pro- priety of going at all; but if he should die without her, would propriety console her? She went in trembling. He was alone and awake. He turned towards her hollow, reproachful eyes. "Are you better?" was the first question. Yes; but why have you left me alone so long? 1 thought that you cared for me." "I do, I do! I never knew. I waited and wondered, and grew sick at heart. No one told me, and to-day I asked. I was too proud to do it before. I thought you had gone away, after the old fashion, without telling we. Then they said I mustn't come to you for fear of the infection." "There is danger! Go away at once!" "I will not. "Why should I not share danger with you? All the orders in the world sha'nt drive me from you!" He turned towards her with sudden animation, seized her hand, looked earnestly in her face, and said, "My little darling, I really believe that you love me as I do you." And from that moment he mended, spite of doctors and physic; and the sombre old house is gay enough under the blithe supervision of its young mis- tress, Mrs. Frederic Chathard, our Madeline. 