iENNwARD BLAIR. BY JAMEB GRANT. OHIAPTER XXXVI; In the hunted fugitive who flow peast him on the highway near the village, Lennard Bhlair had barely time to recognise COheatwood, so be stood irresolute, till Juden Grabbie and his legal posse came up in full cry, and then he joined apparently in the pursuit, but solely in the hope of aiding in the ultimate escape of the offender, for the sake of EIesbia and her father. After they had lost sight of Travice, traces of his route were found; in one place his hiat, in another his overcoat --a smart reeling jacket, which he hIad thrown away that he might run with the greater ease. A shout escaped the pursuers when they came in eight of him for the last time, as he sped through the street of the collier village. He was seen to turn up a lane towards the nearest coal-pit, and then all trace of him was lost, and Orabbie, Lennard, and those who accompanied them were completely at fault. They searched tile eligine-house, the piles of coal, the weggons, and all thle vari ous sheds and out-buildings, in vain; Tra vice Oheatwood had vanished ! Whilelhis followers were examining the premises, Grabbie had been peering into the pit-mouth, down which the long chain was still descending; he weeas listening to every sound, but none came unward on the coldl rush of air save the occasional jarring of the circular-basket as it slid swiftly into the profundity below. Two men who were superintending the winch or steam-engine would accord him no information, and surlily warned him to "be off about. his own business;" but heedless of this order, and intent only on the purpose which brought him there, Grabbie drew the attention of Lennard to certain footmarks which, in the united glare of the gas-lights and furnace of the engine, were distinctly visible in the soft black mud about the mouth of the .pit. They were evidently made by a pair of fashionably-shaped boots, with high and small round heels; and they could be traced distinctly up to the wooden platform round the verge of the pit, from whence the wearer did not seem to have re turned. "8hould you know this Travice OChest wood, Mr. Blair, if you saw him ? " asked Grabbie, with a grin, as he rubbed his grisly chin. " Yes-perfectly." "Even if dressed as a collier ?" "I think so-in any disguise; but Idon't believe it at all probable that he would adopt one so grimy and unpleasant," urged Lennard, anxiously, and about to turn away. " We are on the right scent, I'11 take my affidavit that we are!" said Grabbie, em phatically; "the basket or tub has just gone down, and I am certain our man is in it, though these two rapecallions won't admit that such is the case! " Grabbie, though inexorable in his spite and wrath, was strictly legal, however, in all hissnieasures. Leaving certain men to watch'the mouth of the pit, and sending others to the escape or air-shaft, he pro ceeded in quest of the manager, showed his warrant, and insisted on admission to all the miies if necessary. Permission was at once accorded, for well did the manager know that the legal bully of the village would brook no trifling. Still anxious to save Travice, Lennard left nothing unsaid to dissuade all from seek ing him underground, till in the end he re solved to go down also, as he was not with out a hope-a feeble one certainly-of con coaling or getting him away by some other outlet, for this pit communicated with others; and in the six years during which Mr. Vere had possessed the property and done so much for these coal-miners, Lennard had frequently been through them, and was familiar with most of the seams, cuttings, "and workings of the place. When Travice was tearing at his utmost speed along the road, he almost wished that his way lay near some steep precipice, over which he might fling himself; or near some deep water, in the silent depths of which he might plunge headlong, and never rise to light or life again. Mortification, despair, and rage were his prevailing emotions--mor tioiation for his baffled schemes and loss of position; despair at the prospect of being taken, tried, and sentenced to a penalty, the seclosion and degradation of which would be maddening to one of his temperament; and, finally, he felt a bitter rage at all who were now in league against him. With all these was the exasperating sense of being help lessly and pitilessly hunted like a wild animal, and in his heart, though it was a craven one, there rose at times a fierce long ing to face about,. to close with, and to strangle or otherwise destroy, the nearest of his pursuers! But onward he ran, past trees and hedges, cottages and farm-yards, where children shouted and dogs barked after him, the tramp of feet on the hard roadway behind adding speed to his flight, while the openness of the country and the brilliance of the moon rendered futile any hope of escape through the fields on either side. The suggestion of one peasant to another as Travice flew past the cottage-door at which they were smoking, " he was surely one o' the folk frae the madhouse, where twa were tint (missed) yesterday," led him to in fer the danger of seeking refuge in any dwelling. Could he but reach the Kaime! There he knew were many outhouses, shede, stables, and other buildings, Wvherein he might be concealed for a time. Inspired by this idea, he hurried through the village in full view of his pursuers, and turned up a little alley, as already related, towards the nearest pit. Some miners were just getting into the basket as he drew near, and very like melo-dramatic fiends the poor fellows looked, they were so black and grimy, with their teeth and eyeballs glistening white, in the lambent flames of the safety-lamps, which each carried on his head, as if to comb plate the illusion. "I shall trust these men," thought Tra vice, and ere giving the word to descend, they paused and swung in the basket over the vast profundity of the pit, as he ap prosehed them in hot lhaste. Travice feared that if he asked permission to descend on the plea of curiosity at that unusual-hour, with his attire in such dis order after his flight, and being minus a bat, the miners would for a certainty deem him one of the missing lunatics; and to at tempt to join them without some proper ex planation would ensure his rough expulsion from the basket. " My good meno," said he, "I am an un- : fortunate fellow who is about to be arrested for debt. That sordid wretchl, Juden Grab bie, is after me with the police and ever so many of his people; you will save me, won't you? " "If we can, we shall !" said emphatiocally one .of the miners, who all know Grabbie personally or by evil report. "Then take me down with you for to night-for this night only-by Jove I'm lost -I hear these sountdrels coining! " "A' richt, sir-jump in; consme slang wi' us," said the miners, cheerily; " we'll be auoht hours in the pit." "That will do-eight hours ?" " Aye, sir-one shift o' aucbt hours, and then a longer- spell in the slack or off shift." This was about as intelligible as Sanorit or Oordoo to T.avice; but he knew that eight hours of successful concealment might enable him to escape. "Gie me your hand, air- jump, sir steady, so-and we'll tak' gude care o' ye ;" and the moment he was in, a signal was given, and they vanished from the surface. Travice had never been in a pit before, and he seemed to lose his breath in the rapidity of the descent, as it seemed, into the bowels of the earth. Fixed in the basket, he stood erect, like his four conm panions, and all grasped the chain. Down, down they glided, with a steady and scarcely perceptible motion, through a cylinder of seix feet in diameter, solidly built all round. He could not and dared not look below; he coast his eyes upward to where the surface of the earth was receding, and to where the sky was reduced to a small round patch of deep cold blue, out of which some stars twinkled with a brilliance that seemed un natural. Noises andt voice overhead became indistinct, and anon passed away; then nothing was heard but the rush of cold air upward, and the jarring of the basket as it swept down the cylinder of stone. The lamps in the miners' hat gave a gro tesque horror to the deepening gloom, and when at a vast depth Travice felt his head grow giddy, compelling him to look down, he struck his brow against the aide of the pit, and might have fallen from the bucket had not the strong arm of a miner (who growled an angry oath in his ear) been cast around him. His face, which had been all a-glow with exercise, and seemed as red in the glare of the lights near the pit-mouth, looked so cold, white, and stern in the gleams of their safety-lamps, that the miners regarded him and each other with an instinctive uneasiness that might have been the foreboding of what was to ensue. Down, down yet, through strata of lime stone, trap, and friable slate; and now icy drops of water and tiny pieces of coal struck him at times on the face. Dreary was the silence, and dreary the darkness, and now voices and sounds began to ascend as from a world below; then lights and moving figures appeared, as the space suddenly widened on all sides. "Steady the basket!" cried a hoarse voice; then the motion ceased, and Travice Oheatwood found himself more than two hundred feet below the upper earth and air; while the novelty of his situation, and the suddenness with which it came to pass, though it brought a certain sense of security after bhis recent flight, made his heart beat almost painfully. Yet he strove to carry a brave air to those about him. "My good fellows, you have been very kind to me," said he, as he opened his purse and put into the hand-palms of the men almost a handful of Hesbia's money. "By my faith, sir!" exclaimed one, "had I been like you-" " In what respect? " " Sae rich, I moan." "Rich, indeed ! well?" "I'd has seen this black hole at the deil, before venturing into it." "At the devil --ebh it . . "Yes, sir." "My dear fellow, I fear I was going that way after all, and only took this en route, you see." "It's hard to has to flee for honest debt," said the miner; " but tak ye tent noo, and learn for the future to put your hand twice to your bonnet for once to your pouch." For a time the fugitive could distinguish nothing; all seemed dark or vague, and shadowy uncertainties; ghost-like outlines of human figures were passing to and fro: then columns of coal, caverns of coal, seams of coal, blackness, damp, grim, horror, and discomfort everywhere began gradually to make themselves visible by. the light of the covered lamps. The columns were generally composed of that slaty kind of stone which usually accompanies coal, and exhibits the impression of fossil faish, of ferns and other plants which had grown and passed away ere the seas and volcanic fires of unknown ages hurled rooks and mountains upon mighty frosts till land and water changed their places. In no disposition to moralise, Travice Obeatwood looked shudderingly around him. Some thirty men or more were at work in the pit, and three several Shetland ponies were employed- to draw the coal from the more remote parts of the workings to the main shaft; and all these sturdy little ani male by the darkness were rendered blind now, and were more shaggy and uncombed than when they had roamed in wild herds over the green grassy holms and surf-beaten voes of their breezy native isles. "Eight hours!" thought Travice, as he looked at his watch ; "if I reach the surface again by two or three to-morrow morning, I may get clear off to a distance before day break; but to be eight hours hero-- perhaps more-ugh i how shall Iendure them ?" After a time he began to see objects with more clearness, and could move about be tween the pillars of coal or slate that were left at regular intervals to support tihe roof of the mine (about a foot or so above his head), and he could not avoid shuddering when he saw in some places men nearly nude, lying at full length, and working sideways, or, like rats in a drain, crawling into the narrower seams that sloped up ward oi downward as the strata lay at vari ous angles, and picking out the coal with an are from between the successive layers of lime and iron- stone. "Work, my man," said a collier who had been eyeing him with some curiosity, for his story had been noised haboeat in the mine; "it will be gode for you, and help to spend the eerie time; there's a baggle-a wee slype far three hundredweight; drag that to the nearest senm, and fill it wi' coanl if you 0an ?yle your dainty hands wi' slc w.rk." Tbh half-scoraful laugh of the n mn sounded harshly, ai it was reverberated among the echoe* of thR mits; but ITravice looked withl wonder and horror at hunan beings dragging thosen " ulypes," some of them on hands and knees, throgh narrow seums in the stratum of coal, in literal suits of harness compoised of straps and chainsIR ; and by suclh miserable means as these are brought to irpper air tl?e garnered stores of past and unknown ages, to meet the requirements of oor time, anrd to aid with iron anrd electricity in bringing together the ends of the earth, andl achieving a new destiny for man I "Od' man, when I was a halfling boirn," resumed the miner, "I've dragged four-and forty rakes a day, in a fifty-six pound trim mer basket, and keepit my auld mother in ease and comfort by her ingle cheek I What think ye o' that? ' But the wretched Trovice, who s?earcely understood a word the Scolchmon said, only shivered, and made no response. Through not of a very imaginative torn, whin he looked around him and contemplnted the dreairy vault from which thie moisture (dis. tilled perhaps from drains and .rivrlets tar abive their heidRs), pllashed in the inseen pools below, the blackners everywhere, soave when Davy lamps of the works gave out un certain gleams; tihe strange noises; the alank of unseen chains; the singular and un natural echoes;' tie noxious vapours; thie ex halation of gases and the intensai helt of the almospbere, suggestive of fire-drmpr (of which there had been many unplesnnt? rumours of late), all might have conduced tomakle him believe that Ihe had passed awiy-f~rom mortal life, andil was now in the infernalisgions I Juden Grabbie he knew was on his track; but whlat of Mr. Nathtllan Nab of the Liver pool detective force ? IHow had he fared after his rough tumble into thire old quarry ? What if he was deadn! What would tire coroner's inquest say ? T'['here was no suoh tribune in Scotlanid; but there was a local procurator fiscal whose name was surggestive be know not of what; but Travion rermem bered how he once saw no inquest in Enigland, with all tie genteel idlers of a petty asthedral city, the curious tradeefolke, the grimy mob, and the street- urchiuo hrovering about ro inn where a dead body lay-on a table, in all its rigidity and horrid angularity, coverei Iy a white treet. Was he the samo Travice OCeatwood who, notwithstanding all his monetary trouble, gambling ehifts, and reck lessness, had led a lire of tolerable luxury, ease, idleness, and fashionable dissipatrion; who at times when he had made up a success. ful book on a few races bihad kept hris hunters and drag, with a box at the opera, and a cottage at St. John's Woodr; who could prove himself a judge of the best wine and good hIoree; who occssionally associated with men of rank ind money, turf-bunters, turfites, and gamblera however; and who, from bhring a member of his uncle's lutrurious househlld, the crmpianion-even the wonld.be lover ot the heautrful Hesbia-l'irnmlo dr maisor evrr since Sir Cullender Crowdy (" that peculiar fisby party," as he always called him) had left-could be, he asked of himself--be the same man who was now sunk to an ebb so low that he was a fugitive, glad to lurk in a hideous coal-mine, fleeing from hobarges of felony, the associate and the protected of those he deemed but puor degraded slaves, yet each of whom was tearless anod free, and when compared .with himr, to be erovied 'Travice could almost have wept in his rage; and with intense birterness of heart he sighed heavily. He looked at hiris watch rgain. An other hour had actually elapsed-but only one hour; how long and dreary it had seemed I Six, perhaps seven more hours must be ,passed in that horrible place, for sucoh it seemed to Travice, though the industrious bread-winners of half the adjacent village toiled there in sturdy cheerfulness. Hastily he put up his watch, for it was a handsome gold one, and he trembled lest it might ex oite the cupidity of some of those grimy men, who worked like pantomimic fiends or the gnomes of a German story in those dark seams. and fissure, where a blow from a pickaxe might find him a sure and secret grave for ever. In esearching his pocklets he found a last cigar in his case, rind with a muotered exclamation of intense satisfaction, hire drew it forth, leisurely bit off the end, and, ignorant of the atmospherio dangers by which he was surrounded, looked about him for a-light! Near him wasr a Davy lamp, which one of the miners had placed on a pillar of coal. It was one of those very lamps which the philanthropio Sir Hum phrey invented, with a lid of tissue wire so construoted that it might be used with safety even in the most explosive mines. In his ignorance, the unfortunate Travice unlocked and removed the tissue cover, and was pro ceeding very deliberately to light his cigar, when a heavy hand was laid on his arm, and his eyes were met by the malignant emile that glittered in those of lJuden Grab bie. Ere either could speak, there came a wild cry-a shriek of alarm from various parts of the mine-"the lamp, the lamp! Fly to the shaft, fly for your lives! Fire, fire!" Then followed a terrifio-a blinding ex plosion, and all the pit was involved in darkness, smoke, and chaos-agony and death. OcKATER XXXVII. Accompanied by Mademoiselle Savonette and one or two other servants, Hesbia was soon at the saene of the disastrous calamity, where a soul-stirring, bewildering, and ter rible spectacle awaited her. The engine house, the offices, and sheds around the mouth of the yawning shaft were crowded by pale and terrified people who, on the first note of alarm, had rushed there from tirhe adjaceit village. Many of these were the wives, mothers, children,and friends of those who were in the mine, and their wailings and lamentations were heard at intervais amid the fierce roaring of the red flames that rushed skyward from the pit, and the excited voices of the gathering workmen, who were bravely ready to do any task that might be assigned them by any one in authority. Two hundred feet and more below where they stood, it was known that from thirty to forty men, living or dead, were immured in tlhat sublterranean tomb of fire, the sides and roof, floor and entire substance of which all served to feed the great element of dee truction. The flames from the shaft lit up the whole locality, dispelling the gloom pf night after the moon waned, and casting strange weird gleams and shadows on the faces of the ex cited and agonised watchers and on the mysterious-looking machinery, th.e olumsy beams, the grimy wheels and chains of tile engine-house. And now, to add to the grief and consternation of many who might already be widowed and childless, yet kneow it not, a bellowing roar at a little distance announced the explosion of another mine, with which the workings of the first one communicated and a dense pall of black emake filled all the air, overhanging the startled and now almost deesrted village, where every door was left wide open, and every firobideo abandoned; and in fatuous grief and terror, the names of those who were too surely supposed to be perishing, were lovingly called in varying tones, amid sobs and shrieks that seemed to load the air. In the first shaft the flames soon began to subside, or to shoot up their black mouth at jntervals only; so fires of coal were speedily set'ablaze, and the wavering light of these, as they flared upon the night wind, tipped every noighbouring object with ire. On tlhe brown, crisp woods of the old manor house, and far away by Oakwoodlee; on the beetling brow of OCraigeollon, and the slopes of the more distant hills; even on the gilded weathercock of the seooluded church, making it shine like a red star, fell the ruddy light; and on the green mounds of the Kaims (or old Roman camp), which were verdant and grassy, and had been old, by more than a thousand years, in the days when Hector Boothius (who knew neither of coal nor of coal-pits) recorded that the men of Fife and the Lothians were wont to dig a black stone, which, lwhen kindled, gave forth a hoeat that would melt iron. Till the flames completely subsided below notlhing could be done in thle way of ex ploration or descent, and the gathered people, the wailing, the weeping, and the hopeless, could hut watch and wait, and wring their hands and pray. Clutching Savonoette (who had completely exhausted the entire and somewhat ample vocabulary of French interjections expressive of wonder and horror), Hesbia Vere, seated or stand ing, lingered among thie heaps of debris, coals, shalo, and rubbish, while continuing to gaze in a species of stupor at the mouth of the pit, which for a time seemed but as the vent of a mighty furnace. Of the vast monetary loss this calamity would inevitably prove to her father, and how it might yet affect h?rsel~, she had not then a single thought. From the men in charge of the engine-house, both of whom sIle questioned closely, she learned beyond a doubt that Leneard Blair, with whose ap pearance they were quite familiar, one whom she knew must be her cousin Travice, and a third, Mr. Juden Grabbie, were all in the pit, and too probably would never leave it, for already the engineer, the manager, and others in charge were speaking of having it dtleluged with water, " lest," as they phrased it, " the seams might fire again." Could it beo possible, she thought, that he who loved her so well, the handsome Len nard Blair-he whose dark eyes had so lately been gazing with tenderness into her own; whose kiss had been so recently on her check, whose voice and loving smile were vividly in her mind, was down-down that dark, flaming, and mysterious gulph! It seemed all a phantasmagorie-a nightmare -a horrible unreality. He was abi?5nt from home, of that there could be no doubt, and the rapidly-spread rumour that " the young laird " (so was he fondly named still by many) was in the pits, speedily brought to the spot his two depend ants-the tottering Stephen Hislop, propped oin his staff, and the active yet querulous Elsie Graham; and there too gathered fast to give advice or aid, Dr. Feverloy, the Rev. D?. Kirkford, mounted on his caob; Ronald Cheyne on a foam- flecked roadster; the ground baillie: the sheriff, a solemn and priggish personage; the procurator-fiscal, a fussy little country solicitor with keen ferret eyes, a white shirt frill, and a huge Liu rence-kirk box, from which ever and anon he took pinches of snuff; the chief constable in his uniform, and hundreds of others to gratify their clriosity, till a dense throng on foot or horseback filled up all the excited neighbourhood. Community of sentiment or grief drew Elsie near to where, with a warm cloak and rich velvet hood drawn over her, Hesbia Vere was seated on a pile of stones. "O, Eldie," said Miss Vere, weeping freely when she saw how bitterly the oldt woman wept, " this has come upon me as if it had been a thunderbtolt from heavet." "Aye, madam, and from heaven came the stroke, though why or wherefore we canna say and canna see," moaned Elsio, rocking her person to and fro in the abandonment of grief. "It is a great, a most unaccountable acoi dent." " Hech, aye, aye!" replied the old woman shaking her head; " and when sic accidents come, they bode mair ill-fortune than folk may at first decorn." "Evil fortune, Elsie, woman!" expostu lated Steinie, whose silver hairs were glis toning in the light of the watcti-fres. "The ill-luck and danger, the suffering and death are a' here in plenty without boding mair." " Aye,, but mair must and will happen," oroaked Elsie. "Do you think so ?" asked Hesbia, anxi ously. "She says truth, Miss Vere," said the minister, Dr. Kirkford, who hadnow dis mounted and hold his Galloway by its bridle; " from what the engineers are say. ing, I fear that your father's pits are ruined for ever." "I heed not the pits, sir," said Hesbin, amid a torrent of tears; "I think only of those who are in them. O, Dr. Kirkford, how long may the fire continue to burn there below ? " " Whto can say? There are mines in Fife that have continued to smoulder on for ages." " Ages ! and what is the first cause ?" "Fulminating damp, which in general can only be kindled by flame, through gross carelessness or deliberate malice." "Malice, doctor!" echoed Hestin, con necoting the idea with hier cousin Travico. " Yes," replied the portly ild man, as ihe patted her shoulder; "such things have been." " But wilfully or maliciously to sot fire to a coashmino is felony, without benefit of clergy, by-thie tenth parliament of George II," said the procurator-tjscal, .who stood by, tapping his enuff-blo c:mlPoaciintly. "Tell me, doctor, do-do--do you think that all in the pit must be-" "Be what, Miss Ver ? " "Dead by this time ?" asked Hesbia, in a broken voice. "I cannot say; I would earnestly and prayerfully hope not." "O, why should such horrors be? It is surely not tile willof God." "Why have we war and pestilence, ship wrecks, earthquakes, and sudden death? Man is a free agent, my dear Miss Vere; hut strange it is that such wholesale oalacmi ties as this should come of our enterprize, and our development of science andl skill. So what avails the promise that was given of old: 'I will bring thee to a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills ttlou mayest dig brass: where thou shalt lay up gold.as dust, and the gold of Ophir ns the stones of tile brooks.' Science draws toge ther the ends of the earth, yet in its pursuit and development men must die as these poor fellows are too probably dying now." And politely lifting his broad-brimmed hat, the stout anid kindly old clergyman moved away to those whom hlie thought re quired his ministrations and comforting asisurances more than the faslhionahle young lady-the wives and children of the men who were in the pit. Miss Hleshria drew a little way aside with Elsie and Savonette. In the horror of a conviction that Leonard had perished, im pressed by the active terrors of the scene, and by the noisy but natural grief of tile people around her, she forgot all her (occasional) selfish fears of how a life of comparative poverty could be splent with him, in casse her father cast them off, or commercial disaster overtook them all; for such fears she had not been without of late. But Lsnnard was gone-too probably gone for ever-by a dreadful dearth, scorched perhaps out of the seomblarnce of humanrity, and entombed in that subterranean cata comb-so she could weep for him freely now, and, for a time, cared not even if her cold father knew that she had loved hinm. Her absorbing question was, what pur pose had taken him into such a strange place as the pit, and with such a pitiful creature as Juden Grabibie? That secret object, alas! sihe might never know, and she might never look upon his face again. The pit was on fire, and ihe within it! So there was nothing to be done hut wait in agony nothing, nothing-hut to wait for the end. "O, Miss Vere," said Elsie in a low voice, as she crouched at Hesbia's feet and still rocked herself to and fro; " thie puir lad that's gane loved you-loved you well !" " Hash, Elsie I hush!" "And wherefore should I hush?" asked the old woman, almost sternly, as she lifted her head. " My brave lamb was proud of it, and surely you dinna feel ashamed ? " "Ah no, Eleie, you mistake me; but you see how sorrow and trouble come upon us all in turns, rich as well as poor." "True, true, Miss Vere, to every one in tihe world ; but this stroke is a heavy one to me. I was his nurse in the saiuld house up the brae yonder, and he became to me even as my ain bairn when his puir mother died. You are young and rich and winsome, and may soon find others to love you; but I am a lhnely, torsoken auld body, and shall never have another to love me as he did I And oh, Miss oVere, it seems but as yesterday when I had him on my knee a smiling wean, round as an egg and straight as a lance; but never mair can these rild hands of mine smooth his shining curls o' gold; for t6iy were golden as the bells o' thire bonnio broom bush, when he was a bairn I" said Elsie, her native accent deepening with her grief, which at times became uncontrollable. "Blairavon is gane--wood, hill, and muirland; and now the last o' the old stock that has hunted and hosted, feasted-iaye, and fought wi' kings-hath gone too," said fislop, as he struck his staff into the turf. "So you and I, Elsie, has been ower lang here; we hne outlived our kith, our kindred, and our time I " " His name, I fear me, was an unlucky one. Why did the auld laird name his first-horn after his drowned brother Len nard ?P" "Because he did so love that brother," said Steinie. So thie exciting hours of the night wore on, and Hesbia lingered there listening, as one in a dream, to those about hier, speaking of firs-damp, of gaseous exhalations through issures in the rocks, of Davy lamps, and the recklessness of miners in leaving them opened or unlocked; of their smoking, and having lucifers in their pockets ; of turning water into the mine; and to the vague and often wild suggestions made by the excited, the ignorant, or unthinking; till murmurs of hope began to mingle with the sobs of women and children, ns the flames from tihe pit became loss and loses, and after a time died completely away, leaving its round blcuk mouth of calcined brick andl stone, yawning in thie light of thie flaming cresets and coal-heaps. Anxiously and intently many an ear and many a yearning face were bent over the fatal pit; but no sound came upward from the horrid depth below. Had all then perished ? Hesbia was liberal and open-handed, and from the great house she had brought and dlistributed bty thire butler's hands, spirits, winos, food, and money too, among the workers, and the anxious, pale, and affrighted women who lingered in sorrow around that disastrous grave, which certain brave fellows were now making vigorous preparations to descend and explore. By this time Mr. Vere had been tele graphed for by his ground bailie, and was speeding north by thle Lincaster and Oarlisle railway; and now when his hardsomo young daughter, whose softdishevelled hair seemed turned to ruddy gold by the lights that flumed around the pit, rose at last to retire, tile eyes and the blessings of many followed her. Heshia was becoming exhausted, so MIr. COeynoe resolutely torok hier Ihomrne, urged by Feverley, whose professional duty kept him attiln scone of the sccident. And now the long and miserable night, which lhad seemed like an age to many there, was passing away, for in the east the faint grey of dawn 1 was stealing in; thie peaks of the hIigihest hIills began to brighten, as the light stole down their grassy slopes, and the shadows gave place to it even s thle rvalhy1e. The cold stars paled and faded out one by one, anlnd thire light of the watch fires begran to sink and die, as ttle brilliant suo of ai glori ous autumn morning, throug!hr bars of critm son and amber, sired his warmth over tihe beautiful soounery i the birds twittered in the hodgerows, and thre hawk hunrg aloft in mid air; the corn-fields rolled their golden bit. lowa, and the dewy woodlands rustled their crisp foliage in the soft wind that name from the western hills. But many an eye was red with weoping and watchinr; many a heart was sink i~id sore with grief; and many a Ihardy. bread-wiuner'e place and chairwere empty in thd'o~ica busy and happy little vil lage of Blairavon. ('o be conltintod.J 