THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, NOV. SO, 1874 Yet once again Mr. Charles Du Cane, who in I s few days will have ceased to be Governor of Tasmania, has had to say a few more farewell words, and in those he on Wednesday evening delivered to the members of the Tasmanian Club, His Excellency in no way disappointed the high expectations with which his admirable addresses are anticipated. Whatever the occasion His Excellency is equal to it, and quite at home in dealing with it ; and, as Mr. Justice Dobson well observed, Mr. Du Cane's speeches bear internal evidence of studious and careful preparation, and, replete as they are with infor- mation and advice, have in many instances already proved most valuable ; and His Honor was warnmted in believing would continue to prove valuable long after Mr. Du Cane shall have departed from Tasmania, for His Excel- lency speaks with such evident sincerity, and such an anxious desire to do good, that he not only commands attention, but incites reflection and thought, and these, fairly aroused, naturally lead to action. Accordingly His Excellency was justified in expressing the con- viction that, in the demonstrations of ropnrd for him as representative of the Queen, he could truce a recognition that he had " played his part to the satisfaction of the spectators." He will not bo remembered alone as " not altogether a do nothing nonentity in time of ease," but as one who has well discharged his duties, and of whom it will be said, in the words of Mr. Justice Dobson, the longer the Colonists knew him, the better they had beon able to learn and appreciate the great ability jindjtatesman like qualifications that had distinguished his career : a career that will leave behind it " foot prints on the sands of time " in the after history of Tasmania. The accumulating evidences of a reluctance on the part of Tasmania to part with His ExoELLENCY,and the many farewelladdrosaes he has been culled on to deliver, have evidently left a not unkindly impression on his mind, aud we can well imagine him saying, as he parts with one class of tho people after another, " Farewell ' a word that must be, and bath been A sound which makes us linger :-yet-farewell." A word in Mr. Du Cane's mouth that we feel assured conveys a determination to be of service to, as well as remember, Tasmania. This Colony, more than any of its neighbours, suffers from the little that is known of it at Home. Tasmania has few men of intelligence and experience capable of letting our wants and resources bo known, and influential enough to say with effect a word for it. With Mr. Du Cane to represent us and speak for us, we will have a friend at Court, which the proverb says is better than a penny in the purse. He told the members of the Tasmanian Club that in all questions affecting the welfare of the Colonies ' gener- ally, and of Tasmania in particular, he would take a lasting interest, and, if we mistake not, Mr. Du Cane is of those with whom to take an interest moans to do. In the words of Mr. Justice Dobson, " Our educational and benevolent institutions have ever found in His Excellency a gonerouB patron and a hearty supporter. He has done his best to promote the interests of all these institutions which are cal- culated to conduce to the well boing of the com- munity ; " and we may be sure that when he has gone out from amongst us, his professions of interest in our welfare will not prove mere empty words. It is well to have this cheering assurance. It is satisfactory to know that should difficulty or misapprehension arise, we have one at head quarters who understands our condition and cir- cumstances ; can judge us properly ; and serve us effectively. But should we wait for such a time, or remain listless, trusting to the help of others? It is not thus Mr. Du Cane would have us act. In all his speeches he has impressed on us self reliance and personal effort, and in this his last utterance with which we are now dealing, he reminds us that the gods help those who help themselves. It is a proud boast to be able to say-and we believe Mr. Du Cane was justified in saying-that there is nothing he has said or done since he has been in the Colony that has not been in strict accordance with the letter and spirit of our Constitution. He has made Lord Elgin's definition of a Governor's duties his rule of conduct, by keeping above the strife of parties, and constituting himself in a special ' manner the patron of thoso larger and higher interests, such as thoso of education, of agricul- ture, and of moral and material progress in all its branches, because unlike the contests of parties, these unite the divided members of the body politic. Does all this teach us no lesson? Are we to wait and hope, or to be up and doing? Mr. Du CANE tells us to apply ourselves to the latter course, and gives us sound advice for our guidunce on several points ; advice which we should accept as a parting legacy, not only respecting the donor, but applying the talent committed to our care. Towards the good government of the Colony he urges an extension of our commercial relations, either by intercolonial reciprocity, or a Customs Union ; and on this subject he has expressed opinions which, coming from a former Member of a Conservative Government, should not be with out weight even in the other Colonies, Mr. Du Cane, bred we might almost venture to say,in the severest of the schools of protection, speaks with no uncertain utterance as to the soundness of a free trade polioy ; and though there was nothing new in it, his answer, in the presonce of an American officer, to the argument in favour of protection, drawn from the practice of the United States, was appropriate, and should be conclusive condemnation of the petty jealousies and inter- colonial war of tariffs that seek a procedent in the example of the States, yet refuse that mutual arrangement among the Colonies that distinguishes the trade between the different American States. In our internal Government, Mr. Du Cane tells us to take a broad and comprehensivo view of the Country's requirements, making the con- venience and advantage of the community at large the first consideration ; and towards the develop- ment of our internal communication he recom- mends a fair und impartial public works policy. He is evidently not of the school that is deterred by the question, Where is the money to come from ? He rather says, select your public works judiciously, and the required advantages will 1 follow. It will be no " leap in the dark," but means inducement to immigration and agricultural settlement on the Crown lands, and the investment of capital in the development of our mineral resources. On this part of his subject',Mr. Du Cane made some remarks of such importance that'wo do not wonder he desired a larger- audience than he then had. He has no sympathy with those who require Government to do every thing, and find an excuse for their own failings and shortcomings, in finding fault with Government. This is almoBt the, blot of Tas- manian public life, and as the Governor ex- pressed a desire that his words might be said to the people of Tasmania, we reproduce them : Treat your representative institutions as I recom- mended you at Campbell Town to treat your M"in Line of Railway, and make the best of them now that you have got them. Believe me when I say that all nations have the government they merit, and where political power ia vested in the people, the cry of misgovernraent and incapacity is a- greater reflection by far upon the people by whom it is raised, and not redressed, than upon those by whom thoy submit to be governed. Political institutions are after all but machines, of which the motive power is' to bo found in tho national cha- racter and in public opinion, und well has it been said by Mr. Stuart Mill, that inactivity, uoaspitingncss, absence of desire, are more fatal hindrances to improvement than I any misdirection of energy, and aro those through which alone, when existiog in the moss, any misdirection on the part of an energetic few becomes practicable. What a different Colony would this be ;' how different the constitution of itB Parliament ; how much more generous the judgment of the public on Members; how much greater the sense of duty on the part of the people. We have only space to refer to one other portion of His Excel- lency's speech, and were his recommendations acted on the intelligence of the people would keep pace with. the good government and material progress of the Colony. On the' subject of education, on which Mr. Du Cane spoke so admirably in the Town Hall in reply to the address of 'the Council of Edu- cation, he said ou Wednesday evening : "|If I refer to the subject of education, it is only to utter once more a warning note which I have already sounded. Believe me that you will best servo the cause of your scholarships and of superior education, by looking well to the lower steps of your ladder ; by letting the voice of the schoolmaster bo heard in the wildest and remotest bush districts, as well as in the towns ; and by seeing, too, that the teacher yon Bend forth, whether it bo to town or country, is duly qualified to execute his mission." The Board of Education are at one with His Excellency, and it remains with Parliament and the Country to give them the means of carrying out His Excellency's recommendation. Held Over.-We are obliged to hold over the report of the Board of Education, of the Police Court, Our Launceston Letter, Later Intercolonial Nowb, and local intelligence, including Notes ou To-morrow's Regatta. To make room for these, and several letters, we will publish a supplement with to-morrow's Mercury. The London Wool Sales.- It will bo seen by our Loudon telegram this morning that the wool sales opened on Tuesday last. Eighty thousand bales had arrived, of which 5,500 were offered, and realized prices equal to those obtained at last series. Board of Education.-At the ordinary meeting of the b'oard yesterday,.Dr. Butler brought forward his motion for the consideration of teachers' fees, with a view to better classification. After some bricfremarks from the mover, the secretary-was instructed to preparo a scale of remuneration at next meeting. Dr. Butler also gave notice that at next meeting ho would move tho consideration of certain regulation for the establishment and main- tenance of night schools under tho board. Mayor's Court.-At the Mayor's Courtyesterday before his Worship and Alderman Pearce, a man named Allen, for allowing a cow to be at largo in Arthur-street, Edward Lowry for allowing a horse to be at large in the same street, and Joseph Compsty for allowing three goats at large in Allison strcot, were each iincd 5s. and costs. Elias Barker, for allowing the chimney of her house to bo on fire, was also fined 5s. and costs. Privileges of Dogs.-Tho case of Sivan v. Godwin, an action for unlawfully shooting a dog, partially heard at the Police Court yesterday morning, involves a question of some importance. Godwin places a notice up to the effect that dogs found trespassing will be shot. A pointer, tho property of Swan, enters his garden, and runs about among tho crops growing there. Godwin there- upon shoots tho dog, and Swan enters au actiou for unlawfully killing. Several cases were cited in support of the prosecution and defence on the sub- ject ; but the Bench, on reading over the several Acts applicable to the case, deemed it one requiring consideration ; and, with that object, adjourned tho case till Tuesday next. The decision will be heard with some interest, as it is one which will materially decide the privileges of the dog, of which animal Cuvier remarks that1 he is " the most complete, the most singular,'and most successful conquest, ever made by-man.". ' . Benevolent Society.-The usual weekly meeting of the Benevolent Society was held in the Depot yesterday afternoon. There were present-Dr. Hall (chairman), and Messrs. Withrington, Mather, Crouch, Wilson, and the Registrar. During the past week there had been discharged from tho Cascades Invalid DepOt five inmates ; and from the Brickfields three. Since the 12th hist, there had beeu forty cases ; and 114 individuals relieved ; 31 full, and 9 half rations. To an old woman, an out-door patient of the hospital, half rations were granted for a fortnight. In the caBe of a young woman, aged 23, (with a family of four children), whoso husband was away seeking work, relief was continued. , There being no other business, the committee then adjourned. Cottage Gardeners' Society of West Hobart. -The committee of the West Hobart Cottage Gar- deners' Society held a meeting last evening in St. John's schoolroom, Goulburn-street. Mr. F. H. lunes occupied tho chair. It was moved by Mr. Stanley, and seconded by Mr. W. A. AValton, "That the names of Messrs Crano and Wm. Smith be added to the committee." Carried. It was then moved by tho How C. P. Green, and seconded by Air. Graves, " That the following gentlemen form a Bub-committee, to draw up a codo of hiIdb, to be submitted on Wodncsday noxt at 7 p.m. :-Messrs. W. H. Smith, F. H. Innes, J. M. Stanley, W. Smith, and A. ,yY. Walton." Carried. On tho motion of Mr. Graves, seconded by Mr. Walton, Mr. W. H. Smith.waa elected secretary, and Mr. James Gray,. M,H.'A., treasurer to the socioty. A vote of thanks having been unanimously accorded the chairman, the meeting adjourned. The oom uiittoo will moot again on next Wednesday, and a general mooting bo hold on Thursday next, in St. John's schoolroom, Goulburn-street, at 7.30 p.m. At the close of tho-mceting, Mr. James Gray, the momber for the district, generously handed over a cheque for £5 towards the funds of the socioty. The Poultry Society's Sweepstake-i. - Au advertisement in another column will remitid fanciers that tho various sweepstakes in Poultry, Belgian Canaries, and Carrier .Pigeons, for tho 1875 exhibition, must bo registered before 9 o'clock to- night, at tho Moahnnic? Instituto. The competition i in Bwoeps will consist of young birds, roared during I the present season, and.as a large number of entries aro in the bon. secretary's hands from tho Northern and Midland Associations, wo presumo Southern members will not bo behind with their exhibits, and I so continue the healthy emulation of rivalry which has been productivo of such good results in our Poultry Societies, It will bo soon that £1 is to bo added to all tho sweepstakes, and this should cer- tainly produco a varied and excellent list in this interesting portion of tho Poulty Society's (Show. Poultry, Pigeon, ami Canary Society. Sweepstakes for poultry, pigeons, and canaricB, will bo received by Mr. A. Walker, socrotary, until nine o'clock on Monday evouing, tho 14th of December. The Steamer Monarch.-By advertisement in another column, it Will be' seen that after Monday noxt, the Monareh will leave the Franklin Wharf on the afternootiB of Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at half-past three o'olook, and Satur- day at two o'clock. Jack Ashore.-The American blue jacket, like his British prototype, oviuces a most decided tasto for equestrian exercises. 'Yesterday afternoon several tars belonging to tho U.S.S. Swatara, mounted on choice " thoroughbreds " scampered up and down the different streets of the oity, heedless, alike of tho laughter of the boholders, and sundry mouthfula of Tasmanian earth, whioh their chargers induced thom to sample Mutual Fire -Insurance Company of Tas mania,-Tho adjournod first annual meeting of the company will be held in the Mechanics' Institute, Launceston, «n Tuesday evening, the 24tbiait, Theatre Royal.-The performance last night was under the patronage of Captain Chandler and the officers of the U.S.S. S watara, and was also for the benefit of Professor Hennccki. The house was crowded in every part, except the dress circle, which was fairly filled. Some of the officers of the Swatara were present, and a large number of seamen belonging to the same vessel were scattered through all parts of the theatre. One of the prin- cipal attractions was the announcement that four of the Swatara men would appear as American Champion sand jig and clog dancers, and the audience were not disappointed. Tho dancing was excellent, and so much was it appreciated that each of the men had to submit to an encore. Mr. Barlow ,\vas, if possible, better than ever, and everything he «lid took immensely. The song "Have yon seen the Ghost" was capitally rcndoral, and in response to a numerous call, he gave that intensely amusing song of his own composition, "The Prickly Heat ? " Professor Henneoki's feats of legerdemain were all executed with great cleverness, and the illusion of the Sphinx, or Mr. Barlow's head, was complete. On the whole, a more enjoy- able evening's entertainment could not be desired. This evening Mr. Barlow is to appear in Borne new character. On Monday evening the troupe will appear for the last time. A Tasmanian Jack Sheppard. - The exploits of a man named Elton, better known as " Slashing Jack," would form a very interesting narrative could they be collected and put into readable form. He is pretty well known to the police throughout tho colony, and the probability of his ceasing his acquaintance with that estimable body of men appears to be very remote. It is said that Elton haajescaped from half the gaols and lock-ups of the colony. Some three years ago he was under sen- tence at One Tree Point, where he was employed on -that famous work,the Alexandra Battery. He there managed to elude the vigilance of his guardians, and has been abroad ever since. A few days ago, however, he was captured in the Richmond district, and on Saturday last he was brought before the Warden of Richmond, Mr. W. C. Simmons, and remanded to Hobart Town. But he was too clever for the Richmond police.. He was put in the lock- up, which is a very strong building, and escaped very soon after. An ordinary man, unacquainted with tho structure of gaols, would find it exceedingly difficult to obtain freedom from this lock-up ; but it may explain matters better, if we mention that on a former occasion Elton escaped from the same place of confinement, and therefore knew the trick well. Even with this knowledge, however, he has shown considerable ingenuity and boldness in his mode of escape, and we should strongly recommend that, if he is again captured, steps be taken to retain him. At present, he can defy the law with a good deal of bravado. A Desperate Port Arthur Man.-A man named Bright, who recently escaped from custody at Port Arthur, was apprehended on Wednesday evening in the Richmond district. It appears that three young men, named Wagner, Grice, and Gill, had been out shearing, and in the evening returned to Wagner's hut, situate at the White Kangaroo River. On entering the hut, they saw somebody disappear under the bed, and on being ordered to do so, a man, afterwards recognised as Bright, came out. On being asked what he wanted there, he said he was hungry, and wished for something to eat. We may mention that on the previous evening the house of a farmer named Iles, living in that locality, was broken into, and a quantity of things stolen. One of the young men, on looking at the apparel Bright had on, turned round to Wagner and re- marked that the man had some of Iles's clothes on. On Bright hearing this, he made a bolt, and ran into the bush. The three young men followed him, and soon overtook him, but he had no intention of voluntarily surrendering his liberty, for he turned round on his pursuers, and drew a knife, making use of some fearful threats of what he would do if they ventured to seize him. However, nothing daunted, Wagner rushed on him and threw him down, and with the assistance of the others, Bright was very soon captured, but not before he had wounded Wagner on the arm and hand. Very great credit is due to all the young men, Wagner espe- cially, for the courage they displayed in bringing this desperado once more under control. Bright had a large swag, containing some new blankets and a quantity of clothing ; but it would appear that he had been unable to purloin a pair of boots, for those he had on came from Port Arthur. Sub-inspector Lynch, on being sent for, at once recognised Bright, who is now in the Richmond lock-up, on a charge of breaking into Mr. Iles's house. Escape from Drowning.-At half-past four o'clock yesterday afternoon a little girl named Eliza Hanlon, who had charge of a baby sister, stepped into a boat moored alongside the fish market steps. After getting into tho boat she requested a girl on shore to nanti her tho baby, and in receiving the precious burden she lost her balance, and both sisters fell into the water. With praiseworthy Eromptitudo the other girl, whose name we regret eing unable to ascertain, ran down the stops, and rescued hor playmates from their dangerous AFoulBlow.-A lad nainedEdwardM'Loughlin, 14 years of age, went to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a contused wound along the left elbow. He stated that a boy struck him with a stone tied to the end of a rope, in the Roman Catholic glebe. The wound was dressed, and M'Loughlin went home. A new Entrance to Franklin Square.-We notice that a gate is being placed at tho corner of the Franklin Gardens facing the "old tree." The erection of the gate at the corner of Macquarie and Elizabeth-streets is also contemplated. This will supply a long felt, and much complained of want. Derwent Rowing Club. - Our advertising columns contains the entries for. the Derwent Rowing Club Regatta to bo hold to-morrow. A good day's amusement may bo expected, should the weather prove fine, Derwent Sailing Boat Club.-At 1'30 p.m. on Saturday.tho boats will tako up a position off the Castray Esplanado aud thonco proceed to tho regatta grouud, where they will manouvra under the flag of Commodore Tarleton. It is to be hoped that all the club boats will turn out, aud endeavour to maka the affair a success. Ebenezer Schoolroom.-Last evening, the members of the Hope of Tasmania Lodge held their usual monthly meeting in the Ebenezer Schoolroom ; Bro. _ J. Doyle in tho chair. Several speeches in advocacy of the Good Templar causo were dcliverod during the evening. A number of snugs and recitations added to the attractiveness of tho meeting, which was largely attended. Concert at the Memorial Hall.-A vocal and instrumental concert, rendered by lady and gentle- man amateurs, was given at the Memorial Hall last evening. There was a very largo attendance, and tho hall presented quite a cay appearance, the plat- form being decorated with Targe bouquets of flowers, and banners. The programme was judiciously solected, and was carefully and praiseworthily per- formed, several of the pieces being warmly applauded. Miss Green presided at the pianoforto ; and Mr. Cox acted as leader. Tho eutcrtainmont was in connection with the Congregational Literary Association. Concert.-A concert in aid of tho funds of the BreamjCreek Crioket Club, will be held at the resi- dence of Mr. J. W. Allanby this oveuing. St. George's Sciioolroom, Battery Point. A miscellaneous entertainment is to take place this evening, commencing at eight o'clock, the proceeds will be devoted to a good work in connection with tho parish. Messrs. Roberts and Co's Sorell Sale.-Tho fortnightly stock sale at Soroll on Wednesday, was ti p to the average, and tho real properties of Mr. Joseph Cooper wore disposed of at satisfactory prices to all concerned. Tho recont rains will próvido good feed ; and the next fortnightly Sorell salo will present good stock, prior to tho Christmas show of something in tho way of choice stook-recherche. InsukkioientlyStamped.-Mr.AugtiBtusLudboy, Toongablie, near Eaglo Hawk, North Gipps Land. The Transit Of Venus,-Tho United States screw corvotto Swatara, of 1,000 tona, Captain R. Chandler, which loft Now York on tho 9th of Juno, with ' tho members of tho Amorican Sciontifio Expedition in connexion with tho transit of VenuB, and called at Ballia on tho 14th of July, put into Table Bay on tho 5th of August for supplies. She was expeotod to loavo tho Capo early on tho morning of Monday the 17th ult., and will proceod to the following islands :-Van Diomon's Land, Kerguelen Island, Crozetto Island, New Zealand, and Chatham Island ; at each of those islands a small party of astronomers, will bo landed in order to tako the necessary observations. During their stay at the Capo, Captain Chandler and Iub officers and the members of tho Venus Expedition woro ontortaincd at a series of parties by tho naval authorities at Simons Town, tho United States' Consul at Cape- town, and others ; and on the 15 ult. his Excellency Govornor Barkly gave a grand dinner party, after whioh Lady Barkly gave a reception, whon tho leading citizens of Capetown wore introduced to tho gentlemen forming tho scientific expedition. Tho Swatara took on board about 150 tous of coals and a largo quantity of stores. She ia expected to return to the Capo in Fobuary or March noxt, on the home- ward voyogo to Now York.-Timen, Sopt. 12th. Know your Company.--A Scotch papor Bays : A short time since n little commercial traveller chanced to got into tho same railway enrriago in wbiob tho Dukes of Argyle and Northumberland woro travelling. The three ohattod familiarly until tho train stopped at Alnwick Junction, when tho Duko of Northumberland got out, and was mot by a train of flunkeys and servants. " That must bo a great swell, " said the " commercial" to his roinaining companion, " Yes," responded tho Duko of Argylo, " ho is the Duke of Northumberland." " Bless my soul?" exclaimed the "commercial." "And to think that ho should havo boon so condescending to two little snobs like us !" 