BISHOP PA TTESON 'THE' U1S :::; , - SlONARY. . Not only must the missionary olergyman, but also the missionary bishop attend to the pettiest of details. Patteson describes him. self some years after he had been oonsecrated bishop as every morning seeing that the lads washed properly, while if 'any one is sick~ he is always one of the nurses." When typhoid fever broke out 'among them he slept "only from 12.30 or 1 to 5, and was in thelhoapital all day." For sucha lifo as tn osu missionary must be a man of a cultivated mind and of a liberal educa tion, he ought also "to .be a carpenter, a mason, something of a butcher, and a good deal of a cook." He ought to know how " to fit squares of glass into window frames, which last, of course, he ought to make him. self;" while he certainly should know how " to tinker a bit." No man disliked more than he what he calls " the ordinary non sense about startling conversions, rapid results," &c.; He stuck to "a matter-of-fact, unsentimental way of stating the facts of heathenism." lie could not endure that stories of his adventures and his pupils should " become, as it were, stock for excit. ing interest at home. There was something in his nature that shrank from -publishing accounts of individoal pupils as a breach of confidence, as musch, or perhaps even more, than if they had been English people, likely to'know what had been- done. Moreover, instances had come to his knowledge in which ham'bhad been done to both teachers and taught by their becoming aware that they were shown ol to the ~bullic in print." : In a word, he was an English gentleman, as well as'a priest in the English Church.' His fearlessness was not the least wonderful part about him. He would often, as his small ship, the Soutlhern Croe,s drew near some island, 'plunge Iuto the sea, and, swimming to the shore, go up to the natives holding in his hand a few fishbooks or some othar trifling -matters as a present. His safety lay, he was convincel, in showing no dis trust. More than once, as his comrades have recorded, when he had seen some fellow close by fit an arrow to his bow.string and aim it at him, had he steadily looked upon him with a gecntle and even a smiling face till the bow was lowered. And yet thie wound from aun arrow in that climate, if.not fatal at once, often ended, as he knew only too well, in lock.jaw and the most miserable of deaths. He rapidly won the love and the trust of the inhabitants of many of, the Islands, and, though, as he himself often owns, the result was butpoorcompared with the efforts made,- yet a beginning was made. Everything was going on well till the revival of.the cursed slave trade under a disguisedl form by the colony of Queenisland undid half hiswork, and,beofore long caused his death. The natives became suspicious, and avenged the white man's cruelties on those who, were' 1 white, i Though he was but forty-four when I Los as murdered,, yet it was clear, that. he t was nearly wornout..with his long labours. . For himself his end c as niot unhappy. -He was saved fromthat misery .which awaits a a mani of great activity who has outliveodhfs t powers., , .. v .Adoirable as was Patteson's character, C yet there was that of the priest about him a which marred,the man.- High Churchman t though he was, he did indeed view with dia.; . like the rapid advances towardis sperstitious a follies made by so manyof his party since he had left Englnnd. And yet, with all his a general broadtl of character and sound com. t men.eoane, ho was !limself only in degree t freer rorom superstition thn the Ititualists of p his old cpuntry. Aie is not quite an super- d sttious as some of his friends would makeo him, however, nor do we'think that they are s1 ltogether.justified, in saying- that. he ever fi tugct,'thlt the Churh,alone gives security a o.aving unuipswith,Ciriet.:l. Yet thestress, t( bhJaid I,en?,ritesinad "form, is1- lamentable I enough., Qnone oaoslosioh -?,'rtes of pomo:- 1 bpys.freto4lnce tomOif~ta,cd,,that, ?toiigf/ al hecpulc4,cpot, ,et'explajn i tr'-them i.,"tkat,/ iv' oublIesoili,L?rdidarne frqomn heaven ,,,ani ? eliec.fnr,?Gur 'los,',nvorf?lelcss,,f'their./list th fdrulnsawsys sA,, e ~ ather, God.tlieon, aist 4 Ccjithes, h1Ply, Ghost,, only onie od.2 Asliortvtlsntceafttrwhg pr 4opiqlr la hail gqkhg 1 a 'slace ol Asocscacs a niictu juiIhnt,-m -which "mude every breath agony, .and worked a small ulcer in his throat, they made him say, 'God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, Jesus Christ, Son of God."' On another occasion, when a terrible dysentery -broke out among the students and they were dying fast, '"one of these lasi, when all hope was over, was wrapped in his white winding-sheet, carried into the chapel, and there baptised by the Bishop, with choked voice and weeping eyes." Surely, the poor lad with the sugar-case in his throat would have been jnstitied in say Ing with Voltaire, " An nom do Dieu, laissez meot mounir en rpes."' Ae we would not close our notice of the life of such a man as Patteson with a word of blame, we cannot do better than quote the last words of one of his favonrite pupils who died after many weeks of lingering consump tion. "Better," he said, " to die here with a bright heart than to live in -my old house with a dark one." Mlanyas were the hearts that were made esad by Patteson's death, not fewer were the hearts that were made bright by his life.-Pall M.all GCaeltte. 