SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND. By " Podabgus." London, 30th October, 1874. October, the month associated with lalling leaves and the brewing of strong beer, is also remarkable for the abundance of racing which closes the season at Newmarket. Trainers, with scarcely an exception, throw in for a share of the good things provided, and, with the prospect of a long period ot inaction before them, it is hard lines for those who come empty away. Crestfallen backers, disgusted with standing by - the favourites, <( wake up" with the conviction that they have discovered "the pea" at last. In this way thousands of the disappointed worshippers of George Frederick for the St. Leger riuhed madly on to Mornington, 6 yrs, 7st 3ib, for the Ceaarewitch directly the handicap ap peared. The Admiral, it was believed, had overlooked wHat was due to the winner of the City and Suburban and Great Metropolitan races at Epsem last year. Moreover, it was put about that the gallant old " salt." conscious when too late to rectify the error, had himself invested bis usual ' tenner" on Morning- ton, whose fflainfia thereafter were unflinchingly advo cated by the cheap sporting Press. The owner, however, displayed no eagerness anent the matter, suspecting no doubt that bis animal, one of whose legs had gone queer, wonld hardly stand the preparation for so severe a race. But the public cash came into the market and fast, and kept him at the head ef quotations Ubtil the flag went down. In other quarters it was st ongly fostered that Heeselden'e day, so long de ferred, was dose at hand, in spite of a bet of 10,000 to 400 laid ?g«»nRt, him by Mr. Gomm, an influential p«»fri?aii of the stable. From the latter the hone was removed a fortnight prior to the race upon becoming the sole property of Sir Frederick Johnstone, Then, in a trial, Heseeiden fairly ran away from Aldtich, after wbith his invincibility was set down as con- , elusive. Save the oWner and a select few, nobody at the eutoet fancied the unnamed gelding by Wamba out of Truth, 4 yrs, 6st 121b, displaying no form whatever when out more than a year ago, and whose last exploit consisted of dashing headlong into a shop- jnndow. The ill-luck, tso, so long hanging out over the Manton establishment operated against much faith Deuig placed in that direction, although it again com manded the services of Royal George, in t0 Aventuriere, a three -year old daughter of Adven turer, whose progeny of late have Xrequently figured at the fore. The pair were close together at the end of a trial at home, but the stable and the outside division went for Royal George, who ram up to Kio? Lud in the Cesaxewitch last year. Inquiries were numerous after Eole IL, Saltarelle, and Peut-Etre represOTting France ; while Germany was jubilant with their leoiently-treated Gamecock. Such were the chief topics of interest up to the .eventful after noon of the 13th inst., when twenty-seven competitors mustered at the post, all butseven of which had prices : attached to their no ues# Ces are witch Stakes, a free handicap of 25 sovs each, 16 tt», with 290 added. Second received 60 sora. 2m 2fur. 28yd a. 62 subs. Lord Ailesbuxy's b f Aventuriere, by Adventurer. 3 yrs, 6st I21b Glover 1 Mf0f - Swindell's b g by Wamba— Truth, 4 yrs, 5st _ 121b (carried <3st lib) ' F Archer 2 Count Nadasdy's hr c Gamecock, by Buccaneer— Game Pullet, 4 yrs, 7st 51b ... Huxtable 3 M. P. Aumont's ch c Peut-Etre, by Ventre St. Gris —La Favorite, 3 yrs, 6st lUb ... J. Govey 4 Hetimg : 6 to X each agst Mornington and the Truth geldmg, 6 to I agst Hesselden, 7 to lagsfc Louise Victoria, 16 to 1 agst Royal George, 16 to 1 agst Hole 11., 25 to 1 agst Aventuriere, 30 to 1 each agst Shannon and Gamecock, 33 to 1 each agst Lacy Fique, BoBctbel, and Chimes, 40 to 1 agst Aldrich 60 to leach agst Chivalrous, Scamp, Peut-Etre, and Saltarelle. 66 to 1 agst Charles, and 100 to 1 agst Tiebborne. _ The pace was made warn at starting by Quail, who, in the interest of the Truth gelding, running for a mile and a quarter, and then dropping away the command was assumed by Gamecock. IT immediate attendants were the Truth gelding, Tich- borne, Louise Victoria, Royal George, Aventuriere, Lacy, Chance, and Peut-Etre, after whom at a wide interval came Hesseiden, outpaced from the com mencement, and the collapse of Mornington at thi« point but too clearly indicated his fitness for the stud rather than for racing purposes. Coming down the hill from ' the Bushes" did not suit the action of Gamecock, which enabled the Truth geldiog .and Aventuriere to draw upon him before the bottom was gained, though he was not visibly beaten until within 160, yards of the chair. Aventuriere then obtained the advantage, and was instantly challenged by the IVTIH, . u„i. au- OIL - 1 . _ «? . - — gmuuigi nun -117 oiu uvwweigai carried m securing au eminent jockey told its tale at the finish, and the mare won a tremendous straggle by a head. Three lengths off Gamecock was thud ; Peut-Etre, fourth, twice as far from him ; Tichborne, fifth ; Reyal George next. Limping in with the crowd came Mornington, not broken down in the old leg behind, but in the near fore one, and only with difficulty was he got off the heath, thus vindicating the handicapper a judgment that the herse belonged to (he band of cripples, and had been dealt with accordingly. Run in 4m_n. 6|sec. Value of the: stakes £1,330. Later in the week the heroine of the Cesare witoh was pulled out for the Newmarket Oaks (Im. 7 fur. 158yds), and odds of 6 to 6 were betted on her. At Goodwood she had gained a head victory over La Co urease, the second to Apology in the One Thousand Guineas, and another close fight between the pair now ended in the French filly turning the tables by a neck. Twelve months ago I mentioned that after the present year the Jockey Club would discontinue adding the " monkey" to the Midrite Park Plate, with the object of expunging the most interesting ef two-year-old contests trom the pro gramme, simply on account of certain members of the governing body holding to the opinion that it prejudiced the Derby betting. To prevent the race tailing through, Mr. Blenkiron and Mr. Gee, both breeders ot bloody stock, volunteered to give the 500 sovs annually, which the club declined, but consented to reconsider the position of affairs after the magnifi cent spectacle the event furnished on Hiia occasion. Twenty-four youngsters fac3d the starter, including all the candidates of note previously performing in public. The main point, however, at issue was ascertaining which was the best two-year-old of the saason — Galopin or Holy Friar — neither of the half- dozen races won by the latter amounting in value to 500 sevs, and thereby escaping a penalty, while Galopin's last triumph at Ascot imposed 4lb extra. Of the dark division Plebeian and Per Be (the latter in the Oaks, but the other not engaged in either of the great three-year-old prizes ot '75) were mest fancied, and by the subjoined return it will be seen how well they played their parts. Middle Park Plate, ot 600 so vb, added to a sweep stakes of 30 sovs each, 20 ft. For two-year-olds— celts, 8 it 91b ; fillies and geldings, 8st 61b. Penal ties and maiden allowances. The second received 200 sovs, and the third 160 eovs. Six furlongs. 146 subs. Mr T. Brown's b c Plebeian, by Joskin — Queen Elizabeth, 8st 61b ... ...Mordan 1 Lord Dupplin's br f Per Se, by Hermit— Persever ance, 8st 131b ... ... ... T. Canton 2 Prince Baithyany's b c Galopin, by Vedette— Flying Due ess, 8st I31b (including 41b extra) Morris 3 Mr Launde's ch c Holy Friar, by Hermit — Thorsday, 8st91b ... ... ... ... J.Osborne 4 Betting at Start : 2 to ljaget Holy Friar, 6 to 1 agst Galopin, 10 to 1 each agst Plebeian, Punch, and Per Se, 100 to 6 each agst Telescope and Makeshift colt, 20 to 1 agst Horse Chesnut, 25 te 1 agst Balfe, 33 to 1 agst Woodlands, 40 to 1 each agst Chaplet, Per- ?lexe, and Fakenham Ghost, 50 to 1 agst Semper >urus, and 66 to 1 each agst Maud Victoria and Stray Shot. The earliest beaten were Telescope, Fakenham Ghost, and Punch, the race throughout being virtually confined to the placed quartette. Holy Friar (wide by himself on the left) was winning comfortably until he swerved from temper or distress in the last 160 yards, at which juncture Per Se, tightly. hemmed in between Galopin and Plebeian, was prevented making her effort, and by a head Plebeian snatched the verdict irom her grasp, heads eacn also dividing the ether three. Horse Chesnut, Chaplet, Punch, Stray Shot, and Telescope were next in the order given. Bun in lmin. 23sec. Value of the stakes, £3,349. Attributing Per tie's defeat to a cannon on the pari: of the winner, an objection was lodged against him by the filly's rider. It was overruled on the ground that the intoiruptionwas not intentional. By the result, Galopin, though only third, takes the palm as the best ot his year, while two of Hermit's children finishing in front together is no mean feather in the cap of that young sire, who " broke" the ring by pulling through in the Darby of '67. It will be remembered that last year the Plate was unexpectedly carried off by Newry, whose trainer purchased Plebian at a sale of yearlings on the following morn ing, the auctioneer, Mr. Tattersall, half jocosely remarking (hat he had secured another Middle Park Plate winner 1 Comment on such a " tip" is super- fluous. Scandal to the Church has sprung from for greater misdeeds than that juBt charged by nis diocesan upon the Rev. J. W. King, the incumbent of two benefices in Lincolnshire, better known in the turf world as " Mr |Launde," for breeding and running racehorses, to wit, Apology and Holy Friar. But for she mare turning out a perfect wonder, no notice would probably have been taken of the fact that for the greater portion of a generation Mr. King has bred horses, and ran them too, as his ancestors did long before him. He, however, was never seen on a racecourse or known to bet a shilling, hut adopted the rearing of blood stock purely for the love of the thing. Sooner ihan give it 'up, the reversed gentle man, now beyond the age of four score, and lying bn a bed of .eickness, arising from diribcatiqn-not fracture, of the tbigh aB first reported—hiB resigned his livings"- ' Under these ciicumstanees Christian ferbearanoo— eefrequentlyadvieed ftomthftpulpit— might have suggested tire propriety of allowing a warm-hearted octogenarian of the good old school to pass quietly away, instead of dragging him to Jibe . Pmion- unfortunately clerical IS? ? firaedby c'erical practice. matches, the six days' programme for fee wmding-up week bead-quarter! contained Mty-six events, representing £3,4&0 contributed by fee Jockey Club for competition. The Cambridge- hire Stakes on the second day, asusu&L; attractedmoat Aventuriere's 7ib nenal wtovd « effectual stopper, and something that happened at home put Trufe gelding out of court. Affections consequently settled on Gamecock, who in turn was Qnwe, and next fee French Damel headed the quotations. However, in a trial three days prior to the race he was beaten hollow by muscular wiry colt, ffV11 the Oftorewitch was set down to the feken outofhim m a ionggallop to thepost, mid having only just time to turn round when the signal was given. This to a great extent was borne out on the days immediately succeeding the hie race when he net only cut .bwnTSfr In Qneoia Plate bat showed hie heeli to Leolinue, Arent, and Spectator over iwo miles in the New market Derby, and this after ten successive defeats on fos own soil. Finally, a high trial caused a tre- mendous rush on Khedive, and gave him the call at at starting. Cambridgeshire Stakes, of 25 sovs each, 10 ft, and only 6 if declared, wife 300 added. Winners extra. recei7ed 50 80 vs' mile 240yds. 131 M 3?-%n;a c£ c Peut-Etre, by Ventre St. Gris La Favonte, 3 yrs, 6st 101b ... Rolfe 1 by Mandrake— The lhane, 3 yrs, 5st 121b..: ... ... c Awher 2 xyTj' v- Mora's b c Lord Gowran, by Lord Clifden— Merry Andrew mare, 4 yrs, 6st lib Lord Ailesbuxy's b f Aventuriere, 3 yrsfsigib imcludm 71b extra) ... ' gi0r 4 _ Betting i 5 to 1 agst Khedive, 7 to 1 agst Feufc- Etre, 100 to 9 agst His Grace. iOO to 7 agst Game cock, 20 to 1 each agst Lowlander, Restless, and Bene dictine, 2d to 1 each agst Curate, My. Winkle, and Mignonette, 43 to 1 each agst Hochs(apler, Newry, Flower of Dorset, and Aventuriere, 40 to 1 aest Jfideline, 60 to 1 each agst Montargis, Laburnum, La Coureuse, Misa Hawthorn colt, and Boscobel, 66 to 1 ?n«1Btee, LemnesJ Lord Gowran, and Chieftam, 100 to 1 each agst Mendip, Aldrich, Le pard earJ, Novateur, Pique, Lady Alice, and Vrd, 1,000 to 8 agst Derwent, and 200 to 1 each agst Oxford Mixture and Tichborne Besides the lot quoted eight others ran— forty-two in all. Newry, Laburnum, and Restless were first away, the latter eoming out with the lead at the end of a quarter of a mile. Lord Gowran, Gamecock, Oxford Mixture, Peut-Etre, Aventuriere, Lowlander, Chieftain, and Khedive composed the division next up, until Restless gave way at the foot of the hid. where the last-named pair were viewed in advance. Khedive, however, was soon disposed ot, and a formidable rush on Lowlander next created excitement, but he died away the instant Peut-Etre, .pulling double, shot to the fore, and won very easily by two lengths after a struggle of brief duration with Chieftain three lengths from whom Lord Gowran was third, as far in front of Ayenturiere. with whom the winner just reversed the Cesarewith positions. Montargis (the conqueror last year, and trained in the same stable as Peut-Etre) was fifth, Oxford Mixture sixth, Gamecock seventh. Run in 2mih. 66ec; value ot the stakes, £2,465. The Criterion Stakes, six iurlongs, were taken by Lord Falmouth's Garterly Bell, one of the beat-staying Blair Athols seen for some time ; and the Jockey Club Cup, two miles and a quarter, ended in favour of Gang For ward, while Apology, dead amiss, succumbed to Lemnos in her first handicap. General turf news of the month includes the death of Rataplan own brother to Steckwell), by The Baron out of Pocahontas, who was shot on the 17th mat., alter long service at the stud. Fer endurance ho. had few equals in his racing days, cups and Queen's Plates in great number lalling to his share. Uolonida may be interested to learn that Mr. J. Havill, to whom large commissions in the London turf market were oiten entrusted, died suddenly on the 12th. Lord Clifden s stock in the o'd country con tinue running well. Ot the select Tim Whifflar family here, it is doubtful if Coventry, who foifeited his Cesarewitch engagem mt, will be again pulled out this year; and a regards The Marquis I have only to note that one of his sons ( tilandford) vanquished an opposition of seven in an Open Huntera' Race at Streatham. Next year's Derby is fixed for the 26th May. Mr. Watt, the owner of many renowned race horses, has just bequeathed £1,000 to the Bentwick benevolent lund tor the relief of decayed jockeys ; aad a notice of motion is before the Jockey Ciub that no horse shall run in Great Britain unless trained three months previously in that country. COURSING- Before entering the field it should be mentioned that Mr. Warwick returned safely from his trip to fee antipodes, and has expressed himself thoroughly satisfied with the country and fee numerous fri««dg he met there, which is most gratifying to Mr. M'Cuiiagh, who a? ranged for his coming out. The latter gentleman is still actively looking out for superior Etock, but he rites me that he has nothing new to communicate by the departing mail. For Derby and Oaks, at the Ashdown meeting, com mencing on the 6th October, the dogs and bitches were an excellent lot, and Mr. Coleman's Cains, the winner of the Derby, promises to take as bold a front as his sire Countryman did. He is muscular and lengthy, though not of great size ; while Treble, the runner-up, by Malt Liquor, if possessed of less speed than the victor, isa useful kind of dog. - Bdellium, a daughter of King Theodore, whose puppies ran for ward at the meeting, won the Oaks. The all- aged Craven Cup brought out Surprise, Claimant, Hasty Joe, and others well known, but fee viotress turned up in Mr. C. Morgan's Muridora, by Premier, a kennel companion of this year's Waterloo Cup winner. The succeeding week saw meetings at Liurgan (Ireland), Beckhampton, Three Counties, 'Mid Annandale, etc. At -Lurgan three 64-deg stakes stood for deciei n. In the Raughlan Stakes, for dog puppies, as well as later in the week, the stock of the defunct Smuggler ran well, one of them (Sirius) running up to Mr. T. W. Hornby's Haddo, by Blair- gourie, who fairly outpaced his opponent. In the Derrymacash Stakes, for bitch puppies, the English division was again to the fore, Mr. H. Heywood's fine-lookisg bitch Regalia, by Rochester, cleverly defeating Victoiii in the final course, thanks to a capital hare. Entered for the Brownlow Cup were Surprise, Diacticus, Ruby, Willie, Galway, and other firet-claes public performers. Surprise's previous course wife Avon Queen was too long to enable him in fee fourth round to beat Honeymoon, who won the final fur Ireland. The winner is by Brigadier, and the ground at Waterloo would just suit her. Mr. Haywood supplied fee runser-up in Ruby, by Yictor, who ran some clever courses, but fee form displayed by Diacticus astoniehed.all, as he was never in the hunt with the former. October 20th brought us to <he South of England meeting at Stock- bridge, where Explosion, by Defender, carried off the Produce Stakes. Mr. Coleman dividing the All- aged Stakes wife Cacique IL shows that he has others as useful as Caiu 1, the Ashdown Derby winner. Eager, by Cock Robin, r&u; up to Great Gable for the Dane bury Stakes, but bia stock did not figure very promi nently. Runnymede — anotbe Cock Robin— showed best form in the All-aged Stakes, in which he was put out in fee last round by Gilderoy, by Creasfe 1, fee other divider, While Stoekbridge "was on, the northerners were busy at fee First South Lancashire Meeting. Here fee Derby was divided between Mr. Hall's JHobble-de-hoy, v by Chelsea/ and Mr. J. Bromilow's Spanker, by Sceptre. The Oaks ' wak carried eff by Maty Jance, a neat daughter oi Racing Hopfactor. In theSparishrick Cup, Cauld the bird of lUyal Water, further distinguished himse f as a stud dog through his son Brilliant, possessing first- .rate-speed, and beating «U oomem 1 The "other All- aged Stake went to Mr. Lawton's Long Settle/ by Steckwell. Worcester, Ripen, Perfejshira, and the North ef England meetings furnished fair sport in wkf October, but coursess generally Kt-T1 ; Newmarket to witness the straggle up the Cambridgeshire hill rather than attending to their own game at the places indicated. A tew minutes before posting this letter, intelligence reached me of the deafeof Cauld Kail, who fell down dead en the farm of Mr. Fosters, his owner, near Carlisle on the 16th. Among coursing men Cauld Kail was considered the emperor of stud greyhounds, and was, strange to say, the sire of the winner of fee Waterloo Cup this year both in England and Australia, viz., Magnamo and Royal Water, Cauld nin Jack out officofcia's Thistle, and he has left behind him several grand specimens in Bendimere, Bacchanal, and Wagga Wagga to add to his reputation as a stud dog. __ , HUNTING. . . the 153 packs of foxhounds in the United Kingdom cub-hunting is finished, and a suceseful season is anticipated. Foxes every where reported plentiful, and the young hounda promise well. The Hon. C. EitzwilUam suceds his deceased brother as master of the Melton pack, and Earl Spencer, no longer Lord Lieutenant of the Bister isle, rejeins the Pytchley. tu x „ , - CRICKET. John Lillywhite, the celebrated cricketer, died, after 1- ?ss' hi® 'evidence ju Euiton square, on the 25th met. He may he said to have baen bom ESim! e?ld but play cricket all his lifetime. With fee University teams and public Echools he was immentely popular. He wasoneof the twelve that went out to America in 1859, and at ene time was considered to be the finest coyer-point of fee «JT" j 6 J80 wa® a good bowler, particularly on wet cricketer >aaSe out fey years as a professional r AQUATICS. — S, ® 0li 6 brought to issue since myllast is the double sculling race for £400— W. Lumsden and! R. W. Boyd list 31b each, of Newcastle, against T. G Green and H. Thomas, list lib each, of London, ich was rowed on fee Thames on the I6th inst! Two boats were built for the occasion by the same manufacturer, and the race took place over the usual course, from Putney to Mortlake, odds ot 6 to 4 being laid on the northerners, both stoutly-framed fellows. the -best of the Bfcart' but the Tynraiders, sculling nearly three strokes a minute faster than their opponents, soon took them to the head of affaira, a position they held to the end, and won by four lengths. The winners have sinra chS- lenmd hwn nt thai SJrAr! caM b S- ii I . .. " ""wnsmen, WinshiD and Bagnall, to row a similar match on fee Tynef No repiy to Sadler s propositions having baen received from Yankee Brown, the " international,' ' as fee affair was termed, may be considered " off"' T , , BILLIARDS. In the absence of Cook, the champion, in life®0! W0Mte? at tbe cannon game, our prinli cipal billiard rooms haTe afforded us no sensational breaks, mid it was not until the 19fch that we had the firat handicap ef the season at Stanmer's, Cornhill. It was got up by a most promising young player, bv Tom Taylor, who a short time ago easily de. feated Stanley at an exhibition match. A good entry was secured, and play lasted for the we;k, when iayler, who was at scratch, succeeded in winning the final heats with Hart. The prize contended for was one of Burroughs and Watts's best tables. BICYCLING. People who for many years had been accustomed to bicycling only in the by-ways and lanes of England are now made aware that long distances andtra- ordinary pace were practicable by one Stanton under- tafong to nde from Bath to London, 106 miles, in 82 hours. No money could be traced to the exploit, which lie failed to accomplish, and it was merely the preliminary of what was to foUow. Mr. Chambers then came forward, and offered to back time against 8tanton doing 100 miles round Bridge grounds in hours. A "gate" was charged and shared between the pair, but Stanton again failed to complete his journey, although tra velling as far as the ninety-sixth mile. Time 8 hours lOmin. 63sec. Out of condition and the pace at which he did the first 40 miles (2 hours 41min. 15iec ) may possibly have lost him the match, but on the 19 th inst., in a race with Keen, he eclipsed previous efforts. LiUie Bridge was again the scene of action, and this time the feat was performed. On this occasion fee distance was 106 miles, and Keen ggve Stanton half an hour's start, which enabled to travel over eight miles before Keen (an old hand at the business) set out to follow. Instead of conceding this advantage, it would have been a fairer match haa the men started level, buteveu then, acordiog to tlio time taken, the defeat ot Keen was certain, for at no period did he go so firat as Stanton, and gave up, quite pumped out, after doing 90 miles in 7 hours 16 mm. 25sec., Stanton's time at this juncture being 6 hours 42min. 21sec>, including five stoppages for refreshment. However, though Keen retired, (ho other " steamed' on, and completed the 106 in the marvellous time of 7 hours 58min. 64isec. Stanton, who is a muscular man, standing oft. Iftin and weighing aboutl2st. 61b., finished c Jmparatively strong, and remarkable indeed will be the stamina of him who exfcels this splendid specimen of biey cle-rid ing. The time was ably taken by three representatives of "Bell's Life," who, in drizzling damp weather, re mained at their posts from 8 in the morning nwi 4 in the afternoon. 