LUKE. (In the Colorado Park, 1878.) BY BRET HARTE. Woefs that you're readin' P-a novel P A novel-well darn my skin ! You a man grown and bearded and histin' such stuf es that in Stuff about gals and their sweethearts! No wonder you're thin as a knife. Look at me--lar two hundred-and never read one in my life. That's my opinion o' norels. And es to their lyin' round here, They belonged to the Jedge's daughter-the Jedge who ease up last year On aooount of his lungs and the mountains and the balsam o' pine and fir; And his daughter- well, she read novels, and that's what's the matter with her. Yet she was sweet on the Jedge, and stock by him day and night, Alone in the cabin up yer- till she grew like a ghost, all white. She was only a slip of a thing, ez light and ez up and away Ps riflesmoke blown through the woods, bhut she wasn't my kind-no way I Speakin' o' gals, d'ye mind that house ez you rise the hill, A mile and a half from White's, and jiet above Mnt tingly's mill P You doP Well, now, thsr's a eal What, you saw herP O, come now, thar, quitl She was only bedevlin' you boys, for to me she don't cotton one bit. Now, she's what I call a gal--e pretty and plump ez a quail; Teeth en white ez a bound's, and they'd go through a tenpenny nail ; Nyes that kin snap like a cap. So she asked to know "whar I was hid P" She did I 0. it's jist like her sese, for she's peart as a tly-dia. But what was I talking of P-O I the Jedge and his daughter-she read Novels the whole day long, and I reckon she read them abed. And sometimes she read them out loud to the Jedge on the porch where he eat, And 'twas how " Lord Augustus" said this, and how "Lady Blanohe" she said that. But the sickest of all •that I heard was a yarn thet they read 'bout a chap, "ILeather-stocking" by name, and a hunter chock full o' the ireenest o' sap P And they asked mb to hear, but I says, "Miss Mabel, not any for me; When I likes I ken sling my own lies, and that chap and I shouldn't agree." Yet somebow-or-other she was always sayin' I brought her to mind Of folks about whom she had read, or suthin' belike of thet kind, And thar warn't no end o' the names that she give me theat summer up here, "Bobin Hood," "Lrather-?atookin," "Bob Boy," O, I tell you, the critter was queer. And yet of she hadn't been epiled, she was harmless enough in her way, She could jabber in French to her dad, and they said that she knew how to play, And she worked me that shot-pouch up thar-which the men doesn't live ez kin use, And slippers-you see 'm down yer--e would cradle an Injin's pappoose. Yet along o' them novels, you see, she was wastin' and mopin' away, And then she got shy with her tongue, and at last had nothin' to say ; And whenever I happened around, her face it was hid by a book, And it warn't until she left that she give me as much as a look. And this was the way it was. It was night when I hem up here To say to 'em all "good bye," for I reokoned to go for deer At "son up" the day they left. So I shook 'em all round by the heand, 'Oept M3abel, and she was sick, ea they give me to understand. But jist es I lassed the house next morning at dawn, some one, Like a little waver o' mist, got up on the hill with the Miss Mabel it was, alone-all wrapped in a mantle o' lace And she stood there straight in the road, with a touch o' the sun in her face. And she looked me right in the eye-I'd seen sathin' like it before When I bunted a wounded doe to the edge o' the Clear Lake shore, And.I had my knee on its neck, and jist was raisin' my knife When it give me a look like that, and- well, it got off with its life. "We are going to.day," she said, "and I thought I would say good-bye To you in your own house, Luke-these woods, and bright blue sky I You've always been kind to us, Luke, and papa has found you still As good as the air he breathes, and wholesome as Laurel Tree-bill. "And we'll always think of you, Lake, as the thing we could not take away ; The balsam that dwells in the woods, the rainbow that 'lives in the spray. - Andyou'll sometimes think of me, Luke, as, you know you once used to say, A rifle-smoke blown through the woods, a moment, but sever to stay." And then we shookhands. She turned, but a-eaddent she tottered and fell, And I caught her sharp by the waist, and held her a minit-well, It was only a mioit, you know, that ez cold and es white she lay En a snow-flake here on my breast, and then- well, she melted away And was gone. . . And thar are her books; but I says not any for me, Good enoush may be for some, but them and I mightn't agree, Theyspiled adecent gal ez might her made'some chap a wife, And look at me !-clar two hundred-and never read one in my life I An unfortunate German, Reif by name, and a resi dent of Saginaw County, Mich., has had moat Iremen dons experiences at well-digging. Calmly and unin terruptedly he excavated to the depth of forty feet, and then, as he did not get.much water, he decided to bore. When he had drilled down some thirty feet, things bogan to happen. His residence was badly shaken as by a small eaorthquake. Down in the well rumbling sounds, like the discharge of a cannon, were heard. The neighbours became excited. A bunch of ignited straw was lowered, and up came a volume of flame rising fifty feet above the surface. The ill-ciarred Reif wanted water, and he got fire. The well continues to go off whenever a light is applied, and we are told that "the neighbours do not feel asuch a sense of seeurity as to their hereafter as ther did before the sinking of Reif' well."-New York Tribuse. 