TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—You would cosier a very great favor on the residents of South Geelongand other parts of the town where election meetings are held, if ou could spare one of your staif to give a correct report of the proceedings. Urgent private "business alone prevented your attention being directed to this matter before; but I trust it is not too late yet. If the meeting held- by Mr Garratt at South Geelong, the other evening, were correctly .reported, the public would not be deceived • by the rose colored sketch which appeared in the Evening Times, for I can assure you that the boy-reporter who was to do duty there was tickling his ear with,'hi3 pen during the most of the time, or, if he made a true report, then the antiquated visible head, used the scissors and editorial pri vilege very freely. Not a word about Mr Garratt being put into a corner by some of the electors who had better memories than he gave them credit for; who reminded him that three years ago, at Belmont and at the woollen factory, he pledged himself to support, measures not men. Nothing about his being called to account by the .very man he asked a short time before how he (the elector) could like to have a Fenian and a Papist at the head of the Government here, and another (Cashel Hoey) acting for him in England. Nothing about the "no confidence" motion which was carried by a majority of two to one, and which the disinterested chairman who presided shut his eyes to ; this same gen tleman (who is in some way connected with a law office in Yarra street) remarking, that the door should have been better looked to, and of course those of correct opinions only admitted—such, for instance, as the Corpo ration officer who is receiving his salary from the burgesses to do his duty, not for going round as a partisan of Mr. Garratt or anyone else. Trusting the public will not be again misled by juvenile reporters, nor left to the mercy of the old gent d*um the lane, but that they will, if possible, attend the meetings, where they will, see that Mr Garrett's reception at the Town Hall was different from those that followed in num bers only, and that he has not a ghost of a chance of-re-election. Yours, ' " i ' ViSEITAS. 