SERICULTURE IN QUEENSLAND. MB. W. COOTE'B PLANTATION AT BOCKY WATER. IIOLIZ. (By a Correspondent) > ON Saturday but Mr. "\Yr» Cooto drove mo out to his Mulberry Plantation, find afforded mo every facility for examining tho details of his system of Bcrfoulhiro [will your readers tako it ill If I inform those of them who njay not have studied tho sub* joct tbat this word is derivod from tho people called by the Roman writers Sores, and which is generally believed by scholars to be the Chinese} On arrival 1 found there two of our prominent M.Ii.A'it who scorned to bo much interested in tho novel objects which met their gaze. Mnny of us remember tho long barn-like noar the llocky.WAter Holes which thirteen or fourteen years iigo Was tenanted by a German called Tamm-better known by the name of " RamTamm" from tho fnct that be was an important importer of valuable " fathers of the wooly flock." The cdiflco waH a gloomy and cheerless structure, and its surroundings more cheerless still. Four years ago Mr. Cooto bccamc a resident there, and marvellous indeed is tho ehango. I find'there now a comfortablo house, a parterre of flower-bctl* luid out with wkill and taste, and last bat NOT least (what brings mc to my sub ject) fourteen acre * planted with that future und certain boon to Qnt-c island -the mulberry tree. | At setting out let mo explain why I any this : in Italy tho grand European nilk-country, only one crop of worms is gaim'd iu, the year, while here there are three, and it is confidently expected tlmt tho greatest number yet known, namely five (which ! is sometimes gained in China) will be nchicvcd in this magiiifiurnt climate. In tho fourteen acivs there nro now eight thousand trees, which will by transplanting be increased thin Mason to twenty thousand. There are five different species of which I neod not give tho iminva, as they would ftfl'urd | but little interest in the general public, Now, as my iguomnoc of the subject wan per* foctly unfathomable, nnd ns many of us me in the same predicament I will begin with the A110 of the matter. First, then, wiiat is callod " grain" is the eggs of a math, precisely like thoso of a her S Hug. Those eggs (let me take one snecics by way I of illustration) nro laid about tho eml of September, . ami do not come out until tbu following August, being kept in tho meanwhile rm cool as possible ; Mr. Quoalc the intelligent manager informed mu that if they could bo kept in ioo it would bo all tho hotter. In August, then, appears instead of tbu egg tho tiniest bit of thing imaginable, pre* ciscly like the nmullofit conceivable fragment of cotton thread. This is the worm, which at onoo begins to feed. Then is soon the wisdom of having various upcoics of the mulberry. For koiiio Hpoeius have largo and soft Icitvos, others hove comparu tivcly hard ones ; it is the soft ones that now bo* come valuable. Iti a few days the little but poten* tial creature has changed its form : in another few days it has again chanued its sbapo \ and within thirty days tho terribly mutnldo little crawler (changeable as womon) has actually olfccted no fowor than five obanges, and then has arrived at its wormirh maturity, whioh oircumstanco becomes ap> parent from tbu oruuture becoming fmuspareut (uu> like woman I At thiH period you can see through it liko glass, and then it begins to spin its lustrous fabrio. Hut previous to this tho moro cunning creaturo called man, has with careful manipulation transferred it to a pi)M>ox, or other convenient re ceptacle to a side of which, by means of a glutinous or mortar-like effusion from its boily it attaches it Nclf " liko a brick," and forthwith boginB, to spin tho silk around it, forming what wo call a cncoon. This js when completed about an inch long, and is in iduipc tike- nn elongated birds' egg; tho colour | tiling yolluw. Tho >\\*ay it Hpiim ii this :-it wraps : its If round the body hy thread after thread; «om . ' Ihing like a rope-maker be1t<»l will) Iuh bun.lie of I tow, uiul in four days the* wee hor'iiit lift* made for ' itself the most comfortable cell that ever anchorite i dreamt of, ^ ^ I lint, tired.of this aolitnry life, and aiming at a' Infliu) position in society (like otliur "inRecIa of a day"- hem!) at tlie end of a fortnight it cats its wny out of its tranquil abode and emergen, like a lucky goJd-nmier'K ilmne j» quite different costimio , from that which it had liitlierto worn, Ihdmld, it has actually acquired wings, hut alas! just an the lucky digger's wife in licr gorgeous habiliments knows nut how to depurt herself, no this foolish ivoi'ui knows not Low io employ its new appendages, i No Rooner docs it orawl out of its quiet next, than ! it in blandly "collared"' by the watchful biped, and 1 it duett not-the bewildered little dnndy or littlo I mihs, ah it may he- make the slightest offort to tcr many thousand* have thus exliibtcd them selves the males and the females arc placed together for the merciful jnlrpose of allowing some courting and flirtation. The gentlemen (and the ladlen too, to tell the truth) do not accm in the sljghtcKt de gree aveme to thin airaugement. But then, you know, all sport must have an end, and so the biped, when he thinks that their time of enjoyment lias lwted long crion^h, Hcir.ax tho reli/ctant males with I ruthless hand and converts them into manure or I food for poultry. Then the females begin to lay, I and after having itcrformcd this cggs-tremely im I portant operation, the considerate Animals seeing that tlinir object in life has boon accomplished ; calmly give up the ghost and convert themselves I into an additional quantity of highly satisfactory manure or poultry food. As to tho "collaring" prooess alluded to above, it its a very simple one-simpler than tlie Irishman s method of making a cannon, which was " take a hole olid put some coils of iron around it" kc. In this ca.sc you merely make (as tho college pedant tfxm-cuicd himself descriptivelyof a window) "an orifice in the edifice," in other words you make a hole in the pill box, and tho moth seeing the light creeps through and finds itself faoing a cloth on which it mildly takes up its quarters, Tlie cloth nf.cwn mc by Mr. Coote was calico about ten or twelve inches square and literally covcrcd by the herring-like eggs. Unfortunately^ for me this is not tlie time of the year for tbo existence and work ing of the worms, nevertheless I saw one of the speck-like thread-bits which had just come out. From tb© above it will bo perceived that the working and producing life-time of each worm Is only four days during which brief space tlie gene I rous laborer manages to repay roost nobly the un- , ceasing Giro and attention bestowed upon it by its j proprietor for the thirty-days previous. Well, but I you would wish to know how tho tnalc moth is dis- j tinguislicd fro»n tbo female? "In the first place the male is emaUer, and in the next it has something j like a bunch of turned up feathers at its "hinncrl end." Perhapn many of us are not aWarc that this 1 I latter peculiarity exist, in a mole flea- All the | large floas are of the feminine, gender, and if you examine through a microscope the small ones (which ore male) you will perceive a' beautifully graceful feather-like appendage clovatcd like tho tail of a j have thus traced this magnificent insect from its cgg-crudlc to its fowl grave, and I fear your rea ders will ho bored with what I have new to add, for figures to ttiost people are repulsive. There are about thirty thousand worms in the produce of an ounce of grain, and those consume from tea to twelve hundred weight of leaves, whioh reminds us of Dickens's glutton who ate so much that he was thought to be all hollow, and packed his food in legs and arms and all. It takes from one bundled and twenty to one hundred and fifty females to lay one ounce of grain, and this will pro duce the next season from thirty to thirty-five thousand worms. To preserve the coooons, I forgot toobscrre, you roust cither steam them or bake them in an oven; Mr. Coote prefers the latter plan. An ounce of grain iiroduocs from ten to twelve pounds of wound silk. By cocoons alone he cal culates a net profit of twonty-five pounds sterling per acre. Not only may yoa cultivate lucerne or maize between the mulberry trees, bat this would this would actually benefit the latter. If wc so far progress as to be able to send home grain to Eng* tana in good condition we should obtain a net profit of from ono hundred and. twenty to one hundred j and fifty pounds sterling per acre. This takes 1 away my breath, hut Mr-. Bladen Ncill calculates , profit at two hundred pounds ! I Jf wc trust to tbo hazy, mazy, crazy records of ; ancient history (so called), we find that among the Chinese it required many generations to bring the art of sericulture to perfection. This would bo sufficiently discouraging to a timid man, but Mr. I Coote is not one of tltii class. Probably ho h&a; ; confidence in the highly advanced state of physical ; knowledge in the grand nineteenth century. And j certainly he has some grounds for such confidence. J The operation of tanning is now performed la as many hours as formorly it required years, and egg* nre hatched by' artificial means. The generation thftthasthrown abridge of instantaneous mental communication between man and man distant from each other by half tho circumference of this vast globo may bo expected to bo able to improve upon | the stationary Chinese in the management of a poor I insect. It is only a few years since the procuring I of aluminnim was attended with ruinous pxpenso, ' and now that most valuable metal Is also one of the cheapest. I examined the winding-machine which Mr. : Coote lately imported from England. It is too ! complicated to be readily understood, and he can make nothing of it-a thing to be greatly legretted for the diiferenoo between sending home the co coons and tho wound silk is much about the same as between sending homo the tin ore and the smel ted tin. He is confident that he will be able to sond home next year one thousand pounds of silk. If his speculation bo Ruocessful perhaps the most fervid imagination would fail to picture the future of this already astonishing colony. If Brisbane can produce three crops of worms per year what ' may not tho warmer portions of thisoolenv pro j duco. To my mind this adventure seems of very | sorious import; to Queensland. Tho first bale of I wool that was exported from our shore was noth ing insignificence compared with the first exporta* I tion of the produoe of Queensland's silk-worms 