ON TOTAL AISTINENCE FROWI INTOXICAT'ING. LIQU ORS, AND THE WONDERFUL WAY IN WHICH PATRICK OEBRIEN WAS LED TO ADOPT IT. That sacred book, which is the foundation of al..l moral rectitude, has declared " that against temperance there is no lawv." This great truth none can deny. But this moral axiom is inot confined only to the moderate use of intoxicating drinks: it has a much wider signification, nid is applicable to moderation in all things within every sphere of human life. It refers to the undue desire for the acquisition of wealth-the desire for wordly power and hIuman applause-dthe in. odilaate love of pleasure-the display of fashion-and many otler fields of human life too niumgrous to mention. Under any circum stance, if properly attended to andi obeyed, the.individual who can hold h just equili briumn does not fall short of is divine itijuna tion ;'butactually adheres to a moral com mend. The person, howecer, who glides be?3o?nd this marked rubicon, and .passes into the evil of intemperance, violates this moral iprecept which, if carried out among allclasses of sodiety, would not only make teetotal societies of no avail, but make the community at large occotpy a higher, status than it ihas ever enjoyed. Among the various spheres where intem perance prevails, we beg to draw special attention to the inordinate use of s-tong drinks. None can deny that intemperance is a terrible evil, and has an appalling his tory; all know this, and none more so thah the person who has tasted its bitter fruits. It is to abilish - this nhalppy disease" thit our total 'abstinence societies l hive been founded. • The moderate man who can ose, but-not abuse, intoxicating drinks, is'not the person whom these societies.aim .at reclini ing; no, it is to raise those who have fallen iato the ihngs.of intemnperance to that moral position whlichl can only be fully enjoyed by sobriety.'.But now, .to the tale. .lt inay appeare , we doubt not, of a ,liighly amusing nature, nevertheless it will contain bothli - good moral'aisd the anxious desire on the part of an abstainer to benefit an erring brotlher. Several years ago there lived in Ireland one called Ptrick Ol'Ryan. Pat was tenant of a small thfrm, and by industry had accii2 muleated 'a smIll pile of money. Par, being Sbachelo s toroklit into his he;ld to emigrite to..ustialia?~'lhaving been tol4 that if hi' wen't he would pick up lumps of gold, whicli wbotild .miakjim~i a' rich man. " Faih,': shid Pat,: "' Fgo, honey dear, and be a rale 'gintleman.!' Pat accordingly gathered opi his?elUand sailed to Australia. He worked haird, went to the' diggings, and becam.e for: his' condlition in life well off. Pat, being in pdsseseson of means, left off .work. By de: gees he began to love the "drappy." For weeks Pat had, been on the "spree." He met an Irish old cbum, and accompanied him to his house in the city; then there was an'extra spree, till Pat commenced to grow ill.: He was advised to go to the sea side to renew his health; Patrick gave his friend goodbye, and went to a sea-port town. He stopt at the inn. While at dinner he met a gentleman-for Pat had tile "' manes" also to be a gentleman-who was a teetotaller, and by profession a ventriloquist. Under standing from Pat that he was of a " nar vish nature," he inquired the reason. Pat told himn.'' Thle ventriloquist tried in vain to' convince his Emerald friend to give up di'ink, Pat would have his glass]just to keep up his " nerves." The ventriloquist thlought. Pat in the mood for refolrmation, ind t'o: cearry out his desire, booked himself in the same bedrodomn withl Pat. At midnight, that hour when the superstitious mind is wrought with superstition--and Pat was a firm be liever in ghosts-the ventriloquist pitched his voice outside the door, and in a hollow tone, said "Patrick O'lyan! are yeo asleep V" " Who's that?" said Pat, much startled at the sepulchral tone, at suchan hoor, being - addlressed to bim. ". Ask me not, but answer," said the ven triloquist in ghostlike accentr. ' Well, what do you wanut with me," said Pat. " Alich of which I want you to take notice ol,".said the ventriloquist." " Oh, clear off," said Pat, "or by jabers, I'll give you ' ay.' " Better you had taken ten,. and not broken .your pledge," said the voice out eide......... " What is all this noise tbout," said the ventliloquist, speaking from bhis bed in his" natutrlal voice. "Some dirty blackguard spalpeen, at .the b?ack of the door, trying to tell me my; business." " Why don't you drive him aw'iy,:' said the ven'rioquist, in his natural voice. " I wisi he'di dare," said thle ventriloquist~, speakinF from behind the door. "' I'll le you see I dare,': said.Pat, Ihurry. isn to the door with his hickorv. " Give it him," said the venatiloquist from the bed. "I believe it's the Ould'Bov himself, for I don't see a sowl hlere. I vondeir if there are any ghlosts in this colony." I don't knodw,":said the ventriloquist " but they s.y aboriginal ghosts baint this place." "?Failh, what is it at all, at all ?" "' Your guardian genius," said the voice; " Go to bed, till I speak to you."... " You've Been drinking hard 7" again said the voice. " T1hrue as praychin," was Pat's reply. * lIhen will you promise me never to drink again ?" said the voice. " Never as much as would wet a bird's bill," said Pat. S"Then ;I'mnoff," said the ventriloquist's voice; .,'but if you ever break your word I'll be near to puaish you." " Who is that you are holding, conversa tion with ?" said the ventriloquist, in his natural voice. "Nobody at all," said Pat, " barrin' some mighty polite invisible gintleman that takes an interest in my welfare." - " Oh ! your'e dreaming," said the ventri loquist. " Faith, it's like a dream, sure enough." Next mborninr,'a friend asked Pat to have his "morning," to which he at once as ented ; burt just as lie'took the glass up the ventriloquist, who :was present, threw his voice to the ceiling, crying our, "Patrick O'Ryan, .touch it ,not. .Remember your promise." It was enough, Pat would not taste. At dinner, a gentleman caid, "The plea sure of wine with yne, Mr. O'Rlyan." "' With pleasure,'' said Pat; but just at that moment a voice ewas heard from the corner of the room, saying "T'ouch it not; re member your promise." It was thiat of the ventriloquist, who sat at the table. Then, andi foi ever, ivwas Pat madea teetotaller of. Since then he has been a 'happier and, a better man, and has been pirosperous. When asked how he became a teetotaller, he says that hle never had the pleasure of seeing his best Iriend. Simple in his nature, totally unncquninted with science, being unable. from never having listened to the delusions practised by the ventriloquist's natural gift,. the kind and good-natured Hibernisn attributed the whole to su'ipernatural agency, and obeyed. It may appear to some a strange story; but the source lifrom which the writer gathered his information, if known, would destroy the unbelief of the most incredulous. Anniversary services in 'connexion with the Congrerational Church, East St Kilda, will be held to-morrow in the Church, Westhury-street, when sermons will -be prenached morning and evening by the Revs. W. Moss and Di. Cameron. On the Tues day atfernbon following the usual tea-meet ing will take place. MIaravilla Cocoa.-T.AkTon BOTHElRS (the larest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe, hlaving tile exclusive supply.of this unrivalled Cocoa, i:vite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity-flne Aroma--Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining powrer--Essines of Digestion-anld especially, high deliciotis flavour. One trial will establish it us a favourite Beverage for break'ast. luncheoa, 'and a Soothing Rofreslhmenot after a lute rovning. N.B. Caution - "M?u?vIa L.A is Sregistredr Trade Marki Maravilla Cocoa.-The Globe says, "Tay lor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Coco in the Market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distioguish the Maravilla eocon above all others. For Invalids and Dys poptico, we could inot recommnend a more agreeo able or valuable beverage.'' For further favour able opinions vide S8taisard, MIorning Post, 13ritish Medical Journa2, ~,c.,r e.i . gomcopathio Cocoa.-This original pro. paltiol, .which has attainred sceh a worlld-wide reiutation, is meanufactured. by 'TAYLOR BROT? IES.uituder the ablest homceopathiie an vir red?the skill anrd experience of thie in .ds,?ribe found to combine in ran cmi. tyr fine troeiro, and nutritious p~rpetyes~lrrpeianut. Sllsll t --made in one nmnute .-."?ihI]r., lhlirr?.. ',)b o above articles irs pre lp ; 'eI oBvely. ` .Brothers, the large ..: m (anif blurers in EuropehBd sold. ii tin-lr .. .packet.onhly b y'.Strn?i6 decp ... otadchers nillr' te'world;:. Steiam: Mills, e;Brlro Laneg a. ao, ' Expsrt Chicoryi Mills5 rre, Bcig~m.n$ 