ma wisdom: of the sea serpent. [New YorkTimet.] Persons conversamt with the procession of na tural phenomena have confidently predicted a reappearance this season of the sea-serpent. Of all the obliging monsters who, from time to time, appear to cater to the general appetite for the marvellous, the sea-serpent has achieved decidedly the moatenduringpopularUy and fame. And this he has earned by a surprising self restraint in the way of exhibition, which dis tinguishes him honorably from all his associates, and, ladeed, fr m almost all artists who seek in a eiuuuu way vu *?uw3i:i»bujli. uio ^tunuu* jlub a|-* psarances have been few, but correspondingly striking .since the good Captain Laurent de Ferry, sailing from Trmdkin te Bergen in. the 'month of May, 1746, first dis covered him basking peacy uLy on ths waves.1 He had then ' a horse's head, which rose two feet over the surface, and was of a grey color.' He had 'a dark brown mouth, black eyes, and apparently a long mane floating: over the neck.' Beyond thii, at a considerable distance, could be seen 'seven or eight coils, each of enormous size.' Altogether a very . satisfactory and attractive monster, and it ia difficult to understand how the cap tain oould have had the heart to fire upon it Fire he did, however, regardless of the interests of posterity, and the nineteenth century had a ntrrow chanoe of losing its most agreeable marvel Fortunately the aim was unsteady. The animal plunged, 'evidently wounded,' and did not reappear, and the honest mariners, muoh marvelling, returned to puzzle the good people of Bergen with their story. Probably it was his experience of man's per fidy that kept our sea-serpent se long in retire ment, and led him, when finally, in 1808, hs did emerge, to present himself in much more terrifying fashion. Mr. McLean, in June of that year, was sailing about tbe coast of Coll, when he discovered op. extraordinary creature, of enormous size — 70 or 83 feet long — moving toward him/' by progressive undulations up and down.' Not unnaturally, Mr. McLean and his men were thoroughly frightened, and fled with promptness. The monster pursued them leisurely to the shore, ' frightened .the orews of 13 fishing boats,' and returned slowly and majestically to its native deep. - i For sometime past nothing has boon heard of him, and the apprehensions of hit adroiren were exoitod Jwt he should have died of old kge, or taken a final leave of public life. These fears were dissipated by his recent triumphal appearance in three different parts of the world almost simultaneously. On. October 21, Captain Charlesworth saw him in a cave near San Diego, ? California. He was then ' about 30 feet long* with three sets of fins, a tail like ah eel's, and a head like an alli gator's. The finB were ' shaped like those of a sea-lion, each between three and four feet in length.' This was the harrowing tale which the captain unfolded to his friends, when; having come to his assistance, they arrived in time to see ' the marks in the mud left by the monster's form,' ahd to Are their guas vaguely at that vanishing. form, flirting back to them a malicious and serpentine .fare well. It will be observed that Captain Charles worth's sea serpent differs in some respects from - Captain. Laurent de Ferry's. His versatility of expression, indeed, is one of our monster's greatest charms. Still more artistic was his 'get-up' when he disclosed himself, in a brief interview^ to Mr. Joass, of Golspie, in England, who, in a rather roundabout way, through the medium of several other gentlemen, has got his story into the London Times. Him that simple and guileless sea-serpent of San ' Diego— laughing, no doubt, in his fin as he did It— has had. the art to make believe th-it he in a. ' saurian, allied to the plesiosaarus, and feed Ing with ieeth of the oolitic type on terebratula and trezonieir, also oolitic molluscs.' His 'large oars, similar to a horse's,' however, reveal hit identity with Captain de Ferry's friend ; and his appearance on October 2L, in Bellhaven Bay, with a hundred feet or so of . coils and undulations, at once confirms the sup position, and show its possession, together with amaong versatility, of a most incredible rate of ?peed. The history of the sea-serpent is instructive, and furnishes an admirable lesson to giddy and weak-minded monsters, which sacrifice popu larity to the temporary gratification of variety and hunger of applause. That the sea-serpent is still so universally admired and sought after is due to his avoiding the snares that have betrayed so many of his weaker brethren. The care with which he has timed his appearances, and the high-bred reserve of his demeanor, have kept up the interest and curiosity of the public Wis«r than some of his rivals, he' has never cheapened himself by -tiresome iteration, or earned contempt by permitting familiarity. Many other monsters, with as many natural advantages, have been ruined by their obtrosiveness, or still more fatal ' error, by allowing themselves to be found out. The brief wonder of the wild man, for example, sneedilv resolves itself into tbe com. monplace reality of the. escaped lunatic. The ^ notorious Wssterh ghost, with his stale tricks of stone-throwing and plate smashing, has be come more tedious than the familiar war-whoop of a certain semi-intellectual and bog- trotting contemporary. After an acquaintance with the Fiji impostor, wno will care again for the most bewitching and tuneful of mermaids? Let ,-. monsters who «atay hereafter to amuse the public borrow some of the wisdom of the sea serpent, and practice the virtues of modesty andjSelf-restraint. So will they long remain as dear to the hearts of their admirers as the sea-serpent is to the artless and convivial mariner. 