1 ADELAIDE. I - , FRIDAY. A boy named Michael Blood is lost in the bush. A party who went out to look for him have, after a week's search, returned unsuccessful. - Forrest, the explorer, purposes leaving the Peake for Adelaide next Monday. There is a slight inquiry for wheat; Buyers offer 5s. 4d., but holders refuse to sell. A MUSICAL GHOST -The following is related by the Bendigo Advertiser, on the authority of a reliable person, but that journal gives a carte blanche to its readers to believers not:-" A gfalloiaan well known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom we will call Lamb, at whose establishment many an article has been "stopped" by needy persons, recently sold a piano that he had received as a pledge to on equally well known speculator, whom we will call Smith. It so happened that within a week after the piano had been disposed of, Lamb departed this life rather suddenly, and was duly buried. Smith had bad the piano removed to his parlour. One night recently he had retired to bed, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, at about 2 o'clock in the morning, he was suddenly awakened by loud and continued playing on his piano, which he had prevent- ally U eked securely. He rushed downstairs for the purpose of of reprimanding the supposed individual, when to his great terror and amazement he observed, as he says, the ghost of his departed "uncle" walk directly and firmly from the piano right through the front door, Going horribly frightened, he lost no time in retracing his steps upstairs, His better half was not awakened by the first performance on the piano, which consisted of a selection from Handel's "Messiah;" but Smith had not long been in bed before the strains were resumed, the selection this time being from Mozart's " Gloria"- the " Twelfth Mass, in which there are several deep and striking notes. Smith heard all this, and after mentally abusing the piano he resolutely took refuge in the arms of Morpheus. His wife was awakened by the music, and immediately soreoinc-d out and endeavoured to art.UBB her husband, but such seemed to be an impossibility, and she herself resolved to go downstairs and ascertain the cause of this unusual musical entertainment. On reaching the room her bewilderment was greater than that of Smith, she having observed the same identical man, and under precisely the same circumstances, in a frantic state of excitement she rushed upstairs, and succeeded in arousing Smith, and informed him of what she had seen. Next morning he determined to get rid of the awful instrument. He succeeded in doing so ; but whether the same performance has been reported at tho house of the individual to whom he sold it or not he is not in a position to say. SHOCKING AFFRAY BETWEEN TWO BROTHERS. -The Smythesdale correspondent of the Ballarat Star, writing on Sunday night, says as' I learn that a horrible case has occurred at Golden Lake. It appears that two brothers, named Samuel and Benjamin Holt, unmarried men, and who resided together, had both been drinking on Saturday night, and commenced to quarrel in their own place about 2 o'clock on Sunday morning. They quarrelled on till about 5 o'clock, when Samuel called one of the neighbours, who observed that he had received frightful cuts on the hands and arms. Samuel Holt and his neighbour then started to go to Dr. Forster's to get the wounds dressed ; but, after going a part of the way, Holt turned back, intimating that he would take revenge on his brother. On Samuel Holt returning it appears that he got hold of a table-knife, and inflicted BON eral wounds on the side of his brother's head, the brother at the time being in bed asleep. A pick and an axe found about the house were covered with blood, and the table-knife had been twisted in inflicting the wounds. Assistance arrived, and Dr. Forster was sent for, who found Benjamin Holt severely, if not fatally injured. The doctor dressed the wounds of both men and sent for the police, who took charge of the place. It is and that to much blood flowed on to the floor that some of the neighbours had to use a shovel to scrape it up. The sad affair, as may be imagined, has produced a terrible sensation in the locality. My informant, who had just arrived from the place, states that when he left this evening, at about half-past 6 o'clock, the wounded men were lying in bed in a very dangerous state, one of them par ' ticul-ly-.eo.j' .,»,'/,,,,." , , ''-'" 'A ,' ' .-#-)-> 4 . JJ verify.. all. l' SlfcJ .) L A in 