NEWS BY THE MAIL {From Various Papers.) What fato awaits the Primate's Public Worship Regulation Bill a fow hours may rovoal ; it is down for second reading in tho Houso of Com mons to-night. Tho High Church party opposo it on tho ground that an occlosiustical tribunal 8h6uld: expound tho law of tho ? Church, and not a Civil Judgo j whilo the Dissontors rosist nny attempt 10 mono tuo iMtRDlisumonr,, 111 tho liopo that so it may fall tho spoiior. Mr. Gladstone reappeared in tho House ' on Monday to take part in the Scotch Patronage Bill, .which ho opposod as being unfair to tho Freo Church. Mr. Disraeli expressed honest ploasuroin finding himself once more faco to faco with his groat advoraary. Tho; Bishop of Lincoln 'has beou making hims'olf foolish in ?preaching, against cro mation as upsetting the doctrine of the rosnrroc-7 tion of tho body, 1 nnd in idly informing tho Wesleyan ministers that they aro mere ' laymen,' and that John Wesley's ghost bids thorn return toiihothor Church. ? : ;?? : ? ' ?? ' ? Q'hat eminent Communist, the1 Count deLucay Rochefort, has arrived in England,', and is now safoly_ housed somowhore iii tho neighbourhood, of Leicester Squaro. On arriving at Qiieeristpwn ho rocoivod soino rough' treatment , at the hands of tho. mob. According to tho ; reports thoy yollod and hooted at him to such an oxtent that ho was compel led first to; tnko rof nge in ? an hotel, ? and afterwards to secure the companionship of a: lady, with whom, of courso, ho was, thanks to the- chivalry of the Irish character, 't-porfoctly safe' Tho question [irresistibly suggests itsplf, howovor, why this outburst of indignant^yirtno ohould lmvp tnlton-placo. - 'Aftdij aliriB'dojib arid saidj Mi d=i RocKoforf has but dprio his bost to put into practice those theories of .which tho Fenian' ..loaders are tlio admitted oxpononts. :? If tho 111011 who blow down .'tlio walls of tho House of Dotontion, and , who shot : Sergeant Brett at Manchester, . could -havo'had their will, they would have done pretty -much tho same thing in Ireland as was done by the' Communists of Paris, and thoy would have found appreciating and admiring spectators in Cork more readily than in any other, part of the country. Of courso the nets of neither can bo justified, arid wo may find in themurder of tho Archbishop of Paris somo justification for this 'reception.' Anyway it is clear Communists meet with no sympathy in Irolarid. Even tho roughs of Cork, though thoy would listen to tho apologist of. tho Carlist Pre tondor, seem to have a wholoaomo hatred of tho savage murdorors of, tho hostages at Paris and tlio incendiaries-who burnt so many of tho splendid buildings of that city. If this domon stration were spontaneous, as it seems to havo beon, and not previously organised, it would aflbrd a good illustration of tho truth of the view that Republicanism and Socialism find no favour in Ireland. Every ono will rogrot to hear that Marshal Concha was killed at the head of his army whilo fighting with the Oarlists in tho neighbourhood of Estolla. Tho Marshal was in. his 80th year, and it is thought that his death will not'bo with out its influonco upon tho fortunes of tho cause ho served if it should inspire its supporters with something of his pluck nnd energy. General Zabala has boon appointed the Marshal's suc cessor. Aftor the. death of tho Marshal tho Republican army returned to its formor position without disorder. Marshal Concha's last words wero — 'Idio in the van of tho army.' An officer of hussars took up tho body, and placing it upon his saddlo, endeavoured to defend it against the Carlists, who 'woro determined to olfact its capture. Tho officer ultimately had to let go his burdon, but tho Ropublican soldiers seized it and carriod it away in safety. Tho Cnrlists mutilated tho Rnpnblicnn wounded, cutting oft' their npaos and oars and carrying their heads on tho points of their bayonots. This conduct has producod groat excitement among tho Republicans, and will, it is feared, lend to sanguinary reprisals ; but tho Govornmbnt has resolvod to prevont, as far as it can, . all acts of cruolty. The forces encaged in tho battle near Estolla woro about 20,000 on tho Carlist side and 40,000 on that of tho Ropnblieans. The latter oinployod about 70 piccos of artillery, and the formor mado but little uso of five small guns. Tho Ropublican loss, at tho lowest estimate, was over 3000 men, including about 320 prisoners, whilst tho Carlists most certainly did not lose more than 400. The Republican Army, never theless, returned to its formor poaitions, without disorder, and without leaving any tronhtf* ¥n tho hands of the onemy. . It is stated on good autho: rity that tho available strength of tho Ropublican army is as follows :— Infantry, 120,000 ; cavalry, .10,000. , Tliis estimate does not inclndo 43,000 mon pf.thb resorvo. Advices received from the north stato that tho Carlists in- tho proyinco or La Mancha: are. concentrating thoir 'forcos at Maestrazeo, and tho Biscayans are; inarching' in1 tho direction of Estolla. To that ' town' .the Carlista aro sending four guns of largo calibroj which thoy havo received from abroad. , Fivo ! thousand Carlists with 500 infantry and cavalry, under Don Alphonso, havo attacked tho .town of Teruol, in Arngon. They, woro ropulsocl by the Ropublican troops with tho loss of 40 killed, many wonndod, and 100 priso.nors. From Madrid wo loam that an English morchant, living afcXinares, has boon seized in tho Sierra Morena by armed bandits, and that thoy havo demanded a considerable sum for his ransom. The Popo has sent his blessing to tho Vicariato of Madrid and all its subjocts. As this onibraces the wholo national army, much significance is attached thereto, especially as his Holiness has not acknowledged. tho Bishop of Urgol's folici tatipns for St. Peter's Day. Tho said Bishop is ,a Carlist. Thoro is roason to bolievo that tho Carlists In I tho North-west of Spain draw much of their sup- ! plies from sympathisers in Franco. Tho fron- ' tier-is vory laxly watched, and Carlist commit ties aro at work in many places north of tho Pyrenees. Tho'doath of Marshal Concha is a severo, but wo may boliovo, only temporary chock to- tho National troops. . Killed whilo loading tne van ot Jus. army, lie died a '.'juildiar'n death, and is to roceive a funeral at' Madrid with all po8siblo:pomp. Tho Carlists, who , ro- : tirod after the raising of tho siogo of Bilbon to i tho BtrtJng heights abovo Estolla, havo resisted ' tho efforts of a force largely superior to thoir own, though ill-provisioned, to dislodge thorn, and havo gained a decided victory. But in thoir inability to follow it up or oven tno'vo from thoir. fastnesses, one soes clearly tho issue i of- tho strupglo. Moantimo it nsuinos tho charactor of horriblo barbarity. ? Dorrogaray, tho Carlist chiof, has announced his intontion Of giving rid' quartor, and appears alron'dy to havo 'aetod iipon' it, shooting a tenth part of tho priBpnors and all !tho officers' csptiired, arid committing atrocities of whioh it is fearful to road. Our Pres3:is bo ginning to ask wliothortho Christian Government of Europe ought not to stop in and uso all thpir inflnenco to stay tho drenching with blood of Spain in vain civil war. Zabala, who nctod up to tho timo of Conoha's doath, as Miniitor of War, and drow out with him the plan uf tho campaign, lias joined tho army of tho North; Serrano was eagor to go, but waB diaaua-lod on grounds of policy. : ; ? _ Our Carlists aro tho Homo Rulers, who havo sinco my last lotter wns dispatched, had 0 grand, field day at St. Stophons. Mr. Buto. hd tho Irish forces and lod tho columns of his cnintry mon to tho chnrgo. Mr. Glndstono wvs not prosont ; but Mr. Disrnpli closed tho dobato with good offoct j 'I must say,' ho rotinrkod ' that thoro is nothing to mo moroextraoidinary than tho determination of tho Irish pocplo to proclaim to the world that they hre a conjiiorod rnco. I deny that tho Irish aro conqiored-; thoy aro proud of it ; I deny tliat they hs\;ri any ground for that pride I dony that tho Irish havo boon conquered more than, orevon'as often as, the English. You never heard of an English man going about, and boasting of his subjection. Tho Irish havo beon conquered by tho Nonr.anB, and so havo we, and in modem times I will not deny that Olivor Cromwell conquered lrolnnd, but it was aftor ho had conquered England. . . I am opposod to tho motion bocauso I wish to seo at the important crisis of the world, which per haps is noaror arriving than somo of us supposo, a united- people woldod in ono great nationality, and bocaiiso I feel that if wo sanction this peri lous policy, if wo do not cloanso tho Parliamen tary bosom of this terrible stuff, wo shall bring abonttho disintegration of tho kingdom' and tho destruction of tho Empire' Tho motion was rejected. — Anothor report snys : — Aftor censur ing tho schome and pointing out its utter im practicability. Mr. Dismal i concluded by saying, not only might the two_ nations bo acting on a different policy, but the two seotions of the Irish people would bo opposod to each other, and England would bo obliged to interfere — perhaps by force. Tho Lower Houho has at lnst sent up tho Intoxicating Liquors Bill, though at one time it almost seemed affected by tlio. atmosphere of inebriation, wMch naturally hangs around such a topic. Tho constant changes by tho 'Government their abandonment of ono position nltor anothor, thoir abandonment of ..the- publicans .to .whom thoy promised so fair 'at tho' recent ' 'oloqti 6ns, caused tho Honso oho night to lose all patience, and to demand an adjournment until Mr. Cross and .his colleagues should ascertain where thoy wore and to wkit, if to aught, they intended to stand firm. On the debate for the third reading Sir Wilfred Lawson moved the rejection of the mensnre, and referred to a song which he said was being sung in London gin-shops about tho Homo Secretary^ and which ran — '.'.For he's a jolly good fellow, Whatovor tho Eads, may think ; He has shortened tho hours of work, . And lengthened tho hours of drink.' Mr. Goschen was much more sovere. He advised tho lion, baronet to abstain from throw ing over altogether the first, poor child of a Con servative Administration — tho first weak offspring of a strong Government. Thoro would probably, he said, be very little onthusinsm caused in any cla8a of tho community by tho final passing of tho Bill ; whilo as to tho Opposition sido of the Honso, all that could be said was that it (is sontod to tho measure with contemptuous acquiescence.' ? ' Tho Lord Chiof Justice was discussing tho other day with a Frenchman tho comparative wealth of the two 'languages. Said he, 'Yon know you have no eqmvalont ' for our ' homo,' or ' comfort.' ' Porha'ps not,' ropliod the other, 'but, you. in turn havo no, word liko 'canaillo.'' ' Oh yes, we liavo,' rejoined tho Judge, 'in the Tichborno coso, only wo spoil it differently — Konoaly.' The RuMdiuRED PAnrmoN, op Adsthta.— Tho 'Unitod Service Gazotto' writes: — 'The prosout visit of Lord Odo Russoll to London may bear pn, the surfaco a vory Harmless appear anco, but if certain, rumours which havo reached us be authontic, his lordship has brought over a budget of confirlontal news to Downing-street which may give rise to moro than ono Cabinet Council. ; -On tlit that a socrot treaty is actnally in process of arrangement between Russia and Germany, whioh, if successfully carriod out, will load to a. far moro important dismomborment than that of unhappy Poland towards tho close of 'the lnst century. Wo aro told by. a corres pondent whom wo know to havo high sources of information, that tho plnn is to divide Austria botweon tho two high contracting Powers, giving Gormany, tho Gorman provinces, the Adriatic territory, and also Trieste, and leaving tho Ban and tho principalities to Russia, in ordor to make complete that Turkish empire which sho bolioyes to be at last within her grasp. Germany has, it is said, also named Pen mark as a desir ablo acquisition to a creat ompiro which is at prpsont almost without ports, and there aro other minor nrrangomonts spoken of with as much con fidence ns the grand cnvp. Wo givo the news ns it has ronched us, but with all resorvo. Our own opinion ? is that ib- would bo a gratuitous pieco of dissimn]at.ion on tho part of tho Czar to send his son on a friendly visit to tho Emporor of Austria, at the vory time at which ho was plotting the destruction of tho Austrian empire' 