IP m MANOR-HOUSE AT GILFORD AND ITS I SECRETS. CHAPTEE lv. Men's judgments are A parcel of their fortunes. (From Chambers's Journal.) Biscopham town lies in an oval, flat- Lttomed yale like a dish; or the bed of Le dried-up lake, a warm red town, Ltling along the troughof the valley, Long hop gardens innumerable. In Uter-time, it seems, as though some Liy had encamped among lis streets Lj lanes,, and encompassed it about, bop-poles everywhere, in conical stacks ike huts. What would be a back-yard Lywhere else, is here a loamy boprarden, with its wigwams of poles, and [little kiln liard by. But that the iurchyard was inclpsed, and ,©ccnpied ong before the hops were a staple in lis little town, depend upon it the Ud people of Biscopliam/ would have [•town hops there too, and buried their kdon' the tops of. the houses, lj&e; Jhe Fire-worshippers, or in .cellars or catatombs, as .the ancient Egyptians-did. In aututan?time, the very air is loaded with the grateful sleepy frafmnce. of the hop, and the - less pteful - fumes, the choky hiccoughy fames, of'sulphur, and' all the Square pyramidal kilns are . vomitting forth vapors from their-co wled eujjimits. : To ihe little wooden station orfit/h^ outiHrts of the town, ail kinds of wheeled reticles iaVei struggling with their buriens, fi-cjrn the huge high-piled Wagon if the leviathan grower, with its team tl fat satin-coated horses, to the rickety ipring-cajtand dilapidated pony of the mall burgher, laden with his one or wo precious ewe lambs—all of the iame stuff—round yellow hop- pockets, hge vegetable Sausages, uncomfortably light and plethoric, in their canvas liins. There are special trains for bps, and the stout railway porters bow thin ere the season be well over, a lolling and hauling these overgrown blinders from wagon to truck, and irorn truck to wagon. By Christmas-time, the excitement bpretty -well ovqr, and people know Kkther they have won or lost ; Mietliertbey can lay down that pipe if wine, or give that grand dinner- |[arty j whether they can have a month in London or Paris, or give George Mother half-year's schooling, or pay those long-standing, worrying tradesmen's bills, or float at all, indeed, and tap the head above water ; whether I shall be a time of joy and gratulation, [ f a sad penitential season, to be spent s rapped up in the sacking of unpaidhop-pockets, grovelling in ashes W the unprofitable kiln. It is now.getting on towards Christ- "fts, and, judging from the outward 'spect of matters, the hop-season would ? ie cm to have been a bad one. Any- ; W, the street is very quiet and dull 3 tiis winter's night. There is a drizj ^ng rain falling, the lighted shop-win- Jows hardly serve to show the dripping! jootway, and the black nightr overhead weis over the town lik6 a huge bird outstretched wings. The clock strikes eight, and there is a general fettle and clatter all along the line ; the ^op-boys are banging the shutters up; there are no lagging customers to delay Reprocess. Soon only the glowing ^ light over the chemist's shop, and ! ' e irowsy street lamps mistily shining jwough the fog, remain to scare the. Mack vulture from his prey. Stay; is one shop yet open, although it c °ntributes little to the slope of light— a shop with a long low-browed window, | and deeply recessed narrow doorway, a very cavern of a place, over which is written in faded letters, hardly discernible—* JAMES COLLOP, Draper, Clothier, Undertaker, and General Outfitter—funerals neatly furnished.' Entering the cave, you see a light burning here and there, and a subdued glow frpm an inner recess ; fronfi the roof haBg stalactites in the shape of corduroy, trousers, white slopes, leather gaters, hobnailed boots, waistcoats with gleaming buttons of glass; and as soon as the • eye becomes accustomed to the gloom, you discern a counter on each side, piled high with smocks and frpckSj jerseys and pantaloons, aud fix-, tures behind crammed with other various articles of rural habiliments. The smell is powerful of pordiiroys, kerseys, and other highly scented fabrics everywhere. Making your way towards the faint glow at the other end of the shop, you come to a little counting-house or office, divided frpm it by a partition half wood and hal^'j glass. Here sits Collop among his books and invoices, at a battered , mahogany table, full • of. the accumulated de"bris of years of patient trading—a nervous, anxious man; with* '.sunken, hollow cheek, compressed lips, and; deeply -wrinkled brow. ' Tlia gas. is 'turned lew, for he is not writinghe 1 is only sitting there'broodirig,- in hazy profitless thought. He has a paper in his hand, at which he occasionally glances. It seems to be a rough statement of affair^, and an unsatisfactory statement, too, as Ke shrinks away from it, t'olds it at arm's-length, and yep, is .oblige^ to glance at it "lever ami' again; Tn^ce is fi- letter, too,, on the table, which also, seems to contain a, long statement,of acoount. It is written in a round lawyei's-hand, and is signed ' Charles Frewen.' The year of grace has expired year since Mrs Rennel's death ; a short year it has seemed, for days fly fast that are days of grace. Now, what is Mr Collop to do ? He has no hope of paying Mrs Eennel's executor. There is no way that he can see except the way of bankruptcy and utter ruin, and this he fights against to the very last. He, a bankrupt, who has been so severe upon all other people's defaults! he who has been such a shining light amoing the peculiar sect to which he belonged ! Somehow, under these circumstances, the leading tenets of his belief did not comfort him as they might have done. Jf, there were really a chance of every - to an end before to-moring—such being a prominent belief—be need not trouble hikn&Sf.; about these matters. But brought' face to face with ugly, importunate fact, this belief of Collop's paled and dissolved into a shadow. "Inexorable to-morrow morning—tc^Jjiorp^fi morning, with all its load of trouble and anxiety, would dawn upon him sure enough, unless, indeed, he took the matter into his own hands, and put an end, as far as he was concerned, to all to-morrows from hencefortlj. As he sat thus musing, he heard a footstep in the outer shop, The shopman-was gone hoihe, the boy was away on an errand. Collop rose, and looked through the glass screen. A man in a battered wideawake and white slop was peering curiously about. 'What can I serve you with?' cried Collop, putting his head out of the door. 'With a good many things, Mr •Collop,' the man replied,' * if you don't injuyl trusting me till to-morrow morning*; ha, ha!' «X>h ! it's yon, Skim,' said Collop, frowning, 1 Well, what do you want V 1 Some few words with you, master.' * Come in here, and be sharp, for I'm busy.' Skim entered the counting-house, lopked about him cautiously, and sat down in an awkward, stiff-jointed way. He had not improved in outward appearance: his face was more blurred than ever, his eyes duller and less human, the occasional gleam of ferocity that lighted them up of a more sinister kind. You ain't too busy to see me, governor,' he said with a certain significance. 'Times are uncommon hard with me,' he went on in a kind of Bug- "Btive'way. ' So they are with me,' replied Collop. ' As I have told you before, Skim, I can do no more for you.' ' But you see it all come upon me at once, losing my house ' and toy garden, and the money as you paid me, and everything.' ' You hkve only yourself to thank for it,^Skim. I paid you for doing a certain thing—and you didn't do it.' "Ttfasn't my fault; the old woman was so cunning. Didn't I risk everything for you, master 1 But come, sir,' Said Skim, drawing his hand across his lips, and a strange light breaking over his face, 1 let by-gones be by-gohes. I belifeVe you and I can do a good stroke ofibiusiness yet.' * What do you mean ?' . ('"VPell, suppose we hark back a little way, master, and go to the time when thb old woman died—in a fit, as we'll sajr. , ; i Wy, weren't she terrified, when she tuirns round and sees me standing abind of her !' 1 t-. Collop shuddered, and' turned pale, -'^jpri't spea|r of that again. I think I see her now, looking in upon usthere -—there, Slam!' he cried, leaping hastily to ..his feet; and. putting him between the window and himsel£ 'Skim, Bhe's. there 1' ' Bother the man, what a fool he makes of himself,' cried Skim, whose nerves seemed imperturbable. ' 'Tain't here she walks about, man, but where she's buried her gold.' * What do you know about her gold?' cried Collop. . ' Why, I know all about it, master. Don't you think I was took in by you. You didn't go and pay me Beven and sixpence a week just to find out where the old lady put away a few dirty old papers. It was gold we were after, you and I; only the old lass out manoeuvred us. Bat I've got a scent of it now, master.' • * How, Skim! Are you sure 1 Skim, hush! Let me be sure everything is quiet. Here, Skim, come over here and sit beside me here by the fire; you must be cold.' Collop gave the dying cinders a vigorous poke or two with the hook that did duty for a poker, finally extinguishing the fire, and sending a shower of white ash about the itoom. •Ah, I thought I should fetch you there, master,' cried Skim, laughing and rubbing his hands. * Never mind the fire, master, only it's dry work talking. I daresay you've got a bottle in the cupboard yonder.' Collop went out into the shop and brought out a bottle of gin that was kept^n a cupboard there, for the entertainment of good country customers. Skim tossed off a glass of this with relish, and then began his tale, ' A year ago this Christmas, master, you'll remember old Mother Rennel was found dead in her bed—in a fit as they said, including the doctor—so there could be no mistake about that. Well, as soon as ever old Charley Frewen came down and took possession of everything I got notice to quit, and he wanted me to clear off immediately But I knew the law just as well as be did, and says I, no, not afore my notice rums out, and that's next Saturday week. Now, you remember my telling you how we broke open a doorway as the old woman bad stopped up ?' ' No, you didn't tell me, certainly not,' said fcjollop; ' you never told me at the timel' I didn't sanction it.' ' No, but you put it into my head. should never have found out about the door that was blocked up between my part of the house and hers if you hadn't told me. But anyhow, there it was, so as I could prowl about inside there whenever I liked. But to tell you the truth, master, I was frightened to go in there after she died ; there was such strange noises, and there was chaps up and down night and day. It wasn't till the very day as my time was up, and Frewen came driving over, and says he—Now, man, why aren't you cleared out? And says I—Not tonight, master; for I knew he could do nothing, and I wanted to have a bit of fun with him. So says he—Very well, I'll have you out by a policeman first thing on Monday morning. All right, says I. And then I see him drive off, as I thinks, home. Well, says I to myself, I'll have a look round for the last time, and see if everything looks descent and respectable ; and up I goes into the bedroom, and opens my little door into the old bouse, and prowls along quietly. The chap as was looking after the things had gone oft to the Royal Oak. I'd watched him out; and I was strolling about with my hands in my pockets, as unconcerned as you please, when I comes to the parlor-dobr, and lo and behold there was a light there—shining underneath!' * Yes; goon!' cried Collop, shivering all over. ' My heart turned round in my mouth; and almost afore 1 could jump behind the kitchen-door, the handle of the parlor lock was turned, and out walks Charley Frewen. It's lucky for him he didn't see me, else, perhaps, he'd got a nip he'd not have liked ; but be walks straight out at the frontdoor, and leaves it open, as if he'd gone out for a bit of fresh air, like. Thinks I, I'll know what you're after, and I pops into the sittingroom. Well, I didn't wonder as he wanted a mouthful of air, for the room was full of a nasty, sweet, sickly sort of a smell, notwithstanding as the window was wide open, and a fire burning too. There was a kettle on the fire, and thinks I, Charley's having his 'lowance, for there was a jug on the table full of hot water. But no; that wasn't his game at all. There was a letter lying there open, the wax just melted, and it was in the old woman's writing too; and (here lay her gold seal, all ready to seal it up with again. And there were pen, ink, and paper, and a bit of Frewen's writing; and I look at one and another, and I see that what Frewen wrote was the same as what Mrs Rennel wrote'—— ' A copy of her letter, in fact,' suggested Collop. • That's it master. Well, just then it happened luckily for me, that a gust of wind came in through the window, and blows out the candles, and scatters the papers about the floor; but not the paper he wrote, which I holds in my hand, and so I runs oft quick, and hides in the kitchen again ; and I hears Frewen come in, and group about for a light, and muttering and mumbling when he found all his papers blowed about, and more still when he couldn't find that letter he'd wrote. Well, after he had looked high and low, he takes it into his head that it's blowed out of the window, and he goes out there with a candle, and gropes about here and there, while I lay hidden, laughing at him. But I shouldn't have laughed so much if I had known whsEt a dance I should have all along of that letter. Here it is, sir.' Collop took the paper, and read it- carefully. ' Well,' be said, ' it confirms what I always < But what do you make ;of it ? Don tt sav that tliat 'ere treasure lies under the bed of herbs ? I read- it so. certainly. z I weut to work, and dug and trenched j nil over the garden ; for there was hardly S an inch of it where there wasn't mint • s or thyme, or som6 sort of * harb agrowin.' . • And you found nothing I ' Nothing but a few oyster-shells and a rusty ha'penny. Such a beautifullot of carrots too, as Tom Rapley pot out of that garden, and all out of my digging, as you may say.' • "What brings you to me, then! ' Why, you see, master, though I've had education enough to read and^ write, I niii't the kuowledgeableness 1 "; that you have. You're up to alj sorts of games, and can turn things inside. out. You'll know what is to be done. And now, master, I want a bit of money.' _ There was a long dispute over tins, but eventually Skim obtained a trifling advance, and departed, apparently well satisfied. CHAPTER v. But mice and rats, anil such small deer, Have been Tom's food for seven long year. One would hardly have recognised Tom llapley, the smart shopman, in the dejected - looking, somewhat slipshod man who occupied the back part of the old house at Miiford. His thin whiskers had given place to a long thick beavd, and bis mouth was covered by a heavy moustache, that gave a somewhat melancholy and tierce expression to a face that bad formerly been bland and good-tempered. He was pale, too, and his eyes were sunken and dim, as of one who had been living in the shade. In the shade, he bad been living, both literally and metaphorically, ever since his aunt's death. Miiford Manor faced south-west, and the front parlor and the kitchen had been bright, pleasant rooms, getting plenty of sunshine and -warmth; but the outbuilding in which Tom and his wife lived was, as you will remember, in the back part of the house, and had a north-easterly aspect; so that, except in early morning, they were in the shadow all day long, and the place felt cold and vault-like, ; whenever-you .entered it. Tom's premises 1 consisted of the Lack-kitchen, a wash-house or a scullery, and a bedroom above, •. which looked upon a narrow paved yard. At one e.nd of this, was a wood-slied and coal-house ; in the middle h draw-well with windlass and bucket; the brick pathway, that ran along the side of the house, debouched upon the yard at the other end. In front, a thick privet hedge reared itself, a great receptacle for slugs and snails, whose nightly wanderings were unmistakably traceable upon the brick pavement of the yard. At the other side of the private hedge was the garden, at this cud, planted thick with raspberry and gooseberry bushes ; the rest of it devoted to potatoes, cabbages, and onions, and such-like homely products. A narrow strip along the edges of the gravel - paths was ornamented with flowers—marigolds and peonies, stragjiy beds of white 'pinks,' sweet-williams, nr:<} London-pride. There was an orchard beyond, but that was let to a fruitoro:- at Biscopham, and the gate rigoiOi'slv secured. Considering all things, Tom llapley Hii.'lit think himself fortunate in se- '••ni ing such a haven from the storm in which he had barely escaped shipwreck. He had ten shillings a week for looking ail'jT the house, a residence rent-free, the produce ol'the garden ; besides this, he earned ten, or sometimes fifteen shillings week by copying for Mr Frewen. His win 1 , too,added to their means by taking in sewing, earning a precarious shilling ur two with much toil and painstaking. Plill it was a dull aud leaden life. The shadow of [the shut-up house seemed to darken their lives. Regrets and vain unsatisfactory longings for a bright, more varied existence; a sense of injury and exclusion ; so that the daily contemplation of unused,hcarded-up means, which might have been theirs to enjoy, ever renewed intlieirminds, tainted their lives, and blinded them to the advantages they possessed. The^r boy, too, whose future prospects so glaringly contrasted with their present position, did not thrive kindly in their new home. He felt the want of junshine and cheerfulness, and grew up>ather pale and weedy. The village/docfcoriiad recommended ' sea-ba&insr; \for ;hiiin in the summer, and Tom had asked, Mr Froen |f he-would advahce jten founds to give |fche young heir a, chance of gaining trength '.fimong^he xbteezgs and sunhine of "She coast; 1 but Frewen had refused. There were no funds available, he said; and in justice to his own family lie couldn't lend the money out of bis own pocket;; Frewen^as not ft hard-hearted' man,'but Tie' never lost sight of the paramount importance of bis own interests; and he could not forget that RapleyV boy stood in the way of his own children. He would take no unfair advantage, but neither would he throw away Any ofthe advantages he possessed. It was no business of his to loot after the health of young Rapley; there was nothing of the sort enjoined upon him by the instrument under which he acted. That his own lad had a better chance of attaining to manhood, from the greater care and attention that bis father's means insured him, was one of those favorable conditions that Providence had bestowed on theFrewens, of which he would be foolish to refuse to avail himself. Thus, Christmas came round again, the first Christmas the Rapleys bad spent at their new home—a soaking wet, clammy, uncomfortable season. Young Bertie, pale and tbin, and with a haid shrill cough, had gone to spend a week with Aunt Booth. There was generally a good fire there, for the sake of the visitors, and there the boy would sit all day long with a picture book on his lap, and note the changing faces about him with shrewd precocious intelligence. It was anything but a merry Christmas for the Rapley's. An event had come upon them, not unexpectedly indeed, but scarcely welcome one of those events that are so often the subject of facetious raillery, but that are anything but comedy to the, poor sufferer. However, there was one great comfort, it was over. Mrs Bap-, ley was getting on very nicely, apd the baby, healthy and vociferous, was the pride and plague of poor Tom's existence. They had been very much cramped for room, .of course, during these . recent troublesi Tom had' stretched some boards over.the sink, to make a couch for himself, and Bertie had been put to bed on one of the kitchen shelves. All this time the roomy, comfortable house adjacent, with its once sunny chambers and broad passages, was lying dark, silent, and useless, alongside them. Tom Rapley sat by a small chilly fire in the kitchen, watching a saucepan, of gruel that was trying to warm itself into a simmer. He had just dined on a small piece of boiled beef that was very hard and stringy, and a suet pudding with plums in it, few and far between. Everybody was holiday making now, Tom thought, with a sigh, visiting relations and friends, drinking sherry wine and port, mixing punch, roasting chestnuts, and generally going, on gloriously. But Tom had not even a holiday ; for a lot of manuscript lay on the little round table beside him, some copying that Frewen wanted done in a hurry .Christmas or no Christmas. It had become quite dark all of a sudden; a thick gloom was in the sky, betokening a heavy fall of something, rain or snow, aud Tom could work no more without lighting a candle. He had half a mind to smoke a pipe, but hardly felt festive enough to manage it. Th?n he heard a rap, rapping on the ceiling above him, which meant that his wife was knocking on the floor and wauted to see him. Tom waited to stir up the gruel, and see if it was ready for use; but another more impatient rap-a-tapping on the floor above informed him that Mrs Rapley did not wish to attend his leisure. ' You'll spoil your eyes, Tom, if you go on working by this light,' said Lizzie ; * and then, what will become of us? You had much better go for a nice brisk walk. You may go as far as the Royal Oak, if you like, and see how Bertie is getting on.' Tom went out. The snow was falling quickly and silently, laying a thin silvery coating on everything. All the oVijects about loomed strangely in the snow-laden air: the old bam looked like a distant mountain; tiio hedge on the other side of the road, a gloomy^ impenetrable wall. He turned up thB, collar of his coat, pulled his ^t;?ovefr his eyes, and started briskly ajmty^-nagii towards the Royal Oak, howevefc; hp" had no money to spend tbere,'%n|| jwasj too proud to be treated—but slo^g'thfe Biscopham road. His footsjieg^-fell silently on the well-padded In the silence .and stillness end v «u"wrap-. ping gloom, all things around seemed alike vague and -^insubstantial—^himself' a shadow among shades. Presently, lie heard behind liim a muffled sound, "which lie made out to be the beat of hoofs. A vehicle silently passed'him, also ghost-like. . It Was the carrier's c'art. : Sheppard, ;t1ie ';carrifir ? had been to dine with his daughter ;in the-village, and was now going homfe'in his own vehicle. He Tiad picked Up, somebody on the road too, for a conversation was jgoing. on that Bojiiided with starring distinctness in' tlie^gui-] escent 'air. " ''" .' '.,',.•/'. • Old Patch, lie, be gone l at last;j : then/ said a mellow, leisurely,' country, 'voice out ofthe cart—the voice/of Sheppard the carrier, no doubt. 7 'Ah, to be sure. Well, he didn't ougbt to complain. I expect be died pretty well off.'. , ' • That lie did, you may be -sore. Why, as I tell you, he'd been the 'sistant overseer for tliirty years, and he'd seventy pounds a year all that time.— How much does that come to, Sally'?' cried the speaker, appealing to some one in the interior of the wagon. ' Two thousand one hundred pounds,' said a treble voice, with a promptness that spoke well for the arithmetical training of the national school of the period. • Think of that! Why," call it two thousand,' said the speaker liberally. • There's a deal of money—and the interest on it too.' ' Ah, yes,' said the voice of Sheppard ; • but there's a deal to be drawn back out of that. Tom had 'thirteen ^children, and tie brought 'etn all up "and educated'em .respectable; then he bought the cottage as he lives in; and there was stationery, and pens, and ink to, come out of it, as well as meat. and drink.. Oh, T expect he were comfortably off when he died, but nothing more.' ' The voices were lost in the mist; but all of a sudden the* thought occurred to Tom: 4 Why, if old Patch be dead, shouldn't I have his plade V He had no hope of emulating the old man, and laying by a fortune out of his salary, but it would be a very comfortable subsistence for him. The idea put new life and vigor into him. Now, Frewen was a great man in these matters: he was clerk to the guardians; he was all in all| with the local vestries: if Tom could secure Frewen's interest, he would be safe. But there was no time to be lost, for there would be many candidates, and if Frewen promised himself to any one of them Tom's chance would be gone.' He would walk on to Biscopham at once, and ask Frewen for his support this very night. A little before, he had thought with something like a shudder of the risk of crossing Thornton Common, which was on the way to Bisc'ppham,|this snowy evening, but all fear of such a peril had now left him ; "ho dwelt only on the danger of being too' late for the appointment he had the chance of getting. He pushed briskly on, singing to himself as he walked. For a mile or two, the way was through an enclosed country, with hedgerows on each side, and every now and then a cottage, farmstead, or the lodge of some mansion. Beyond that, the road led across the common : it was a good track, with a deep ditch on each side, and under ordinary circumstances it would be impossible to lose one's self in crossing ; but in a heavy snowstorm it is dangerous to travel by night along any road that is not inclosed by hedges or walls. There was enough daylight, however, left in the sky to show Tom his way across,and by-and-by became among the hedgerows once more, and thought himself nearly at Biscopham. But itseemed'a long time before the first gas-lamp shone nobulously in the gloom, and he felt the pavement of the outskirts of the town firm under his tread. The streets were quite deserted ; but the cheerful li g] 'shining from windows, andjbho pccasim rattle jof a piano, or a gfetof'fcarmonvl from jnthin, told^hat the' worthy l) Ur 1 gMBeVbf the to^wije djijy celebrating 1 6,1 tniar CbristmgB revels. : ; | ff fl' (Tfyhe Cititinuei,)\ .." 