FOREIGN" INTELLIGENCE. GERMAN?. The topic of excitement in Germany has been the health of Prinée Bismarck". The Chancellor was fifty-nine years old on April" 1. He was born in the eventful year 4815. Hundreds of letters, telegrams, and addresses reached him on the day, including a personal expression of congratulation from the King of Bavaria. The prince was, according to re- port, to be allowed to get up from bed towards the end of this week, and then, if he continued to gain strength, towards the middle of May he was to go to Kissingen for bathing. It is now said that the doc tô"r8TIave"condemned'Var2iti,Tis being too damp and bleak, and that the Chancellor is ordered to innke his permanent ? residence in a healthier spot in Mid-Germany. It is stated that though Prince Bismarck still »pe'nds the greater part of the day in bed, the desire for sleep has returned, and with it increased strength. The gouty character of the illness bein,g now decidedly apparent, the doctors hope they will soon be able to overcome the disease. Mngr. Melchers, Archbishop of Cologne, has been arrested, and conveyed to prison. He had been warned some days betöre to hold himself in readiness for this, but, when the President of Police at last called on him, he protested strongly, and declared that he would only yield to force, so the officer took him by the arm and led bim out to the carriage, which was waiting before the door. The Cologne diocese has been perfectly prepared for this arrest of its chief. For a fortnight before it actuall} occurred, deputations had been pouring into the city from all parts of the diocese, conveying the sym- pathy of the faithf al with their .' persecuted ? head. It was one of the sights of Cologne to watch the daily processions -from the- railway-station to the palace; and the place before the prelate's residenoe was always full 'of people, ready to greet the first gleam of a violet soutane ? with tumultuous Hochs. Day and night some watched the door, determined to be present when the archbishop was arrested. And the same process is now going on at Paderborn, where the bishop has been receiving great ovations. Traiab convey thousands to the city, where there-is the daily ex- hibition of processions, flags, and addresses of sym- pathy. Apparently, therefore, another important clerical arrest is not far distant. UNITED STATES. The Women's Whisky War is still a topic of great interest in the American journals. In Buffalo a shrewd dealer got a notice published that his saloon was to be visited, and in this way drew a huge crowd, who consumed a vast amount of liquor while waiting for the women to come. No ladies put in an appearanoe, and the crowd, ultimately discovering the hoax, dispersed. In Indianapolis a dealer employed an orchestra to drown the prayer-meeting, but it was ineffectual, and he finally let out a couple of tame bears, at sight of which the ladies beat a hasty retreat. Throwing pepper in the stove is a common trick, and always dissolves the prayer-meetings. At Piqua, Ohio, a bar- keeper began undressing, and this caused the ladies to with- draw. His conduct almost got him lynched, how- ever, for a crowd soon gathered, and gave him an bourns time in which te leave town. At Logan a saloon-keeper who surrendered has " back-slid," and begun business again, so that he is now '* the subject of a perfect storm of prayers." At Ripley the ladies, being denied admission to a saloon, built a fire and encamped in front of it, conducting the siege so vigorously that in a few hours the proprietor surrendered. In Chicago the movement began in a small way on Feb. 25. An old lady went from one saloon to another in a part of the town where they are numerous, and, informing each bar-keepar that she intended to pray for him, knelt in a corser and offered up her supplication. The Western telegrams report some disturbances at London, in Ohio, where a " tabernacle" placed in front of a saloon has been wrecked by the proprietor and bis friends, the ladies being-drenched with buckets of filthy water. A terrible conflagration, by which seventy-one buildings were destroyed, and seven persons lost their lives, occurred on April 1st at Millerstown, Pennsylvania, p.S. One'of Hhe first edifices attacked by file flames was the Central Hotel, the escape of the inmates being cut off. ' Three of the gupsts and three servante were knqwn to haye fjeen burned, and others arp supposed to h»?e perfsqeij. Qné qf the latter jumped from a third-storey window and sustained frightful injuries. The loss by the fire is very considerable, and is inadequately covered by insurance. Capt. Oliver, one of those who perished, is a gentleman well-known in the Pennsylvania oil trade. The fire originated by the explosion of gas. The Hartford Times states that on the night of the 23rd ult., about midnight, the signal-station on the top of Mount Washington reported a north-west gale blowing at the fearful rate of 140 miles an hour -as shown by the anenjoinefer-and a temperature l8 degrees below zero. No human being cquld stand before such a gale. The peopfe in the ehajnedrdorçra hut contrive to examine the anemometer without emerging, else they would be swept off bodily, and hurlea down Tuckermaa's Ravine. The roar of such a mountain gale is terrible beyond description. We should think so. Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Carolina, is doing missionary work in its neighbourhood. The American riyaj of Vesuvius, as it is already named, has been " interviewed," apd the resuit communi- cated to the world. The shocks, described by the correspondent of the iVéio York Herald as " com- mencing with a noise like that of a smothered blast, and followed by a low rumbling sound," are produc- ing a most profound effect upon the inhabitants of the district. At a farmhouse where the writer halted during his ascent of the mountain he found a crowd of terror-stricken people. One of these, who owed fifty dollars, offered to sell his two cows and a horsevfor that amount, '_' because he did not want to go euFiif the,wjàç\d owing a cent to any man." And his, feel -ing» aTH jharftd hy the whale population. Pr&yer; «eetnurs.* i are... paid, j at which the most,, ex- traordinary eohyers'ipns' ' are made. Those' at ',' Elliott's hdtraer -at" ttíe" "base of . Stone Moun- tain," «ate ¡dejcnbedyas of a. most, enthusiastic nature, During their Continuance, oji ^he fjfth day, a singular' scene occurred, .' A perfect Rip van AVinkle appeared, in the person of Major Bende, an illicit distiller." The major, " who carried on his sinful traffic in the very bowels of the mountain, and was seldom seen by humans," appeared, as pale as a ghost, and exclaimed;" " It's coming and thar ain't no use a talkin'. Ef you had be'n shuk as bad as I you wouldn't be a wantin' nothin' hut religion." The old man then told how the rumbling noises determined him to come down the mountain, mend his ways, and quit distilling. Thinking the world was coming to an end, all ho .wanted was " a revenue officer to whom he could confess his transgressions against the Government." But the revenue officers had fled the night before from the same cause. They had attended the meet- ing, during which " the severe shocks so frightened them" that they ordered their horses and " put off iu a hurry." A negro preacher has improved the oc- casion and made numerous conversions. The only fear is that when danger disappears the Converts will return to their old ways. 