COUNTRY NEWS. {.From our Country Correspondents.] GLENBURN, July 14. A very successful soiree in connection with the Glenburn Institute was given on Thursday evening, July 9, and notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the weather and darkness of the night, there was a large number of personB in attendance. The soiree commenced by Mrs. Ladyman playing the opening piece. The first on the programme was "Beautiful Star," very sweetly sung by Mrs, Ladyman and; her pupils,. Our Institute soirees are always highly appre ciated by the audience on account of the music and' singing being so superior. The duet, " Love and Pride," by Misses Bryant and Apple ton, elicited an encore. The programme in cluded the following pieces, which were well rendered, . Mr, W. Price, of Adelaide, three readings, highly appreciated; " Beautif ul Star," song, by Mrs, Ladyman and pupils; "The Spanish Champion," recitation,- Mr. Ap pleton; song, Mrs. Ladyman, "Love among the roses; " song,- Mrs. ladyman's pupils, " Put me in my- Little Bed;". Mr. Ladyman, reading, "The Irish Dancing Master;" song,- Mrs.. Ladyman, " No Irish "need Apply; " Master B. Whyte, recitation, " The Ghost;" the choir, "Write me a letter from home ;" Mr. Whyte,' reading, " Bobby's Breeches;" MrS. La'dyinan, " The Gipsy's Warning;" Mr. McLeod, a reading, " The Umbrella Courtship;" the choir, a song,- "Wait for the Waggon;" "Kis3 Me and I'll go to Sleep;" choir; Mr. Whyte, reading, "The Highlander at Sea duet, Miss Bryant and Miss Appleton, " Love and Pride," encored; song, Mrs. Ladyman, Not for Joseph;" recitation, Mr. Appleton, "The Bachelor's Lament;" Mrs. Ladyman, song, " Mrs. Jones's Musical Party;" recitation, Master Jas. Whyte, "At the Dawning of the Day;" song hy the choir, " Will You Buy My Pretty Flowers." The amusing trial from Pick wick Papers—" Bardell v. Pickwick," in full dress, caused roars of laughter. Three cheers were given for Mrs. Ladyman and her pupils, " God Save the Qaeen" closed a very pleasant evening's recreation. 