THE TICHBORNE CASE. VERDICT AND SENTENCE. THE LAST SCENE. It is difficult for those of us who have been in any way intimately connected with the Tichborne case fully to realise the fact, already telegraphed to all quarters of the globe, that it is now finally and absolutely at an end. Our work seemed like that of Sisyphus ; we worked hard and appeared to make much progress, but the goal ever kept well ahead, and flitted about like a will-o'-the-wisp. Now that it has been gained, it requires an effort to believe that we are suffering from no hallucination. The result must be admitted by everyone who has closely followed the evidence to be a righteous one, and I can tell you for a fact, that not one of the regular attenders in Court, barring always the advisers and counsel of the defendant, now can say that he disagrees with the verdict of the jury. Many there were who before they commenced a course of regular attendance were sincere believers in the bona fides of the defendant, and many more who, while doubtful on the subject of his story, were favourably impressed with him, because of his undoubted geniality of manners and his well-feigned, if uni eal cheerfulness of disposition; but all were constrained to confess that the evidence proved him an imposter. The closing day was not altogether what we expected, and principally because the external manifestations of excitement fell very far short of general expectation. The crowd was at no time so great as it had been frequently on ordinary afternoons during the trial ; but this by no means indicated any falling off of interest. On the contrary, it is chiefly to he attributed to the fact that the jury delivered their verdict earlier than was anticipated, and that the police very skilfully carried out their instructions to keep people moving. Inside the Court there was no lack of excitement. So early as nine o'clock it was found necessary to open the doors, which for some time had been besieged by barristers and ticketholders. Half-an-hour afterwards not a seat was left vacant and it seemed as if room were not to be left even for the Judges, one highly privileged person after another being favoured with a place on the bench till it looked tolerably full. Lord Chelmsford, who has been a pretty regular attender for some time, was there as a matter of course, and in addition there were the Earl of Westmoreland, Mr. Childers, Lord E. Paget, Sir James Hamilton, the Earl of Dudley, Lord Ruthven, and, curiously enough, Herr Joachim and Mr. Arthur Sullivan. The judges' galleries were filled with ladies of influence, including Mrs. Mellor and Mrs. Lush, as representing the bench, and Lady Radcliffe, Mrs. and Miss Nangle, and others, as representatives of the Tichborne family. In the body of the Court there was so full an attendance of persons known in connection with the case, either in the capacity of witnesses or agents, that one is at loss to know where the general public was. As to the Lord Chief Justice's charge, if your readers want to understand how effective it was, they must peruse it word for word, and endeavour to form an idea of the circumstances under which it was delivered to a crowded and profoundly interested Court-five or six thousand loiterers outside, the whole country, nay, the English-speaking world, waiting for the result ; the character of the prisoner ; the nature of the issue. Let them bear all these in mind, and also the fact that the orator was a grand old man of seventy-two, and they will see that no idle question is to be asked as to whether he did it well," whether the Court was moved," whether it had an influence on the jury." The answer to all such questions is so superlatively in the affirmative that to one who was present they seem as annoyingly gratuitous as inquiries as to whether you like Shakespeare or think much of Milton. I will not attempt to describe it, or the effect it produced. Let it suffice that it is on all hands admitted to have been one of the grandest displays of for ensio exposition and oratory ever heard in the Court of Queen's Bench that it kept the jury and the Court spellbound, and made the coolest of reporters lose their self-possession. A story is told of a wonderful after-dinner speech Professor Wilson once made, which is said to have been such a torrent of eloquence that the most skilful stenographers had to put down their pencils, not only because they were unable to keep up with his rapid speech, but because they were too much affected by what he said to be able to write and certainly the effect produced by the close of Sir Alexander Cockburn's charge on Saturday was almost equally remarkable. But it was not only the oratory that called forth admiration. Students of the case looked below this, and wondered at the marvellous skill with which the damnatory facts were packed together, every link in the chain of evidence being firmly fastened"to'its neighbour, and the whole being nothing less than the conviction of Arthur Orton. For up till the very last, there were some waverers among the jury ; who, while they did not think the defendant was Roger Tichborne, were not satisfied that he was Arthur Orton and when they assembled for the last time, there was still considerable uncertainty as to whether one or two would not persist in holding out. The Chief Justice's interrogatory peroration, however, was felt to he unanswerable, and the deliberation in private became but a matter of form. It was less than half-an-hour after they had retired when the ominous words were heard " Make way for the Jury and the twelve good men and true returned in Indian file, each man looking as deadly pale as if he himself were the prisoner. As for the defendant, he already felt his doom had come. He had driven down in his brougham only two and a half hours before ; he had been cheered by the crowd outside, and had smiled to them in acknowledging their sympathy ; he had bundled into the Court as high-spirited as ever, and had performed his material duty of answer- ing the budget of letters always awaiting him. But his appearance had, for once been undergoing a change. He had become solemn as the grave, and leaning his elbows on the table, and resting his checks in the palms of his hands, had followed every word of the Judge's charge. His face was flushed to a bronze colour with the excitement, but not more so than that of his leading counsel, Dr. Kenealy, who sat immediately behind him, and who appeared boiling over with wrath at the way he had been spoken of by the Lord Chief Justice and the other Judges. It was a study to watch the two men as, with well-studied calmness, they waited the verdict that was to decide both their faces. They tallied, and even tried to force a smile occasionally, but the time hung heavily, and each turned frequently to the clock. The suspense was put an end to very speedily. The early return was decisive, and when the cry " make way for the jury " was heard, it went home to Orton in a way that showed he know what it foreboded, It nearly had the better of him for a moment or two be drooped, but the jury were barely in sight when he raised his head defiantly, and stared them one after another in the face as they filed past him. In the same way did he look at them while they took their places in the box, and the Master read over their names, There was an immense increase of excitement as the verdict was being given on the different counts, and there was quite a burst of? applause over the vindication of the character or Lady Radcliffe. The foreman had hardly finished, when the defendant was ordered to stand up. He jumped to his feet with great alacrity, and stood with head erect and the tips of his fingers , resting on the table before him, while Mr. Justice , Mellor delivered the sentence. Not a feature moved the whole time his Lordship was speaking ; but when he had finished the defendant turned to the Lord Chief Justice, and with a ghost of his old smile, asked if he might say a word or two. This request being refused,- he remarked with affected gaiety, "Very well, my Lord, it's all right," and having had a hurried good-bye to Dr. Kenealy, he bowed to the tipstaff as indicating he was ready, and with somewhat of a swaggering air followed him out of court. The rear was closed in by number of detectives, who had been sitting opposite the defendant all the morning in plain clothes, and whose duty it was to take care he did not poison him itself or do any damage with a revolver, as it was I feared he might, in the event of his being convicted. Hardly was he out of court till the great criminal's courage failed him, and he wept like a child. His secretary, Mr. Harding, who has been as devoted to him as over one man was to another, was also in tears, and piteously beseeched the officers to let him go ton, Young Bogle was likewise affected. The prisoner gave Bogle his watch and chain as a present, and he also handed some trinkets to Harding and others of his friends. Then he was conveyed by subterranean passages to the court-yard in the neighbourhood of the Victoria ' Tower, where a private omnibus with darkened windows was in readiness to receive him. A superintendent and an inspector, as well as the detectives, accompanied him inside, while the outside was perfectly covered with policemen. The crowd outside were by this time only getting acquainted with the verdict, and they waited patiently for the defendant to make his exit at the usual place in Palace Yard, altogether ignorant of the fact that he was on his way to Newgate by the circuitous route of Vauxhall and the south side of of the river. The jury and the Judges left without attracting much observation, and when it was known the great fat man was really to be seen no more, the police had a comparatively easy task to clear the streets. There are some points in Saturday's proceedings in the Court of Queen's Bench in regard to which some confusion exists. Olio B, as to why the Lord Chief Justice did not sentence the prisoner and to this the answer is simply that etiquette gives this duty to the senior puisne judge present. Then it is asked why punishment was only awarded on two counts, when three distinct acts of perjury were understood to be at issue ? To this the answer is, that while popularly there were three issues, there were technically only two points in the ludicrous, one being that the defendant committed perjury at the Court of Chancery, and the other that he committed perjury in the Court of Common Pleas. If he had been separately indicted for each of his numerous mis- statements, the counts would have been numbered by the hundred. It may be interesting to your readers to know that Mr. Justice Mellor had the sentence written, from which it may be gathered that their Lordships know pretty well how matters would go. THE VERDICT AND SENTENCE. Shortly before nine o'clock on Saturday morning, the Judges' entrance to the Court of Queen's Bench was crowded by persons of rank and distinction armed with orders for admission, and on the doors being opened the Court was speedily filled. The ingenuity and patience of the officials were taxed to the utmost. The seats appropriated to barristers ''"were filled, and the gangways on either side of the Court were filled with gentlemen of the long robe. The places appropriated to the public were crowded and the galleries were crammed. All the faces with which the reporters have become familiar during this lengthened trial were visible, whether amongst the barristers or the general public. Besides all the counsel for the prosecution, Dr. Kenealy, who has scarcely been seen since the close of his speech, appeared in his usual place. In the body of the Court the gentleman known as Mr. Lafontaine, who has scarcely been absent a single day either in this trial or the last, Mr. Gosford, Roger's friend, Mr. Miller, the Australian attorney, and the other' supporters of the prosecution, down to Whicher, Clarke, and Charles Orton. Messrs. Gray, Pollard, Stevens, and Bowker represented the attorneys for the prosecution and the defendant was supported on either side by Mr. Harcourt, his solicitor, and young Harry Bogle, his bench . man. In the galleries were Mrs. Mellor, Mrs. Lush, Mrs. and Miss Neagle, and other members of the Tichborne family. On the bench were Lord Chelmsford, the Earl of Westmoreland, the Right Hon. Hugh Childers, M.P., Lord G. Paget, Mrs., ' Sir James Hamilton, Earl of Dudley, Lord Ruthven, Herr Joachim, and Mr. Arthur Sullivan. As the hands of the clock slowly progressed .' towards the hour of ten, the excitement became more and more intense, but the buzz of anxious expectation suddenly subsided into the most intense . silence when the judges, at a few minutes past the hour, took their places on the bench. The Lord Chief Justice in resuming his address to the jury, said Gentlemen of the jury, we have ( travelled together over the large and extensive range of the facts of this case, and the evidence on one side and on the other. My purpose throughout has been to place it before you as one great whole-to show you how the various parts of it con- verged, as it were, into one another, and the relations which these parts bear to the mass as one great entire whole. I have been satisfied from the beginning that it is only by looking at it in that light, and putting it before you in a comprehensive . view, that you can thoroughly understand its merits and appreciate it. Let us now at the last moment see if we can gather together the thread of this tangled story by passing in review the most prominent and salient points. Is the defendant Arthur Orton ? We have a strong body of evidence affirming his identity with that man, while, on the other hand, we have a considerable body of evidence to show that he is not. in point of number the witnesses for the defendant exceed those for the prosecution ; but the witnesses for the prosecution, although less numerous, would be more weighty, because it includes the evidence of the woman with whom Arthur Orton kept company, who is more likely than any one else to have his features, and appearance impressed upon her memory. But, on the other hand, the defendant produces witnesses who speak to marks on Orton which the defendant has not. If the evidence of these witnesses could be relied upon there would be an end to the case, so far as the Arthur Orton part of it is concerned ; but these witnesses may intend to deceive us, or they may, not intending to deceive us, deceive themselves. They may be applying their memory to some other of the brothers to Arthur Orton. We must extend our range of examination and follow Arthur Orton to South America, to Melapilla. We know that the defendant was at Melapilla. We know that there was but one Englishman there at that time, and we find no trace of Roger Tichborne there either in his letters or in the Castro correspondence. But in the Castro correspondence we find an Englishman there and be was Arthur Orton. The Englishman who was there, went by the name of Arthur Orton, and we have the name of Roger Tichborne not known. It is impossible to suggest that Roger Tichborne over adopted the name of Arthur Orton, and unless be assumed the name of Arthur Orton the fact stands simply thus-that Arthur Orton was there, or at all events a person passing by that name was there, and that the defendant was there, but there is no trace of Roger . Tichborne there. What explanation can possibly be offered to meet the inference that legitimately arises from that statement? We follow Arthur Orton in the Australian world ; We find him landed at Hobart Town ; we find him at once betaking himself to that occupation which his education and antecedents would naturally lead him to-ho becomes a slaughterer to the butchers at Hobart Town ; he chances that occupation for the occupation of stock driver or herdsman. He passes . from Tasmania into Australia proper. We find him at Boisdale, at Dargo, and at Boisdale again, occupied in the same way as a butcher's slaughterman or as a stock driver. The same occupation he followed in Tasmania he follows in Australia. We then hear of him in Wagga Wagga, carrying on the same business. Thus we trace Arthur Orton from South America to Tasmania, from Tasmania to Australia, following the same pursuits for even the witnesses for the defendant, who distinguish between Castro and Arthur Orton, tell us that those were the callings Arthur Orton followed. That Arthur Orton was at Boisdale and Dargo, and at Bois- dale again, we know is an absolute certainty and the same reason that applied to Arthur Orton at Mela pills applies again to Arthur Orton at Boisdale, Dargo, and Boisdale again. If Arthur Orton was there and you find no trace of Castro-in other words, Roger Tichborne under the name of Castro as the defendant has represented what is the legitimate inference which would follow The defendant undoubtedly at Dargo and at Boisdale Arthur Orton undoubtedly there too-no trace whatever of Castro there-what is the inference ? Is it or is it not that the man who was there was Arthur Orton ? Then, gentlemen, when the listen- ' daut comes to England, what is the course of conduct he pursues ? He goes to Wapping at once. In what way can that be explained except upon the hypothesis of his being Arthur Orton ? He goes ' there in secrecy-in darkness he takes care that neither his friends nor his advisers shall know his relations with the Orton family and when the thing is discovered or at all events believed to be discovered he meets it by a denial, which denial he is constrained to admit was false. Do not all these and other circumstances lead to the conclusion that the defendant is Arthur Orton ? They may be mistaken themselves as to the identity of one or other of those persons whom they have met. But there are the startling facts to which I have called your attention. No one but Arthur Orton can we make out at Melipilla or at Boisdale. There are facts which we can easily understand if considered with reference to Arthur Orton ; but which we cannot understand if we consider them with reference to Roger Tichborne. How can we understand his telling Mr. Gibbes that he had had St. Vitus's dance ? When had Roger Tichborne it We know that Arthur Orton had it. - How shall we explain the introduction in the Wagga Wagga will of names known to Arthur Orton but unknown to Roger Tichborne ? How shall we explain the fact, that when called upon suddenly to say in what ship he sailed from Europe, and at what time, instead of naming the ship in which Roger Tich- borne sailed, he named the ship in which Arthur Orton sailed, and the time at which he left England. Whence could the knowledge of the Jessie Miller have reached Roger Tichborne ? An explanation was offered by the learned counsel for defendant which you heard. If you think it one which any reasonable or sensible man can accept if it carries conviction to your minds adopt it. If you think in the production of a wild and exuberant fancy, do not deal with it at all (A laugh.) Now, let us come to the far more important question whether the defendant is Roger Tichborne, because the question whether he is Arthur Orton is merely subordinate to the still larger question, and which, if the Arthur Orton Case should remain unsolved, still remains to be ! considered by you. Let us look to all the facts from the beginning of the time when the defendant came forward. You naturally ask, "So many long years have passed since tidings came of Roger i Tichborne ;, no one has heard of him all those con- ] acted with him, with one single solitary exception, , have long given him up for dead ; you come upon us as one rising from the dead give us some , account of where you have been, how you were ¡ saved, and what you have been doing," Of course he is under the necessity of affording some explanation before he can invoke the aid of the " Courts of Law to assist him in making good his claim, We ask him to tell us that which no man hitherto has known-how the Bella went down ? And he begins with the shipwreck, ' telling a story which no man in his senses can be lieve, and which nautical expert advice and knowledge at once condemn, which his own counsel cannot venture to ask you to believe. The story of the ship having 12 feet of water in the hold, and the captain walking the dock unconscious that the vessel was in that condition, is one which no sailor, or even landsman, assisted by the knowledge of 'sailors, on adopt. He tells the story of how they betook themselves to the boat, and how they 'told the other to keep them company. The story is one which you cannot be asked to believe, and it has this additional improbability, that the boat that was said to have, the compasses and provisions on board was soon afterwards found bottom upwards, b that the supposition of the boat being rowed about two days and two nights seems to fall to the ground, Can anyone believe that story 1 The learned counsel attributes it to the imagination of his client. Then we come to the saving ship. We have the extraordinary statement that the defendant was three months on board ship, and it was to be supposed that he was well during same part of that fine, Yet he could not say whether the name in the ship was the Osprey or the Thames, putting forward one at one time, and the other at another, and he cannot state under what circumstances We have also the singular fact that, except the trumped up story of Love, there has come no voice from the sea or from the shore that there was any person saved from the ship to lend foundation to the story The defendant landed at Melbourne He has to account for his time He tells us that he went to Dingo and Boisdale What becomes of the story of his Australian life' With the evidence of Mrs McAlister, and with the hooks before you confirmatory of that evidence, can you come to the conclusion that the defendant, if there, was any other than Arthur Orton' is there the slightest trace of Castro there Let us pass on He leaves Boisdale and Dargo, and takes up a wandering life, and occupies himself with various avocations And we cannot fail to be struck by the singular coincidence of the certain life of one man, and the life which we are told was also the life of the otheR How should Roger Tichborne come upon the idea of being either a stock keeper or butcher I o Arthur Orton those things were natural He had been brought up as a butcher He was acquainted with cattle, and it does strike me as strange that the very life of the one and the life of Arthur Orton should be the life which, according to his own statement, was adopted by the defendant Undoubtedly Arthur Orton followed the t ode first of a butcher then of a stock keeper, and then he sets up for himself as a butcher So does the defendant. The defendant follow the calling of a stockkeeper, then of a butcher's man, and finally sets up as a butcher himself How should that kind of life enter into the thoughts of Roger Tichborne Then you have the defendant wandering about breaking horses What v, as the first thing which Arthur Orton learned, in addition to the business of a butcher It was the breaking in of ponies, and the only change in the Australian life at the defendant is that, instead of breaking in the Shetland ponies, he deals in horses So that we have the defendant following exactly the course of life which Arthur Orton appears to have followed And we find him following a course of life which, unless under very extraordinary circumstances, such as have not been brought to our knowledge, we can hardly suppose would have occurred to Roger Tichborne at all Then, in addition to that, 311st look at the life of hardship, toil, privation, and distress through which the defendant, by his own admission, has passed Upon what possible hypothesis can you conceive that Roger Tichborne would have adopted that life ' Let it be granted, if you please, that he was a man of eccentric mind-although, unless in this line of conduct which he is supposed to have pursued, I cannot find any trace of ec- centricity let us suppose that he was a man capable of taking to a wild life of adventure, having been saved with the pleasures and enjoy- ments of the life which he had previously led But was this a life of advent me and excitement' I cannot see any trace of it Was it a life which a man would adopt from any of those somewhat t strange, but yet excited feelings which have induced men to quit a society and to take themselves to the desert I cannot see it. On the central y, it is the common place life of Arthur Oi ton-the life winch anyone going out from this country to find employment in the New World, under such circumstances as Arthur Or ton went out, would adopt Well, we follow him further on the defendant makes a marriage which it is impossible that Sir Roger Tichborne, unless led away by a very strange fascination mad infatuation, would have made It is a 111 image which we cannot suppose Roger 1 left- home would have formed if he had ever intended at any time to come back to this country What is the suggestion ' Why is it that Roger Tichborne should have led this life A man in his position, with an independent fortune of 1 thousand a year, the hen of a title and large estates, worth at least £20,000 a year the boer ton bat surely taking to the life of a butcher and stock keeper out in Australia A very honest occupation, if a man honestly pursues it, but not such an occupation as a man of rank and fortune would adopt And from what possible motive ' What reason does he him self assign for it He says that he did not intend to come back to Europe till after his father was dead We find no trace whatever in the letters of Roger Tichborne to lead to that belief He intimates no such intention He merely says he will not be much in England and will not live at Tich borne vv Rule his parents by 0 There is another con- Federation which must not be lost sight of If there was one person in the world whom Roger loved it was his brother We see in all his letters that he was fond of his brother, for he speaks of him with playful tender ness, which is one of the best forms in which affection could show itself Could Roger neighbor we have failed to know that if he father died, whilst he gave no sign of being in existence, that his brother Alfred would step into the title and estates ' Could he have failed to knew that when his brother had grown to man's estate, he would have formed a union with some lady 111 his own position of life ' Could he have failed to appreciate the humiliation which it would be to his brother 8 wife and children, after having assumed the title and entered upon the estates, to have to step down 11 and admit that they had in a certain sense improperly assumed the title No brother could li ivo failed to be conscious of the painfully false position in which he had been placing his brother in allowing him to take the place of which he would be dispossessed if he were again to come for a iii d That tends so ugly to show that this could not have been Roger Tichborne Then, again, touching upon the same subject, and going over the same ground, as we persuade ourselves that large number could have written that Richardson letter' For what conceivable motive, for what earthly purpose ' Then we get him into the relation with Ali Gibbes, and find him ignorant of his birthplace, and stating that his father had an estate 111 Dorsetshire, whereas he had no such estate We find him telling Mr Gibbes that he had the St Vitus s dance, and that he was educated only by snatches by a TOSH it priest as a Christian brother He ignores entirely the three years' life at Stonyhurst , he ignores entirely the three oars life in the in my and when he was told by Mr Gibbes in his astonishment that such important events of his life had not been commune used to lament his mother said he had been an officer in the army-he peremptorily denies It He says that he enlisted in consequence of his getting into some pecuniary difficult) or strait, that his father bought him out, and that he was shut up for a month at home-the identical month 111 which Arthur Orton sailed from London, but not the month, by many months, in which Roger Tichborne dop parted from this country And then we have the extraordinary circumstance that he does not know the Christian names of his own mother Are these things lecnnadnblu with the identity of Roger Tichborne' Then he comes to England, and the same observations that apply with reference to Arthur Orton, apply in the opposite direction with regard to Roger Tichborne How can you suppose that Roger Tichborne, on that very first night of his aim at in this country, went down to Wapping" How can you suppose that Roger Tichborne had recoin se to deception, and in one sense fraud, to conceal from the Orton sisters who he really was-those sisters with whom he was in correspondence, and from whom he desired to obtain information as to the Orton f firmly, in order that he might not be expired ' How can you imagine Roger Tichborne would have done such things ' For what purpose would he do them ' 1 These are the substantial difficulties 111 the case, with which the learned counsel for the defendant would have grappled if he could, but of which I have hitherto found no solution Then you find the defendant going down to Alresford, and reconnoitre ing the lillico, and again under a feigned name Instead of immediately receiving his mother, and holding intercourse with the members of the family, we find him holding aloof from them, and avoiding them, and when he does go instead of going alone and rushing into his mother's arms, we land he gets an attorney and a commission agent to be present at the first outcry 10w You have heard the account of that meeting Instead of using to meet her, he lies down on the bed, and but as his head to the wall Are these things to be reconciled with a real and undoubted son' Now he has interviews with members of the family inter views sought by them, not by him with the single exception of a letter addressed to Mr Danby Seymour a letter 111 itself pregnant with matter operating to the disadvantage of the defendant, and a letter in which he addressed him as " uncle, and reminds him of the relationship love of the meetings take place, and if you behave 0 the representations of the witnesses, he failed to know the members of the family - that he mistook Lady Radehtlo for Mrs low me, and Mrs Townley for Lady Radehtlo All these are strong things to show that he is not the man, but that is for you to judge Now the time came in the defendant to give his own account in open Court, and although I have perhaps wearied you, I thought it right to place it all before you What is his knowledge of Roger labor lies life at Paris' He knows 0110 or two things, but beyond that he knew s nothing The old friend of his father who made Roger Tichborne his pet companion is ivy holly forgotten His confessor he so completely for gets that he does not know his name, and says he confessed to a priest who novel confessed him at all Of his youthful journeys with his parents he at first forgets all, and in the end only remembers one then the family residences 111 Paris are jumbled together in a most extraordinary manner the list is put last, and the last fast The Rue de la I came, while he took his last farewell of his parents before he left Europe, he supposes was the place where he was instructed by Chatillon, who never gave him any lessons after 1840 and the Rue St. Honore, in which he lived 111 his childhood, was the house in which he took leave of his parents 1 Then what are his teuiiiiiscuiices of Stonyhurst ' Hu domes that his father took him there, though we know it was so , he tells us he was lodged in a cottage for 15 months, when we know there was no such place 1 le does not know even the name of the seminary) where Roger 111 reality did lodge and supposes the cemetery is meant when the seminar) is mentioned Of the studies it is unnecessary to remind you of the jumble of Greek with Latin, mathematics with chemistry, it is unnecessary to do more than in 11 passing observation to recall them to your minds Of the masters has for gets those who taught him, and say those did teach him who never taught him a word of the vacations and the games-pt Sandy, the far omits game of Roger Tichborne, he knows nothing. One vacation in August be puts at Midsummer, and then finds g that wrong, places it in August, but makes the main vacation occur in the winter, when there was none. Are these thing sufficient to establish the identity of Roger Tichborne? Is this amount of knowledge in your opinion, sufficient, or does it lead altogether in the opposite direction ? Then we have the intermediate year in which he was under- going a course of preparation for the army, and there find everything reversed. He does not know of his having failed on the examination, and having got hold of the fact that Roger Tichborne studied in London which he could easily get from Roger's letters to his mother-he supposes it must have been anterior to the examination at Sandhurst. He is totally ¡gnorntof having studied with Mr. Moberly, and knows nothing of Owslesbury. Afterwards, when an opportunity has been afforded, and he finds that the name is pronounced " Ussio bury," he says that, being Roger Tichborne, he did not know it under the name of Owsles- bury, although coupled with the name of Moberly. Then we have his relations with the Seymour family, and he asserts that he sometimes called Mr. Danby Seymour and Mr. Alfred Seymour his uncles, whereas we know that it is not the fact. He says that he spoke of Mr. Seymour as his grandfather ; we know that he did not. He forgot where was the butler's cottage where he used to smoke, and the name of the butler, although he was afterwards in the habit of frequenting the butler's house when be set up as a lodging-house keeper in St. James Place, London. He forgets the dying illness of his grandfather, Mr. Seymour. He forgets that he went to Bath to see him. He does not know that he died at Bath, and asserts that he died at Knoyle. Yet one would think that the last farewell of a dying person who, while not nominally, was actually his grandfather, and who appears to have behaved to him with the kindness which a relative would show to his grandson, would have been remembered. He does not know that. He did not know that on that occasion Roger, in 1849, went to Bath to take leave of the old man who was there in the last stage of a lingering disorder, and whom he knew he should never see again. Then we come to his life in the army and his recollections of Dublin. There was a lady there who was particularly kind to him, Lady Clanricarde, and he hardly knew her name, but he thinks he might have met her at the Dease's, who had no house there, but were only casual visitors, so that this was a double mistake. Yet it is at this period, no doubt, of Roger Tichborne's life that the defendant has the best information. He can tell us many things. He knows the circumstance of Clarke's being killed when the horse ran away. He remembers Roger Tichborne's horse running away, and imperilling the rider's life. ¡ He knows many of the practical jokes played upon Roger Tichborne. He knows that the donkey was put in the bed, and he knows that David was the man on duty when he called upon him to take the donkey out of his bed. He knew of having confined men, of having sentenced them to drills for particular offences, after the long lapse of years. He gives instances of marvellous memory, as it appears to me. He remembers the number of a . trooper's horse, assimilating the horse with the name of a particular mail. We have numerous instances of this. These simple-minded Carabineers came, and receiving correct answers to their questions, they rush to the conclusion that he must be Roger Tichborne. But are we to be satisfied that the information thus given came from him, and must not ask whether it came from others t Why did he take Bogle into his house? Why did he bring him over here, except for what Bogle could supply ? For what purpose does he take Carter, the man who was his servant for so many years, and knew all about Roger Tichborne's military life, into his service ? For what purpose does he take M'Cann, a worn-out man, who cannot and does not render any service, except for a similar purpose? These are things which we must ask ourselves, and see if we can find any answer to them. For what becomes of the knowledge of all these details if you carry your minds and your recollections back to his statements in Australia The man who recollects the number of the trooper's horse, and recollects all the petty incidents of Roger Tichborne's military life that man before he came to England, and before he had these adventitious aids, didn't even know that Roger Tichborne had been in the army at all I cannot suppose that it could occur to anybody for a moment to say that the defendant, if he were Roger Tich- borne had any purpose in deceiving Mr. Gibbes. Not so. He had a purpose in telling Mr. Gibbes, no doubt, things that were incorrect, for the purpose of inducing him to believe that he was the true man when he wanted to raise money through the Australian bank, and he was therefore obliged to give Mr. Gibbes answers to the questions which were put to him. But if he know the truth there could be no possible motive for him to substitute falsehood for truth and therefore, when he omitted giving Mr. Gibbes any details of Roger Tichborne's army life at all, and when Mr. Gibbes reminded him that he had not said one word about his having been a cavalry officer in the army for three years, he said, " No, it is not true ; I enlisted in a horse regiment, but it was the With and I was only in it for thirteen days, and, therefore, you must not ask me anything about cavalry drill ; " do you suppose that if he had known Roger Tichborne had been for three years an officer in the 6th Dragon Guards that he would not have told Mr. Gibbes that? And, therefore, if the only conclusion you can arrive at is that he knew nothing about it, what becomes of all the knowledge of petty details which he exhibits of the three years' military life of Roger Tichborne ? He did not know it when out in Australia. How could he know it here except by the aid of those persons by whom he was surrounded, or possibly for there is nothing impossible in the supposition-by having found and obtained Roger Tichborne's diaries and letters. When he overcomes any difficulty in the mind of the drawing muster as to his identity, by reminding him of a circumstance which I need not further refer to what becomes of that solitary instance of Stonyhurst recollection, when you remember that when he was in Australia he know nothing of Stonyhurst, and denied that he had ever been there However, so it stands. life does show knowledge of all these petty details, but upon all the great facts he is at a loss. He does not, when asked to make the Wagga Wagga will know the property which Roger Tichborne had a right to dispose of. He does not recollect his mother's Christian name, unless you are to adopt his explanation of that. And in addition to that he inserts the names of persons whom Roger Tichborne could not have known as he does ; also in making the declaration in Sydney with regard to the ship in which be left Europe. He mentions names which he could not have known unless it was as argued by the learned counsel for the defendant that from associating so long with Arthur Orton his memory had become so impressed with things which had occurred to Arthur Orton that he believes they had happened to himself. This want of knowledge in Australia seems to afford some solution as to how he came to remember things in England which he did not recollect before. We therefore must look to what sources of information he had to give, and to his mind on these things. What explanation is offered to you with reference to his want of harmony in the great and leading events of Roger Tichborne's life ? How can you reconcile the fact that he has knowledge of petty details which may be obtained from extraneous sources, but has no knowledge of the great and leading things appertaining to the life of Roger . But, says the learned advocate for the defendant, " memory is a strange thing. The mind of man is so strangely organised and constituted that you never can tell how any one's faculties may work. The strangest of them all and the most difficult to deal with is memory. A man's memory may be so constituted that it may have power to remember! small things whilst it cannot retain greater things." That is a form of memory which I most confess in my experience I am not acquainted with. I should have thought that the greatest events of a man's life would have made the deepest > impression on his mind, One would not have supposed a man would have forgotten great things and still retain a wonderful faculty for remembering petty things. But if that be said, how are we to account for the numerous instances in which the defendant tells as things which are absolutely impossible? His learned counsel tells us that is the results of habits of giving way to exaggeration and disregard to truth. What are we to say when we find him in conflict with some twenty witnesses, every one of whom must have been committing perjury, if the statements of the defendant are true. " Oh," said the learned counsel for the defendant, " when you find him stating that which every one must feel to be untrue, pay no attention to it." What must we say of his defective memory in respect to the recollec- tion of essential and important things ? Well, he may have a peculiarly constituted mind, as I have said. But then we have another explanation which it is necessary to consider. The great point made by the learned counsel for the defendant with reference to the defective knowledge which the defendant basins many instances exhibited, and which would appear to render his identity utterly income trouble with that of Roger Tichborne's this he had a diseased brain, disordered faculties. He led a life of intemperance and vice, said the learned counsel, which had entailed disease ; his brain was diseased, his memory disordered, his faculties impaired. Now, gentlemen, what evidence is there of that? Are we to assume it, because he exhibits a total inability to tell us of the leading incidents of Roger Tichborne's life things that we might reasonably expect from any man who came forward to assume the personal character of Roger Tichborne? What proof is there of impaired memory ? What proof is there of a diseased brain ? I know of none. There is no disease traced to Roger Tichborne which could have had that effect. So far from showing a defective memory, the defendant exhibits a memory of a most marvellous tenacity and power. He writes, after twelve or fourteen years, to a man in South America with reference to persons whom he had never seen but for one short fortnight or three weeks. In that letter he enu- merates 18 different people, speaking of them with reference to personal peculiarities, and mani- fest a most accurate recollection of them all, though every one of them has a foreign name, It turns out that these are not fictitious personages not the coming of' his own imagination, but actual living people in the flesh. Is that not one of the most prodigious efforts of memory that can well be conceived ? Then, there are other matters trifling, it is true about the number of horses and various things connected with his military life, which he recalls. All this shows a marvellous faculty of memory and therefore I put it to you can you say the defendant has a diseased mind and dis- ordered faculties? I have read to you his cross examination upon all the points essential to the consideration of this case. You have seen how he baffled, from time to time, the efforts of the most eminent lawyers to extract information from him. In the course of that cross-examination have you seen any indication of; disordered or impaired mind ? Is not the impression which naturally results from a perusal of that evidence that he is a man of extraordinary powers of mind and memory ? Is it not enough to start theories as to his want of memory if the facts do not bear out those theories? Unless he has satisfied you that there is reason to suppose that there is some 1 defect in his intellect, we come back to the question whether the exhibition of knowledge, or want of knowledge in the defendant, either in answering questions put to him by others or in statements made, by himself, is such as we should expect from Roger Tichborne. When we come to put these together, and find them incompatible with anything we should expect from a man in Roger Tichborne s position, but that they correspond in all respects with what we should expect from Arthur Orton, what impression should that make upon you ? When you think of the statements of the defendant to Mr. Gibbes ; when you review the conduct of the defendant since he came home, and, indeed, the bearing of the man from the beginning to the end ; if you follow the analysation I made of Roger Tichborne's life and character, you will judge whether they are in keeping with each other. You must take all these things into account and I will make this further observation, which has been suggested to me by one of my learned brothers. Whenever anything was submitted to him dependent upon his sight, his memory entirely failed. Coloured drawings and photographs of places familiar to Roger Tichborne he has shown no knowledge of whatever. , A photograph was shown to him of Knoyle, representing that residence with unmistakable truth. There was the window of the room occupied year by year by Roger | Tichborne during his vacations, and that cottage to which he used to go to smoke, and, of course, places most familiar to Roger, but the defendant knew nothing of them. Then we come to another test of the deepest importance. How does this man come out when he is asked about the family property, and the powers over it which Roger possessed ? At Wagga Wagga he knew nothing, and although he learnt something when he came to England, he still showed nothing but ignorance. Lastly, when he is asked about the sealed packet, he knows nothing about it; but when it comes to his knowledge that the packet is destroyed, he represents it as having contained instructions to his father's and his uncle's steward to deal with his uncle's daughter in the manner rendered necessary by the seduction of that young lady. You have heard all the evidence about it and all the observations that have been made upon it. Do you believe it, or do you not For if you do not believe it, it is the strongest and the most conclusive proof against the man who put forward that statement, which, if untrue, is perhaps the most abomin- able that ever was invented by the wickedness of man, or by the craft and subtlety of the devil. If you do not believe it, can you suppose that Roger Tichborne would have had recourse to such a statement to crush. and dainn.snddestroy the only woman that in life he loved-the woman for whom he had the passionate attachment which those papers read to you exhibit ? If you disbelieve it in your hearts and souls, if you believe it to be scandalously false, I know nothing in the history of this case that can tell more adversely or fatally to the prejudice of the defendant. Now, gentlemen I have gone through all the observations upon this case which I think necessary. I have tried to bring it before you, as I have said, as a great whole, satisfied that in that way only can it be satisfactorily dealt with. T have sought to lay before you all the facts connected with it, fairly, truthfully,, and impartially, but nevertheless, with a stern sense of duty which it was incumbent upon me to perform. I have been assailed from without by abuse from critics who enter upon the inquiry with a foregone conclusion, and with a belief, I suppose, that they know my business better than I do. I have been abused for placing the case before you, as it is said, from a partial and one sided point of view. Gentlemen, I cannot invent facts, and with the utmost ingenuity I cannot find explanation which have no reality in point of fact. In my opinion a Judge does not discharge his duty to content himself with being the mere recipient of evidence which he is afterwards to reproduce to the jury without pointing out the weight of the facts and the inferences to which they properly and legitimately tend, It is the business of the Judge to adjust the scales, so that they may hang evenly ; but it is his duty to see that the facts as they arise are placed in one scale or the other, as they belong to one or the other. It is his business to take care that the inferences arising from the facts are submitted to the jury with the happy consciousness that if he goes wrong, there is the judgment of twelve men, having experience in the concerns of life, to set right anything in respect of which he may be wrong. But if the facts are such that, placed in the scales to which they respectively belong, the one scale kicks the beam and the goes down, it follows, from the nature of the thing, that that is not the result of the conduct of the Judge. If, converging from every point, the footsteps centre on a common spot, and if the foot-tread corresponds in its measure it is the business of the Judge to take care that such a thing shall be brought to the attention of the jury. I have taken counsel with my learned brothers on every part of this case. We have questioned in our minds as to where a solution is to be found for many of the things that press with weight upon the defendant, and we have desired to give due weight to each fact brought under our attention which might establish the innocence of the defendant. We have endeavoured to bear in mind the maxim that the conviction of the innocent is the condemnation of the Judge We must take care, so far as we are able, that the innocent do not unduly suffer. Gentlemen, you have been asked to give the defendant the benefit of any doubt you may entertain. Most certainly it is your duty to do so. It is the duty of the prosecution to bring home the guilt of the accused to the satisfaction of the minds of the jury ; but the doubt to which the accused is entitled must be the doubt which is produced in the minds of rational, sensible, thinking men, and they must not be merely the doubts of a vscilitating mind, which has not the moral courage to decide upon a difficult and complicated state of facts. They must be the doubts which an honest, consistent man may entertain. Gentlemen, we have been addressed in language the like of which has never before been heard within these walls. That he should stick, and obstinately stick, to the doubt which he may entertain, instead of seeking to reconcile his opinion with the opinion of your general body, I never heard that yet addressed to a jury, and therefore I am obliged to express my judicial sense of such an argument. Not that I believe that there is the slightest necessity for warning you against a doctrine which might lead to the most mischievous consequences if it were generally entertained. But as that doctrine has been propounded, I must make an observation upon it. should be the last man to suggest to any individual member of the jury that The entertains a conscientious conviction-an unalterable conviction, although he may stand alone against his eleven follow jurors-that he should give up the profound and unalterable conviction of his own mind. The law requires the unanimous verdict of 12 men before either a verdict of "guilty" or not guilty " can be finally pronounced. And I say that if a man is satisfactorily convinced after having given the case every attention he can, that be cannot find the verdict which the rest of his fellow jurors are desirous of pronouncing-he does right to stand by his own conviction. But then he must recollect that he has a duty to perform in this, that he is bound to give the case every possible consideration before he finally determines upon the course that he himself will pursue. And if a man finds himself differing from the rest of his fellows in the exercise of his solemn functions as a juryman, he should start with the fair presumption that he, as one individual, is more likely to Dew rona than the eleven men with whom he differs. He should bear in mind that the great purpose of trial by jury is to obtain unanimity, and to put a further on d to litigation. He should address himself in all humility and with all diffidence in his own judgment, to the task which he has to perform, and carefully consider- ing all the reasons and arguments which are raised to his mind for the purpose of clearly demonstrating to him the grounds for the judgment which they are prepared to pronounce. He should let no self-conceit, no opinion of being superior to the rest in point of intelligence and judgment, no vain- glorious assumption of superiority on his part, stand in the way of the most careful consideration of the grounds upon which the rest of the body may entertain their views. But what I am impressing upon you is this-and not so much upon you, as upon the whole question of trial by jury that any one man, or any two men, who may be alone in opinion against their fellows, are bound to do their best to carefully satisfy their minds that good sense and sound judgment are not to be found in the majority of their body, but in the few. And I therefore must protest against any attempt to exalt or encourage a single juryman, or one or two, to stand out resolutely and obstinately against the judgment and opinion of a large majority of their fellows. If such suggestions as those made by the learned counsel were to be adopted, and carried out, and great trials rendered abortive by no verdict being pronounced, and the recommence- ment of long-protracted litigation should be thereby occasioned, it would make trial by jury not that blessing which it is, when legislation would interfere to reconstruct our existing course of proceeding which I for one do not desire. It is the business of the Judge to assist the jury, and in that way I have sought to assist you by placing the whole case before you and pointing out all the facts and I trust you will be able to pronounce an unanimous verdict, and so put an end to the case, that it may not create in the public mind intense expression of dissatisfaction, which would arise from seeing such a trial rendered abortive. Now, gentleman, so much for these points. I have also heard language used such as I never heard before, and I hope I shall never hear again. You have been invited to pronounce your verdict not only with reference to your own conscience and conviction, but with a view to what has been called an ovation at the hands of your countrymen. I am sure there is not one of you who will however much you may desire that public opinion should go along with you ; however much you may desire to find favour in the sight of the people of your country there is not one of you who would sacrifice his own conscience, duty, and, right for the sake of public applause, or the idle gratification resulting from what is called the ovation of the public. But, of course, in the discharge of public duty, no man should be insensible to public opinion, and no man should be insensible to the value of the goodwill and applause of his fellow-countrymen. But there are considerations far higher than that, and that is the satisfaction of our own internal sense of duty-the satisfaction of our own consciences, the language of our own feelings at the prompting of that small voice that never, if we listen honestly to its dictates, deceives or misleads us-that small still voice whose approval is far more precious than any other honour or pleasure we may desire, no matter from what source-that voice of approval make us "Walk by day serene," and makes " Our pillows smooth by night." Listen to that gentlemen. If I do right, I care not for anything that may be thought, said, or done without these walls-this sacred temple of justice. Such considerations as those ought to have, and can have, no place. You and I have only one consideration-it is the duty we have to discharge, and which we are bound to discharge before God and man, with only one thought and one desire ; it is to discharge that duty honestly, truly, and fearlessly, without regard to any consequences except the desire that that duty shall be properly done. Gentlemen, I say, without fear and I say it not unadvisedly we have been threatened. A system of intimidation has been attempted to be brought to bear upon us who are sitting here to administer justice. We have been told that, if our countrymen do not meet IIB with sufficient re- probation, the history of this cause shall be written in which those who do not take part with the defendant-or who think it necessary in the honest and fearless discharge of their duty to point out things that may make against him, and to restrain the license of unqualified abuse-are to be handed down to the execration of posterity covered with infamy. We have heard language applied to this tribunal which, I will undertake to say, in the whole of the annals of the administration of justice in this country, no advocate ever yet dreamt of addressing to a court. When I say we heard it, I must correct the phrase I did not hear it. It was spoken with bated breath, and I must suppose only with the purpose that I should not hear it for, if I had heard it, most unquestionably it should not have passed without that punishment which it is competent to the court to inflict, and which should be inflicted on those who outrage decency and heap upon us indignity and insult. The learned counsel spoke with bated breath, loud enough for the re- porters to catch the words, but not for us. I think one or two words caught my listening ear and I called upon the learned counsel to speak up. His answer was that indisposition, brought on by over- work, prevented him from speaking up in the loud tones which he otherwise can so well command. But two minutes afterwards, when he changed his subject, his voice was loud enough to be heard at the other end of Westminster Hall. That is a way in which a learned counsel' comes forward to insult this court cowardice and insult combined. I am glad the bar of England is so largely represented here to-day, and that I can say that only one of their number has addressed the Court of Queen's Bench in the way I have described. The Court is not to be bearded and insulted by this flagrant language addressed not to the Court, but to the reporters, that it might get into the newspapers, and be read by the people of England. I will read to the bar the language used by one of their body : We have now arrived at what I may call the nearly final stage of the most remarkable trial that ever has occupied the attention of the world. There is no actor in this trial from the humblest up to the most exalted, who may not well look with apprehension, and almost with dismay, of the position he may occupy befmulm countrymen and the world for all future eyes. I ulinuld he sorry to think that there is any person connected with this great controversy who does not look with a species of pride in maintaining an honest fame before the world and posterity. I should be sorry to think that there was one of us who was dead to the future that did out sometimes ask himself with the utmost solemnity-how sbidl I also appear in the historical remiuiHoeucos of this Bro. at trial For my own part, from the first moment when I became acquainted with it, I knew that it was one which must cover the names of all prominently engaged in it in future days, either with infamy or with honour ; and I, on a former occasion of the liberty of calling your attention to the blaze of glory which still surrounds the names, and will for ever surround the names of all those noble jurymen, who were connected in a former ago with the great Annesley trial and I am anxious that a similar illumination of splendour should surround, not your ninnes only, but the names of others also, in the eyes of those persons who will read this trial during all ages ; because never was there a trial in England since the last memorable trial of Charles the rust, which has excited more of the attention and observation of English and of the world than this. Many things have passed in the course of this investigation which, in my judgment, will forever him a ad sully the names of certain individuals-individuals in whose name and glory many of us were CODCCIlied-individuals whose name and glory were passed. It would be idle affectation to pretend not to know who is meant to be connected with the alternative of infamy and honour, and whose name is to be blurred for the future. is that the way in which counsel is to speak of the Judges of the tribunal before whom he is pleading 1 I am quite sure that there can be but one response from the body that I see before me. (Applause from the bar.) Pray, pray, do not that ! Gentlemen, the history of this case may be written by whom it may, I care not. I am conscious of having done my duty in it, and I can only say "There is no terror in these threats, For I am armed so strong in honesty, That they pass by me like the idle wind, Which I regard not." The history of this case may be written hereafter, aim for aught I know, by a pen steeped in gall and venom, that may not scruple to lampoon the living, or to revile and calumniate the dead. I have no fears, the facts will speak for themselves. I have administered justice here now for many years. I cannot hope that my memory like that of the great and illustrious men who have gone before me, will live in the after ages, but I do hope it will live in the remembrance any, I venture to say, the affection ate remembrance of the generation before whom, and with whom, I have administered justice here and if my name shall be traduced, if my conduct shall he revived, if my integrity shall be questioned, I leave the protection of my judicial memory to the bar of England (load applause, which was, however suppressed as speedily as possible) my relations with whom have never been in the slightest degree other than the most pleasant, and whose support has been the happiness of my judicial life. I have discharged my duty to the best of my ability. It only remains for you to do yours and I am sure that the verdict you pronounce will be received on all hands, except by fanatics and by fools as the judgment of twelve who have brought to the consideration of this great case the utmost and the most vigilant attention, the most marked, I may say, the most remarkable intelligence, and the most sincere desire to discharge their duty before God and man according to what they believe in their hearts and souls to be the truth and the justice of the case. (Applause, which was immediately silenced.) Mr. Justice Mellor: Gentlemen of the jury This being a trial at bar, it is competent to each member of the Court to express his own individual opinion and direction to the jury, and under some circumstances it might be his duty to do so. Happily these circumstances do not exist. You have already heard that during the course of this protracted trial we have had daily, nay, hourly opportunities of conference and discussion and inas- much as there appeared to be no real difference of opinion amongst us as the facts and evidence were developed from day to day, we resolved that my Lord Chief Justice, in summing up to you, should speak in the name of the Court, Gentlemen, I for- bear saying much as to the charge which has just been delivered ; but I will say that it is a charge equally distinguished by masterly arrangement of the facts, by its perfect aceuruuy, and by the analytic and synthetic power which has enabled the Lord Chief-Justice to thus place before us the correspondence of Roger Tichborne with Lady Doughty and Lady Tichborne, and to present to IIB a portrait of all that is remarkable in the moral, intellectual, and, I may say, physical character of Roger Tichborne, so that we may almost feel that we have a personal acquaintance with hint from the time that he left in the Bells. That is all I wish to say as to the main issues. But there are two incidents of the case on which I must speak my opinion. In the first place, I must refer to the opinion that I entertain of the relations which ought to exist between the bench and the bar, which we have soon HO rudely violated. I have known the bar of England long, and I have no doubt that its conduct in the future will be what it has been in the past. We have heard the language of the counsel for the defendant ; but truculence is not courage, and it is not conduct like that of the braggart which will secure the independence of the bar. There is another matter to which I must refer the restraints which have been imposed upon the press, and the exercise of the power of the Court to commit for contempt. That power conferred on the Court is entrusted in the interests of justice, and would not be continued unless it were wisely exercised. As regards the freedom of the press, I believe there is no greater friend to it than myself and it is with great reluctance that I ace restraints imposed upon it. But this is necessary in the interests of impartiality. If trial by jury is to consume, it is necessary that it should be properly guarded. in a trial like this with reference to which the greatest excitement has prevailed, it is necessary that some restraint should be placed upon the press. Other- wise we should have articles of great ability, no doubt, on the one side, answered by articles of great ability, on the other and thus the various interests of the trial would be constantly discussed, the value of the evidence would be weighed, the only limits observed being the individual responsibility of the writers and the reputation of the newspapers concerned. Thus from day to day we should have persons standing in the position of judging upon the case according to the bent of their minds. And, therefore, instead of being a trial by jury it would, in point of fact, become a trial by the press. Able comments would be made, and an influence would be thus exercised over the jury that it would be impossible for the judge to set right. The ability displayed by the press and the mode in which it is conducted in England have seldom made it necessary for any restraint to be exercised over it in this respect, in the common law courts I hardly think there is a case on record in which it has been found necessary for the courts to interfere, but occasions might arise, and probably would arise, unless a wise discretion on the part of the conductors of the press was observed, in which it might become necessary to restrain the press. Gentlemen, I believe that it is a necessary power. It is a power which is exercised in the face of day and in the face of public opinion and as I have already said, it is exercised under a responsibility so great that I feel sure that if it were exercised improperly or unjustly there would at once be an end to the power exercised by the judges. I merely wish to indicate that we have acted in this case under the most paramount sense of duty, and when we may have have had the necessity imposed upon us of fining or imprisoning any person, we have done it from an absolute sense of the necessity of seeing that this trial should be conducted under the ordinary privileges which have always been enjoyed by jurors. Gentlemen, I hope and feel sure that our power has been exercised wisely, and I am sure that I shall be as prepared to restrain any premature criticism in the future as I have been in the past. Gentlemen, I have done so far as my duty is concerned, with one single exception, because I cannot pass it by-it would be doing an injustice. I express my great obligations to the masters of the court, to the master of the Crown Office, to Mr. Davies, and to the other officers of the court who have given us their valuable assistance in this case. The multiplicity of the documents and the necessity for the careful arrangement of them have been so great, and yet not one moment has been lost, by any want of accuracy or care on their part. I thank them with all my heart, and I am sure that the observation is one which will meet with a ready response in the minds of the members of the bar. Mr. Justice Lush : Gentlemen, for the reasons which have already been named to you, I shall occupy you but for a very short time, and shall not delay you but a very few minutes from proceeding to consider your verdict, which I hope will bring to a satisfactory termination this long and protracted trial. Let me say that I join in the tribute which my learned brother Mellor has paid to the officers of the Court for the valuable assistance which they have afforded us during the trial. From the remarks of my Lord Chief-Justice and from those of my brother Mellor, you have heard that it is not the intention of each of us to address to you anything on the subject of the direction which my Lord Chief-Justice has given you. We have consulted from time to time upon the various points in the case, and my Lord Chief-Justice has delivered our views, which are in entire harmony with his own and I am proud to say that it will always be a matter of pride and satisfaction to me that throughout the whole of this trial we have never had a difference of opinion upon any single point. And if my Lord Chief-Justice will allow me to say so, I adopt his direction in full, and I consider myself responsible for ever word which he has uttered. I entirely agree with him in the views which he has expressed as to the evidence, and also with relation to that very painful subject namely, the very censurable conduct of the learned counsel for the defence. If the spirit which had animated that gentleman were to pervade the bar, that that liberty should be to attack as enemies all who happened to be on the other side-to denounce them as perjurers without any foundation, and with vituperation and slander-the so-called independence of the bar would become intolerable. I think that the feeling of the bar generally is that they do not desire any such licence. I have said that the views and opinions expressed by my Lord Chief Justice are the views of us all, and I entirely agree with what he has laid down. Some people seem to have a notion that the more cogent the facts the more ought a Judge to neutralise them. I cannot accept that. The duty of a judge is to assist the jury in discovering the truth whether it is made on the one side or the other. And if his facts are cogent the Judge, in his address, must be cogent too. I entered upon this trial without any predisposition whatever - I had not read the evidence given on the last trial. If I had any impression at all, it was rather in favour of the defendant and whatever view I have now, has been derived from the careful consideration of the evidence received upon a mind which was in no way biassed. I have no doubt that that was the state of your minds, and when you retire to consider your verdict you will take into consideration the evidence before you, and deliver that verdict which shall be the true expression of your opinion. If that evidence satisfies you of the defendant's guilt you will convict him and if not, you will acquit him. The jury retired at twelve minutes past twelve. Mr. M'Mahon : Will your Lordship allow me to mention as to the points I raised with regard to the bill of exception, that I have consulted with my learned friend, who has thought the position would be untenable. The Lord Chief Justice : Then it is unnecessary to say anything about it. The Jury returned into Court at 33 minutes past twelve o'clock. Master Cockburn, addressing the jury, said Gentleman, are you agreed upon your verdict The Foreman : We are. Master Cockburn : Do you find the defendant guilty, or not guilty, on the first count The Foreman : Guilty. Master Cockburn : Guilty, or not guilty, on the second count The Foreman : Guilty. Master Cockburn : You say he is guilty upon both counts and that is the verdict of you all The Foreman : That is the verdict of all. The Lord Chief Justice : Are you agreed upon all the issues ? Are you agreed that he is, or is not Roger Tichborne The Foreman : We are. The Lord Chief Justice : Are you agreed on the issue of the assignments for perjury with reference to the sealed pocket The Foreman ; We are Mr. Hawkins : On behalf of the Crown, I pray for immediate execution. The Foreman of the Jury : I will read the verdict. We find, first that "the defendant is not Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne ; secondly, wo find that the defendant has not seduced Lady Radcliffe and further, we find that there is not the slightest evidence that Roger Tichborne was ever guilty of any undue familiarity with Lady Radcliffe on any occasion whatever. (Applause.) Thirdly, we find that the defendant is Arthur Orton. The Lord Chief Justice: That disposes of all the issues. The Foreman then handed to the Lord Chief Justice a written paper prepared by the jury, and asked the opinion of the Court whether it was a proper one to be read. The Lord Chief Justice : Yes. I think it is quite right. This is the general opinion of you all The Foreman : Yes, my Lord, the general opinion of us all. The Lord Chief Justice (reading): "The jury desire to express their opinion that the charges of bribery, conspiracy, and undue influence made against the prosecution in this case are entirely devoid of foundation and they regret exceedingly the violent language and demeanour of the leading counsel of the defendant in his attacks upon the conduct of the prosecution, and upon several of the witnesses produced in the case." Mr. Fray ling here ordered the defendant to stand up to receive sentence and the defendant accordingly rose from his seat. THE SENTENCE. Mr. Justice Mellor then passed sentence in the following terms Thomas Castro, otherwise called Arthur Orton, otherwise called Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, Baronet, after a trial of unexampled duration, you have been convicted by a jury of the several perjuries charged in the counts of this indictment, and which were truly described by your own counsel as Crimes as black and foul as Justice over raised hot sword to strike." In the trial of your case, the jury have exhibited a care, patience, and intelligence never surpassed ; indeed, it was such as to J extort an expression of admiration from your own i counsel, and their verdict met with the unanimous approval of the Court. Indeed, it is difficult to conceive how any person who has considered the intrinsic improbabilities of your story, and has intelligently considered evidence given in the course of the trial, could have come to any other conclusion. The testimony of individuals, however numerous and respectable they may be, to your personal identity either with Arthur Orton or with Roger Tichborne after so great a lapse of time, is of little value except in instances where there are special reasons for observing, and special interest for remembering. Of course the evidence of Miss Loder, of the family of Roger Tichborne, and Mr. Gosford, is of great importance in this case, and I pause for a moment to say, speaking for myself at all events, that Mr. Gosford has placed public justiccgreatly in his debt. Thooiitircignorauco of the native language of Roger Tichborne which you displayed, accompanied by the partial acquisi- tion of another language, the tutor marks which were proved to have existed upon the person of Roger Tichborne, and the letters written by you, whether in the character of Roger Tichborne or of Arthur Orton, the admissions expressly made or implied in your conduct, and all that is known of the history of the life and character of Roger Tich- borne and yourself, present an accumulation of proof such as can rarely he given in a Court of Justice, and which conclusively demonstrates the propriety of the verdict of the jury. No man can look with unprejudiced mind and clear observation upon the letters of Roger Tichborne without coming to the conclusion that they were never written by you ; whilst between the undoubted letters of Arthur Orton and yourself there is an identity most complete and conclusive. Of what avail is evidence that you are not Arthur Orton as against the circumstance of your visit to Wapping, assump- tion of a false name, and your correspondence and dealings with the family of Arthur Orton. Then there is the fact that your counsel did not put into the box the sisters of Arthur Orton, who had made affidavits in your favour, and who were possessed of knowledge which would have enlightened the Court on the important question of showing whether it was possible you could be Roger Tichborne. How you were led from one degree of knowledge to another, and how you were then influenced in concocting and enlarging the fraud may be left a question. But, in the carrying out of your scheme, you hesitated at no amount or perjury at the trial. You endeavoured to impose yourself upon the public as Roger Tichborne, and you endeavoured to defraud the youthful hero of his just rights. But great as was this wickedness, it seems comparatively small when compared with the injurious accusation by which you sought to blast the character of a lady of unsullied character, and the false, and foul and vile allegations, by which it was sought to establish the charge. Happily there have not been wanting the means of refuting that cowardly calumny, and these have been supplied to a wonderful degree. That does not diminish the baseness of your conduct. The punishment about to be inflicted is wholly inadequate to the gravity of the offence, the enormity of which was never contemplated when the Act of Parliament decreed such a degree of punishment. The sentence of the court, which I now pronounce, is that for the perjury charged in the first count of the indictment you be kept in penal servitude for the term of seven years and that for the perjury charged in the second count of the indictment, you be kept in penal servitude for a further term of seven years, to commence on the expiration of the punishment for conviction on the first count. The Defendant : May I be allowed to say a few words The Lord Chief Justice : No. The defendant, who stood erect, and with a firm front during the whole of the learned judge's address, then turned and shook hands with Dr. Kenealy, who bade him " Good-bye," and was removed in the custody of Mr. Frayling, jun., the tipstaff. The prisoner was removed to a room within the precints of the Court, and eventually taken to Newgate. The Lord Chief-Justice having given some explanations in reference to the charge, Mr. Dickens, the foreman of the jury, said My Lords, I beg to thank you on behalf of my colleagues for your complimentary remarks, and for the extreme kindness which you have shown to me throughout this case. I also desire to express our thanks to the officers of the Court, and to Mr. Inspector Denning and the police, for the extreme courtesy and civility which they have shown thus, and for the great care which on many occasions they have taken of us. Their Lordships then retired, and the proceedings terminated. The Tichborne "Claimant" did not attend divine service in Newgate yesterday, as being a Roman Catholic by religion, he is not compelled to take part in a Protestant service. 