mmssE^.. ™m.mm J^^atateinment *t the School of Arto,^ «HWp ''i' &* P»*ronttP, «nd;*tt .te^e^Jfliemevalier BlonSn. »f k^M SydSP^ripn'^^y.l^'the -steamer Weniworth, tor-lip»me-ouiii4MiittotheEiverinadifltrioU He | esdfetieCtorelfnSAo Sydney in a fortnight ilEeJte^^^Bftneated.Jy M* jaaker iof Jhp, clock at thoHfeUr Poat-offioe to state that although the elpok has been set -goio£, 'he osnnot goarastee that it . will keep correct tunej unifl the electrical niiohinery is finished, and connected with the two othar, timfi pfeoes which are to be erectou under the archee. : IMder date l6Ui Angust.'thB mining Jnanager of Kroumann's Gold- rainjnz Company (liinited) jeporls as follows : 'In the north shift we have sunk 2 J feet this week, makiag the depth from Burfaco 386i feet. Tho rock continues thfe same, and there is nothing fresh to repprt ' ., ',.'.' . ;. , .-'.' '?' By tiie E. and A. Co.'a IULS.S. j'eddali, theM cams MJt. Bouquet de la Gty e, Hatt, Courgeolle, and jphol, whohav* been despatched by ^the French Go verpment to watch 'the transit of Venus from Campbell 'bland. They -wiii leave Sydney 'by the French man-of-war Cher, The Victorian Minfeter of Lands has informed the Assembly that it is his intention to give effe-it to some of the recommendationE made in the last annual report of the Secretary of Agriculture. It is proposed, amongst other things, to select land near the Bulla rook Forest and on the Murray Hoins as sites for agri cultural colleges, and the House 'is to be asked on an early day to find the neceesurj' funds for their. erection and establisbmout. . The varied entertainment at the School of Arts ' continues to attract fair Audiences. The tricks of AbdaShoh, the Turkish rojsteriarch, who has, by tlie | way, mastered the peculiar idioms of the English Un- j ?guage, are very puzzling, and his puaphemalia iaex- 4 tensive, and good. Miss. 'Wiseman's sin^iug is de i servedly wellappreciated, and tlia monkeys go through , their cutting satire on Jmnran trapezians with astound- ' ing gravity and correctness. Messrs. Bromley and Margetta appear in a succession of duets and ckarabter songs with great effect, and itr. Sewe31 proves hraeelf a clever pianist. j On Monday evening (eaya the JMbourne Tde ?graph), a .watchmaker named Alexander Stein, about fifty years of age, was arrested by,;SergeantiJarfcinson at Prahran on a charge of abducting a girl of about fourteen years, named Ann Jane Mauley, from her parents' residence. The accused, who r- sided next door to the girl's parents, in Chanel-street, had been in the habit of meeting her outside his house, and had j frequently made her small presents. Last Friday even ' ing he met the girl, and took her into his house. On ? the following morning, it is alleged, he cut a trap-door in the side of his residence as a means of escape li they were disturbed. The mother's suspicions were aroused, and she gave information to the police, who arrested \ the prisoner. The following is the return of ore, received from the Tin Mines of New England, by the Clarence aud New England Steam Navigation Company, at their wharf, South Graf ton, for shipment ? by tuoir. steamers to the metropolis, during the week ending August 15th : Moore and Co., Al Tin Mine, 185 bags, S tons 0 awt 0 qr 24j lbs ; Moore fiHc! Co., Vegetable Creek, 129 bags, 7 tons 3 cwt 1 qr 24 lbs ; T over JW over S in circle, 69 bags, 3 tons 4 cwt 3 qrs 21 lbs; Lord Nelson Tin Mine, 40 bags, 2 tons 0 cwt 1 qi- 20 lbs ; F0 over — , 37 bags, 1 ton 2 cwt 2 qra 2 lbs ; FU, 27 bags, 16 cwt 3 qrs 11 Iob ; C and G over W, 2-1 bags, 1 ton 10 cwt Oqr 20 lbs ; Moore and Co., Minnie, Vegetable Creek, 21 bags, 1 ton 3 cwt 3 qi-s 6 lbs. Total, 522 bags, 25 tons 2 cvrf 1 qr 16 lbs. Some very good rowing (says the Argus) has been done during the past week by the crew selected to compete next month at Sydney, and, ss was gene rally anticipated, the form of the men has grontly im proved since tho beginning of their practice. There is ef course ibueh to be dune yet befo e they can expect to be at their best, but careful attention to tbeir 'coach's' instructions should soon bring them into first-rate trim. It would be advisable on the part of Mr. Nichols to impress on the crewto tow a bit longer aud with more energy before their rowlocks. The rats of stroke is still about 34 to 36 per minute, which is ; considered quite fast enough for the -present stage of ! training. A Sydney critic gives the opinion- thftt the New South Wales crew is going 'stale' from over work, but our oarsmen should. not be led away by a report of that sort, as the Sydney rowers know jroetty well what they are about in the matter of training1. ( A chocking suicide is reported by the Lands borough correspondent ef the Pleasant Creek Nevis : ' A dreadful and most determined suicide took place on Glcnlofty Creek, nerir Landsborpugb, on Monday hist, when an old man (a seleotor) named William Bain shot himself through the bead. It appears that the unfortunate man had been sorely disappointed with the results achieved by free selection, and had lately been very .much given to grumbling at his hard lot, ' and the apparent wisely of his future. His health, ; too, had given way, and it is supposed that the above causes had effected his mind ; ana in a fit of madness he seized his gun, tied a piece of twine to the trigger, placed the muzzle to his head, pulled the string, and | in an instant finished all his troubles on tliis side of the grave. There was no witness of the rash deed. His (jrother, a partner 'in the farm, was away from home ; and, on his return, found his dead brother lying on one ' bunk,' the discharged gun on another. The bullet entered on one side'of the head, and passed rijfht through.' ggHbwthe charities are' sometimes imposed upon, and what an easy matter it is to be relieved of 'flttlo responsibilities,' was shown, states the JBoltarut Couria; by a, case heard in the CityCourt oh Friday. , A woman named M'Guire, it appeared, bad, in the year J8G9, been picked up in the streets by the police, and ' conveyed to the Ballarat Lying-in Hospital, where sh« shortly afterwards gave birth to on illegitimate child, which was afterwards transferred to the industrial Bchopl, and died. In the year 1872 sbeagaiu became an inmate of the same institution, under exactly similar conditions, and the second child met iho same fate. She was confined a third time in the Lying-in Hospital, and appeared before the court on Friday, w-th a request that another 'little stranger ' nine weeks old, might be cored for by the State, which was granted for a period of seven years. On this occasion, however, a wan-ant was ordered to issue against the putative father. The entertainment at the Theatre Royal', Tork Etreer, laat night, though not up to the usual standard of excellence, was very fairly patronised for on ' off ' night Messrs. Carlo, the motto-singer and stage manager. Burgess, Lookyer, and Aleck O'Brien, ap peared in succession, and were well received, par ticularly Aleck, who, though his voice is not what it used to he, has lost none or his ability as au ecoentris or nigger dancer, and who received test niglit the same liberal and spontaneous applause which is usually bestowed upon him: The 'star' of die evening, however, is Harry itickards, who is as fresh and blooming as ever, and who works just as hard and conscientiously to please Jus audience as when he first came to the town. After si»2in£ four of his beet songs, . there were loud calls for 'Brown the Tragedian,', in whica Mi-. Kick ards displays the full bent of bis great talents. He explained that as lie had not brought the dress down to the theatre, he would he unable to oblige tie audienoe. 'Artful Jos' was then called lor, and. although Mr. Bickards had 'exceeded the number sf songs apportioned to him, and worked very hard, lie. gallantly responded**) the call in such an able and i hearty manner as to narrowly escape another encore. To-night Natator, or the great nan fish— the latest thing, in 'novel novelties -makes his first: airpeaT snoe ; and we unierttaud that Mr. jBickaxds is engaged for another four weeks.' . ' ' ' V- -? ; ATeport was current yesterday that the eksle tnn of a mat had been .found at Wentworth House, on Chmxh-hUl; MdonapplyrngtothepoUceilaatiuKht, we learned from constable Green, tit So. i station, &e; following particulnn : ~ Wentworth House hag been tenantlessfor the last few weeks, and the back andfront doors were loft open by thej»rtje« when remoTing. ,;A 'week after the last occupants haojone, the place toi-k fire, throsgB; some sparks filing from V burumg chimnbyliext door. The fire' was, however, extm guished by the police, the destruction of a mahogany mintelpieeebeuiB-theonlydamagejraeUined. ]iatteny a. cat has taken up its abode within the -buildiiig^ «iid appeared to come boys at one of the winaowi, JPoor Tabby wm s-t onoe tranrfonnediy them Into a ghost, aad immediately every stone at hand went flying at the Window. The report of a gtost being within die boose was taken up by the assooiajes of tbeyonngBters, and thestory spread until it assumed the form of a skeleton having beeiraeen at the windows of the bouse. Considerable idamage has *een done to th» windows fry thebOya,mortor the glass in the lower part of tlie building having been wnathed— to the entertalomcDt of the youngsters and the' annoyance of a constable, who has feeen trying for QiB last two or three days to catch the ieljnquents, -ut without suocess f for, as be* ?ays, ''Its no -use; ithe younR wretches see me coming, and they're off like a shot' He is going to try. it In plain clothes to-day. 