LATE STREWS» SYDNEY COERESPONDENCE. (Avis our Special OtrnttwiaUJ Saturday night. The general committee formed from the member* of theSj-dney Rowing Club, to make arrsngemerrta for the forthcoming intercolonial gig mee on the ' 26th September met yesterday, and decided to invite the patronage and presence of Hi« Excellent th« O o vernor and tile Hon. Lady Robinson. A com- mittee of three was appointed to receive th» Mel- . bourne, crew on their arrival in Sydney, Otber ? m.'Uters in connection with the race were than.* attended to. Mr. J. 0. Gilchrist -was tppofated uinpire for the Sydney crew. The Melbourne crew . are expected to arrive in Sydney on Friday. The fifth annunl general meeting ot tbe member» of the Mutual Life Association of Austratest« -«rai held yesterday nftemoon. The report stated: Tk» business of the Association continues to ratvke steady progress. The proposals submitted during the yeer ending the 80th Juno, were- öOSforsums amounting ' to £201,410. Of these 184 were declined or not com- pleted for £69,750; leaving 415 accepted and com- pleted, for .£131,655 ; to which adding 24 accepted prior to 30th June, 1873, for £6850, gives a total oí 439 policies issued for £138,615. The entire policies' , now in force ara 1109 assurance policies «mount* ing to £409,644 15s. lOd. ; 127 endowment £17,126 13s. 6d.; 1 annuity (deferred) £50-total 1327 policies, assuring ¿426,821 9». 4d. The annual premium income is £14,173 6s. 2d. Agencies hare been established during the year at Crookwell, Dungog, Gunning, Jerilderie, Kempsey, Morpeth, and Tumut, with satisfactory results, and the present prospects of business, both in Kew South Wales and the other colonies, are very encouraging» A telegram published in the Evening News yealeï day reports that two head boards with the namea " Burton Stath^r" and " 8ilver Stream" painted on them, were picked up on the coast of King's Island. The Burton Slather is a barque which left Melbourne for Sydney, with a portion of her Hongkong cargo, seven days ago. The winds since that time have . been favourable, and some fears are now entertained for the vessel's safety. The « Silver Stream" is alf» the name of a barque. Mr. Davidson Nichol received information yester- day by telegraph that hie son, Mr. James Nichol, was dead. Th» deceased gentleman left Sydney in the Tartar on ber last voyage from this port, and ha was one who exerted himself the most to save the ship wben she was on the coral reef between Kandavau and Honolulu. It is believed that this exertion and overwork wag the chief cauBe of his death, for when he left Sydney he was in good health, and looked forward with pleasure to meeting friends in Edin- burgh whither he was going. The Registrar-General's report on the vital statts tics of Sydney for the month of July has been pub- lished in the Government Gazette. It gives the- for* lowing information :-Daring the month 230 birth» were recorded within the city, 138 males and 112 females; being 10 below the quinquennial average, and 79 in excess of the month's deaths, which num- bered 171-lOli males and 65 females. This was 36 deaths above the five j-efirs* average. Local diseases gave 45.03 per cent, affection of the respiratory system (bronchitis, Sec.) being most prominent amongst the causes-thirty-three persona having succumbed to diseases peculiar to the longs. Of miasmatic diseases, eleven were from diarrhosa, Bud Uve from scarlatina. Seventeen deaths were escribed to phthisis ; nine deaths occurred through violence -fracture*!, wounds, burnt-, and manslaughter, re- spectively ; two from each cause, and one suicide *y hanging. In the metropolitan division tbe births exceeded tbe deaths by 226. The infantile mortality was at the rate of 33.01 per cent, to aggregate death«. A ghost story is told to-daj-, and it does not M dound to tbe credit of na officer, who is described e* belonging "to a ship in Farm Cove." Th« othe* night a waterman was engaged by the officer tncK cated to take bim from the Government jetty to his ship. The boat was moving along quietly, when suddenly it ceased to make headway, and two wriite* ears or horns appeared at the bead of the boat. Th« waterman no sooner sa*** this appearance than over- board he went with an exclamation, and swam with might and main for the Bbore. His passenger, astonished for the moment at the sudden disappear- ance of his boatman, was struck with a tlread of something be could not account for, and over the boat's side be went in the wake of the boatman. They both reached land, and s Bhort time afterward« the abandoned boat was picked up, with the head fixed in a mattrass, which it had run against, Bind the ends of which appeared above the bows of the boat. The sequel ot the story is that a boat was em- ployed to take a number of newmattrasses to one of the vesselB in the stream, and one of tbe mattraasea falling overboard, it was not noticed, and it remained floating about. The fire on hoard the Jeddah steamer was extin- guished by scuttling the fore compartment of th» vessol. To-day the Government steamer Thetis waa despatched with pumpa to the Jeddah to assist ia raising her. At high tide she ii said to hale twftf eet of water in her saloon. 