We have, on several occasions, called the attontipn of the authorities -to tho waste of public money in the snagging operations which are now being carried on in the Mnr rumbidgee. .Tho work has been going oiifor twelve molitlis, arid for all the' practical good resulting from the labours of those employed we may almost write nil. There are, at present, about 200 men at work, and they cannot say that they have done anything to make the navigation of the river more safe, or open, for a longer period than before they began their labours. We are not/to be understood as attaching, any blame to either Mr. Moriarty or his men for all this, as they have done all that was possible with the power- at their command, and which the depth of the stream would permit them to do. But how could they reach, the snags in mid stream, which are the obstructions to the navigation, when they were covered by- so many feet of water ? It is the opinion of practical men that all their work lias beeu mere- cliild-play, and thoy have reaped no benefit fj-on^ it. The following, lias heen handed tq ns for publica tion,. and will speak for itself mora forcibly than anything we could say on tho subject TO THE EDITOR OF ,IHE RIVERINE GRAZIER. Sir,— We, the undersigned, are of opinion that the snagging of tlio Murrumbidgee River, as heretofore carried on, has beon of little or 110 benefit to the navigation ; and that no permanent gooc} can effected except it be found possible to remove the snags in mid-channel 5 or else by. making locks to retaip a sufficient depth of water to ensure navigation at all seasons. Robert Davey, master, str. Murrumbidgee. E. C, Fooler, master, str. Elizabeth. E. Q. Jlandell, ownerstrs. Pearl and Corowa. George Dorwafj, master, str. Waradgerie. Jlercor Mack, master, str, Alfred,. Now, will the Government go 011 to expend, largo sums of money in suph a useless and. profitless way ? ' Would it not be better to preserve the balance in hand, as the nucleus of a' larger amount tq be devoted t6 the making of dams on the river, so that there would be a sufficjen t quantity, of water, at all times to float tho largest vessel ? over all ordinary shags in mid-channel ? It will bo seen from another part of our paper that tlip stoainpr Alfred, which isr commanded hy tho most careful and fortunate of skippers. Captain Mack, had tyro holes; knocked in her bottom when coming down 'strppm on Sunday last, and this, too, by a stlag lying in the part of the riyer which had been operated on by the mon now at work to remove all those dangerous obstructions. The. Alfred is a strong iron boat, and the force with? which she had to contend in that sunken log was so great, that she suffered considerable damage. It would be impossible for tho present, or, indeed, any other party, to romovo svjoh im pediments except they had some other moans at their command, and, therefore, wo main tain that tq continue the work is only throw ing money into tho riyor, There is, however, a largo' surplus' revenue in the hands of tho Troasuror, and if it is burning a hole '.in his pockot, he may as wpllj iyo supposo, thrp'^r it into the Murrumbidgee as'rftny whore else. If he is anxious to effect spnie real sorvjpp to the highways for comm'el'co in our district, we can point him tq. a road' near Booligal, which ip(,indced, tlio Qlieen's' road to the Darling, and which 'Would be 'muoh hnpioved; hy' a. foiirth'of tha sum which was plrtpoVj; p'n ;tlie Estimates for the piece of folly on the river banks. We again call the «Ucntio« of the Minister of Public Works to this snagging, business, and especially to tho opinions of the-' practical- men who hiiv-o signod-'tho ?foregoin'g'' document,- -' ..j.xjj-i..:--:. O'Farrei^'s attempt on tho life of the Duke of Edinburgh when he visited Sydney will' be. fresh in the memory of every one, and also the fortunate escape qf tho royal visitor from the assassin's hands, Tho whalo nation was. aroused by this attompt to stain t]io soil with royal blood, and the death of O'Farrcll at :the bauds of the common . hangman ? for : the crime, of which a jury of his countrymen' found him. guilty, was no doubt a proper, eiidr. ing to this.di'ama,. Ne\cpr..did the loyalty tho nation make itself jenown ;. in more - -nn-{ phatic tenns.- than.- after - this . diabolieal .at tempt to take away .the life .of a-. son . of our gracious arid beloved sovereign. . In-, every town and hamlet almost, public meetings were held, resolutions expressive qf. sympathy'. with- the royal family, and strongly condemnatory of the conduct . of the would-be murderer, \yere inoyot^ seconded, and. passed by persons of all religious perauasions and sftpial ?' standTii ing. Even the Parliament of . J[evf South'. \Vales wcnt so. far in their loyalty, as. to .pass tlje Treason Felony Act, making it a felony to specie a word.wluch cquld he-construed; as- condemnatory of tho throne, ; -Then ? it. .was. tbat what-has heen. called the; Kiami- . -ghost' 1 frightened the present Chief Secretary, -intoi the belief that; there was a v' conspiracy , amongst one portion of her, .Majesty's, fub-j jects to. subvert the royal authority in-Vthe colony,- and either proclaim a - republic - .or. hand over all Australia to the Pope..- JExT citement no doubt often leads people to ,ex- aggerate danger and fears,. . an£ riot unfre quently under such feelings they ^are led to.. adopt measures, which in calmer and more reflective moments, they are^sorry for. It . was most likely nndpr the gushing and ex citing loyalty that the . eyent. -referred ' to brought . to the : surface, the citizens of-. Sydney resolved to, commemorate the - escape;, of the royal Dulce by the erection of an- hos-,. pital for the unfortunate cbildron«f suffering ; to be called the Alfred Hospital. ? Tho lc;ad-: ing citizens .united in the .movement, and subscription lists were sent put, so that all: persons might have' a share in the honor of , erecting this memorial building. - So strong ?was 'the feeling evoked on this subject that it was. resolved to erect and maintain this hos pital without, applying to and entirely inde pendent of-the Parliament. Without doubt, th^s, could have been done easily had the monied meq been as much in earnest as their, eloquence and indignation at the time would have the world to believe, them to be, But after all, what have they, done ? Literally next to nothing. They have m,ada rap;d and large fortunes in the country, and enjoy, them, under the. safe protection of the thrpiie ftncl constitution wllich they* felt were so endan gered and insulted hy this murderous attack on a member of the royal family, and they have not the heart to part with a few pounds to prove their thankfulness and loyalty, but come up to the Chief Secretary to ask the nation through hiin to lend them a hand to build and support this royal hospital. A sum of £25,000 has been subscribed after six years' gathering, and this, sum has been subscribed chiefly by the labouring, and hum ble classes, who, as a rule, are also the mo3t liberal in their donations to charitable ob jects. It makes one ashamed of his con nexion with British men of wealth when ho reads all this. Oh, when will our fellow .men , learn the proper use for which Providence, has put money and lands and extensive flocks and herds into their hands ! What, now is all the wealth of millionaires to some of those who have lately paid the debt of nature ? or what are the hundreds of thou sands and millions' of some, amongst us still, - when they cannot spare a few pounds out of their immense stores to erect an hospital- for thoir suffering fellow creatures ? This parsi monious conduct of the wealthy classes is a disgrace to them, and proves that all their loyalty moans no more than special regard for themselves and their purses.: It was a -just and .well-merited rebuke which the' Chief Secretary administered to tho deputation, which waited on him lately to ask his assist ance in building the Alfred Hospital, and we trust it will have a salutary effect. These monied men make a tour to the old country nearly once in five years, and- return to' as tonish the natives with all they saw and en joyed in happy and merry England .where royalty dwells ; but ask thein for a few' hundred pounds to prove their loyalty and they shrug their shoulders and say, Olv., that's another, thing altogether. If this, Alfrqd Hospital affair should go to the wall,, or liavo- to; be supported at the expense of the nation, wo would suggest an income tax on a sliding scale, that would be felt by those who have tlia meai^s -but not the heart to pay. for its maintenance. It might be worth the while of the. Chief Secretary to, have a.; Bill passed for having a per centage. paid to the Government on the sale of Crown lands or stations, which could be applied to the loyal object. There is a heavy probate duty- ex acted on property after a man's .death, and why not on the passing of his property during life, especially when lie r.efusps to show, his respect to .-the throne and tlijj. laws under, which lie has held liis- property by supporting . the national institutions for the ui}f()rtun{ite. 