Facts and Fancies. LORD RUSSELL endeavoured to persuade Lord Langdale to resign the permanent Mastership of the Rolls for the uncertain position of Lord Chancellor, and paid the learned lord some very jgu compumenu. n is useless uunng.my ird," said Langdale; as loug as I enjoy tb* lolls, I care nothing for your butter." The Chicaoo Cow. —A Chicago poet, upon earing that Nilsson was about to erect cow beds upon her Peoria lota, has burst forth into he following verse : Christine, Christine, thy lilking do the morn and eve between, and not y the dim religious light of the fitful kerosene, 'or the cow may plunge and the lamp explode, nd the fire-fiend ride the gale, and shriek the nell of the burning town i n the glow of th* lolten pail!" An American Eterary gentleman says : " A roman will cling to the chosen object of hsr leart, and you can't separate her without snapp* ng strings no art con mend, and leaving a por> ion of her soul on the upperleuther of your flections. She will sometimes see something to ove where others see nothing to admire ; and rhen fondness is once fastened on a fellow t sticks like glue and treacle in a bushy head of i«ir J" A Student of Milton.—lt is told of a ertain Glasgow bailie that, when visiting Paris, a one of a deputation to Louis Philippe, the he King said to him, when showing the party hrough his library, where he had many of £h* English classics, " You will know Milton very veil ?" " Oh, bless you, yes," said the bailie, sheerfully, delighted that something had been nentioned that he did know. "Yes, your Majesty, I know Milton [he meant a suburb of )f Glasgow] very well; we're just building daughter-houses there I" BEEnsHora v. Museums.— The following letter las been sent to the Echo :—May I offer you the following lines on a member of Parliament, who rated on May 8 against closing public houses on Sunday in Ireland, and who voted on May 19 in Savor of closing museums on Sunday in Eng« iand :— The creed of B may be described As " Toddy and .Te Demiu ;" Keep Church and Publio open wide, But aunt up all Museums. The vote is good, and pleases well Both Brewer and Divine, It nays—" The Hablwtb Sacred is,— Sacred to Beer and Wine t" Yours truly, II.P. House of Commons, S.W., May 20, 1874. Anecdotes of Landseer.—ln one of Land leer's early visits to Scotland, he stopped at a pillage, and took a great deal of notice of tht dogs, jotting down rapid sketches of them on a bit of paper. Next day, on ramming his journey he was horrified to fiud dogs suspended from to* trees in all directions, or drowning in the riven with stones around their necks. He stopped a weeping urchin who was hurring off with a pet pup in his arms, and learned to his dismay that he was supposed to be an excise officer, who was taking notes of all the dogs he saw in order to prosecute the owners for unpaid taxM. Another time he went to Portugal, and the King sent for him to express his admieation. " Ah, Sir Edwin," said His Majesty, " I am glad to im you. lam so fond of beasts !" A Ready Reckoner.—lt is related that when, at the Franco-German peace preliminaries, the sum of milliards—which sat so lightly on Franoe —was mentioned by Bismarck, Jules Favre appeared utterly speechless with horror. When he had recovered from the paroxysm, all h* could say was " that, even if one were to count from the time of Christ till now, one could "not manage to count such an enormous Bum." Upon which Bismarck replied, with «a smile, " Don't let that distress you ; I have thought of that, and therefore brought this gentleman"— pointing to Bleichroeder, the Jewish banker—" with m*. He counts from the creation of the world." In reckoning time the Jews pay no regard to the Christian era.— American paper. Josh Billings on Ghosts.—A ghost iz about 5 foot 7 inches in bight, and weighs from four to 6 ounces. They are ov the maakuline and feminine natur, but principaly nutur. They ain't afraid ov nothing, and will hang around a graveyard as koreless as a schoolboy will around an orchard in green apple time. They are like a great many other thing* in this world— often heard ov, but seldom seen. I will give 1500 dollars to see a ghost, and 250 dollars more to own one ; but i want one kaught whole and not hurt Mi friend Phineas T. Barnum will take a whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Therefore, bring your ghosts. G hoists all wus dress in a white nitegown sort of a rig, nnd are the quickest things that hay ever been trotted out yet Their ordinary gait iz a mile in a seound, but it iz sed for a purse they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in publik for munny —private time is allwus suspishua, Whi don't some of our agricultural hoes-trot assosiaHhuns offer a ghost puss, free for all ghosts. It would draw like a mustard plaster m the month of August. So it would. Honest Criticism.—lf there is any one thing we admire it is candid, courteous, outspoken dramatic criticsm. " The Western man" has a way of giving his views in this respect that is peculiar. A performance of Hamlet having recently taken place in Lafayette, Indiana, the journalist of that place expressed himself about it in the following terms :—" Hamlet must have been a remarkable man not to have goue mad in the midst of such characters as his aimless mother, the insipid and discordant Ophelia, and the noisily empty Laertes, as they were presented on this stage. We confess to a secret satisfaction at the poisoning of the queen, who, rouging her cheeks, got a double dose on the end of her nose ; and we exj>erienoed a malicious joy in the unskilful stabbing of Laertes, who deserved death if for no other reason than for his unaccented lamentations over a horse-fiddle sister, whose departure should have been to him a source of joy. The grave-digger did well, not only in his professional work, but in effectually burying the ill-dressed Ophelia. We never attended a funeral with more pleasure." An acquaintance of a certain Scotch bailie made a grevious complaint to him one day oi the hard times iind the impossibility of scraping together a livelihood in that wretched country. The bailie's own experience ran directly ceuntei to these croakings, for his industry had realised a handsome competence : but he knew too much of the world to attempt proving to the com plainer that his ill success might be partly hit own fault. He contented himself with remark ing that it was surely possible for a tradesman to draw together a tolerable business. " Not in this country," his friend repeated. "Weel, then," Baid the bailie, " what say ye to emigra tion if I have heard that some push their way weel in Australia." " Yes," replied his despond ing townsman, " that might be the case ance in a day ; but if there is business there, mair folki are there than can get a share o't." " Weel, it may be time ye say," rejoined the bailie ; " but ye might gang farther—ye might gang up into the interior." " There's naebody there," said the grumbler, " but kangaroos." The worthj magistrate, concluding that kangaroos were I tribe of native savages, among whom a careful pedlar might make indifferent good bargains, replied, " Weel, a-weel, and isn't a kangaroo'i siller as quid as anither man's '(" The New York Times quotes from the" Journal of the Telegraph" an accoir t of a niarriagt ceremony performed " over the wire," with th« minister at one end and the engaged couple ai the other. At five o'clock, the hour fixed forth* celebration, the officiating clergyman in tlu office at Keokuk (Iowa), of the Western I'moi Telegraph Company, received it telegram froii: the bridegroom and bride saying that they wen at the Telegraph office iv Bonaparte (muue State) and " ready to proceed." The following mes»ag< was then sent:—" Kookuk, lowa, April 10, 1874 — John Sullivan and Frances (Jodown, Dona parte, lowa : please join hands and take tht pledge.—William C. Pratt." The following is i copy of the pledge which had been left witl them :—You mutually and holemuly proiniiH before God and the witnesses present that yoi will each take the one you hold by the hand to Im your lawful and wedded companion ; that for saking all others, you will cleave to each othei in sickness, and in health, and perform all tht duties of a faithful companion until you an separated by death. If to this you agree, sent me a message to tin's effect. Then came thi response : Bonaparte, April 16, 1874. —Win, C Pratt, Keokuk—We take the pledge.—Johs Sullivan, Frances Goijown. The concludiuj despatch was as followa :—Keokuk, lowa, Apri 16,1874.—J0hn Sullivan and Frances Godown Bonaparte, lowa.—By authority I pronounc you husband and wife, and may God bless you —Wx. C. Pratt. 