7BE REVIVAL MOVEMENT. On Sunday last the Rev. R. Henderson, the jfjnisterof St. Andrew's Church, Kyneton, delivered, according to announcement, a discourse, in which ha deali with the criticisms recently passed upon the revival movemeut. The following is a report of the ^i,course from the text nfi at is the chaff to the wheat, saith the lord ?' JEE. 23,28. •jpjgt-it may be truly said—in looking at the rofaious awakening at home, is the chaff to the wheat' What is the wheat to the chaff, eays the Times the Jrgus, and the Rev. George Gilflllan, of Dundee in speaking of it ? Ana to tbe same effect Mv many writers and many speakers. They object to the means used to awaken the religions feelings of the people. They tBke exception to tbe claims made bv its friends to the great, good and tasting results. <T(iey decry the whole movement as unwise and fanatical, and in some cases emphatically condemn it as mischievous. At all events, this great religious awakening at home is admitted. There is the fact, that cannot lie denied ;aDd so powerfully and widely ji it forcing itself on men's attention that they are compelled to notice and estimate it. The religious pugazines are full of it, and generally in America and Australia there is a deep and wide spread feeling that the work so auspiciously begun will deepen 8nd extend itself not only at home but abroad ; and were it t > do so, were religion and our personal interest in Christ and Him crucified, our persona! salvation -and duty to our families and neighbors and fellow creatures everywhere to command the same amount ot interest hero and elsewhere, as tley are doing in Edinburgh and Glasgow, what need we wonder, or why should we be afraid? Surely, if anything is fitted to awaken our attention and ex ere our minds, it is the question—•« Am I or am I not at peace with God ?" Am I or am I not yoiug to the world of bliss or the world of woe J" » Am I or am I not an heir of God or an heir of math?™ And if we are not stirred by this question, if wc have not settled it, if we know not neither how it is with us now nor how it will be with ns hereafter it is high time that we did. And should all of cs be stirred np to an earnest consideration of this matter as they are at home, and to other questions arisiag out of it and connected with it, I for one let nothing unreasonable in it, nothing dangerous in it. Call it " a religiom awakening," call it" a religious excitement,"call it "religious fanaticism," nil it by what name yon like,I fail to see anvthing in it hut what the Gospel naturally produces, and through which it works out its high mission. Tbe rimesjustly remarks that .Religions Revivals, orawakenings, are neither peculiar to the present day nor the Christian religion. It adds, and there is truth in it, " chat their need and tbe immense efforts that have been put forth in all lands and under all religious systems to produce them, have arisen from the visible contrast between men's practice and men's faith." Men's faith has generally been better than their practice. And the nobler and holier the faith, the more violent the contrast between its principles and the lives of its votaries. This is eminently the ca6e in the Christian church and world. What faith eo pure, so generous, so honourable, so ri:hteous, «o merciful, so heavenly ? Wit-. ness the Ten Commandments, the Mosaic law, the term on on the Mount, the Gospels and Epistles 1 What contrast, consequently, so great, as the life of Christendom and its creed ? Its wars, its tyranny, its licentiousness. Its ambitions, its covetousness, its nnmercifolness, its crimes, its impieties, are in strong contrast with its principles. Even the spirit and life and conversation of professing christians, of church goers, how defective! Earnest men have seen this and labored to correct it, ar.d in proportion as they have done so, has attention been drawn to their proceedings ar.d the pen of criticism been called into action. The friars of the Middle Ages, the Methodists of last century, the seceders of Scotland, the ritualists and revivalists, all labored for the restoration of faith and of a good life in their different spheres and according to their different lights. Overpowered by their sense of the momentous interests involved, nnd the apathy that prevailed, they went down among the people, and moved by holy enthusiasm, preached and prayed and exhorted and besought them to awake and lire and not die. It is not denied that this movement is justified by the facts of the case, and that all who lead in it are worthy of the general sympathy, the fatal complacency with which evil is tolerated, being a great danger to the state and to society. In so far as earnest preachers and laymen seek the reformation of the morals of society, the secular mind sustains them, condemning at the 6»me time what they call " sensational preaching, personal appeals, and individual solicitations." Well, it is something to have the secularists of society even approving the zeal of the clergy and sympathising with their tnde&vours; to reform the vices of the people and improve tlieir morals. So far they are w ith us, and if they go not with us into the purely spiritual region, the region of conscience, conviction, spiritual doubts and fears, conversion, peace in believing, sanctification, fellowship, assurance, joy in the Holy Ghost, spiritual worship, and christian work, we need not wonder. "These things are spiritually discerned." If, moreover, they ar« not in harmony with us in tbe special methods employed, the special gatherings, the noon day prayer mertings, the urgent apprals, the alter meetings for special dealing with the anxious and inquiring, we need not wonder. Here, I think, men like Wesley and Whitfield, Burns and M'Chevne, Bonar and Cairns, Moody and Sankey, are better able to judge than they are. It is different with George Gilfillao, wlio is an able and popular minister of religion. As Euch his position is different and his epecial objections worthy of separate treatment. At the same time it is to be remembered that he has ever been idiosyncratic, or as some say " a religious Ishmaelite." It is objected that the excitement connected with attempted religious awakenings is unhealthy and therefore to be discouraged. But wny object to them on this ground ? How can men realise the great things of eternal life or death without being moved ? If a man is wrecked and is In danger of being engulphed by the sea, or if a man is in a house on fire and in Manger of being devoured by the flames, why should he be calm as a sleeping ohild ? How can he t Nothing but sheer stupor or unbelief can prevent concern. We are not justifying that style of preaching that appeals merely to the feelings, that delights in holding forth tbe terrors of the Lord mainly, or tbat deludes people nith a GoEpelthat makes salvation palatable Co the unrenewed spirit. Nor are we justifying that rhapsodical and incoherent style of speaking, in which some have indulged totheinjury of religion and the increase of the aversion of men of taste and sense to everything like heart religion. We are no advocates of these things. On the other hand, we cannot allow tbat mental excitement is objectionable. It follows from the apprehension of scriptural truth, as in the case of the Philippian jailor. Then men cry out " what must we do to be saved ?" and if they do so is it to be wondered at ? It follows also from their escape from their threatened danger. Then men cry out " thanks be to God for his unspeakable gift," and if they do so is it to be wondered at ? To be excited is no uncommon thing. Is there no excitement in the sports of youth, In the wars of nations, in political struggles, in the world o[ theatricals and gaiety, in the enterprises and business of life ? And if there is; is it decried, is it unsafe ? and why (should that which is allowed in other and inferior spheres of life be condemned in the highest? But the excitement will soon subside and then trill be reaction. And does it not subside in other things, and is there no reaction then, and despite of reaction precious fruits ? The objection is worthless. Let Ministers then, and all Evangelists lake comfort and still speak earnestly, teaching and exhorting with all Iong-suf- . feting and patience, and if the old or the yonng are stirred to concern, let them not wonder nor slack theii hand for fear of the reproaches of tbe wise < f this world or of a timid Christian policy. "For "what isthe chaff to the wheat, saith the Lord ?" It is objected that these special movements reflect on the willingnessof God to blees men at all times. . It is not a question of God's willingness to bless at all, but of man's intermittent desire for the blessing. It were perhaps pleasanter that religious feeling, sentiment, worship, walk, and conversation progressed steadily, and that generation after generation walked in wisdom's ways, fearing God and keeping his commandments. It were perhaps better that the life of faith went on so steadily and happily, that the .people of God were ever quick and lively in their spiritual experiences and processes. But when did it ever do eo ? What is the lesson that all religious history teaches, alike in tbe Bible ' and out of it 2 Is it not this, that their better movements speedily gave my to a carnal and worldly spirit, that they forgot the God that blesBed them and turned aBide unto vanity, that, notwithstanding their lofty moods, they, ere long, were found shouting and dancing around some goldon calf or other,- ani turning their gloiy into shame? Witness the history of flie Jews, of tbe early Church, of die Church of Scotland and Xingland. Witness thehistory of congregations ui of individuals 1 Witneis yonr own history! If in seasons of declension, Earnest men like -Neliemiah and Ezra, like Paul and Barnabas, like Iiuthsr end Knox, like Wesley and Whitfield, like Moody -and Sankey, like Spurgeon.and Bonar, should arise nnd plead with men, stnd t&ke; epecial steps for arousing the religious sentiment, why should men complsan ; why should fault be found ? If in seeking to honX 8^^.,,* 160 Bt ? Te 10 "borate atrifo ^truthfulness. Intemperance, enmity. trnthi,.: b'go'ry, — - u and u foster iuuier uprightness, unrlStnesi. honour.' whv^u';». Cllamy - ^Perauce, and toleration tesflito^Jnot rejoice? They would doubtl ^ ™ 8 en _ d _*ithout the lll without rkT "T H means, the - -harvest 1 the virtn the mnLfn^L - u B without the piety, set ^ ^th ° Dt the » wak ening. But they for- U, " ^roaBh the former that the latter «J5?„- ^ached ; that it is through spiritual 1 afonP ^ v.f 'P^' We, that true goodness is are but thankless oritics wno want the Cburcli to make bricks without straw, , ® soeiet J" without the use of the only We m , - v the need were is lor these epecial movement*, but surely we Should hail them, when they are made, and in making them ourselves strive so to guide them, as to e ™ em productive of the highest good. We nave painful feelings when the heavens for long seasons are over us as brass, and the earth beneath as iron. Do wc, therefore, grieve when the heavens oarfcen, the winds raise, and the clouds empty themselves on the earth V Disaster there may be, but what is the chafl to the wheat, what is tha less to the gain ? And if in times ot great religious concern, after prolonged apathy, accesses do occur, what, even then, is the chaff to the wheat, what the reaction to the forward movement ? It is objected that it is a reflection on the established and ordinary divinely appointed means tor promoting piety and virtue. By the ordinary means, the reading and preaching of the Word, prayer, the Sacraments, and Christian fellowship are meant. In what way are these dishonoured ? AM they not rather pressed into the service of religion and virtue—are they not rather used with an earnestness and a persistency that Is refreshing ? What is it bat the Bible that is commended for study ; what but the Gospel that is preached ; what but prayer that is employed and recommended • what but the coming together of the congregation for mutual encouragement, is it that is in use ? But why encourage these revivalists, these American brethren, this preacher, and this singer of hymns T Why rally round these men, and malce them ths centre of the movement 1 Why not rest satisfied with the ordinary routine of service—the old quiet way that we were accustomed to 1 Why, we might reply, rally round Wellington and the British army, when the civil and religious interests of Europe are imperilled; why rally round Wilberforce and Brougham in carrying tbe emancipation of the slavewhy rally round Ebtnezer Erskine or Thomas' ohalmers in carrying the reform of the Church ? Society demands leaders in Church and State, and God provides them. Keep to the old method ; go on in the old ruts ; alter nothing in new exigencies, —in perilous times. Arrange, alter, improve vour methods of action according to the different circumstances ot the ages of intelligence and of society, in business, in locomotion, in war, in literature, in education, but lay not a single finger on the timehonoured methods of our fathers, in the Church, in the application of religion to society in reaching the consciences, intelligence, and hearts of men, at your peril < < Is this sense; is this religion ? Have the wise and the good of the Universal Church in our day either deemed it tbe one or the other ? The religions conservatism and prejudices of Scotland at first questioned, and in many cases frowned on the movement of the revivalists in December last, but with the exception of prijudiced religionists, who imagine that there is nothing right or wise or good, but what has tha stamp of antiquity upon it, every section of the Church, all tbe great leaders of the Church, and the great body of the people, have fallen in with it, and been benefitted by it. The Revival Intelligence Papers, now in circulation throughout tbe town and neighborhood, give ample proof of this—a paper that I trust you will carefully read and prayerfully ponder. There is no new Gospel preached; there is no new end souuht ; there is no strange appliance brought to bear on society. There are indeed prayer meetings, evangelistic services, and meeiings for enquirers, but these are appliances with which the Church has ever been familiar. How often lias our Lord and his Apostles met and dealt with inquirers, the Gospel history abundantly testifies. The prominence given to sacred song is the only new thing, if new it be, and surely in that there is nothing verv startling, very perilous, very unwise Praise haB ever occupied a place in Reformation Churches, ar.d is happily in; these days of quickening, gradually resuming something of its former place and power, and if its special use at home tends further to restore the the praise of the sanctuary, the prayer meeting, and the family to a worthier place in our worship, instead of complaining, we thould rather rejo;ce- The extravagancies of former periods of awakening in England, Ireland, and Scotland, are unknown in this movement, and if it should please God to own the means that may be employed in this country to arouse and quicken the religious sentiment now «o dull and apathetic, and to incline tfce the ear and heart of the pe.iple to listen to the things that concern their pea.e, let us hope that not only will wisdom, sobriety, and reality characterise the leaders ot the Church in directing it, but that while seeking to aave sinners and edify saints, they will also keep clearly before them the great interests of mi-rcv, truth, end righteousoess. There may be chaff mingled with it, but let us hope that there will be wheat also, and that we shall all have reason to say, " What is the chaff to the wheat, saith the lord ? " 