' 'SaOn D{AY4 Y VIoUNcsnt.r . iFirlL Race-Prince of ;Wales Stakes of 256 sors. each,'wvlltb 2 sove. added for starters': 1I'mile;' wfnner to be sold immediately after the race... : : ? :. Mr R. W'arn's br m Magnolia. years ... 1'; C. IlCetherington's h g The Child.... 2' J. J. Connor's b gWonder; aged....... 3 Magnoli? seemed to have the race to , herself, which proved the fact"for she arrived an easy wvinner. She was 'afterwards bought in by+ hbr owner for Second Race-Clty Handicap of 100 soveR with a sweep of 5sovse. each added for starters, 2 miles . { ' MrJ. Mayo's 1 h. Lord Jihn, Ist 12t.. J. Malloon's 'bc. NunioloGst 121bes.. `2 r A: E: Cornwall's bh Surhiton, 6st41b 3 ' Evangeline, Stanhope, and Conqiieror.also e arted. i- . ..;r<,,: Six,lhorses started. for: this race. iuncioand Lord John drew away-from jhe "start,E,,vangoline, last..' Passing .the stand; Nuncio and Lord John ,were 'still in front, Stanhopejthird. .t,,the back "qf the.cohrsee ;Stanhopeigot into difficulties.. -Coming into.the.straight "Lord John went.away in front, and a splendid .finish wasmade, by Surbiton. and Conqueror for third'place, Surbiton gaining.it at the last moment::.. l Third Race-Flying Handicap of 20 saoves with 2 sovs each added' for starters', I mile. Mr A Aillriglht's'b b Conqueror, 7st 2lbs:' 1' J. Holland's ah'h Lottery; Tit 'lbe i2 J. Mallon's bli h Nuncio,. 7st:.:...... 3; F. R. L. Rossi's Feu-deo-joule. After a' fine raco' Conquerori won easily., , , , , ,, Fourth Race- Forced Handicap of4 oves. each, with 20 soes. added'; 1} mile:'" Mr A. Cornwall's Surbiton, 'Oat: 91bs;:.,.. I 1. T'. Ivory's b m,Ladybird, 8st-12lbs.... .2 A. Aliright's b,h .Fxcelsior, 8st ibs 8. Magnolia and Lottery also started.' This, was a fine .riae."' MIgnoli&a;? who was all beliind at the back of the' coursa, pulling up into fourth positidon: Lottery took the-lead, with Excelsior close by. - On coming into thb~strdiighlt Surbiton forced ahead and amiii home an easy winner, with'Ladybird second, and Excelsior third.' " The settling took place at'Phyteii's ICommercial fo tel on Wednesdadv von teg. " .::, A LITTLE girl was lost in the bush between Commors River and Rook- wood Station, in Northern Queensland, and was not found until the seventh day after it had been missed. The Peak Downs Telegram gives the follow- ing narrative: " The little girl has now quite recovered and has told her parents as much of her wanderings as will ever be known. It appears that the black boy carried her for about five miles when he got tired and setting her down told her to walk back to the station. The child being firightened refused to go and as a further induce- ment he took off her boots. As she still refused to go this black hound beat her with a stick, and frightened her off. Of course, she soon lost the track. A child of this age would be almost certain to lose a good bush track and this was a very bad one—in many places much overgrown with grass. For some days she wandered about in the long grass. She cannot tell how many but the number can be made up. During this time nothing seems to have broken the monotony of her journey, besides the change from night to day, and from cold to warmth, but on a certain day she came upon a large mob of horses. She seems to have looked upon anything with life as a friend, and so, stopped with them all that day, losing them only after dark. In the course of the night she found a stump hole, and there she re- iained until the following evening, when her friends the horses again put in sight, and she followed them. In the darkness she again lost them, but in her wanderings fortunately came across a road shortly after daylight, on which Mr. Gillam found her. On being asked if she was hungry she said she was not but tthat she wanted water. Being found on the seventh day, and having for two days had the society of the horses, she must have wanderedrin complete solitude for four days. So far as can be learnt she had nothing to eat the whole time. She could not have lived without water, but those who know the bush will allow that a child of that age could get nothing to eat. ANornT R ghost story,:(says the Em pire) and this one from, the waters, of :Port Jackson. : It appears that a ,few nights ago.a boat was employed to take a quantity of new mattresses to: on 'of the vessels in the stream'. and while on the 'journey one. of: thim fell iinto the water, and not being noticed at th'e time remained: floating about ;'Some time afterwards a second boat was s -en gaged to take'an ofliHer to-his ship in farm Cove, the only 'occupants being 'the passengers and boatmen... It was `going along:quietly; -and wheni some distance from the shore' the, boat: sud denly ceased to make headway, and: on the boatman turning round to see the causo,,the white heads of thelost ;mat trass showed above the head of the boat, as if rising out of the water; and :'ithout-a moment's tthiought or" esignal to his passenger, the man had took 'ito !the water and made t0othe land'as fast 'as' he could.` The pasengcr.ig thinking }no 'doubt, 'thatsomething'very dreadful was about to happen, followed suit. The, deserted boat ' was afterwards found with the mattrass at its :head,: much -to the amusement of:,those Who were'aware of the causoe that, led to its abandonment.' : PROBABLY story (writes the Castle- maine Representative), the truth of which we can vouch for, may hereafter be quoted among the anecdotes of mis- ers such as Elwes and others. We do not recollect a similar one among the whole collection which Mr Boffin made. An old man named James M'Kenzie, of miserly habits, living out beyond Sutton Grange, feeling conscious of approaching dissolution, sent in a mes- senger to Dr Bone for a certificate of death. It appears that the old man has an aversion that an inquest being held on his body, and an equal disin- clination to expend money on a doctor, to be either killed or cured. He was attended about three years ago by Dr Bone, and, in his message, the moribund delicately reminds him of the circumstance. The case is almost without a parallel for deep-rooted love for money in a man about to quit the world. Of course we need not add that the doctor declined to certify to the death of a living person, and the probability is that unless Mr M'Kenzie think better of his determination not to pay a doctor's fee he will be the subject of a "coroner's inquisition." 'ANS. extraordinary, case: of..anino affection' hlias libeau broutght to light (says the Geelong '?Adderiiser) iat Cam bertown at an inqes't held on;the body~ 'ofa pboor old widow'named"Mrs Ba.ss. One of her friends{ noticing'sl"he ip peared in low spirits for a day dortwob called at the. house,';and:!receiving nib answer, informed some ; of the neigh-l bours, who i proceeding' to.: the 'house and going in found the old'.woman ly ing on her bed apparently asleop.? IOn trying to rouse her they founid she-wa dead, and onimoving the oloth.~itlley found the dead body of a:dog lyiing be side ihor. In 'the roomn they discodvered a, bottl;i la?elled la~iudaium,?:'d at first it wassurmiised' that ishe might have died fromi' n 'overdosoe of the :iarotici,'?bu t on' a postniorterim being pierformed by Dr Austin it: iwas -found that she d')ied :from serous. apoplexy. Whether the dog died from: grief ;or nwas- smodthered was not determineod: Thoe coroner in reply to some question of the jurymen, referred them to a veterinary surgeon if they. wished to hovo their doubts relieved bn thtat point. 