HOLIDAY SPORTS. Monday, the 28th, being the anniversary of the colony was kept as a public holiday, and a number of sports were entered heartily into on the open ground to the south of the town. The day was very warm, which prevented them taking place at the time announced. About 2 o'clock, however, people began to muster on the ground, which is admirably adaptedfor re creation, and the ground on §jtheti side being7, shaded with lofty trees, spectators were nicely sheltered from the burning sun. The ground on the east of the course being elavated a splendid view could be had of the whole of the sports without any crowding or inconvenience. The wants of the people were well looked after. Mr. Gray took care that none suffered from thirst: while others were equally attentive with fruit and sweetmeats. The stalls were erected under the shade of a cluster of beautiful gum saplings, which proved a nice retreat, and very many took advantage of the pleasant 6hade. An accident happened to Henry Kimber, a young lad, about 15 years of age, eon of Mr. C. Kimber, Clare. He was on horse back, when some one with an unruly horse ran against him, causing both horse and rider to fall. He was partly stunned, and when lifted up, it was found that one of his wrists was broken, and that he had sustained other injuries. Towards 4 , oMoek thefe could he no less than 600 " persons on the ground. The' ladies < mustered strongly, and their gay fantastic colors gave the course a iiveiy appearance. ■ The following are the events:— 100 yards race, open to all comers. En trance, Is: prize, £1. F. Fleechmore came i in first, — Owen second, and A. Scott third. 200 yards race, open to all comers. En trance, 2s; prize, £1 10s. ~ A. Scott came in first, and J. Holland second. Other competitors—F. Bleeehmore and P. Daly. Hurry Scurry, half mile heats without dismounting. Entrance, 5s; prize, £5. H. Crabb's Veto was the winner, Pilkington's Little Jack came in second. Three other horses ran, viz.—Winham's Alice, Hillman's Unknown, and Elliott's Polly. Running high jump. Entrance, Is; prize, £1. A. J. Bleeehmore won with a jump of 5 feet 1 inch. Other competitor— A. Scott. Tilting Match.—Entrance, Is; prize, £1; second to save his stakes. First, Thos. Bowley; aeci)&3, JamesTucfeer. Seventeen entries. Half mile race, open to all comers. En trance, 53. First prize, £3, and gold locket presented by Mr. Jordan; second, £1. Three to start or no race. First, J. Holland; second, P. Daly; third, A. Scott. Half mile heats without dismounting. Winner of first race disqualified. Entrane, 5s; prize, £4. It. Brumby's Maid of the Mist was the winner, Pilkington's Little Jack came in second. Four other horses ran, viz.—Winham's Alice, B. Gleeson's Miss Fitz, J. Holland's Larrikin, Collins's Jess. • Boys" race, under 14.—100 yardB. En trance, free; prize, £1. First, Murray; second, Smith. Three-legged race, 100 yards. Entrance, Is; prize, £1. First, Ward and. Roach; second, Tobia and Cain. Race for losing horses, half mile, one event. Entrance, 3s; prize, £1 lOg. Hol land's Larrikin was the winner. -Boys'race, 4sGd, Bell.. Max Adeler, a noted American humorist, says:—It is generally not worth while for a man to notice reports about himself; but when I saw In a Pittsburg paper the other day a statement to the effect that I had been a sutler in the army during the war, I felt as if I ought to refute the calumny. When my eountry, in the hour of peril, called her sons to arms, the long roll of the drums had not ceased before I responded. With a heart filled with devotion for my native land, with a soul fired by an ardent desire to do something for her salvation, I determined that I «t least would sot be the recreant to niy defy or forgetful of the valor which I inherited from a warlike and courageous Just after tea last sight, when our (P. D. Telegram) " devils" returned to their cases, they fonad the office in possession— not of a bailiff, but of millions of flying white ants. After on attack upon their Innumer able Ewarms with blazing paper, by which some thousands were destroyed, i&ey; still maintained their position aird> drove, out their assailants, - After h*Sf-ae-h»*r'ar so their numbers were sufficiently reduced to allow of work being resumed, but they were a great nuisance all night. Tipkins aroused his wife from a sound sleep the other night, saying he had seen a ghost in the shape of an ass. " Oh, let me sleep," was the reply of the arate dame, "and don't be frightened at your own. shadow." 'The Kiug of Persia once ordeerel his vizier to make out a list of all the fsols In his do minions. He did so and put his Majesty5s name ftt the head of them. Hie king asked' hint why, to which he immediately an swered, "Because you entnuted ft lac of rupees to men you eoa'tknow to buy foorses foryou a thousand miles offt, andwho^l net^r come .back." " Ay, l>*t auppoea tbej come iackP" ''aEh«.n i.ehalleraj^ejrour ham^ejQd issect theirs." * . The boy that recommended a few drops of paregoric on isugar for the child of dis quietude has his match in another sshosi.. after .successfully spelling chicanery, fined it to be a large coop to raise chickens, ." Howis it, my dear, that you have.nevec' kindled a.flame^ in the fccscra cf a ' man ?" said Bn old lady to her pretty niece,'who was portionleesj • " The* reason', dear; aunt," replied the yftung lady, " is, as^you well know, that 1 auanot-i good'match." • An observing man fcas discovered a rimi Laritv between a young ladies' seminary and a sugar-house, asboth reiinewliat isajieady sweet. 