r&ioa; *0 x-xmrrrzz-,j. " . «.-> -- ANGASTOjN INSTITUTE. ,The of th'^.abeFe Xnstjtutp have ...£>' ioict mg.gtitlyi^entertainmenta, with » view of popu larizin^|,liaji iijpiifcnjion 5;1 apd jthe fost of (tbe^e tgp^ rgljtcg 0oaK^8fojidaj /lapt, j whenVja jlectdre oil gSMb'bj M*"4E; Wardir5lE.P:* IaeideMtpliy 4ie*^ehtioney.- 4hktrJ ^he-' admission fgg was,,^! .gf; yery^ lpw^grrre of. 617 ana4we really think as many Would have ' atjgn^aiqlapl-afchftto\ [iieem?;donbled-j-judging 'at least from a remark made by one of (the leading A^g&^mansj- ""-that' tj3lJ "theif pockets were gradually getting ^heavier and.:befcter lined," a. s£fttementr which speaks well for the prosperity of the placei.'- '.OSovrever,- to Wturn to-the subject, tlie large hall of -Hie ^liislitute "was comfortably fiUed,>;'%iWe' esp^ciaTiy'' in the front? and the audje^;.j^ gj wjjojfjj^gqeA,quiet. and orderly, alt^ig^4 ^yj )K9ye<jfi ifexception, wa natieeda-few larrikins who were ; =sb3ifelwis;ih 'their deriiftMs- fdr '^nedreB ' iff .eireiythin^, ' whether good, bad, or indifferent'. ?The^hlft^^S 'fefien at'**S o'clock' |bjr :'Mr. W. S^ff^JfiF^w^' Is" ^,1 apol^i^'jfo^fi^pi^;^j^Wdi^Pca-: waitiiog-.BO; long f«Etet. ihei ad v-erfcisecfcfcime " <<f ominenPeinfent; {7-30), and explained that thk'&felay1; was' 'really' unavoidable.' 1 kllfl ham 'was'thferi called upon "to^play 'Thjalberg's " Some, S.weet Home," which' that' lady'reniiered'in very gopcl style, bat which was entirely spoilt by the bad tone of. the . piano, -Various songs and' glees- were'? inter sperseddaring the evening, which,-however, do notftall ibr -any special notice, unless indeed we mention those sung by lire. Hcggie, which diB played considerable taste and feeling, and were . V-iS W <J« r ? in eacn ease epepred. ? The main feature of the evening was of course the'^tg^MgiviSed into two parts. Tlie, le.c^ turer'^gsfteapiyed with plaudits on his 'appearing.. be|Ep5Sto^«4i»»«Slfeuij Mr. Ward, in introducing his subject, remarked thafc'wher&Ver; Me Bnglish language was spoken or - dfiilersttfinl, there'1 t'hey, found the name of Snaitefpe^re heictSip as orfe of- the-if not the gnjafcfisfc_paefc& of our.laud.; .and it. was -therefore wel^they should be acquainted with something of jthe. .history.pf a inan whose writings have , beqome in 'all garts( of the .world, " household. ,t,.,Earnestly he laboured at, his. work, eontending^gfdnst many difficulties bs S^e^pih succeeded in achieving a position foriinfflffi; and when at last he shuffled off this mortal coil, he left as bis legacy to mankind his .noble writings, which so long as >tlie English language was: spoken would live green and fresh iu the'estimation of all. Shakespeare was born in* Stratford-on-Avon on. the 23rd April', 1564. His' father afcfcliat time and subsequently occupied important positions in the town, and was esteemed a tolerably wealthy uian. However, the truth of the-old adage "Baches have-wings." was amply proved in his case, for later on we find him excused, from payment of rates on account of inability to do so. Here the lecturer mentioned that Shakespeare -was nearly self-taught, and that the legal'knowledge-displayed by kirn, in his writings' was obtained :from a delation (oue Q-reen), an attorney of the Court of Shake speare's native town. They came now to an important epoch in Shakespeare's: life-that of his falling 'in love. The object of his affections was Ann Hathaway, and they could well imagine the manner in which bis spirit would express itself. Could they not imagiue Shakespeare as Borneo, and Aim as Juliet, or lib LorenzOand she Jessica. Take the following quotation from the '.'Miercimnfc pit Venice " : ff Beshrew me, but I love her heartily; . ! ' For she is wiste, if I can judge of her; ! Anfl fair she is, if that mitie eyes be true ' And true she is, as she hath proved her ' self," &c.; ..... i j ?. 9 J Could they not imagine these his own words to Ann ? This episode in his life was brought to a happy consummation by the marriage of the pair, which took place in 1581. The lecturer then alluded to .the common, idea, of. Shakespeare' haying;'been -brought before-the justices on a charge of " poaching, which idei'the lecturer , treated as' a fallacy-arguing, and u naturally enough, too, that had this been tbe case he would, certainly not havegone to London openly and; into the -most public -places; -and, further, that his whole character through life, his filial andconjugal love, as evinced by his future con duct, was;totally. incompatible with the character ? of a .criminal' and absconder- It was about this ' thistime that the misfortune mentioned before overtook"Will's" father, and. our hero was com pelled to l£>ok about him in order to find means of earning his own livelihood ; and we find him on his . way to the golden streets of Xioadou. Arrived there, he attaches himself to the Queen's Theatre, Blackfriars, in the lowest capacity - it is believed, indeed, that his first occupation was to mind the horses of gentlemen visiting the theatre. From this, his refined geuius caused him gradually to rise, until at last he took his place on the stage, where, however, he iwas not a bright particular star. Xt is supposed the most important part he ever_.played was that of the ghost in Hamlet. After some years have elapsed they found Shakes peare registered amongst others as one of the j proprietors of the very theatre in which he made soch a-humble beginning 5 and now being raised j above poverty and untrammelled with its harass ing effects, we find him with opportunity, position, and time necessaiy for cultivating and exercising bis exalted genius ; and it is needless to add j that of these he made good use. It is supposed that Shakespeare's first attempt at dramaticj writing was the first part of " Henry the Sixth.*' And speaking of his historical works, the lecturer < stated his belief tbat these works carefully annotated,.revised, and purged perhaps of certain expressions which would offend the fastidious .ears of .present, society, would form a very valu [ school' book. for 'the purpose of instructing the iy.oiing. in the eiejneptary history of E ngland in s those, times of .which Shakespeare wrote. And | here Mr. !Ward remarked upon the manners and i customs prevailing in those times as explaining .satisfactorily the use of expressions by Shakes peare which would be thought most vulgar now, | jbut which then were common enough. England ithen, too,was different from the busy place it ; no wis. Many feast days instituted by the old ] 'Catholics were stillkept Sip,"and the peopleJriosf?I jreligiouB .enjoyed themselves on.' those -. occasions jwith,perhaps.more-licence than might nowj.be I piought proper. ? Gentlemen's daughters then; ftob, wfere not above the useful arts of making -linen, perhaps making their own dresses, feeding poultry, &c.-an; example which,, by- the-way, jthe modern young- ladies would do well to jfollow in some sort. And thus allowing for all j these things, they might at once find a proof of | Shakespeare's "greatness; for whereas an or dinary- writer of . those days would not have, jautlived bis own time, Shakespeare, by his genius jiad survived them allyand had left behind him a j onument which would live through-all times and laces. Shakespeare's. particular forte was-in' omedy ; and after giving several illustrations of his,'the lecturer concluded the first part of his lecture by reading from the " Comedy of Errors," ActX, Scene 2, the dialogue between Antipholus , |>f Syracuse andUromio.of-Ephesus. - ; The second' part of the lecture was opened -by frlluding to Shiakespeare's prosperity, and the use he made of it. They found him now redeeming his mother's estate from a mortgage which his father's exigencies had caused- to be necessary He was now a man of liiark and fortune ; but not . forgetting (eitjier his parents ^r his native place,'1 he became the "purchaser of lands and bouses at Stratford, and attended to the wants and comforts 6f his indigent 'relatives, now in the decline of life-thus 'aiding in their old' age those'to whom he owediso much in his yotith. And they could ^vell. imagine ,how proud his. fellow townsmen^ who had known, him when a boy would pe of - such a man. The lecturer, -in :speak |ng of Shiakespeare's tragedies, first 'mentioned Macbeth as being perhaps the greatest and most finished'production ,ihat ever' flowed from the pen of . the great writer. Its magnificence of conception never once falters. What a picture is that of Lady Macbeth-a woman, unsexed, and inspired by the most guilty ambition-a wicked woman, too, who does not falter at using her power over the vacillating Macbeth for the worst purposes. Take, for instance, scene 7, act 1, commencing " If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well It wore done quickly," &c.; Then was mentioned, Hamlet. It was supposed by some critics that Shakespeare intended the Prince-of Denmark as a representation of one mad, while by others this madness was conceived to be feigned, and feigned, too, with and for a purpose ; as Polonius is made to say, " Though this be madness, yet there's method in it." In this latter, view he (the lecturer) agreed. He could find in Hamlet's soliloquies not the slightest trace of madness ; take, for instance, the well-known, " To be or not to be, that is'the question." But this diversity of opinion was another proof of the poefs great power. In " As You Like it." they had a pastoral play, full, however, of rich beauties. In this piece Shakespeare's favorite character was that of old Adam, wliiek lie played himself, and made per. haps more 'conspicuous' than any other in the piece. They .might '.imagine "what earnest ness lie woul,d tlirovp into t}ie words- - " Master,' go 011, and I, will follow thee To the last gasp ; with truth and loyalty" &c.; The lecturer also quoted from this play the well known " Seven Ages of Man." Another class of plays was that relating to ancient times, and no writer of .either those or more modern ages had left such a -series of graphic pictures behind him. In this class Pericles, Timon of Athens, Antony and Cleopatra, &c.;, were included. The " Merchant of Venice " was next brought under notice; the lecturer remarking that nothing finer existed in our language than Portia's appeal to Shylock, and the manner in which she tried to turn him to; mercy, before using the power she held in her- hands. To those who may not he be acquainted with the play we might point oult Act 4, Scene 1, as that which comprises the whole . of: the, celebrated trial scene alluded ifco byMr. Ward. Want of space prevents our more fully report ing the lecture, but may say that in summing up? Mr. Ward remarked that " Shakespeare Jiad left behind him writings on English, Scotch, Venetian, -Boman,rEgyptian, French, and Greek subjects 5 and this is wliafcno other author ever even at : tempted to do. It is not too much to say that his genius was simply inexhaustible." Shakespeare retired from the stage in 1604, and died in 1616j honoured and beloved by all. Monuments hav^ been-erected, and -centenary festivals held in hw 'hoiiorir,.but liis best monument is. his book; and while jEnglislinxen are Englishmen the writer will , Ever have a . home in their hearts though he was only plain " Will Shakespeare." 1 The,lecture was listened to with great attention^ and the lecturer loudly applauded, at its close. The usual votes of thanks having been passed; the Rational Anthem was: sung by sail' present. By-' the-way, we; Inrere rathersurprised ;at the extentj of loyalty displayed 'by some few of Iter Majesty's: Angasfco'nian, subjects, whoj ^on hearing- the Na tional A,ufchem given outifronuthe chair-left,! pr/ shall We isay,' bolted 'from;the room ? We hardly know which, but think the latter more correct. ' In' 'conclusion, we hope that having commenced these meetings the authorities of the Institute will keep them up,'and not follow the example of some other places, where they have been allowed speedily to die away. 