ijliitlkL LOYAL QBAHOB dijand Ijtnurmstiption v ,: OF. 1874, _ ; - a IN THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. Ab the i2fch . of Julyk the anniversary, of the glorious victory of the; Boyne in 1690, fell this year upon a Sunday,' it was felt to be a duty in cumbent upon the ever loyal society of Orange men not to let that memorable day pass without its proper religious demonstration. Accordingly the Exhibition Building was engaged for a special religious service, which was to be conducted by the various clergymen whose , names are ever found in the foremost ranks of the opponents of Papal ignorance and superstition. Among these ' were the Rev. J. M'Gibbon, LL.D., Grand (Chaplain of the Order, the Rev. Z. Barry, LLiD., the Rev.. Brother R. Sellors, the Rev. Brother T. Wilson, and the Rev. Brother G. James. Although the weather on Sunday after noon was bleak and threatening, a very large number (estimated at not less than 6000) of our , fellow citizens assembled in the building to take part in the service and listen to the various appropriate sermons delivered by the ministers ; before named, a full detail of which will be -found below. , , : The platform for the speakers was placed on the western Bide of the building, and telegraph .wires were, fixed across the building to render the speakers' words audible; in all parts of the vast space.' This was, however, a partial failure ao far as the conveyance of sound was concerned, and the mischief was intensified by ah incessant .shuffling of feet by persons constantly prome nading during the service. This latterannoy- ance was doubtless 'the consequence of the iuaudibloness of the speakers to some of the people, but we trust. ,on a future occasion (should such arise) barriers will be placed from seats to wall which will render pedestrian- ism almost impossible. We think it right in this place at once to con tradict a stupid rumour which has already reached ourselves, that the German Baud was present and paraded round the building on Sabbath afternoon. The band was not there, consequently the rumour is utterly groundless, but, unfortunately, even so absurd a tale, unloss thus publicly contracted, would be but too .readily propagated until it was at last regarded .as truth. On Monday evening last the secular celebra- _tion of the Orange festival took place in the same edifice. Unfortunately the weather (lately .so very capricious) became -more unsettled and gloomy, but, notwithstanding this unpropitious circumstance, upwards of 4000 members of tho various Orange Lodge attended the demonstra tion. , The building itself had been most taste fully, decorated ,for the occasion with flags, banners, and evergreen, conspicuous among which was the beautiful and well-known banner \ot No. 23 L. O. L. This portion of the display was most ably executed under the direction of the Grand Secretary, Brother W. H. Davies, tho D.G.S., Brother J. Partridge, and Brother Car- rick of No. 16 Lodge, assisted by the willing . hands of several other members of our institu- , tion. The success of the, in this instance, two fold commemoration must be very gratifying to .all true Protestants. It testifies to the watcli- . fulness of thousands, and should arouse to a pro- ; per sense of their Christian, and particularly of their Protestant profession, those other thousands .'.whose sleepy indifference to the insidious . assaults how steadily being made upon their , faith makes them appear too much like trimmers, who desire to be thought running with tho liare, . yet are known to be tarrying with the hounds. The Sabbath service was commenced by sing ling the lijrmn, "Jesus shall reign where'er the \ sun," which was given out by the Rev. Dr. Barry. A very efficient choir led the psalmody, assisted greatly by the organ, which was played most ably by Mr. A. Gelule. Prayer was then (offered by the Grand Chaplain, and the remainder , of the service proceeded as detailed below. On the platform we noticed — The Rev. Brother Dr. M'Gibbon, Rev. Brother George James, Rev. Brother R. Sellors, Rev. Brother Dr. Barry, Rev. Mr. Moulton (Friendly Islands) ; S. S. Goold, Esq., W.G.M. ; R. McCoy, Esq.,D.G.M. ; and Messrs. R. Thompson, W. Hezlett, andN. , J. Mackenzie, &c.;, &c.; The Rev. Brother Sellors took for his text ..1, Timothy ii. 1, 2 — "I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplication, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men ; for kings, for all that are in authority ; that we ; may lead a quiet and peaceable life . in all godli- . iicss and honesty." He said : — When we come . to examine the teaching of God's Holy Word, ,uud when we consider what must bo the tendency . of the Christian religion wherever it is allowed jto exert its full influence unchecked by human J.laays, we are led to wonder, that on the part of ./ those who profess to have acquaintance with its . teaching, there should bo the slightest objection .Jto it. When we look at the state of tho world at the time our Lord sent forth His Apostles to . jpreach' the glad tidings of salvation amongst the Rations of , the earth, when .we 'think 'of there- inceptions . which almost invariably met .them; t,whcn we tliink of the way those were treated -. ,who received their word, and who believed on < the; Lord Jesus Christ, and. united themselves jyWfithi His people — we . are led to acknowledge i;ithat in. the way in which these persons sub- . .mitted to, suffering, the grace of God is clearly aeen, just as in that Word which they professed u. believe, , evidence of .its divine origin is riot .printing. | Look at the way. in which Christ calls ;,, upon those who embrace His teaching to live i. By, the profession they make on the Lord Jesus ; and. union with the people of - God is in- . tended to link us in the holiest service in which possibly engage on .'behalf of all man- ;i kind. And wherever the Christian may dwell, under whatever form of government 'he may . Lye> whatever may lie the personal character of (hq govern, his duty is plain, ami to the , discharge he is at once to address himself.' Re- , minded of; the .work which Christ has. accom- .phshed for all men, reminded of the will of God .oncenungallnienthat they should be, saved he is engage ill offering supplications, .ami prayers, and intercessions, and. 1thaulisgiviii"s for all »««', feo that the religion of .'Jesus liiiks us t ; . . , , I 1 - o the highest, and it Ipiknus in «acreddutyr to the lowest; and it demands froifl thdse who ptofess" tobelievein its authority, 'Und to obeyit, that from our heart there should be for ever banished every feeling contrary to love, contrary to kind ness, contrary to sympathy, and that in our hearts there should be found as we approach the throne of grace on behalf of all men no desire which would render our heavenly Father un willing to answer our prayers. For kings and for all who are in authority we are to pray, and we should never lose sight of the fact when we are praying for those who are in authority, we are praying for that which is a divine institution. How much do wc owe to the Government under which we live ? What care would there be for our persons, for our rights, if it were not for the good Government under which it is our glory and our privilege to live ? And when we think of the high responsibility which is attached to the office of one who rules ; when we think of the trials, the anxieties, and the temptations which are peculiar to the office of one who rules, how much do such persons need our prayers, and indeed our sympathy. Sacred history tells us that at one tune a grand kingdom was rent asunder and a rival kingdom was established by the disaffected persons, one into which idolatry was introduced, and all this brought about through the king listening to and taking the advice of young and inexperienced counsellors. Is it not, therefore, a bounden duty to offer our earnest and heartfelt prayers to Almighty God that our gracious Quoen, whose roign has been distinguished by so many manifest tokens of the Divine favour, under whose blessed reign wo enjoy so much civil and religious liberty ? Is it not our manifet duty to offer our prayers to God on her behalf, that she from time to time may be surrounded by wise and godly counsellors, not by men who are seeking place and honor, but by men who love their country, by men who are not unwilling to be instructed in the lessons taught in God's Word, by mon who are not un willing to be instructed by the lessons which are so plainly taught in the history of our own country, by men of wisdom, men of prudence, men of firmness, men who shall assist our Queen in guiding the bark of State through all the numerous perils which surround it, and who shall maintain for themselves, and for the people of their own period, and for the good of coming generations, a firm stand by God's sacred Word and loyal obedience to each ? To-day we commemorate a great national event, an event which stands connected with the commencement of a new era in the history of our nation, an event, the fruits of which wore never more numerous, never more blessed, and they ought to be never more precious than tlicy are to us at this day. The very freedom which we have this afternoon to meet together for religious worship, the very freedom which we have to read God's Word in our own homes, and the thousand blessings which stand connected with our religion, may be regarded as a fruit of the great event which we this day commemorate. And as in ancient times God demanded that His people should remember His wonderful works, sometimes by an annual festival, sometimes by a monument, again by teaching those events to their children and their children's children, we should be unfaithful to our God, ungrateful to those who had lived before us, and who secured for us so largely the blessings we enjoy, if we did not recognise the hand of God in these great things. Thanksgiving is to be ofl'cred for all men. It is not for us to say what would have been the consequence had the Battle of the Boyne been lost by William and gained by James, and still we may gather soinethingof what would have been the state of things in England by looking at the state of things in the countries in which Romanism has been in the ascendauey. W ehavehad not only our Missionary Societies, and our British and Foreign Bible Society circulating God's Word almost over the whole world ; but we have had our hundreds, yea, hundreds of thousands of godly moil and women on the Sabbath Day going forth to teach the young the truth which is able to . make them wise unto salvation. If the victory had not been given by God to the army of William, what would have been the case when we remember to-day that there is One who demands the submission to Himself of all crowned heads — when we remember that He demands the uncondi tional surrender of all baptized persons to laws of which He is the framer and approver ? What do we see to-day in the state of the nations in which Romanism is in the ascendancy, and has been for generations past, to lead us to desire that our gracious Queen should lay her crown at tho feet of the Pope ? What in their natural condition, what in their intellectual state, what in any of these things, to lead us to desire that England should be identified with the Papacy ? Whatever may be England's future, though she may decline as a military and naval power, though through the opening of her marts her commercial glory may be less brilliant in the future than it is to-day, or than it was in the past, yet we desire that England should go on m the way of 'all that is good, and of all that is great, anil of all that is noble. We do desire that England, by the churches which flourish within her boundaries, and all the messengers whom theses churches send forth with the glad tidiugs of salvation, we do desire that England, in God's hand, may he successful in leading nations yet in darkness and in the shadow of death to light and to righteous ness and to God. And these "prayers of ours which we present to God, these prayers which shall come back in answers of peace to the godly who present them to the .throne, we offer these prayers, we seek these things for the advance ment of the Redeemer's kingdom, and, if we are unrestrained by any tyrannical mob, that wc may lead quiet and peacealile lives, in all godliness and honesty. We do desire that on the part of our Queen and all over whom she reigns there shall be constant recognition of Him who is the Prince of tho kings of the earth, Ring of Kings and Lord of Lords, that His footstool may be ber heart, and the heart of her people, and that in His service England, allied with other nations, may take a foremost place. In tho providence of God, England is now connected by marriage or by friendship with most of the reigning families of Europe; well, we desire that God may so bless these alliances that national affection shall grow and increase towards each other, and that the horrors of war shall not be known amongst us. We desire tliat England's future may be blessed and bright, that English ffe.edom may go on in creasing, <uil that we as a people here in the ends of ; the eartlrimay jvalk daily by tho light of 'divine truth; arid follow the example of our Saviour. -Let us not think that a great gather ing like this to-day is one which of itself will support the Protestant religion in this land. It is by our home lite, by our personal life, by our love for the truth, by our obcdieuce to the truth in our life, we are to show forth the ex cellency of the religion of Jesus, and in the spirit of Him who said "Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, pray for them which dcspitefully use you and persecute you," wo are to live and act ; and God, even our God, will bless us, and all the ends of the earth shall see His salvation. After the second hymn "Put thou thy trust in God," The Rev. G. James then ascended the pulpit, and took for his text, Acts xxiv. 14: " But this I confess uuto thee, that after the way they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law, and in the Prophets." Paul, having become a convert to tho Chris tian religion, soon found himself surrounded by an intolerant multitude of opponents ; but none of these things moved him, neither the powers of the populons, nor thri priesthood, the pride of office, nor the pomp of royalty could intimidate him, nor turn him from his purpose. Ananias and Tertullus, Festus and Agrippa were unable to shake his faith, or to grapple with those argu ments which he delivered in vindication of his conduct and cause ; taking his stand upon the foundations of truth, the charge of heresy fell powerless at his feet, and in the presence of the High Priest himself, he boldly exclaimed : "This I confess with thee, tliat after ,the manner they call heresy so worship I the God of my fathers ; believing all thing3 which are written in the law and the prophets." The charge which was preferred against the Apostle by the Jews is preferred by Papists against Protestants till tlie present hour : but in both cases — in our own case as well as in that of the Apostlo Paul — it is a scandalous and malicious falsehood. 'This will be clear, this will be evident to all who examine our principles in the light of Scrip ture — the light of the Scriptures which .are (1 remark in the first place) our rule of faith, and the standard to which we constantly appeal. We believe all things written in the law and in the prophets ; and to this test we desire to bring every principle. This we claim as our right, this wo prize as a privilege, and for this we cannot suffer any superstition whatever. We value the works and the words of good and great men — wo have derived information and profit by the perusal of their productions. We would not undervalue the works of a Newton, a Shakespeare, or a Milton, and a host of others, but these when brought into comparison with our Sacred Book can never hold but a second place in our estimation. Incomparably more precious to our hearts are these sacred docu ments which describe to us the way of salvation. The Bible throws a ray of light into men's dark understandings ; it discovers to us subjects — sublime subjects — which would otherwise bo dark and inexplicable. It describes to us the the character of God, as far as we are able to comprehend it ; it delineates the character and condition of man as a fallen and ruined sinner — but thank God he redeems sinners ; it proclaims to us a Saviour whose power to save is omnipo tent ; it speaks words of comfort and encourage ment to the broken in heart, and to the trem bling penitent. ' With its delightful promises it cheers the weary pilgrim as .he journeys through tho wilderness of time, towards the heavenly haven. By paying attention to its Diviuo instructions the statesman is greatly aided in the formation of laws, by allowing its principles to influence him the monarch rules in greater wisdom, and with strictor justice. This is the Book for which our fathers suffered tho confiscation of their goods, died in dungeons, and laid their heads upon the executioner's block. England has had her distinguished statesmen, her famed philosophers, her mighty warriors; but when tho garlands woven for them shall be withered, and when the monuments erected to their memory shall all have crumbled into tho dust, tho works and the words of our noble Reformers shall retain their freshness and their power. Tho words of Latimer, the ever-memor able words of Latimer, to cheer his companion Ridley at the stake have had their verification. The light lit in the fiery ordeal has continued to stream out its brilliancy, and it shines tilbthe present hour. The Bible has come down to us in' spite of fire, sword, and blood, to which tho emissaries of Rome liave resorted. By God's blessing it has "braved the battle and the breeze," and wo enjoy it as a birthright. Then by taking heed to its teachings, the humblest peasant is inspired with patience, the pious mariner is calmed in the midst of the storm, and assured by it that tho winds and the waves are in the handB of his Heavenly Father. With it embosomed beneath his scarlet the pious soldier has gone forth more bravely to meet the cannon's thunder and the gleaming steel. What then are we to think of those who charge us with the guilt of heresy, for reading a book which is so conducive to our piety, and well-being ? What are we to think of that cruel and pitiless infidel who made no scruples what ever about committing it to the flames ? Ho would dash from our lips this cup of consola tion ; he would pull down this refuge in which the sufferer can alone find shelter, and have nothing to substitute in its place, except lying tales, monkish fables, and the vagaries of tra dition. Every good member of this great organisation would prefer to bear the opprobrium heaped upon them as heretics rather than yield up a treasure so intrinsic in its value, rather than bow to the dictum of the priesthood, or allow themiselves to be fettered by the mummeries of Pio,: Nono. We are prepared to suffer the charge of heresjr which is brought against us. Allow me to advise every member of this grand Institution to keep close to the line of Bible pre cept ; drink in its spirit, obey its commands, bring every principle to bend to its authority ; and then, as. it regulates your life and your worship, you may hurl back the imputation to the helpless, the throneless, "the grand old hero" at the Vatican, without tho least fear of being ex cluded from the Kingdom of Christ, though deemed by him lis heretical and fit only for the flames of perdition. We worship God according to tho lows of our fathers. We worship him in the name of tho one Mediator, and here wo come to another point in tho charge of h'firesy wKiclf'ia preferred against us. Wc hold it is necessary that there should be a Mediator. There is no approach to God but through a Mediator. Sin, as you are aware brought death and ruin upon tho human family, it sunk a deep, dark gulf between man and Ins Maker. It drew down the Divine curse ' It spoiled man's beauty ; it deprived him of his innooeney ; it robbed him of the Divine image, and doom liim to exile and suffering. The flaming sword that turned every way at the gate of Eden, and which would prevent Adam and his coeval partner from attempting to return to to the Tree of Life was but a visible emblem of that invisible fear which was kindled in conse quence of transgression. How, then, can man approach the Throne of tlio Divine Majesty ! Tlie Apostle answers this question in the second chapter of the first Epistle to Timotliy : "For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour, who will have all men to, be saved, and come to the knowlodgo of the truth ; for there is one God, and one Mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus, who gave Himself a ransom for all, to be testified in dua time. He lias offered up the all-sufliciont sacri fice ; tlie curse came down on Him in all its pon derous weight ; justice poured all its bitter vials into the cup which was given Him to drink'. "He died for our sins according to tlie Scrip tures, and rose again for our justification, and having led captivity captive, and ascended up on high, Ho ever liveth to make intercession for us." "Such a High Priest became us who was holy, harmless, and undefiled, and separate from sinners, made higher than the angels;" embody ing in Himself a two-fold nature, the human and tho divine : He lias filled up the immense distance which stretched between the creature and the Creator. " God is in Christ reconciling the world unto Himself." -What more need vre, then ? Shall we preach Christ in the name of any other being ? Rome would have us do so ; and because we will not do so, they charge us with heresy. The Apostle is sufficient authority. "We desire to speak with becoming reverenco of the pious dead." We would speak iu the highest respect of Mary, the mother of our Lord, as " blessed among women." We bow with docile feelings to the teachings of Peter and tho rest of tho Apostles, because wo believe they spoke as they were moved by tlie Holy Ghost, but we were not forced to regard these, tlie highest saints, as mediums through which the Divine Being communicates his favour to man. And if we cannot acknowledge Peter, and Paul, and Mary, much less arc wo deposed to acknowledge as mediators tlie immense number of strange crea tures, some of whom never had an existence, and whom Rome has canonized, and given out as being possessed of intercessory powers. Wo think much of tlie memory of tho departed heroes of our faith ; but wo trust not in tho Virgin Mary for salvation. We think a good deal of him of Nassau, the Prince of Orange, the King William III., whose victories in the cauBe of civil and religious freedom wo this day cele brate. We do not forget that lie restored our country to tho foremost rank among the States of Europe ; that lie saved us and our liberties, our religious privileges, and placed tliem on a firm ancl immovable basis, and this he accom plished amidst danger, opposition, and ingrati tude, when the miserable truckling James II. would have handed over all these our rights and privileges to the tyrant oF Rome — but we do not look to him as our Mediator. We think a great deal of the Battle of the Boyne ; hilt wo don't think more of it than we do of the " battle of Calvary." We believe it is only in the name of Christ we can obtain forgiveness ; and hence, though charged with heresy, it will be seen that our principles are iu strict' accordance with the teaching of God's holy Word. We, therefore, however strange and painful it may seem to the votaries of Rome, towards whom we cherish feelings of charity and pity, we cannot help hurling back the charge of heresy and placing it where we believe it deserves to rest. After the third hymn, "Sovereign of all," had been sung, The Rev. Dr. McGibbon spoke on Ephesiaris vi. 10-18:— 10 Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in tho power of his might. 11 Put on' the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. ' 12 For we wrestle not against flesli and blood, but againstprineipalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. 13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. 14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on tho breastplate of righteousness ; 15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace ; 16 Above all, taking the shield of faitli, where with ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. 17 And take the helmet of salvation, and tlie sword of the Spirit; which is the Word of God : 18 Praying always with all prayer and sup plication in the Spirit,. and watching thereunto with all perseverance' arid supplication for all saints. " My dear friend— The . Christian life is often spoken of as a warfare. In Scripture there are many figures used to. describe our life in this world, m our passage from this world to the heavenly one, and a favourite figure amongst the writers of the Scriptures is that of the soldier. We are engaged in a warfare ; and it appears to me that, to-day, assembled as we are to celebrate, a great triumph given by tlie God of battles to our nation's arms, it seems. t'< me this is a very suitable passage for us to ta..o in order that we may quicken and gird, ourselves up for that great warfare in which I trust we are all engaged. This passage points out to us how the Christian soldier should prepare for the war in which be is engaged, how lie is to, battle against his enemies, and explains what his enemies arc. and assures him also of the victory. . As Christian soldiers the Apostlo would put upon us our armour— he would this day enrol us as the soldiers of Jesus .Christ.. Owning Christ as the Captain of. our .salvation, we go forth in His .name and war the good war, pf. faith an\l fight, and t hnnpliiii , his name : How wo are all conscious of our, in- ability to dp anything in this respect by 'any "arm or.poAverb of our otvii. Tlio Apostle tells us 'therefore to put on the, whole panoply of God— the panoply which God had provided for us, for we are not sent on a warfare at our own charges, nor are we required by bur own arms or powers to fight in this good fight of faith. The Apostle hero describes the various arms wc arc to employ. Let us just 'look at them for a little. In the first place, our loins are to be girt about with truth,; we are to have ourselves braced up in order that we may follow Jesus as the captain of our salvttioii, by being bound about by the' truth, discarding all error, all human imagina tion, all legendary lore, and to.be bound about .by the truth as it is iii'Jesus. Beinggirt about with :trutli We are to go forth to meet our enemies (which are described) ; having pur loins girt about with truth we are to stand and light man fully the good fight of faith. Wo are to have on the breastplate of righteousness ; our breast covered with righteousness ; not relying upon any righteousness of our own, not considering that we haVe any merit of our own ; nor can we by any right in ourselves have salvation ; but clothed with the righteousness of Jesus Christ. Then we, are to have our feet shod with the preparation of the Gospel of peace. ' Tliis refers to the boots or shoes which the ancient soldier had on, which enabled him to stand firm when ho was charging or when lie' wiis charged. We are to have these boots on, So that Ave may be able, to stand firm when we charge or when Ave are charged, lest, otherwise, our feet slipping Ave shoiild lose in tlie'battle. Having our feet shod Avitli the preparation of the, Gospel of peace; and that strength of foot,' that strength of leg necessary to our standing firm in this great battle, is to be only "the Gospel." Wearetobavo ourselves shod Avith' Gospel truth ; our footing is to be our knowledge and our faith in the Gospel of Jesus ; and having this as, our firm footing Ave shall be able to resist Avhen Ave are attacked, able to stand Avhen Ave are charged our selves. Then we are to put on, the shield of faith. Hoav necessary the shield in order to ward; off 'the fire-brands' or arroAvs that are shot by the enemy toAvards you. Noav, avc are to have on the shield of faith, in order that having the faith of Christ Ave may be protected from all the attacks of the enemy. Avho may 'throw Aveapons against us. Having this shield of faith avc shall be able to cjuencli all the fiery darts of the Aviclced one.' . With this shield of faith Ave shall be able to quench tliem so that ''they shall fall harmless at our feet. Then Ave are to have the helmet of salvation on our heads. This is to, be our hope— salvation, not through our oavh effort, but through Jesus Christ, who died for us. Having this for our hope Ave are to fight, and in this hope fully assured that fighting in His name Ave shall gain the great victory. Then Ave are to take the s>vord of the Spirit— the SAVord Avhieh the Spirit quickens, , the sword Avhieh the Spirit has sharpened, and which, sharpened and Avielded by the Spirit, is sharper than any two-edged SAVord, piercing to the dividing asunder of soul and ' spirit. : This Word of God,- this Bible, which avc have, is to be in our hand the great weapon Avith which we are to fight. It is to be in our hand— our sword by which Ave are notj only to protect ourselves, but to . cut doAvn the' pnemiy before us, It is the sword of the Spirit, it , is the Word of Gpd.j. The other day /there jwas introdiiced into' a certain order a gentleman, .'.in pur city, (and who had 'a 'certain sword given' jhiiriari/rimblematic of his power and given aiitho- rity. The Apostle gives to each of us— puts it into our hands, ,a SAvord'tliat will never blunt, "that 'will never break,' a sword that is/given us jby, the Holy tipirit. Himself.. It is the Divine //VYprd which is in our hands. Let lis like Chris tian/sold with this/sAvprd in our. hands, know /ht>w,.td. use skilfully _ and Avell, that , Ave" may be f jrible to coriqudr , iii the , great Avar fare. In addi tion to this,' Ave ''are ' to ' pray always, with all pfayeivaiul Avith all supplication , for all saints.: Above and beyond these our oavii efforts, Avith the Aveajions Avhieh are put into oiir hands, Avith tlie pianciply Avhieh is1 given us ; above and beyond. all these Ave are to, have the conscious ness that the victory is of God. '. And 1 the strongest Christian— the man who is most siic- cessful in fighting the good fight of; faith— is the man, who, while exerting ali bis p'oAvers,/ is coii-: cirius tliat lie has no poAver at all, and that1 the "blessing comes iiianswer to prayer'/ 'I wish 'to-day that. each of us may be inspired by thjs/Holy) ) Spirit) aa'Iio is the spirit of grace arid supplication,' ...that we may sheAV that our enemies arp'/Dipt "flesna'n'd blood, butthatithOy areprincipalit'iesarid powers ;" the evil agencies and evil, principles 1 which rule in the world. And' wlieri Ave , are 'banded together as Christian soldiers, as an army (.of Jesus Christ, to Avar the good' Avai-fare, to bring ; to, aii end all that is 'evij .'all that is error, anflto establish tlie truth in oiir beloved laigl, let us, my jiejodj?, as an army., of Christians go forth in the riarn'eof tlie Lord of 'Hosts, fighting the good fight of faith, and .desiring by earnest supplicatiop at the throne of grace that, He', in Ayliose hand, the hearts of all men are inay turn the hearts of oiir enemies to us, and in this ay'riy truly we shall have /inglorious victory lover, tjiem. Filially) my ) Jifpthfeh) be strong in the Lord and in , the power of, his .'might,' put qb the 'whole' armour of God, j j'wherewith ye , shall fye able to ..withstand all your enemies. Take unto you the shield of faith',,' the helmet of salvation,. the sword of the spirit, 'pray - /.nig/with all prayer arid supplication) and God has giyeii ' lis.', the , comforting promise that this will /'.tihiieiy givb us the .crpwnihg;vipt6ryf 1 ' ' The1 service' AyaS, concluded about 4 o'clock by /singing the doxology and pronouncing tlie b'ene- 0fctibn by .theG'rand Chaplain'. . ' ',' ' ' "'A" collriutlon to defray, the 'expenses was taken '11?.' .. j'';.:, .; >kpay;')/ ///'"'i;,;/! .//; , ' 3 J- '(At 'the /'hour appointed, the W?Gi'M;,'\S.MS: Gpold) ESq., Mayor bf 1 Sydney, took1 dhe'ehair) ".There Aefe present ori the' platform— Rriv./Bfo. 'TD.i1. M'Gibbon, Rev, Brp. R. Sellors/'Revi Bro. vJiOBarnier; Revs. O.H. lilacready, J. Austin) and x J,'/ /Dixon, of Newcastle';' the Mayoress' arid '"firihily ;: -"Aldermen Lindsay and Chapriiari ; "Messrs. R; McCoy, D.G.M., BrO. W) H.Davies; V'G.S., J. J: Joseplison, R. Thompson, N. J. Mac- kririzie, W. Coulter, " G,T., J. Yard, and W. 1 Makon, Among the audience we notidOd— Bro) Ji' Weai-ne, Esq., M.L.A. ; Brb. Ji' Hurley, Esq.; ' 'M1L.A.' ; !Bro.;- Johrif Davis,- Bro. Sperir,' Btfoi George Paxton, and many other influeritial citizens. After the audience had sung the National' Anthem, the Grand Chaplain, the Rev. Dr. M/Gibbon) offered up prayer in accordance with the rules of the institution. ' The Worshipful) Grand, Master, S. S). Goold, Esq.,. then arose amid fclieers, and said :— "I shall, content myself Avith saying a very few Ayords to yoii about the present position and power of the Orange Institution in the Old country and in Ncav South Wales. lamina, position to inform yon that the Orange Institu tion in the old country is in, a very liealthy aud prosperous condition. You that feel an interest in political matters, connected Avith the . old country, Avill be aAvare that ,thc Orange Institu tion has of late made its poAver and influence felt in the political Avorld to such an extent, as not only to surprise its enemies, but even to surprise its warmest supporters, (Cheers. ), If; England at the present time can .boast of a good Parliament— if that Parliament. can/ bpast'.qf a good Ministry — if that Ministry can .boast of a good leader, tlicy afe niaii'd'y," 'if not wholly,1 in debted to the Orange Tifstitufion for such great ) blessing's. (Cheers.) liaVp/'reaa/jlvith ) yrirv considerable satisfaction and' pleasure aricV pride in the Btjfant Brem of tlie llfji April, the report of a 'very large meeting' held /to "celebrate the! victoi-y they had achieved' ' iri/eohriectipu Avith the late election. ' Ainorig the speakers present aa'as the great "\Villiani Jbhustori. ' (Cheers.)1 I call him great because he is a man of great mind, a man of great talents, a man of great poAyers of: speech, and best of all, lie/ btings these great powers, .to bear "in) the right direction./ That gentleman, when addressiug that very large meeting/in one part of .his speech gave expres sion to his feelings in the folloAving Avords— ' I stand here for the second, time -as your repre sentative, feeling in my ' very, heart that ' the victory you are met . together to celebrate is mainly, if not Avholly, 'dve to' the Orange Institu tion.' (Cheers.) ' Without' Orange organisa tion,' said that great man, ' and without Orange enthusiasm that certainty of victory Avliich beats in every heart from first to last Avould not have been felt. There Avas not a single doubt from the coinmencement iri tlie lieaft of any Orangeman but that victory would attend the banner of tlie Orange and the Blue.' / And gentlemen, Avliat has been accomplished in the old country can just as easily he accomplished in. New South Wales, provided avc, as members of tlie Institu tion, display the same wisdom and Avork to gether in the same spirit of unity. (Hear, hear.) All must admit that a great change is necessary' in reference to political matters in this colony, and I feel, as the Grand Master of the Institu tion, that Ave shall be Avanting in the discharge of our duty if Ave do not make our poAver and influence felt, Avlien the proper time comes, to the same extent that the Institution made its poAver and influence felt in the old country. Those who imagine that Ave are getting careless, and that we are losing our zeal, and that the number of our members is decreasing, are miserably mistaken. (Cheers.) ' The Orange Institution in Ncav South Wales never occupied a prouder position than it does at the present time. We have uoav about 100 lodges. We have Orange lodges iu every importaiit town ship throughout the eoloriy, and in the farthest interior we ' have lodges far from any toAvnship, tlie . member? baying to trayel 30 or 40 miles to be present, arid yet they are scarcely bver absent from tlie lodge meetings. And there .are in this meeting to-night 'some members of the Institu tion /who' liaA'e travelled. upAv;a,kds of 200 miles in order to be with us at this 'celebration. (Great cheering.) Why, the large attendance Avith which ' Ave were favoured ' yesterday, -aud the large attendance here to-night, ' is a' clear evi dence to my mind that: there are hundreds and thousands 'outside of the Institution who are, nevertheless,' sympathising with us... I can' only say to sucli— If you love your Bible,' if yon prize your civil "and religious liberty,' y'ou, ought to come forAvard arid join1 the 'oily'' 'organization in' existence for the preservation and protection of such liberties. (Great' ch&rih.;) '/ ' . 1 ' ' . j , Dr.. M 'Gibbon responded ,tb' the call of /the Chairman by rising and spciikirig as tolloAA's'V— " Worsliipful Grand , Master, Brethren' and Friends— I aril very sorry that to-night we suffei; somewhat 'from' 'the very 'same cause Jof 'com-, plairit which /was, made 1 at labt 'celebration)' and that is . the' . constant walking ' 'and/the constant talking /outside, bf 'the'circle' '' Of /those' wli'o f hate come/for the purpose of "listening' tp/tli'e. mupie /ariibcVldresseri./. There are persons outside of/this sacred. 'circle'r:-forl'I suppose Ave are''here/as"a sacked' j'circle'-who seeiri ,to hriye .little /interest it! what',AJe are saying Or, whrit'we iire! doing, ''and tljey s&ein.to; have, conie fori the pubp'ose /simply of pfbriiehadirig?/ with'out/thc slightest' interest in the celebration/' 'Noav I think it is; very, 'qoin- ' fqrtable'tb realise .that 'Ave' are'withiri'a/'.' sacred (circle;" There are'malhy circles' of a;sacred'kirid Of which I could speak,' biit.r'seh'tb'tb'ai'e ;feoirie ariiorigst us who/ do', not' know' anything 'of the' secret of those 1) s'acrp'd' 'circlhsi".;ond'tliei(e- (Qra.it"(vojild riot'jib/toTet thern into the secret. (Laughtei'. ) ' .Wc wiir./the'refor'e' pass1 over' all about'thosc sacred /circles) arid jrist f eel driyselves 'as'/ co'mfprtable as '.possible, p'omb'Td-getliei to- liight,' as, T believe, 'Aije'' all' 'lire) Avith one heart and /soiil for the1 pritpose' /df/.'celebratirig('(that great event in the history) 'of put country,' which oiight to 'bo held iril'eveilasting'vemembrarice. (Hear) bear, and; applause/ j ' ' \Ve are here to- Inighij'.on' the 13th /July)' for .the purpose. 'of 'celebrating ari event which ls!said: to have taken ' pllice'ori the 12th of July ;/qrid' )pn the ' I2th of /July)' yesterday, ;we cblebi/aited jihat 'event ,in a 'ratiiirial 'and Christian 'manner,' to "'Avhieh:1 1 believe no exception, can be taken, and' yetiu ! tlie leading jonrnal' of New'jjbuth Wales riot the slightest ' referenbe to the"fact can be. foiirid'in tlie issue of that mprning'. ! ' ' If/ there' liad been yesterday a celebration iri St.'vMary's' for the purpose of giving sorrib niari' an ,old sword (li'ear, hear alri'dlaughter), or for the purpose bf sticking 'oh him a piece of red ribbon— not'a'ribb'ori of this'kiri.. (pointing to his :regalia),'<arid-if t|iere ' had been the putting 'upon hiriipf an eiglit-sided crOss, ' there would haA'e 'been' .this '.mbrnirig a /piece/as long as my le» (laughter) iri the leading journal of. New South vVales ; but because, for- sboth/ the Orange Institution resolved to' hold upon tlie 12th of July a celebration in a religious kervicri (arid J' believe in siich a manner that' ho .exception 'could be taken to it on th'e/part/'of ' Christian1 men), there is this 1 morning not the slightest "reference to the fact. I think that Orangemen should remember such ' a fact mi d 'bear it 'in mindthe right way. (Hear, 'bear.)' But Ave did celebrate that great event yesterday, and we are here to-night to celebrate it again in this manner, to speak about the facts, and also to ) r ,,i iTb( — ... . . I 'heius iiatibnal arid 'patfiotic songs) to/ f/eyive "aiid j | sustain/ in' our hearts our patrio.tisin?; and' our) JseAv South lyelshism. (Hear,' lieair)' anil /cheers. ) : Now we are here to/night as 'coririectedj with' tlie j 0i;ange)rustituti6h, and there are riiany /amongst j us) I 'believe/' who '.are not .cbiiriepted' Avitiilit, I but whp'.are jupt. waiting, and th'inking wljethbrj or not they vill.sonie ,day in t their rlot'.' ' Tlicy | are standing out, , and they are,(asking '//CAhrit' al)oiit;tiese iqeri ?" arid waiting to, se)e'.. whether) thei-.e aa'ill not coriie out the sliaae or tlie shadbhrj of liibOdahorit which, so' mrich is spotpriJ1h5/ lthe! enemy '; hiit tlipre will not eome', put ariy' shade) or sli'adowvof such a thing. .. (ar,'heat;)(':. We afe/hete as men of peace, arid I tnirik' we '.are' here ' also as. irieii of, war. W e are here fpr.'tlie purpose of ' carrying' on a great 'moral, spiritual, /aricL it inay' 'be political Avar) hut at, the sariie f tnrib tye mri here for )tlib. piirpogfj'pf carryirig.pri fcji'at'wJri.'ri legitiriiate ) nianue'r. ' , I say ,ori iriy ' own arid'on b.eliidf of lriy.bre'thren who. ,arp in/the riiinistfy of the Gospel, avc are here' as men/' of /peace /and yet for/the purpose of carrying ' oil and waging a .glorious wiir, liopni'g thereby to gaiii a glorious victory.1 (Hear, hear, and' cheers. )/, Nowspiiie; persons Aiull /ask, " For what purpose dos ./tlie l praiigb' institution exist?" I helieye1 dliat this is' a question Avhicli a great many are, putting) therefore I intend ' in the few. '. minutes ' (and I am rather afraid I: sliaU'exceed the tiriie allotted to' me, (cries of go on)— I intend to answer iii a few' words' tlie reason why) the' Orauge Institution exists. /' Arid; ' first of all, I say, the Orange Institution exists: for the purpose of friendly intercourse between j those who. are, its members. " We 'are all friends! who are in this. Institution, and because Ave are friends we Avant friendly intercourse and) recog nition; arid I should like to kuoAV who has a. right to stand betAveeri friends. " The veiy fact! that we are friends establishes oiir right to have such an institution. We are. here' as friends, arid when ; we meet in our lodges Ave meet' as friends and as brethren. You Avill see there the Church of England man, youAvillsce there the Pres byterian, yoii avIH see there the Baptist, you Avill ' see there tlie Wesleyan ; and Avliile outside and in our churches Ave have our differences, in tlie Orange Lodge Ave knoAV none. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) We are here therefore as friends, and Ave take pleasure in the society of friends. There is a kind of society, you knoAV, called the "Society of Friends, " hut they are called qualcers (laugh ter.) Noav we never quake, (laughter and hear, hear,) and Ave are resolved never to quake (loud cheers), and yet although avc are not Quakers, Ave arc, nevertheless, a society of friends, arid I say, that being a society of friends, Ave have a right to maintain our society and our friendship. (Hear, hear. ) Noav, I have another reason. The Society or Institution of Orangeism exists for the encouragement in its members of their Protest antism, arid for the" maintenance among tlieiri of Protestant principles. They Avisli to understand these principles fully ; and I say, that for this purpose they meet in their lodges, time after time — for the purpose of impressing one another more and more Avith the importance and value of those commrin principles Avhicli tlicy maintain and' believe.' Is it not riglit, that believing in Protestant principles, they should meet together for the purpose of instructing one another more and more in these principles, so iriforniirig them selves. by their intercourse Avith one another, arid by tlie instructions tlicy receive in the principles Avliich tliey uphold, in these meetings of the lodges? Is it not fight to meet that thereby they may strengthen themselves and build themselves up in the knoAvledge of their principles ? 1 Then again, in tlie third place, the Orange'l nstitution ; exists to cause the Avider diffusion of Protestant ism. We believe, as Protestants, that Protestaiit principles are the truth). W e believe that, Christi- aiiity is Protestantism, and' that Protestantism ' is Christianity ; , and' because we believe this Ave consider it .'our bounded duty to do all iri our power to extend the' knoAvledge of those prin ciples ; arid) besides, because union is strength, therefore, , 'we as Orarigenien are united and banded ' together for tlie purpose ofrixferidirig ' the knoAvledge' which ' we hold to be the divirie truth-j-the religion of Jesiis— the Gospel revealed iri the Sbriptrire unto salvation. I/take it' that it'is thb solemn' duty of) every mari"Ayho/helieves 'the truth,/ arid Avlio believes tliat' 'Protestantism is the truth, that he sliould'.umte/vvith tliose wljo haAm'/the' /same 'opinion, 'in '"order that ) . their 'pi-iriciplqs rii'ay Be wider knOAAUV'arid the power of ''th'em' riiay be' gfeatly "exteiid'ed. ) For this fea'son /it1 is Ave still' .maintain 'our 'distinctive . position/ arid our position' as' ari ..institution. Tliori 'again,' rive exist as a Protestant" institution for' the, exercise bf legitimate inflrierice'ripOii'thc 'riphtical pbsition and institutipris of the couriify; "I bay that every Christian man is a patriot',' arid bcPause lie is a patriot lie is bound by all' means 'in his1 poAver to influence' the politibal position ari'd action Of his country. No riian lias'ri right to leave .this great ' duty to others; It is the hpurid'en drity, I hold, of every maii Avho'. is in- Itelligerit, who has' a sound heart, and who 'is 'indeed'a patriot— I believe in my soul that it-is the bourideri duty of every man Avhb lias'ririelv a patriotic heart to do all in his poAver to influence the character of the institutions of 'his country, and' hecanse, that is so wejas an institution leixist; antl intend 'to", exist. ' Aud then again ' Ave exist "as an 'Orange Institution for the) purpose '/of maintaining the liberties Avhieh ' we' .enjoy."1 1 Avould like to know if the opposite side' had their oaa'ii Avay, i'f rive should ever be permitted tp haVb sucli a meeting as this. (Cries of; No ! 'No' !);,'' Is 'there' any (country in which Roriianis'm prevails Vhich'.giveS to its people, eATen its R'oriian Cafh'or lie people) the) liberty to meet arid to sp)e'ak;' arid to'erijoy 'theiriselves as we do' tb-hight. ' (Cti'es ' of No !"No !j ' I' say, No ; thefef is'rio1 siibh'thijig , , known ;' biikiri'Protcstarit cduritfies suoh" things ' ' are .natural) 1 arid because it is 'so' we as a Protest ant institution' meet' together for tb'e'purjipse 'of .hhairitaining, 'defeiiding, and ext'eridirig al the liberties which avc enjoy. (Hear) ; briar,' find ' cheers;1) Thcii L'say' again, Ave'exit'fqrthepiir- . pose of legitimately opposing) ''lesSenirig; land ' ovefthroAvin'g ,the" Avithering) " dbadenirig, arid soul-destroying influence which Home fnhy'exer- 'cisje upon, jour, country. We are a Protestant country, and because we' are , sucli Ave ought to be resplvecl and Ave are resolved) Ave are u jiitbd together for that 'purpose, to resist' to the utmost Avhat Ave believe Avould be destructive to the best interests of our country— Avliat Ave believe /avouIA destroy theAvliole character of our country. And as soon as our character as a Protestaiit country is gone, so soon our interests must fail, and ultimately our country recede from the prominent position Avhieh she has over all the w6tlfl-ieceae:irito"j4!gnjdl; tliirS», rate, a/keiith rate, kihgtlom) - instead rif "occuriyftig tlib -first position in the Avhole world, (Hear, hear, and applause.) Now I have exhiiusted my quarter of an hour. I am beyond my fifteen minutes (cries of Gb on !) but E wanted to say these.things in order that the people may know that we are hear for a legal, a loyaly and a loving purpose. We are not here for the. purpose of(1 doing any- , hody/y/'haiin, brit/fdr tnri putpose of pr event- 'iiig. ;'jiriy persori., frpriP/dbing ris1- hhrrii'. .''fHear, lifer) )', We arc iiot hei'le to disturb £tHgiytnrtlie /enjoinerit of/ tliep:! 'rights)/ but) we1 'ate hete'Tori ;tiib /purpose of' takirig''crire! that ribbody fehall ,'dis'turb'us ;.aricl because'dvare'Here tbrriight oil .'the giotijous '12th, that 'is/bii 'the 13th'(laiighter), to .celeb fate /tlie glorious" 12th,- vfe' will' put 'the two days together and say— Long livri'the 12th J uly, and' long live the 1 3th too,' ' in 1 Celebration of tiie action of ti Great Man) whose riairie ought to b.ri held in grateful remembrance ' -by every Orririgenian qrid every Protestant,' , After all, he is deserying'to be honored as Kjrig "\Yilliain III. of, pious meiri'ory. ' (Loud cheers.')' .,)) )' The Chairniau then called uporithe " ' 1 ' /' Rev. ' Jpsepli; Barnier who said— Worshipful Grand /Master) ; and you, niy_ brethreri) of the Ofaiige 'Lodges. I feel. exceedingly grateful,1 in "rising to adclfes? you, to; your Grand Chaplain, Dr, McGibboii, who lias saved me tho/impossible task'of trying to be heard in this building/ I feel that if J Avere to attempt to speak for the quarter (of an hour, before I had done my'hekd'-iyvdtild fie as distracted as the people are who coirte'tb this building arid inake such a noise1 as that/the bth'ers 'do not knhw what' is going on. I am, ilier efole. very thankful that Dr. McGibbon hasdorib it 'so Avell. " At tlie same time Lam 'not sorry .''to be asked to speak here. I am not ashamed to show the 'Orange colors' in an Oraiige assembly. uThe Dr. has shown us the great necessity of an Insti tution' such as that to which Ave belong ; an Institution that bears uponits banner " Defence not defiance." An Institution for the purposes of peace — or else ministers of the Gospel of peace Avould not stand here. An Institution whose note is Avar, tliat is, the Avar of defence against the the organization of an alien poAver in the midst of the British possessions (hear, hear, and cheers, ) a power oAvmng allegiance, not to Eng land, or England's flag, or Queen, but an Institu tion Avliose recognised head in this colony, is one Avho has asserted — "I am .a Catholic first, and then an Englishman." I say the thanks of the community of New South Wales are due to that man who so nobly told us the heart that is Avitliiri him, and because lie has done so, I trust the Pro testants of New South Wales Avill rise and say — " We are Englishmen, we are the deseend- and of Englishmen, and Ave hold dear the faith of our fathers, " the history of our fathers and the liberties for which our martyred fathers bled arid died. (Hear, hear, and applause.) I say that this is tlie idea of tlie Orange Institution. I krioAv no other Institution ; I know ho other idea ih it thari a collection of Christidiri'irieri. resolved to use all legitimate ' weapbris-TJ-the Aveaporis that our God has put into our hands to strive for that Avhieh our fathers . have died to Avin for lis.' It is said, Let the dead past bury its dead." Yes, let them bury their dead; ' Let the aniriiosity— let the evil , feeling — let the pas sion and the' religious bigotry" of' olden times fie buried in forgetfulness, but never let the princi ples for Avhieh our forefathers bled and died', "go down to oblivion.'' Shall Ave not cherish the friemory of the Boyne ? Shall Ave not 'cherish the! inemory of William of Orange ? Shall we not clierish the 'inemory ' of ; "the martyred dead ? Y es, and Avhile there ' are men to write, and men to speak/ and men to hear of ' noble deeds, arid while there' are hearts that throb in unison Avith the deeds of the mighty dead, the Orange Institution Avill live, and band down 'to our posterity the flag that Ave 'hold unsullied from thepri. ' (Hear, hear.) Sir, it is- said we soav intolerance in the community. We do riot soav intolerance in ' the community. Orangeisrii has/been' slandered, arid will be slandered again. We have unfurled the banner of .brave King William, aiid will, do' it1 again. A man that "stands rip for the right will always be a, mark 'for dirt, arid Orangeism1 it said is a mark for dir't/' Well, I tell you, We must cleanse the /flirt, 'from 'prangeisml'' ."We must put up our flag) and' have it so unsullied, as to defy its ene mies to say aught against it) except what can be said 'against' .every institution of human origin. 'Apart from 'the imperfections which 'attach 'to every thing human, .1 say 'that our flag), is- as iriisullied ris any other. While this floats in the breeze, Ave 'have nothing, to iear, if re\are true to oui- seh'es.ti Let'ris 'bri true to ourselves, 'let us/cherish the. meiriory of the mighty dead, 'let" ris reiriemiier the battle of the Boyrie, 'a'ndi the men who' fought it. Irishmen will ' eA;er' remember the battle of the Boyne, and so' Avill Eriglishmeri, for the battle' fought on Irish ground was for British liberties) L' (Hear, hear) 'and applause.) It iiad/beeri1. said that Orangeism is/ a meeting of men of all/clasfees. Yes ; and that is'oneof the blessings of 'Orange- isiri.". lit breaks' doAyri the prejudices oFcountty ' and eiiste — the orange arid the blriP,) the' 'orange arid the green— for Pat /may unite (with ), the Scotchman, and the 1 Englishmen ' as well) arid be as goofl a man1 ris 'river,/ sincri hri' is a brother Orririgemaril 1 We are rill brethreri iri Orarigriisin, arid L trust that we' shall be 'brethren in' the ' God of; Orangeinrin too. 'Although . I do', riot ' ''altogether .agree with 'the religious' service //of ' yesterday, ' still I dis agree with1 the idea; of; it, that ' is) "to acknowledge that God is the. Gofl'/of 1 battles, that' He is the God of natirins, arid 'in the Couririil cliainber, and on the battle-field in'the "vririQus everits'that go to raise of 'depress :eriipires — God isrin it "all'.' ;'" God' and 'history . ought ever fo be written on tlie' bannrir of Orririgeirifn, and God defend tlie right," and'itis'hricririsehe has'dorie it in old times thrit we as the worsliippers "of /tlie living God this' night) ricknpwledge Hirii 'in this, rind thus link Avith our'meiriories Bf the 12th )'July the thanksgiving to the Lord of 'Hosts', the ' God.' of battles. . (Hear, hear.) I feel that the sirigers Avill occupy your attention, rind" please your ears far better than I can, therefore I con clude by saying — Be true Orangemen,' be true to yourselves, andthebestAvecan do is to betrueto the principles of Orangeism as laid down iii' your books. Wc are not afraid of our books being 1 read, — not a bit. I Avould circulate far and wide the books in aa'liich are printed the Constitution, laws, and principles of Orangeism, arid defy any - i one to find fault Avith them. Because there is a black sheep in the flock shall Ave say all the flock i is bad ! Away Avith sucli nonsense ! Because i you get a bad coin, will you empty your pockets ??«'. vbi"! .u j; jiuoilT .0; «'" .rim-i''1 -H of all .the goo.disUv.er ?i> Yeu!,willyolue tlio: good ilII the more when.you> discover -that, the bad; iis an irnitation' of . it. Ifj iti'vyereiJiOt good, .nqfone would take the; trouble. to . imitate. it ; -..and it is-hm cause aU people limitate.the good.thatwe value; it the .more. , LotOrangemen betbe best citizens, the best husbands) the. best fathers,! the most admired men, the; wisest men ;. let them be the jyery staff" and stay, of the- community, .and; : our enemies being judges, the" Orange flag ishall pass unsullied from us to ourdescendants.- ; (Cheers.) . TheRev. R., Sellors '-then addressed: the meet ing as follows. W. G. M. , and Ladies and Gentle- men-r!-I feej. afraid that.; the; large ; number in this audience this evening will not liaye the pleasure of listening tome, some of them because they will not remain silent Awhile I apeak )and I. do. feel yery sorry-that the command of theG.M. of the Orange Institution, , and the.earnest.request of the Grand Chaplain, do/not ;carry greater .weight- to. those who are outside. Under yery favourable circumr stances we are met this evening, ;and with very grateful and joyous feeliggs. we celebrate the event which-, has- br.ought .ua; together, and pur feelings are noneit.he, less joyo?.is-.w;hen we look at the position 'ivhiph. vye.iopcupy; to-'day- - Indeed ; we should betraitorato our Protestant principles, and unworthy descendants pf ournoble ancestors, if we did not recognisei the hand of God in.the privileges wliieli: we .enjoy to-day as the fruit to a very large extent, of, itlie ! Revolution.. of 1688. (Hear, hear. ) And; then. G;M., ,we are invited, and earnestly -requested, f ,tp part with these pri vir leges, and the promise is given to us of something better. What!, in the words of that grand old Hebrew, Nabotli,, we say, " The Lord forbid it, that 1 should sell unto thee the inheritance1 of . my fathers." Wo will- not doiit; ; Tlie love which we have for the men who have passed away, and the desire for the good of those who have to follow us, arise up to forbid our parting with these liberties which we enjoy to-day. Wo are deter mined by all lawful means to retain them in their fulness and in their entirety. We are determined to resist every attempt to rob ns of them. (Hear, hear. ) What change is there in the principles of Popery that we should cease to speak of the errors of Rome and of tlie assumptions of the Pope ? What acts in the past history of the Papacy do we find condemned by the Papacy of to-day? Is it not, I say, the boast of Popery that she is un changeable, -always -the same? True, there were, some time ago— not very long ago; a number of men in London who entered into a cor! respondence in the leading journal of England, and who referred to the massacre on Sti Bartholo mew's Day in Paris, and who had the audacity to state that the Romish Church repudiated the act. Whereas, no sooner did intelligence reach -'Rome of the massacre of tlie-Protestants than it was recognised- by the Popish Church, so that tlie very action of that Churcli contradicted the statement of these very men; And /have Tfre. rio right to speak on these matters, to-day .? Do we not re member, you loyal .Protestant men -and woirien, do you not remember .in oneiof tlie.- letters of the Pope to the Emperor William he said, that all who had been baptised iriisome way; belong to him? Is it so ? I. say no.!.. (Cries of '.' No;") Do we ' belong .to a church that, sanctioned. the massacre on St. Bartholomew's )Day ? (Cries of No;") No'; not a bit of it !. Our motto : still, is; " No Surrender !" (Heal, hear, Valid great cheering.) Why, Worshipful Grand Master, .the nations of Europe are groaning' under the burden' of the Papacy--— (hoar, hear)— and some- of 'tliem are determined to carryr.it/ri'o' longer. ; And shall England — England that . has . had freedom /from this burden for. centuries' .past — shall ' England bear it.again'.op her back?' (Cries of." No, no." Nothing of the kind. I f What of Ireland,, beauti ful Ireland ?— (hear, . hear)— the . Emerald Isle ? What of Ireland ?: >Why, .she ..groans to-day under tlie load of .the. Papacy " Ireland- has a future,?' says one.of .the' great authorities of the Church of Rome.. . There is'a Tuturei for : Ire land," he says,. a grand ;i future, ( a. brilliant future for Ireland;... iliet her retrace her steps hack to the ; siinple. customs as received. in the first ages of tlie . .Cliristiau: > era.i: Let Ireland strike and ignore tlie .authority, of Rome — (hear, hear) — and there .is 'a future- for Ireland; a grand future for Ireland. !'. > And .what off . Rome ?, Have we;no interest in. Rome? , Why, - Roiue is- sacred .ground to us to-;day): i: Christians, i esteeming, the Bible, believing., its!, -authority,.: have'; we > .rip interest in tlie Eternal. City .of . Rome? '.-.Can we think of the'- noble! men, aud' women who: .were inombers of -the Christian Church in iRomeWlien St.' Paul sent liis icpistle-tb that church :by .the hand of good sister-. Phoebe, and'/statej that: 'we have no interest in. Rome? .i C'aniwetliinkpf the thousands and tens of thousands of ; godly, Imen and women who went to- heaven to wear the martyr's crown, under the Treigii! pf jtlioi Pagart 'Emperors, of "Rome, aiid'.'say that1 we "have rib interest in Rome ?.,, Can, >y -think all. .those noble men who, since rthe/jFterpj'jGifcy.Ijas .passed into the hands of tlie Fope' hqye .been tortured or put to death there,- aid sW.'tlrat' we 'haye no interest in Rome ?" AWi'oii'tside'iof 'Jerusalem, outside -of certajhl'cities iiilcL 'Villages jn Palestine, there is no'bfiii'this viid.e'ifrorid ;of ours so dear to the Ghristian heart -is' the ciW .of jdome). (Hear,- hear.) We- hear 6Lthdgraiiu d, prisoner now. (Laughter.-) 7.There"was')'!i gr.-uid old prisoner in -Roine;;mvd',,th'd,t;raiid' old .prisoner (Paul) wrote six, or seveh ofdiiS'pistles '1-oin the' city of Rome. Luke',seut'lub.<,ActrS of rtlie"' Apostles from Rome ; Mark,l.'"rweJhre'tbld, .wrote his Gospel in Rome) so'that alihost orie- jtliird of the sacred books of -the'New Testament Ljvere written in Rome. Havew0,;therefore|'be- iieying iri the common salvation) ho' interest iii Rome ? .'."We have the-deepestinteresrihi Reni<i. 'Would to God that -all 'the 'minds 'and diearts held togfe'tlior by the teachings 6f tho.Popes wOfe hiit- enlightened by Divine truth, and'filled-with thq-love ; of Jesus ! Then \ye should riiar'cli to the conquest of the world: ' What do ive- wish for. our Roman Catholic brethren ? 1 Not 'tlie loss of-:. a single life, not the loss j of', a siiigle' -liberty which we enjoy. There' stands' 'the -'tree" of liberty. 'Our noble fathers under- 'Cod 'planted it.;' They watched its growth 'with the 'greatest e'aro. They died in tlie protection of . tliat sacred tree.. Under its shade, my brethren and' sisters, we sit to-night. (Hear, hear.)' Its golden fruit falls into our lap, and gladdens our Protestant homes. Let it grow, we say. Men come arid look at it. _ They say it obstructs the way. Nothing of the kind. Let it grow wo say, do not take off one branch. Let it grow and send its branches up to heaven, let its branches spread far and. wide, and let its fruit be scattered by every wind. You may sit under it — Ave say to our Roman Catholic friends—but touch it. not. (Hear, bear, and ; : ! 1 1 b-i/iln! vha.-. !i:\ --in itjo pheers.-;) Woodman;, spare-, that .tee,»- ;Let its fruit. of libertyrr-liberty of , thought— liberty of iildgment-Trliberty by-i which we ipreserve invio- late the, sanctity-of . our. Protestant, homes, and read our- English) Bible and; teiach our children to .love and to reverence itr j Let it, grow, we say, ;till-it fills, the whole earth with its blessings. (Loud cheers.), 'i (- (! t!y- 1 _ .The Grand: | Processioni. of; brethren, in then regalia, ,was then formed- on tlie Westom, side of the building. 'The German! Band took, the lead.- Then came Bro. Alexander, the founder of, the -Institution in New South., Wales, sup ported on' his :right.;and. left, respectively, by Bro. Captain Davey, and Bro. Lieut. ,Wallcott, of No, 4 Company, S. B. V. Rifles, folloaved by ,tlie W.G.M., that, veteran Orangeman, Avortliy Bro. McGuffin, occupied a conspicuous place in the .foremost ranks. , - . ..All being ready, j, Bro. R. McCoy, ;P.G.M., gave the. order, and the Avhole procession,, num bering about 1000, marched off to , the. Ijine;. of the Protestant Boys." The - brethren walked four , times round, the building, at each round giving) volleys of kmtish fire, and;at the tliird and fourth,, three lusty plieers for the Queen. . . ;:- Much credit is! due .to tlie IJ.G.M., the -O.S., the D.G.S., and to Bros. Mackenzie and Brown for the satisfactory .arrangement of the, proces sion, &c.; During, tlie formation of ;tlie , ranks; Mr. ,iT.,:W. /Craven 'played iselections , on ; the Grand Orgari. 1 1 i, A . . : 1 r 