Iptstowal THE JESUITS. V - CHACTEB IL Btn.1' OF 0UH1NT XIV. FOB THK 8upfbkssion AND BXTiHOnOir OF TDK SOCIETY OF the JESUITS. 20\. So far, however, were all these meaaeres from restraining; the clamours and complaints against the Society, that or the contrary al most the whole world was filled more than ever with most annoying debates concerning the «ivtKuwg; in tuc at'ucuy) nuiuu vciv uiuit accused, of being opposed to the orthodox faith and to good morals. Internal and external dis- aentions also broke out ; and accusations were brought more frequently than ever aganst the Society, especially for its extreme eagerness to obtain worldly property. From all which i rr /. ; ; ,/- mp" "rp ... originated both those well-known disturbances which caused such distress and annoyance to the Holy See, and also the designs which many princes formed against the Society. It happened, therefore, that when this Society wished to obtain from Pope Paul V., our prede cessor of happy memory, a new confirmation of its institution 'and ' its privileges, it was com pelled to entreat him to ratify and confirm by its authority the decrees issued in 'the fifth general congregation of the Order, and inserted word for word in his Bull of September 4, 1606 : in which decrees it is most distinctly stated that partly internal quarrels and disturbances amongst the members, and partly the com plaints and demands of outsiders against the Society, had compelled the members assembled in regular congregation to pass the following statute : 21\. " Since our Society, which was raised up by God for the propagation of the faith and the salvation of souls, is able, by the use of the appropriate instruments of its constitution, which are spiritual weapons, to attain success fully under the banner of the Cross, , with benefit to the Church and profit to others, that end which it aims at, soon the other hand it would hinder these blessings, and, would ex pose itself to the greatest dangers, if it were to engage itself upon secular things, and matters belonging to politics and civil government : therefore it lias been most wisely ordained by our predecessors that we, as the soldiers of God, should not meddle with matters which are inconsistent with our profession. As however, especially in these very dangerous days, : our Order, perhaps through the fault, of some mem bers, and their ambition or indiscreet zeal, is badly reported of in many places and among many princes (the maintenance of love and charity with whom our father Ignatius of blessed memory considered to be part of our obedienco to God) ; and as, on the eontrary, a good savour of Christ is necessary in order to bring forth fruit, the congregation has decreed that we ought to abstain from all appearance of evil, and, as far as may be, should redress com plaints even when they are founded on false suspicions. Wherefore by the present decree, it (the Society) sternly and strictly forbids all our members from mingling in public concerns of this kind, even if they be invited to do so, or induced by any consideration, but that they should not by any prayers or entreaties be diverted from the purpose of their institution. What further efficacious remedies were to be ap plied as was necessary to this disease, the Society left to he acccurately determined and defined by the fathers who were appointed to define them." 22\. We have observed with the greatest grief, that both the aforesaid and many other subse quently applied remedies have had almost ho virtue or efficacy in removing and dissipating these numerous and great disturbances, accusa tions, and complaints against the Society, and that our other predecessors have laboured in vain upon this, viz., Urban VIII., Clement IX. X. XI. and XII., Alexander VII. and VIII., Innocent X. XI. XII. and XIII., and Benedict XIV., who endeavoured to restore much-needed peace to the Church, by the publication of many most wholesome constitutions, both about their serious dissensions and quarrels with the ordinaries of the places where they lived, with the regular orders, with pious places and com munities of every kind in Europe, Asia, and America, to the great loss of souls, and to the withdrawal of the approbation of the people from the Society ; also concerning their teach ing, and their universal employment, in some places, of heathen rites, instead of those which the Universal Church had duly sanctioned ; or concerning their use and interpretation of cer tain maxims which the Holy See deservedly condemned as scandalous, and plainly prejudical to good morals; or, in short, about other matters of the greatest importance, and indis pensably necessary for restoring, protecting and preserving, the purity of Christian doctrines, and from which, in our age as much as any other, have proceeded very great annoyances, inconveniences, and even disturbances, in many Catholic regions, and persecutions of the Church in several provinces of Asia and Europe. Accordingly great grief was occasioned to our predecessors, and amongst them to Pope Inno cent XI. of pious memory, who felt himself compelled to proceed so far as to interdict the Society from receiving novices to wear the dress of the Order; and Pope Innocent XIII., who was compelled to threaten the same penalty against the Society; and at length Pope Bene dict XIV. of recent memory, who resolved upon a visitation of the houses and colleges in the dominions of our dearest and most faithful son in Christ, Joseph King of Portugal and Algarve ; but neither comfort to the. Holy See, nor help to the Societiy, nor good to the Christian commonwealth came afterwards from the most recent apostolical letters, which (to use a term employed by our predecessor Gregory X. in the aforesaid 'General Council of Lyons) were ex torted, rather than obtained, from our immediate predecessor Clement XIII. of happy memory, by which the institution of the Society of Jesus is highly commended and once more approved; 23\. After so many and so great storms and most, hitter tempests, every good man hoped that at length that most blessed day would dawn which should bring tranquility and peace in abundance. But whilst the same Clement XIII. our predecessor held the See of Peter, fat more difficult. and more troublous times arrived. For, the charges and complaints against the aforesaid' Society daily increasing, and moreover, there having arisen in many places most danger ous'1 seditions, tumults,1 divisions, scandals, which, the bond of Christian charity being shaken and entirely destroyed, terribly stirred up the minds of the faithful into factions, hatred, and ' enmity, tlie matter seemed to be brought to such a dangerous crisis, that those very persons,' whose ancestral piety and whose liberality to1 the Society transmitted, as it were, by a sort of hereditary right from their ances tors, is supremely praised by all, I mean our dearest sous iu Christ the kings of France, Spain, Portugal and the Two Sicilies, were com pelled to dismiss and expel the members of the Society from their kingdoms territories, and provinces ; convinced that tlie.v had no other remedy left for so many evils than this last and absolutely , necessary one, to prevent Christian people from attacking, provoking and tearing ieacH other to'pieceS -iJi-Hhe very bosom of the Holy Mother Churoh.' - 24\. Our aforesaid most dearly beloved sons in Christ, feeling assured that thi8 remedy could not be' 'relied' upon to tend to ; the reconciliation of the universal Christian' 'Church, unless the Society were entirely And ' thoroughly extinguished and Utterly suppressed; they accordingly made known their desires ana wishes to our predecessor, the aforesaid Clement XIII., and with all possible authority, prayers and' entreaties, desired him by that niost effectual step of suppressing them to' irtake provision for the perpetual security of their subjects, and the good of the whole Church. The death of that Pope, however, which oc curred so unexpectedly, put an entire stop to the progress of this| matter and its' accomplish ment. In consequence when we, by the dispensation of Goa's mercy, were 'elevated to this chair of Peter, the same entreaties, requests and prayers were made to us, and to these were added the wishes and judgements of itaany bishops and other men most distinguished for rank, learning and piety. 25\. In order, however, that, in a matter so serious and so momentous, we might adopt the safest plan, we decided that it was necessary to employ a considerable space of time, not only for the purpose of inquiring carefully, weighing deliberately, and 'deciding wisely : but also that, with many groanings and prayers without ceasing, We might ask the Father of lights for His special help and protection ; in which prayer we took care that we should be frequently assisted before God with the prayers ana pious works of all the faithful. Amongst other questions we determined most thoroughly to examine what ground there was for the opinion so widely entertained that the religious Order of the Society of Jesus had l.een with special solemnity approved and confirmed by tne Council of Trent ; and we ascertained that all that had been enacted on this point in the Council was simply this : that the Society had been exempted from the general decree which provided in the case of the other regular orders, that after a definite interval of novitiate the novices who had been found fit should either be admitted to profess, or should be dismissed from their monastery. Accordingly, that Holy Council (Session 25, Cap. 16) decided that they were unwilling to make any changes,"' or to prohibit the aforesaid Order of the clergy of the Society of Jesus from serving God and His Church in accordance with their own pious regulations, approved by the Holy Apos tolic See. 26\. Having employed, therefore, all these necessary means ; being assisted, we trust, by the presence and inspiration of the Holy Ghost, impelled also by the necessity of our office,' by which we are most strictly bound, as far .as our strength permits, to procure, to cherish and to strengthen the quiet and tranquility of the Christian commonwealth, and to take utterly away from the midst of it everything which may be eveii of the smallest injury to it ; and having moreover perceived that tlie aforesaid Society of Jesus could no longer produce those abundant and profitable results and advantages for which it had been founded, and- had been approved by so many of our predecessors, and endowed with so many privileges, but that, on the contrary, it seemed difficult, if not im possible, for any true and lasting peace to be restored to the Church so long as it continued to exist. Therefore, being persuaded by these very weighty arguments, and induced by other reasons, which the maxims of prudence and the good 'government of the Universal Church suggest to us, and which we keep treasured up in our bosom, following the example of our our predecessors, and especially of Gregory X. our predecessor, at the General Council of Lyons, when, as at present, the question referred to the origin and the privileges of a Society which was ranked among the number of the mendicant orders, We, after mature counsel, with certain knowledge, and by the plenitude of the apostolical poiver, extinguish and suppress the aforesaid Society ; we remove and abrogate all and singular its offices, ministries and adminis trations, its houses, schools, colleges, hospitals, and all places belonging to it, in whatever province, kingdom and territory they are situated, and in whatever manner they belong to it : its statutes, practices, customs, decrees, constitutions, even if they have been confirmed by oaths, by apostolical sanction, or in any other manner; likewise all. and singular its privileges and indulgences, whether general or .special, the tenor of which we wish to be con sidered as fully and sufficiently set forth in this present Bull, as if they were inserted word for word, notwithstanding any formulre or clauses to the contrary, and with whatever obligations and decrees they may be expressed. And there fore we declare to be for ever void and. utterly extinct all and every authority of the General, the Provincials, the visitors, and all, other superiors of the aforesaid Society, as well _ in spirituals, as in temporals; and that jurisdiction and authority we transfer vyholly and, entirely to the ordinaries of the several places, according to the manner, circumstances and persons, and under the conditions which we shall presently specify ; prohibiting, as by these presents we do prohibit, any one from being received after this into the. aforesaid Society, and being admitted to wear their dress or, to pass their novitiate, and those who have heeu admitted we prohibit from being received to make valid profession of their vows, whether simple or solemn, under tlie penalty of the nullification of their, admission and profession, and whatever other punishment we choose to inflict. " Further more we wish; order, and command . that those who have now finished their novitiate education, be forthwith, at once immediately and effectually dismissed ; and in like manner we forbid those who have made , profession of the simple vows, but are not yet advanced to any holy orders, to.be advanced to these orders on the excuse or ground of the profession that they have already made in the Society, or of any privileges be stowed on the Society in contravention of the decrees of the Council of Trent. ( To be continued. ) Ari'F.Ai,.— Rev. Dr. Barry thankfully acknow ledges tlie following additional sums for tlie ex tension of St. Matthias'.— By Mr. B. Soiling — Mr. Henerv, 5s; Mr. Marshall, '2s 6d ;Mr. Shep herd, 5s; Mr. Owen. 2s Cd; Mr. Moy, 5s; Mr. .Royal, 2s 6d; Mr. Soiling, 5s; Mr. Brookes 2s 6d — Total, £1 8s. Mr. B. Bain, 5s; P. Macgregor, 5s;J. K. O'Meagher, 5s; Thomas Quigley, 5s; H. Finch, 5s ;G. Thompson, 5s; G. Whitely 5s; A. Hagger, >6s; J." Johnson, Junr., As; W. Wil- kins, 58; A friend in' York-street, £1 ; W. Sans- ford, 5s; Mr. Hill, 5s; Mrs. W. Reilly, 5s; J. Thomas, 1 5s; J. Rogers, 5s; J. Thomas, 5s; T. Tholhas, <5s'; F. M'. ids; Mr. Dcnnington, 5s ; . R.' Blair, 5s; J.1 Thompson, Lithgow, 5s; J. Gadden, 108; R. Longfield, 5s; C. Bennett, 2s 6d; S. ' Tomlingson, 2s ' 6d; J. ' Wherry, 2s 6d; J. Ralph, 2s Gd; Mr.. New ton, 5s ; W. Hurst, 10s; .T. Hurst,- 10s ; Mrs. Cochrane ' per her late husband, £1 ; W.1 Kirkparrik, 10s; Mrs. Wager, £1; G. Burgess, '5s; J. P. Cameron, 5s; W. H. Hoskins, 5s; A. H. Mailey, 5s; W. A. . Trimble, 5s; Peter Cook, 5s; C. F. Saltaker, £1. Per C. P. Fleinming — C. P. Fleming,. 10s 6d; Mr. and Mrs. Prosen, 10s; Mrs. Bul lock, 5s; A. W. Thomas, 5s; E. W. Hesley, 5s; . A. friend, 8s ; J. Jacob, 2s 6d; C. Beuse, 2s 6d; Mrs. Salmon, 2s. 6d ; C. Crighton, 2s 6d; T. Freeman, 2s. Cd; E. Ewen, 3s; A. P. Neilson, 2s 6d; fi. Jacob, ls;T. Hancock, Is — Total, £3 3s. Cd, Mr. and Mrs. Elrick, 10s; W. Rein; 5s; Mr. May; 5s; J. Wilson, 5s; Mr. Mayborry, 5s; Mr. Gilbert, 2s Cd; A friend, 5s; J. Rowe, 5s; R. J. Kelly, £1; Per Mr. J. O'Neill— Mr. H. A. Connelly, £1; J. Brown, £1; Dr. Newton, 10s; J. J. Wright, J;P.,' 10s 6d; Mrs. Fox, 5s; . A Churchman, 10s 6d; E Land, 5a; R. McKel- lar, 5s; C. Russell, -2s 6d; C. Bates, 5s; Dr. Morton, 5s 6d; F. Hihcksman, 2s Cd; J. H. Hihcksman, 2s 6d; P. Naylor, 10s; S. Taylor, senr., 2s6d; Rev. T. N. Mc., 2s 6(1; J. Porly, 2s 6d; J. Hunt, 3s Cd; J. Kinsla, 5s— Total, G69s. < Corrections.— In former lists Mr. R. Moses should have been credited 10s. instead of 5s; Mr. H. Bennett, 10s; Mr. Marshall should have been written instead of Edward Lane. 