SCROOFER AND OTHERS. By N. Walter Swait. IN FIVE PARTS. Part I.—Scroofer's Ghosts!. If one of (he quiet and apathetic inhabi tants of Brownhill had greeted another of the denizens of that singularly quiet and place, by confiding in a neighbourly wayto him one Tuesday in a past February, that it was a dusty day, even the dead and fossilised perception that dwelt everywhere, aboveand beneath, in that lorn community would have been stimulated by the sarcasm of the remade. Similarly, if he had said that Brownhill wag doll, or that Brownhill was dead or worn out, the dry bones of the perception before-men tioned would have been stirred to admit the humour of the observation. That observa tion would be classed with the profound joke which the driver of the Happy Valley coach chronically ottered when intimating a hesi tating belief that it rained while shaking small rivnlets of water from a huge oilskin that fitted him like a sentry-box. That Tuesday was sorely the dustiest day of the year—or of many years preceding, for the matter of that. Just as on that Tuesday Brownhill looked more dead or dying than it had ever looked before. Some power of the air seemed to have plagiarised-a mundane idea from the kitchen, and Bet a dredger to work. The Happy Valley coach carried a coat of dust on its way through thattempted one to indulge in signatures and devices with the forefinger. When it lurched through holes and over stamps it shed veils of dost. The rack was a repository where the dust shook and swirled and roosted after its own impalpable and accumulating fashion, arid the beards and hair of the travellers arid driver were sanctuaries where it rested' and dyed till all had a general family likeness'of road blonde. To say nothing of the folds of rags, of the black coats and dresses and gathers of skirts that had suocnmbedwo tha invasion long before Brownhill was reached— to say nothing of the torn tents that dapped in the duBty wind—to say nothing ofthe lurid stained wattle-trees, that looked as if they had just come off a pilgrimage, and WSrs trying to shake themselves clear and gteen again—to say nothing of the stampings and shakings of the- Happy VAlley cbachocea pants, who bore scrip turultesttmony against the place—to Say nothing of the merchant grace* whb had to cover up his sug&rfor; Very shame sake, or of the draper who irreligiously coned hiinBelf into despondency, and then andthere determinedto sell off at an alarming sacrifice, and seek- some less dosty'elimate and some leBS dead tOWiffihip. 1 " ; " " \- Brownhill was rendeppd mendacioas hythe foroe of obsolete tiraumstances. flAiera was no lull near- it to give the subtest skelter 4a the absord cognomen. The. place was not brown, it was white—white with tent flies, white with quarts stones, white witk'pipe day, white with grime (for its peculiar grime was as white andstreaky as bad putty). He places of the enterprising blacksmith and publican were the only premises individual paintedadead led, and were called landmseks by the driver when the low road got floodpd. Half the plaoea to let whited sepulchrewof places With hold lying fronts, and acontertod patchwork of dwellings behind made- '<t dnpnf eases and keroeene tins; frosts ragged and'fluttering with tin remaina'of auctian bilbdroopingdiearily over- lively intamatkfes ofdeao bargains, in whkhvfto authors had all' trot attested to theirtnath fulness by statutory declarations m printer* ink; frightened attawpls ^ai arahttentstal respectability in cottages with smeared ? plates and brokenptned winds** tl ^ moodily at the white leads, and thel diggers,with white sacked hater ehamMnriy hp to thesfcreet tot— weights <* goU a&Orink; rickety ijaces that ha^ no i ' riuisllkfM^kls tfo'i goats' twisted and torn flesh—to say nothing -of dog kennels of tents barely able to -assert themselves above the pipeclay like daubs of dirty white on snow—to Bay nothing \- of holes that yawn a cavernous blackness to the earth—to Bay nothing of broken panels and lichened rails of mouldering cattle-yards —to say nothing of evidences of effort dead, of enterprise strangled, of the hopeful life that was extinct, and of the careless, torpid life that lived in the present, with no such thing as hope for what the mysterious morrow might bring forth. This was the once overdone Brownhill—the hopelessly care* less and defiantly sullen Brownhill of that , Tuesday in the past February of which I write. If the reports of Melbourne papers spoke truly, itwas on that very Tuesday evening that Mr. Spinks, Brownhill's representative in intelligence and mendacity, was fervidly ex* ercised in Parliament, and most uncommonly telling. He rose heyondhimself when entering tiis protest against the torpitude of a Govern ment that allowed resources such as Brown \- lull possessed to remain undeveloped, and the energy and enterprise which Brownhill notoriously cradled to sleep unroused by Government assistance. It was owing, doubtless, to the efforts of this legislator that Brownhill had become possessed of its Govern ment buildings and offices, that echoed in a more melancholy way, year after year, to the footsteps of hopeless diggers, and wailed back empty sounds of desertion to the lazy foot steps of the warden and the warden's clerks. Putting it as a hazardous possibility, it might he owin g to this cause, also, that crime and theft wereespecially troublesome around Brownhill —and, further, it would he owing, no doubt, to all these combinations and their resultant conditions that the clerk of courts, Mr. Alfred Ninfer, and his esteemed and valued friend, Mr. James Scroofer, solicitor, resided at Brownhill. So far as Brownhill sullenness permitted it to rise to any emotion it rose to the admira tion of Mr. Ninfer; and it was by no means to he wondered at thatthe slight young man with the fair hair and languid eyes that were me colour in particular, with the profile that seemed made to order by a commercial sculptor, also, from a parallel inspiration, the heard, and the small hands, and the well developed limbs, joined harmoniously in the Brownhill clerk of courts, should assert them selves. Even the respect of petty offenders was his: they would speak at him and plead mt him, forgetting in a perverse and clownish way the majesty of the bench behind. Mr. Scroofer, the rough, big-featured Scroofer, wore a dreamy thoughtfulness that kept him chained in a distant atmosphere of the sort that grows betimes from the hummings of sea shells, or the freshness of sea smells, or the noises of the tide when they carry memories that haze out the present with incense from the dead and ..tender past. He worked and won, but he \- dreamed and lost too; and the pity of it was, Scroofer's friends were wont to say, that he liked the dreaming best Writers of stories generally follow the time-honoured habit of mounting their readers on literary broomsticks, and whirling . them in an airy fashion from "post to pillar," assuming that to mean plaices and persons separated and, in ordinary life, in conveniently apart In the present instance I do not mean to follow this vagabond ex ample. On the contrary, if the reader will walk with me half way up the main street of < Brownhill, over and around which we have . already wandered in a promiscuous fashion, he will Bee, on the evening of the Tuesday named, the red blinds of Mr. Scroofer's office throwing out a glare on the swirling dust that holds angry rivalship with the apothe cary's bottle opposite. We go inside and see Mr. Ninfer there, as anxious-looking as it is well possible for him to look, and we see the rugged face of Scroofer scanning him in a friendly and sympathetic manner not alto gether divested of the distant atmosphere he . mostly lives in. There are tin boxes on the shelves, fat law books straddling on their edges; on. the coooanut matting scattered corks, and glasses, and bottles which show ammutakaUe evidences of the exhaustion they sustained during the dust and thirst mi the day that has closed. Mr. Ninfer tains from the expiring vitality of Ten nent's ale, and gives his full face to his huad. "The difficulty Is this, Scroofer, that the money must be forthcoming in a week. Let me see, to-day is the 16th—by the 24th it moat be paid in; by that time the auditor . wSPbe up, the further difficulty being that . my prospects, which I have already explained fm you, will die if my position is lost—a -potation I do not care a snuff for but for the \- sake of those prospects, as before repre sented, which are dependent upon it" Mr. Ninfer snaps his white fingers, and, manu facturing a respectable detonation, con tinues,-' Care for? No. I'd throw it up to-morrow but for the force of the drenm atanoes alluded to. That is what keeps me kse under the departmental insults and •meddling meanness of political adventurers. The investment most inevitably be a safe «no. So safe," the speaker observes with «n air of great candour, " that I only wish I was a client of yours with money to lend and that some harassed devil like Ninfer," \- introducing himself with his thumb in such . capacity, made a similar offer. The security will be made plain when the arrives." Pilftiro, : The harassed devil who is not a client Aunts to the glass of Tennenf s, now hope Jesdy dead, and looks down upon the flat : amber liquid with a sigh, i . lb; .Scroofer steadfastly regards the made : .to-order profile, rod then, retreating from the sliuilfsillllf HI I if liill lllllll nil III " Attorneys, generally, have clients of the 'deoacipikonyou name, Ninfer, but not always, * J am cue of the exceptions in tikis Brownhill is not«.plaoe that has floating jgffNLto Gwtal is not a foatureo? BrownhilL As to the excellence of . the in viVMtment, Iimvenodoubt, trusting youas I ; in yon as I do much that reminds but that matters nothing. Inn. __ receive yourexplanation of the and there is no more need to drag -^ect thatmwbt to be forgotten by Itefoigotten by me—any recur, ha* wonld be nun, though/still' -kJ $° tlm pressingnecessity for i lk Nevertheless, there are no monBy fa lend. .But aJBrownbill r interjects Mx. NinfaH character of a fierce words, rod a oorrespond — in hiseynvin the lofhiB Khhe raws} twn.cbamctere » Softraposeful fhe.fcarinoniouB kofCOfHtspre fierce disputes, when there were harvests for lawyers as well as for diggers, when crimes were punished by the sudden ball or the Bndden knife, when women suffered wrong. and death." He looked up ina kind of awakening, and drew his hand down his face while seemingly shivering himself to gether "from the past "I was going to _ _ 11 "You were going to say that you made money, i mean that you lived in times when money was made here. "And that I made some money. Ire present myself as being thoroughly satisfied with the security you offer, and as unre servedly receiving your explanation. On my own part, and as my own client, so to speak, I will let you have what you want Thesum is very large for me. If I said it represented nearly all l am worth I would he closer to the truth than I often am at the °°Mr. Ninfer rises with an elaborate, air of thankfulness, and he is so profuse in his apologies for troubling his mend to# enter into the eminently safe and secure invest ment that it would.be quite pleasing to hear and look at him, but for the out cropping of the double character, this tame in the cold any-coloured eyes as against the harmony of voice and attitude and the frank shaking of Scroofer's big hand. Ninfer resumes his seat radiant with a irind of deferential and sympathetic good fellowship amalgamated with a general flavour of embarrassed gratitude, so that the contemplation is again pleasing. Silence. day that suits you; the required gold will then be atyonr service." "Thanks, thanks. The gold? " Yes, gold, sterling gold, and better than ' cash.' Why you fellows are my bankers oyer there. You'd find on. inquiry (if such in quiries were satisfied at the treasury) that toe bags numbered 1,069 belong to Scroofer. Two thousand and five pounds worth when 1! last reckoned toe market price; and the con dition is that yon gamble no more. Mr. Ninfer draws sharply back from the light "You said 1,069?" .... , Scroofer replies by rising and taking down one of the tin boxes, which he unlocks after contemplating a hunch of keys ; he stoops over the contents for a while, takes out a receipt form, and reads, "ten, six, nine. Yes. The clerk of courts exhibits a angularly haggard look; when he rises to leave it re mains in his face, contrasting with the character of his voice and the warmth of his e°Wef<il<yw Ninfer out and contemplate him walking down the belated street past dark shop fronts; past noisy, places snorting spirituous breaths on the night, and hatching : the fatuous inanities of drunkenness; past, theliver- colouredhotel where the troublings of bar frequenters, after several nothings up, have died out in sleep;. past houses with vacant eyes of. windows, ana past weather-worn buildings, as warped, Sad crippled, and helpless-looking as cast-off shepherds; past brassy-looking window-panes upon which toe rising moon is throwing splashes of silver, and along a white pathway, by holes; and past catches of shadow from straggling trees as if graves were cut across. The few clouds do not hide the. face of Ninfer. A bad lowering face it is; a significancy of thought or plan in the features—hands involuntarily.clenched, m irregular pauses and burryings in the thought, whatever it may be, that constrains him to conceive it, evident while looking down shafts, and in the sadden change to the harmonious blending of . whatever characters may be his when doing public service. His harmony before he enters a clean-looking cottage, and speaks to a neat washed-out looking woman of 40 with beautiful eyes and handsome features in decay* • Waiting in the room set apart for him,. Ins servant, a Southern Indian, with a slight crouch and diy bronze bands, bw bwr soft and smooth, his clothing white and pure looking, his ensemble illustrating that Orien tal mysticism always above or below. Euro pean comprehension, carrying with him toe inevitable and subtle air of refinement that belongs to his nation. He places a mixture beside Ninfer's bed and returns to his matting on toe floor and to his pipe. He smokes silently while his master drinka Next day, letters by the mail were delivered at Brownhill: one of Mr. Ninfer's was bordered black and pretentiously sealed. He looked at it and trembled over- it in his office; he laid it on the table afraid to open it, and looking at it in that position his face might be for a marble face just finished by toe commercial sculptor; he paused and flushed at it and over it, and drawing a long breath, which, for a manof his strength and physique, wnj a hesitating and very nervous breath, he affixed to the door of bis office toe usual confidence with which absent clerks are wont to favour thepublio—" BackinlOminutes." Retreating inside, he turned the key. Anhonrexmred before toe 10 minutes, and yet another hour, had galloped nearly to toe straight running when the cleric of courts opened the door. It was opened cautiously. It was with a pfM-nliftrty cautious look that Ninfer went to toe window of one of the roomB commandm" the street, and gased intend? at toe house' Scroofer. The sullenneas tost was m tL. intentness was remarkable; I think, if any one bad seen toe upper half of the face against toe upper half of toe window—seeing the marbleneas of toe flesh and toe basal stare of the eyes—he would have^ thought it a death's head, or toe fragment of a night mare, or any other unnatural thing which suggests or reflects an unnatural thought. Nobody saw it;, of course. , The street la? torpid m desertion ;toe] day diggers bad sunk from sight > is drives; toe red forge gave out a ri snore, and toe red inn blistered sflenW ^, the Bun like an overtaken drunkard., "eyes toeleas, Ninfer pres^hfonoreontoe glial toying-to look up toe street, and down toe street, and' when he saw nothing, but top White roadlying inits madly: irritating < cahnneasandsaroeneeB,he turnwl from ifcf though it had lain upon his iifo for 'so maj yean, to wdkbriskly from hjs offios*;' another "10 minutes" by toe path t twisted through toe holes, and «tmpt to toe eottege And toe waahefl-estlady* Indiim was toerewithfcfewfdte dotties < teeth, such* glowing white viushcom" such a wambrCnjee: and his leyss wi finnkiiig, aha^ looks in them thatonei ofrejahs, and somitais, and oriental despot whenono saw him.. Asanrefllyhi*ftoegv ' jfloorefrrftotedwitol i | wvpietitrbanea tyrant " iSFwaa toe number of Scroofer's toe ana. there'll be an inquiry after toe abstracted, bag*. Ifwsbad chosen any number but that The office accounts dan be squared,; The Indian rose noiselessly from his mai* tine, and threw back a warning for silence with his brown hand, while he replied in a silky, quiet voice, and in Hinaoostanee. The voioes soon dropped to whisperings, and when the conversation was over, and Ninfer hurried out, his face had as startling a look in it as when surveying Brovmhill street from the window of his offices. AIi Singh, the servant, sought his repose again, but an altogether different man was he when he turned his glittering eyes towards his pipe and resumed contemplation—altogether different from the humble servitor when he drew bade his lips from his teeth, and laughed silently at the wreaths of smoke be made. He seemed subtly changed iuto something that made one think in his connexion of any living thing that was lithe and limp, and his intense sharp face wore an eager look that the landlady would have been afraid of had she seen it. Faff .puff the smoke rolled up from the thin blue hps. When he drew his feet up to him, and sat on his haunches for change of posture, and sent his bright looks out gleaming and piercing through the smoke, and when his teeth and crouching figure were seen behind it, Ali Singh looked a dangerous panther in the neat room of the neat cottage owned by the neat landlady of '40. The moon that lit Ninfer home on the Tuesday evening peeped cheerily over the Brownhill horizon a few evenings after, when the twilight was rousing Ali Singh, as it does other animals of like propensities. It crept up behind mountains of clouds and soft valleys of clonds; it sailed past chasms of beetling crags, and over fragments of spirit- land scenery; it stalked among mighty fragments of cliffs, through floating seas of fleecy silver; it ran behind frowning drifts of shipwrecked clouds, taking advantage of grotesque castles and dodging past lowering battlements, with a glare of glory tipping them as though they walled in another celestial empire; and so it stole quite a march upon the people of Brownhill before it shone out all brilliant and glorious, waiting for another series of games with whole crowds of mountains, and crags, and valleys that were hurrying up, carrying all the shearings of all the Australias. many times told, scattered over peaks ana crests. Scroofer took his usual walk at this time towards a clump of trees that were clustered together in a frightened manner beyond the Blanket Lead. They swayed mysterious whisperings and monotonous sighings, like worn-out old things as they were, when any breath of wind ruffled them and creaked their rheumatic limbs. They wailed and protested to breezes and gales, and every kind of vagabond blast that swept up and struck them. Larrikin gusts con tracted the habit of rushing down npon them from every point, to bustle the old branches in a scampering and rollicking fashion, and swirl them about at all hours of the day and night. They were lightening and darkening below the moon and the clouds thin evening, and swaying gloomily over each other's shadow&, wben the attorney walked amongst them and took a familiar seat He spent evenings listening there, and most 'have spent nights, too, for people averred they saw him walk fram that direction home when the first light was on the sky. He used to tell Ninfer feet the old trees had voices for him, hushing back the present, like many other old residents, to whisper, and croak, and sigh, and toss their arms over the memories of the past. It would be hard for me to tell what the trees brought or said to Sooofer, or where they took him to. He said in a_general way that their rustlings and mnrmurings lulled him, and sent down voices; that figures long since dead came to him below their shades, and stopped with him to live past times. He companioned with them, too, on the floating mountains, at the bright battlements, and across the fleecy seas I have spoken of, where were spirit hues mid shapes, and the beauties of the Orient. Perhaps the absence of death was bridged, and, its void filled ; certainly, the toil and moil of the world was left; the present was forgotten, the dories of the night being far more than all those of the day with its sun and _ blare. And when came back the inevitable world with its inevitable pre sent he ran shivering home past the h'eg'ed tents trying to live on the remembrances. This night he took his place against the most complaining tree of the group, as (hough feeling more of its life, and catching more of memories from its creakings and wailingB, J®d he would probably have entered upon the old dream and the old life that was always such a jot but for a shadow that followed him. This thing flitted behind heaps of clay, and the tents that soiled their whiteness with ragged tatters of filthy blankets or withered brush. It crept so care fully ana patiently along by the slant ing shadows and by clumps of bushes, it was so silent and so swift, that it surely was one of Scrooferis ghosts on its way to the rendezvous. In and out to the shade; always rapid; past the white light to the shadows again; tortuously and painfully keeping to them; making ghost* iu££ Jiurryings from darkness to darkness : round to where the light was Inter* cepted; making long detours to g&inshadeu; "Ti?0 JP®*14?'aa1^ \°°k pnt for some other patch of darkness where boughs, or scrub, or iW stapes abroad. Thus, till there lay between it and the old wees, but one broad span of moonlight, across flitter looked with eyes that had a shine. There was not a sound from the dreamer, nor from the shade that Jned re look in upon hint; through theshel teiingcircleof blackness mpde: and when it came out quitting the A«u~imM« where it crouched for the where Scroofer sat, It was slowly crawling on its S SdCKS! W&'ESA; the trunk against which he leaned he would hate men a dark thine bearing in slowly behind like some ugly pbarriagmjbct he was lookfcm out mwsTthe clouds with then wealth of aoene and the glory of their eilver landscapes. Hie was stuldre&ming; with hiseyas there, and thevoicea coming down to him from theheanches, whenthe «*epM wm and ite ^aringeyes pierced toe darkness, Snoring steadQy to. he? sat. The ghostly aooommisbment of triwhw progress was in.thiijnitaaoe complete, noTheing .gnOlyofinateriaS awkwardnees fay eo much is ths cranking ot e twig or toe rustling of: the gross, n-«- ^ " toe^eantiliatiug^s the spray* ,of jrithite toostiycharaoter, v like a. *tdrd sash, which* ing cloud-hills ~ WWBTUNH1 next~Bven then the tragedy itoa a ghostly one, xor the awakened dreamer t tomggled silently. :Tfce long ends of thb e°mehoir caught his arms as, it fell upon his throat, and eyes of coal and white-striped teeth were all he saw. It was long before the straggling ceased. The noise, if noise there was, might have been from the com plaining trees, bat out beyond their circle were the sleeping moonlight and peace. The weird sash was removed at last, and the shadows of the swaying leaves swept over the lawyer for the lost time. A rift or light that fell between the trees showed the figure active and still silent. The whisperings did not cover the jangle of keys; the shadows did not cover the active hands of the figure searching for such money and papers as might be in the clothes. And when the moon had hidden behind promon tories, and isthmoseB, and cloads fierce and vengeful looking, till the other horizon was nearly reached, the silent figure dragged out the body beneath the lengthened shadows to a gaping shaft, where were soon a rushing sound, a long soughing sigh of air, a falling and a rushing, a gap of awful silence, a crash ing thud, ana a heavy fall of earth away below. The morning came, and the old trees tossed and twisted their decrepid heads in croak ings and whisperings when the wind rose; they rustled their mysterious secrets together with protesting arms, and rocked and moaned as in grief and wailing. Ali Singh, the thug, lay on his matting in the neat cottage ; he patted his pillow with his dry bronze hand, beneath which were hid Scroofer's papers and keys; he pierced the wreaths as they curled from his pipe with his gleaming blades of eyes and liis gleaming white teeth. 