TOWN TALK. It will be seen byonr special telegram that the 21 returns, which were still to he received on Friday night when oar tele gram was despatched from Belfast, have increased Mr T. Bromell'a majority in the Western Province election. The deputation appointed at the gas consumers' meeting are to wait npon the directors of the company this afternoon, to urge the advisability and necessity of re ducing the price of gas. A meeting of the Town Council will be held this evening. From a communication forwarded by the Education Department to one of the Boards cf Advice in this district, it would appear that exercise books, though nsed for dictation in some schools, are not included in the stationery which the teacher is sup posed to supply to the children. As copy books and all other materials are supplied by the State, the members of the board re ferred to are unanimous in thinking that it would be wise either to provide exercise books in the State rchools, or if they hre considered unnecessary, to forbid their use. I'o allow the teacher to insist on the use of these books and to compel the children to pay for them, detracts, in their opini >n, from the principles of free education as laid down by the Government. David Kincaid, a resident of Connewarre, seems to be doomed to misfortune. About two years ago he was sold oat of his farm at Lovely Banks, got run over by a wagon, broke his thighs, and had to take refuge in the hospital. His limbs were patched np, bnt on emerging from the institution Kin caid fonnd that his wife, family, and some other effects had been appropriated by his man servant. Twice he tried at the County Court to recover his property minus Mrs Kincaid, but on each occasion he proved unsuccessful. On Friday last he was breaking in a yonng horse, when he re ceived a kick on the ancle of the most damaged of his limbs, and in consequence of a sprain had to return to the hospital, where he now lies. A very pretty water color sketch of Geelong, as seen from the Eastern Beach has been executed by Mr Wm. Tibbits, of Ballarat, and is now on view at Mr Franks' picture warehouse. The sketch is some what elaborate, the principal buildings in the town and even the most minute and distant objects being carefully and distinctly brought out. The bay, with its wharves shipping, and bathing houses, is rendered with much accuracy, and not the least va luable feature about the picture is the fact that neither in coloring or otherwise is there the slightest tinge of exaggeration. We understand that should he receive suffi cient encouragement in the shape of sub scriber u is the intention of the artist to have thi?, his latest effort, chrotno-litho graphed. Members of the School of Science in connexion with the Mechanics' Institute are reminded that this evening the opening lecture of the present course will be de urnu Kev. G. Goodman, M.A., on _The Organ, its Theory and Construe taon." The lecture will, as nsnal, be fully illustrated by diagrams, &c.;, and, as already announced, will be supplemented by an organ recital at Christ Church next Mon day evening.^ Those who are interested in scientific subjects, and have not yet become members of the school, will find the present an excellent time for doing so, a member's ticket, which may be obtained for a nominal sum, giving three admissions to each lecture of the course. Syllabuses may be obtained at the Institute, or from the hon. secretary. Mr G. F. Link. Numerous complaints are made abont the dilapidated condition of some of the country schools. The State school at West Geelong is stated to be so much ont of re pair as to be quite nnadapted for the pur pose for which it is applied. The members of the Local Board of Advice state that dnring the recent inclement weather as many as twenty children were nnable to attend that school, through colds and in fluenza contracted, and which are stated to have been caused by the yery aacom A cook named Thomas Newberry was arrested yesterday by Constable Rahilly, and conveyed to the lock-up, where he was charged with using obscene language in a public street. He will be brought be fore the court this morning to answer the charge. That well-known vineyard known as Belperrond's, situated on the Barrabool Hills, between Highton and Ceres, consist ing of 20 acres, of which 14 acres are laid out as a vineyard and orchard, was sub mitted for sale by auction at Mr Ducker's rooms on Saturday. The highest bid was £4~d, but the land with its improvements was subsequently sold privately to Mr Kirklaod for £500. An interesting series of rowing matches between crews composed of the members of the Corio Bay Bowing Clab took place on Corio Bay on Saturday. The weather wa3 favorable, and the competition between the rival crews was good. Iumebnraers' Point and the Tarra-street wharf formed the starting point and winning post re spectively. The crews were—Stringtest gig, Dnnden 1, Mills 2, M'Crae 3, Fare (stroke), and Blnnt (cox.) Clinker—Fawcett 1, James 2, Upward 3, C. Brown (strobe), Pearson (cox.) A good start was made, both crews snowing great pluck, and after a very exciting race Fare's crew won by only about a quarter of a length. Sub sequently a sculling match took place be tween Forbes, Fawcett, and Robilliard. The latter kept the lead till within a qnarter of a mile of the winning post, when he was overtaken by Fawcett, who finally won by a leagth. An impudent robbery was committed on Satnrday night, when Mr TVilmot'a garden, in O'Connefi-street, was despoiled of some very choice hyacinths. It is a pity the vandals who thus trespass and destroy the appearance of little gardens about town, upon the cultivation of which owners de vote so much time and expense, cannot be discovered and severely punished. The Breakwater Cricket Clab will hold a meeting in the local Mntnal Improve ment Society's room on Wednesday even ing. Tbere was a numerous attendance ot members of the Quoit Club at the Crown Hotel ground on Saturday afternoon, when some of the play exhibited by those who will shortly.he called upon to play the conquering match with Birregurra has seldom been surpassed even in matches, Mr M'Mnllen's especially being very brilliant. After practice a meeting was held, when Mr King, president, occupied the chair, and a letter was read from the secretary of the Birregurra Club, stating that club would, if convenient to the Geelong players, send the following team to Geelong to play the conquering game for the season on Saturday week, viz., Messrs Barr, M'Cal lum, Bourke, Gullan, Balcombe, Cameron, Prime, and Anderson, with Cabill and Dodd as emergency men. The secretary was requested to reply, accepting the pro posal, and the following were chosen to represent Geelong, viz., Messrs King. M'Mnllen, Bippoo, Hawkes, Cox, Tem pleton, Kelly, and Pendlebury. This team is the same that'suffered defeat at Birregurra, and as that of the latter club has been materially strengthened by the substitution of Messrs Gullan and Ander son, for Messrs Dewing and Beake, our local representatives must not fail to take advantage of every opportnnity for prac tice, or defeated again they surely will be. There will, therefore, be a full practice meetiog on Wednesday afternoon, and on Saturday afternoon a match will be played between the following Eides, viz : Messrs King, Cox, Templetou, Pendlebury, and WheatlaDd v Messrs M'Mullen, Hawkes, Rippon, Kelly, and Bcalby. It may be re marked in choosing the eight to represent the dnb the committee restricted them selves to those players who gave their lime to go to Birregurra. After the match men tioned had been arranged for, Messrs King, Hawkes, and M'Alullen were ap pointed a committee to arrange all details for the proper reception of the Birre gorians, and the proceedings terminated. On Saturday afternoon Madame Cora gave another performance in the Mechanics1 Institute tor the accommodation of children and visitors from the country, when, al- j though the attendance was not so large, it | was quite sufficient to induce all those who contributed to the entertainment to do their best to please, but this they invariably aim at whether the bouse be a large or a small one. Madame Cora appeared to take as much delight in the performance as her young friends who, in the most pleasing manner possible she sought to mystify, and it was amuBing to listen to the remarks made by some of the young colonials who thought they bad quite dropped down ' to her tricks. In the most pompous man ner possible they explained to those less acute than themselves where snch and such a thing was gone to, and looked very small indeed when Madame shortly afterwards showed their acumen to be at fault. Mr Forde's representation of a Chinaman was highly amusing and as showing bis make up was good it may he remarked that several of the children asked if he was "that Chinaman who sometimes brings round cabUages." Yonng America's sing ing and dancing also took the fancy of the | children, he being so genuine a little nigger, i Miss Wren sang in the duet " Barney's Courtship" very nicely, but the juveniles would have felt more amused had Mr Forde and herself appeared in The Shakers," or in some such comical scene; and a little more of ma dame's talk and conjuring would also have been appreciated, as she thoroughly gained the liking of the youngsters. At intervals the band played choice selections with taste and skill, and at the conclusion a lot of useful gifts such as copy- books, mugs, &c.; sent the little prattlers delighted away home, there to tell about the wonders they had been permitted to see. On Saturday evening there was again a good attendance, and for this evening a new programme is announced. A rumor that | went abroad to the effect that the atten dance on Saturday afternoon included the children of the Orphanages and Industrial ' Schools is without a vestige of truth, and it will be seen, by advertisement, these children are to be present at an afternoon i performance which is to be given on Wed- | nesday. Messrs Michael Cahir, William Cunning ton, William Grundy, Malcolm M'Leod. | and Allan Robinson have been appointed members of the board of advice for the school district of the East Ridmg of the ] Shire of Meredith. The Daily Telegraph reports as follows, respecting a very cruel and too general custom:—" The brutal custom of carrying ] fowls suspended by their legs is one that ' has met with general condemnation, and in this city frequent complaints have been I made of the treatment of fowls, especially in their transmission per railway. Some little time since it was reported that a | number of fowls had been left for a length of time at the Spencer-street railway sta- ' tion. Mr Stewart, the honorary secretary to the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, immediately took steps in the matter, and the result is that in future any person sending fowls by rail will be com pelled to send them in crates, instead of tying the miserable birds' legs, and leaving them to be thrown about as not possessed of any feeling. Persons travelling with any fowls or other birds will be held responsible for the proper treatment of the same. And if any fowls are left at any railway station for an unreasonable length of time without food and water, the Chief Commissioner has issued instructions that the parties responsible, whether Govern ment officials or not, ehall be prosecuted." The O. and AI. A dvertiser reports the finding of an egg within au egg.A short F~LBTfeBi et° c b?lon8iDg to Mr James beefy, of Black Springs, Beec'nworth, laid an egg which weighed 14oz. On the Bhell being broken there was besides the ordi W *hite another complete and hard-shelled egg inside, the smaller one oerag fully as large as a good sized dnck eSg- Eggs with two yolks are not very uncommon, but a hard-shelled egg within " •» ft* « we know uaprew The. Melbourne correspondent of tbe Star writes as following with reference to an old resident of Geelong:—" Some per. sons are never at a loss for an excuse. To. day (Friday), Andrew Love, at one time a member of Parliament, applied to the In. solvency Court for an unconditional certi. cate of release, on the grounds that hi; estate would, if the official-assignee went to law against his father's trustees, pay a good dividend. The official-assignee said that he had never received sixpence from the estate, and had no prospect of ever dob" so, for the insolvent's claims were disputeif and to go to law under those circumstances would be absurd. His Honor refused to grant the application unless 7s in the pound was paid to the creditors." The foundation stone of the Ballarat College was.well and truly laid on Satur day afternoon by the Rev. Wm. Hender son, who was presented with a very chaste and well executed silver trowel for the oc casion bearing a suitable inscription. The bottle placed in the receptacle under the stone contained (the Post reports) copies of the Evening Post, Courier, Star, and Argus, with a small scroll, a card contain, ing tbe names of the officers of the Church and masters in the college, and the bronze coins of the day, viz, a penny, a halfpenny, and a farthing. The architect, Mr H. R. Caselli, read the memorial, which gave the date of the establishment of the college in 1S64, and detailed the success which" had followed till it became necessary to erect the bnilding, the foundation stone of which was then laid. The bottle was deposited by Mr James Nicol, when the Kev. Mr Henderson spread the mortar with his trowel, and the stone being lowered to its place, was duly tapped, and declared well and truly laid. The rev. gentleman then delivered an eloquent address upon the importance of educational institntions, after which the assemblage dispersed, highly satisfied with the ceremony. Mr Wm. Murrell has been gazetted Deputy Electoral Registrar for the Mount Hope electoral division. The Sboalhavcn News states that, a few flays ago, some workmen were removing a portion of Mr David Berry's premises at Coolangatta, for the purpose of effecting some improvements, and while in the act of lowering a wall-plate, they were somewhat startled by a shower of loose sovereigns, which came down " furious and fast" for some minutes. The sovereigns, which, we understand, are all of the old English stamp, when picked . up were found to greatly exceed one thousand in number; and it is conjectured that they must, years ago, have been put in their late hiding place by one or other of the late members of Mr Berry's family, and were probably forgotten. The following very amusing story ap pears in the Pleasant Greek News:—" &. most unfortunate exchange of property ij reported to have occurred here recently, as a consequence of the joviality of two resi dents of this district. They, had been spending the day at Stawell, in the trans action of business, and when evening came passed a few hours in social intercourse. The night was far advanced when they left the hotel they had chosen as a rendezvous, and when they mounted their horses at the door the animals were more intelligent than their masters, who, as they separated, al lowed their steeds to choose the road. The nags were used to this work, and one cantered off towards Great Western, while the other trotted soberly on towards another outlying centre of settlement. Unfortunately, in the dark each had mounted "the other's horse, and when the spouse of Mr B. rose on bearing the well known sonnd of old Snrefoot's hoof, and went to admit her husband, she fonnd a straDger. Her trouble was in no way lessened when she fonnd that A. was un able to explain, and in fact fell fast asleep in a chair as soon as he entered the house. Meanwhile B. fared even worse. He jogged along on his friend's pony nntil he reached the latter's residence, and pulled up in due conrse before the door. Mrs A., however, as a lady of spirit, felt it incumbent upon her to punish drunkenness in her spouse, and belore her supposed husband had time to notice that he was in a strange country she belabored him sonndly with a stoat switch. He roared lustily, and became almost sober by the time that his assailant discovered her mistake, and mingled her apologies with enquiries for her missing lord. Messrs A. and B. have since ar ranged that they will never again ride horses of the same color when coining to Stawell to spend the evening." Five acres have been reserved in the Parish of Bamganie as a site for a State school. The Black Bock Plain correspondent of the Northern Argus narrates the following: —" A yonng man in this locality, who was oat after bullocks a few mornings since, had a pretty sharp encounter with a real ' old man' kangaroo, which his dog pur sued. He had not gone far when he stood at bay—or in colonial parlance, 'stuck ■p'—and, grasping toe dog in bis arms, was hugging him rather too closely to suit his master, who, on coming up, dismounted, and was going to the dog's assistance, when the kangaroo instantly attacked him and knocked him down. Fortunately for him the old man took to his heels, leaving his assailant more frightened than hurt. He was soon on his legs and in the saddle again, and closely pursued the old mau, who a second time stood at bay. He made for the horse, and getting between his fore legs, sent both man and beast off their balance. By this time the dog arrived to his master's aid, and collared the kangaroo, which aSorded him a chance of regaining his legs. He then belabored the poor old man with a heavy whip handle, and soon put an end to his existence. The skin measured 10 feet 4 inches from the tip of the tail to the neck." All About a Ghost !—From time to time we (Shoalhaven News) have received start ling intelligence from Bameraug anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are per- sons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr Robert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watch dog driven mad, and his whole household routed aud thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. On Tues day night Williams' family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up aud down the verandah with heavy-uailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and, it would seem, also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder, but finally gave up the contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all locks, holts, and bars, entered the bouse, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed, apparently, in the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where Mr and Mrs Williams were lying, and pulled the bed clothes off the bed, and lay down beside Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he put his band out to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a crosscut saw standing, which it sounded several times a3 if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state some time his ghostship departed. Wil liams avers that he has heard aud seen this strange visitor several times since his loca tion at Bamerang, and challenges all un believers to go and stop at his house and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman, well known in this dis trict, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a manilla hat on, dressed in moleskin trousers, and a blue gnernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was and what he wanted, he found that the supposed man was only a shadow. It asserted by the very old hands of the As trict that one or two sawyers had Oeen fonnd murdered in the locality mam years ago. The City of Adelaide, which wen: ashore at Kircaluy Beach, South Austral, must tytvc been «o4 lowing from the S. A. Advertiser wil show " On Wednesday a hawser wai got ont over the port quarter, and on being "hove out it was soon discovered that the snip was moving. By this means the gal lant vessel was hove off about 40 feet. Or Thursday another attempt was made with the assistance of the two tugs, and still further progress was the resnlt. On Fridaj morning the tugs were again in attendance, and, aided by a very high tide, the Ci/j of Adelaide was once more afloat. Two 01 three.ridges of sand were met with, ovei which the ship had to be bumped, hut no damage was snstaioed. Comparatively speaking, very little difficulty was met with. A very short time elapsed before the ship was astern of the tugs, and on her way to the Port, where she arrived about 10 o'clock. We are glad to say that she hae made 110 water while aground, nor has she been at'all knocked about, notwithstanding the very heavy weather lately experienced; but, for the satisfaction of the master and agents, we believe she is going on to the slip. ' It is, however, believed that no work -on her bottom will be necessary, as she was re-coppered only abpnt five months ago. Should this prove to be the case, she will at once go on her old berth for London. The M. A. Mail reports that a rather practical joke was perpetrated the other evening on an over-sanguine speculator in horseflesh capabilities by a jocose typo. About II o'clock, just after the receipt of the Sydney telegram announcing the result of the raciDg for the Sydney Cup, a "grass" hand came in from the billiard room in connection with one of the leading hotels in the town, where commercial men most do congregate, and and anxiously de» sired to know the winner of the cup; and the compositor who was " setting up" the M.S. of the telegram imagined that the "grass" had been deDnted by some of those interested to ascertain the news, and '• "kho'wing that it was not right that news of snch importance should he made public before the issne of the paper, decided to perpetrate a "sell," by supplying an erroneous "tip," and therefore told him " Goldsbrough." This news was soon heralded to the com pany, and, coming as it did from a " press man,"was accepted as gospel; the joy of some of the company knew no bounds, bell toppers were thrown to the ceiling of the room, and jumped on when - they reached the floor, and when the effect became somewhat abated, one of the commercial men annonnced himself as the lucky holder of Goldsborongh for the Sydney sweep, by which he would' be . the winner of something like £1000. There were abont twenty gentlemen present, and the un-lncky holder of Golds-: horongh ordered the waiter to bring: in drinks for all hands, which was done, and he was congratulated on his good fortune; again the glasses were re plenished, and again the company toasted the man of commerce; but eventu ally the company broke up, and the supposed lucky one retired to bed, hut there was no rest for him that night —he could only dream of seeing Golds borongh passing the judge's stand two lengths ahead of the field, and think of himself as the winner of the great Sydney sweep. He was up early to see the morn ing papers, expecting to see a confirmation: of the good news, bnt his feelings of disappointment can he better imagined than described at seeing the name of "Sterling," not "Goldsborongh," at the head of the list. His friends of the previous evening laughed heartily at the " sell" that had been perpetrated on their friend by the precocious typo. Our man of commerce says he will never again ask a compositor to divulge the secrets of his | office, especially at snch a cost. "Writing on some of the commercial pro ductions of the Indian islands, a corre- I spondent of the Straits Times contrives to | he tolerably jocose on what to most people would seem a very unpromising subject. I He says:—Battans figure Isrgely in our exports. These come chiefly from Ma- j ludy, one of the richest districts in Borneo, and Palawan. In a moral point' of view, i this article is gratifying to the coDtempla tive mind; affording, as it does, a remark, able instance of reformation from origi nally depraved instincts. In its native j forests, it is a ruthless, selfish parasite, strangling poor trees in its snake-like folds, and_ viciously tearing the clothes and bodies of men who venture into its habitat. Ravished from the jungle, and subjected to the humanising influence of nan, its nature undergoes a total change. It then | becomes useful and beneficial to man in various ways—snch as ' for mats, baskets, and especially as cordage for prabus. In return, as it were, for the reformation thus effected in itself by man ont here, the rat tan, applied a posteriori to boys at home, becomes an effective and powerful instru ment of improvement to a large portion of I the human race. How wonderful are the [ ways of Providence. 