THE ROVAIj : MARRIAGE AW ST: PETERSBURGII The marriage ceremony of. the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Mane commenced at. noon on the 23rd January, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the "Winter Palace and the surrounding galleries. The-ladies were sumptuously attired; the prevailing costumes/ particularly, "of Bussian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatist. After assembling, a procession was formed with the grand equerries, chamberlains, and other officers of the Court. leading them came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince' and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and tlie bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and slie wore a diamond coronet. Her train was born by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. - The Imperial Bussian Frinee wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian colonel. All were decorated with the Bussian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, aud pearl necklace ; the Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style ; the Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian church, was received by the metropolitan head of the Russian ; Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holv water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne ou golden salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until placed on the fingers of the Uride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson, and gold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair, Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said: " Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesiaus, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded the marriage of Cana of Galilee was read. The crowns were remeved, and the married couple walked thrice round the raised dais, holding to the rip of the confessor's robe with one hand, and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of thie ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed Afterward the choir sang "Glory to Thee, O Lord ! concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. 1) em Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnisation of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an episcopal surplus with a jewelled collar of the Order of the Batn around his neck, was assisted bv two resident English clergvnien- Both the American aud the English consuls were gathered on the left of the altar- Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewett, tlie American Muuster, Lord Loftns, tlie English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many linglish officers in full costume were also present. Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gorlshakoff, surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility- "The Episcopal chants were given bv Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, tlie bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prmce Arthur walKcd behind The beautiful Anghcan wedding service was then impressively performed by Deau Staulev, the Prmce and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost bless, preserve, and help you," was especiallv touching- The services being concluded. Dean Stanley congratulated the newly-married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. Thii bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faccd ; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed The Princess of Wales was lovelv. pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy—the image of her mother. Queeu Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prmee, and both looked well. During the ceremonv m the English cliapel. the Empress of Russia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes, when the married couple sainted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed There was only a limited displav of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the pubhc squares took place, and the general scene was one of splendid fesimtv. The scene formed an extraordinary combination of ceremonv, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal couple were formally matched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and the officers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. The Philadelphia " Press" is advocating a "domestic option" bill, naderthe provisions of which no man should be allowed to buy a glass of ale, or wine, or whiskey, without presenting at the bar a written permit from his wife. An Indianapolis gentleman's claim for divorce is.based on the ground that when he married, six weeks ago, his wife's hair was black, but now it is red enough to entitle her to the front rank m a torchlight procession. FATHER BOYLE, . of Washmgton, addressing a school on -the subject of Easter celebration, a young miss asked him: " Father Boyle, what is the ongm o£ Easter eggs ?" "A ban, no doubt, miss," replied the father •quietly. • _ At a New York Sunday-school, not lonjg since, a little boy was crying bifterly. The schoolmistress, upon enquiry, learned that he bad lost Ins mother; aui she, in .sympathy, remarked to the scholars that no one knew what a Joss it was until they had lost a mother, and that Johnny had good-cause for crying. At thie moment a little nrcbin jumped up and said. 'Oh, ma'am, yon JUBT wait, till he yets a step- mother, then you'll hear him cry l" A little shaver was sitting near his -mother who was picking over rcaisms, when she was called out of the room, and as She left,- «aid "Sow, sonny, don't touch any of those raisms when I am sone." Presently the mother returned and inquired * Well, Charley did you take any raisins?" " No mamma." ? "You know i( you did, God saw you." " Yes, I know He did, but He won't tell,' 