Tris PARSON'S MARE.-la this colony, as a rule, gentlemen of the black cloth do not look favourably on the turf. One indeed a little more enthusiastic than tile rest, we suppose-so it is reported, denounced the late V. R. O. meeting from the pulpit in no measured terms, and stigmatised " the Oup" ts the especial invention of the evil one to decoy men's souls to perdition. But in the old country parsons are not quite so ad vanced as their brethren in this colony, and accordingly we find them not only taking a prominent part in many sports and pastimes, such as hunting and cricket, but oven own ing racehorses, and winning some of the great turf events of the year. The Parson's lMare,.the heading of this article, refers to Apology, the winner of the celebrated Don canter St. Leger, who is owned by a Lincoln shire parson. " Mr: Launde" is the as sumed name under which his reverence races, and has raced for some years, as, if we renemlber rightly, Mr. Laundo also owned The Miner, a hordo that once beat Blair Athol. The parson's mare has proved rather a valuable mine of wealth to-her owner, as she has won the " one thousand," the Oaks, the Coronation Stakes, and the St. Leger during the season ; and the value of those stakes amounts to a trifle over £13,000! ThoLincolnshire parson must be one of the good old sort, who could relish a glass of finoo old port, and smoke his long clay pipe in a farmer's chimnoy-corner, and yet preach a good sermon on a Sunday also. For the Daily News correspondent says of him that " his colours are so universally followed when they have a good horse under them, that I may safely say he would have bhoon mobbed and cheered as much as Apology was worshipped by the enthusiastic Tykes." This past Leger was a sensational one in many respects. The Derby winner scratched for the Leger on the morning of the race-so late, in fact, that thousands never heard of it until they reached Don caster-and, to add to the excitement, " the parson's mare " was reported amiss. She did really go a trifle lame a day or two be fore the race, so much so that Osborne telo graphed to the parson his doubts. The reply of the old man was characteristic--" she must go if she has only three legs to go on." The public should have a run for their money unless the mare actually broke down, was the parson's resolve. How she did not break down; hbt ran and won easily, to the delight of all Yorkshire, is now well known and recorded in columns upon columns in the home press.-Australasian. " IttI?ES TAIKE WINas."-It is not only individuals who have suddenly increased in prosperity, and as suddenly gone down into nothingness; there are cities of which the same can he said. Such a one is Pithole city, Pa. Within one month of the comple tion of the first house this city had a tele graph office and a hotel costing the owners 80,000 dollars. In one month there was a daily paper established, and in the next a theatre; in another month another theatre, and then an academy of music. In six months there were seventy-four hotels and boarding-houses; in the seventh month the city had reached its highest prosperity. It then had about 15,000 inhabitants, elaborate waterworks, a city hall, and an extensive city government. Then occurred the com pletion of a labour-saving enterprise- the so-called Miller Farm Pipe Line-by which the petroleum was sent off independent of the labouring population. At once 4000 persons were thrown out of employment, while 2000 horses became useless. This was the death-blow toPithole city. At once the hotels, theatres, and the telegraph office were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, while almost every one packed up his trunk and moved out. Only nine families remained out of a population of 15,000 souls, while the railroad from Pithole and Oleopolis rune only one train a day, consist ing of a locomotive and a single car, which is usually empty; but the company is obliged to keep running, otherwise the charter for the road would be lost. They still hope against hope for that unfortunate city, which in only seven months was born, full grown, got sick, and died.- Undoubt edly this is a case unparalleled in history, modern or ancient; neither Egypt nor Greece can give examples of such rapid changes. Boston Times. A FLIGHT OF IThIAINATION.-Ooe of the most painful at the same time wonderful incidents of modern days occurred last month in Phillips County, United States. An amiable and gifted lady, Miss Boomershine, died under peculiarly distressing circum stances. It seems from the account given of the affair by the Troy Ohief, that about a year ago a family from Georgia, of German descent, named Boomershine, settled near the western line of Phillips County. Miss Boomershine had an awk ward habit of eating clay, which she usually obtained from the roadside. Unfortunately early this summer the grasshoppers swarmed in the district where the Boomershines lived, and soon began depositing their eggs in the gardens, fields, and roadside. It was not long before Miss Boomershine began to complain of internal pains, and exhibited oth. r symptoms of a nature so alarming as to cause serious anxiety to her friends. Her fancy for eating clay subsided, but she was constantly nibbling blades of corn, leaves of trees, dog-fennel, and other eWeede, and frequently said she felt as if she " could take wings and fly away." At last her family called in Dr. Le Duo of Phillipsburg, who said he had never before seen or read of such a case, and that in his opinion Miss' Boomershine must be labouring under as mental hallucination. Her desire to " fly continued unabated until the other day, when grasshoppers commenced rising and taking their flight. Miss Boomershine ap peared very restless that morning-standing at the window and watching the grashoppers, while her friends wereanxiously watching her. Suddenly, as though unable to control her self, she rushed out of the house, flapped her arms as though they were wi gs, rose about ten feet in the air, and then fell to the ground dead. .A post-mortem examination by Dr. La Due revealed the fact that within she " was literally swarming with grass hoppers." The instincts of these insects prompted her to mirrate with other grass hoppers, and hence the eccentric conduct and death of this unhappy girl. FASHIIONABLE INTELLIGENCE. -There was a party given in Dallas, Kansas, and this is the way a reporter of that place goes into the toilet business:-" Miss X. wore a red bombazino dress, ruched with point alpaca, and an over- skirt of rose gingham with a border of parsley blossoms. Her tournure was particularly noticeable, from the fact that her hair was so delioiously scrambled in front. She also wore No. 9 lilac double button gloves, No. 6 store shoes, slashed at the heels, and Pompadour socks." AN ATLANTIC MAIL- STEA)tER IN COLLISION WITh AN IooEnER.-Oaptain Price, of the Guion steamer Nevada, which left New York on the 20th ultimo for Liverpool, re ports that on the 5th instant, during a dense fog, three men being on the look-out, the chief officer saw an iceberg right ahead, and on the port bow. He immediately ordered the helm hard to port, and engines to be reversed full speed, which orders were promptly executed, but in about thirty seconds from the time it was first seen the ship struck it with the port bow, outting away a portion of it, and then going clear, leaving it on the port bow. On examining the ship it was found that three plates on the port bow, below the covering board, wore damaged and broken, the beams of the fore castle bent, and sundry other minor damage. Some tons of ice fell on tie forecastle deck, but the ship made no water, and arrived safely at Liverpool. NEOLEOT OF THE COUNTRY DISTRIOTS. Our financial seccess is reaped from the several districts of the colony, but only a foew of those districts participate in it. The cream of the national milk is skimmed off for the exclusive benefit of the metropolie, and this will continue to be the case until some harmonious course of action is devised by the country districts for the purpose of counteracting the fatal tendency which all governments systomatically show of pandor ing to Sydney wants. For instance, in the matter of the extension of the blessings of the public school system town and country do not fare alike. Ic the country the people must show they have an interest in the establisihmont of a public school by putting their hands in their breeches' pockets pretty deeply before the ear of the government can he charmed into attention. In Sydney, schoolhouse after schoolhouse is going up,at the sole charge of the consolidated revenue. We do not think that the principle which leads to the last-mentioned result is ab etractedly a wrong one, but it is certainly one which should be served out alike to all districts of the country, metropolitan or not. That is only one example out of many of the way in which cabinet after cabinet profess an abject faith in centralization. The pro vinces feel this chronic neglect-hence a profound insouciance in up-country districts as to the details of a budget speech. Mr. Lloyd's or Mr. Lord's utterances have an equal value in our rustic ears. We know that however big the surplus is that our roands and bridges won't be bettered, that the surveying work of the district won't be kept up to date, that the local things which should be done will not be done. No, nothing will be done for the districts which supply the most and the best of the grist to the national mill until the material interests of the individual settler take first place in the political considerations of colonial statesmen. It might be well if high-statesmanship were a while deferred until good roads, regular postal accommodation, and a cheap and effcient diepens ation of justice were at the immediate command of every person who had shown sufficient faith in the colony tb tako up a freehold in it.-Burrangoog Chronicle. DIsoRAoEFUL SoENE IN A OcURoH.-On Sept. 29, a most disgraceful scene took plage in the parish church, Preston. The daughter of a respectable tradesman was about to pe married to a butcher whom she had only seen twice previously, when the father of the bride, hearing of the wedding, went to the church before the ceremony had commenced. It is said he swore at the clergyman, who refused to show him the license, seized hold of the bridegroom, and, with the aid of his son, endeavoured to get the girl away. She refused to go, and clung to the bridegroom. On the police entering the church the father demanded that the bride should be taken into custody for stealing the watch which she was wearing and also the apparel which she had on. The girl, who was much terri fied, gave the watch up, but the father' con tinued to denounce the conduct of his daughter, who, he averred, had lost £3000 by marrying without his consent. The policeman refused to take the bride into custody, and at last ejected the father and eon from the church, when the marriage ceremony was proceeded with. PRESSMEN IN THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMcENT. -" In the new parliament the press and the printing trade is moderately well represented. The minister of public education is the Heon. Angus Mackay, the proprietor of the Bendigo Advertiser. Mr. Hunt, the proprietor of a paper at Kilmore, had the honour of defeat ing Sir John O'Shannassy, the great free trade champion. Three of the members were at one time journeymen-printers, and one of them was chairman of committees in the last parliament. The Hon. Mr. Berry, the ex-treasurerof the colony, and a member of the new parliament, is proprietor of the Geelong Advertiser. The Hon. George Higinbotham, the most progressive politician in the house, was formerly the editor of, the Argus; and Mr. G. P. Smith, our leading county court barrister and member of parlia ment occupied a similar position on the Age. Mr. Julius Vogel, premier of New Zealand, was at one time a writer on the Dunolly and Maryborough Advertiser.-Oorrespondent of Printer's Raeister. BRIoanx YOUNG DENOUNcES POLYGAMY. The lawsuit, brought by Ann Ely against Brigham Young, has caused Brigham to level the heaviest spear against Mormonism that has ever been flung at it. She sues for divorce. He replies that there never was a marriage, that before he was united to her he was previously married, and that she knew it ; that his marriage to her was 'not a legal one but only a plural or celestial marriage, and was so understood by her. In short we have the singular result that thee; head of the polygamous system himself comes' into court and denies the legal validity of' polygamous marriages, and by consequenced of the legitimacy of the children of such' marriages. Is M.nrmonism already strangled, or is Brigham in his dotage ? A MURDERER'S WILL.-A man who went by the name of Thomas Macdonald, and who was recently executed at Exeter for the murder of a woman with whom he lived, made a will after his condemnation, leaving all his money and effects, after paying. the expenses of the funeral of the murdered woman, to her two children, a girl seventeen years of age and a boy of about fourteen, both holding respectable situations in Ply mouth. The money willed to those two amounts to about £19, and is to be divided between them in such proportions as their father, the husband of the woman Welsh, who is a master-stoker in the royal navy, may think proper. The condemned man frequently said if he was not hanged he should destroy himself. In illustration of the devotion of our young follows to healthy and manly sport, here is a fact. One firm in Melbourne sold this year 700 tfirAt-class bats; and last week there wasn't a cricket-bail to be had in Melbourne for love or money. This is something to put against larriklinism, for thie young athlete is seldomn a coward and a ruiflin. I was struck the other day by the philosophy of a casual remark by one of the fastest gentlemen runners Victoria over had. We were dis cussing the peculiar ill temper-what the Americans call tie " onsodness"--of a clever young Victorian who has had so far a auccessful career. "AAh," said my friend, "he chould lavo played football when he was young. That's thie thing to take the nonsense out of a follow, and teach him good temper."--.Eles in thne Australasian. GINGER FPLASTER.--In headache, a ginger plaster, made by bruising ginger with a little water to the consistence of a poultice, applied to a forehead affords in many instances much relief. Tootnache and faneachne arne some times relieved by the same application to the face. What will not a woman do, says a B3rook. lyn paper, for a man she loves: tiHer hand was the first to reach and drag The bottln fron' the solf- " It is your Oclrna, dear John," she said; And drank it tip horseolf. "The sun is all very well," said an Irish man, " but in my opinion the moon is worth two of it; for the moon affords us light in the night-time, when we really want it; whereas we have the sun with us in the day time, when we have no occasion for it." n 