ON GETTING MARRIED. I tuko-peu iu-liand-to-poipe trate anactiole on "getting married" when I have never beW'marrie'd in my life, und, con- gaquently/oafinot ba expected to know much »bout it, may surprise those of my reader# ) who Cbhid9r it \voriJi while to devote a "jthdught to the subject; either one way or the \- other. But I maintain that if is the vepy fact of my .not having entered what is called, ). With bitter irony, "tbe happy state," which ghould be my recotu mendation. I stand, as it - were, afar off— I am perched upon an eminence .where I can view the ceremony in "all ghastly details ; I ain far removed qni'ith'e.' 6,uppoBed enthralling:. powers of ' raven or -auburn hair, of bluck.eyea or blue ; I am far out of the ieaoh of tbe temptations afiiidimpled-smiles, "..whatever they may be; and tbe-reddest of oherry lips ha)ve no cliarra# for m'e whatever.". My. treaimerit of tha sul> jact' may, therefore, . be relied on as being .Absolutely .impartial;; ; and; if IT. may lean ui£a':litte towards the side- of my . own sox; I'bm -perfectly justified jnjloi.pg.ao,-a8rIJiRy8 -J®Ver;teen.'".retained." .by. tbe.oiiber, side. ..I .havehuever- been --able to-satisfactorily S6ttlq in my own mind whether getting, married is iupOSe'd 'ltf be ;a!' subject )foi" 'rejoicing or ' .m.ou.rning. . .Cei'tRihly, all the weddings I have -feea -would go to prove the latter. The bride "lias always been in tears— the bridegroom "haiBlWays'looked! profoundly miserable.) She .''©S.nis. tip be making the best of a bad job; .'Aid he seems to be hoping tbat some one: will -ohfiritably step forward and step the ceremony at the ; point where tbe officiating clergyman) i'Mke if. anyone ..knows "any just cause orim- pediment;" . die. - /There is one. theory I wis.h to advance with regard to the bridegroom, ahdrttiatlia .that he., has . never _paidTor-his yveddiii g: garments when he enters the church ; he seems in cbn'Btant.feju' lest bia tailbr should _ha, at -hand. with his " little bill;" Observe) the way in which he sneakd from the hired Carriage — -which generally lias, an appro-! priately r funeral . appearance— and glaucesj furtively, round ! See how ill at ease he seems -ih-tbeiie-unpaid-for specimens of- the- tailor's art- what a sickly hue is reflected on his! eoiTbwful countenance- by bis lavender tie.! -Gen'tio' reader, or fair reader; or you, sir, Ay ho1, have passed through- the ordeal, and/conse-< .q.uehtly,TniU8t know. all about. it, tell me— is (;here any thing in my theory ? Of course, in) .this. exceedingly watery, climate of ours, we; must expect a constant succession -of heVvy, -downpours and short, .sharp showers. :; But' 'why should it always rain when marrihges are going on 1 Are hot tlie principal actors) uufficiently depressed" already J ) But for aliej \- singularly inappropriate -nature; of the -simile,; , one. hiigh t say) i t whs heaping; coals fif :flre ; on J their unfqrtuBate.heads.; : T will not go so far; as" (o, say.: that every; marriage yet celebrated ; r has f taken . pluce .on .a w-et ' > daynrLcan. oulyj tcoufluei myself, to my; own experience. V Wei will-'hay I have Seon, : or . " assisted, - at :'a! dozen weddings — wel I) : twelve' of that dozthj : httvocdme off in the 'riiih. " Next to) "tbe) fainting, tho tears, the sal volatile, and the' other accompaniment at the altar, the scene, at the "church door, is, worthy the must alien-; tion. Have you ever watched the group of | old ladieain wonderful pattens and inystoriousj bounete, wilh. noses red from the hibiiiing auv who congregate to see the procession 1 It is' quite 'arstudy.-. ; You never see, a/aiam-'there.: T can only remember having seen a man pre-) : 6ent;oh 'ani occasion' of this sort .once, ' Hej was; the. yery ghost of a.man— his face.deeply; marked with lines which told eloquently u-fi care and Borrow, and although evideiitlyi not! more than forty, tliere was n liberal, spriuk-) ling of, white in his hair. He.iwus'attifed in; i'ciothea which would have been disdained Lby| auy, scarecrow with au atom of self- respect, and altogether appeared thoroughly, miserable': and dejctd) - Approaching the; church, he! inquired of. the females there, assembled,! "What" was going on?" "A wedding,": .'replied, r a), dozen ; eager") voice.. ; The1, mail ) turned away with an expression on his face in) which .contempt and sadness were strangely ; blended; and in a low, heart-hroke'n tone, said) " I >never saw bat) i one wedding in niy life 'thaV-was1 my own."— Town and Country. : ' i ; The Syracuse Journal says", that a'gentto1 -jnaiv-of that city, who.for, some time had bus-! pected ,1)18 hired girl of pouring kerosine on; .the fire/filled tlie can with water. lIe;)arosp: to find ho breakfast ready, the ." fjiel in" the i to ve saturated, with water, and a foolish looking hired girl wondering ;what waB the) 8»»tter with the fire. '' : p : , . .. Tin TItica" Hfiiald aayB men..will)never| know what effect it would.liave had on Job' if eleven little girls had called on him, one) i«fter vanotber,-_ and tried - to sell him Sunday-' -ff ehool picnic tickets. ,. ..-A T'TO'lu.). i ' T 'Dr Beke communicates ; the, folloiying ex-' . traot.pf a letter recently received from, ay resi-) dent at Borna, Western Africa, under date! date of August 12: — I am proceeding to-dayi or to-morrow to Mupuco," Upper Congo. In1 a few days we expect there the Liviiigstone; Expedition, which cannot proceed from; i t. Salvador." " Livingstone himsolt is a prisoner ig- a toiva twenty days from here, but is, en-) tirely without means to pay his ransom. \- Assistance -has, however, been sent to'him,) aqd be may be here in a month or so." ' ' ! 