FISHER'S GHOST. (The Empire.) The Fisher's ghost story is a remarkable instance of the tenacity with which super stitious and credulous people continue to cling to a belief in lies, even long after they have been exposed and refuted. It is true that a mail named Fisher was murdered at Campbelltown, and that the man who mur dered him was convicted and hanged in Sydney. This was in 1S32, and the report of the trial will be found in the Sydney Gazette for that year. There is not ofcourse a syllable about a ghost in the "authentic account" of the case. That pare of the story was not invented until six or seven years afterwards, and first made its appear ance in the Australian Magazine—a little monthly publication issued, if we remember rightly, in 183S. lu this ingeniously con trived tiction, fouiided upon facts, the ghost part of the story is so artfully interwoven with the real names, dates, and circum stances that many people who ought to have known better received the whole account as truth. The story created some sensation at the time, and 110 doubt answered the pur pose of the writer in bringing his magazine into notice. Some two or three years after wards (in 1841) this story, having been copied iu other publications and widely cir culated, gave rise to a lengthened series of discussions on the subject of ghosts iu a de bating class at the Sydney School of Arts. The believers in ghosts were many, and would in all probability—in consequence of the wide-spread belief in the reality of Fisher's ghost—have carried the vote by a mere weight of numbers against their more sensible opponents, but for one circumstance. The writer of the ghost story had given the name of the person who saw the ghost (a re spectable resident of Cauipbelltown), and through whose instrumentality the murderer had been brought to justice. This gentle man, on seeing his name in the papers in connexion with so absurd a matter in the re ports of the ghost debates at the School of Arts, immediately wrote to the Herald, giving a statement of the real facts and in dignantly exposing the falsehood of the ghost part of the story, which, he said, had not a shadow of foundation in fact, and respecting which nothing had been heard at the time of the discovery of the murder, nor for years afterwards. The letter to which wo refer will be found in the files of the Herald for the year 1841—we forget the exact date. In giving this somewhat lengthy statement we have not the slightest expectation of being able to convince siily and credulous people that the Fisher's ghost story is untrue—for the exposure has been several times made without efl'ect—but as illustrating the re markable vitality of lying statements when they appeal to the superstitious feelings of I ignorant people. 