Luke. (In the Colorado-park, 1873.) BY BRET HARTE. Wor's that you're readin'?—a novel? A novel—well, darn my skin! You a man grown and bearded and histin' such stuff as that in— Stuff about gala and their sweetheart*! No wonder you're thin ez a knife. Look at me—clar two hundred—and nerer read one in my life. That's my opinion o' novel*. And ez to their lyin' round here, They belonged to the Jedge's daughter—the Jedge who came up last year On aooonnt of his lungs and the mountains and the balMuu o' pine and fir; Aud hia daughter—well, she read novels, and that's what* the matter with her. Yet she was sweet on the Jedge, and stock by him day and night, Alone in the cabin up yer—till she grew like a ghost, all white She wus only a slip of a thing, ez light and ez up and away Ez rifle-smoke blown through the wood*, bat she wasn't my kind—no way! Speakin' o' gals, d'ye mind that house ez you rise the hill, A mile and a half from White*, aud jist above Mat tingly's mill?, You do? Well now, thar'* a gal 1 What, yom saw her? O, come now, thar, quit! She was only bedevlin' yon boys, for to me she don't cotton one bit. Now, she's what I call a gal—ez pretty and ptamp ez a quail; Teeth ec white as a hounds, and they'd go through a ten penny nail; Eyes that kin snap like a cap. So she asked to know "wharlwashidr She did ! O, it's jist like her saw, for she's peart as a Katy-did. But what was I talking of»-O! [the Jedge and his daughter—she read Xovels the whole day long, and I reckon she read them abed, And sometimes she read them out load to the Jedge on the porch where he sat, And 'twas how "Lord Augustus" said this, and how " Lady Blanche" she said that. But the sickest of all that I heerd was a yarn thet they read 'bout a chap, " Leather-stocking" by name, and a hunter chock full o" the greenest o sap; And they atsked me to hear, but I says, " Mist Mabel, not any fur me; When 1 likes I kin sling my own lies, and thet chap and 1 shouldn't agree." Yet somehow-or-other she was always sayin' I brought her to mind Of folks about whom she had read, or sathin* belike of thet kind, And thar wam't no end o' the names that she give me thet summer up here, " Robin Hood," " Leather-stocking," " Rob Roy,"— O, I tell you, the critter was queer. And yet ef she hadn't been spiled, she was K»w«i—» Enough in her way, She conk) jabber in French to her dad, and they said that she knew bow to play, And she worked me that shot-poach ap thar—which the man doesn't lire ez kin use, And slippers—you Bee em down yer—ez wouhl cradle an Injin'* pappoose. Vet along o' them novels, you tee, she was wnlin* and mopin* away, And then she got shy with her tongue, and at but had uothiu' to say ; Aud whenever I happened around, her face it was hid by a book, And it warn't until she left that she give me as much as a look. Ami this was the way it was: It was night when I kern up here To say to 'em all "good bye," for I reckoned to go for deer At "sunup" the day they left. So I shook 'em all round by the hand, 'Cept Mabel, and t>he was sick, ez they give me to understand. But jist ez I pa*aed the house next morning at dawn, some one, Like a little waver o" mist, got up on the hill with the sun; Mi*B Mabel it was, aloue—all wrapped in a mail tie o' lace ■ Awl »he Htood there straight iv the road, with a touch o' tuo sun iv her face. Aud she looked me right in the eye—l'd seen suthin' like it before Whttii I hunted a wounded doe to the edge o' the Clear Lake shore, And I had my knee on its iteck, and jut was raisin' my knife When it give me a look like that, and—well, it got off with ite life. '• We are going to-day," she said, " aud I thought I would say good-bye To you in your own house, Lake—these woods, and the bright blue sky! You've always been kind to us, Luke, and papa has found you still As good as the air he breathes, and wholesome a» Laurel Tree-hilL " And we'll always think of you, Luke, as the thing we could not take away ; The halanui that dwells iv the woods, the rainbow that lives in the spray. And you'll sometimes think of me, Luke, as you know yon once used to say, A rifle-innoke blown through the woods, a moment, but never to stay." And then we shook lianda. She turned, but a-suddent she tottered and fell, And I caught her sharp by the waist, and held her a uiinit—well, It was ouly a niiuit, you know, that ez cold and ez white she lay Ez a snow-flake here on my breast, and then—well, she melted away— And was gone. . . And thar are her books; but I says not any for me, Good enough may be for some, but them and I mightn't agree; They spiled a decent gal ez might her made some chap a And look at me!—clar two hundred—and never read one in my life 1 Qui ra la t —A well-known solicitor ©f Mel bourne has recently disappeared. At first no attention was paid to his absence from business, but on Saturday last several of his friends became painfully aware of the fact, and upon in* sUtuting inquiries they discovered that he had cleared out for San Frandaco. 