GREAT BRITAIN GIRTON AND MERTON. A whiter in the Pall Mall Gazette gives tlie following interesting description of two institutions lately established at Cambridge for lady students: — ' I do not know how many years ago it is now since a yonng man who had been at Cambridge came away and dreamed the sweetest of fairy tales, and wrote it down and sang it to others in a subtle music that had charmed and stilled all our hearts. The poet's school was one of wide philosophy, of tender detail, and tumultuous fancy from whence he drew the sunny dream of Ida and her maidens. The girls of her days grew up loyal subjects to that strong-minded princess. They would have at once enthusiastically responded, I think, had they been told that a time was to come when they might watch the poet's vision struggling into life ; awak ening into shape and form; turning into bricks, into subscription lists and commit tees ; working into life aad substance through good and ill report, through opposition and perseverance. To-day the fancy has strug gled into fact ; you can touch the walls and they will not dissolve into air ; mount the stone steps, and they will bear your weight ; ring the iron-bell of the college at Girton, or enter Merton-hall by its green side gate ; crow cocks as they will, rub in credulous eyes, it is no dreaming fancy, and will not disappear. There stands the college —a fact undeniable. A few hundred years or so is all that we need ask to give the gables of Girton some tone and harmony of colour. Perhaps their best friends may wish for a little ill usage, a few changes, devastations, fires, and attacks by party zeal ; they may hope for some historic Ida to look from the oriel window across the wide-spreading plain ; for some Royal Princess to retire thither, flying from the cares of life and courts to pass her time in studious application; for a Mary Somerville to work her great problems in one of those comfortable studies ; perhaps enthusiasts may also hope for a few rats let I loose to scamper along the broad blue -lined 3 passages, or for the ghost of some scandalised 1 ancestress to flit about, sampler in hand, on I dusky summer evenings; but otherwise, I 1 think, they must be well satisfied with the 1 handsome comfortable house and its present a dignities and future possibilities. I It was a cloudy afternoon, and as we I drove up along the road we saw the gables I standing out against the grey sky. The bare I plains seemed clothed and shaded by the I drifts of rain cloud ; and groat Trinity itself I could not produce more beautiful and tender I effects of light and shadow than did the I brand-jaew avenues of Girton. It is certain I that until the trees are grown her students I should pray for cloudy weather. The friend I who brought us to Girton told us something 1 of the history of the college as we came 1 along. Lady S. is a member of the m committee, who has given full aad warni 1 hearted sympathy to the movement for 1 women's education. The oriel window in 1 the dining-room is, among many others, her 1 gift to the cause and to the college. She in 3| troduced us to the principal, by whose kind jl ness we were taken over the place — a build er! ing of fair proportions, comfortable, hand icl some, and airy, wanting in cobwebs, as I hiive jj said, but well built aad well devised, with a I m possibility of extension when future genera ;!? tions have come up and more and more girl |!1 graduates come to be taught. The square 'M stone staircase leads us to long galleries, from |H which the different doors open into separate jJ sets of rooms. A sitting-room and bedroom ijjfl as allotted to each lady — sometimes there is m oue 'big room with a curtain to divide. Each !?? student's name was neatly written on her Bffl door, and where we were admitted we gene 9 rally found a lady, a writing table, and a cup m ot 4 o clock tea. jl One picture in particular I carried a^.iy ^B from a'sunny sort of western bower decorated m an^ perfumed -with wild hyacinths and may ,jjl flowers* where'a young Melissa with a bright M face was sitting absorbed in her work — with m &.big dictionary open beside her. The prin tij cipal knocked at the door, and the student »S started up from her books to welcome us jfl with a charm of manner from which most m certainly neither Aristotle nor Liddell and J| Scott had detracted. *1 I* was curious to realise that those girls, it! quietly bending over their desks with the M big books open beside them, were, perhaps, M patiently working out problems of all sorts W besides those actually before them. There m may be opposition and difficulty, there may 9 be prejudice and reason in much that is I said. Here at Girton their lines are but {I wigs, _ their walls are untoned by the soften jl ing veils of sympathy and long custom ; but M what do the students care though the walls ?1 are new? While people cry out against M systems of teaching they are taught, and m while controversies rage they work on. jfl Ifl&to; and Aristotle are their companions; II iir^-i aro meeting great minds, trying to 1 '/'J* w»eir thoughts, and to follow the truth J in their steps. And in the might of young 3 minds stirring to great things, to progress M ana perseverance and strength of will, one J teals that they are independent of lichen. There were two lectures going on while we were in the college, and the ladies passed us with their books and papers. One lec turer brought a very noble- looking person, as yet ignorant of Greek, and who was shut up in the tutor's room, where he was left lying on the floor and wagging his bushy tail while the lecture went on. The tutor told a friend of mine that Greek was a favourite subject among the students. She also spoke in a few words of her own pleasure in the work, and interest in her pupils, and delight in their success. It is a well-known fact, as I heard upon the highest authority in all Cambridge, that at a recent examina tion one of the very best papers upon Aris totle, if not the very best, was written by a lad v student at Girtoa . Looking out from one of the windows of the gallery we saw a girl digging in the garden, and some one said, ' Oh, Miss ? — finds digging better exercise than any other after her work.' It seemed almost like a little apologue to some of us to watch this young colonist at work upon the waste, turn ing over the soil. A gardener who was standing by seemed to be directing her labours. This piece of waste land is a settle ment in a territory where for the first time women colonists have been allowed to establish themselves. The great race of Dons to whom the land belongs have not refused to admit them, but have hospitably encouraged them, shared their stores with them, and given their help and their protec tion. As we came away we passed a girl walking quickly along the road with her books. She was a studeut from Merton hall, who had come to attend one of the lectures at Girton. merton-hall diners only irom Girton m ifcs different measurement for the work done within its precincts. ' The ladies at Girton follow as closely as possible the curriculum of graduates who are reading for honours ; Merton-hall is a residence for students not necessarily candidates for an examination. Practically, however, the fact that a great number of them are about to enter for the higher local examination exercises a guiding influence over their lines of study.' I am quoting from a report lately published in which the rise of the institution is described, Miss Clough, the principal, first took a small house in Cambridge for the accom modation of the lady students who wished to attend the lectures there ; afterwards, as their numbers increased, she removed to Merton-hall, a pretty old house, standing in shade and silence among trees, with pleasant old garden rooms and a certain home-like ease and sense of peace. It seemed to me that I was reading another page out of the ' Princess,' as I followed L. in his swinging black gown and trencher cap as he led the way along the lane that runs from St. John's to the side gate of Merton Hall. The May term sun was shining, rival green circles of roses and May-leaf were enclosing us on every side ; we could see the aoademic cattle browsing in the field, black-robed figures quietly flitting in the distance, a thrush up in a tree outdinned the bell as it jangled in the sunshine, and we stood waiting for ad mission. After a short delay we were let into a little garden room, where the principal was sitting at her papers and correspondence. She showed us some of it, relating to a new house that is being built for herself and her stu dents, a dignity to which Merton-hall is to be promoted, somewhat, as it seemed to me, against its will, for both students and princi pal love their old trees, and seemed to grudge them to convenience and necessity. The size of the house very much depends upon the sum of money subscribed by the friends of tho undertaking, It is to be built up with shares and bonds and all the usual securities, and there is also a subscrip tion list for those interested in its success. There will be comfortable arrangements for the students, aad the present system will of course be pursued. As I passed through the i-uom«, I was introduced to some of the ladies, wno -nn.xe sitting at their work at neat study tables in grecu bay windows, with a pervading sense of Cambiidee groves and nightingales and cloisters beyond; bk© only thing wanting to complete the charm of the picture seemed to me some such college habit as that in which my friend L. appears to advantage. I thought of Melissa's ' col lege gown that clad her like an April daffodil.' Mr. Disraeli and the Comtb de Cham ped. — As already briefly stated by tele graph, the Paris Figaro lately attributed to Mr. Disraeli a phrase in which, in speaking of French politics, he expressed a desire that ' Providence would open the eyes of the Count de Chambord, unless indeed His will should be to close them.' That journal has now received the following rectification: — ' 10 Downing-street, Whitehall, London, May, 25, 1874.— Sir,— In the Figaro of the 21st there are appears a paragraph imputing certain words to Mr. Disraeli relative to the Comte de Chambord. I am desired by Mr. Disraeli to inform you that no such expres sions or any equivalent; to them ever escaped his lips. — I have the honour to be, sir, with high consideration, your obedient servant MONXACrUE COBBy.' 