THERE can be no denying the fact), that for many years ''the glories of Regatta day' have been yradualiy but surely declining from their original splendour. Thirty years ago the Hobart Town Begatta, in every element dear to. lovers of Aquatic Sports was something to marvel at and to delight in. We do not believe that even in the 'Old Coun try' could such stalwart and perfect crews of pullers, be marshalled as the ?ingle port of Hobart Town . furnished. Bay — whaling had so exercised our boatmen that no strangers whether American or British, or belonging to the Mercantile or Naval services, cculd successfully compete against them 'for the honor and rewards of the aquatic contests on Kegatta day. The Flotilla, which in those palmy days was Wont to leave our wharf for the trysting waters, was something to remind us of the descriptions we read, of that which in the days of its ancient glory, went forth from the canals of Venice to do honour to the nuptials between her ' Dog** an-* *^e flacid waters of the Adriatic Instead of a score or two of boats as in these times some hundreds were to be seen trimmed with brilliant banting; and moving to the sounds of cheering muBic. The spectacle as ' compared to that which we are accus tomed to witness, was like that of the triumphant march of a great conqueror ? ai ctntraeted with the funeral proces sion of a pauper, arid to what causes are we to attribute this woeful allingoff? This indifference on the part, of our men of substance of means of social in fluence in regard to our national sports and amusements ? We do not overlook the fact that the cessation of Bay-whaling has materially decreased the member as well asdetracWd from the quality of our oarsmen ; but still we have quite enough of excellent material to. sustain a respectable Annual Regatta, if those whom society regards as its legitimate leaders, were to do their duty, and not to conclude that they had performed, all that waa required of them when their' miserable subscription was handed to. the Trea surer for the time being. This is tho ?urse and bane of Tasmania — the more particularly at this side of the island. Everything; is left to be done by a feiv spitited struggling men in business, and V persons who have to work hard to obtain their livings ; while those whose time is their own, and who are in the possession of ample means, avoid, as they would a pestilence, all association with the ' mere tradesmen ' whom their own neglect of duty to the society in which they prospered, compels to take the lead or else sit calmly by and witness the total extinction of some of the most creditable- of our national festivities. . It is not the ' presumption,'1 the ' cheek ' as it is sneeringly desig nated of the tradesman which has driven our local ' aristocracy ' from active participation in the work of pre paring for such national celebrations as our Annuul Regatta, . and Races, but the indifference, selfishness, and apathy of the ' aristocracy ' that have left our tradesman and others no other choice but to put up quietly with the conse quences of the want of a proper spirit among their social superiors, or to main tain so far as their means permit, sora ? faint memorial of the most honored and creditable of our sporting institutions. In every other part of the world it has been truly remarked that if only a few dozen of ' Britishers ' do congregate even under tents, provided there are two horses to be had, or even a brace of donkeys, races are* at once improvised. In fact, a love for horse and boat racing appears to be inherent in British flesh and blood ; although by some process or another it would seem to have b-sen worked out or dried out of tho moneyed Old Foggyism,resident in and about the capital ot Tasmania. There is not another town with even half the popu lation, of Hobart Town that does not provide for Annual Horse Races ; but here we have permitted them to die out for want of support, although if liberally sustained they would repay to the oitizeus 50 per cent in return for their outlay in subscriptions. The Regatta would inevitably have passed into the category of the things that were, had it been dependent for its support upon our local '* aristocracy,' whose patron age just amounts to a toleration of wnat would appear to be in their esti mation, an annual nuisance, and not a substantial recognition of a grand and ennobling national festivity, calculate 1 to improve and encourage the growth of enobling and manly qualities, and to perpetuate tbe race and virtues of the old, Norse Vikings. Great credit is due to the spirited man who unappalled by discouragements, and braving the diffi culties created by indifference and apathy have once more succeeded in securing for the citizens another opportunity of enjoying a Hobart Town Regatta. They are entitled to the' thanks of the public; and we are sure they will be awarded them with general acclamation. Theatre Royal. — Rory O'More was played to an excellent house last night, for the benefit of that popular favourite Mr Andrewe.v Considering that the majority of the ladies and gentlemen who personified the different characters of the comic drama, cannot be supposed to have their organs of speech attuned to the musical accents ot the Isle of the Shamrock, the piece was exceedingly well played. There was a total absence of that vulgar burlesque which was wont to pass comment among strangers to, 'the peculiarities 'of Irish character, and what is popularly known : as the Irish Brogue. Mr Andrews as Rory O'More, did justice to his part, and was frequently and deservedly ap plauded. Miss Juno as Kathleen, al though not quite an Irish, as she is a Scotch woman; did her part with all the navi te and natural grace of a true ' daughter of the sod.' Of Mr Ireland; we can only say all he had to do was n ell done, bnb we hardly think his un doubted abilities are done justice to in confining their exercise to such subor dinate parts as Shan Dhu. The play altogether went off to the full satisfac tion of tho audience. Mr West as De Welskin, made an admirable Frenchman in Rory O'More, and in both the comedy and the afterpiece, tho excel lent singing of Miss Nellie Montague and Miss Bella Sutherland was rewarded with tho hearty applause of the audience. The entertainment was in every par ticular an excellent one, and the fact of the thentre holding its ground amid so many counter attractions, is the best evidence of the excellence of tbe man agement, as well as the unusual ability of the company. The same play and af'erpiece will be repeated this evening, and on Wednesday ' Duty ' will be brought on the boards for the benefit of Mrs. Alfred Phillips, whose personation of Betty in Rory O'More exhibited her great versatile powers, Of all who took part in the performance of this Irish Comedy she certainly evinced the greatest familiarity with the true music of the 'brogue.' Burton and Taylor's Circus. — There was again 'a large audience drawn to-' gether to witnois the attractive pro gramme produced at the circus last uight, au-3 each item was raptorously applauded as it was presented. The fearless bare bached riding of little Willie Cousins, who appeared as the English Fox Hunter, evoked hearty demonstrations of applause, while every member of the gymnastic troupe seemed to.eclipse his former efforts. We have once more to pen a word of praise to the gymnasts. Their performances are really highly commendable and are well worth seeing. Mr. Burton in annonncing his farewell performance to-morrow evening, stated that the whole strength, of the company would be brought forward, and that an entire chauge of programme would take place. Rowing Club Conceut.-t-A large assembly of ladies and gentlemen at tended the concert given at the Town Hall laat evening by the members of the Philharmonic Society, in aid of the Building fund of the Rowing Club. Tho concert was under the co/iductorship ot Mr. F. A. Packer, and was one of the most brilliant successes of the season. The organ selections by Mr F. A. Packer were grand pieces of instrumentalisation We may instance tbe selection from Oberon and Der Freischutz as having been very highly appreciated. Where all the vocal part of the programme was so well presented, it would be unfair to single out particular, songs, we may mention however that the ballad Phillis is my only love, Re venge, the soprano solo and chorus, Come Forward with Pleasure, and Rest Thee on this Mossy Pillow, were all rendered in an excellent manner. We congratulate the members of the Der went Rowing club in having secured the services of ladies and gentlemen well qualified to procide an evening's entertainment of an intellectual charac ter, and we were pleased to sea that there is a reeling favourable to the sup port of a club, as manifested by the large number that assembled at the Town Hall last night, having for its object the training of our yontb. in the manly exercise of rowing. Rkgatta. — A meeting of the Execu tive Committee was held at the Bird in Hand, Argyle-street last evening, Mr. Dowdell in the chair. The principal business transacted was the receiving of entries for the seventh race, for barges under thirty tons- The following entries wore received :— King Billy, 30 tons ; John and Margaret, 26 ; Alfred and *?, Lizzie, 30 ; Thistle 21 ; Esther 30. j Brain Printing,— Owina to the j limited attendance last evening, Mr. i T. P. Hill gave, only a portion of his ; lecture, on this interesting subject. He \ announced that on Wednesday evening, 'j he would resume it ; and, should en- ; couragement be given to him, continue : it on tho following Thursday and \ Friday evening. Mr. Hill also inti mated that he would be happy tp im- '? part his system of mnemonics to % clas8 formed by those desirous o? learning it. j Charged With Murdeb.— The man Patrick Nolan, who was acquitted yes terday on a charge of having stolen certain articles, the property of William Fisher, from Bird Island, was arrested immediately afterwards, charged with having wilfully murdered John Wright ^ A at Bird Island. It will be fresh in the & minds of our readers that the skeleton of | a man was found at Bird Island on the ' 15th\Noveniber. It will also be re membered that two men named Wright i and Nolan were placed on the Island alone, and when Nolan was asked some time ago where Wright was, he stated that he was drowned while coralhng. It is now supposed that tbe skeleton found was that of Wright, and the . ' charge with which Nolau now stands ! accused is that, he mardered him. ;?' Appointment op Libhabian.— The committee appointed by the Municipal ' Council, to select three applicants from the number of those who* had ; applied for the office of Libiarian, to the Public Library handed in the three j following names : Messrs. Taylor, Best, ? and Symonds. From these Mr Taylor was elected, and Mr. Beat came next. j Mr. Taylor, the gentleman now elected | to the office, has filled a j similiar p'osition at New Norfolk. He is known to be of a literary turn, hav- | ing delivered a lecture recently on . \ phrenology, and' he is well qualified to discharge the duties of the office to which he has been elected. ? ?/ A Ghost Indeed.— Tbe Smythesdale y* correspondent of the Ballarat Star fur nishes the following mysterious para- j graph :— ' Mr. Philip King Tucker, .' post and telegraph master in this town, j relates a' very singular occurrence in / connection with the death of his prede* cessor, Mr. W. Weston, the suicide. Mr. Tucker states that while he was out in front of the post office watching j lor the night coach the third night after Weston's death, he distinctly saw Wes- I ton's apparation .walking up and down 1 several, times along the flags adjacent to I the post office window. Mr. Tucker 1 then went in and lay dowa in bed, | leaving the lamp burning. In the % course of a , few minutes the apparation P again appeared, the features quite dis- I tinct, and the very expression of coun- I tenance palpable, and laying one hand on the knob of the banister, and placing a toot on the first step of the stairs, looked wistfully, at Mr. Tucker and ex claimed, *' Oh, Philip, I'm wretched, wretched, wretched.' Mr. Tacker fur ther states that when he extinguished the light and lay down in bed a violent rush of wind, as in a storm, came through the room, and actually under his bed. Mr. Tucker disclaims all con nection with spiritualism in its. modern professed forms, bufc at the same time he avows unalterable belief in this % manifestation on the * night side of ) nature.'' 