JOSH BILLINGS ON ' DISPEPSHE.' I have been a praktikal dispeptik for 27 years and four mouths ; and it would have been mutiny in my pocket if I had been born without eny tstutninuck. I have prayed up ward of one thousand times to be on the in side like an ostrich or a travelling colporter. I Lave seen travelling colporters who could eat as much as a goose. I have seen a goose eat till he couldn't: stand up enny more, and then set down and eat sum, and then lay down and eat sum, aud then roll over and eat sum more. I have tried living on filtered water and going barefoot, for the dispepshe, and that don't hit the spot. I have soaked at wafer cure establishments until 1 was bo limber that I kouldn't git myself back again inside ov mi Baldwin apparel. I bought a saddle-hoss once, who was got up expressly to kure the disease in 90 day:?, or kill the boss. He waz warranted to trot harder than a trip-liaunuer, pull wusser on the bits, stumble safer down hill, than any other horse on the footstool. I rode the hoss until I woz ov a jelly, and then sold him, bridle and all, for sixty -eight dollars, and got sued by the purchaser, and had to pay him 90 dollars aud some cents damage, bekause the hoss had the ' uimshys,' a disease i knu nothing about. The boss and fixings cost me 450 dollars goid. I koutracted for eleven korcU of hickory wood, krosu-grained, and as pbuii of wrinkies as an old cow's horn, and sawed awav three months on it, and the pile seemed ro grow bigger every day. I finally gave away tLe saw, and what wood thare waz left, to save my life, and sat down discouraged, a square victim to the everlasting dispipshe. I have lived at the sea-side, and gamboled with the saline flood, until I was as well pickled as No. 1 salt uiackreL I have dwelt at Saratoga, and taken the water like a mill, and still had the dLspepshe. I have walked two miles before breakfast, and then ett a slice of dri toast, and haft* tko yolk of a pullet's eg, and felt ali the time as weak as a kitten that iiad just come out of a fitt. I have laid down more than 1 thousand times, aud rolled over once a minute all nite long-, and got up in the morning like a korpse, and thare didn't nothing seem to ail me enny where in particklar. I have read whole library's on the stummuck and liver, and when I*got thru, i knew a groat deal less what wai the matter uv me than when I begun. I have drank whiskee with roots in it enuff to carry off eun y brifije or saw mill in the country. I have worked on. a farm for my vittles and board, and dieted on fride pork and ri bred until i waz az thin az the sermon of a 7 day baptist preacher. I have dun all theze things and 10 thousand other things just as ridikilus; and I have got the old dispepshe yet, just as natural and as thik az the pimples of a 4-vear-oid goose. If you git a good hold of dispepshe once, you kant never looze it entirely : it will cutu around once in awhile like a ghost, and if it don't scare you os much az it did once and raakeyu think you are going to die to-morrow, it will make yu feel just as sorry. — Yours, Josh Billings. 