EUROPE EXPECTANT. (Broad Arrow.) The military manoeuvres on the Continent have once.more fixed attention on tlie stupend ous preparations for war by which the period is distinguished beyond "all others in historical memory. Disguise the fact as we may under -me nigii-souncLuig tonus usecl to express purely defensive measures of preparation, it is still a fact that Europe is being transformed into one vast camp, and that, in round numbers, some six millions of the host manhood of the leading Powers of Europe are withdrawn from product ive industry to prepare for some unforeseen and deadly contingency. The question is where and whence this contingency may arise, and it is only when we try to answer tliis question that tlio real difficulty of the problem presents itself. >It is next to impossible to focus the scattered intelligence on this subject, which makes every where one universal twilight of mistrust, and at no single point burns with sufficient clearness to indicate immediate danger. In our search for a path out of this labyrinth, we seem to wander in the half-green light of a tropical forest, where no object is distinctly seen, and tlie stems and -lianas of the primeval forest, twined in fantastic forms, assume tlie most portentous shapes. At one moment a distant sound Ls heard, which has tlie same effect on weak nerves as a sudden tlnmder-crash, and the next instant a stealthy movement in the bush close at liand .iriakes the hair of the tiriiid stand on end. Those who have been longest accustomed to this political twilight feel no better assurance than the merest novice in its by-paths. Men' who" are familiar at the embassies can tell no more than tlie man ipulator of Renter# telegrams or the speculative writer of a leading article 'in 'his dingy garret. Baron von Molrowserateli shrugs his shoulders when you ask liim what he tliinks of the state 'of 'Europe," '"and "'if ' you "persist, only wanders away into common-places, and tliinks it all very sad. France cannot fight ; Germany does not want to fight ; Austria will' not move in her fine strategic position until she is absolutely compel led ; Italy has enough: to do to hold lier own ; and Russia lias more to gain by watching events than by preoipitating tlieni. Something like tliis is the sum of all that can be said upon- the subject by those who ' ought' to be the best informed, and it is precisely because' 'this is tlie case, while notwitlistancling all tlie Powers stand ready armed against some common arid ill-under stood danger, that the- situation is dangerous.' ? : . In the meanwhile it is certain that there "is ?a smouldering contro of disturbance in France, though the tire has not yet broken, into, flame, and that Germany is ready, though she -is- not desirous to renew the conflict.- - Englishmen and other calm observers who have mixed riiuch in German' society will tell you that-war is the 'one persevering study of riien who, all the tiiiie, have1 only, peaceful tendencies. The universal ity of the conscription, and the ? certainty of being found in the ranks at some time or other, lias this' for its necessary consequence ?in tlie case of a people who, when . they, have to . do, anything,, be it what . it may, apply; all ; their energies to the doing of it well and thoroughly.- The young soldier with, a commission in- the reserve may be a clerk in a merchant's tor bank: er's office ;' but knowing that he must' bne day serve with the colours, he applies: himself with' as much diligence to learning the art of war as if it were the means by which he meant to live and to acquire distinction. There is uot?a.?day that he? does not learn , something new, not, a Week or a month that would not show. -.his marked progress, It is possible he may? stand in the ranks in tlie hour of danger, ' and ?.there- fore, being a German/ and not an English Vol unteer, of a ?Frehch'soiis-6ffieier, he wiU prepiire for his-part-as-if-lio were" a- bom- soldier.- - The result is that ajSerman, with 'all his modesty, speaks of his readiness to renew ?the struggle, without boasting, blit without excitement or feai-. Gome tlie hour' when it may, it will find him ready, and" he?will ' lay- down tlie pen .and take up' the musket with as much sangfroid? as he would join his companions over a social glass and'a'pipe in the evening. "War has become a part of his business, ahd tlie study of : war is pursued in a business-like manner by tlie most business-like of mankind. '".? ',?'? The attidude of tlio gi-eat German nation must be considered as a real danger for Europe, when we find how it irritates France. As Professor Edgar.Quinet pointed out after Sadowa, JjVanco- is constantly menaced by a nation in arms,-- and; a nation whose soldiers follow their schoohnasri ters, headed by. Goetlie 'and SchiUer.' ?.?Alreadyi the passive has turned into tlie active foirih" of warfare,1 as between Protestantism and? Roman Catholicism ; and at the present instant, owing to tlio' policy of . Prince Bismarck, ? there : sire six bishops in prison, and laige masses of the: pop-, ulatipn cursing between tlieir teeth the very ntime? of Protestantism. . An impartial visitor, who should have stood- at once in tliree such towns as Coblentz, Dusseldorf, and Cologne oil the 4tli inst., would havebeenstrangelyimpressed. by the spectacle ' of this antagonism, as shown' by the wild1 enthusiasm of the Protestant popu lation on the anniversary of their great victory, and the sullen silence of the Roman Catholics. This feeling is undoubtedly a source of danger when added to the international causes of stnfe between Germany and France, as.it encourages the hope of alliances which wouldnever have been thought of if the conflict with the Papacy.had not been precipitated by the policy of Bismarck. Latterly, tlie situation of Spain has been thought likely to precipitate the moment of danger, and it is' there in fact, that the struggle is actually 'in progress between modern ideas and- the antiquated claims of. absolutist pretenders to tlie divine right of' government. But Spain ceases to be a source of immediate daqger to the peace of Eu?rope;at tlie instant when Germany ceases to be aggressive, and it is difficult to be-, lieve that anything beyond a, gentle hint is meant by tlio presence of German gimboats on th'e'coast o'f Spain. It is not to be supposed tliat Germany is willing at the present moment to challenge tlio naval power of France ; in a quari-el, too, wliicll would unite the Roman Catholic States in a general league against the ascendency of Protestantism in Central Europe. In this direction there are signs that tho Bis- marckian policy lias failed in its aim, and if tliis suspicion bo well-founded, the virtual recog nition of Don Carlos by tho Emperor of Russia has served, perhaps, as the provocative cause of the overtures made by the Cabinet of Berlin to tlie King of Denmark. Nothing can be more dangerous, all things considered, than this per petual game of political " beggar my neigh bour ;" for tlio excitement increases as it pro ceeds, and the last trump card may cause the playors to fly at each other's throats. It cannot be expected, for example, that Russia would ever consent to see tho key of the Baltic handed over to tho restored Empire of Germany/ any more than she would allow Austria to picket tlie. road to Constantinople. Speaking of tlie docline of republican feeling in England, tho New York World observes that that feeling " was Strongbr even 10 years ago than it now is. It will not be the fault of the republican party in tho United States if it pro- serves ' oven a ghost of vitality for two years longer. Tho spectacle presented in tho actual condition of Carolina and Louisiana of tho worst forms of despotism, sanctioned and sus tained by a republican Congress and a repub lican President, is not calculated to excite in the breasts of a practical poople like our British kinsman any very lively desire of experimenting in the direction which has led to such hideous results. It is cheaper in tho end oven to pay tho debts of a Prince of Wales now and then than to bo obliged to foot the bills for the mili tary occupation of states larger than England, and the worst follies of a Marlborough House are not so demoralising to a nation's conscience as tlie clinking of glasses at an ' Azotic Club' dinner .to the accompaniment of cannon; and musketry mowing down tho citizens of a great city in their own streets," 