GERALD GRAY OB, The Deed in the Haunted Walk. OHAPTER V.— (continued.) Margaret swept in gracefully, her veil raised, her [spectacles on, tuade)a low, elegant inclination then looked keenly — very keenly — at the slight, pretty/ figure, and innocent lovely face of the young girl, who had timidly returned her salutation. Asa book written in largest type the woman of the w'orld read her future pupil, and formed ner plan 01 action, sue nrstasit involuntarily inurjnured, in a half whisper, 'How exqui sitely beautiful !'.and then, approaching the frankness toned by a skilful humility, she said in most mellifluent accentB, extending her hand, ' My dear Miss Seuford, of course you expected me? I trust I have not kept you waiting V ' Indeed, no,' responded Eleanor, very de limited at tho lack of atiffness in the meeting ; 1 1 was expecting you. Welcome to Seaford Grange, Miss Howard !' ?TliankR, MissSeaford. Fray do not think me too familiar, but when Mr. Bailey engaged me for your companion and c/iaperone, I re marked that I hoped I should give you satis faction. Seeing you, £ cannot resist repeating that hope. Indeed, I will try my bent to. please !' 'Please me!' rejoined Eleanor, blushing '?that I am sure you will .' My only fear is tuut — that you will find the Grunge dull. If not, I trust wo shall be friends — the best of friends !' Miss Chamberlayne warmly returned the heiress'B kindly pressure ; but her features displayed un emotion she appeared desirous to hide as she said, 'How good — how generous! What ii welcome tu most I have becu used to ! Ah ! Mish Seaford, only those who, like my self, have once known a happy liome, and the luxuries you enjoy, now gone for ever, can estimate tho pleisure your words convey ! You, Mis- Seafurd, rich, beautiful, an heiress, to call me, u poor companion, ftiend ! Ah ! how much happier might my life have been if till worn equally noble. ! Excuse this emotion, I beg, but your kindness overcomes me !' And the exquisitely gloved hnnd raised tho soft cambric handkerchief, to remove imagi nary tears from tho dark eyes beneath the spectacles. Heal ones rose to Eleanor's eyes. 'Poor woman!' she. murmured. Then moving impulsively forward, fshe first took Margaret's hand ; then timidly slid her arm about her waist, w she exclaimed, kindly, 'Do not weep, I entitat you, Miss Howard,.- If others have been babe enough to make you feel your povertyyonr reverse in life, you shall not experience it lere! You know, a few weeks back I, too, was foor, therefore, can feel for othci'H. At Seafird Grange, if in my power, you shall experience nothing but kindness and comfort !' Miss Howard's tears had increased, while an occasional .stiled sob broke from her lips; apparently checking the convulsions by a great effort, aim said, gssiug gratefully in her pupil's fuce, ' Miss Seal'oiJ, 1 am ashamed of myself ! I entreat you to pardon this agitation — very (singular, at a first meeting ; but did you know the indignities I, un officer's daughter, a lady by birth and education, have been com pelled to put up with in some families, you would readily forgive me — indignities I blush ed at then, I blush for now ! A servant^ wus a hotter life than mine !' OUU UVUIICU 11C1 1UUU} bUO LUIUUllL WUtl again in requisition. Eleanor, touched by such genuine, natural grief, responded gently, ' My dear Miss Ho wiird, in my eyes thero is nothing to forgive. I quite understand your feeling, but I beg you, whilo at thu Grange, to believe such trouble is at tn end. If you remain, it must be as my friend. Ah ! you cannot tell how I long for one. Now, pray tuke this glass of wine, then I will show you to your room. Dinner will be ready iu half an hour, and you will need refreshment. Margaret sipped the sherry, recovered her composure, then again earnestly upologized for the singularity of her behaviour. Eleanor sought lo stay her, feeling confuted at being treated with such importance, yet much at tracted to the beautiful Miss Howard; but Margaret persisted in talking, her musical voice accented by a slight humility till con ducted to her apartment, whera the latter left her to prepare for dinner. She had, however, scarcely proceeded down the corridot than she thought, ' Perhaps she would like some one to assist her to dress. I will ask if I shall send Kittv.' .Returning, Bho knocked at tbe door. No answer came ; and, imagining Miss Howard in the dressing-room beyond, softly she opened the door, then hastily drew buck. Margaret Charaberlayne — who, of course, Lad not heard the gentle tap — was not in the 1 dressing-room, but kneeling by a chair, her blind clasped, her face uplifted, her lipa mov ing in prayer. Noiselessly, a little awed, Eleanor withdrew); but before tbe door closed, these words fell on her ear : ' Oh, Heaven, niake me grateful for this, Thy last favour ! Bless this beautiful, genorous girl for the ray of happiness she has already shed in my sad, solitary breast ! Bless her——' The listener, much touched, glided away ; flue could not disturb nuch devotion by speak ing of so mundane a matter as a lady's-maid, but crept to her own room, there to tell her thoughts to Kitty. ' I know I shall love her, Kitty. I think I do already. I am Bure I pity her,' uhe re marked, as the other combftd her hair. 'It muBt be very terrible to once have been rich, and then have to work for your living, must it not? Fancy, too, she is so handsome, so amiable ; and, though nearly forty, not mar ried !' . . . , ' Gentlemen think now-a-days, miss, that there's no great beauty in anything. whicfr hasn't the Hall-mark,upon it.' 1 What do yon mean, Kitty V 'Why, misa, that a lady, before she can marry, must have money enough at least to keep herself, if not her husband.' 'That I will not believe, Kitty. I fear: . yoiir six month's visit to London made you very kicked. But' — and Eleanor's pretty face as sumed quite a severe and dignified expression — ' if gentlemen are so mercenary, ladies are not ; and Miea Howard, while here must be treated by all as I am myself. She shall suffer »o indignities at the Grange. Poor thing ! you are not aware what she has bad to pat up with 1 Well, there is this pleasure in being rich — you cun make others happy.' Kitty did not answer; but, fondly passiug her hand over the glossy braids she had been constructing, mentally declared her young mistress was ' a duck,' and that, if necessary, she would die for her. Poor Kitty Renshaw ! At that moment was a corner of the veil of futurity raised un consciouxly to her view 1 The friendship between the young heiress and her companion increased hourly. Mar gate t, having gained one hold over Eleanor by enlisting her pity, now, having more deeply read her- nature, began to strengthen that hold by cautiously, judiciously displaying a power and fiimnesa, such as she perceived the youth , ful disposition of her charge desired, to rest and rely upon in her new life. So well did she play her cards, that never had any evening since her arrival at tho Grange passed bo agreeably to its mistress. It was during thut evening, while the two sat side by side on a sofa, that Eleanor bend ing gaily forward to her companion, said, ' Forgive my impertinence, Miss Howard, but do you always wear spectacles? ' No, love.' Margaret had already began to assume a slightly motherly 'tone, fitting the difference of their ages. ' But occasionally my night is rather weak — especially when tra velling.' ' You are not travelling now,' laughed Eleanor. ' And I want to see your eyes. May I remove them V ' My dear, of course. Do with mo what you please,' responded Margaret, stooping to wards her. Eleanor lightly lifted them off, then uttered an exclamation of the most unfeigned admira tion. ' Oh, they are beautiful ! Miss Howard, it is a shame for you to wear those ugly things,' she said, 'Indeed, you must not — I cannot have it. Such bright eyes surely should see well enough without them.' 'That is to bo proved,' smiled Matgaiet, quietly ; adding, half aloud, as her arm stole round the other's waist, ' What u sweet, dear child it is !' They were interrupted by the entrance of the housekeeper come to ask directions. Eleanor, already more assured, answered ; then added, ' For the future, Mrs. Mumpson, you will address all household questions to Miss Howard. She is to have thesnpetinten dence of all those matters.' Mrs. Mumpson cast a keen, not altogether favourable, glance at Margaret, bowed, and re tired. So passed a week, dm ing which 'Miss Howard' had worked skilfully. Already she felt her power over Eleanor, who, mistrustful of her own attainments, with the pure instinct of a generous, unselfish nature, bowed to the superior knowledge ,of another, who was not mistrustful at all. Thus, in (so short a time, most imperceptibly, Margaret became really mistress at the Grange. Every order issued from her, or, if reference were made direct to Eleanor, she always turned to ' Miss Howard; for advice. And all this was so admirably done, that the domestics rather rejoiced at the change than complained. It was a repetition, in a small way, of the Mayors of tha Palaca — Margaret Chamberlayne ruled; Eleanor did so only in name, and was conteut it should be thus. If any one slightly rebelled against the order of things, it was Kitty Renshaw. At times, she regarded Margaret with.no eye of favour; mentally, too, expressing doubts of her sin cerity, though never venturing to breathe them aloud. Perhaps this arose from jealousy, for now her mistress rarely spent those pleasant evening* with her as formerly, talking of their Westmoreland home. At the end of that week, Margaret, seated in her own room after the household were in bed, penned the following letter : — 'My Dear Gus. — 'Everything has gono most favourably — far more than our most san guine wishes could have expected. Miss S. is tbo gentlest, most unsuspicious being I have ever como across. She has conceived a vait lik ing for your humblo sorvant, and already the strong will rules the weaker, by tho lattor's consent. In other words, by Eleanor Seaford 's own request, I govern horc. She refers to mo in everything, refer* and defers, and by skilful handling I am sure I can lead her as I please ; therefore, in case of any now unforeseen circum stances intervening, I advise your coming down at once to be introduced. How that introduc tion is to bo effectively brought about has been a.puzzlo to mo'; but I fancy I have' divined a plan. ' All girls nro romantic in their teens — out of them too, at times, especially when they have to do with one of the opposite sex, who presents so handsome an appearance as my worthy brother. Upon this hypothesis I havo decided as follows : — Each afternoon, from one to three, bofore dinner, we drive out, unatten ded, in a little baskot-carriage, -drawn by two .spirited ponies. As my pupil is as yet far too nervous to handlo tho reins, they are surren dered to me. Next Wednesday I intend direct ing our course- to Brettinham Corner, near Crocket Spinney — any ono will show you it ; and there is a very.dlcasant inn at Brettinham village.- Patronise it; and manage to be in the neighbourhood of tho Spinney at two, when I shall contrive for the ponies to run away, as I trust you will do eventually with -the heiress. You, of course, roust gallantly rescue her. If you could possibly nwnago to sustain some slight injury, to give the idea of having saved her life at tho risk of your own, the whole thing would then be un fait accompli ; for, with your good lopks and person, thore is little- doubt but, with a girl of eighteen, pity would prove akin to lovo. ' At any rate, you must stop the ponies, and rescue her, which will bring about the in troduction required. I will sco you aro asked to the Grange ; then the rest is in your own hands. Only one thine— you must be moat cautious not to arouse suspicion. The girl is merely trustful and affectionate to all, from utter ignorance of the world. She believes in its surface. Ncvsrthclcss, she possesses a will and firmness of purpose, of which, I imagine, she herself is unconscious — it lies so dormant. Should any 'carelessness on our parts cause her to find she is being tricked, our game is over. Also make a certain Kitty Senshaw, if possible, your friend. Shois. tho only person here of whom I feol doubtful, without knowing the reason why. The other domestics bear my rule easily, for I have no wish to make enemies, though I tako care thero is no unnecessary squandering of our property. ^'I shall write no more, as in such cases it is safer to speak lip to ear, as soon as we shall have an oppor tunity of doing. I shall post this myself— not trnst it to the letter-bag in the hall. You; of course, will burn it when read. Give my love to Uncle Ralph. Tell him to pray, a* I do, for success to tho trio.— Yours truly; ' M. O. Sealing and directing it, perfectly satisfied with the progress of events so far, the writer, retiring to rat, slept soundly. CHAPTE RVI. KITTY HAS A 8UKPRI8E. It was the morning of that -Wednesday to the result of which Margaret Chauiberluyne looked forward with no little anxiety, and Eleanor, her long, golden hair flowing loose, a Daoss shower, over her peignoir, sat before the toilette mirror, impatiently awaiting Kitty. ' Whatever can have become of the girl?' she exclaimed, crossing the room to the bell. ' This is tbe third 'time I have rung.' No temper could be mora amiable than Eleanor's, but it is not a pleasant thing to be kept waiting, .when only partly dressed, thus it was with some sharpness that she pulled tbe cord. , This time, as if she had been attached to the wire, the lady's-maid instantly appeared. Not entering the room, however, with her ordinary light, quiet Btep, but all in a hurry, her pretty, piquante face eager with some intelligence. ?Why, where have you been, Kitty?' de manded her young mistress, slightly petulant. ' I have been waiting for you this half-hour.' ' Oh, tains, I couldn't help it, please ; but I've had such a surprise ! I've seen him I' ' Him !' repeated Eleanor. - ' Whom do you mean, girl V ' Please, miss, who should I mean but Mr. Gerald Gray 1 He's come back from them foreign parts.' ' Back — here V cried Eleanor, bending for ward, her lovely countenance sparkling with delight, 'Tell me, dear Kitty, is it really true ? Where is he now V ' True, miss — I'd Bwear it was him ! But where he is now is more than 1 can tell.' ? Xou Know it was he r said her mistress, more, grammatically, gazing at the speaker wonderingly ; ' and yet are unable to say where he is now 1 Surely, Kitty, you spoke to him, or he to you ? Why do you look so puzzled V ' There miss ! that s the curiouaest thing about it — he wouldn't let me speak, to him. But, pleusc, I'll explain just what it' was. You know I rise early, and, as you never want mo before half-past sev.en, I generally take a walk, for I can't got quite out of my old Westmorland roaming ways. Well, this morning I'd been to Tridguin'.i Hill, and was returning by the wood, when, through tho bushes, as plain, miss, as I now see you, I saw Mr. Gray standing before the lodge-gates.' ' How did he look. Kitty s' asked Eleanor breathlessly. 1 Much as usual, miss, only 1 fancied a morsel sad and a bit paler.' v ' Go on, Kitty.' ' He was gazing up thu long avenue to the house, then he made a step towards it, as if he'd have liked to have come in, but, turning away, sharply, folded his arms tight, and begun pacing backward and forward. It was just at that moment that I got over the stile into the road, intending, miss, to apeak; but no sooner did he see me, thnn he was gone.' ' Gone 1' ejaculated Eleanor. 'Yes, miss; with one bound he wont clean over the edge into the wood, and vanished like smoke. ' What did you do, Kitty V ? What could I do, miss 1 I ran to the place, and called ' Mr. Gray !' but he never answered — not a syllable ; so 1 came here.' ' And you are sure — quite sure, ic was he V 'If it wasn't, miss, it was his ghost; and that ain't likely ; for then he'd havo. come at night, as them sort do not show by day.' Eleanor sank upon a chair, and, burying her face in her hands, a sob broke front her lips. Immediately, her black eyes bumming with tears, the affectionate Kitty v. as kneeling by her. ? UD, doar Miss Eleanor ! wtiat nave I said or done ! Please don't take on so ! There's no cause — indeed, thero ain't ! If he run away from me, he wouldn't from you ! Can't you understand it, miss? Mr. Gray wants to take you by surprise, and awful vexed, no dnubt, he is with me for seeing him. Know ing this is your house, of course, he's been hovering about it, p'raps ull night; but he's aware he couldn't call so early. Wait till after breakfast, miss, and nee if he don't come sharp. Will you have your mauve morn ing dress, miss 1 You said Mr. Gerald liked mauve.' ' No, no, Kitty ; any will do — he will not come,' said Eleanor, lifting her tear-stained face. ' It is you who do not understand ; how should you t He thinks of my position bo — so very different to when he left, and that keeps him from me.' 'Then more shame for him, miss, to insult you by such a thought! retorted Kitty, hotly. ' If he really loves you, he would know riches would never make no difference in suoh a heart aa yours.' 'Stay, Kilty! you must not wrong him ; he is all that is honourable and good. It is not - his poverty, but — but ? There ! I cannot explain what I mean to you — I amat not ; but I feel J. am right. He avoids me — he will not come. Oh, if I could only — only see him !' And now Eleanor's. teara fell fast. His words, ' Think it not selfish, but I rejoice thut you are poor. Were you otherwise, nerer bad 1 dared to raise my hopes to you,' rang in her ears. She was no longer poor, but rich, very rich, with a country name and potu tion to uphold ; hence he bad forced himself away from her with u crushed, breaking heart, to bear the shame attached to him as a felon's son alone. 1 Would that I could see him I' murmured Eleanor ; for she ielt, if her bands were in his, her eyes upon' his countenance, us she neBtled to his side, that be would not have the power to resist hbr loving arguments. Once again they would be as they were at Westmorland. ? If not Kitty,' she sobbed, ' I shall go back to my old home; and the Grange, and the money may go to build a hospital, or bcIiooIh. I can find no delight in anything he does not share. But perhaps, I never shall Bee him.' . Well, I don't know, miss ; lovers are very like bees — they always hang about the flowers they fancy the sweetest. You may drive them away, but they'll be sure, to return ; so take my word for it, Mr. Gray will keep somewhere in the neighbourhood, where now and then he may catch a glimpse 'of you. Therefore, I should advise you to go out as much as possi ble,' when p'raps you may meet him ; then, if yon beskon with your finger, he will no more be able to reciat coming to you than a oat would refuse milk,' Them whs something .sound in the advice, and Eleanor replied, ' I think you are right, Kitty ; only if he should call while I am ub sent?' ? ' Why, then, Miss Eleanor, you may be sure your surmises arn't correct ; and if he. calls once, he'll call again. Your heart surely will tell yon that ?' Miss Eleanor smiled, blushed, and, cheered slightly by her attandant's words, resolved to follow her advice, m she yielded herself to her skilful hands. Hope, it is affirmed Yiever dies. Nevertheless, it is subject to many degrees of comparison ; its stronghold, however, is surely in the breast of those who love. Thus despite her firm belief that Gerald Gray intended to -break their engagement rather than bring his family's shame on her in her new position, the knowledge of his proximity, with the hope — there it is ! — of seeing him and changing this resolve, brought an unusual brightness to Eleanor's eye nnd cheek. ' Why, love,' remarked Margaret, as they embraced in the breakfast-room, ' ho* beau tiful you look this morning — absolutely charm ing I' ? Nevertheless,' smiled the heiress, colour ing, ' I have a vague feeling of headache, to ward off which I intended requesting you to excuse any studies this morning, as I should prefer being in the open air instead.' ? Certainly, my love ; you do appear Hushed. No doubt the air will remove the indisposi tion,' readily rejoined Miss Howard, having not the least desire for Ler charge's headache to increase, and prevent that afternoon's drive. ' As you wish, we will stroll in the grounds instead.' Eleauor could have dispensed with the ? we' but could not well prevent Miss Howard's ac companying her, having heretofore always pressed her to do so. Consequently, the two passed the morning out of doors — in the grounds, along the road, through the wood; but no sign of Gerald Gray's presence met Eleanor's anxious eye. CHAPTER VII. GUS C'HAMBERFAYNE PLAYS HIS PART. Left early an orphan, with no one of her own class and sex to love and care for, or be loved and cared for by, the young heiress eagerly clung to the first ill fate cast across her path — Margaret Chamberlayne. She felt herself happy in poaseaaing one so beautiful, so kind as a companion, upon whom she could so safely rely ; and, as young natures of warm, generous impulses are seldom if ever reticent, she had, before- many days, confided to the Lamia she had taken to her breast, and who played her part to perfection, all the incidents of her past life, save her love for Gerald. At one moment she had been on the verge of con fessing even that. They were seated Bide by aide on the lawn, when Eleanor exclaimed, ' How happy 1 should have ever been if I had had a sister like you, Miss Howard ! But I shall love you us one ; you will never go from here, but live with me always, eh V And the dewy, innocent lips pressed those of their cruellest enemy. 'Till you give me my dismissal,' was the smiling reply. ' Dear child, you will marry ; then Miss Howard will be no longer needed.' Eleanor managed to hide her blushing face on Lamia's, shoulder, as she answered, ' No, no ; indeed, you shall ever be with me ; even then, if you will.' And she thought she would tell her about Gerald ; hesitated, and the opportunity went by.^ Now, as they strolled, the impulse returned to* speak, to tell the trouble she was in, espe cially as at any moment Gerald might appear. But at the very instant when, leaning more trustfully on her companion's arm, the words hovered on her lips, some utterly irrelevant remark of the other would send the secret all scared and trembling back to her heart. ' I cannot now,' she reflected. ' So many things interrupt. I will in our drive to-day.' She told Kitty of her ill-success in seeing Gerald, and the girl. almost repeated her own words. ' Never mind, miss ; p'raps you will in your drive to-day. Then she addud, ' 1 took the liberty, Miss Eleanor, of making a few in quiries of tbe servants — in a careless, indiffer ent way of course — whether any strangers were staying iu the town ; and Jim, the gar dener, Bays, ' There's a stranger been stop ping a day or two, and still is stopping, at the inn at Brettinham village.' ' He said he was a ' precious handsome gentleman, one who'd make a woman ' — excuse me using his terms, misa — 'open her eyes wide with admiration.' Now I'm certain it's Mr. Gray. I knew he wouldn't leave tho neighbourhood.' Thus Lamia had no need — if she had only known it — to have felt anxious. The worst headache would scarcely have kept the heiress from driving to-day, especially when the directiou was to be Brettinham village. Luncheon havieir been discussed, the nonv carriage was brought round, and the ladies took their places. 1 My love, will you not take the reins V asked Margaret. You had better, or you will never learn, you know — never !' 1 Not to-day,' rejoined Eleanor, who de sired to give her attention to other matters than the spirited ponies ; ' and,' she added, smiling, ' if I should not learn, it litte mat ters, as I shall always havo you with me, dear Misa Howard.' Lamia beamed with such sweet gratitude at the speaker, that Eleanor could not resist kinsing her declaring she really meant what she said ; thon the poniea were given their heads, and the carriage started off. But the heiress found here still less oppor tunity for her confession. Her eyes had to be everywhere. On level ground they penetrated the bushes, on high they swept over the sur rounding landscape, for the one anxiously sought figure.' . She was unable to talk ; and. Miss Chamberlayne, employed with her own thoughts, made no effort to break the silence. On, on down thi» road then that, still no Gerald Eleanor would have despaired, out for the' thought that every turn of the wheels-brought her nearer the inn where was staying that ' handsome gentleman,' whom Kitty declared mnst be Mr. Gray. Suddenly the stopping of the ponies aroused her. ' What is the matter?' she asked, perceiving j Misa Howard about quitting the carriage. Eleanor nervously complied, naturally, with her trembling hands, jerking them ; then .she shrieked aloud, for the off animal, after one or two plunges, started down the road at a rapid pace, flinging out its heals, tossing its head, and swinging the carriage fearfully from side side. Margaret screamed and ran, but had she hoped' to oivertako tbo runaways, which she did not, it would, at the rate they were going, have been impossible. All, however, she desired was to keep them well in sight. Turning an abrupt angle, the ponies en tered the broad, straight road leading to Crockit Spinney, and seeing all clear before them, their pace augmented. Tho fragile carriage oscillated terribly, each moment threatening its destruction. Eleanor no lon ger screamed ; stunned, mute from terror, her face ashy white, her eyes fixed in horror, her hair loosened, her hat off, tangled in its golden meshes ; half lying, partly crouching, she clung con/uktively to the back of the light vehicle. Still the road was unbroken by a single figure. Margaret, as she remarked this, began herself to tiemble with alarm. Supposing Gus had not come ? Supposing he proved himself unable to stop them, and Eleanor were killed ?? All the plotter's bright chateaux d'Espagne would be toppled over instanter. Ah ! no ; he was there ! A gentleman, Gun himself, had suddenly leaped the hedge some feet in advance of the maddened ponies, and sprung to their heads. Then followed a struggle between man and beasts. The former slipping, was down be neath their small, sharp hoofs; but his firm grip did not release the bridle. Muigatet ran quicker. Eleanor, half-fainting, could not move. In a second, however, Gils' was up again, his hat off, his delicate, handsome face livid with a fearful, vindictive fury, while his white, clenched fist showered heavy blows up on the ponies' heads nnd nostrils, till, tamed, violently he dragged them round, trembling and still, facing the hedge. inert, calm, smiling, he approached Elea nor, pieaonted his urm, and said, ' Pray do not look so alarmed, madam. I can assure you there is nothing to fear ; the rascals are safe enough now. Perhaps you would like to alight ? Really you are quite safe.' ' Oh ! thank heaven ! It was terrible !' gasped pool Eleanor. ' Sir, 1 owe my life to you!' Rising, too alarmed to remain in the car riage, she prepared to descend ; but her brain reeled, and, as Gus stretched his arm out to help her, she fell insensible upon his shoulder. ' Good ! excellent !' softly whispered Mar garet, with approval, as, hastening up. she found Gus on one knee, supporting Eleanor in his arms'. 'It could not have succeded better.' ' Good ! better!' he retorted almost fiercely. ' Those enrsed brutes have crushed my ankle to a jelly between them. What are you about V he added, as his sister moved away. ' I'm going to tako out the pin I put in the pony's foot,' said Margaret, quietly. Having satisfactorily performed this operation, she re turned. ' We must bring her to,' she remarked still in a whisper ; then oh the pair, bending over, looked into Eleanor's pale, lovely face, as I motionless as if in death, she added, ' She is very beautiful, is she not 1' 'Exquisite,' he rejoined, enthusiastically. ' What a complexion — what a snowy throat !' fYou will not grumble at having to take such a wife with the fortune — eb, Gus ?' Hu laughed, then said, ' 1 lliinb, Mag, wi» had better assume our incognitos. It's scar cely safe to do otherwise in an open couutry road, if we want our secret kept.' 'True. Let us see about restoring her. There is a pool a few yards distant, where you can get some water.' 'You must do that,' he answered. 'I tell you my ankle is so twisted and sprained that I cannot waik a yard.' She looked at him inquiringly. ' Do you really mean it,' she asked, whis peringly, ' or are you only playing your role V ' I mean it,' ho answered. 'It's no ' play.' I can promise you the agony is intense. My consolation it-, however, that 1 will tnrn it to good account. But quick ; I cannot stand it much longer!' She huiried for the water, and, bathing Eleanor's face and hands with it, soon bi ought back signs of returning life. While doing so, kneeling in the road opposite him. Margaret observed Gus's cheek getting paler and paler. ' You are very much hurt; I see it,' shewhis pered. 'YeB; I wish she would recover. Women are always such ' a deuced time about every thing. ilis wish was suoeauy realized. Jileunor s eyas opened — a sigh fluttered through her parted lips; then, finding herself in a stranger's arms, a vivid blush crimsoning her neck and brow, lining quickly, and leaning on Mar garet, who supported her like a fond sister, in faltering, musical accents, and bashful, down cast eyes, she turned to Gus. ' Sir — my preserver,' ahe murmured ; — ' for you have saved my life, perhaps, at the' risk of your own — how shall I ever thank you ? I fear I never shall find either words or means ; yet, believe me, my heart is full of gratitude — so full, 'that all outward expression sounds tame in comparison I' She would yet have proceeded, had nut a cry from Murcaiet arrested her. ' Eleanor ! — look, dearest !' exclaimed the latter ; ' the gentleman — your preserver — he is hurt — he is ill !' Gus indeed was resting against the little basket carriage, his white face, convulsed with pain no clenching of the hands, no effort, could allay. ' No, no I' he interposed hurriedly, Becking, apparently, to make light of it. 'It is noth ing; only one of the ponies kicked my foot. A mere tiifle. Permit me to assist you back into the carriage. There is not the least dan ger. Then I will Beek aid at Brettinham.' He made an effort to carry out his words, staggered, and, with' a low cry of agony, fell unconsoioua at Eleanor's feet. Uttering a scream in consternation and pity, she oust her self on her knees beside him. ' Oh, Miss How ard !' she sried ; ' he is dead — dead, and I am the cause !' - ? ' No, no !' responded Margaret Chamber layne'; ' it is not so bad as that. His ankle must be badly hurt, and be ban only fainted from pain.' ? ? istonpiojr, she moved Gus so that bis face | might be upward.- ? . ' . ? .- \- 'How white he looks !' ejaculated Eleanor* clasping her hands. 'Are you certain, dear, dear Miss Howard, that he is not dead V ' Perfectly ; his heart and pulse beat, though faintly. What delicate, exquisitely formed hands 1 He must be a gentleman.' ' Why my love, were you asleep ! laughed Lamia, carelessly. ' Did you not hear me say 1 had dropped the whip? Hold the reins, please till I get it.' Eleanor took them, and Margaret alighted. In doing so, she let fall her handkerchief under ' the ponies' feet. She stooped to regain it, but the trampling, impatient little hoof* for* while rendered it difficult. Then she walked back for the whip. She had not quite reached it, haviog lingered to examine a fern at the wayside, when Eleanor's voice reached her. ' Pray make haste, Miss Howard. Tha ponies seem so extraordinarily restless. They must, Know now uniiu x am.: cney woncsiana atill.* ? ' I am coming love ; just tighten the reini a little, lo show them they have their master.' 'Oh, never mind thai. What matters if he be or not.?' broke in Eleanor. ' I owe my. life to him the same were he a labourer. What ate we to do?' . ? ' Why, ray love, he needs immediate assis tance.' ' Where can we obtain it t asked Eleanor, tremulous with impatience. ' To go to the. village would be useless. No one could attend to his sprain there. ' Indeed, I see but one way.' 'And that?' ' Is to place him in the carriage, drive imme diately back to the Grange, and send for medi cal advice from the town. But, perhaps, you might object V ' Ohject-1 For what do you take me 1' ex claimed Eleanor, witli slight roproach. ' Has he not, perhaps, saved my life, js not his pro .sent suffering owing to. me? How could I object. See if . we can raise him.' ' I honour you more than I can express, my love,' rejoined Margaret, warmly. ' Ybnra is a heart of noblest sentiments. Yes ; I will help you.' Tenderly but with some difficulty, tbe two women lifted Gus Chamberlayne into the car riage, placing him as comfortably an they could on the soft, thick rug, and resting his bead between them, Margaret having the reins. The oare to see that no jolt hurt the unconscious sufferer devolved on Eleanor, and tenderly she fulfilled it. So absorbed was she in her concern for him that the ponies had started before she expressed a doubt as to their being safe to drive. ' Perfectly, dear,' responded Lamia, ' when I have them in hand. Had I not quitted the carriage, they would never have dared to amuse themselves as they did.' She was right : they certainly would not. Margaret did not spare the whip, and rapidly they proceeded through the country lanes, Half an hour after, Gus Chamberlayne was comfortably installed in one of the best bed rooms at Seaford Grange, with tbe best doctor the neighbourhood could boast, dressing his sprained and much swollen ankle. That same evening, Eleanor, accompanied by Kitty Renshaw, slipped unperceired from the house, and wandered in the gronnda, up and down the country road, and through tha wood. Not a glimpse did they catch of Gerald Gray ; so, heavy at heart, almost despairing, the heiress retired to rest. She no longer had the thought of the ' gentleman at tba inn' to console herj for she knew now that he had been liar gallant preserver. ? TO BE CONTINUED. ? 