English and Foreign. TORRES STRAITS MAIL NEWS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, June 11. FOUR millions of human souls! Four millions, in round numbers—as statistics inform us—in this London and its immediate environs! It seems at times difficult for the mind to realise the prodigious fact, that within this very con tracted space of ground lives, amoves, and struggles on, in every variety of fortune and condition, a mass of humanity more than double the entire population of all the Australias, and in number some five times greater than the whole community of the colony of Victoria. And yet, strange to say, nothing is more common than to overhear Australians, freshly arrived in this city from the Antipodes, candidly confess that Lon don has sorely disappointed them, and that it by no means bo far surpasses Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, or Adelaide, as one might reasonably expect. This disappointment, when we come to reflect a little upon it, is not only not surprising, but it seems perfectly natural Why are people in variably on a first view disappointed with the ocean, with the Pyramids, with the Falls of Niagara, or with any other object of which the human imagination has formed conceptions. No reality can ever satisfy. We find that either of the ocean or of " the Falls " we can, in fact, at any one moment take into tbe view but a very circumscribed part.' No horizon bounds the ocean wliich is Been only by the " mind's eye," and in like manner the man who has never yet set foot in London forms to himself a vast ness which vanishes, or rather, never appears on his first emerging from some railway station into the particular drop of the vast stream of life into which he is thus cast. The vastness lies out of view. Hia eye cannot pierce it A mere throng of people may be had anywhere, in Paris, in Cairo, in Mel bourne, or in Brisbane ; but it is only after a while, and on finding that you may and do wan der for weeks, without getting away from this really awful and übiquitous rush and crush of human creatures, that the first impressions of disappointment are displaced by feelings of a very different character. You try to analyse these feeling.*, and you probably fail I suspect, however, that with most people sadness pre dominates. What eagerness ! What energy ! What self-engrossment of each human soul in its own one object of the moment, as it rushes past you ; yet what dejiendency, in some way, of each upon all Of the myriads of mys terious items of humanity, who, like ghosts, flit by you in a single hour, so keenly intent on the business of the moment, how many thousauds of them must die before a week is over their heads, and why should you yourself not be one of these thus blindly rushing to the goal which awaits us all ! Xerxes, shedding tears at the thought that within a hundred years not a vestige of his vast host before his eyes, could be seen on earth, is only the emo tion, or something like it, of every man who is thus in the midst of millions like liimself. How exciting to the imagination is the mass ! How insiguiheant seems each atom of that mass ! Men are something to themselves and to each other at a dinner table, in the club or in a drawing-room. In Lombard-street, White chapel, or Shoreditch, or Hyde Park, or "the Boro'," they are ephemerides flitting in the sun shine, soon to be swept from the scene altogether. To live this mere seventy years seems hardly worth so much trouble, and feverish stir and strife for the prolongation of such a state. And yet, like other ephemerides, we must each and all of us do our little life here in some fashion or other ; and, short as the process may be, it is not wanting either in variety or mtenseness. ' That I should thus fall into the vein of " the ' melancholy Jacques " may not be very intelfigi ' ble to the men who in Queensland sunshine find |it difficult to be sad. And yet I think that even Queenslanders would lose some of their wonted I briskness could they beheld the sharp contrasts ; of human condition these four millions afford. I Cobden, as you know, used to say that there was 1 more valuable instruction in a single number of ; the Times than in all the history of Thucydides. 1 That a single number of the Times gives us as j much food for reflection as the ancient there | can be no doubt For the simple daily record of the mere outside doings of there four millions— | not to take into account the world beyond — i affords more food for the moralist than we can : get from the pages even of the deep and sagaci ■ ous and brilliant historian. Within a few hun | dred yards of where I am now writing, is a royal ! palace, and within a few hundred yards of that I again, an announcement in a window, " Good | beds, threepence a night" i The four millions are now in the height ef the London season. The atoms that people the sun beam, are at their briskest Whence comes this bewildering concourse and tumult of equipages ! which run into dozens ef dead-locks in parks and streets ? Where and how, and by whom is : produced the overwhelming, and (as some one has called it), almost " indecent exposure of wealth," which every afternoon exhibits itself in the drive ? It is the confluence of all the streams j and tributaries of populations with money to spend from all the civilised countries of the world. Squatters from every part of Australia, Princes and Parsees, and returned merchants and lawyers from India; rich Americans from every State in the mighty Union of the West, Bwell the at all times immense gathering of human souls here, "in the season." And there is one day in thiß season—the Derby day—on which you may more effectually analyse the composition of the community, than on any other. On that day, so vast is the efflux of all classes to " The Downs," that it visibly affects with a certain unwonted dulness and quiet, the general aspect of the London streets. Along the whole line of road to Epsom throng the thou sands and tens of thousands, in search of busi ness or pleasure. The nobleman's four-in-hand, the more quiet family equipage, the 'busses covered with passengers, the costermongei. humble donkey and cart, the open vans laden with joyous souls hilarious over their barrel of beer in their midst, together with the countless throng of pedestrians of all kinds, make up a scene which can have no parallel elsewhere in the world. Travelling horn bands, gypsies, Punch and Judy's, pickpockets, thimble riggers, London gamins of every variety, pour along in the promiscuous crowd, affording for a brief space to one-half the world, a partial glimpse as to how the other half lives. On the racecourse, however great the stir and 1 excitement, there is little to edify, but much to disgust, and to justify Charles Dickens' dis paraging remarks on it, lately quoted by Sir Wilfred Lawson in the House of Commons. Vulgarity, bloated wealth, the open and auda cious indecency of painted and flaunting women of the town—" the demi-monde," as it is the ridiculous fashion to call them—these are the ! features of the scene which come most promi nently before you. And whilst the women quaff their champagne, and pick a chicken bone— making eyes, and occasionally coarse speeches to the men around—poor gaunt, unkempt, half naked, famished-looking lads, who have walked all the way from town, prowl under and among the carriages, begging for the half-picked bones, which, when got, they often bite and tear with a savage hunger, which no acting or trickery could simulate. Other lads diversify these feeding forays with earnest appeals for the empty bottles, by the sale of which they can make a few pence. As usual, the colonies sup plied a very respectable contingent to the race course on Derby Day ; and mutual greet ings, and the making up of luncheon parties, among Melbourneites, Sydneyites, Brisbanians, &.c, were taking place on all sides. All these pleasure-seekers, and hundreds more of a more serious turn, were also to be seen last night at the South Kensington Museum, at a most suc cessful conversazione, which was got up by the Royal Colonial Institute; the indefatigable honorary secretary, Dr. Eddy, being entitled to nearly all the credit of the success of the enter tainment Prince Christian, the Duke and Duchess of Manchester, Lord Carnarvon, and many other notabilities, were present The varieties of costume, more especially from the gorgeous East, brought before the eye, in a con crete form, the diversities of race and creed under Queen Victoria's rule, and the interesting show, apart from the social and perhaps political advantages of the gathering, make it probable that we shall henceforth have a similar proceeding annually. The whole of the noble rooms of the picture galleries were thrown open to the company, and therefore, although the guests could have been little short of a thousand, there was no crowding or inconvenience either for ices, or music, or dancing—for dancing was attempted by some eager youngsters in one of the rooms—at any time during the evening. The company began arriving at about 9 p.m., and a general dispersion took place a little after midnight Politically very little of interest has come off during the past month. The Bishops' Anti- Ritualistic Bill is still in committee undergoing the mauling which was foretold for it But in some shape or other it will probably pass. The Government have brought in a bill in the House of Lords to abolish patronage in the Church of Scotland, and give supreme control in the ap pointment of ministers to the " communicants " or "congregations," as may be ultimately determined. There have been earnest debate about the composition, or constitution of tiie electing body, but there is a general and strong opinion as to the desirability and propriety of the main proposal Even the Duke of Argyll, who announced himself as one of the largest holders of Church patronage in Scotland, is in favor of the measure. He delivered far away the best and most exhaustive speech in its sup port, and therefore, notwithstanding feeble oppo sition, and grumbling here and there, in and out of Parliament, it is absolutely certain that the Government will pass their bill. The supporters of the abolition of the 25th clause of the Education Act have lately suffered a heavy falL Mr. Richards' second reading of the Elementary Education Act came on on the 10th instant, and, on a division, was thrown out by 373 to 128 votes. You are aware that the oppo sition to this clause has been mainly promoted by the Birmingham League, on the principal ground that the consciences of the opponents of denominational education are wounded by their being made in some degree to support it, whilst the advocates of the clause say that without the retention of the clause many poor parents would be compelled to send their children to schools of which they disapproved. The clause is Bale for the present In a recent letter I informed you that the Government, grateful to the past services de rived from the publicans in the late general election, had brought in a bill to extend the' night hour for closing, and to grant other sup posed advantages to the trade. Strange to say, people now, both in and out of the Liquor inter est, are almost unanimously opposed to the pro posed change. Mr. Brace's bill, for which he and the late Government were so much abused, is said to have worked well, and both the police, ]tarochial, and other local authorities bear tes timony to the fact that drunkenness aud night offences have considerably diminished since the earlier closing of the houses has been enforced. As night after night petitions are presented from all parts of the country against the Go vernment measure, and scarcely any demonstra tion is made in its favor, it is generally believed that if not withdrawn by its authors it will be rejected by the House. A triumph to Lord Aberdare this—formerly (as Mr. Bruce) the anathematised of the publicans—and a proof of how possible it is, even for very large sections of the community not to know at all times what is good for them. Should the bill pass, the only alteration as to the hours will probably be an extension of time iv the early morning, to which of course there is less objection. Drunkards are seldom very early risers, but many early workers, such as market gardeners and others, may re quire refreshment at an earlier hour than thtit at which by law they are now able to obtain it in licensed houses. The problem to be solved is —how to secure the maximum of convenience, together with the minimum of evil to the public, in dealing with this most difficult, and to states men, embarrassing subject. In E-^land, tens of thousands of respectable and hard-working people have to labor very late into the hours of the night, whilst as many, from their peculiar avocations must work, equally exceptionally, early in the morning. TheLepslaturewould,if itcould, meet the necessities for ■refreshment of aU these Hmsea and at the same time interpose all prac ticable obstacles in the way oi habitual tipplers and drunkards. Net an easy task this for any Minister, and apparently an impoasible task for Mr. Cross, the new Home Secretary, who is beginning to show himself—on this matter, at any rate—hardly strong enough for the place. The lock-out continues. Mr. Mundella, and various other politicians popular among the working-classes, have done their best to bring masters and men to a friendly understanding, but hitherto have had no success. Both sides are obstinate, both confident, or they affect to be so. Meanwhile the months are passing over our heads ; the crops are maturing in one of the finest seasons we have ever had, and the farmers say that, even should harvest time find the League still in existence, they will be able to get hands from Ireland and other countries. It is a great game of " brag," of which no man as yet can see the immediate issue, or divine the more remote results. From the Home News of June 26 we take the following:—Jules Janin, the famous "J. J." of the Journal des Debats, of which he had been dramatic critic, and feuilletonniste besides, for a period of nearly forty years, died, full of years and honors, at his pretty cottage near Paasy, on Friday, June 19. He was a Knight of the Legion of Honor; he was a member of the French Academy; he was generally loved and admired ; so, it may be conceded that the elegant scholar and versatile writer who began life by writing the scandalous novel of "L'Ane Mort et la Femme Guillotinee," made a very good end of it. It is sin gular that the three most eminent critics within the last century of French literary history, all wrote scandalous novels as a prelude to their subsequently useful careers. Diderot wrote "La Religieuse" Theophile Gautier wrote "Made moiselle de Maupin," and Janin wrote "The Dead Donkey and the Guillotined Woman"— the last a work which, for all its impropriety, contains a very elequent protest against cruelty to animals, and against the inconsiderate in fliction of the punishment of death. Mr. Gladstone was one of the witnesses on June 19 at the inquest holden on the remains of his kinsman, the lamented Sir Stephen Glynne, who died with dreadful suddenness at a railway station. The verdict was in accordance with the medical evidenoe : " Fatty degeneration of the heart" On June 19 a remarkable action waa tried between an adventurous soldier of fortune, a Polish Count Bardzinski, who waa anxious to recover £2500 from a Roman Catholic gentle man named Lloyd, who, the Count pleaded, had promised him the sum in question to serve as his substitute in the " Guardia Nobile Romano." When, however, the Count reached Rome he found that Mr. Lloyd had only been a Papal Zouave. The case came to nothing, the adven turous Count being nonsuited ; and it must be obvious, even to our old friend, "the merest schoolboy," that only Noble Romans—and they are mainly Roman Princes—can be allowed to serve in the " Guardia Nobile." j There were 17,000 people at the rehearsal of the Handel Festival at the Crystal Palace on June 19 ; and ou the same eventful day, being the last one of the " Ascot Festival," the Cup winner of Thursday, Boiard, was handsomely beaten by the Cesarewitch winner of last autumn, King Lud. So transitory is equine as well as human glory. On June 20, a young man named Robb was charged at Bow-street with wandering in the gardens of the Duke of Sutherland's palatial mansion,StaffordHouse. He pleaded that Stafford House belonged to him, and that tiiere were a great many other palaces in the metropolis which were his property. Thereupon the ma gistrate began to entertain doubts as to the state of the young man's mind, and was about to remand him for inquiries to be made, when tidings were brought in hot haste to the court, that the poor fellow was a confirmed lunatic just escaped from an asylum at Peckham. So he was taken back to the place whence he came. June 22 was the first day of the triennial Handel solemnity at Sydenham ; and, of course, the sublime oratorio of the "Messiah" was given, with the usual perfection of execution, and amidst the usual tremendous demonstra tions of enthusiasm. At the Albert Hall, on June 22, the public meeting of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was held, the Earl of Harrowby in the chair ; and amidst great ap plause a letter was read from Sir Thomas Bid dulphfrom the Queen, enclosing^donation of £100 from Her Majesty, and expressing the warm in terest taken by the Sovereign in the efforts which are being made for din-Gushing the Buffer ings Of dumb animala, Likewise, on June 22, in the House of Lords as a Court of Appeal, two ex-Chancellors, Lords Chelmsford and Hatherley, gave judgment in the long-pending appeal arising from the in tensely scandalous and miserable "Mordaunt case." The decree of the Court below is re versed ; and Sir Charles Mordaunt is to be at Liberty to continue his suit for a divorce. A curious incident arose after Lords Chelmsford and Hatherley had pronounced their fiat. A nobleman who is no " law-lord" himself, but the descendant of a very illustrious lawyer indeed —Lord Denman—rose and "protested ;" im pugning the justice of the decision. It was a protest, and it led to nothing. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, still intent on earning golden opinions from all sorts of people, went on June 23 to open an infant nursery and mission for seamen in that out-of the-way, but extremely populous and industrial district, Wellclose-square, EL It need scaroely be said that the crowd was immense ; that the manifestations of loyalty were prodigious ; and that Whitechapel was en ftte, and displayed a really creditable profusion of flags, streamers, and Venetian masts. On June 24 Mr. Disraeli, the Marquis of Salis bury, and the Earl of Derby, having received the freedom of the Worshipful Company of Mer chant Taylors, were in the evening entertained at a sumptuous banquet in the Hall of the Com pany. Each of the Ministers spoke, and spoke brilliantly; and it seemed to be agreed on all sides that this is the best of all possible worlds, and that the only principles in harmony with the progress and well-being of the nation were Conservative principles. 01 si sic omnia. On June 24 the Duke and Duchess of Edin burgh left London per Dover for Calais en route for Germany. Also, on the same day, the re mains of Sir Stephen Glynne were buried at Hawarden, Mr. Gladstone and Lord Lyttelton being chief mourners, and the service being read by the Rev. S. Gladstone. It is sad to read that Miss Ida Gladstone, youngest daughter of Sir Thomas Gladstone, Bart, and niece of the ex- Premier, died on June 22. In the Peers, on June 25, the Public Worship Regulation Bill, after a full and interesting de bate, was read a third time, and passed. In the Commons, on June 25, a discussion arose as to the mode of appointing Judges in Ireland ; and Mr. Vance uttered the remarkable dictum that the members of the Judicial Bench in the Sister Isle were " equal in ability to the English, and in wit and brilliancy to the Scotch Judges." What will the detractors of Scotch " wut" say after this ? The question of the construction of the dock yard at Haulbowline was also considered ; the British Museum Estimates were agreed to—not without earnest recommendations from several honorable members that the salaries of the edu cated, efficient, and overworked officials in Great Russell-street should be speedily increased ; and the new policy of the Government with regard to the Gold Coast was exhaustively explained and examined. £35,000 in aid of the adminis tration of the West Coast Settlement was voted. An amusing conversation also occurred as to the present state and prospects of the Wellington Monument in St. Paul's Cathedral, which has now been in hand for something Like twenty years. Mr. Goldsmid observed that the monu ment was being completed by an " upholsterer," to which Mr. Lowe, on behalf of the late Govern ment, who appointed the gentleman in question to assist the artist originally entrusted with the conduct of the work, tartly replied that an " up holsterer" was as good as anybody else, so long as he did his work well. We cordially agree with Mr. Lowe. Lord H. Lennox promised that when the Wellington Monument was finished, it would be " super excellent" The "Situation" in France has continued to be as complicated, and it would seem—bar the Solution of the Sword—as hopeless as ever. In the Assembly at Versailles on June 19, the ma jority of the Decentralisation Committee with drew from the prosecution of the Municipal Bill ou account of the manner in which that measure hai been treated by the Chamber. The minority attempted to proceed; but the princi pal "Conservative guarantee" in the bill, a clause recognising a cumulative vote so as to secure the representation' of minorities, was struck out by 579 to 33 votes. The Committee of Thirty appointed to " revise and settle " the Bill for Organising the Republic, decided to sit with closed doors. The Pope, on June 19, received the congratu lations of the College of Cardinals on the anni versary of his election to the Pontifical Throne. In his allocution in reply His Holiness virtually repeated his famous allocution of " Noa pos sumus." Pio Nono said that he was very sorry to have to excommunicate anybody, but that he " would not make peace with the enemies of the Church." On June 20, the indefatigable Pontiff gave audience to the ambassadors of France, Austria, and Brazil, and to a deputation from the Neapo litan nobility : to which last he made a speech, saying that he did not approve of Catholics voting for the election of members to the Ita lian Parliament On June 21 there was a brilliant reception at the Vatican of the representatives of the Italian dioceses, and of the " Catholic youth of Rome," and, this being St Peter's Day, Pio Nono, for the first time since his " captivity," showed him self for a few minutes from a corner of a win dow of the palace. There was a small crowd on the Piazza San Pietro, among whom were some sympathisers with the Temporal Power, who uttered Borne cries of " Viva il Papa Rt." Thereupon the polioe and bersaglieri proceeded to clear the square; but a knot *of English ladies—among whom, it was said, there was one fair American —resolutely declined to " obtem perate" to the demands of the authorities. Upon this the gentle mutineers were marched off to the nearest station-house ; and after hav ing been admonished by a courteous superinten dent as to the necessity for obeying the law, were severally set at liberty. There will be attempts made, no doubt, to turn this trifling expression of temper into a "Vansittart inci dent " calling for diplomatic interference ; but it seems by all rational accounts to have been the veriest storm in a teapot imaginable. On June 22 it was announced from Paris that the Viscount De Damas, a confidential agent of the Comte De Chambord, bad arrived in Paris for the purpose of conferring with the Legiti mist party as to the feasibility of making ar rangements for the proximate restoration of Henri V., on a new basis—the " basis " being the acceptance by M. De Chambord of the tri colored flag. Are there not certain concessions j which can be made " too late ?" But the report about M. De Damas may be, after all, as well or as ill-founded as the story of the recent abortive "demonstration" of the Bonapartists. The Prince Imperial was to attend mass in the Chapel of the Invalides ; and then he wa. to be " presented " by a number of devoted adherents to a body of troops drawn up ou the Champ de Mars, who were of course to shout " Vive FEtn pereur f and to proclaim the young gentleman Napoleon IV. on the Bpot But somehow the Bonapartist coup detat, or rather coup de main, failed to come off as intended. 