MISCELLANEOUS. A Singular Accident and Narrow Escape. — A young man , named J osepli Hedges, son of Mr Stepheu Hedges, of Hillsborough, was riding homewards, when 'a violent squall overtook him. The wind tore the leaves and bougli3 of the trees off, and a large limb came crashing down upon the head of- Hedge's horse, killing it instantaneously. The young man, however, escaped with a violent bruise on the thigh, caused by a blow from the falling wood, which drove a tin match box in his pocket, violently against the flesh. The wood fell all round him, and when he came to himself, he found that he was in the centre of about two tons of broken timber, none of which except that which bruisedhis thigh had touched him. — Maitland Mercury . A Nice Distinction. — Recently we referred to the injustice to which the newspaper press of Victoria was sub jected, in having to pay a postage fee of one penny on all newspapers posted in New South Wales, whilst journals printed in the latter colony were forwarded to all parts of Victoria, free of charge. From a perusal of the Newspaper Postage Abolition Act, which came into force in New South Wales in the beginning of the year, it seems to us (says the Murray and Hume Times) questionable whether postmasters have the right to charge for Victorian or aDy other news papers posted in the colony. The second clause of the Act states that " all news- papers posted in the colony if transmitted within seven days from the date thereof, and all printed newspapers ' received from abroad,' shall, if unclosed or en closed in an envelope open at both ends, be received, conveyed, and delivered to all parts of the colony free of all postage whatever." Victoria is to all inteuts and purposes a foreign country to New South Wales, and its newspapers must, therefore, come under the designa tion of those " received from abroad," so that if they are posted in New South Wales they are entitled to be conveyed free of all postage whatever. The matter is of very considerable importance to the Melbourne weekly press, such papers as the Australasian and Leader . having a large circulation in the Riverine districts. In the event of our reading of the Act being correct— and we do not think there can beany doubt on the subject — the readers of the journals we have named will be enabled to enjoy their literature at a cheaper rate, as newspaper proprietors have made it a rule that subscribers benefit by the abolition of postage. Wodonga State School. — It is satis factory to state that a tender has been accepted for the erection of a new State school at Wodonga. The building is to be of brick, and will accommodate about two hundred pupils ; but the plans have J been so plotted that it can -be extended from time to time, without disarranging its proportions, or cause inconvenience in carrying on the work of tuition. Having regard to the gradual increase that is taking place in the population of the town and neighbourhood, it seems to us (says the Murray and Hume Times ) that the building should be made to accom modate at least three hundred children in tho first instance. Were the com pulsory clause of the Act to be put in force we feel certain that the attendance even now would be little than three hundred children within the ages pre scribed by the Act, resident in the town and vicinity, many of whom are at present receiving no education. Mr J. Ii. Humpkreysis the successful contractor £964. The building will be commenced forthwith, the site being the present school reserve. Garrotting at the Picnic. — An at tempt at garrotting was made on Mon day evening in the vicinity of the picnic grouud. The victim being a young lady from Parkes of considerable personal attractions. .The daring perpetrator was unassisted by any accomplice, and we are happy in being able to state that no serious consequences resulted. Our in formant was fortunately in a position to see the movements of the bold offender, who evidently thought himself free from observation. On hearing approaching footsteps he let go the Maginnis hold' and unhappily escaped capture. The fair one states that the garrotter in this instance put his left arm round her neck, and his lips so close to hers that she was unable to call for help. She has not lost any money or valuables, and describes the mode of attack as far more nleasant than that resorted to in Rvdnnv. — Parkes Gazette. Two Dear Nips of Milk. — An amusing anecdote is going the rounds relative to a well-known judge, who is not remarkable for liberality in monetary matters. Travelling by coach to on circuit, the judge had occasion to alight while the horses were being changed. He stepped into the bar of the wayside inn, and called for a "little whisky hot," which vanished with re markable raniditv. Then n larcre maocnra I of milk was brought for the "other pas sengers. Upon this the judge naively remarked that only he had drank his whisky ho would have had milk in it. None of the gentlemen taking the hint, he proceeded to help himself, and drank off a couple of glasses of milk and then stalked out. The hostess, thinking that one of the remaining gentlemen would pay, offered no objection. However, when settlement was made, it was found no one would pay for the judge's milk. The landlady, determined hot to be done in that manner, sallied out after her aged customer, and demanded payment. The old gentleman was very sorry indeed, and, with a meaning smile, handed her a £5 note. She took it, and immediately handed him the change, having deducted 2s for the milk. The judge pocketed the change with a look that plainly meant that he did not care for milk at that price. A Lady correspondent, who has been travelling1 in Spain, has a theory which may be commended to the care ful consideration of the Cortes. Much exercised by the activity of certain of her bed fellows, this lady declares that, were Spain to economise in fleas, their might be sufficient energy in the Penin sula to start the trains punctually, and occasionally turn promises into deeds. When completing his curious drawing of the Ghost of a Flea,' the lively ghost informed Blake that all fleas were inhabited by the souls of such men as were by nature blood-thirsty to excess, and were therefore providentially con fined to the size and form of insects. With this strange light thrown "upon Spain's largest population it is . most wasteful management that fails to utilise the creatures for the purposes of war. Placed at the head of the army, they would soon drive the Carlists howling into the Bay of Biscay. Don't Box Children's Ears. — Some of our scientific men are applying science to the protection of children against inconsiderate punishments. They un qualifiedly condemn the boxing of children's ears. The passage of - the ear is closed on its inner side by a thin membrance, especially adapted to be influenced by every impulse of the air, and with nothing but the air to support it internally. Any sudden or forcible I i compression of the air in front of this ' membrane is likely to injure it. Such a shock is almost sure to distend the membrane unnaturally, and sometimes it breaks it, especially when from previous disease the membrane has been weakened. Besides, such a shock always injures the nerve of hearing. Many a child, it seems, has been made deaf by having his ears boxed, and others, from the same I cause, have been afflicted for years and for life, with painful diseases of the I auditory organs. So . the verdict of I science is, " Don't box children's ears.'.' Touching Incident. — A New York paper gives the following local incident : — " The time worn anecdote of a person being so deceived by a the atrical representation as to believe it to be a scene of actual life was verified at one of the theatres lately. In the play, which pourtraved a 'drunkard. the chief actor, when in great- destitution, ex claims — ' Alas ! alas ! no one in this wide world will give me even a crust of bread to eat.' These words had hardly been pronounced by -the actor before the audience saw a tall man arise in the parquette, who in a voice trembling with emotion, said £ Gentleman, I am a poor man, but. I will give that man a dollar." Pur Orphans.— Can anyone, in whom -the milk of human kindnesss is not altogether curdled, read without emotion the report of the commissioners on the Randwick Asylum, which states that the poor little orphaned or deserted infants in this vast children's barracks are no longer little boys and girls, with Christian names to answer to when called, hat merely little numbers ! No longer little Charlie or Mary, but No. S and No 800 ! They are fed, clothed, and- housed, as well as can be managed ; but, oh ! fathers and mothers, when you read the fearful story of the little numbers, fold your tinv ones closelv to your breast, and pray Heaven they may never lose your protection; and do not forget when asking this for them to "supplicate a blessing on the little numbers. Such are the sentiments of the Sydney Post , winch "can be quoted with a hearty amen. A philosopher gathers comfort that there is such strong Conservative and Radical opposition from the fact that no human fate is exactly the same in its lines on each side ; no leaf perfect in its lobes ; no branch perfect in its symmetry. All admit of irregularity as they imply change ; and to banish imperfection is to destroy expression, to check exertion, to paralvse vitality. I Teaching Birds to Sing Tunes. — This is done in the town of Fulda. I where they keep regular educational institutions for bullfinches. They place the young birds into classes of six to ten each, and keep them in the dark, turning a little hand-organ for them when they are fed. Finally, the birds commence to associate the music with | the feeding, and when hungry they commence to sing a few notes of the tunes they hear daily. Those who do this are at once placed in a more cheer ful room, when some liirht is admitted. This encourages them and mnkt-s them more lively. Then they like to sing, and are soon taught more. The most dsfficult-part is the first starting of the birds, some of which have to be kept a long time in the dark, and on starva tion rations, before their obstinacy is overcome. In order tc teach them several tunes, they receive (after being thus taught iu classes) private instruct ions from the little boys of Fulda, each of whom has a few private pupils of this sort, iheir education lasts nine months, when it is completed, and the birds sent into the world as accom plished performers. An Awkward Position. — The South ern Argus reported an amusing incident that occurred iu the Goulbourn police court recently, when a legal practitioner was subjected to an indignity consequent on the advice he had given to his client. The learned gentleman was defending an excitable member of the fair sex, and was so repeatedly interrupted by her in his explanation of the circumstances of the case that he at length sat down, and told the lady to show the bench herself the manner in which she had been treated, This she accordingly proceeded to do and in demonstrating the conduct of one of the witnesses for the prosecution, seized hold of her advocate, and, in spite of remonstrance, dragged him. forcibly from his chair, an escape from being landed on the ground in an undignified position being only effected by his grasping firmly the edge of the table fronting him. Fortunately for the at torney neither blows nor kicks formed any part of the circumstances being represented, for had they done so it is most probable that the lady would in her excitement have fully completed the demonstration." Daily Weather Charts for the World.— The publication of Daily Weather Chares for the World commenced with, the present year. The time fixed for the simultaneous observation is a quarter to 1, p.m., Greenwich mean time, which for Europe, Africa, and the greater part of Asia, secures the advantage of daylight ; whilst in America the work is done at night, or rather, very early in the morning. Those wishing to help in the undertaking should apply for information to the- directer of Meteorological Offices, 116 Street, Victoria, West minister, London. Anecdote of the Princess Lou ise.— Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise is in the habit of visiting the poor families on the Argyll estate in .much the. same way as her roval mother ioves to do at Balmoral. A. short time ago the Princess was mak ing her usual round of visits to some poor people ne:y.- fnverary, accompanied by her husband, when she went into the hon»" of an old bed-ridden woman about 100 years of age. The royal visitor " speered " of the old dame whether she was in want of any asis- stance. .The. "auld wife " thereupon asked the Princess to help her to. a "wee drap o' tea " from the teapot which was before the fire. The royal lady got up to comply with the request, but on lifting the teapot discovered that there was no tea therein. Upon informing the old woman of this> the latter requested her royal visitor to " jist put a wee dradpie o' warer in- tilt." This only presented another difficulty — no water conld be found is i the house. Thereupon the Princess, with a smile, called in the aid of her noble spouse, who at once poceeded to the public well close by, and procured a supply of water, with which — when boiled — his royal helpmeet proceeded to " make " a bran new cup of tea, to the great delight of the old woman." Josh Billings. — Josh Billings has an entirely bald head, and it. is related of him that once when he. was at the Zoological Gardens, in Paris, tho day was warm and he lay down upon on# of the benches and went asleep. After a while he was awakened by a sense of suffocation, and when he opened his eyes he found that something covered his face. He began to struggle to re» lease himself, and the next moment a gigantic ostrich leaped up and began to prance down the path. The ostrich had observed the top. of Josh's bald head, and mistaking it for une of its eggs, it had begun to sit upon it foT the purpose of hatching. 