LENTEN INDULT. OF. JOHN' BEDE, By the Grace of God, anb the Favour qv the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney , and Metropolitan of Aus tralia. v To the Clerify and the Faithful of the Arch diocene, health and henedAction in the Lord. Reverend and Dear Brethren and Dear Children in Jesus Christ, — The season of Lent calls upon us once more to enter into ourselves, and to purify our hearts and spirits that we may worthily celebrate the glorious feast of Easter-tide, and be all the more ready when our Lord calls us to Himself. Year by year does our holy and gentle mother, the Church, impress upon us the necessity we are under in pi'eparing our selves for the Kingdom, which is to come, and of so living now that we scarcely should be afraid to die. She ' knoweth our frame and rememberefch that we are dust.' Her keen eye detects all our wanderings; her careful watching of us and studying of our characters makes her conversant with our weakness, with the various sicknesses of our souls, and with the special remedies which are mostlikely to work our spiritual cure. Her one idea is to save the perishing souls of men ; to lift up the fallen ; to strengthen the weak knees ; to open the eyes of the blind ; to make the leper clean. She, the Spouse, carries on the great work of the Bridegroom, and lives the life of Christ, healing and lifting up the children of mew. Her vision and interest extend far beyond the children which are immediately her own. She is conscious that her offspring are living -in the world if they be not of the world ; that they are surrounded by influences which are ?antagonistic to the purity of faith, and to the praticfts of sound Catholic morality. That subtle spirit which is in the air which j w« oreatne — which taints and corrupts the fair flower of perfect charity and self forget fulness ; that spirit, in one word, of worldli ness, against which our Saviour and his Apostles have ever warned the children of the elect, is still actively energising in our midst. The con cupiscence of the flesh, the concupiscence of the eyes, and the pride of life have taken possession of the hearts of the multitudes of men and women who live for this world amidst the interests, amusements, and ambi tions of the hour. Pride in man's intellect, iHfif; in nis rnnr«h»i-i! n-nA rrnanA r^P i*t/i.-.14-U and possession of fame — victory in the great struggle of life, the easy enjoyment of its prizes, with a comparative forgetfulnesa of 'God, and an ignoring of the punishments due to sin, produce such an effect upon the higher faculties of man as to render him at last simply a believer in what he can grasp and. physically or intellectually enjoy, and a self-satisfied- scoffer at prayer,, which places him on his knees before his Judge— at fast ing, which strikes at his brutal passions, hardly, veiled by the gossamer of modern hypocrisy— and at carrying his cross after Christ, which implies a' 'complete and radical revolution in the whole charactor of his life. The influences of the world, of passion, and of pride, manifest themselves under various modification according to the education, the initail prejudices, and the peculiar build of mind of the men or women who are brought under their influence. He who is given' to scientific pursuits will prove the super- natural sway as untenable and unworthy of the enlightenment of the age. He who is engrossed in physical science will declare, if he dare, his disbelief in prayer, and his unalterable conviction that there Is no power imaginable which can control or suspend the law of nature and the action of physical influences. He whose tastes are of a less serious nature, who passes through life as a pleasant or a weary dream, as the case may be, seems so enervated by the atmosphere around him, that he does not appear to possess energy enough to grasp any question of religion at all ; and fools perfectly content to take his chance as he would say, of the other world, if he be but left alone to amuse himself in this. Others, again, as if possessed by the malice of Satan himself, spend their lives and their energies in a vain endeavour to break up that Divine Organization which can never perish, and in placing every obstacle in the way of the saving Cross of Christ. Added to this, the influence of women of the world is beginning to become a danger to religion. If the power of a truly Christian mother be so great as we know it is — making home a kind of heaven upon earth — what must not be the damaging influence of those, who, tainted by the vices of an intellectual and un believing age, become the propagators of principles which point along the road of pride, and lead straight into the barren wilderness of unbelief ? Vanity and love of ease, a soft way of living, costli ness of apparel, indulgence in delicacies, and an over-weening love of admiration, are vices which' especially attach to women who have not the fear of God before their eyes ; but in these modern days of progress, women of the world have begun to intrude themselves into the arena of quasi-public life. They must teach, and are content to listen ; they must appear before the learned world, and are not satisfied with purifying and adorning the duties of domestic life, and teaching the little ones at their knees to love and to pray to their Redeemer. Being as a matter of fact born to obey' and to follow, their teach ing has been, and can only be, after all, a faint and broken echo of the popular creed or catch-word of the day — a creed or catch word generally invented for the moment by some clever and unscrupulous adventurer, or by some eccentric scholar, in order to attract a crowd and gain a hearing; and which, like all other inventions' of tho moment, does its work and destruction for the time, and then dies out, or gives way to some invention similiar to itself, Thus the leaders of what our Saviour calls 'the world,' and the echoes of those leaders, tend to create, and do in fact create, a vast moral influence which is diametrically opposed to Catholicity in all its forms, and fills' the air as it were with a deadly vapour which can not be freely breathed without tarnishing and tainting those who expose themselves without a safeguard to its acts. Thus the Church has seen 'from the be ginning that there is a vast power or cloud of evil hanging over her children, which is continually -threatening to envelop them in it's poisonous mist, and to snatch them from her view. She knows the power of 'the world.' its invidious attractions, and its strange fascinations for the elements of pride and passion within the best of hearts. She is conscious of dangers from within, and temptations from without; and she would do all that in her lies to keep her own and to draw others' to her fold. She has her instru ments and her methods. She knows how and where to strike at pride, and passion, and Satan ; she knows how to offer an example to the world whilst she purifies and saves the souls committed to her charge. Full of consciousness of the depth of the sinner's woe, and of his deep-dyed ingrati tude to his all-merciful Redeemer, urging him to repent, and turn to God with all his heart, she says:— 'Let us change our dress for ashes and sackcloth ; let us fast and weep in the presence of God, for our Lord is very merciful to forgive us our sins.' c. mi ? ? ? i ? ? '*i ? _i_'j.i__ t ? j i .11 a. ne priests, ministers oi uie juoru, snail j weep between the porch and the altar, and ? say: Spare, O Lord, O spare thy people, '? and shut not the mouths of those who praise Thee, O Lord.' ' Let us amend of the sins we have com mitted through ignorance, lcs(; suddenly overtaken by the day of our death, we seek for time to do penance and be not able to find it. Look down on us, O Lord, and take pity, for we have sinned against Theo. Help us, O God our Saviour, and deliver us for the glory of Thy name, O Lord.' Havins? thus endeavoured to hrincr --,1ir minds of her children into a serious mood by her prayers and lamentations, the Church sprinkles ashes on their foreheads, tells them that they are but dust, and reminds, them that to dust they must ultimately return. Thus she 3trives to remove worldly impres sions from their hearts, and to cleanse them of the soils and heat of daily active life ; thus she introduces them to the holy prac tices of the Lenten season, and ?? endeavour's ' to open their eyes to the business and pros pects of another and a better world. Against the combined influences of ungod liness, and the threefold attack ''' of world, flesh, and Satan, she has instituted an opposing moral force, which, brought to bear upon her children throughout the world, and at a stated season, tends to bring the thoughtless to a sense of duty, the vicious to a knowledge of their crime, and those who are really seeking after the ''perfection of a Christian life, to a still more perfect apprecia tion of choir privileges, and' of the sweetness of seeking Christ alone. The season of Lent, indeed, may be .regarded as a period, of general Retreat for Priests and people : as a time in which they may once again] renounce, as they did in Baptism, the world ! with all its pomps, the flesh with all its \ lusts, and the devil with his cunning ternpta- \ tions and his darkening pride. And in \ order that there should be 'no ?uncertainty. or ! vagueness in the duties incumbent on hev.j children during this period of unusual grace, the Church has tn -st wisely pointed out the special instruments by means of which they may secure to themselves the mercy and grace of t,ho Redeemer. She urges them, especially during this seasou.to spend more time than they usually do, in prayer ; to mortify their appetites and their passions -by abstinence and fasting, and to , curb their love of gain and of wordly fortune ? by generously giving of their substance to i the uses of Christian charity. You know, dearly beloved, from your own experience, how engrossing are the occupa tions of worldly business, and how the pur suit oi' wealth and the greed of money getting are liable to tnke .possession of tiie soul to the exclusion of its Maker How often do we not hear men talk as if the pur suit of wealth was the one business of hie '? What anxieties and clouds does inn. i\w over-weening search after it bring u;»on Hi. soul! and when once it has been iicvum together by days and nights of restl ..« ioil how unwillingly do men part with it ! How closely they cling to that wiiic;i has been so hardly won; and with what pain, orou on their death-bed, do they at last recognize the shadow which they have followed all their lives, and which now flits from them, and is out of sight, over before they can be carried to their graves. Wealth and gold almost seem to have a natural tendeney to harden the heart and to corrupt the mind: or, at least, the eager search after its acquisi tion so far benumbs the higher instincts, as often to render men painfully indifferent to strict conscientiousness, honor, and truth in their dealings with their fellow men. How many conventional doooits and. prevarications in the details of worldly business ; how much intricacyin the management of accounts are not the results of making gold practically, the one object of pursuit in life, and position, in so far as it can be bought with gold, the sninmum. bovnm of man's desire upon earth. It is . for you, dearly beloved, to look into your position before God during the holy time of Lent: Now will be the season for you to examine the practices of the past year, and to make good, resolutions for the future. Have you, for example, fashioned your conduct on the pattern given by St. Paul ? ?? .' Tho time is short,' he says : 'it remaineth, that they who have wives be as if they had none ; and they that Weep, as though they wept npt ; and they that buy, as though tiiay possessed not ; and they that use this world, as if they used it 'not ; for the fashion of this world passeth away.' Have you so lived as to be witnesses to your selves and toothers that you .practically -hold with the Apostle, that we have here no Lasting ? city, and that the present with all its wealth is' comparatively of small account ; for however bright for the time it may be, ' the fashion of this world passeth away ?' And if you should perchance discover that this world and its interests have taken too great a hold of your mind, fro the exclusion of the interests of your immortal souls, then, by steady practice.? of holy prayer, force yourselves as it were, into the presence of the world to come, and with the four best things — death, jndgment, hell, and heaven standing before your imagination, pray to our Lord to grant you a spiritual mind, that you may so learn to live and labour in this life as not to make shipwreck of the life to come : thus, each one according to his wants and necessities, trials and temptations, can look over his account, and if so be, reform the practices of his life. And if prayer spiritualises the mind, and carries the soul out of material things into a heavenly atmosphere, fasting curbs the ap petites, and subdues the passions. That same spirit of worldhness which treats prayer as a useless superstition, spurns and scoffs at, the idea of restraining the natural appetites by fasting and abstinence. It says 'that God will not punish us for indulging the passions with which we are born ; that it is no praise to bo unnatural ; and no crime to be a man.' An evil generation, thousands cf fears ago, dearly beloved, held the same opi nion : they ignored or denied the necessity of self-denial; and they ' did eat and drink, and they married wives, and were given in marriage, fihey bought and sold, they planted and built: and it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.' Then how awful are not the words of our Divine Lord, who ever was all- merciful, and filled to overflowing with loving tenderness to man. '..How narrow. !- he exclaims, on' -.the moun tain of Beatitudes, ' how narrow is. the gate, and straight; is the way that leadeth to life, and few thore are that find it ??' Again : 'strive to enter by the narrow gate, for many, I say to you, shall seek to enter and shall not be able.' Should not such ex clamations as these, coining from such a source, sober us very much, and cause us to look into the past year with careful and courageous eye ? How fearful to be lost, and lost forever ! How despairing to have allowed ourselves in what is unlawful for a time, and then, suddenly, the thief coming, and our being buried in hell. Examine your state now, dearly beloved, be fore the day cometh in which no man can work; and enter into the spirit of holy church a!; this season, mortifying your flesh by fasting or abstinence,, according to the law and captivating ?your reason to the obedience- of faith. Thus you wiil separate yourselves ? from the profane arid godless world, you will feel yourselves, on Christ's side, and by your very fasting, to be publicly protesting against the spirit of license and insubordination which has gone abroad. 'Be converted in fasting, and in weeping and in mourning. ''Rend '.your hearts and not youV garments, and turn to the Lord your; God, for He is gracious and merciful, patient and rich :in mercy, and ready to repent of evil. ' And then,, in fulness of your heart?, cry out in the 'Psalmist's words : 'Deal not with us, 0: Lord, according to our sins which we have committed, nor punish ns according to our iniquities. Help us, O God, bur Saviour, and for the glory ol thy name, O Lord, deliver us, and forgive us our sins for thy fame's sake.' The spiritual temper creatod in us by the practices of prayer and fasting during the holy season, of Lent, naturally suggests the 6hird obligation which in a special manner presses itself upon our notice. For what serious- minded man can enter into himselt before his Maker, and look at his past life, without being conscious of many short comings, of much carnal mindedness, of much sloth, of too much forgefcfulness of the merci ful Hand which has up to this preserved his iife, and poured npou him largely many bene dictions. Who is there amongst us who has not much to be grateful for, and does not feel that he has been spared when he mighthave been cut off in the' midst, of his '-day's-; that he has been in easy ? 'circumstances, when he might have been reduced to speuury'; the Lord has still sheltered him \inder the shadow of His wing; when, fdr Jiis sins and his ingratitude, He might have cast him off for ever. Does not, the .voice of .the natural heart itself cry out. that some. .acknowledg- ment should be made, for so . many benefits some token of thanks should be offered for so many blessings shed with so. large a hand upon yourselves and upon your -'- families 5* And does not the voice of the illuminated intellect proclaim and teach1 that those who possess the substance of this world are buf the ministers of the benefits of ; God? All that we have is His gift, be it body, or soul, or land, or the wealth of this teeming world. The leafy woods, the everlasting mountains' the pearl at the bottom of the sea, the gem hidden in the rock, ' . the ? metal in , the mine, the marble in the quarry— all that is fair and bright, all precious substances,, arft His, and were made by Him, and have been lavished upon man, to. lift him to his Creator, whilst they proclai m the beauty- and wealth of the All-powerful and. All- wise.. And if He has done so much for us, and has poured on us so many benediction, redeemed u* with His Blood, fed us with His Body, and clothed us with Himself; if He, against whbra we have so often transgressed, lias thus visited us., who are sinners, with the mightiness of His compassion, what does He not expect us to do for the poor and ;for the ignorant, whom He loves above all others in the world ? Does not a desire rise up within us in the midst of the prayers that we oifer Him, to do something for His honour, and for the reparation of our sins ? Does not the fullness of our heart prsolaim within us that as He has geuerously bealt with us; so should «re. deal with the widow, the orphan, and those who are in sorrow P Do we not .;fe;ei a call to become the ministers of .His 'mercy, the messengers of His compassion ?' What better token could we offer Him of sorrow ror past sins, than by giving of our substance for His glory ? What better earnest, of a more spiritual life could we present to Him, than by offering to Himself generously some portion of the gifts which He has vouchsafed to us, than by assisting in building churches, where He may be worshipped and by making rich the House in which He is contented to dwell? The world itself gives awav in charity. He who possesses no religion at all is often ready to feed the hungry, and deal out his substance to the poor. But let your aims, proceed from some higher motive than that of simply satisfying the feeling of compassion implanted in the heart of man by nature it self. Give as the ministers and stewards of the Almighty God; give of your own. .as if it were His ; for in reality all things whs -h we possess come from Him, and He will ono day take them from us, whether we will, or.no; for we shall be carried to our graves naked of all things at our appointed charities to the Church, to the Propagation of the Faith, 'to- the Altar Society, to the Good Shepherd! to St. Vincent's, to those especial 'object « which those who have the charge of the flock of Christ have most deeply at heart. Let an humble spirit accompanj' the oblation which you make to God, and look upon it as a. special privilege to be allowed by Him who is your Master to offer to Him of his own. as if it were in reality yours to give. Bless His gracious name for according you so great a mercy; for allowing it to be that alms should deliver from death, and purge away sin, and gain mercy for us, and ^everlasting life. It is thus, by the use of the threefold in trument committed to us by the Church— by prayer, fasting, and alms deeds— that we ave gradually, during the course of- the forty days of Lent, drawn out of , our', entangle ments with the world, and enter again into the illumination of God's Ploly Spirit; thus it is we repair the past, and make good u*e steps for the future ; thus we. start again, «.s ifc were, at Easter-tide,, in the course of our spiritual life, further from sin andits defile ments, and nearer to the holy onois of God, His angels and saints ; thus, finally, we begin once again to live in the kin.»chni of Jthe World Unseen, and to take up our fellowship there, where we hope hereafter to dwell tor Tj evermore. And whilst thus working 'out '-your own, salvation, forget not to pray for others .; pray for the Church, that the Ark of Salvation may ride buoyantly upon the waters, and ' , save thousands of perishing souls ; pruy for the Holy Father, that he may yet behold that triumph after which his eyes have been peering into the future for* so long a. time; pray for your Bishops and for your Pi'iosts, that they may do God's holy will in all in all things; and pray, finally, that Mrhen che thief cometh in the night, we may be all found watching and keeping our garments, and that when this our worldly course is drawing to its close, Jesus and Mary and Joseph may be nigh unto us to deliver us from evil, and to receive us into our rewa**U Pearly beloved, may our Lord draw you ; all 'ever nearer to Himself during tliis^spason of mercy, vnd may tl.e Grace our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Charity of God, and the ?Communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. , ? , -, M '-Given at Sydney, and appointed to be a-ead in all Churches and, Chapels of the '?:Ai^hdi6cese on Quinquagesima: Sunday,. 1874\. ? * ? '?'.?? , ? ' ? : -i ' ©JOHN BEDE, . i Archbishop of Sydhey. 