CATHOLIC. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. MARY'S CHURCH, YOUNG. The ceremony of blessing the foundation;, and , r " V •- 7?.. => T-. .!•._._ I on account ! great success on Sunday last. e , , „ f , , . - 1 At about half- past ten o clock the children attending St. Mary's school and others^ about ; two hundred in all; themembers of the Burrojra | and Young divisions ofjthe Holy^thotict*niW, , numbering "unitedly about sixty; and a vcr y , large number of Catholics resident in tins and : neighbouring districts, assembled on the green facing the Church gr.rind A proceasioi^Wiw ! then formed, consisting first of the "sclwol ; children, then of the Guild, arid then of the members.of'the Church, who liad assembled from different parts to be present at" the cerc- 'mony, the whole procession walking two abreast. The children were very neatly attired, tlib girls for the most part being dressed in vvhite. and with bine * J 1 —- ' The members of the Guild wore green scarves, trimmed n ith gold frhigo, and* a cross j ^nibroidered in gold, tlie officers wearing scarves of yellow or crimson o; blue. In front of the Guild was carried the Crucifix, the samfe symbol being also carried before the school children. Ti e procession tlien walked all round the Church grounds, the children singing, first the Litany, and afterwards the Miserere, and then filed into the enclosnre, where the ceremony was to take place. In this enclosure a spacious marquee- and large Tange of bough sheds were erected, under which, at one end, were the altar and the oxcayation for the scone, andrthe ; remainder of the''ifepacp was -filled by eeatij,?for ; the persons assembled, a portion being occupied by the harmonium and choristers. The Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Gonlburn, dressed in full cononicals, having On his head the mitre and in his hand the crozicr of his office, together with the. priests — the • B^vds. — Reardon of St. Mary's, Sydney, H: M. Finnegan and D. O'Dwyer of Young—tpok 'their places in a small space in front of the altar, close to a larget wpoden cross, .which- ha,d. been erected to ntfej&fc; 0 spai/where^eajtarbf" the new church 7 wonm be placed. The antiphon, Sinnum salutis, " O Lord Jesus Christ place the «ign of salvation in this place, and suffer not the destroying angel to enter in," and the 83rd Psalm, " How lovely are Thy tabernacles, O Lord of Hosts," &c;,, were then chanted^ the Bishop sprinkling with holy water tlie.-spot around the cross. He then offered up tlfe following prayer :—" O Lord God, who, although heaven earth cannot contain Thee, does nevertheless vouchsafe to have a house on earth where Thy name may be continually invoked : visit, we beseech Thee, this place through.iJife interceding merits of the Blessed Mary, ever Virgin;, and of all the saints, with the serene glance of Thy piety, and by the infusion of Thy grace purify from every stain of iniquity, and "preserve it purified; and-do Thou, who has completed the devotion of the beloved David, in the work of his son Solomon, deign to comBlets^bi|r desires in this work, and may all spiritual iniquity fly hence, through the Lord Jesus Christy Thy Son, who, "with Theie and the Holy Ghost, liveth ana reigneth Goa for ever and ever, Anion." -The Bishop, acccompanied by the priest!^'tlien proceeded to the foundation-stone, which was, cut -"square and angular,'" accordiijjf to tho- 'form prescribed in the rubricj andileased it; offering up the proper prayer. He iftarwards sprinkled the stone with holy water, andi.piade with the trowel upon each side of it the sign of -the Cross, in the name of the Trinity,- - This was followed by a prayer, and-afterwardp by the Litany of the Saints, which -.was saidrby the Bishop and priests. Following this wasintoned the antiphon, " Jacob arising in tho morning set up a atone for a title, and, pouring oil ^ipon it, he vowed a vow to the Lord : VerCy, this place is holy and I knew it not." This agai^ waB followed by the Psalm^ l26,, 'I.UnlMS Jhe, Lord build the house they labour ih J vB.i)ff that' buiia it,'' &c.; The stone was then placed in its position, and the Bishop epjinkled it with lioly .water, at the same time saying, "Thou shalt sprinkle ine» t) Lord with hyssop, and I shall be cleansed • Thou shalt wash .me "and I shall be whiter than snow." The Miserere Dens. Pgalm 60, was tt}en,repeated, after, which the Bishop, assisted by this clergy, went round" the - foundations of the building, the Bishop sprinkling these foundations with holy water as he went, while the Antipfiori, "Oh bow terrible is,this place ; indeed this is no other but the house of God and the gate of heaven," and Psalm 86, " Her foundations are upon thp hills," &c.;, were being chanted. Two appropriate prayers concluded this portion of the ceremonial. , The choir performed the anthem, "Let ws adore," and during the. Mass which followed, alas perfojmeSl, -in 'a ^solemii -and iwpt^iaire manner, -tne antlramsv Sc., in their tifaer as prescribed, the harmonium being effectively played by MissXJaatl. ; Mass yas then performed by the Rev. D. O'Dwyer, at' the conclusion of which the Rev. G. F. Dillon, preached the sermon, taking for •his iext verses 7, 8, .and 9 of the 20th chapter of the Apocalypse. - " AM^mien theithouSand years .shall bo^fihislied, Satan be iowed -out of His prison; arid sliall go forth, and seclude the nations, which ave over the. four quarters of.llie earth, Gog and Magog, and 6Wfgatlier"tlieni togethar to battle, the number of room is as the sand of tbe sea. " And tliey oatne iipon tlie breadth of the earth, and - encompassed the camp of the saints, and the beloved city. " And there came down fire from God out of liDa-den, and devoured them-: and the devil, who seduced tliem, was cast into the pool of fire and brimstone." In a grand and eloquent discourse, the rev. gentleman protested powerfully and earnestly against the infidelities of the age ; touched upon tlie prophecies' and their" fulfilment, which the Church recognises as relating to the Virgin Mary, tlie saint to whom the edifice is to be ^dedicated : and. exhorted people^ to }yo ener- ^tiq* attd-iiberai ^Mi;their:^eri$pi3te»ai}d contriutions for" rearing up the structure intended for the worship of God, and the honor and glory of His name. After the sermon the Bishop, in a short address^spoke of the liberality lately' evinced "by the people of,Wagga and other places: in subscribing to building funds in connection with the Church, and hoped that the people of this place would not be behind hand in their liberality. Several liberal-donations were then laid npon the stoiie, and a collection was made at the gate. We have not heard for a certainty the amount collected, as yet, but understand that it was very considerable. 