NEWS AND NOTES. A contemporary yesterday directed attention to “ the evils which some persons fall into by jumping at conclusions upon weak premises or disjointed in formation,” and has in the same issue afforded- an illustration of the dangerous practice, by declaring Mr Abbott to be the artist who sketched “ The Lecturer Abroad"—a gem of a sketch, with, which Mr Abbott had no more to do than he bad with regulating the lecturer’s appetite for “ viddera and wittles” while on his interesting tour. r * j •: - ■, . . ? . . At: the City Court oh Friday, the charge'against William and Bridget Brown, for breaking into the Hay market restaurant on the; previous evening, was before the bench, but the ininits of the case were not gone into, Mr O'JDee, for the defence, having objected that there was no such charge included in the Corn* ih'on Law Statute osbreaking into' a‘ dwelling” with out an intent being added. .Mr Holmes applied to amend the charge, but Mr O’Dee declined, and the defendants were thereupon discharged. It is under stood, however, that the case will come before the law courts in another? shape, and that. ,Beverty, ..the landlord, wilLappear asithe defendant id an action'for damages for illegal ejectment. In consequence of the prevalence of measles in Bal larat it .has ;been_decided,, by .the Education. Depart meht to close St. Paul's school. A telegram'to' that J effect was received by Mr F. Muller, secretary of the Board of Advice for Ballarat East, on Friday. .. . About 1100 children and adults in connection with the Yarra street Wesleyan Sunday and day schools were conveyed by special trains on Friday to Ballarat, to hold their; annual picnic. The visitors arrived, shortly after ten o’clock in two trains,’ the' first'of ten and the second of eight carriages, and in consequence of the rain did not go to the Botanical Hardens as was intended, but were accommodated in the Alfred Hall, the use of which was granted them through Mayor Bussell, after Mr Bosenblum had kindly consented to dismiss bis school. A few of the picnicers found their way to the Gardens but did not stay long, and by far the greater number, found amusement in strolling about the 1 town; visiting especially the top of the City-hall tower; which was crowded nearly all the day. ManyVidf. the-. children' anfused themselves 1 with various games in the Alfred Hall, .where the. refresh-. ments' were, provided. The visitors returned to Geelong, by two trains starting at 5.30 and 5.15 p.m. respectively. The, band from . the’ Geelong Woollen' Factory accompanied ■ the ' children :and discoursed enlivening strains both in the‘ Alfred Hall and-at the railway station. Another picnic party passed through Ballarat on Friday on the way-to Geelong, ■ consisting of nearly 500 children and adults from St. Paul’s Church of England Sunday-school, Clunes,' who were rather more fortunate than the, Geelong people as regards weather, for they had a fine afternoon in Geelong though a not over'bright morning. The Chines people were conveyed by special train to Geelong, which at Ballarat,; on its, way back, was split into two trains of five carriages and a guard's van each, light engines taking the place of the heavy one from Geelong.. , . ' , V, , /,■ ; , '■ ..'An inquest was held at the St. Mungo hotel, on Fri day, on the body of the male child found in a waterhole in .Johnson’s' paddock bn Thursday. Hoi additional information was afforded to the jury than that given in Friday’s Star, and the jury returned to the effect that there was no proof as to, when, how, or, by what means the deceased child came by its death;. : We omitted : to state in ; our ; report of the ''Benevo lent Asylum committee last Monday that thanks were passed to'Mr B. Ward and'Mr P'Lbughlin for the gift of a large quantity of bake, &c.;, for the 'inmates of the Asylum. A correspondent ‘ writes;—During ' the electrical storm which passed over the Sjpringdallah 'district on Wednesday, about 7 a.m., a tree near the Grand Trunk School was struck by the lightning, and the trunk shattered ; into, pieces, which -werei strewn all round. Several pieces five feet long and six inches thick were' driven thirty yards off. There was no appearance of charring, nor any mark in the ground where the lightning entered.' The ground was scored in many places.where the large pieces tore up the surface for a distance of twenty feet.” •; Increased railway accommodation has made letter and paper delivering later and more uncertain. A curious -fact, but-a fact nevertheless. ~ Perhaps, it; accounts for this fact also, that it was not till Friday that we received the" Cramclt' Advertiser with the' following:—“A slight collision occurred yesterday afternoon at the railway station, which, fortunately, ended in no worse results than a severe fright to the passengers on their journey to Clunes by the afternoon train. It appears that’ a'special train laden with rail way plant for Clunes, was despatched from Ballarat shortly after'the 3:55 o’clock passenger train, arriving at, Creswick j before .the other had cleared out. In coming round the sharp curve the breaks were put on, bub not in time to prevent the special-coming incon tact with the other and sending it forwards a few yards, fortunately doing no damage whatever either to passengers or property.” •, 'r The Clunes School Board have (writes our cor-• respondent) at last given up t “ the ghost.” On Thurs day evening the members unanimously tendered their resignations to the Minister, deeming it useless to retain their seats any longer, as they could not benefit the schools under their control. The recommenda tions of the board have been so persistently ignored by the department that in addition to the previously published resolutions the, following one was - also adopted}:—“That the members wish it to be distinctly understood that they are . not dissatisfied with the act it itself, but rather with its details as at present administered,; more particularly as regards boards of advice. That they feel these remarks may he neces sary to relievelhem from.any charge of obstruction to a measure, which iu its main features has still their hearty support, a»d that the whole of the resolutions be drafted, signed ' by the .retiring members, and transmitted to the department." Prior to ad journing, the members of the board recorded on their minutes their satisfaction at the courtesy and attention at all times received by them from,the State school teachers; also, thanks to the chairman and cor respondent for tfaa able and painstaking manner in which they discharged the ■ duties of their positions. Thus euds the. existence of the Cluues Board of Advice. It is doubtful if seven respectable men will be fount) ip thin' town to .take their places, so disgusted are the. inhabitants with the actioh’o'f the Education Depart-' ment. r Intense excitement was caused is Mair and Dove ton streets on Friday morning at ten o'clock. A fiorse attached to'a buggy with a boy driving it, bolted from tho vicinity of Sturt street. The boy, whose pluck was greafly admired); :stuck to ;the reins and guided .the runaway up Doyefon street into Mair street, turned round when near Lyons street, then . back to Doveton street, and up Soldiers’ Hill. 1 It was here that the boy got a' pull on the annual's mouth; and he managed by excellent skill to stop the horse without apy damage having been done. \- The tender of Mr Johnson, contractor of Buninyopg, has been accepted by the engineer for the Buninyong shire Council for forming and draining 11 chains of road opposite James’ hotel at Lai LaL The pries of the tender was £lO. Of the trppsit observations at Ararat, the Advertiser says:—“The path of the planet across the sun’s disc was observed from the Ingress Jo the egress, and it was mentioned very generally that the arc was not nearly so large as that set forth in the dia grams which have been issued from the Press. It presented 3. very strange appearance for hours bn Wednesday to notice old and young, from four years to almost four score, resting their backs against a fence, and straining their ntoks back to pt a good position for a view. All the telescopes and all' the opera glasses in the township were pressed into the service, and even the infant-school children had their bit of Smoked glass.' Later in the afteroon, 1 there was scarcely a child to be seep jn Barkly street without a smudged face. An ingenious, hut simple£nd effective, means of observing the phenomenon was' adb’pted by the compositors of the Newß;—‘ A hole in the skylight blind Emitted the rays of, the sun, and threw a capital reflection of it, of about two inches in diameter, on sheets of white paper placed jn proper position. Oa these; diagrams of the’•positiohsiof the planet were drawn from time to time, and afforded the great num ber, of people who visited the .improvised observatory a capital idea of the great events; and .supplied them with appropriate mementos.’:" . ‘ S , 'i The. police at Inglewood have’/communicated with the Government, the Age) the arrest of a man'alleged to be Sullivan, who was implicated in,the atrocious murders committed some years ago. id the neighborhood of Nelson, Hew Zealand, and who had been pardoned by the Government of that colony, . and, as.it was believed, sent; to ’ England. There is home doubt, however, whether the individual referred to is-the real Simon Pure, for he is stated by Captain Standish to haye resided at Inglewood for some years. The man, whoever he may be, is : the exact similitude of Sullivan’s likeness. He has been arrested, and, pending, enquiries, is detained in prison. Should he prove to be the convict suspected he will be prose cuted under the Influx of Criminals Bill;, by which he has rendered, .hinwelf ; liable - to. imprisonment for ' two years.' A 'Herald telegram froni Inglewqod. oh Friday says:—“ Sullivan; the .notorious ; Hew Zealand murderer, was arrested by the Wedderbum police oh Wednesday at a house in which his wife formerly resided.; At; first he resisted the police, l but subse quently gave in ; and was looked up. He: says he came from England; by ship to Sydney, thence by steamer to - Melbourne,, and By coach to Inglewood. The news caused’igreat excitement in the district, /many persons travelling long distances to see him. Several persons in the neighborhood, .who knew Sul livan, distinctly affirmed that the prisoner is the man.” A City JVeibs telegram says he was arrested ..by,; the Wedderbum police in the house of his wife. We under'sland'that the Roman Catholio-bishop of Ballarat Is brother of an old Ballarat resident now here. : ■c: It will be seen in our Melbourne letter that Messrs -Irving, Glover, and Cos. are the successful tenderers for gatekeepers’ huts on the Avooa and Ararat lines. . The weather on Friday was wintry in its cold, south: winds, bringing up heavy clouds and 'occasional showers. : ... An important discovery of plumbago has been made, in the claim of the Hew North Park Company within the’last day or two, a vein of this i valuable mineral having been-struck • in the 350-feet level, about 150 feet from the shaft. The vein is 2 inches thick at the. top of the drive, widening out to 10 inches at the' bottom, and the plumbago is apparently of good, quality. We are informed that the best Cumberland plumbago is worth from 40s to 60s per lb, so that if this be.as good, the discovery is a most important one. The erection of the -Clunes railway passenger station and outbuildings is; being proceeded, with rapidly! ’ The station when finished will be’a handsome and commodious building, containing refreshment bar, booking-office, \vaiting-room, and officers’ quarters.’ The goods shed, pn ; the opposite side: of the fine,; is com pleted, and has . already; been proved , not ;to be too large for the. traffic. The making of the line , to Tal ’bot. is rapidly approaching towards completion. There are only about two miles of rails to be kid to com plete the connection, and it is probable the line will be open for passenger traffic by Hew Year’s-day.' ' " At a meeting of the Smeaton Annual Sports com mittee on Wednesday evening, the sum of, £7O was passed for horse and foot racing, to be competed for on Boxing-day, on the local racecourse. , ;> As to the Harracoorte Art Union, a private letter frotri near the S.A. frontier informs us that it is ex pected there that , the 'tickets'-/will be at a premium before the time for the ',’ The, Geelong Times says;—“ The cutting in the rail way tunnel is proceeding very slowly; the drives being through solid rock, which breaks away ini crumbles and : small pieces. Hoi 1 drive will probably break through to the mouth.of the tunnel in about a week/ butit will be a fortnight before Nos. T and 2 drives meet.” ■ ■ : . Concerning the missing man Dennithorne, a very Uncomfortable feeling prevails (says the News) amongst many Stawell people. The..suspicion 'is gradually gaining ground that the man has, met with foul play in the neighborhood,- and the (discomfort of inhabi tants on-tbe subject is not at all allayed by the utter apathy displayed by the police authorities. An adjourned meeting of, gentlemen favorable’to the formation of a coursing blub, was held on Thurs day afternoon (says, the . Bendigo Advertiser), .at Meagher’s Builders’ Arms hotel, Mitchell street. There, was a large attendance, and it was shown that eighty gentlemen had given in their adhesion to the dub. The rate of subscription was fixed at two guineas-per’ annum,’ and-the-election of;officers was postponed to the second Thursday in February. .Representatives from Sebastian, Run’nyinede, and Castlomaine were /present.:;/-; y. A'.'-., . . Referring to a denial of ifca. paragraph as : to the. Minister of Lands. and. : his oollegues.-the Herald on Friday says:—“ We state distinctly that the informa tion : contained in our paragraph is true in every, pair ticular.” ‘ . : , -;l:'j’1 1 The inhabitants of Melbourne may be congratulated (says the Age) on their narrow escape from a cakmity, the fatal and ’disastrous effects of- which- could; hardly be : over- estimated. While a thunderstorm waspassing' over Melbourne'at eleven o’clock on - Wednesday fore noon, a.large gum tree in the Royal Park was -struck by the electric fluid, and was completely ’shattered to -pieces.-o The tree at' l ten feet from the/ ground was about two feet six inches in diameter, and although partially decayed in the centre it had a thickness of; eight or nine inches of solid wood immediately under ■ the bark. The lightning tore off and scattered all the limbs, leaving about twenty feet of one-side of; the trunk standing, the other side being broken into small, splinters and dispersed over the grass ’.to a consider able distance.. The portion' that remains standing has been cleft' open. through its 1 whole substance, affording ample proof of the amazing. power exerted.- This tree grew between two carriage drives in the park, about 100 yards from the, residence of Mr R. Gibson, on the Sydney road; and a lady who wit nessed the occurrence from a window describes it as a most appalling sight. The tree was also within 200 yards of the powder magazine,'in which at the present ; time, there.are upwards of 100 tons of powder stored, and had that building been struck instead of the tree it is-certain that a very-large portion, of the city and suburbs would have been destroyed by the .explosion that would have followed. ■ ‘ The probability of the‘dispute respecting the boundary line between this colony and South Austra lia being referred for decision to the Privy Council has (says the -. Argus), already. been- notified. Com munications between the two Governments upon this subject have been proceeding for some time’past. The answer'made on behalf of this colony to :the claim set up by South Australia is based on two grounds—first, that the boundary line is correct; and, second, that even if incorrect, the territory, has been for so. many years in the possession of this colony that she cannot now be dispossessed. ’ A meeting of the committee for arranging for the reception ’ of his Grace Archbishop Goold, oh his arrival by the - mail, was held on*‘Thursday even ing (says the Argus) in the presbytery of St. Francis' Church. The Hon. M. O 'Grady occupied the chair, and there were about 20,persons; present. The. Rev. J. P. O’Sullivan stated that the clergy would fall in with whatever arrangements were made by the laity. There was considerable discussion as- to whether the reception paifcy should engage a steamer, to convey his grace from the mail steamer to Sandridge, or should receive him at the landing-place at Williamstown, and , thence proceed by rail to Melbourne. It was ulti mately resolved that those wishing to receive the archbishop should on Saturday proceed .to.Williama town, receive him at the landing, and come by traiu to Melbourne, and that there a procession should be formed to escort him to St. Patrick’s Cathedral, where an engrossed and illuminated address will be pre sented to him. It was stated that in accordance with' the rule of the Church the archbishop would be habited in canonicals on arrival at Melbourne. The following singular occurrence is reported by the Hamilton Sjyep(a{gr ;—“ Soma months ago, Mr KUz, wine merchant, of Golljus street Wpst, l)fel-: bourne, although not himself professing to be a be liever in spiritualistic doctrines, happened to be pre sent at a seuucp where a medium of his acquaintance was going through the pqstdnjary formula of intro ducing the spirits of departed persons, . Qne pf these spirits was announced as being that of a young lady named Naomi, who had departed into the spirit laud about three weeks previously. The message commu nicated to Mr Iptj! from Haomi was as follows: ‘ Send your poor sister some strong tiirpeqtfue.’. Mr Kitz was surprised at this, because he happened to have a sister, Mrs Hoskins, of Brauxholme, who was lying dangerously-ill with hydatids. Further en quiries elicited that the ■ proper quality of spirits of fqrpeptine could not be procured at Brauxholme, and that the does tp h.e administered was to be twenty drops'per day. Mr Kits, willing to gjye the myste rious prescription a 1 trial, immediately went to the establishment of Messrs'Feldheim aud Jacobs, and ob tained the. best procurable sample of the preparation recommended, which he duly forwarded to Branx holme, The medicament being taken by the patient, she rapidly recovered pij.dei' its influence, and is how as well as ever.” ' ; ■ 35 We (Advertiser) learn that not only in Ballarat, but also.id Geelong, the very last place in which we should have thought such au imposition would’ be, practised, Sbgiisb are being palmedoff as colonial-made, which they duly' Veaembla if) pattern; -The excuse given by.the importers of .these Inferior twesds ij, gq great is the demand for Geelong tweeds' that our two manufactories are unable to keep pace with it, and as people insist; upon having Geelong tweeds they are obliged to import the’ same patterns from England. The statement /that ihp Yjctorian and Albion com panies have been unable to meet the demand is. we believe, quit? correct, and it is patisfaoWry, .tlierelore. to know that the Barwon.Woollen Mill Company and Mr W. H. Collins will soon commence manufacturing operations. Still we would point out. that it would -have been more honest if ther importera had caused the tweeds manufactured for, them in England to equal in quality; as-well as ia pattern, those which they desired' to imitate. By .importing an inferior article, they were Simply inflicting a great wrong on the ‘manutotureijty! This notice-should be sufficient to place intending customers, on their guard. If they wish to mate sure ’of obtaining'Geelong tweeds they must satisfy'themselves that-the articles offered them are genuine by seeing that the tweeds bear, the ..com panies’ brands before they buy. A Seymour correspondent of the Argus on Friday reports:—“ Some little-excitement was caused at .the, railway station here yesterday... As the Melbourne evening train was coming in, a well-known wealthy squatter, who was on the platform, suddenly jumped on the’ line and laid his head on the rails. A rush was made by his friends, who, after a struggle, succeeded in placing him on the platform, when he became very Violent, the efforts of,six; or seven men being neces sary to restrain him. .Mr Baldwin, of the Yarra Bend Asylum, being in the neighborhood, was, sent for, and was quickly on the spot, when, strange to; say, tho gentleman became immediately calm-and tractable, and getting up in a trap afthe station quietly accom panied Mr Baldwin to the Royal hotel, where he was attended by a medical-man,-and is reported this morn ing to be recovering.”’ Th a Northern Territory Times ' having inserted a paragraph to the effect that-some coolies had been ill-treated, the following replies appeared in the adver tising; columns-of the next issue of the Times :—‘ “ Please have inserted in papers statement’ in re coolies false., — James Simpson, manager" 7 Winn’s,. ;New. Company. To Joshua Jones, Palmerston.” “ I.treat. paragraph, referred to, and, many former paragraphs published in Gazette re coolies, with the contempt they deserve. Personally T demand strict investigation :here and in Adelaide. , I am not'paid for performing unmanly or dirty work. ..But enough, my. turn is coming. Please publish the above. — Q. M. Newman,’ manager Westcqtt’s N. Q. M. Company.” The Argus says that on Thursday evening a man named Strickland reported to Constable Hastings, on duty at Prince’s-bridge, that he had' seen the, body of a man floating down the Yarra about. 200 yards above Edwards’ boat-house at half-past eight o’clock. The constable and Stricklahd 'took a boat and searched the ■ river for a distance‘of about 300 yards, but without finding anything. , V ' Tn the case Learmpnth y Bailey, for the recovery of a’mining property at Egerton, there are (says th? Gippsland Times) twelve briefs, each comprising 1000 folios. There are twelve, counsel, so that, with his. Honor’s copy; there are 13,000 pages of manuscript before the court. . ; - - ‘ We see by-the Northern Territory ; Times that the 'Government are prepared to give a bonus of £lOOO for the first hundred tons of -sugar grown and manu factured in the Northern Territory. " The Ballarat Farmers’ Club will meet on Saturday, lOth inat., at 2 p.m. From an announcement ; made elsewhere it will be seen that the Rev. J. W. Inglis will give on next Fri day evening, in the Eastern Town-hall; in raid of the Public Library, “An Evening at Home with Dickens,”, selecting , appropriately for the season from the “ Christmas Carols.”; Nor will the entertainment be confined-to. Dickens.. Selections will be given also from Shakspeare, Scott, and Moir, &0., and from-the well-known ability of MrTnglis a treat of high excel lence may be anticipated.' Members of the Mechanics’Tnslitute . having books out are requested ].to return them at once, for tho annual stock-taking. The Rev. Win. Chalmei-s, of Kyneton, will preach in Christ Church to-morrow morning and evening. , . There is to be a grand affair at the Alfred Hall on the 29th, 30th, and.3lstinst.,bn the occasion; of the German Christmas-Tree. - It has been deoided’to have a tree 20 feet high in the centre, and -loaded with . gifts.. . There will be stalls around the tree, and every article in the stalls will be priced at one shilling, but purchasers will have to take their chance in- the lot tery-box, which will not contain iiuy blanks. ' During the evenings of the days named there,-will be prome nade concerts. . The opening night will be celebrated by a torchlight procession, in which the fire- brigades, in cluding the Sebastopol brigade, will tilke part.' ‘ ’ A match at bowls will be played this afternoon between the Ballarat and Learmonth Clubs on the Ballarat green. - - -f - ... We have received the “ Report of. tho Anglo-Jewish Association forthe year 1873 4.” It contains reports ;bf Jewish condition, in; many'parts of the world, and-' a list of 'subscriptions received.■ , With respect to the School of Mines examinations, we are requested to state that studeut.J. E. Grabble passed in. trigonometry .as . well as in Euclid and logarithms. " \- Mr Simon- Morrison will be in attendance at the Royal hotel this day, to pay over the prizes awarded at the last Agricultural'Show.'; -r: ; ;; Mr S. G. yaientinß.will offer ,at auction to-day, at the Royal hotel, the . toll-gates within Buninyongshire A cricket- match was played on Wednesday after 'noon; between the Barkly street C.C. and the Evening Star C-C-, which resulted in an easy victory for the former, by 30,\runs; and six wickets to spare. The •scores vyere:—Evening Star, 52; Barkly street, 82.; \- The- adjourned meeting of publicans will be held at the Buck’s Head hotel. at three oldockthis after noon. .. .I'; 