Household Eecipes. To COOK TOUGH MEAT.-All kinds of poultry and meat can bo cooked quicker by adding to tho -water in which they ure boiled a little vinegar or a picco of ii lomon. Jiy thc usc of an acid, there will bo n con- siderable fiÄi'ing of fuel, as well us shortening of time. Its action is boneßeial on old,tough meats, rendering them quito tender, and easy to bo digested. Tainted meats and fowls will lose th oh* bad taste and odour if cooked in this way, and if not used too f reoly, no tasto of it will he acquired. WINE JELbY.-Dissolve one box of gclatinc|in a pint of cold water ; add a pound of loaf sugar and tho juico and grated rind of three lemons j then add a pint of boiling water and a pint of wine, some cinnamon and cloves. Let it all come to a scald ; strain and put in moulds, and set on ice until wanted. FbKAS, BED-BUGS, &O.-Put; a few drops of oil of worm-wood on a handkorcheif or a piece of muslin, and put it in the bcd haunted with tho enemy. Neither of these tribes can bear wormwood, and tho hint is es- pecially recommended to travellers who are liable to fall among the topers of blood. SAUCES KO« PLUM PUDDING.-1. Fresh butter and powdered lump sugar beaten together until tho mix- turo becomes of the consistency of cream. 2. Beat up tho yolks of six new-laid oggs with six tablespoonfuls of powdered lump» sugar ; add half a tumbler of pille brandy, and rather more than half a tumblorof sherry ; put tho mixturo in a jug, placo this in a saucepan full of boiling water, and froth up tho sauce for about ton minutes with a chocolate mill. 3. The best French pale brandy. i Tho highest office -within tho gift of tho people ia tho weather signal station on Pike's; Peak. . I When a girl falls in lovo with an unlucky Irishman, I her heart always goes pity-Pat. 1 ' The gentleman who lately took the fresh air in tho Central Park is requested to restore it. " GOING OUT WITH THE TIDE."-Accompanying tho bridal party out of church. Puzzled school-boy to his teacher : " But, Sir, if wanst naught be nothing, then twico naught must bo something ; for it's double what wanst naught is." ' ' Ain't it wicked to rob dis here roost, Ji hi ?" ' ' Dat's a great moral question, Gumbo ; wo ain't got time to consider it now-hand down another pullet. " On a lady's entoring tho assembly-room at York, Sterne asked her name. Ho was told sho was a Mrs. Hobson ; on which ho said he had often heard of Hob son's choice, but ho never saw it before. " Emma," said a littlo girl to her school-mate, " wouldn't it bo awful if somebody should shoot our school-mistress?" " Yes," was tho roply, "but then wouldn't it bo nico not to have any school?" A sentimental editor say;., " It is comforting to know that ono oyo watches fondly for our coming, and looks brighter when wo come." A contemporary is grieved to learn that his "brother of the quill has a wife with ono eye.n A Western nowspapcr gives a thrilling account of a steamer's perilous voyage, describing particularly her dangerous passage over tho falls, with only "one inch of water between h or keel and the rocks, and half an inch of atmosphere between her chimneys and tho bridge." "What timo is it, my dear!" askod a wife of her husband, whom she suspected of being drunk, but who was doing his best to look sober. " Well, my darling, I can't tell ; cause, you seo, there aro two hands on my watch, and each points to a different figuro, and I don't know which to believe. " A Yankeo grocer, hoing solicited to contributo to tho tho building of a new church, promptly subscribed his name to tho paper in tho following manner : " John J on CH (tho only place in town whore you can got cloven pounds of good sugar fora dollar), twenty-iivo couts." A Now York farmer laughed when his prudent wifo advised him not to smoko on a load of hay. Ho footed it homo that night with his hair singed, most of his gunnxnts a proy to tho devouring clo mont, and thc iron-work of tho waggon in a potato sack j and then his wifo laughod. , : Our colored friends lovo large words, nor aro their preachers wholly oxompt from this affection. A local proacher at Washington, who also holds a position in ono of tho departments, hitoly observed that ho "was to got do rest of his salary at tho close of do iizziolo year." Porhaps he meant physical, but moro prob- ably fiscal. A player performing tho ghost in Jfamíeí very badly, was hissed ; af tor bearing it a good whilo, ho put tho audionco in good humor by stopping forward and saying, " Ladies and gontlemon, I um extremely sorry that my humble endoavors to please you aro mimic ooHsful ; but if you aro not satiBlled, I must give up tho ghoBt." Epitaph in Banbury Ohuroh-yard, Oxfordshire. (From G'olos's MSS., in tho British Museum.) ""To tho memory of Bio. Itiohards, who by agan- grenó first lost a too, aftorward a log, and lastly IIÍH lifo, on tlio 7th of April, 1(550. "Ah 1 cruol Death, to maka tine« monis of ono I 'Po tasto and cat, and oat till all was gone : But know, thou tyrant, whon tho trump shall call, He'll Hud his feet, and stand when thou shalt fall," 