CORllESPONDENCE. Tenth Let ter. TO THE AIOST REV. DE. VAUGIIAN. SUBJECT.— PURGATORY.— (Uonhmied.) (Per favour of the Protestant 6'tandard.) "Thou coniest in such a questionable shape that I will speak to theo."— -Hamlet. AIo.st Eev. Sir, — Having examined, in my last letter, the passages of Scripture which are cireu in your doors as giving countenance to Purgatory, and having shown their irrelevancy, it remains for me to show how entirely contrary to the whole spirit of the Gospel this terrible fiction is. You are fond of quoting your com mission — "Go, teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things which I have commanded you, and lo I am with you all days, even to the end of the world." If, then. He never men tioned Purgatory, and his Apostles never hinted its existence, and if they always taught and acted as if they disowned any punishment for the pious after death, how can that priesthood which teaches not what Christ commanded, but something different, be of the true Church? Our blessed Lord, for instance, forgave many sinners ; but we nowhere read of his imposing any temporal punishment. He said to the sin ful woman, — "Thy sins are forgiven ; thy faith hath made thee safe ; go in peace." (Luke vii. 49, 50, Douay version.) He forgives a male factor on the cross, but told him of no Purga tory, but of " Paradise" that day. " God hath forgiven you in Christ," (Eph. iv. 32, Douay version), says St. Paul to the Ephesians ; but what kind of forgiveness could they imagine which yet required punishment? To be for given a debt is not to bo cast into prison till they have paid the uttermost farthing. If Romanists really read their own version of the .Bible, say in the 53rd chapter of Isaiah, how many of them, living or dying, would fear Purgatory ? Speaking of the Lord Jesus Christ, the propliet declares — "He was wounded for our iniquities. He ivas bruised for our sins ; the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and by his bruises we are healed. All we like .sheep have gone astray, every one hath turned into his own way, and the Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all." Is. liii. 5, 6 ; and .as St. Peter, "the Prince of the Apostles," quotes it — " Who his own self bore our sins in his own body on the tree, that we being dead to sins .should live to justice ; by whose stripes ye were healed, &c.;" (1 Pet. ii. 24, 25.) If the Lord laid on Him the iniquity of us all, and If by his stripes we are healed, what room can there be for Purgatory? If the "chastisement of oiir peace was upon Him," what cruelty is it of any church to remove the chastisement back ' again on ourselves. Again, it is written — "'I'here is now no coli- deinnalion to them th.at are in Christ Jesus " — (Rom. viii. 1); and, "Who shall accuse anything ag.aiust the elect of God?" — Roin. viii. 33.); and, " I am, I am Ho that hlottoth out thy iniquities for my own sake, and 1 mill, not reweniher thy siiis"7-(lj!. Ixiii. 2.5) ; and, " The blood of Jesus Ouiisthis Soaclcausctli us from all .sin" — ( 1 John, i. 7) ; and, "Blessed arc they that wash their robes in the blood of the Lamb ; that they may have a right to the tree of life, and enter in by the gates of the eity " — (Apoc. xii. 14) ; and as quoted in your own translation, " Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, from henceforth now saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours." — (Apoc. xiv. 13.) Do not these, and hundreds of other p.as.sMgts wliichcrowdthepagesof Holy.Scrii>tiire, conrrast strangely with the following doctrines whicli you are sworn to teach, and which could not. more strongly oppose the Scripture teaching if they had been framed expressly with that intention. "There is, besides Gehenna, or hell, a pur gatorial fire, in which the souls of the pious (piorum), having been tortured (criiciatm) for a limited time, are expiated, in order that an entrance into the ctern.al country may be nj cned to them, into which nothing defiled enters.'' — Catechism of Council of Trent. " If any one shall say, that after the recep tion of the grace of justification, the guilt is so remitted to the penitent sinner, and the penalty of eteriii'il punishment destroyed, that no penalty of temporal punishment remains to be , paid, either in this world or in the future in Purgatory, before the access to the kingdom of Heaven can lie open-Let bim bo Accursed " — Council of Trent, Sess. VI. Can. 30. Has not your own Bellarmine s.aid : " In things which depend on the will of God, nothing ought to be affirmed unless God has revealed it in the Holy Scriptures;" and it is certainly str.mge that, if as Trent says, "Purg.atory is a wholesome and comfortable doctrine," it should never have been defined by any Council until that of Florence, A.D. 1439. Indeed, tortures may be conceived to be wholesome, but scarcely ' to be "comfortable." I bring my remarks on Purgatory to a close by short selections from the Fathers, for whose writings your Church professes so much regard, but who evidently knew nothing about Purga tory — as indeed some Papal writers have not hesitated to admit. Such as Fisher, Papal Bishop of Rochester, who writes : "There is no mention .it all, or very rarely, in the auciont F.athers of Purgatory. The Latins did not at once, but by degrees, admit this doctrine ; and the Greeks believe it not unto this d.ay ; and Purgatory being so long iinknomn, it is no wonder that in the first time of the Church there was no use of indulgences, for they had their begimiing after men had been awhile scared with the tortures of Purgatory. " — lloffeiis. Lutheri Confut. To the same effect are Cardinal Cajctanand Alphonsus De Castro. Cyprian : "To him who believes, a salutary indulgence is gianted by the Divine pity, and immediately after death he passes to a blessed , immortality." (De Demctrian cli. v.) Epiphauius : "In the other world after deiith there is no repentance, alms, nor piety, There Laz.mis comes not to Dives, nor Dives to Lazarus. The storehouses are scaled; there is no egress ; the time is accomplished ; the com bat is ended ; the race is run ; the crown given , — .and they who have striven are quiet : after death all things are pleasingly terminated, &c.; Ephesem, the Syri.an: '"There is no middle between hell and the kingdom of heaven." (Du Pin. Ec, History, vol. 1, p. 22.5.) St. Ambrose ; "Death is a haven of rest, and makes not our condition worse : but according as it finds every man, so it reserves him to the judgment to come." Of the pious dead, instead of painting them as suffering in Purgatory, he says : " They enjoy security, the reward of their diligence and innocence ; they are not in volved in any terrors or troubles. They begin _ to be conscious of their repose, to foresee their future glory; and soothing themselves with that consolation, to rest tranquilly in their mansions, attended by the guardian angels." .Terome could not have believed in Purgatory when he wrote his Commentary on Amos. ' ' When the mind, released from _ corporeal fetters, has the liberty, by reason of its tenuity of substance, of flying whither it wishes, or ia compelied to go, it will be conducted either to the infernal, or certainly exalted to the he.avenly regions. " St. Augustine' had at one time some thoughts about a middle state, which, however, he .after wards repudiated, saying : "We read of heaven .and hell, but the third pl.ace we arc utterly ignorant of : yea, we find it is not in the Scrip tures. There is no middle place for any : so ' th.at he can Jbe nowhere except with the Devil, ' who is not with Christ." "Know ye this, that when the soul is separa ted from the body, .it is either immediately placed in Paradise for its good works, or cast headlong into the depths of hell for its sins." And yet this same St. Augustine is appealed to by your Church as the chief proof of the doe- trine which in many such passages as these he . emphatically denies. This profitable prison, then, found neither in Holy Scripture nor the Fathers, but introduced only by a gradual imitation of Paganism, is a mere fiction — a ghrstly terror to affright with nnre.al cruelties the souls for whom Christ died. I will take up Indulgonces in my next. Yours very faithfully, ZACHARY BARRY, LL.D. , At the great meeting, in Berlin, tc express German thanks for English sympathy in the struggle with Eome, Professor Gncist, who wa.s in the chair, thus concluded an eloquent speech : — "Ve congratulate England that she remem bers the darker pages of her history, when the .Tasuitic spirit attained power in the councils of the Crown, till at last Jesuitism itself brought on the conflict in which England attained her gi'catness. It was this spirit which colonised North America, which gained the empire of the . seas, which has brought up a . people that in the centre of trade has accumulated the treasures of the earth, and yet has retained its moral simplicity, its love of truth,' ami fear of God. We have full trust that this spirit of evangelical truth will one day assert itself as the religion of the world, and when that enthusiastic cry comes from .across the Channel to greet the most , honoured of our n.ation, 'God bless the Emperor William ! ' we answer, ' God preserve Old ' England, our moat powerful and surest ally in the striicglu for the civil and religioLS liberty of 'the nMions 1' " 