ILEN'S ADVERSARIES. (To the Editor of the Journal of rnmo/nj Education.) Sir, — I am not going to return those cor. respondents, who have done me the honour of noticing me, railing for railing. It is a sorry way of discussing a subject to impute all kinds of unworthy motives to your opponent, and to abuse, instead of trying to convince him. We ought to be more tolerant of each other's opin ions, and not fly into a passion because others dont think as we do. 1 compiamea, mr. Editor, of certain assertions of yours about creeds in the February number of your perio dical. You adduced nothing in Bupport of the very grave statements you made. I showed you in the March number, that the creeds -which you so unsparingly libelled, have done immea surably more for education than the anti-Credists. I need not tell you that conviction is produced by instruction and reasoning. If I were a boy in your school, I would most likely have ac cepted your statement about creeds without asking for proofs ; but, not being a boy, I must, with all due deference to you and your apolo gists, ask you and them to consider me a man who does not wish to see creeds condemned without judge, jury, or testimony — a practice worthy only of our late blood-stained arrivals from New Caledonia. Lest your correspondents should consider me discourteous to them, I will notice a few points in their letters, although the majority have so wandered from the text and have exhibited such irascibility of temper that, 'The most effectual way to balk Their malice, would be to let them talk.' Still, I owe them something. I laughed hear tily at their waste of anger for so trifling a cause. 'An honest inquirer' says : — ' the greater achievements of the human intellect have been made in despite, nay, in opposition to them (creedn). He instances only two — the Reforma tion, and the persecution of Galileo. Well, half a reason in support of any argument or assertion is better than none. Are these re levant to the question at issue ? You have by admitting them, settled that. Flease accord me a like indulgence. I'll say nothing on the Re formatien, but quote the author of it, and a well known English writer. Luther in his sermons (Kirchen postill), vol. 1, p. 92, Wittemburg, 1530, says : — ' Whoever wishes to find Jesus Christ eught first to seek the Church. How could anyone know where Jesus Christ is unless he knew where his faithful are. Whoever wishes to know Jesus Christ and his doctrine, must not trust tohimself, orattempt by Ms ownpri- \ vate reason to make a road to Heaven for himself, j but he must seek the Church, go to the Church, I and consult the Church. The Church does not | consist of a mass of wood and stones, but it- is j the society of the faithful, and it is with them i tre must be united ; we must believe with j them, and teach as they teach, for they live ' in Jesus Christ. Because out of the Christian Church there is no faith, no Christ, no salvation.' An English author known, I am sure, to all teachers, says so many things of the Reforma tion that I could not ask you to afford space for j quotations ; I refer to Cobbett, whose history on ! the subject, particularly his second letter, is I instructive. I wonder a man who professes to l»e an honest inquirer does not hear both sides. If he will consult Bergier's Dictionary of Theo logy, article Monde and Sciences, Beraut Ber oastiJ's History of theEnglish for they ear 1634, or the researches of M. Mallet Dupau, of Geneva, an impartial Protestant, who wrote a dissertation on the affair of Galileo in the Mercure de France, 17th July, 17S4, No. 29, he will find something that will shake his faith in the hackneyed calumny} about the so-called persecution of Galileo. Enough for the day i3 the evil thereof. For such a remote contingency aa the presence in thousands of Buddhist, Brahmin, and Ma hometan children in this or the other colonies, we need not at present provide. Isn't it somewhat a stretch of liberalism for your correspondent to associate the Chris tian with such, creeds? Your correspou denb recomir&ids; a man to think oub his failfe for himself. The late John Stuart Mill though g out his faith in that way, and where did it leave him ? [Read his autobiography, and you will see that hia intellectual faculties were abnormally developed at the expense of his spiritual ; that he was ignorant of the simple lesson which a child in a vil'age school knows, to fear God and to keep his Commandments, and that his ' was the secret despair of a heart feeding on its own bitter regrets.' I contrast his advice with that given in Ecclesiaates, Ecclesiasticus, and Pro verbs, and he will excuse mo if I prefer to be guided bv the Holv Ghost rather than his rcoet. I disclaim throwing down the apple of discord. Surely tc an honest inquirer ' would not forbid me crying out when I am lashed. My creed, which is as dear to me as my life, was recklessly decried, And I am accused of sowing discord because I raise my voice in defence of it. Strange doctrine this in our vaunted days of free discussion. I am sorry to see a teacher misquoting me as | ' Aliquis ' has done, for the purpose of simper- | ing at hie own bungling. Such conduct 13 0 neither gentlemanly nor Christian. I said jj nothing of the 'heat' of circulars; what I| ; did say is intelligible to.jvoy ordinary capacity,! I wrote, that religion sustains us under the heat and burden of the day and- distractm* circulars. When 'Aliquis' reads me again I would respectfully ask him to wear his spectacles and remove the mote from his eye. What grounds has 'Aliquis' for stating ' I can't abide the truth ' ? What grounds has he sav for insinuating ' that I am a flatterer of thp Council's officials?' _ ™e I am not so mean as to give praise undeserved to any body. Defence is not praise. When many were worshipping the ' golden calf,' and playing! the sycophant in other ways, I was not amongst them. I will justify my defence of the author of Analysis of Sentences presently. ' Quiz' says, ' I confound two very different questions, public and general education,' and 'that I don't perceive the distinction between a creed and a religion.' Your words were ? ? ' We desire to see education untrammelled bv the fetters of creeds.' I don't see 'educa- tion' there limited or qualified by any word. It is used in as general a sense as I employed it Who is guilty of the confusion, then ? Neither you nor I, but Mr. Quiz. Christian creeds and Christian religion ; I did not mean the worship of the Sacred Crocodile, or the immolation of human victims to hideous idols, or the monkey creed of the new lights, or the crude creed of the utilitarians. Creed means belief. Christian creed is the belief in the sublime and elevabing and consoling truths of Christianity. Religion which is defined ' to be the bond which unites man to God, is the perfection of a Christian's belief.' I am no hair-splitter, like your cor respondent. ' I wouldn't undertake to prove, by force of argument, a mare's no horse.' He repeats that I am 'malignant or ignorant.' I'll leave your subscribers to judge between us. 'Quiz' affirms, ' What good pomes of a creed beino1 committed to memory is nowhere explained in the Psalms, Prophets, Gospels, or Apostolic writings.' I won't say he is malignant or igtao« rant in trying to impose upon us such a bare faced assertion ; but ask him where the follow iDg quotations are found : — ' Remember thy Creator in the days of thy youth, before the time of affliction come. ' Need I observe that a person can't remember anything unless it has been committed to memory. Again, ' Train a young man according to his way, even when he is old he will not depart from it.' And again ' It is good for a man when he hath borne the yoke from his youth.' Further, 'My son, from thy youth up receive instruction, and even to thy gray hairs thou shalt find wisdom,' &c.; ' The things that thou hast not gathered in thy youth, how shalt thou find them in thy old ag«.' Lastly, ' Suffer little children to come unto Me, for of such is the Kingdom of God.' I take l«iye of ' Quiz' by assuring him that no scoffs will deter me from defending the Christian creeds or religions when one or other is wantonly assailed, and that ' defence, not defiance,' is my motto. One word about my letter on ' Reprehensible , Criticism.' The writer in his first notice says the book was ' worthless, ' and ' he hadn't a ?word of commendation for it.' In hia second notice he admits one chapter ' capable of use,' and others ' useful.' Is not this admission a justification of my saying that the first criticisa was decewing ? I am not unmindful of the time— a few years back — when many teachers (myself one) were sick almost unto death from an ailment pre valent amongst us. Several eminent doctor?, including Dr. Morell, were consulted, but with little benefit to the patients. Dr. Gardiner prescribed once a month, and comple tely cured us of ' analysis on the brain.' 'Tis not wrong for one of the afflicted to remember his benefactor. Long live Dr. Gardiner. It is, Mr. Editor, with considerable reluctance I have written this and my previous letter on your strictures on creeds. The Journal, I believe, was established to unite and net to estrange teachers. Uant w« meet upon a common platform to agitate for the redress of common grievances without engaging in a war of creeds ? You have pro» voked the strife by striking the first blow. I, ' An Inquirer,' ' Aliquis' and ' Quiz' are not blameless, I should not wonder if the Assooia tion would look upon you and us as enemies, for we have, perhaps, inadvertently been sowing tares amongst its promising corn. Your obedient Servant, ILEN. For four months the Electoral Act Amendment Bill has been before the collective wisdom of the colony. It has been introduced and debated, and committed, and reported, and sent to the Upper House, and amended, and sent back, and reconsidered. On Tuesday last it was again reconsidered by the Assembly, and although, months ago Mr.- Parkes said that he wovM carry it before the session was brought to a close, on Tuesday Mr. Parkes, by bis own voluntary act, in adjourning the House, strangled it in its birth. It was convenieat to him to do so, as it leaves no excuse for proroguing the House on Thursday next, and so leaving Mr. Parkes in power — indefinitely. „ One of the neatest things in the way ot advertising has been done lately in Dunecjm. A Mr. Chapman, a spiritualist, was summoned to the police court for an account due. He appeared and complained that the servico uaa been disgraceful.' ' How so ?' said the P.M., ' Well, your worsnip, saiu \jua.piuciU, _? ? - engaged professionally before a large audience. I had a lady medium on the stage. I was collecting articles from the audience and she, with her eyes bandaged, was telling everybody what they were. A man gavcune a paper. I asked the medium what it was. ≠ said, ' a judicial docament.' 'Bead it said 1. ' She road it word for word, and it was tne summons, your worship, and I was disgracea before everybody!' The spiritualist, we are glad to say, had to pay damages, but probably, his advertisement has put a good thing in tn» way of himself and ? the bailiff, who server the summons J ......... *??.«' 