FATHER GRASS!. (Reprinted by request from last issue.) The following is a translation of a letter from Paolo Grassi, Roman Chevalier, Ex- Priest and Beneficed Clerk of the Patriarchal Basilica Libcr- iana, to his Eminence and Alost Reverend Cardinal Patrizi, Vicar of the Dioccsc -and City of Ivonic : — Your Eminence, — Separation has always been most painful in the order of nature ; but it has always been determined by an impolling power to which the_ old bond of conucetiou can oppose no valid resistance. This superior power is found in violent diseases, which, in quenching life, separates the father from tiie son, the hus- iiand from the wife ; it is found in the impetuous wind, which severs the brancli from the tree ; it is found in tho hand of man, which 8la3'8 the wild beasts, or bre.aks in many pieces the rock. That which happens in the aminal and organic system is verified also in the moral ; and it is not seldom that men who havo oven for many years followed a certain lino of conduct, abandon it, in order to cultivate different and of ten opposite maxims, diciplinc and ideas. In such a pliase I am at present your Eminence. I liave been edu cated in a Roman Church, where I waU initiated into tho pi'icstly office, and received holy orders, and havo always been surrounded by loving care and attention by my superiors, so that to the present 1 have fulfilled the charge of a beneficed clergyman of tho Basiiico Liberiana in this metropolis, where no one would prevent mo con tinuing a peaceful and tranqnU lue. " Man doth not live by bread alone," said our Lord Jesus Christ ; and the exigencies of moral life, I add, arc much more powerful and irresistible than the w.ants of material life. In virtue of them,' there fore, and by the irresistible charm which the same exercised over my soul for sometime, I have at last determined to abandon the Papal Church, in order to enter and become a member of the Apostolic Church of Christ in Rome. The seccBHion has certainly not happeni without my paying largo tribute to the impulses of mj' he.ari;. The inward struggles with which I have had to couteml before coming to the above resolution have been tremendous and violent, but, finallj', reason conquered (or became supreme) ; truth triumphed over error, hypocrisy and imposition ; and therefore, praismg the blessed God for His special grace towards me, coni'inccd in my mind, and with conscience of fulfilling a sacred duty, 1 bid adieu to the past, to the old prejudices, to the inveterate hite, ill order to advance with comage in the "new and living way" in Jesus Christ, which alpne reunites us to our Redeemer Christ Jesus, the only haven of salvation, only anchor of hope, and only fount of all goodness and happiness. In an age and amongst a nation, the majority of whom have been reduced to inilifferoiice in all that regards religious beliefs, by the Laults of the Roman Church, my renunciation shall certainly not be to awaken the surprise or attract in any vay whatever the attention of the multitude. Nevertheless there will be some of the abject ones (or pusillanimous), who will cry, what au apostasy ! what a scaudal ! There fore, in order to justify myself before them ; in order to siiow that my cictermination has not been moved by enmity against tho sc who have hitherto been m3' e()uai8 or superiors in the ecc lesiastical hiurarch3', not by worldl3', but solely by religious motives, and dispositions purely spiritimT, 1 will briefly indicate by particulars in reference to the same, praying God that as they have convinced me, tlicy may also persuade aU others who are disposed and waucfcring away from tJic path of truth aud salvation. Above all (or before all) I feel it expedient to explain in a few words how I embraced the office of the priesthood in the Church of Rome. It happened to mc, as it liappcns to all those who enter upon the same way. It is very rarely, in fact it scarcely ever happens, that an adult, who has a knowledge of the avorld, and has .accuired a full development of his mental faculties, decides upon entering the priesthood in the Church of Rome. If tho Curia, Rontana jirescribcd that no one should wear the religious gown, of what ever colour, or enter an eccTeeiastical institution before that age in which an individual may be the arbiter of his own affairs and of himsoF, that is, at least of the ago, though as yet imma ture, of twenty-one 3'cars, we may be sure that the black cohorts over whom it exercised for ages its absolute and despotic empire, would bo much diminished if not altogether deserted. This truth, well known to the Roman Curia, made it determine in time to erect establish ments for novices, and seminaries, tho nalnes of which inform us liow in those places, as a tender plant and almost sown, is the man pre destinated to serve its objects, to form its militia, and maintain its doctrines. The child thrown within those walls by ignorant parents, iutereitid or deluded, everywhere is surrounded by teachers chosen to teach him in a given order of ideas and doctrines, by certain and determined books ; void of all freedom, be grows in an atmosphere .altogether artifici.al ; time and h.abit make it a necessity to him to breathe this foul air, a.s w<ater takes the hue of the vase in which it is placed. Life in tlie present ago is full of d.aiigcrs to the soul, as a doiise forest of Ii,a3'onets would be to the body. Yet the priest is depicted as a being superior to tho angels. 'I'heso dare not look upon the divine countenance of the Ijord Je.sus, while the priest is given to understand that not only can he make Him descend from heaven at his will, but that he feeds on His flesh and drinks His blood. "VN'ith so many evils ou this side, and so many attractions ou the other, wlio is the unfortunate young man that, placed in such condition, docs not accept the ecclesiastical profession, in spite of the powerful and teirible, though confused voice of nature protesting to the contrary 'i This is my history ; and is also the history of allthat are bound by the chain of holy orders, aud subject to that yoke under which all have bowed their head, unconscious and deceived. The young priest leaves the seminary and enters the world, to him till then unknown. Ah ! how many deceptions, how many delusions, how many griefs await him. The light dawns upon his sight, the truth knocks at the door of his inind, as by intuition ho understands the snares laid; fur him, the deceptions of which he has been the victim. He reads independent (non-party) books, he examines the sacred writings, .and discovers that those who have placed him in this false position have been and are guided by worldly motives ; history teaches nim how the HiOtntiD. Poutiffs ha>vc for tjo many centuries held tho sceptre and drawn the sword by that hand which should have been raised only in prayer to God aiid blessing man ; all his sur- rouudiugsmunifest that tho Roman Curia employs its power only in recovering its lost temporal dominion, even by a hecatomb of human victims. On the other hand, he is reminded of tho Divine Mjister's words— "My kingdom is not of this world," as also the words — "Render unto Oaisar the things which are Casar's ; and unto God the things which are God's." Ho perceives that for hiiu alone it is a crime to pronounce a word which is dear and sweet to the heart of everyone, — 1 mean the word " country in such ainazement and confusion of ideas from the bottom of his soiil he curses him who led him to this painful position, but how can ho withdraw J Becoming calmer, he reflects that he is now a priest. To retire, he must overcome a butiou of prejudicc-s, shock and displease relatives, and despise interest, to enter upon au uncertain future. At an age when youth is spent, it would bo most difficult to acquire a new position in life. Enclosed by so, many inexpuable ramers, the poor priest recloses bis eyes to light, he anffocates the remorses of the son, tho feelings of the heart ; he becomes tetragonal to the voice of humanity and progress ; throws away his books, or studies them only to delude himfiolf and deceive others ; and, resigned, he submits to the position made him iu society, towardswhich he is always irreconcileable, as if ;to revenge hinuelf for the wrongs suflfered. Then he becomes by necessity that which from his early youth he was destined to he — a bliud i'ustrumeht of the Curia, Jtoniana, believing, or fcijing to believe, all it commands him to bclioye, teaching what it prescribes, and when nwjcssary, conspires even against the security and integrity of his own country. This is why the- greater part of the priests continue to fill the ranks of that militia which the Papacy ever un couples against any who seek to make triumphant the doctrmefl of Christ and His Gospel, which brea.the peace to the soul, gentleness of manner, progress, and humanity. In spite of the above enumerated obstacles by which I also have been surrounded, how did I resolve to shake off such a yoke ? For me also the decision has not been without difficulties ; and more than once have I thrown away impartial (non-party) books which con vinced me that the doctrine of the Homaii Curia is not that of Christ, and I have longed to find the wertul book that might convince me to the contrary. ' One book alone I could not throw away — the U /\1«r Qitvinftivnc! lu T linvo .always said to myself the Book inspired by God; in it are contained the maxims of the Kcemer, the Acts of His Apostles ; it there fore must be the touchstone that teaches to dis- ecni on which side is truth, and on which is error. I have real these passages with joy and love, and in them I have found coiiviction, atreugth, light, and life. In them I have learned to know Jesus Christ .OH my only Saviour and Mediator, who shed all His blood to purge me from my sins. In them 1 have listened to the voice of the beloved Shepherd inviting me to Him for salvation ; "believe in the Lord Jesus and thou shalt be saved," I often felt repe.ated iu my heart while reading the Testament of Christ. Then I would think to myself, ought I to believe ? Should I not work in order to believe ? No ; the Word of .God would answer me : "Tliou are saved by grace thn ugh faith ; and that not of tliyself, for it is the gift of God ; not of works lest any man should boiist." Then I would reflect : so the good works I have done, so many confessions, so many fastiiigs, so intiny penances, so many masses, so much alms, have not saved me '! No ; " Man is justified by faith without the deeds of tbe 'aw." Oh ! then I comprehend what Jesus did forme ; I went to Him with my sin ; to Him, inviting me and calling me, saying : "Coniie unto me weary and heavy laden, and I will give me rett." I accepted Christ as the propitiation for mj' sins ; as He who paid .all for me, .1 believed iu Him, .md being justified by faith I h.ave pe.ace with God. Your Eminence, I am alre.ady saved. I h.ave now (or alre.ady) eternal lifei 1 feel it in my he.art ; I feel the witness of the Holy Spirit, which says to me, I am the Son of God. I feel I .am saved, and this certainty of salvation within me is so strong that 1 am ready to seal this faith with my blood. Who shall sepai ate me from the love of Christ ? Shall tribulation ? shall famine 'i shall persecu- tion 1 shall death ? No ; neither death nor life, nor height, nor depth, shall be able to separata mo from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Iiord. Having arrived so far, I understood the neces sity of good work, not to save us, no, for we are jiistilied by f.aith ; but .as a witness of our faith and for our justiiic.ation before 3uen. Then I understood thfit there can be no good works but those that spring from a living, faith working by Idvc'; and it is for tins motive, your Emiuence, thalt.you see ine at this moment putting off all things of the past and my old habits, that lm.ay d-edic.ato myself wholly to the service of Christ. I .am not moved by interest, nor by .anj' aecondary .and human motive, but only by the love of Christ, which is' in me, aud calls me to make known to others the peace, the pardon, and the life which I have found. I then .applied myself more earnestly to the study, of the Holy Scriptures, .and found also the bride of Christ, the Church. I saw this church, which is the mystical body of Cliriat, and therefore the complement of Christ, who makes it one complete and perfect in communion with all His members. He has heconie the head of all things in the church. He, the chief corner stone upon which the building joined together is rising into a holy temple of the Lord. He loved His church, and gave Himself for it, that He' might sanctity it, purifying it by the Word of Life, and present it in His sight, robed in glory without spot or blemish, or defect, lioly and immaculate. This church he has established as the pill.ar and ground of truth, th.at now by the church it may be_ made known to princi palities and powers in heavenly places, the manifold wisdom of God, and that throughout all generations, in all ages, the glory be to God in !the church and in Christ. True, this church is now in the desert aud iu solitude, but now is the .assembling of the saints, and this church awaits the wedding-day of her bridegroom, when, at the sound of the trumpet, .at the voice of command, it will be lifted up above the clouds in the air to meet tne ioru, .ana win tiien oe with the Lord for ever. We, with the Word of fiod iu our hand, recognise now a vicar iu this church, Christ has ascended iuto heaveu, and His, yicar has remaiucd here im earth iu the midst of His church, to teach, lead, and souutify the faithful ; but, your Eminenc-e, this Vicar I db not find in tbe Vatican- -I do not find it iu I'ius IX., aud Lis successors. 'J'lic Vicar of Christ is the Holy Ghost. AVheu I .am gouo I will send you the Holy Ghost, said Christ," and Ho will convince the world of aiu, of righteous ness and judgmoiit ; He will teach you all truth ; He shall glorify Me ; for he shall receive of Mine, aud shall show it unto you. The Spirit is sent by Christ in the ehureli, the abundant Comforter that it may multiply ; this Spirit unites to Christ iu one sentiment and communion of heart all His brethren ; the Spirit bestows liU gifts in the midst of the church, to some the gift of the Won!, some teachers, some pastors, aud some prophets, for the perfecting of tbe'siints for, the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the liotly of Christ, till we come in the unity of the faith and of the knowleclgc of the Son of Cod, unto a pcrfort SMW,. unto the measnre of tbe statue of tne fujness of Clirist. — Eph. iv,, 11, 13. < Becoming more" diligent in the study of the Word, I found th.at God being tho Lord -of heaven" and earth. He dwolleth not iu temples made with hands, neither is worshipped with niiin's bauds, as though he needed anything, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things.— -Acts xvii., 24, 25. Nor ought we to think that the Godhead is like unto gold,_ or silver, or stone graven by art and man's device. — Acts xvii., 29. But Christ, the only Pontifex of future blessings, is the excellent and perfect tabernacle not made with hands, in whom dwolleth all the fulness of the Godhe<ad, and all ChristiiuiB with him are the chosen generation, the rcyal priesthood, the holy nation, the peculiar people ,; and all those who are led by the Holy Spirit to tbe living stone, which is Christ, are as living stones built upon Him, as a spiritual house, as a holy priesthood to offer up spirituiil sacrifice, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. — 1 Peter ii., 4, 5. In the Word of God I have found but two sacraments instituted by Christ — baptism and the Lord's Supper. B.aptisni, or immersion, when the ChrisMan h.a3 believed as it Wiis insti tuted and ordained by Christ, was practiced by the Apostles, and iu the catacombs by the primitive Christians, as a witness and obcdienco to Christ, as a figure and sj'uibol of the death and resurrection of Christ, of death and burial to sill .and resurrection to a new life. The Lord's SJmAtw»i fiK .'L rpiMomltrniinn nf i.lin hrnlftn linrlv nf Christ, of the blood shed by Him for the remis sion of sins, aud as a witness left to the Church, that hy those symbols of bre.ad and wine the Church might show forth the death of the Lord till He comes. I have also examined tho history of the Primi tive Church of Home, and I found that she had no other faith nor hope but that which I pi-ocurcd from the Holy Scriptures ; yet how glorious was the witness of that church iu Homo whose faith was spoken of throughout the whole world. How m.aiiy glorious champions sealed this faith with their Idood ! Thtai, by tbe grace of God, I decided to aban don all that had been "added to the Church of Christ iu these batter times, corrupting it aud rendering it material and worldly, .and I return to the Church of the Catacombs, to tbe Primitive Apostolic Church in Home. It is not I, there fore, who have seceded from tho Church, but you have seceded from her. Descend, O Pope, O Cardinals, O Bishops, from your chairs, give way to Christ aud His Holy Spirit, .abandon that Sec whicli you have usurped, return to the ancient glories, to the .aiieicnt witnesses of which this Homo abounds, anil then I will bo with you ; but as long as yon persist in st.aying far from the faith, and th.at yon persist in your systematic opposition to tbe true and only Church of Christ, I leave you, I abandon you, for we ought to obey God rather than men. . Let us confront so much simplicity, so much facility, so much modesty, so much geutlciiess of precept, with the eumpliciited organisation of the Church of Popes, Cardinals, Archbishops, Bishops, Primates, Archdeacons, and Monsiguori wth an atiinity of privileges, attributions, juris dictions, aud supremacies. Let us confront the poverty of the founder of Christianity aud of his Apostles arith excessive riches, the poinx) .and pride of the Roman Church, and instead of finding consouanee and uniformity between them, ire will find coutiuu.al .antithesis ! The latter is the negation of the former. Christ addressed Himself to the minds and the hearts of the people, convincing .and converting them by the divine precepts of the sacred Scriptures, by exhortation and holy life. \- The Church of Rome only appeals to the senses by tbe pomps of its pi-eparations, by elaborate music, by statues of the famous artists, aud paintings of the most renowned paiute'rs. IiiHoly Scriptures there is no mention of iiiiuss, purgatory, indulgences, jubilees, or auricular confession ; and such institutions have no cause to exist, for Christ has immolated Himself for the salvation of man. Y'et for centuries they nourished iu the Church of Rome ; and for what object if It is 'X>')'iufiil to say so, but fit is no longer a mystery to any one that such equipages have had and have no otlier object but to seize property, and to become the .arbiters of the mind and coiiseieuee of individuals. It would be difficult and almost impossible to enter minutely into subtle' disquisitions in a simple letter, l might quote abundance of passages from authors; but I will pass over them, considering it vain pride. It sufficeth me that I have concisely indicated how the Church of Rome has aban doned the principles of the Gospel. Its aberra tions have gone so far, that she has lost tlie cohesion and the power of the principles of a divine religion ; it had to make use of the material force and of the temporal dominion to retain, that of the spirit, as it has availed itself of the latter to support tho former. Hence the continual wars iu which it has been involved ; hence the famous massacre of St. Bartholomew and of the Albigenscs ; hence the hundreds of thousands of victims immolated on the st.akes by the holy Inquisition iu the name of Him who, dying, pardoned his criieificrs. As long as the Roman Church could domiucer by ijolitical cunning, by alliances, by power, the stake and cxcummunicatiqus, she allowed Savo narola, 'Arnaldo da Bnacia and others to iireach. ivJlUn ulla.b (Iv ciliy luOlliUllu HuO COuKl burn their bodies .and scatter tlieir ashes to tbe avinds, without the least cnuimotiou amongst the mob, accustomed to tremble In her jirescnce. Decroaeing iu the cliauge of times even this igiioraut submission" of| the niuititudcs, she saw no, other _meauB of escape but by the, difiusing of iguoraucc. Heiicc a continual fury to extinguish every rising idea of progress, lieuco the insti tution, of the index, iu wmich more than ever is regie tcred or marked the Bible, if not adorned: or expounded iu her own yvay : as if . the Woril of Cod iieeded interpreters toilie understood, or had 'hot. Bullleieut power in itself to enlighten the mind cyeu. of the least intelligent. But something uiorc .was to the liiduen cause of so much unqualified ostracism. A diseased eye en dures with pain the light, aud the owl hides at the rising of the suii. The Roman Church, conscious of not being .able to maintain her doctrines, her rites, and institutions, in comparison witli the precepts of the Bible, has ended by forbidding the reading of it in that langu.age in whicli alone it can be understood by the people .and the multitude. Having brought things to such an extreme, a Christian who is anxious for the salvation of his own soul must decide either to remain "with tlio -;-v- I I Church of Rome against tie Bible and against God, or he with the Bible »nd in the Church of Christ, without the Romaa Church. , In this alternative I could no longer hesitate, and I have turned mind aud heart to the Apostolic Church of Christ which retains vith proper vencratiou the Holy Scriptures, aud in conformity with which, inculcates aud executes in its purity and simplicity the precepts of the Divine Teacher. I believe thus to have fuHUcd my dutj', aud now I take my leave of your Eminence, and of the Roman Church, praying tho Heavenly Father, that as he h.as enlighiened me, he may also enlighten your Emiuence, also the sacred college and clergy to return to the glorious times of the primitive Roman Church. And this special prayer I offer to the Giver of all good that it may please Him to bless and enlighten Pius IX. Oh yes ! let me hope that now that he is laden with years and on the brink of the grave, he may remember the harm he has done to Christ .and to His Church, and that he may return to the arms of the Saviour who is willing to receive him, and may his last words not be lualcdictions and excommunications, but avords of love and peace, calling tho erring, ones to repent and follow Christ, that soon there may be o/ie fold and one shepherd. God <jrant it. Y our Eminence's most humble Servant, Paolo Cavaliekb Gra-ssi. Rome, 21at September, 1873. 