' The best meeting ever held atRandwick' is the general verdict with respect to the late Autumn Meeting of the A.J.C. There were about 15,000 persons present on the first day, including all the quality from the Governor and party and a numerous Victorian contingent. On the first day the pieces de resistance, as the sporting reporters love to term the principal events, were the Champagne Stakes and the Leger. For the former a moderate field of 11 stripped, and His Excellency's colt Kingsborough, by Kingston, was the best of the lot, winning easily. The Governor also ran second with Nea, by Lord of Lynne. Gaslight, by Talk of the Hill, from this colony, was third; The Leger fur nished a sensation in that Mr. Tait's two, Goldsbrough (the Sylvia colt) and Rose d'Amour, ran first and second, no one expecting to see either of them placed. The favourites were the Governor's colt Fitz-Yattendon. by Ynttendon, and Master M'Grath. ' Fitz' ran third, and was very injudiciously ridden. Nine started for this event, the others being Sterling, by Yattendon, Excelsior, by Sun shine, Hybla, by The Barb, Gladstone, by Tarragon, and Sentinel. The Cup day again saw a very fashionable and numerous company at Randwick, and a grand field of 25 horses started for the rich prize. Horatio (4 yrs, 8st. 81b.) and Fugleman (3 yrs, 6st. 91b.) were the favourites at 5 to 1 ; M'Callum Mohr (4 yrs, 7st. 71b.) was next, Golds brough (3 yrs, 7st. 21b.) and Speculation (3 yrs, 6st. 21b.) being at 10 to 1. But Speculation, who had run so well in the Cumberland Stakes and beaten all the cracks, main tained his form and won 'The Cup' from end to end, Dagworth alone being any way near him. Reprieve (5 yrs, 9st. 21b.), Javelin (5 yrs, 9st.), Prophet (5 yrs, 8st. 41b.), never .had a ghost of a show in the race. On the same day Sir Hercules won the Sires' Prodiice Stakes with Kings borough. On the oiff-day, Friday, Fitz-Yattendon won the All-aged Stakes, and in the Autumn Stakes, for three years old and upwards, Goldsbrough beat Speculation easily, each carrying 8st. 31b., the distance being a mile and three quarters. On the fourth day the chief event is the three mile race, and in this Dagworth literally ran away from Fitz- Yattendon, Horatio, and the Rose, having his opponents beaten to a standstill at the distance, and winning in a trot, the time, 5m. 45s., being very good. It is said that 6,000 guineas were offered to Mr. E. K. Cox for Dagworth's sire and refused. Kingsborough got beaten in the Nursery Handicap, giving away lumps of weight, and the crack Victorian steeplechaser, Horizon, was also a victim to weight in the Steeplechase. The racing all through the meeting was very good, particularly in the handicaps, in one of which, the City Handicap, it was thought that four horses had run a dead heat ; the actual winner, it was sup posed by half a length, was Mentor, whom the judge never saw, as he came up close under the box. At the sales of some yearlings held in Sydney during the meeting very good prices were obtained, and racing is certainly in a most flourishing state, the past season having been a very busy one. The season may be said to finish with Randwick, but there are several meetings yet to take place, notably Adelaide, on the 25th, 26th, and 27th. At Bendigo and Melbourne steeplechase meetings are also fixed — at the latter, on the anniversary of the Queen's Birthday. We have forgotten all about cricket and ' Grace 'now, and are intent on football and hunting. There will pro bably be only one Melbourne pack of hounds, under the mastership of Mr. George Watson, who lately purchased Mr. Rowlands' hounds. Mr. Wakley will hunt the Bendigo hounds, as he did last season. Coursing is just beginning, but it seems to hang fire a little, and some ill-feeling has been engendered owing to the Geelong and Ballarat Clubs not joining the 'V.C.C. in the engagement of Mr.\ Warwick. We have dogs enough, however, and if all accounts could be believed, half our Victorian dogs are good enough and well-bred enough to win a Waterloo Cup. We anticipate a great scarcity of hares, except on a few favoured localities, - as they are being killed in great numbers, and are sold in Melbourne, sometimes for half-a-crown a piece. 