THE STORYTELLER CAPTAIN MOREGRAVES'S VISIT. Br N. Walter Swan. (From, the Australasian.) The society of Woolmorcum was mixed. Woolmorcum was neither a town, nor a village, nor a settlement of any sort. It was a district where were seas of plains, where they straggled into uncertain belts, and clustered after a dreary fashion on parts of Dunckfore Creek. Dunekfore Creek did nothing but double over the level land and on the straightgoing riders with its insane meanderings. Green coarse fringe showed its writhings, cut across by cattle tracks, and contrasted tiresomely with the sameness of its banks. Scrubby beards of tussocks rasped their blades in the wind along its twistings, above stag nant water and mud. At elbows of the Dunckfore, where the shelterless clusters stood, some 20 miles apart, squatters built their houses, bred their sheep, and sent gaunt bullocks towards the South , with bales of wool. Dunckfore Creek had many ana-brauches as a cuttle-fish has arms, and the central position of Wool morcum commanded the society around to a radius of from 30 to 40 miles. There j were the M'Allisters, -who loaded back with oatmeal, and had twenty thousand j in the bank—when they boasted of being I the M'Allisters of M'Allister, they usually j became so elated with the boldnesB of the lie that they took ,to whiskey and untidi ness. There was Mr. Hennessay, whose weakness was " bacon and cabbage, sor," : iyho (" by' his sowl") was " an Irish gentlemin, not ashamed of it.5' The Drafiins gafhe parties, the Biggses gave parties, aafd so did the Dunters. The widow Dunfcer had married Joe, the stock rider, and tjhere was nothing more garish under heafren than Joe's buggy, except his necktfies and vests. The Seartons were the leaders of Wool morcuon. society. Wherever Mrs. Sear ton caflled her pasteboard was shuffled to the top of the cardbasket. Where " Mrs. 3J. H. Searton5' was not visible on the surface, it was that she did not deem the p^ace one to be visited. Mrs. Searton gave half-yearly balls, to which squatters and squatters' daughters drove over, proud to sleep on shakedowns to meet the aristocratic circle of Searton-house, to look at the flashings^ of Mrs. Searton's jewellery and on Miss Searton's eyes. Mrs. Searton was a large, sallow woman, whose disposition towards pomposity was m much aided by great stoutuess. It was at J her balls that Mrs. Searton should be seen ^ —when on her formidable bust lay the necklet of opals, burning weirdly below their grey obscurity—when stones of un usual size glittered in her hair—when the curious serpent bracelets that held throb bing jewels had clenched their metallic teeth on her well-rounded arms. Mrs. Searton's maternal uncle was one Major Kidd, who had fought in Indian battles like a fiend, and looted like a burglar. He retired with a handsome fortune and a sabre cut, and the combina tion killed him. Miss Bertley was^ left £300 a year, and what was familiarly known at Woolmorcum as the Searton jewellery. When the ornaments were taken to Flox, of the Strand, for appraise ment before the lady went abroad, that sagacious man advised her to sell them, but Miss Bertley, in accordance with her uncle's wish, wore them at her wedding; and, in accordance with her own, wore them on the less eventful occasions named. It was known in the domestic circle that when Mrs. Searton ate a full supper she started from her sleep with a scream, and ran to the safe at the corner of her bedroom; her weakness on such visionary occasions was "burglars." Sear ton, worthy man, had learned to regard these night alarms with connubial com placency. His jewels were little Bobby -Searton and the soft-eyed Alice. Bobby had a face where the warm sun was richly stored; his companions were the sheep dog " Spanker" and toy spades, and his play-ground the garden bank above the creek where trailers and delicate frondage grew, gathered from the grey hills that lowered away upon the horizon with a misfy frown. Alice, of 18, heard stories of Indian wars from a shrivelled woman who was a puzzle of wrinkles and known as "nurse." She was a bequeathment with the annuity, and carried a rosary and many superstitions with her. The old wreck alone knew the history of the opals and the wild Indian blight of a curse that was upon them. Alice, of 18, would not touch a stone of the soft gleam ing necklet for all its value, whatever that might be. Woolmorcum weather was as mixed as its society. If there was any time when the broad, fatuous face and the fixed stare of the everlasting plains took a change, it was when fierce rains beat upon them and swirled above them—when surges of rain j pelted them and hissed on furiously to wards the mountain. It was then that ■ the water ran down to the coarse vegeta tion upon the lips of the Dunckfore, till j it swept past, white-flecked with foam, , and savagely ate the banks away. The water took a sullen swiftness past the | Searton house that gave yet more dreari ness to the straggling trees, while it frothed up impotently at the plants and creepers lying luxuriantly matted on the | garden bank. 1 One day, when the bubbling water rolled past without a sound but that of the plashing flakes of earth that fell upon it from the treacherous sides, and were hungrily swept on, and swallowed, Mr. Searton sat in the diningroom nodding above a book to the scampering showers coming and going like ghosts in the mist before the hustlings of the wind. Mrs. Searton was clicking Berlin wool toge ther, and looking quietly out upon the plain. After many turnings to the win dow, the lady hazarded a question by affirming that Captain Moregraves would "~""^not come that day. It is quite likely he will," returned sBhabon.^" That vt; if he started before the rtfinbegan." " Well," replied the matron, returning to the tangle of wool upon her lap, " Messrs. Bibbs and Co. are respect able people enough, but tbey ought to know us better than give indiscriminate introductions. Who is Captain More graves V "My dear, he is a captain, and has fought in the Crimea and in India." "You never told me that before. I thought that, like some of your other captain acquaintances," said the lady fri gidly, " he might have been commander of a lighter. But this is a different mat ter, w,e must make some preparation for— what's that ?" Mr. Searton was sitting upright in his chair. He had caught the sound that startled his wife. It was a thin shrill scream, rising and falling irregularly, which he heard; it was the figure of the old nurse hurrying up the garden in a breathless manner that he looked at. " What under heaven is the matter ?" spoke Searton, rushing out into the rain to meet the woman. " Well, nurse J" " Oh, sir—master Bobby." He ran on with a sob towards the bot tom of the garden. Though his fear was wild, he could yet observe three or four of the hut hands running down, too—a saddled horse snappishly cropped the wet grps and twisting impatiently before the rain near some muddied boots and clothes. All the rest was contained by the gnawed banks and the swollen stream. The "hands" were running angularly with the rush of the water, and he ran in that direction, too. Down beyond were the heads of a man and child with yellow hair. The long curls of the latter were swept flaecidly out, and pulled on by the strong creeping water, eager to draw them down, but the bearded face looked as strong and resolute as the father on the bank coald wish to see it. It was gain ing on the bank slowly but perceptibly, no effort being made to cross the stream abruptly. The men ran faster than the fast water, and gained a promonotory in advance of the swimmer, while Searton ran level with the bearded face, unable to utter a word. The face looked quietly to wards the bank once or twice, and the two heads bore bravely in. Big Charley Summers had waded to his chin ofif the promontory at the turn, and the men had wrenched a rail from the fencing above to help the swimmer, if, perchance^ the water was too strong. But the heads of the vigorous man and pale boy kept on their course ; once there was a check at a fierce eddy, once the water hid both for a moment, but they rose again, and the de termined eyes of the stranger fixed upon the trunk of a tree that had toppled into the creek head downwards. Hi« firm hand gripped the stump of a broken bough, and senseless little Bobby Searton was lifted up to safety. It had been a trial of strength, for the man hung by his broad hand, allowing the water to sway and suck him down as he waited for breath. " Don't stop to think of me," said the bearded face, in irregular breathings from the boughs. "Run home with him ; he hasn t swallowed much water, but lose no time." Charley Summers walked - upon the trunk and held out his big fist. He pulled up a muscular man, with pale blue eyes, with a bright yellow beard, with six feet of stature. In an hour Bobby was peacefully sleep ing, hut the household still panted with excitement. The dining-room was lit tered with blankets, and all awry from the unthinking hurry. Mrs. Searton had fainted, wept, and recovered. Searton could not quit himself of his haggard fear. Alice and the old nurse sat quietly beside the dreaming boy in the bedroom. " A card, ma'am," said Emma, the lit tle^ housemaid, her eyes red with tears. " We can see no strangers at such a time as this, Robert," said Mrs. Searton, peevishly. But the danger and agony of an hour ago had elevated Searton. " This is no day to send a stranger from your doors. This, thank God, is a time for thankful ness ; it might have been a season of sorrow." Wet, draggled, and muddy-looking, Captain Moregraves stood upon thethres- j hold. | " What ? You are Captain Moregraves, ! then { How can I thank you, sir ?" said Searton, running forward. "Julia, this ia . tbe gentleman who saved our child; this is Captain Moregraves." ' | The tall man bowed veiy low to the warm welcome of the lady, and he smiled blandly by raising his lips and showing ' his teeth. Who could compare to Captain More graves, who had seen service in India, Who fought in the Punjaub, and sabred ! the Moolraj of Multan by a dexterity of swordship that no man in the regiment could equal—who had stood with 50 men 1 against the rushings of the black devils at the old temple of the Akales for two hours till the relief came, and betweenthew left not a dusky face to watch their entrance —who, with his fellows, madam, picked off the skulkers that hid in the obscurity of the gloomy pillars, when they ran, some of them 10 yards, and carrying as many bullets, before they pitched wildly on the heap of bodies lying round, a shapeless cordon of legs and arms ? Who like Captain Moregraves, who with the six hundred at Balaclava had made the celebrated charge and breathed the breath of hell—the gallant six hundred, madam ? And who like the captain, who had jumped his horse Blue Peter over the garden fence below, and threw off his boots and clothes I in time to catch Bobby Searton when the hollow bank where he stood gave way ? Judge the gallant captain by this, madam and sir of Searton. Four son saved by the dragoon from the same merciless waters that carried the old shepherd down from the ford above, and drove his wi thered body among the branches of the self-same tree where Bobby was saved. You remember hearing it said that the soles of the old man's lace- ups broke the flowing of the water for days together be fore tbey were observed. Judge then, by the saving of Bobby, whether the captain was not such a man as would sabre the black devils, and charge with his dexter ous swordmanship in the historical blun der of Balaclava. Bibbs & Co. had put Mrs. Searton under a vast obligation; they had introduced a stranger to her in all ways most worthy of the society and hos pitality of Searton-house. ***** When I returned from Presserley Sta tion after delivering a mob of cattle, mat ters were as above described. And yet I thought they were still more changed than the description shows, when I saw Alice Searton look at the impassable strong face of the captain, as she sat at dinner, with an unusual reverence in her eyes. I was as good and strong a swimmer as any man in the Woolmorcum district, and I would have given my right arm to have been on the spot to save Bobby—in time to de prive the cold, mysterious-looking man with his glossy beard, of any part, bow ever small, of the hero worship that Alice gave him. He greeted me warmly and respectfully, regarded me attentively for a time, and proceeded with some Tndinp stoiy. I cannot now remember what it waB, but I know there were vulgarisms in his pronounciation, and slight vulgar isms in liis manner, that crept out quite abruptly, and were checked as by an afterthought. But he had a cool assur ance that delighted Mrs. Searton. He walked on the verandah and smoked, he rode out on Blue Peter with Alice, while 1, the overseer, was working savagely among the sheep at the dip, or in the drafting yards. His hostess told him stones of Major Kidd, and put out her jewellery for his inspection ; but since the ring was given him at Mecridjid, he had no hking for gems. " It is a wild story, madam, he said, "and recalls the most painful part of my career." Thus the i captain respectfully but firmly declined ' my narration. One day a veiy natural thought arose j that made me start. What was the cap- ' tain doing at Searton? I heard Mr 1 Searton say that he had no information concerning him from Bibbs & Co., except such as the formal letter of introduction conveyed. I saw that he possessed a | strange fascination for Alice, but I fan cied he made no attempt whatever to pursue the advantage. He was a strong, vigorous man—one of those men who did nothing without a purpose. What did he want] The puzzle became part of my dreams. I had asked him in them, and he had answered me by raising his upper lip and showing his teeth. The dexterous swordsman who had charged at Balaclava, cared neither for shooting nor for any sport the country offered, his only care was for Blue Peter. He had the horse looked to as though he was in training for a race, but this was a good feature in his character, and I impatiently dismissed it. What was he doing at Searton, this man with a purpose ] One idle Thursday in the early spring I strolled round the home fences to see that all was secure for the coming shear ing. I had met Alice Searton wearing a flower which I saw in Moregraves's coat in the morning. She appeared to be in a state of excitement, and the quiet soft eyes danced with a pleasure that I found very bitter to read. I had lain down among the yellow wattles, wearied with my own thoughts, and slept. I cannot say what time. I was there probably an hour and a half, judged by the sun, when I was awakened by voices. At first there j was an exchange of words which I could not hear ; then a pause broken by foot steps, and next the captain questioning— ■ " Do you think he'll do V' \ From the new groom hired a week be- j fore—" He's as fit as fit can be." The captain's voice returned, "Then all j is ready." In answer—" Yes ; I've done my part of it. I say, what a lucky job you saved the kid !" "My luck's in, Tom. It's all right." Voices and footsteps slowly passed on. What could I say to Searton or Alice ? Hothing; but I felt the time was coming when something of importance would de pend upon my watching. " Perhaps," with a feeling of unutterable blankness, " the whole future of Alice Searton." This man could have no other object in staying—this companion of grooms. "Lucky the saving of the kid," "My luck's in"—what was the meaning of it ? And when the tea was over, and the yellow evening sun came slanting in across the garden trees, Alice, and her brother, and Mrs. Searton, and the cap tain walked in the verandah, admiring the flowers and the sunset. The tall man was leading Bobby by the hand and talk ing to him. " Horses ? Oh yes ! All kinds of Arabs there, cream-coloured and sable and white—elephants, too. There are Aladdins there and wonderful lamps, idols and Thugs, treachery and death— treachery and death, Bobby—bodies on the rivers, and vultures always on the wing." (To he concluded in our next.) 