LADIES' LETTER. film rmr own Correspondent. 1 Paris. September 5. The prospect of all political parties gaining the day in 1880 is only eclipsed in interest and happiness by the solemn opening of the sport ing season, -where again brethren can be seen dwelling together in unity. At the several railway termini there reign much animation and picturesqueness, and if the fair sex be in a minority the canine race does not want repre sentatives ; indeed it would seem that dogs of every species, of high and of low degree, whether puppy, whelp, or mongrel, are good for the sporting service. The animals, like their masters, understand their epoch, and both are eager ror the fray; some of the animals, how ever, have a downcast look, feeling that they are at the mercy of inexperienced shots, for whom all is fish that comes into their net, man's faithful friend included. Daring the run by rail, the most noisy and familiar conversation takes place between the dogs and their masters. They understand each other so well, that one is temptsd to believe they belong to the same family, and that no missing link after all sepa rates them. What a concert of voices for ears polite or otherwise; barkings, whistlings, up braidings, imprecations, and apnesls. "Castor" is as disobedient as "Pollux," and "Diane" as unruly as "Acteon." The dinners which take place on the occasion of the opening of the shooting season have a peculiar character, there being no ceremony, and a great deal of gaiety. The ladies do not appear in grand toilette ; their v6ie is effaced by that of the heroes of the day—the "bagmen"—so any display in the way of dress would he a sheer loss. Ivlan for the moment has returned to his primitive natute, when he lived by hunting, his eyes and his ears are only for his kindred Nimrods, and their triumphs, whothor real or romantic, equally please. There arii spots?somen who here also make known their claims, and have their claims allowed ; they are made up in character, so as to follow to the field some warlike lord without inconvenience; their costume is in cloth ; gaiters, high boots, and short jnpons; they have men's collars and steel belt3, the collars and cuffs being of dif ferent colors ; ferryman's hat; a tiny game bag is alung across the back with fowling piece on shoulder ; no wonder they are more dangerous for the disciples of St. Hubert than for part ridges, quails, rabbits, and timid hares, such strong minded sisters are rarely unmarried, and if so, are not long left to pine on the stem. The peculiarity about going to the seaside is this—You leave the city, expecting to enjoy a little blest retirement, and find you are but in the centre of your circle of friends aud acquaintances. There has been really more serious bathing done this season than flirtation, so that ladies have a truly healthful look, and with such a good flow of spirits in addition, quite a change has set in on the part of gentle men in search of wives. They are opposed to candidates who are pale and bony, as indica tive of special rearing, to speedily fall sick, with a tendency to early death ; hence, ladies are renouncing Banting, and are graduating to become robust, without being full, to patronise the dietary of their mothers and grandmothers, rather than ambrosia in the form of sweetmeats, and nectar in the shape of cordials, for lips though rosy must be fed. It seems but as yesterday the fashionable world left Paris in one of its swallow flights, and it is now on the wing back, following the early chills of autumn, and the capital puts forth all her seductions to entice the wandering sheep into the fold; the theatres offer their broadest farce3, their wittiest comedieB, and their most tender melodramas; the restaurants their snuggest cabinets, their most appetising mets; the shops are full of marvels in silks, velvets, cashmeres, and meiinoes, of every shade of blue, brown, and green, and at ridiculously I low prices, for plethoric purses; the new bon nets are not the less ducks because they recall our grandmothers, who wished, sensible women, to have something on their head, palpable to feeling a3 to sight; the booksellers remind us to lay in onr stock of literature now for the winter, as we would onr supply of firewood and screened coal, and the persons who count upon an annual gratuity for serving, neg lecting, or tormenting you, feel as interested in your longevity—till New Year's Day at least—as the Insurance Company with which you have effected a heavy policy, with or with out participation in profits. After all, there is no place like Paris; to feel this truism, pitoh your tent elsewhere for a time, if only to expe rience the delightful sensation of being carried back to Old Virginia. The suppression of the betting offices is really a boon to Parisian society, as the extensive nature of thoir organization, and their propa gandises, were eating upwards through all classes. The hard-working population—waiters, barbers, tradesmen, apprentices, school boys, clerks, and shop assistants, have since some seasons worshipped tho golden calf, being at once the victims as well as the adorers of—to the French—the new idolatry; and people of I easy position were commencing to mix with the crowd, being drawn by the current to try their luck—for once, certain to return to take their revenge ; but saddest of all was the spectacle of women being proprietors of such offices and of foolish sisters treading in the same fatal path as men. The Government has done right to deoree the excision of this cancer, the people directly affected will be most benefited ; " it will mend their morals, never mind the pain." There is another class of dsns that ought to be taken in hand, namely, the hotels of sea side towns. Here the visitor is unmercifully plucked, and has not even, as in rouge et noir, the ghost even of a chanoe on his side, h'ach summer the observation is too well founded that hotel prices have increased, are increasing, and ought to be diminished. A number of fleeced touristH are publicly soliciting the re ceipted bills furnished by the proprietors of the sinning hotels, intending to publish them in the form of a handy book. But travellers, unless officials and the followers of Mr. Mould, never do preserve their hotel bills; they are not agreeable souvenirs, those which recall the quart dike ure de Rabelais. One cannot but throw in imagination an old slipper after the idea for good luck. It resembles the Septennate that so many wish to support without the slightest belief in its durability. Parents have been brought to consider the qaesfc3on of punishment in public schools by the notorious case of pupil-fligellation in a neighboring nation. The rod is not used in French Collegiate Institutions as a rule. It ha3 been fonnd to demoralise the scholar—to fail in its object; for all chastisement which does not go to the heart, which does not con duct to salutary repentance, is injurious and defeats its end. There are two school holidays weekly in this, country—Sunday, and Thursday in part; and this rule is in uniform vigor from Calais to Bayonne. By preventing the pupil's enjoyment of these holidays, by compelling him to write interminable lessons from dictation, or to commit to memory so many lines of Latin, lee., poetry, constitute the general mode of punishment. Under this routine of narrow discipline, without counterweight, the mildest character beoomes soured and sulky, and the germs of indiscipline and hypocrisy take root, for it is a maxim painful to record among the youth of the Universities of Franoe, ''The worst of enemies is our master." The autho rities hesitate to touch this system of discipline —prefer to consider a boy only as a machine to learn a 1-tfcle Latin and less Greek; hence it is not surprising that so many parents, mothers above all, ever quick to detect an alteratipn in the temperament of their boys, prefer to send their sons to be educated outside France, till at least they have accomplished their tender years. What a loss to the catalogue of noble and devoted women is Mme. Bazaine. We believed, on her own statement, that she rowed her husband across the dark and stormy water the evening of his escape, dressed in white, all in white, as delivering angels are supposed to be so clad. "Well, it seems the lady's part was played by a daring young man—one Doineau— half sailor, half militavre. Mme. Bazaine's fantastical account is now unanimously re jected. She holds undoubtedly everything to be fair in war. Then she may bs pardoned, as she loved much. The mo3t romantic history of the evasion will be the account of the trial of the disloyal guardians of the prison, and the influences brought to bear on them to open the doors. It is difficult to blind French authorities with concocted stories, and more so, to expeot the nation to believe them. Another ex-Commander, but of a different kind, is Garibaldi, for whom a Robinson Crusoe life msy have charms, but i3 certainly not produc tive oi practical philosophy. In his book, just published, on the marchings of his celebrated "Thousand Volunteers" in the liberation of Italy, Garibaldi employs the preface to venti late his political views. 0ne oan guess, in advance, what these are respecting the clergy, against whom he was not always so rabid. He harmonised with them at Palermo, and duly attended Mass as Chief of the State. Perhaps next in his contempt is the Government of Italy. In this the Romans, while escaping the rule of the priests, have but fallen under the equally bad administration of the King. It ia_ out of the frying-pan into the fire. Leaving home politics, recommending young Romans to profoundly study them as the one thing needful, Garibaldi proceeds to deal with the evils of society at large; to cure all the ills that political flesh is heir to, and to make the world a paradise. Nothing it seems is required from us but to eat exactly one-half less thau we do, thus the starving half of our race will be fed as good as ourselves. This panacea of short commons will have the merit of being new, the charateristio alone of all similar elixirs, not that the sincerity of the old General is to be questioned, his abstemiousness being on a par with his poverty. It seems so odd that he who could have been all but king, and declined more than vioe- regal recompenses, should have no other money at his bankers than J the 12,000 francs expected to be realised by the subscriptions to his book. There is where he shines, as patriots generally keep an eye fo the main ohance, commencing by feathering their neBii. September i3 the month for anniversaries and pilgrimages in France, and were the I almanac regularly followed, not an hour | could be spared to attend the fete of St. Cloud, which is a correctly conduoted Donnybrook Fair, and that every true Parisian worth his salt is expected to visit and perform his share of tomfoolery, for a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men. Then the di'traclions of St. Cloud have the advantage of neither offending nor favoring any style of politician. They recall the gmd old times, when the " whole duty of man" in France was I to eat, drink, and be merry; when the monarch had no fear for his head being whipped off, nor his subjects being compelled to undergo the same unpleasantness. Revolutionary terrors, monarchical reactions, imperial quietism had | bettor be interred for ever; indeed, a national, not an international league of peace, is very much required, where apostles could practise, not preach toleration—it is the preach- j ing which kills—and so remove one of the | chief evils of French sacial life. Some good natured people not going the length of be lieving in the Millennium did expect that the endemic of pilgrimages, which burst forth like a political campaign last summer, would have effeoted an important change for the better; in this respeot we have but to mourn the hopes that leave us; the pious mania has not com pletely died out, the pilgrimages are being I modestly resumed in numbers, as well as j in appearance; they are fewer, but the de votees have less the air of excursionists and holiday makers; their appearance is business-like, severe,. and ascetic; and there is a disposition] to practice mortification, as second-class carriages are only now patronised,; an alteration that does not at all please such heretical gentlemen as railway directors, who test the progress of practical religion by the weekly receipts of the lines. French ladies, who have, ever a great deal of spare time on their hands, despite their ability to peruse all the novels as they appear, are more_ and more forming Sooieties to provide clothing for the poor'; they either make up the share of materials allotted to them, or present artioles fashioned and completed according to their own ideas; but the fundamental rule is | to work themselves, and so set a good example. Another excellent idea is the volunteer service of many ladies of high rank to teach girls every I kind of fancy work. Other excellent persons afford gratuitous instruction in modern lan guage. Madame de MaoMahon is the moving j spirit in these measures for the amelioration of | her fellow countrywomen. Among other new lady plans, is the opening of a central depot, where ladies can consign their cast-off ward robes to be sold for their account, and so escape the ordinary old clo' dealer. These " rejected dresses," if their state permit, will be repaired and oleaned, dyed if necessary, before being put up for sale. A new purse has appeared, having a watch on one side, and the owner's crest or initials on the other; " time is money," is thus incul cated, and the pickpocket enabled to kill two birds with the one stone. Genebal Gabibaidi. — The Pall Mall Gazette quotes the following letter from Borne, dated August 30, and published in Galignani's Messenger" General Garibaldi has just pub lished a book. Like Casar, he wished to write his commentaries, and his work is an aooount of the famous expedition of the Thousand. I am as yet only acquainted with the volume by long extracts given in the only Italian journal that has yet spoken of it. The book has been published by subscription. The number of patrons was 4,500 at five francs each, and the profits amounted to 12,000 fr. whioh, in vested in Italian Bente, is said to be the sole fortune of the author. The most curious part of the volume is the preface. In it Garibaldi appeals to the young men of Borne, and calls on them to take an interest in politios. 'It is,' he says, 'the I business of all; and the duty of every one is to know whether the bark is being direoted on the rocks or into port.' Solitude and illness ap peared to have soured the mind of the General, and increased, on Borne points, his ex altation to frenzy. ' Now,' he says to the Romans, ' that you are no longer slaves of the clergy, although you are not much better governed, you must throw off entirely that shameful servitude—abjure it, curse it, and destroy it to the last vestige,' The faot may be remembered that when G aribaldl was Dictator he did not aot in conformity with the language he now employs. Not only he did not persecute the clergy, but at Palermo, as Chief of the State, he attended the religious ceremonies. Next to the clergy the special object of his hatred is the Moderate and Conservative Party, in 1860 Count de Oavour informed me of the offers made to Garibaldi after the conquest of the Two Sicilies. They comprised all the honors that the King had at his disposal, a pension of lOO.OOOf. a year for himself, and a marriage por tion of 500,000f. for hi3 daughter—asum equal to that the King's daughters received. The General refused everything. That act of disin terestednesB does not, however, give him the right to cover dangerous doctrines with his name; but the fact must, however, be ad mitted, that if all demagogues were expected to give such examples of abnegation their number would be small, and their notion would not be very formidable. As for the hook itself, to judge from the extracts I have read, it is written in a dithyram,bio style, whioh may diminish, its literary and historical value. TUE Bo.UQUET.—A. M. BICKFORD & Sons have niqeh pleasure in introducing to the public their latest Cordial for the Summer Season. The care that is taken in manufacturing this delicious Drink, together with the purity of its ingredients, warrants them in highly recommending it to the notice of their customers. For family use, nothing can be used in the house with the same satisfactory results for'allay ing the thirst. For invalids the delicate flavor and bouquet entices them to take, it with that relish so much sought for iu cases of sickness. For all who shun alcoholic' compounds this refreshing Sumiper Beverage is brought strongly before their notice, being entirely free of spirits. Sold Retail a# through the Colony. Sou,th Australian Cordial Fac-. tory,—A. M. BiqKfo^D & SQua, Proprietors. 