EASTER MONDAY. The annual holiday of yesterday was cele- brated by many thouaands of people who were favoured by right genial weather Of late years theie has geneially beon some special attraction on Easter Monday, such as a Tolunteer deraonatration but on the present occasion the programme of pub» lie amusements was almost confined to popular fêles and entertainments of that 1 md These m consequence were enoi< mouslj latiomscd The, domonstiation of the United 1 nendly Societies attracted nu mense crowds Hie cabs which conveyed the Tisitors to tho gardens whore tho festivities took ilace formed an uu broken line from the city to tho trysting placo for soveral conseoutivc hours while the line of routo waa covered w ith foot pas sengers The annual Catholic Piomc givon this year in the Warehousemen a Cricket gionnd had also no lack of pattons Stcameis ni tin» bay provided abundant means for manne excursions There were tho Kihno e races for sportsmen and the parks and reseñes with which Mel bourne ia happily BO well aupphod on abled many to spend a pleasant dar m tho open air «In tho evening the places of diamatic entert unment were crowded the sheets of the city wore filled to a late hour by visitors from various parts of the colony and it was apparent that though the programme of aports contained no one particulai item of extraordinary at tractiT encsa Taster Monday was as happily spent by the great moss of holiday makers as any of its predecessors A detailed account of tho days proceedings will lo found bo low - IRIENDLY SOCirTirS IT1T A practical illustration of tho motto which ia BO frequently adopted by friendly societies and so often quoted by their members Union is strength was afforded by theso bodies uniting to hold afeatival on] aster Monday on the grounds set apart for their use A debt of £7o0 Ins been incurred in fencing and othorwiso lnipioving tho on closure and the object waa to laise funda to leduce this liability The Druida for aeon sideration gav e up their right to the uso of the place for the day and the Good lemplars -on condition that no intoxicating liquors should be peinntted lo be sold-gave m their adhesion to the pioiosition winch was car ned out with the nost aatiafactory resulta as at least from 12 000 to V 000 visitors must have jut ni au al pear mee Hie procession which started fiom St Patricks lta.ll shortly aftci 11 o clock waa BOHÍO what moio vvoith seeing than usual owing to the larte number of brothien - and indeed sisters too for tho Good femplareBBPS shall we call thom muatoiod Btiongly-who took part in it considerably above a thouaand displaying themaolvca m regalia of varying gorgeouanoas Tho tom perance people especially made a good ahovr with their brilliant velvet lollara whilst the Druids gave one tho ide i that the chorus at tho opera had dicsscd lather early foi Nonna and carno out lo try tho eflect by daylight One lorry contained tho clowns and other i crformora of Richardson s show and another which waa much a Inured was fitted up by the 1 reo Gaidenera witli over breens flovvcis and fruit lo roi roaont the barden of 1 den 1 igures of Adam and Lvo nnd a Bcrpcnl made the symbolism apparent but it was surely a slight anachronism to have a do/en children in wnito chtstoied in one of the bowers Our first parents had 1 ardly increased and multiplied to that ox tent during their lifo m ParadiBO but it may bo that the independent cultivators have discovered a new vorsion of tho occur, lencos of the period So many new manuaenpta aro brought to light nowadays 1 oui T erv pi etty and appropriate doaigns busked m horticultural products hold aloft by bearers follow ed Dr Had Ion having oflcred prizes for the host two The coi tige which included the Castlomumo and 1 merald lull bands wended its way down Bourke Btreet to its destination and halted at the lrcaaury whero God Save the Queen was played and or arming at the groundB tho friendly aociotiea gave a further exhibition of their loyalty by this timo suiting tho National Anthem Plenty of amusement was provided for tho visitois Music m many of its branches from tho haip to tlie banjo from tho bofcpipes to the accoi dion was tobe heard wherever one strayed and minstrels in garb scarcely so lomaiitie as that of a Blondel or a Manrico poured forth their jovial or sentimoutiil strains with eil iisioii A band of dusl y musicians rejoicing in tho designation of the Alabama Snovvflakes eudently on the lui us a non lucendo principle were foremost amongst tho vocalists ami had an elevated stnto on which they por formed to the delectation of successive crowds Ashuhtly different kind of molodjr was produced by tho Good 1 ampiar choirs who snug soToial odes durinc, tho day Richardson s Show was somewhat of a dia appointment and did not come up to the re collections or narrationa of formet days It ia trao that two clowns, then usuil oom 1 amona a couple of biglicadod i antomimo figures and soveral sturdy limbed tawdrily attired damsels made a completions oxhi bition of themselv es m front of tho booth hut inside the melodrama of ten minutos duration omi odicd far too few episodes of a sensational character No murder no ghost no heirs rightful or wrongful only a broad- sword combat between a mariner of the shiver me timbers tin us ycr marlin spike school and a slavcdrivcr a relativo of I turee who got severely handled but vowed to i av e bia rov enge on tho other by selling lum somo Yankee nutmegs Of course thero was a persecuted maldon-what would a play be without her-who looked as if she could lake care of herself pretty well but evinced tho most unbocommg alacrity to sharo tho fortunes of Poor Jack aforesaid and lastly an old nigger with a tasto not for going into i oetry hut breaking into song at ev cry opportunity 1 ho dimensions of tho Btato would not admit of additional (ii ainafit na soiic If 1 eoplo w ont hero to bo amused in othei parts of tho i addock they wero ablo to divert themselves Dancint, waa much indulged in and the solommty of tho viaogcs no less than the peculiar movements of many of the couples engaged m it was quite vvoithy of study No undcmonstratiT o fclidmg thoro, but real saltation and such an amount of twirling aa mado ono giddy to garo at llien thero were athletic aud High land spoils foi tho moro vigoiously inclined and Punch and Judy for thoso undesirous of more actiyo exertion than a hearty laugh and swings vvhnligigs and all tho usual accompaniments of popular gatherings BeBidos all those a moio utilitaiitm modo of lithtoninc tho poo Jat of superfluous cash was affoided hy a lintcos auction which was undertaken by several well known vviolders of tho hammci in tho city who diapoacd of all sorts of anieles useful ornamental andnondoscupt, m some instances to great adv antaño Sov oral 1 ootha ministored to tho creature comforts of the crowd and everything counocted with (ho affair-in tho piomotion of which Mr J Boyd the president of tho trustoos of tho Tuondly Sociotiea ground was very activo paBsed off most harmoniously Tho amount taken at tho gates m entrance feoB was £771 7B lOd mdopondent of which JUMO was rocevved fiom tho previous ealo of fiOOO tickots so that tho total proceeds urospoo tivc of moneys derived fiom various sources in the encloBiiro reached tho handaomo aum of £1 021 7s lid win h not only wall ex- tinguish the dobt hut loavo a lan,o surplus for futuro íinprovomont of tho grounds. Wo rcfcrot thal wo aro univblo to piblish tho names of tho winners of tho different Biioits A promiBe was mado that thoy would bo supplied to us but it was not fulfilled Tni CATHOLIC PICNIC The Catholic picnic which has been hitherto held in the Botanical reserve, toole place ycBterday in the Warehousemen s Cricket ground St Kilda road The chang» of Tonuo did not appear to havo any matonal effect m reducing the attendance, as fully 5 000 persons Visited tho sports yosterday. In the oarly part of the day thero wore not many on tho ground, but in the afternoon a large number carno across from the Tnendly Societies Gardens It was announced that tho proceeds of tho /¿te were to bo dovoted to the Catholic Orphanage the Magdalen Asy- lum, and tho Hibornian Hall In addition to tho usual programmo of athletic sports plat, forms woro i rovided in various parts of ths ground for thoso enthusiastic individual« who -wore desirous of giving an exhibition o£ i thoir terpBlohoroan povvors and Irish roola and jigs woro tho ordor ol tho day until darkness closed the exhibition. The St» Francis's band was in attendance during the day, and gave several musical selections. Tho following wore the winners of the prin dicap-Tierney 1, Thomas 2. 100 yards sack race-J. R.id 1, F. Batt 2. Handicap flat »ace, 100 yards, 30Q yards, and 440 yards (three wonts)-Jackson 1, Cavenagh 2. 100 yarda three-legged race-M'Grath and Egan 1, Jones and --2. 440 yarda steeplechase -J. Collie (scratch) 1, J. M'Grath (10 yards) 2\. Prize dance, reel and jig-Michael O'Brien 1, E. Tobin 2, Michael Daly 3. THE PARKS. The Royal-park and Acclimatisation So- ciety's Gardens presented most pleasing aspects yesterday, in consequence of their being made into scenes of festivity and enjoy- ment by many thousands of pleasure-seekers. The late rains have so replenished the ground in the park and the gardens, that they are now showing their very best appearance. As sea- son after season proceeds, the Acclimatisa- tion Society's Gardens improve perceptibly, both as regards the zoological collection and the vegetation. The shrubs and young trees, which were planted in the past, are now assuming such fair pro- portions that they divide the gardens into apparently different parts, in each of which the visitor finds some rare collection of animals or birds. There has not been any very material additions made to the zoologi- cal collection during the past few months, but a Tasmanian tiger, or marsupial wolf, a native of Tasmania, which has been added, deserves mention, and is worth the attention of visitors. Some English partridges have also been received by the society. Mr Le Soeuf, the hon. superintendent, intends to breed from the partridges, and see if it is not possible afterwards to acclimatise them in some parts of the colony. Hitherto all attempts to acclimatise those valuable birds have failed, as after they have been turned out they seem to have altogether disappeared. There were about 8,000 or 9,000 visitors to the gardens yesterday. The lion and lioness, the American black bears, the monkeys, and the beautiful collections of birds each now form, as it were, a separate collection, owing to the height which the trees and shrubs have attained, and the result is that there is a surprise for strangers presented at the turn of almost every walk. Whilst mentioning the walks, which are very nicely ornamented with flowers and green borders, it may be stated that the society intend to form a new walk to run by the bottom of the deer pad- docks, and all around the grounds. If they should carry out that intention, they will have one of the prettiest ornamental walks that could possibly be devised, and will add materially to the value of the gar- dens as a place of public amusement and in- struction. The Royal-park, adjoining the gardens, was crowded by Sunday-school chil- dren, there being so many schools assembled in it that, large as it is, scarcely a vacant piece of ground was to be observed any- where. There were at least 12,000 or 15,000 children, besides teachers, brought together. The teachers did all they could for the scholars by providing eatables and sports for them, and it is needless to say that a pleasant day was experienced by both, but especially by the children. There were not many persons in the Stud- ley-park or Survey-paddock yesterday, the summer season being evidently too far ad- vanced to render picnicing a favourite mode of passing the holiday. The Botanical gardens were also only very sparingly pa- tronised. There were a fair number of boating parties on the Yarra yesterday, but not so many as there is usually on Easter Monday, the current being rather too strong just at the present time for amateur rowers. BAY EXCURSIONS. A very large number of persons went down the bay to the various spots for which steamers iverc laid on. The Williams and Murray were loaded with excuisionista for Queenscliff and Schnapper Point respectively. The WarhaAvk and Resoluto were also com- fortably filled, tho former going both to Dromana and Schnapper Point, and the latter to Schnapper Point alone. The Otway, to Geelong, was likewise favoured by excur- sionists, The weather could scarcely have been bettor. Old Sol and -Uolus co-operated most harmoniously, and the water AVOS SO smooth that but a very small proportion of the pleasure-seekers showed that persistent preference for the leeward Bide which is too frequently exhibited on vessels by those who aro unused to the sea. WILLI AMSTOAVN. This place presented a true holiday aspect yesterday. The streets were well lined with visitors fiom the metropolis and the country, mid the Alfred Gravisig Dock caine in for the lion's Bhare of attention. Hundreds of visitors arrived both by the trains and hy the steamboat Gem, and various amusements were indulged in to paBS n pleasant day The abort road, too, appeared to be well patronised, although in its present unfinished condition it is not by any means a pleasant one to travel. The blanch mail atoamor and tho few flhii>s now at tho pier also ro ceived a abare of attention. The principal scene of attraction AVOS the Catholic picnic in the Botanical-gardens. Foot-races, and other athletic sports incidental to gatherings of this kind, formed the chief itera in the programme, and a good band gave forth music for tho votaries of Terpsichore, there being plenty of dancing on the green. Among the races waa a Paterfamilias' Race, in which two yards start was given for every juvenile branch of tho family. The race Avas Avon by Mr. Morgan, with 14 yards start, Mossop being a good second with 12 yards start. The first Avinner received a bag of Hour (which bo made the society a present of), and the second ono a bagof potatoes, Tho 150 Yalda Handi- cap Flat Race AVOS Avon hy Durkin, with Dott close up. The Mile Walking Match was Avon by M'Cann in good style, Crollin boing second. In order that tho visitors might not bo inconveniencod by tho number re- turning to the metropolis, a special train was ' put on at 0 p.m., and this carriod back a great number of people. THE OPERA. MOSE IN EOITTO. Once more in the duo succession of " season" Ave return to tho performance of a musical work tvhich from the first night that it AVOS heard in Melbourne has boen hold in such esteem by the music-loA'ors of this city that its production has always insured a larger attendance at tho Opera-houso than Ima been given to any othor work during the samo period. That this should bo the ease is creditable to the good tasto and discernment of the general audience ; and it ivill always bo noted in favour of the management that iu putting this great vrork of Rossini on their stago they have dono that Avhich tho directors of tho London houses havo thus far failed to do, after many and oft-ropcatod promises. There was a grand attondanco last nicht -1L1U U) t fal I 1U UCL- 1UUI1CU llt_- HIL,!!!} indeed tho largest IA o haAO oicr aeon in the placo sinro the new theatto was devoted to its present uses The inlluonce of tho bob day timo Avas plainly dujcoiniblo in this con ditton of tho house, winch the leader may bo sure AVOS most gratifying to tho management The cast «as the samo aa that to which tho reader has of lato boon accustomed, with these exceptions-namely that bignor Pavas represented the part of Osinle and that of Aulido Aias doubled ivith that of 1 Iisoro by Mr G A Tennson Signoi Dondi as Mose likcan Intellifont aitist as ho is showed the audience that in acquiring a now pait he ha* not stopped short at the beginning but that m his keeping the charactor is dovoloped by study and practico BO that tho first ti nth ful outline is found to bo filling in Avith detail colour light and shado as might bo said of a picture winch premisos to bo a masterpiece uhen fmishoa Signora Tambinnn Coy as Smaide is perfect Sho enjoyed lier usual triumph at tho end of tho third act when the curtain was raised for bor alone to como onco moro before an audionce Avho mado the house ring with plaudits in her fal our bignora Zenoni Gamboa achioved a great success m tbo Aery offoctivo acono allotted to her in tho last act commencing Qualo ornblo aciatruro and tho duet bo til con Anaido and Miriam 'Tutto sorride AVOS never so well done boforo by tho same singors OB it AVOS last night by Signora yenoni Gamboa and Signora Tourneno Signor Coy and Signor Cohva resumed then* accustomed rôles os Pharaoh and Aminofl and thus tho cost was completo The num- bers employed upon the stage the brilliancy of the drosses the ingenuity of the mechani- cal and scenic effeot., all contributed to a most enjoyable performance of a great work. This waa a holiday performance, or we would describe it at greater length; "Mose in Egitto1' will be repeated to- night. _ THE THEATRE ROYAL, The Theatre Royal was crowded in every part by a holiday audience. The attractions offered wero Mr. W. S. Gilbert's fairy comedy, "The Palace of Truth," which is familiar to Melbourne theatre-goers, and tho i ?same author's eccentricity, "The Wedding MaTch." In the comedy the moat noticeable , alteration in the old cast was the substitu- tion of Mr. Dampier (who played Chryaal very heavily) for Mr. Ireland. Miss Stammers represented Mina ; ^Mr. Garner, Zoram ; and ! Mr. Stuart O'Brien, Anstama. The other leading parts were Sustained as on previons occasions. During the representation of the ' last act of "The Palace of Truth," one of tho paper lamps suspended over tho stage was suddenly seen to be in a blaze, and one or two persons in 'the pit foolishly called out " Fire V There was some consternation for , a few seconda among thoae who could not aee tire harmless occurrence that had given rise to the cry, and the performance was interrupted for a abort space while the burn- ing lampavaa disposed of, but no further in- convenience waa occasioned. "The Wed- ding Maroh," which the author calls an eccentricity, is quite deserving of that title, though'it is avery entertaining composition. Tho incidents are of a kind which would lose much of their comic effect in the relation. A Mr. Woodpecker ia about to bo married, but early in the morning of tho day fixed for the ceremony bia horae has unfortunately eaten a leghorn hat, the property of a lady who was flirting with a military gentleman in the park. It is peremptorily demanded that a similar hat shall be supplied, on the ground that the lady has a jealous husband, and that she dare not return home without a substitute for what was a present from him. Woodpecker has reached homo tvhen the demand is made, but ho has no time to spare, as the wedding party, in eight cabs, are upon him. Making some excuse for delay, he seta out in aearch of a hat like the one conaumed, and is accompanied by the wedding party, who, unconacious of the guest, get into the most remarkable entangle- ments in different houses. A highly amusing scene occurs in the house of the Marchioness of Market Harborough, where Woodpeokeris mistaken for a çreat Italian singer, and ia obliged to sustain his reputation by per- forming. Eventually, after many strange adventures, a hat which will do for the lost one ÍB found, and all ends aatisfactorily. "The Wedding March" is a light and attrac- tive composition which is sure to be popular. Miss Carey, Miss Docy Stewart, and Miss Stammers, with Messrs. Greville, John Dunn, and R. Stewart, sustained the leading characters with great spirit, and the audience were kept in the best of humours from first to last. TnE EMERSONS. St. George's Hall was crowded in every part on Monday night. The Emerson troupe cannot fail to continue popular, for their entertainment containa something to please many tosteB. The voices of the troupe blend together most harmoniously in the chorusea to their songs, grave or gay, and several of the80 were most warmly received. The troupe have, in more aensea than one, 8ecured an acquisition in the person of Mr. Harry Kelly, whose clog dance was deservedly applauded. Emerson and Stvt ton's comicalities caused aa much merri- ment as ever, not tho least amusing part of their performances being the evident enjoyment which they themselves take in whatever they may be doing. A travestie m "The Stranger," and a rehearaal of 'Othello" caused ahouts of laughter. Mr. Scott, in the former, came out atrongly as a burlesque tragedian, and shared equally tho approval with which his companions were greeted, and the whole programme con eluded with a burlesque of "II Tiovatore" a long way after the original. THE WAXWORKS. Tho Waxivorks exhibition in Bourko street cast ia always a source of attraction to the visitors from the country that flock into Melbourno at holiday time, and last evening was no exception to the general rule, as the rooms were densely crowded until the time for cloning arrived. Several new figures have been recently added, including thoae of the Tichborne claimant and tho Grand Duchess Mario of Russia. Theso were of course tho great centro of attraction during the evening. iTIIE RAILWAYS. Tho number of persons travelling on tho Government linCB yesterday was much in excess of the icturna for the previous Easter Monday. Tickets wore issued as follows at the Spencer-8troet station yeaterday :-Sand hurat and Echuca lino, 1,158 ; Geelong and Ballarat line, 897 ; North-Eaatern line, 1,101 ; Williamatown line, 1,807. An immenae nura I her of persons travelled by the Mclbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company's linea, but not so many aa on Easter Monday, 1873\. Tickets wero isaued aa followa at the Elizabeth-atroet station yesterday : - St. Kilda line, 4,820 ; Brighton Uno, 7,600 ; Haiv thorn line, 1,100; Sandridge lino (including Williamatoyvn pasaengera), 12,500. SANDHURST. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) Tho fourth annual Easter fair in aid of our local charities was commenced to- day. The unsettled nature of the weather latoly led to the fear that it would continue during the Easter week, but I am glad to say that the weather to-day has been of a delightful de- scription, and in every way calculated to assist, inatead of retard the succeaa of the fair. A fear baa alao been expreased that the fair would not, even with good weather, be a success this year, but this fear, I am elad to say, has already been dis- pelled, as the first day has already been a glorioua aucceaa. The town waa early a8tir this morning, and all morning visitara were arriving from tho country districts. The trains from Melbourne and Echuca brought largo numbers of visitors. At Castlemaine I hear that several hundred peoplo wero left behind, unablo to obtain accommodation in the train to Sandhurst. The proceedings of the day wore commenced, as last year, with a grand procession, which waa fonncdin Market-square, and which was certainly the finest spectaclo of its kind that baa yet been seen in Sandhurst. Every friendly Bociety in tho district took patt in it, and each society was represented almost to a man. Somo idea of its magnitude may bo formed from the fact that nearly 4,000 tickets woro isaued to the peoplo who took part in it. A most interest- ing feature of the procession was tho pre- sence of the lady cricketers, who looked vory pretty in thoir white dresses trimmed with red and blue. The procession was marched through the principal streets and then into thereserve, where themayor, inashortapeech, opened the fair. In doing BO ho said that the fair had been established for two objocts, viz., to stop tho current of population How ing from Sandhurst at holiday times by pro- viding a choap amuaemont, and alao to supplement the funds of the two noble charities, and this he contended they had to a great extent succeeded in doing. The fun of tbo fair was then commonced, the various shows, consisting of Richardson's show, a panorama of Robinson Crusoe, a picture gallery, and a number of others too nume- rous to mention. GEELONG. The weather in Goolong yestorday waa line and bracing. The chango was wel- comed and generally taken advantage of by holiday- makers and family picnic parties. Tho town AVOS apparently desorted, so many availed themselves of the chango afforded by a trip per the road, train, or steamer. The steamer Despatch made two trips to Portar- lington, mid was very faiily patronisod on both occasions. The rail ways yestorday and on the previous days of the holiday weok Avere as much used aa on previous occasions. On Good Friday 723 passengora woro booked at the Geelong station ; on Saturday the niimbor AVOB 800, and yosterday about 1,000, The steamer Otwoy arrived from Melbourne ahortly after 1 o'clock, with a large number of passongors, who had sufficient timo allowed them on Bhoro to pormit of thoir seeing some of the beauties of Goolong, About half-paat 3 she started on her re- turn trip, the excursionists all looking exceedingly comfortable and happy. During the day an interesting match at cricket was played on the Corio ground, between two fifteens chosen from the Geelong Young Men's Association and tho Catholic Young Men's Association respectively. 