? MY LIFE: Being the Personal History and Experiences of Martin Raven. (Written for the " Weekly Examiner.") CHAPTBB VI.—WAS IT A DEEAM ? My Aunt Rebecca remained with Mrs Wingate until the middle of the next day. Tfieywent out in company vith a small; spare man who had occupied a seat in the vehicle which hod brought my aunt to town the previous day, and who had waited until his companion had made -up her mind to remain for the night*. She had sent me < down to hitp with a message to the effect that She would be ready to accompany him in tbe morning, bat felt unequal to the task that evening. The little spare man answered me in a peculiarly soft and insinuating roice " that Miss Raven's wishes were his law,'' and with a smile that seemed to alter the expression of his otherwise sharppinched face, and a sort of grandisonian bow, drove off, and I soon lost eight of him in the maze, of vehicles. About noon they returned: a eioud was upon toy AuntRebccca'sbrow, and a pained, anxious 4icpression on Mrs Wingate'p face. The little man was invited to enter with them, but deolined with the same soft utterance^ the same smile, and a more elaborate bow. When we sat down to dinner there was "a remarkable degree of restraint on all of my relatives, and the meal passed instleae^ Immediately afterwards Miss Rebecca 1 bade her sisters farewell, and wH?h her old " Now, Martin," descended to her chaise. We were soon rint of the roar and smote, the bustle and crowds, (he fog and stench of the mighty mass of brick, and stone, and_mortar, and' were once more inhaling the sharper, clearer, more invigorating air of the suburbs. Then along the high road again, between meadows and arable .fields, past wo„oded hills ajid wayside inns, till the plain old church with its - Heavenpointing spire and the little cluster of bouses around it which bore the name of Woodlands, burst upon our view. Jit t 'e rosy maid welcomed me warmly, had prepared a luscious supper lor us, and could scarcely restrain her curiosity until I had done ample justice w> it, so anxious was she to hear and «now all about that wondrous city winch to her rustic imagination was a veritable El Dorado. When the night was far advanced my. aunt, laughingly told me that I was' to sleep in that ream-haunted room, and bade me very , ™ ui; V t0 lock the door on the inside. to knows but the man may come gain, Martin 1" " Aunty, you may laugh at me, but «n positive I saw him, and do you now he had just the samefunny walk estda^ea,aDthatCamewitb y ou h m y ttunt l t with so sudden W 8 * h e r ^nner that I looked el * n ^^tment., » Did you a Mr Qua? r s between ur y° visitor Id ?ou Wty, became as I e IT [ couldn't see that very well— iS¥fft— him-but he J hurti^ it^ tW * dlPg ° n BOmethin g y aunt. att What can it mean ? He CentalJ about t ~Q°«C Quill, or.the lost ^the infln bo 0 could DOt not baTe * have beeI1 been *a on preconceived d our »> «» sure be conversfttiMi abont the property, but that could hardly have affected him " I My aunt sa,id all this as if unconscious of my presence; and looked at the fire in a dreamy abstracted sort of manner. Then suddenly raising her eyes to me she asked, " Were you thinking anything about Mr Quill when you went to bed that night " No, aunt, Iliad quite forgotten the name. I never thought about Anything that night, but fell asleep directly, and never woke until the daor creaked." ' Very strange, Martin, very strange. Bat now go to bed, you must be tired And I want you to gel np very early in the morning, for I have to go over to Earthatp. You would like to see your oldhome and Dorry opce more, wouldn't you ?" " Oh yes, aunty, I should indeed- Is dear old Dorry at the parsonage son " Yes, the new minister would not have her to leave, and so Dorry will be there to meet you." ' Oh, aunty, how glad I am yon, brought me home with yon. I do love you, you are so good and kind." ' It is much easier to be loved than to be hated," observed my aunt with a smile. " If I have gained your love already, affection must be cheaply purchased. It is strange that Rome people should talcg.such pains to make them, selves.disliked" " Good night, aant." " Good night, Martin; keep a sharp look iout for the little stooping man." IJanjphedj and taking my taper, went rips^rato my little bedroom. I held the liglit abpve my head and looked carefully over the room, then lowered it, and ascertained that there was n&Sody; under mj bed; closed the door and locked it, and undressed. I was not disturbed that night; if any ghostly visitors found entrance to my chamber, they had it to themselves. A slear cold morning, the sun shining brightly on f&e; frozen window panes; a roaring fire in the little parlor, snowy cloth, biight copper kettle singing merrily, fragrant coffee, sweet homemade bread, ana sundry niceties especially, provided by the rnsticmaid for the young master —my aunt smiling and happy, and myself happier still—such was the scene the mornipg after my arrival ait Woodlands. Very cheerfully we chatted, very heartily I, ate, very pleased seeped Auni ^eWca at her nephew's evident enjoyment of bis. quarters. Then, trapped in a good warm cloak, I took my Feat by the side of my kind relative, and we drove away to the foot of that wooded hill whereon stood the grey old castle of the, ruined Tressles. " Who was that horseman we met when you brought me from Eartham, aunt,?" My.aunt's smile faded from her face in an instant "Why do you ask, Martin t" she said. " Because we are near the old castle no w, near Caatte Doubting." " Near what?' asked my aunt with an expression of curiosity in her brown eyes. " Castle Doubting; I think that is just such a place as Giant Despair would have, lived in." " Despair, or at least desperation does live in it, Martin. That young man we met was one of the family of TresBles; a very bad pffshooi from a bad stock. His life has been spent in; dissipation and worse, aijd his father, who hag hut few amiable qualities liimsdf, is in daily.fear lest some. action viler thati his paB£ shiall bring him withiii t^f jgcup ofribc» l^jv.i. gp he-iir^ei^part from the world,' traded only by a solitarif domestid, who knew and served btjDDi in bfetler days;. whUjs bjs eon preys uj&n;^tfcfc remnfcni ofhis property,and BwitHtyes whenhecannotbeg., • •' ' ' 1 " 16 he any relative ofthat wicked old Mr Tressle who hanged himself in 4 Deadman's Lane 7 " "Yes, his grandson. When his grandfather held possession of the castle lie established his name as a bard, grinding,' avaricious man, who would make money in anyway, no matter how evil He seems to have been possessed ^lth the insane idea of restoring the family to its former grandeur, and for that purpose hesitated at nothing that increased his hoards. He jived alone, denying himself all the comforts and even Vhat are considered the necessaries' of life; and as he exacted every ferlhibjj of the rents doe to him, and lent money at usurious interest, he contrived in the course of a Jong life to accumulate a considerable sum. In his old age he became fearful of losing what it had cost him so much to gain ; and so'he withdrew hi* money from the banks, and hoarded it in a secret place in ,the castle. One stormy night when tbe wind shook the turrets of the decaying building—when the rain descending in torrents found its way through the crumbling roof, and the thunder seiemed as if it would shake the windows out of their crazy frames— the castle was entered, the old. man's ill-gotten wealth was stolen from him, ana in frenzy and despair he hanged himself. His only son soon afterwards re-appeated in the neighborhood, from which he had been absent for years, and took possession of the property. There were not wanting hints and stories which pointed to Ralph Tressle as the robber of his father's hoards; but whether there were sufficient grounds to justify popular belief I dare not Bay. However, if Ralph Tressle was as guilty as he is. believed to have been, he is punished terribly by his wicked son." Bythis time we had ascended to a considerable height, and the hill being veiy steep our progress was necessarily slow. At one part of the road a fence shut off a shrnbbBry. from public observation, and; the sound of four wheels and the horses' hoofe wap d tilled by the accumulation of dead leaves, and par? tially melted.snow. My aunt having finished her sketch of the Tressles, became silentand J was too much occupied with my own thoughts to make any remarks. Suddenly the stillness of the winter morning was broken by, the sounds of men's . voices in fierce, altercation. Immediately after a blow—a dull, heavy sounding blow—startled us ; then the. shrubbery vffls hastily ^broken through, anil Edgar Tressle, bareheaded, and with his coat torn, sprang over the fence into the road. He glanced at as for a moment and. then ran down (he hill in the direction . we had come up. The appearance of this man seemed greatly to agitate my aunt,, but we proceeded onwards without taking any further'notice of the occurrence, 1 and before many hours bad elapsed were comfortably ensconced in Eartham Parsonage. I cannot paint Dorry'e greeting. The dear old woman was fairly overcome with joy, and seemed sc&rcely; to know whether to ciy or to laagh. I was wonderfully improved, she said ; had grown and looked- the very- image of my mother. Then she had to communicate an immense amount of information: to my aunt, who chatted away cheerfully as was her wont, until a substantial repast was placed before UB. The new minister was absent, and - we < had < th parsonage to ourselves. When weha& : visited the.old. churchyard and:, looked upoa-i'the, grave which held theaabesof myybeloved parents, we retailed ,to! the house, and>myflunt and DsoOTf put on their cloaks and, went *>nt .for A,ishort time.- Thiylwereconviersing.yeiyieaEnestlyi when Ahey went and when. thBy retuxned, bnt:they k^pt -the : 8nbje6t of th*ircpnveraation.ftseict>etfcomm It *u late when we retired fot the night. I was shown into the liedroom formerly occupied by my parents - the room in which my mother's corpse had lain before that soft summer day when it was boroe to .Eartham churchyard. I was not tired—memory was busy with the past scenes in that.sequestered spot —my father, my mother—that last visit to the tomb when she knelt down and prayed for her son I seemed tp stand by her side once more—to hear her murmur her supplication for me again—to hear the foots'eps of those who carried her in,.and the trampling of those who filled tbe house on the day of the funeral Hour after hour passed. A timepiece struck two o'clock. T turned restlessly in my soft IHXUMOH? bed. Was it fkncy, or did the door creak 1 I had not fastened it; perhaps Dorry had not. I listened inteuily.r A draught of cold air moved the bedcurtain and swept across my. face. • Sfiil I never stirred, but remained listening with every nerve stilled, nntfl I could almost hear the beating of my heart. X strained my eyes in the darkness, endeavoring to discern tbe various objects in the bedroom. As I gazed towardsthe foot of my bed, I thought I saw a darker shadow moving stealthily along past the two windows, through which the feeble light of tbe stars shone watery, I watched with the same mixture of Apprehension and curiosity that I had experienced at Woodlands. My senses, sharpened by my terror, lost neither sound nor sight. The shadowy form passed into the dense darkness of the corner—then there was a slight click as if a lock or spring .was opened or. touched—then a shuffling or rustling sound followed. I raised myself np and. peered into the corner, but it was - too dark to discern anything Presently the click was repeated, and across the two windows passed the-shadowy form, as stealthily, silently, ghostlike as it had gone before 1 What could it mean ? What should I do? It is astonishing how rapidly ye take ill at a glance the whole position in ?ucb an emergency. If I. was not thoroughly awake-if.it was a dream — T should expose myself to the derision - of my aunt and the household by alarm, ing them. If it was not a dream—if that stealthily moving shadow had a substance, and my room had really been entered by, some one for nefarious purposes—then before I could arouse the Bleeping inmates the interloper would escape, or in desperation at his or her discovery wreak vengeance on me. Only for a minute did I balance these considerations in my mind, and then I sprang from my bed resolved to run all hazards in the endeato solt-e the mystery. I ran to the door of my bedroom, and found it ajar. I threw it open and stepped into the landing—as I did so the cold: night air swept up the staircase so, strongly that 1 was convinced that either the front or back door was oppned. I ran to the door of my aunt's bedroom and knocking loudly, bade her arise immediately. CHAPTEB VII.—INVESTIGATIONS. " What can be wrong; what has alarmed yon ? bless the boy why are you shivering here at this hoar in the night or rather morning?" My aunt never paused for a reply, but e having hastily thrown her garments arojqhd her, stood at the door of ber bedroom, light in hand, staring at her nephew. , " OH aunt he was in my room again; cldfi't ihink I waB dreaming this time." | • Martin, you are certainly possessed; why child, yoa are as pale as a ghost andtreinhle like aspen," Aunt, he came into my room, I tell felt the cold wind [blowing at th'e'opfen door, and when I jumped out of J»fl and came npon the landing the . blew quite strong up the staircase \- look if the front door «> nt qm • jy this toe, Doit, who M . Jened by my violent knocku,g^my tunfs-door, came running with ac^dj tu ber hand to S« wtat was the My aunt briefly told her, and foe j«feg 5 her communication on Dorry = W»s strikinglyobservalile. Her rosy cheeks noritively blanched—her hand shook so K y "that she almost dropped the ^Dorrv, vou seem as much frightened is Martin. Really X don't know what "ido 'vith such silly creatures. Take^ to downstairs and make a fire-the boy Si catch cold—to stand shivering here J, this draught is enough to kill him. Dorry went into my room seized my clothes and a blanket and humed me downstairs to the parlor. In a few minutes she had kindled a good fire, and my aunt having followed us warned a little elderberry wine, which she insisted on mT swallowing to counteract the effects of the cold. Then when my blood began to flow a little more freely in my veins, she desired me to detail the occurrences of the niclit. I "beyed.and having minutely related all that had passed, again requested her to look at the front and back doors. _ • Wait here a moment she said « Dorry, come with me ; you know how jou left the fastenings." They went, and in another minute I heard the exclamation from Dorry " Oh Lord !" Then the front door was closed, and the lock turned, after which there was a jangling of chains, and they returned, Dorry looking whiter than before. . " " What does it mean, Miss Raven, oh what does it mean ?" "It is most extraordinary," replied my aunt, " most extraordinary, but are you quite certain that you locked the door ?" _ " Yes, Miss Raven, positive. I do it as a matter of course; I always have locked that door before going to bed, for twenty years past, and should no more think of sleeping without looking at it than I should of trying to fly." "Well, if you are certain that the house has been entered, the next question is for what purpose? The other door seems to be all right, and we have not missed anything from this room, the door being open all the time. Was there anything of value in Martin's chamber ?" " No, f don't think there was anything likely to tempt anybody there." " Well, we must wait until daylight and examine his bedroom. There must be a reason for the entry. In future you had better always have a man servant to sleep upon the premises when the rector is absent." We waited impatiently for the daybreak, and when it came proceeded at once to the room I had occupied. Strait to the corner went my aunt, and most intently did she scrutinize it. A smile broke over her face as after a most careful examination no trace of lock or spring, door or slide, or any aperture was apparent. " I think we have been frightening ourselves at our own imaginings. The door being open is certainly inexplicable, but it is just possible there may be some cause for that besides the one we imagine." But, however, my aunt might try to dissipate the alarming impression from my mind, I was as firmly convinced that the house had been entered and something abstracted from my room as I was o? my existence. My earnest assurance that I could not have been under any delusion had the effect of inducing my aunt to pay a visit to the nearest town and to detail the occurrence to the Superintendent ot Police. He listened attentively, and having put several questions to me which I answered in a manner which seemed to afford him satisfaction, called in a policeman and directed him to go for Dole." " I must trouble you to wait a few minutes, Madam, until Dole comes. He will get at the bottom of the mystery if «ny one can," said the Superintendent. We accordingly waited the arrival of Mr Dole, who came in about twenty minutes. A very singular man was Dole. I should have taken hitn. for a curate or a very underpaid clergyman. He wore a threadbare suit of black, with a white neck cloth. His face was long and pale, and his brow wrinkled. His eyes vrere sunken and of a dull grey color. He seemed utterly incapable of animation—spoke slowly,,, softly, and very seldom, and ||MSer smiled. H© lwtened : to thet^eJnuit of the Superintendent with r rhis .jsyes bent ort the floor, merely nbdding now and then, jbut /never asking aquestion or uttering a remark. When the policeofficer had finished he turned to my aunt, and looking up for the first time,, said ;"You .say |the boy heard a 'rustling noise as if paper, or something like it, -was moved?" ' Yes," replied Miss Raven. ' Have you any reason for supposing that any one could lie interested in obtaining any paper from the parsonage?" My aunt waBsilentfor several minutes. At length she replied witli some hesitation "IMo not think that any one is interested "in obtaining any document from the parsonage. On the contrary we—that is, my sisters and myself—are very anxious to obtain possession of one that ought to he there, but is not." " Are you quite sure that it was not there previous to the entry or supposed entry of the house ? " " Oh! yes. All the papers of; my late brother were deposited with his legal adviser, and it was only after his death that amostimportantdocument was found to be wanting. Every search was made for it—every corner and cl set ransacked—but it was not be found." " 1 will accompany you to Easham, madame, by your permission," and Mr Dole rose up, put on a yerj shabby hat, and we filed out of the office. As soon as we arrived at the parsonage Mr Dole ascended the staircase, and with me at his side entered my bedroom. " Now, my little man, in which corner did you hear the click ? " I pointed it out. Mr Dole went slowly up to it, and scrutinized the wainscot. Then he tapped the wall with his knuckles and applied his ear to every portion of it as he rapped. This done he patted me on the head, told me I was a fine little fellow, and went downstairs again. He carefully examined the lock, inquired if the chain was usually fastened, and on being answered in the negative quietly withdrew,with the promise to return before the day closed. About four o'clock he re-appeared, bringing with him a blacksmith; and asked my aunt if she had any objection to the panel of my room being pierced. Miss Raven hesitated, as the occupier of the parsonage was absent, but on Dorry declaring her willingness to bear any blame that her master might attach to the action, she consented, and the two men went up accordingly. The blacksmith bored a hole in the oaken panel, and inserted a keyhole saw, with which he quickly removed a piece sufficiently large to admit his arm. He thrust it in, felt all round, and just as his band touched the frame, exclaimed " There is something here, sir." Mr Dole's impassible face brightened. What is the something ?" he asked. " A lock or spring, sir." ' " Ah ! well now, all we have to ascertain is where is the communication. There is nothing perceptible at the outside, but if you can press back the lock or bolt and open the panel, we may be able to find it." For a few minutes the lock or spring resisted the mechanic's efforts ; then suddenly, while we all looked on with breathless curiosity, the panel suddenly flew open, disclosing a recess in the wall evidently designed as a secret and safe depositary for valuables. Mr Dole's countenance expressed satisfaction, and turning to my aunt he remarked, "I think we can understand the reason for this nocturnal visitation. The party who entered the house knew the value of the lost document, and was better acquainted with the premises than you were. The best course for you to adopt is to endeavor to ascertain who is interested in keeping or getting possession of it, knd that would be a clue to the discovery of the thief." My aunt looked so strangely unlike herself while Mr Dole was speaking that T felt quite uneasy, and Dorothy's face wore an anxious expression. Mr Dole then took his leave, my aunt promising to communicate with him at an early date. As soon as he had departed, my aunt turned to Dorry and with a gesture of impatience said, " It is most unaccountable that you. should have been in this house so many years, and yet not be aware of the existence of this hiding place." , js-, Dorry looked disconcerted^ and, v^th her eyes bent upon the fiber,^bgpd her forehead thoughtfully.: • Sifter^ a few minutes' silence, Dorry:*po|e very deliberately: " There's mWe m $bjis than I care about telling tft.-ipresfent, Miss; I must see some one-i'jknow of, and talk this matter over. If anything comes of it, I'll send to you directly or else to Mr Quill." « Whatever you- may ascertain, Dorry, let me know, and not Mr Quill. I have particular reasons for desiring that this occurrence should be kept from his knowledge." " Yery well, Miss; you may. depend upon my finding out all I can, and I'll take care to obey you." After this, no further reference was made to the subject, and about noon the next day we were once more at Woodlands. (To be Continued.) 