MISCELLANEOUS. A female correspondent, writing to the Melbourne Argus on " Slavery in Victoria," says:—" A poor woman who makes shirts for one of the warehouses in Flinders lane has just shown me the work for which she receives &L; It is a full-sized man's shirt, and out of the 5d she has to pay for thread, whichcoste fd, so that positively all she gets is^4f% Now I am very quick at the sewing mlchine myself, and I am positive that I could not make more than two of these skirts were I sitting close at it from 9 in the morning till 10 at night. So that at that rate all that a woman can make at this sort of work is 4s 3d a week; and yet we are paying our cooks £40, our house maids £30 a year, with board and lodging. When will our young women come to their senses—or rather when will the mothers come to their senses ? For as to girls who have already committed themselves to this slavery, their constitutions are generally so enfeebled that they are unfit for domestic service. Which is best—to see their child starve on 4s 5d a week over a sewing machine, or to be a domestic in a respect able family; to see her health steadily undermined by her occupation, or to see her grow up a strong, healthy woman ?" " The fastest steamer in the world." Such is the title claimed by her builders—Messrs. Thomycroft, Chiswiek—for a boot they have just built to order of the Government of India for service in the Orissa CanaL The dimensions of this extraordinary little -vessel are:—Length, 87 feet; beam, 12 feet; draught of water, 3 feet 9 inches. The speed contracted for was 20 statute miles per hour. The hull, the working parts of the engines, and the propeller (Thornycroft's patent) are of Bessemer steel, and the woodwork of teak. The official trial of the boat was made under the inspection of- Colonel Haigf, R.E., Chief Engineer of the Bengal Irrigation Works, and the results were:—With tide, 25*08 miles per hour; against tide, 2415; giving a mean speed of 24*61 miles per hour. In another official trial it was shown that the boat could keep up a speed of 32 miles per hour without losing steam. These speeds are extraordinary enough in themselves, but when it is considered that they are attained by a boat only 87 feet long, thej become absolutely wonderful, and far beyond any thing ever before accomplished. The value of swift steam launches as torpedo-boats is acknowledged, and already various foreign Governments- have ordered boats from Messrs. Thornycroft's yard. A Maecesfield correspondent to the' Southern Argus reports that Mr. J. O'Connor has discovered some splendid marble on his property, which is stated by most competent judges to be the finest sample of stone in South Australia. One block is calculated to weigh about seven tons. A man who is employed on the Middle ton tramway missed his footing and was struck with a loaded ballast truck, the wheel passing over his foot, fortunately his strong boot protected him from serious injury. A, party, ate now being busy surveying the eastern ^portion of the flundred qf. Tatiara, and" it is expected there will be keen competition for the land. The WUeannia Times is informed that Messrs. Cudmore and Budge have purchased 450 pure bred cows from Sir. E. M. liagot, i of South Australia, for their Cooyea Station, j Mr. J. I/. Dow, the agricultural reporter to the Melbourne Leader, who has been sent on a special visit to write upcyi the agricultural practice and resources of this colony, has proceeded northward to inspect the areas. He goes by way of Kapunda, Kooringa, Mount Remarkable, and back by Jamestown, Georgetown, Kadina, &c.;, to Adelaide^ when he will proceed overland to Victoria by the Mount Gambier district. Mr. Dow has letters from the Surveyor General and Mr. Ooates (in his official capa city of Secretary to the Royal Agricultural Society) commending him to the attention of gentlemen throughout the colony, by whose aid we have no doubt Mr. Dow will be enabled to make a satisfactory inspec tion, and put before our Victorian neigh bors a correct report. A curious magisterial decision is reported to have been given in Gipps Land. The Bairnsdale correspondent of the Gipps Land Mercury writes:—"Considerable excite ment was caused here at the last sitting of the police court when the case of(abusive, threatening, and insulting language' be tween Smallman and Morgan came on for hearing. Four of bur local justices sat upofr it, and after two hours they hatched the most extraordinary decision I ever heard of in the colony of Victoria; they fined a man 1%' and 27s 6d costs for saying to another, 'I shall stick to you like a brick said expression was made use of in the private parlor of an hotel on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Morgan refused to pay the fine, and went to ^aol, but was immediately released by his friends. The case is not likely to end here, as Mr. Morgan starts at once for Melbourne for the express purpose of consulting counsel as to the desirability of commencing an action for false imprison ment, and also to lay the facts before the law officers of the Crown." An atrocious act of cruelty was perpe trated, says the Courier, a few days ago by a resident of Wendouree parade. Accord ing to our informant, who resides in the same locality, a wandering goat got into the garden of an individual who scarcely de serves the name of man, as he deliberately went into his house, heated a poker red hot, and afterwards capturing the unfortunate go at, thrust the red hot poker down its throat. The animal has been since wasting away, until now it is only the shadow of its former self. A young lad, who has been working as a painter in Austruther for the last 12 months has, by the death of a distant relative, come into possession of property to the value of nearly £100,000. Another ghost story, and this one from the waters of Port Jackson. It appears that a few nights ago a boat was employed to take a quantity of new mattresses to one of the vessels in the stream, and while on the journey one of them fell into the water, and not being noticed at the time remained floating about. Some time afterwards a second boat was engaged to take an officer to his ship in Farm Cove, the only occu f ants being the passenger and boatman, t was going along quietly; and when some distance from the shore the boat sud denly ceased to make headway, and on the boatman turning round to see the cause, the white ends of the lost mattress showed above the head of the boat, as if rising out of the water; and without a: moment's thought pr signal to his passenger, the man took to the water and made for the land as fast as he could. The passenger, thinking, no doubt, that something very dreadful was going to happen, followed suit and also made for the land as fast as ever man could swim. The deserted boat was afterwards picked up with the mattress at its head, much to the amusement of those who were aware of the cause that led to its abandon ment.—Town and Country. The Oamaru correspondent of the Brace Herald writes:—" A variety of oat, some what new to this province, has been grown by one or two farmers in this district, and, under ordinary circumstances, nearly 100 bushels per acre have been obtained. It is called the Norway oat, and was first grown in the colonies in Victoria, when it proved very prolific, and, I believe, exempt from the attacks of caterpillar. The oat is of a black color, but without the characteristic of the ' wild oat.' The great clock in the British House of Parliament has been stopped for cleaning on account of having lost a second in one month. The average variation of the clock does not amount to a quarter of a second in the year. Sixty immigrant ships sailed from the United Kingdom for New Zealand between Februaiy 1, 1873, and Februaiy 25,1874. The three quickest passages were made by the James N. Fleming in 78 days, by the Scimitar in 70 days, and by the Mongol in 51 days. A fatal accident occurred on the Echunga old diggings on Wednesday, September 16. A young man, William O'Brian, in the employ of Mr. Hough, was engaged in re moving the stampers from the National Company's crashing machinery, and, in company with another man, was driving horses with a loaded dray from the works through the diggings to the road, there to be reloaded into a waggon, when O'Brian must have tripped over a root or a grass tussock, for failing, a wheel of the dray passed over his body, arms, and head, crushing1 the latter, and scattering his brains over the ground in a frightful man ner. Death must have been instantaneous. It was thought unnecessary to hold an in- \ quest, as the sad occurrence was proved to be purely accidental.—Advertiser. Mr. Delaney, editor of the Hawkesbury < Times, was knocked down and robbed by two ruffians.. - One of the men struck Mr. Delaney a violent blow on the side of the head, and as his lay on the side walk put his hand in his pocket, and took out money to the amosnt of £5, and a gold-pencil case and penholder. Information was given to the police, with a description of the pencil case, which may be the means of detecting the miscreants. Only recently (says the Rockhampton Bulletin) we were straining eveiy nerve to send the necessaries of life to the starving diggers on the Palmer; and already—so magical is the effect of the " golden web" —we have the boon returned. However, the explanation is this:—Some months ago, three of our most enterprising business firms forwarded 15 tons of flour to Cook-1 town, for transit to the Palmer goldfield; and recently it was brought back to Rock hampton by the Violet, notwithstanding that large quantities of flour and other commodities are being sent to the North by every steamer, and not unfrequently by sail ing vessels. The solution offered by Mr. T. Dwyer, master of the ketch, is this That teams could not be procured, though £130 per ton was being offered for carriage. He states, also, that flour is very scarce on the Palmer—indeed, unprocurable. The price a month ago was 23 Gd per lb, and now, if it could be had, it would probably fetch 3s 6d. The scarcity of teams is, no doubt, a result of the late rash from the North, and some time will elapse before confidence in the stability of the goldfield can be restored. Meanwhile, it is sad to see food brought away from a district where it is so much wanted. As J. Buck, aged 18, the son of Mr. J. W. Duck, was on Saturday, September 12, wheeling stufi underground on a plank across the mouth of an old shaft the barrow twisted, it is supposed, over a stone, and the lad, who was out of breath, fell a distance from the 20 to the 30 fathom level. Hol land, a miner, and the youth's brother were working where he fell, and had just lit a fuse to blast some rock. The man happened to look up and saw the youth tumbling from a ledge on which he had fallen first, and Holland held up his hands, so easing the youth's fall and preventing him being precipitated to a greater depth. The medical attendant reports that no bones are broken, also that there are no serious internal inju ries. He therefore thinks that the patient will soon recover. If the lad had fallen a few seconds later than he did he would probably have been blown to pieces, as all preparations had been made for. blasting in the level where he landed.—Register. We are informed that the total export of potatoes up to date has reached over 6,000 tons. The stocks still awaiting shipment will bring the total to something over 7,000. The home and inland consumption could not have been less than 2,000 tons, and no less than 1,000 tons will be used up for seed. Taking these figures as correct, and allowing for waste, the actual yield last season was very close to the estimate—10 tons to the acre for 1,200 acres. It is esti mated that the monetary results of the crop were close upon £30,000—a sum that must have made a very material improve ment in many banking accounts here. We are led to believe that the area that will be devoted to potatoes this, year will be 3,000 acres at least. Should the yield turn out as satisfactory as last year, and prices remain good, money and labor will be abundant here. Potato-growing is the best hit yet made by our farmers. It beat sheepfarm ing last year. 