GENERAL NEWS. A mas at Ararat, who baa been sent to the asylum, declares himself to be the murderer of Margaret Graham, at Dayletford. The Ovens Advertiser is cutltyof the follow- ing atrocity : — Why did Grace make such a poor-score ? Because he wia troubled with a Boyle and they put Cnasfeck on. Acoordiog to the Bendigo Advertiser t the Free Library and Reading Room at Castle-, sztaine bad been thrown open to the public' on Sundays. It is understood that Mr. Ogier, barriater- at-law, who basfor a long time past held the Crown briefs at the SaJe circuit court, will be appointed a police magistrate in the place of the late Mr. Arthur Drury. There appears to be a quantity of tobacco coming across the Border. The Tags Courier reports that on Tuesday, the Gib inst, a carrier named Clifton passed through Yass, en route for the Border, with a load of four tons of tobacco. This formed a portion of an order for fifteen toot of tobacco of Messrs. Cameron's manufacture. The O. and df. Advertiser states that one of the mnet notorious men in the district, Thomas Gidley, who is now undergoing a . sentence in Pentridge for perjury, displays his determination and tenacity of money to the last. He refuses to pay some of his jnat debts, although he is worth some £10.000 or £15.000. and, accordingly, an order is to be sought to sequestrate his estate. Punkahs for cooling the atmosphere are coming into use into Adelaide. At tit. Luke's Chui%h on Sunday last three separate sets of punkahs were used, and a deliriously cool state of the atmosphere was produced. Three boys were employed in swaying the apparatus ; but it is believed improved arrangements will enable one youth to work the whole series of fans. The Warrnambool Standard says : — The amount of shares in the Warrnambool Woollen Mill Company now subscribed for is £7,000, and promises for about £1,000 more have been given. The lowest amount with which the Directors thick it feasible to start with is £9,712, and it is hoped that the £1,712 still required will be subscribed locally without delay. After the striking success of the Geelong Company, there should be little difficulty in getting shares taken up to a much larger amount than this. The survey of the railway line from Ararat to Stawell has been completed, and tenders will be called for the construction of the line in due course of time. The survey of the Gipps Land line is being rapidly progressed with, and is expected to be finished in about six weeks or two months. The surveyors will next week proceed with the survey of the line from Geelong to Colac. We (Herald) learn that steps are being taken to immediately give the benefit of the Police Bill, which came into operation on the 1st of January, to members of the force who are entitled to be benefitted by the measure. Fifty or sixty members of the constabulary have been recently summoned to the Rich- mood dep&t; for the purpose of undergoing medical examination, and their claims to receive the benefits of the bill beiog enquired into. The Wimmera correspondent of the Plea sant Creek JFeios writes : — The Wimmera and Richardson districts are fast becoming the grauaries for wheat in Victoria. The Germans at Manna Gully are showing what may be done both in growing aod harvesting wheat. On a farm there, on one occasion, twenty scree were stripped daring the working day, and the average yield waa thirty -eight bushels per acre ; of course, ten horses had to be used alternately. The Age says — A statement bas been made by a contemporary that the Chief Secretary wonld in all probability shortly retire from office, as he waa about to leave for England. Mr. Casey was to succeed Mr. Francis, and Sir James M'Calioch was to take the Lands. There is not the slightest modicum of truth in the whole of the assertion. Mr. Francis has no intention of going to England, or of retiring from office, Mr. Casey is not antici pating the Chief Secretaryship falling to his lot, nor is Sir James M'Culloch at all likely to succeed Mr. Casey. Ad influential deputation, which included amongst it several members of both Honses of Parliament, had an interview with the Commissioner of Railways the other day, and urged the claims of the residents of the Upper Yarra district to railway communication with the metropolis. Mr. Gillies promised that so soon as the officers engaged in surveying the lines already authorised by Parliament have completed their present labours, & survey shall be made of a line from Melbourne to Heidelberg, and on through Liilydale to HealesviJJe. He would not, however, say whether the proposed lioe would form part of the next railway scheme or not, as it was a matter requiring mature consideration. The Statoell Chronicle says it will not be tFanegressiug j inrualistic etiquette if we endeavour to explain the "dock's eggs " so repeatedly scored by the A.EE. in the matches at Staweli and WarrnambooL It is a notorious fact that ill-will exists between the Englishmen for various reasons — Firstly, the professionals felt aggrieved through being at Melbourne and Ballarat accommodated in hotels eupsKwed to be inferior to those as signed to the gentlemen players. It is also stated tbat it was not until their arrival in the colony tbat the professionals became aware that the whole trip is a speculation on I the part of Mr. W. G. Grace. Therefore, the professionals grumble at the large profits pocketed by the captain, and the smouldering dissatiafatfon is reported to bare broken out into a hot dispute at Ararat on the journey from Staweli to WarrnambooL The refusal of Mr. W. G. Grace to let the AE.E. attend the projected banqaet in Warrnambool will not heal the evident breach. It wonld be injudicious to go on as at present with some of the Eleven openly scoring as little as pos sible, but it is difficult to guess at the means that might heal the rupture between our in teresting bat this time disappointing visitors. On Friday last, Bays the Bairnidale Courier , two of Mr. Pearson's bods — one about Btxteen years old, and tbe other about eleven — went into the wsterhole in Mr. John son's paddock at Lncknow, adjoining that owned by Mr. Howitt, for tbe panose <>f fetching out a couple of ducks which they had just succeeded in " winging." And as tbe two boys arrived almost within reach of the birds, tbe youngest of them up to his armpits in tbe water, a piercing cry waa heard from the elder boy, and tbe younger, on looking towards his brother, saw a large snake between them, swimming towards him, apparently with tbe intention of disputing with him the right to the dock joet then dropped. However, it appears that his snakesbip was not to have it all his own way, for jost as he got within a yard of tbe little boy, a liver-colonred spaniel, the favourite of tbe family, sprang into the water, seized the reptile, and ewam quietly to tbe bank with it in his month ; and although the anake bit the faithful animal in several places, he wonld not drop his harden no til the hoyn were ont of reach ; and when he eaw they were safe and ontof danger be went np to the lade and exhibited by hie playfulness the joy be felt at having been of some Bervioe to them. The dog was treated for soake-bite by every available means, bathe died on Sunday morn ing last deeply regretted. Tbe country in the neighbourhood of Apollo Bay is likely soon to be opened op to Selec tors. Tbe Colac Herald states that as the survey parties have retnrned from the coast, some definite data are obtainable as to the resources that may be utilised by the new track to Apollo Bay. The distance laid ont is about forty-one. miles, ten from Colac to tbe mill, and twenty-one from thence to the sea. The country passed through is dense scrub, dotted throughout with splendid lim ber. Bluegutu trees with a straight clean barrel of 160 feet are to be met with, and the lightwood and other ornamental woods are stated to be beyond comparison. The land is rich near the coast, ana easily cleared, the cost per acre being set down -at the nominal figure o£ from £2 to £4. The clearing of the new track will open op several thousand acres of agricultural land, upon which only one or two selections hare been xnadc. C&e; for rite road down, which .hitherto was each a terror to those who hare been obliged to travel upon it, anoxpesditore of £500 will enable drays to go wherenow horses can hardly make their way. Xbe country is rough and broken, but there is not s single creek or permanent watercourse to be tra versed in th- entire distance. The Herald rays— Three, or four lines of a paragraph obscurely thrust ..among tbe Eng lish news, informs the world Abet John C. Heenan fat one lime the talk of tbe day wherever EnelUfais epokeu) haa.fbUowed Ills old antagonist, Sayere, to 'th«t bourne from whence on traveller returns." Hpme twelve years aeo the deceased pugilist wajiaySritable lion. Hi'JHis' «rivj.in Belaud to gmnjinrf the life oat of Tom SUyers — if b fmmease sensation. He was interviewed hy ill Tlnr—i from braiewa was as carefully tooled in liis training « the first favourite for.the Derby. When the so- called "international contest" eventually came off at Farabnroagh it was atteuded by men who wereootofthqaed-lightiDgiop ize- fighta. .Fashionable authors, statesmen, and even dezgymen were seen seated cutaride tbe ropes, watching the little man, with one arm disabled, sent -down time after time by his huge antagonist, yet still jt omihg up again undismayed. And when the great fight .ended in.a drawn batticjBtsnaat be confessed that Heenan was scarcely treated by his British admirers. They went through the mockery of presenting him and Sayers with a champion's belt each ; bat while the latter got hiB b«lt all right, Heenan'a was not paid for, and ho never really received it. On SSayera, as the representative of English pluck, all the substantial tokens of admiration centred. Lord P&lmerston; made a collection for him in ihe House of Commons. The stockbrokers of Mincing Lane presented him with a parse of sovereigns. Subscriptions to the/' Sayers' Annuity Fund" ponred in from all parte of the country, and the pugilist was made independent. Bat he did not long sur vive to enjoy it Tbe tremendooe pouodiog he had received from Heenan, added to a strong passion for grog which be manifested when his training days were over, eoon re moved the renowned Too) Sayers to the land of shadows, there to interview the ghosts of Cribb, Spring, and other departed Hifctites. Heenan, apparently lees favoured by Fortune than his opponent, had no . sympathising friends to provide him with Annuities. He had to work for bis living, and being unable to. emulate tbe excesses in which Sayers in dulged, has consequently lived longer. After attempting iu vain to thrash Tom Ring, he found himself too shattered to continue in th- fistic arena with any hope of success. With him dies tbe last remnant of interest con nected with pugilism in England. The fight between Sajrera aod.H-enan was tbe last respectable" ooe in England. No one Lot the lowest of the low takes an atom of interest now in prize figfatiog in the old country. Fights for tbe English championship come off in America; and "The Fancy" are at a discount in Eogland. They owe this to their knavery and brutality, to tbe coolness with which they were always ready to sell their backers, or "play a cross." Perhaps w« shall see something of the kind happen to the turf one of these days — thanks to its dis reputable followers. 