TALES AND SKETCHES. THE GARRISON GHOST. The fort of which uiy father was appointed commandant was situated on a rocky promontory in one of the wildest tbotigli most romautic parts of "the kingdom. The >on was situated at the entrance of a lock or roadstead, and built on solid rock so far above the sea as to make one unaccustomed to it giddy to look down- The sea, " whose music made ratlicr a boisteious roar," foamed continually at its base; eagles made their nosls in some adjoining cliffs, and their shrill screams added to the wildness of the scene. On the one side were mountains rising one above another till their tops were lost in mist. Agaiu, there were valleys so lovely as even to surpass my boyhood's idea ol Arcadia. Frequently, during my vacation, after fatiguing myself climbing rocks and making excursions in the neighbourhood, have I lain for hours in a lovely valley a short distance frota the fbrt. sheltered by rocks from the sca- breeeze, imd by tbe mountains from the sharp north and easterly blasts. Here, with a book in hand, the happiest hours of my life sped- Here have I listened to the warlike stories of my foster-father. Sergeant M'Allum, who delighted my ears with the accounts' ol my lather's family, xvbo had, he said, " the best blood of the Highlands in bis veins." We even bad a bodach, or ghoat, in our family, which, before trouble or death, was always sure to appear He gave most exciting and affecting accounts of its several appearances before the misfortunes of our family iu '15; and again in '45, when, in a vain and foolish attempt to restore the Pretender, my father's (bur uncles lost their lives, leaving none alive ol the family but my grandfather, who "was then but a child. 1 hese stoiies excited and strengthened my superstition—which forms a part of the character of the youug—and romance which was inherited Iroin my mother, who was a firm believer in all my foster-father's tales and legends ol bodachs, wraiths, ghosts, etc., am she seriously regretted mji father's utter disbelief of "all such nonsense," as he was pleased to term them. Time passed away very pleasantly to me, and I always looked lorward 1 to my vacations with delight, as J invariably spent them at home; but, in the course of my studies—from over-application, so the doctors said —i brought on a severe lever, and was obliged to be removed home as soon as I could bear it, in order to recover. But weeks passed away, and, notwithstanding Witters, tonics, jellies, ctc., etc,, and iny de;ir mother's every remedy, I continued very weak and languid—no appetite, and heavy night-sweats : symptoms quite enough to frighten a less affectionate father than mine was for an only son. The doctor was consulted, who said 1 had over-exerted my brain, and was growing too fast, but that I would come round iu time. About this time, my father received instructions to the effect that, if possible, he was to exercise even more vigilance, as tho fort where te commanded WHS ol consequence, owing to its position—being, as it were, the key to a line defences along the coast, and which, if taken, would allow the enemy to approach nearer than was at all desirable to a city some few miles distant Napoleon was then in the zenith of his power, and an invasion was hourly expected. My father, at all timeB watchful and cautious, was now incessant iu the performance ol his duties. Tlie drawbridge—the only communication betweeu the fort and the surrounding country—was raised at sunset; no stranger was allowed to enter the fort at any bour. and frequently during the day did my father's glass' sweep the horizon in search of an enemy's ship of war. To add to the u Heaviness of his pusition, he observed, or landed he did, something among the soldiers which he did not like • they formed "themselves in groups, whispering and muttering, and wlieb Spoken to by him, instead of the cheerful look and hearty answer to which he was accustomed to from them, they looked (as lie thought) guilty, and as it they wished to avoid meeting him. One thing assuredly they did wish to avoid, and that was night-watch. This lie could not understand; even the hardiest, bravest soldiers were anxious to skulk off night duly. At la.^t, on his having found a Senile) lying it) a faint, it came out that a ghost had been plainly seen by several walking slowly all ovor the foit, hiid as slowly disappearing down pt.i t ol' the clill', on which thev asserted there was no footing for a human being. Some of' the steadiest and soberest men had seen it night after night in its slow und solemn walk; and although one hardy veteran had fired at it, the charge either passed through it harmlessly, or, as my father said, never touched it. There was no use reasoning with them; as they said, "seeing was believing." They would fijcht " Bony" ill welcome, but they would not fight a spirit. My father was greatly annoyed, having no belief whatever; and not doubling the accounts of those hardy soldiers who bad seen it, he believed it was some spy, who had a mode of entering and leaving which, ol course, niunt bo undefended, and likely to prove a disgrace *to bis vigilance. He watched several nights at the hours it invariably came at, hut, .strange to sayj the uight my lather watched it never made its appearance. My foster-father, Sergeant AJ'Allum, who had been away on furlough, nonreturned, to my joy and father's great satisfaction, who knew he could depend upon his bravery, loyalty, aud shrewdness ; so, with great satisfaction to all, he tojk the guard that night; but on making his report next morning, we were all struck with his sorrowful,di,j(s:ted look, lie owned to having seen the " thing ; " he adjured it in the name of the Holy Trinity ; it bad looked him in tbe faco, pointed with its right hand to the sky, and then slowly passed on its way, disappearing down the cliff. But what distressed my mother was Sergeant 51'Allum's declaration that the wraith or "thing" had the eagle eye and stately (tearing of a dead brother of my' father, who was said to have inherited those two peculiar features from our ancestor the " bodach," who showed himself before death or trouble to any of the family *, so that in the present delicate state of my health, it was not to be wondered at that my mother and foster-father 'should believe that tbe appearance of the bodach was a Warning before my death; and I was really to be pitied. I was wailed over, and, as the Irish say, " waked" alive. Much as my father was attached to me, I verily believe he was much more aoxious to solve the mystery of the garrison "ghost." Frequently has he watchcd lor its appearance for hours, und been disappointed. To him it never showed itee.lt, and what was more extraordinary, it never missed its walk the night he did not happen to be watching for it. But if the ghost was cunning, my father was determined; and so one night he made op his mind to slip out at twelve o'clock (the hour at which it made its appearance), without mentioning his iutention to any person, and for that purpose was quietly waiting in tbe dining-parlour. The doors bad been locked as usual at ten o'clock, and the keys left with him. As the hand of the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to live initial 3S to twelve, laid aside his book, intending to glide out, when he heard, or rather felt, something astir. He listened. Presently the parlour door was slowly and cautiously opened, and a tall figure in white enlered, went over to an escrutoire, then to a sideboard ; searched it over, and then came to tbe table at which he sat, took up the key, glided out of the hall door,, and passed out, followed by my lalher, who was surprised to find it was myself, in a state of somnambulism. He took the sergeant and some of tbe men Iroin the guardhouse, and then lollowed me all round the '-'ghost's" usual walk, having sent a couple of tho men to wait till I returned to the'hall door, when they had orders to follow mo quietly into the houae. The part 6f the cliff over which the ghost . was said to disappear was merely a very nanow ledge of rock, which, good cragsman as I was, thanks to ray highland rearing, I certainly should not have attempted had I been awake; but my father watchcd me as I cautiously crept along the ledge, and so round til I readied in safety a little garden close to our house, when I went to the hall door and pushed it open (1 had left ii only •laid to, not fastened). When I got in I looked tbe door, carried the key into tho dining-room, laid it on tlie table—the cxact spot I had taken it Iron)—and then into my bed ; and so the "ghost was laid" at last, to the satis r action ol all concerned, and to my own very great astonishment wh'cn told of it in the morning. My langour, want of appetite, and night sweats, were now accounted lor"; but i soon recovered my health, as my father took such measures as effectually prevented my walkingwfaile asleep, aud in a short time the "ghost"' was forgotten, and the attention of those who were in the fort was directed to other and more stirring events.— Extracted. 