IN THE. BARBER'S SHOP Bi FIGARO. "I have gathered a nosegay of',flowers, and tnere is nothing of any own but the string that ties them."-MoNTAaON. * • T DEDICATE myv c'pcning paragraph ' his week to Sir Jan. tes DI'Culloch. I. think he has fairly earned the distinction by his futile attempt to upset the Kerferd •Ministry. Wherein he showed, to my great amusement, how terribly " uncanny" an old political soldier, and a Scotchman to boot, can occasionally be. With his long experience, Sir James ought .to have felt his ground better than to bring on a motion without a remote chance of better' support than he got. Machiavelli I believe- it was who first formulated the dogma that in politics "a blunder is worse than a crime." I cannot myself go quite so far as' that, but I do hold that such a -blunder as our doughty knight made is altogether inexcus able. He should have known the temper of the House better than to have proposed such a motion as he did unless he was sure of a respectable minority to back him up. I say nothing of the abstract propriety or impropriety of his motion. All I look at just now is the probability of carrying it. I think it likely that, tested on its pure merits, there is a majority in the Assembly in favour of it. But' I gave Sir James credit for knoiving that such propositions are seldom; if ever, -voted upon on their merits. ;In the present instance I am con fident such was not the case. There were, I believe, at least two strong under-currents working against the success of Sir James. One of these was the still unsettled question of payment of members, and the other the desire to see the Local Government Bill passed.iuto law before a change of-Ministry takes place. And I am glad: it should be so, as fari as the latter cause is conceriaed. That measure is absolutely required, and if the Assembly will but help the Government to pass it, I don't care the toss of afarthing what they afterwards do with the vacillat ing Kerferd Administration. But so long as there is a prospect of'getting that good out of them, I, for one, shall urge that they be kept in office. My dear ladies-meaning thereby MBiss Thomson and Miss Winston- you really committed an unpardonable error in allow ing your "angry passions" to rise' to such a height in presence of your best friends the pliblic.. How could you permit your judgment to be so much at fault as to pub icly exhibit your professional animosities in so unpleasant a manner ? Your simu lated anger my be very good, and very pleasant to witness, but when you develop it into reality the sight is one to make all decent people grieve. I dare say when children you learnt from good old DrWatts that." your little hands were never made to tear each other's eyes." . If so, you sadly forgot the lesson on the occasion I am re ferring to. If not, take my advice, pur chase a copy of the old poet's " Divine and Moral Songs"-it can be had for a few pence-and study well the one containing the words I have just quoted. If you will do this, I feel sure I shall never again have occasion to comment on so unseemly a stage brawl between you. There is an ugly story floating about as to the reason which induced a well-known and capable cricketer to transfer his services from' the chief club to a younger rival. That-he has so transferred them .is a fact, but whether the alleged reason for his doing so. rests on an equally irrefutable foundation I don't pretend to say: The allegation is that the friends of the club' in question, in order to secure this gentlemen's admittedly valuable assistance, procured him a billet in the Lands Office. If this be true, I. must say I think it discreditable.to all concerned; and I'shouldn't be surprised if an awkward question is asked in Parlia nent on the subject. It is a standing joke amongst riders on the St. Kilda-road, that, that pleasant thoroughfare was never, kept so well watered 'as 'during the summer when the then Mayor of Melbourne was a resident in it. 'Since that time the efforts at keeping down the dust whichl rolls along that road during either a northerly or a southerly "buster" -have been nothing like so per sistent i 'and the comiifoit of travellers myself amongst the number-has been thereby greatly lessened. Our hopes for the present summer, reasoning by analogy, are pleasantly on the psui rie . The Mayor elect is a resident in this locality, and we venture to trust he will do his best to make our daily rides in and out of Melbourne as free as pdssible from the, provoking nui sance of clouds of comminuted bluestone and dessicatcd horse-dung. It he accom plishes this desire of our hearts we shall unanimously vote him to be " a jolly good fellow," and pray that he may become, like Whittington, " thrice Lord Mayor" of Melbourne. If at the same time he would alter his views as to the nightsoil nuisance in Fawkner Park, and like Sir Peter Laurie, "put that down," we should be delighted to join in a recommendation that Her Majesty would be pleased to grant him.a titular handle .to his name. Such are often given to men who destroy human life,, but Mr Gatehousoe would fairly earn the dis tinction by saving it. And whilst I am referring to the Mayor elect of Melbourne, let me notice a capital suggestion made by a correspondent of the Airus. It recommends MIr Gatehouse to commence his terni of oflice by removing thel Fwknor Park nuisance, then getting the Park nicely laid out and plisnted, and concluding his official year by giving a grand picnic therein. .I have myself fre quently complained of the desolate un sightliness of this' reserve which might so easily be made beautiful -therefore, I cordially commend the foregoing suggestion to Mr Gatelouse's consideration. The fulfilling of it would, make him very popular. I have a congratulation to offer and a suggestion to make concerning the Sabbath observance question. My first is for the Rev. A. Gosman, whose truly excellent letter on the subject in last Saturday's Arqus is deserving of all praise. To o my thinking, it just hits the right nail on the head aid should thero boe any among my readers whoihave not perused it I advise them by all. means to rectify tho, omission. The letter -breathes throughout the true spirit of Christian charity. My second is this-Let each party to the Sabbath dispute agree to drop their contention, and unite earnestly in establishing what I will call a Secular Sunday:. By this I mean that we should rescue one from the working days in each weekl -ay Wodnesday-and set it irpLr as ;a universaiinoidnay. There wouid then be plenty of time for all to indulge in those healthful, mind-improving, body restoring pursuits which it is now being sought to obtain bya Legislative secularis ation of our seventh day of rest. And really the concession would not "be a groat one Already many of us have a half-day holiday on Saturday-so my idea, if carried out, would really .only -be taking a few more hours from work and devoting them "to leisure. And.-I. feeLconfident that just as much trade would be done. and ouite nas much work,;got out of employts, in five dAyvs is in five and a half. - Besides which, it ,Fould leave the whole of Satuuiday 'cleai for b.'siness purposos-a change that would be for the better. With an entire day in each we.k wherein tod take their pleasure, I venture to believe there would be left but a very small few to ahvocato any change in the present mode of observing Sunday. As to the practicability of such a scheme I haven't myself the 'le.st doubt. The bitter wail for'water has gone forth again. Two hot days at the beginning of the week sufficed for a short supply in the higher parts of these suburbs, and set un fortunate "tub-men," deprived of their morning bath, msnaking their grievance known in letters to the papers. I hold it to be a scandalous shame and gross mis management that there should have been such just cause for these complaints as there was. It is monstrous that with the repeated warnings they have had, and the many promises they have made to rectify the injustice, the controlling powers of our water supply should still be unprepared to meet every legitimate demand for the fluid they profess to dispense-and which they charge for, wlether we get it or not. If any argument were wanting to show their utter incompetence, it will be found in the fact that, spite of all previous experience, perspiring humanity has still-to groan and suffer through this gross neglect. 'Will a day of stern reckoning never come, when a too- enduring public will assert its power, and sweep these incompetents from office ? I hope it will, and that riglit speedily,; It is always sinadvisable to attempt to bolster up. a good., cause with, a bad argument. And this was done-unin tentionally, no doubt-by Cr Fuller at the meeting of the Prahran Council last Mon day evening.. In stating his objections to the deposit of nightsoil in Fawkner Park, that gentleman said :he kliew'n lierson who had lost two cows through eating some of thlegrass grown' on the land 'so treated; Now I must traverse the worthy councillors conclusion. "-I- don't doubt the- fact of- the death of the two cows, neither do I ques tion that they ate of this.. grass; -but the conclusion .drawn therefrom I impugn. The animals alluded to might have died from eating too s?uckh f the grass-in fact from what is known as surfeit; but that they gave up the ghost through some poison taken into their !system -with ,the grass is what I shall require some stronger evidence than a meroipse didit to make nme believe. For, if this were the case, how. is it that only these two beasts suffered ? They are but a small proportion of the cows that graze there. And I quite agree with Cr. Harris that what we have really to complain abdut ii' this nuisance is, that the deodorisation and depositing of the nightsoil are inefficiently performed. I sin cerely bolievotlhat these operations could beoso perfornied:as to be quite inioffensive. But if the City Council will not cause this to -be dones then they must be-stopped-from doing it.as they now do.. And Isay this though'I should dread. seeing the Praliran Council go to law with them on: the sub ject. .... "Thrice is , he armed who .hath his. quarrel just.". :And. thus was Cr. Thomas' armed -when lihe brought undei the notice. of the Prahran Conucil the subject of building encroachment on the. footpaths. He certainly has justice on his side. But he failed to remember that an ancuser should "come into court with e1 an hands.!' And now the tables arq curned on him. He,.itis'alleged;insa sinned in the manner lie coma.iaiued of in another. It -is grati fving to-me.to note, however, that he.ac-. cepted the " You're another" in good slirit. IIe didn't:, ?t up rough,, but ,took his "bating" pleasantly, , saying that if, upon inquiry, it was found lie had offended, he would have his mistake rectified. '"For my part, I thankl Cr Thomina for ,moving. in this matter, believing that good will result from his doing so. What has been done need not be alttred, but in' futuro no more encroachmonts must be permitted. .A traveller announces' as n fact (andt thugh Ie it r " travellr':" we believe him) hat he once in hlis lifebield iel pepl "' iiinrid ing their owni business.".' Tis remarkable occurrence happened ait sea, tile paasengers being to sick too ettoni to each other's con 3erns. ' ' . " ' ' . , . .' ' If you will not hear wisdoim, slie will rap your knuckles. . A. etrong-minded .woainn mode the fol lowing gentle reply to n politiciin who nhad ailled at bher lionss to :gt her , liosin??nito go to the poll andn vote : No, ·i, lie .cin't o'd! He's waslin,- now, anil lie' -going to iron to-morrow; and if lie wasn't ldoing. anythilig, he coudin't gO.'? I ,wn': this 'ero house, I do ; and if anyone votes, it'll be _h i a ' A ii :" ... . ..... . . .... " tou cannot taste in. the dark;" said a lectureri "Nature has intended us to seeour food."-" Then,".inquired a* forwardi pupil, " how about i blind man at dirvner ? -"Nature, sir," answered the .professor, " has provided him with eye teeth. 