WITH ENGLISH TRAPPISTS. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT OF THE ECHO.) The Record fears that Mr. Gladstone has been visiting this Monastery of Trappists ; he has not. But you may like to hear what he would have seen. Did one-half the world know how the other half lives, my occupation would be gone. How new to all but few will be my account of a spot in " Merrie Englande" where mirth is unknown, and where literally the inhabitants take their pleasure sadly. A bleak moor, on the lucus a non lucendo principle called a forest, whose hedges are stone dykes, whose rare populace is clothed in an uncouth garb, savouring of a cross between an old wife and a dustman— long white petticoats, surmounted by a pointed hood of tbe same colour, the monotony of the whole being only relieved by a broad black band, which hangs down over the shoulders before and behind. Here and there are others in garments like fashioned, but of a brown or black hue. Axe they convicts that their heads are so closely clipped, and that they go to and from their labour in gangs, shouldering their spades or instruments of husbandry, and marching forth in single file from that prison-like edifice, eyes fixed on the ground and lips firmly closed lest a word should escape them ? In penal servitude they are, but of no legal sort, condemned not by justice but by an unjust conviction of a fancied authority to wear out their simple lives in solitary confinement, to which the horrors of Pentonville are as nothing. That gloomy- looking building, whose narrow windows and barred gates loom up darkling against the sky and form the only object of sight for many a mile around, is the Trappist Monastery of Mount St. Bernard, situated on Charnwood Forest, Leicestershire, and there are the monks, some of them gentlemen—one at least, an Oxford man, of a good county family in the north—all in the white habits; men of a certain amount of higher eduaation, some priests, and 6ome preparing for the priesthood. That little man, with piercing eye and firmly compressed jaw, working in the field and rooting out some obstinate thistles, is the Lord Abbot himself, who a few hours hence will be rooting out the thistles of self from the soul of some kneeling novice, or instilling the principle of spiritual husbandry into the minds of his subjects. The tall, gentlemanly- looking figure, with hoe and besom, busily engaged in weeding the walks, is the Father Prior, a priest of blameless life but of most ascetic habit. Turn to the left, and at the top of a pile of rocks stands a lofty crucifix, the road up to which is winding, and set apart for those who would make the " way of the Cross " to the calvary above, and descend again to a sepulchre, which suddenly discloses to the unexpecting visitor a fulllength figure of Christ in the tomb. Look to the right; a train of novices, some mere boys, marches in single file back to the cloister. As tbey go along some calves, frisking in all the contrast of freedom, are performing some ungainly antics. A yonth raises his eyes—sin the first; laughs at the sight—sin the second; and, most heinous crime of all, makes a sign to his neighbour, who, however, observes his rule to the letter, and refuses even to look up. We are joined by Brother Bartimeus; the courteous guest-master, who glancing at our letter of introduction, conducts us within the guestshouse, which is separated from the main building, but united to the church by a cloister. We ex- press a wish to stay the customary three days, on which the Abbot is summoned. He at once grants us the required permission, and we agree to the few " rules of the house," some of which are dispensed with in consequence of our stern Protestantism. Bang, Bang, goes a great bell " Would we like to go to Vespers ?" To Vespe rs we betake ourselves, and are placed in a gallery overlooking the choir—or rather the nave of what when finished, is to be a well- proportioned monastic church. Gloominess is the order of the day, or rather evening. The space below us is empty, till two youthful figures glide in, one of whom lights the candles ou the altar, the other busying himself with arranging the books. Presently another bell, and sundry cowled ghosts steal in and occupy their stalls, which, we may observe, are so arranged as to render sitting down au impossibility. A few moments of private devotion, then the abbot himself begins the office in a stentorian voice; an antiphon is intoned by two novices, and then the full choir bursts out with the Dixit Dominus, taken to a Gregorian tune. Stay, why does Brother Boniface blush as he reads that card ? The choir master has taken this un- English method of informing him that he has sung the wrong verse, on whhh the offender leaves his stall and prostrates himself before the altar, where the Abbot suffers him to lie for fully three minutes and then knocks for him to return, which he does in all humility. Like all the offices, except the mass, aud the lessons in the Breviary, vespers are without book; in fact, the strict rule of the order is that none can be admitted as professed monks till they Know the Psalter by heart; our wonder, therefore, was that the prostrate was not the normal attitude in choir. Vespers over, we were hospitably but plainly entertained by the guestmaster, who, however, ate nothing nor drank with us. " 'Tis our holy rule," he said, though we must say he looked as if a little tea and bread and butter would do him no harm. " Our tea ? We haV3 none. We shall shortly have our supper of dry bread, cut off from our morning's portion, and some milk, and even that is a concession to English stomachs. Properly speaking, a Trappist is like a religious boa constrictor, he eats but ouce, and that at noon. To-morrow you shall judge for yourselves how we fare." Another bell. " That's for ' Chapter,' and as there we may talk, if it's only to accuse ou selves of our faults, we do not scruple to avail ourselves of tbe permission, just as we do in choir, the only other place save the infirmary, where we are allowed the use of our ' unruly member.' Farewell, Complin!" At this service the whole commnuity, including the lay brothers, came trooping in; nor could anything exceed the solemnity of the dark choir, the motionless kneeling figures, the awful silence as each examined himself on his behaviour during the day. It was oppressive, and great were our feelings of relief when we beard the knock which signalled the conclusion of the function, and allowed each monk to glide past the abbot, as with a low bow he reeeived holy water from his " father in God." By nine o'clock a deeper silence reigned around both outside and inside; we betook ourselves to bed—very clean and veryhard—and were just asleep when an inexorable bell awoke the echoes. Our first thought was fire; but the brother's voice crying out as he knocked at the djor " Benedicamus Domino," reminded us where we were. Starting up, we dress—it was one a.m., and bitter cold, but temperate when compared to the biting frigidity of the church. Verily, if the Trappists have the truth, she lies in a well. Will it be believed, night after night, every night of their lives, winter and summer, this ordeal is gone through, and for two mortal hours, sometimes three, these wretched men and boys sing the long office of Matins and Lauds, with naught to warm them save tbe fire of devotion? Right glad were we to get back to bed ; for the Trap- pist there was no more bed till the noon siesta - —prayer, study, or meditation, must occupy his thoughts till Prime at 4 a.m. Once again we turn out, sorely unwillingly, with ditto repeated. At 7°30 comes another innovation on the Trappist rule, namely, a "mixt"or breakfast, consisting of a hunch (very small) of bread and some new milk ; then more " Chapter:" then Tierce with mass; and then the day's work fully begins. "Our work is no fools' play," says the Abbot. "Look all round on these hundreds of acres, now fully tilled and paying; these were all waste, when our two brothers came from Ireland as pioneers. Mr. de Lisle gave us the land, and helped us with our church and monastery; all the rest we've done ourselves, and • lazy monks' though we be, have at all events taught the farmers of the neighbourhood how to break up and reclaim the forest." " But, if silence is your rule, how do you manage to direct your labourers?"' " VVe have an alphabet of signs, which every novice learns, and to which we stick. Of course, to the hired labourers and outsiders we talk, but for that duty two or three of the older and trustier monks are deputed. How about recreation ? " " Taken in silence, when there is any—even on Christmas Day and the Feast of St. Bernard." " But do you monks never go mad ? " " One or two have; nay, more than once we have found in the fields or a garden-bouse the habit cast off, and a letter saying the wearer bad returned to 4 the world.' Yes, we've had some strange characters—escaped criminals, deserters. One was here two years before we discovered what he waf. Another preferred our silence and hard fare to tbe clack of bis wife's tongue, and was greatly disgusted at having to go baek to roast beef and a scolding spouse. Excuse me, there's the bell for Sext, after which you snail taste 4 St. Bernard's mutton.'" .VVe are in the refectory, saated at the Abbot's table, after a long Latin grace. Tbe Abbot makes a sign, a thick vegetable soup is placed before us, in a lordly dish of 4 the commonest. 1 Too much," we exclaim to our host. He crosses the right forefinger over tbe left, and immediately half the quantity is placed before us. Another sign, too quick to be quite perceptible, and a mess of pottage and plain suet pudding appears—currants, even at tbe rate of three to the ounce of flour, were long since condemned as luxurious. Dinner is over the piain boards are cleared, the monks retire to their siesta, we to the buring-ground, to see the inevitable open grave, then to the reformatory for boys—once conducted, but unsuccessfully, by the monks—and then back to church again', for None. We did not stay out the three daysone was enough. Yet there were old men amongst the community, and this though their meals are vegetable—no eggs allowed—and their library contains nothing but theological and ascetical works. De guslibus non disputandum. 