LIBEL action Mr. Ireland, the .Actor, against the Licensed Victuallers' Gazette. RESUMED THI3 DAY. ; ; (Before JuBtice Williams and Jury of Four.) . Messrs. Dobson and Fisher for plaintiff ; Messrs. G. P.. Smith and Williams for King and others, thp defendants, proprietors of she Licsnsoil Victuallers' Gazette. Froderick Belton, examined : I have been an aotor sinoe I was seventeen years of ago, and was for oleven years manager of the Exeter Circuit. Have also managed Sai lors' Wells Theatre. I have known Mr. Ireland about a year. Certaiuly do not regard him as a' "slovenly, careless actor." Was much pained when I read the criticism whioh styled him Buoh. Consider it harsh and un j ust, Mr. G. P." Smith (exhibiting the Faust dress : worn by Mr. Ireland): Do you think that a proper dross for the part of Faust. A. I do. Q. Lookatthis hat now (holding it up). Does not it look as if it, was taken off tho hoad of a little .girl in Bourke street? A. I think it a proper hat for the part. If those three rows of glass beads were really diamonds thoy would represent tho wealth of a nobleman, ' Mr. Patey, elerk to plaintiff's solicitor, hero banded over to Mr. Smith a white ostrioh plume and a red one, remarking. "Those too." Mr. Smith : These too. Mr. Belton : The ha; is altogether suitable for the part. A gontlaman, yon know, is not dressed gorgeously. Mr. Smith : We hear that he played the Earl of Essex, in Elizabeth Queen of England, in this game dress, minus tho oloak. Would you think tho public wore rightly treated if an aotor playod Essex in a costume one night, and the next night oame up through a trap in the same dress as Faust. Mr. Bolton : An aotor cannot afford a now dress for every part., Mr. Smith ; Look at this aloak, now. Don't you think Mrs. Cioland would be ashamed to havo suoh a seedy old thing lu her shop ? | Mr. Belton : I think she would bo very glad to possess it. It is silk velvet. Mf Smif.ll £11 Paimfi if> nAHffAH Why, I suppose you would approve of stage dressing as it was in the time of Garrick, whon Hamlet was played iu the uniform of a naval officer? I Mr. Belton : No ; but you must remombor that Faust belongs to no fixed date. Tho cosbnme I regard as altogether a handsome one. | Mr. Smith : Noy, with regard to theatrical oritioism : In engaging an aotor, would you pay attention to it ? Mr. Bolton : If I knew the actor, I should pay no attention to tho critioisms, bat uso my own judgment ; if I did not know him, I should, be influenced to some extent by ,the criticisms. Mr. Smith : You gentlemen seem to re gard oritioismsid the light of advertisements. Mr. Belton : Not at all. I think oritioism ought to bo independent, and when so it is beneficial to the aotor. But I think harsh criticism, which takes away an actor's bread, is oruelty. I ipenk personally thoro. At tho same time 1 regard improper laudation of the aotor as injurious to his iutercsts, Mr. Smith : Thoro appears to havo been a general onslaught on the actors of t. bo', Theatre Royal. Tho management, I believe, have been attacked, 'no, for their parsimony. Mr. Bolton.: For my own part I oan only attest to having received liberal and gentle manlike treatment at their hands. Mr. G. P. Smith : You think Mr. Ireland a first-class aotor, fit for the leading part in the play of Faust and Marguerite ? Mr. Beltou : Fount is not the leading part ; it is Mephiitopbiles. Faust is given to tho gentleman who does the leading juvenile business. It is not a good part; no actor could make much of it. Mr. Arthur Garner examined : I am an actor, and havo held the posi tian of manager in England for about three years. I heard tho criticism under uolioe on Mr. Ireland referred ti> during a rehearsal upon the stage in Tasmania, Regard the oritioism as an unfair one. Have seen Mr. Ireland play, and think him a good aotor. Mr. Smith : You are, I believe, engaged at the Theatre Royal, Mr. Garner: My engagement has not com menced yet, bnt I am engaged. Mr. Smith: Glad of it. Mr. Garner: So am I. Dr Niild examined: 1 am in tho habit of attending the theatre frequently, and have, I believe, seen Mr. Ireland in every cha racter he has played in Molbourne. I do not agree with the criticism in tho Licensed Victuallers' Gazette on Mr. Ireland in Faust. Saw him aot it. Mr. Smith: What is your opinion of Mr. Ireland as au actor ? Dr. Neild : I think him one of the best actors that ever graced the Melbourne boarch, Mr! Smith : Dear rae 1 You plaoe him' on a ar, then, with Brooke, Montgomery, and Anderson ? Dr; Neild : If you ask me my opinion, I think him five hundred times better than Anderson. , Mi. Smith : I am not referring, you know, to jour friend, the Wnard, 1 D;. Nield : Neither am I. I mean Mr. JnmtB Anderson. Mr. Smith : Do you think Mr. Ireland as good as Montgomery ? Tr. Nield : No. Ijfr. Smith : Bat you mean that he is on thosamo plane with Montgomery ; that is a nice balance ? fir. Neild : I consider him second to Mont- gqnery. Mr. Smith : Well, your opinion will bo a /remarkably good advertisement for Mr. fteland. How do you think he Btands in comparison with Brooke ? J Dr. Noiid : He has never had tho same jpportunities. If be had, he would pro- lably aobieve the highest position, and may set do so. j Mr. Lyuoh examined : I am a journalist, and saw Mr. Ireland sot Faust on this oooa- sion. Consider the oritieiem iu the Licensed Victuallers' Gizotte a atuphj one. Mr. Richard Stowarb, oxamined : Am a comedian, and ono of the managers of the Thontre Royal. The atago management was, at the timo of tho production of Fauat and Marguerite, divided between Mr. Harwbod and myself. On the first night of the play Mr. Harwood was stage manager. Regard Mr. Ireland as a good and oareful aotor. Mr. Smith : How is it Mr. Harwood is not here? Mr. Stewart : Do is m Sydney, I believe, by this time. Mr. Smith : Do you regard Mr. Ireland as equal to Montgomery? Mr. Stewart : No. Mr. Smith : As good as Anderson ? Mr. Stewart : Well, Anderson is no favorite of mine. I don's think much of him. Mr, Smith : But you think it is a case of lougo intervallo between Montgomery and Ireland ? Mr. Stewart : Can't measure the distance at present. (Great laughter. ) I think Mr. Ireland a vorv excellent ao:or. fMr. J. H. Ivnipe, oxaminod : Am neither au aotor nor a ontio. Saw Mr. Ireland play in Faust and Marguerite. Thought his Faust admirable, indeed porfect. It was a manly, gentlemanly performance, and a masterpiece of elooution. Mr. Smith : What i3 your opinion on the comparative merits of Ireland and Brooke ? Mr. Knipa : I consider that Mr. Ireland might roach similar distinction if he had the opportunities. Mr. Smith: But as yet ho has' not got beyond the Ghost. Stay a minuto, Mr. Kaipo,' don't go away. Are youoneofOop- 1 pin's deadheads ? . _ Mr.'Knipo : I do the agenoy business in connection with the Theatre Royal, and it necessitates my attendance there often to see the managers. 7 MissEleanor Carey examined : I performed tie oharaoter -of 'Marguerite in Fanst and Margnerito on the occasion referred to. H Dr. Dobson: Do you oonsider that Mr. Ireland, as Faust, .was slovenly and carelesB ? Miss Carey : Distinotl; not. Dr. Dobson : Do you tbmk- the costume he wore on that occasion, and now produced, was suitable ? Miss Carey : I do think so. It is of silk velvet, and very rioh satin. Dr. Dobson : Was he inanimate on the stage, as stated in this article 1 Miss Carey ; No. Dr. Dobson : I notiob also in the article that some "daubs "-were raised up iu the back scene to represent the apotheosis of Maguerlte. Is that a fact ? Miss Carey : No ; they wero real figures, I was one of them myself. Dr. Dobson : That, I ' believe, is the regular termination of .tho play ; some go aloft and some holow. Miss Carey : Yes, it is the usual way. Mr. Smith : You wore also raferrod to in this artiole, wero you not ; and in a manner whioh was not complimentary ? Miss Caroy : Yes. Mr. Smith : Do you object to the criti cism ? Miss Carey : I do not mind adverso criti cism, but I should nob like to be libelled by remarks on my dress or porsonal appearance in any way. Mr. Smith : Suppose they said you were not pretty, would that be libellous? Miss Carov 1 No, I do not think so. Mr. G. P. Smith then opened tho case for defendants. Tho statement by Dr. Neild, lie said, comparing Mr. Trelnud with Mont, gomery, had ralsod a titter among the crowd of professionals in court. He did not know what value would bo put on Dr. Neild's opinion after that. As for tho garments pro duced, they were tawdry rags. Fauat ought to be gorgeously dressed. The Liceueed Victuallers' Gnzatte was not the only paper that criticised Mr. Ireland unfavorably ns Faust. The Argus, Age, Loader, and Town and Country, also referred to him in the same terms. It was simply a matter of opiaion. Ho would proceed with evi dence : — Donald Cameron oxamined : I wrote the article entitled Gaieties, uudor tho head of Cayonno, whioh has given riso to this action. Am not personally acquainted with Mr. Ireland. Novor saw him off the stage until T antw kirn in tliia Bnfnra WMh'nn m <rr vwwm. critique I read that in the Argus, written, as I have ascertained, by Mr. Marcos Clarke. Consider that Mr. Ireland performed Faust iu a perfunctory manner. I was in tho pit, and paid. Heard somo oxproBsions of disap proval around mo when Mr. Iroland changed j from tho old man to the young iu Faust. There was no hissing, but somo muttering. Have seen Mr: Ireland act exceedingly well in Robertson's comedies, and other pieces. Think ho fell off about the timo Faust and Marguerito was brought out, and acted, from some cause, in a careless manner. To Dr. Dobson: Before I wroto my critique I read those iu the Australasian and Daily Telegraph, praising Mr. Ireland. They said Mr) Ireland gave a now reading of the part, which accounted for what looked like tamo- ness. I could not agrso with this view. Could not fathom tho new reading. I have been dramatio critio on the Sydney Einpiro and Bendigo Advertiser. Have ' written dramatic criticisms for eight years past. Wrote in tho Irishman, but no theatrical critioisms. I did not leave the Irishman, it loft mo. The Irishman diod; that ouded our conneotion, and nothing else chat I am aware ol. Cannot say, from my own recollection, whether Mr. Ireland was called before thb curtain twice that Dighb. In my article I spoke of good actors walking about while inferior ones obtained engagi'ments. Among others, I had in my mind at the time Mr. Collier and Miss Bowriug, who were not en gaged. Dr. Dobson : You ohosc the signature of Cayenne, and I suppose meant to write up to it? Mr. Cameron : I meant to writo fairly. Dr. Dobson: "Cayenne" would imply that you intended to use the pepoer. If you had signed '! Milk and Water," now, you would have felt bound to writo up to that, wouldn't yon? Mr. Cameron : I don't know- Mr. Marcus Clarko, examined : I wrote tbe oritioism in the Argus on tho first perform ance of Faust and Marguerite. Considered that Mr. Ireland's costume was not appro priate, and stated imy opinion in the critic ism. Mr. Smith : Do you agree with the criticism in tho Licensed Victuallers' Gazette ? Mr. Clarke : Not altogether. It alludes to Mr. Ireland as a slovenly and careless actor in general. I do nob agree with that. Mr, Jss. Williams examined : Am a jour nalist. Wrote the oriticism In the Age on tho first night of Faust aud Marguerito. Commented on the costume of Mr. Ireland -in Fanst as faded finery. So it looked. The dress certainly appears rather bettor by day light. Mr. Smith : What is your opinion ef Mr. Ireland, as an actor? Mr. Williams : Well, he is what I oall a fair aotor. Of cinrse, one has to apply a standard to colonial aators different to that we wonld take in criticising actors in the old country. Dr. Dobson: The same rule, I suppose, applies to critics. Mr. Smith (to witness) : Do you thiuk Mr. Iroland equal to Montgomery ? Mr. Williams : Well — hardly. Mr. R. F. Whitworth was next examined, and stated that he had seen Mr. Ireland not better at some times than others. Never know an actor who was not oareless some- timos. Did not, however, agree with the opinion that Mr. Ireland was a careless and slovenly aotor. Thought Mr. Ireland quite the reverse. He was, ia witness's opinion, a very careful aotor. Mr. King, son., and Mr. King, jun., of the Licensed Victuallers' Gazette, gave evidonoe that they had no acquaintance with Mr. Ireland, and never gave tbe dramatic critic any instruotions. Mr. G.P. Smith and Dr. Dobson severally addressed the jury for defendants aud plain tiff. His Honor, in smnming up, said tbe evidence showed Mr. Ireland to be a careful and capable actor, and it did not appear that he had even suffered from the Btato- 1 raents made in the article referred to. Tho jury must decide whether or no that article : was written without due consideration. ' The jnry retired at five minutes to two o'olock. On resuming, tho jury returned a verdiot for plaintiff. Damages, £100. 