MUSEMEMTS. ; THE DRAMA. Daring the earlier part of the week there was little change to notice- in connection with the performances at the various places of entertainment in Melbourne. At the Royal the Palace of Triith and the Wedding March kept, the boardB, and drew very fair houses. "The fun imported by Mr. Greville into the latter piece would astonish no one perhaps so, much as the original author or the English adapter, Mr. Gilbert. Much of Mr. ; Grcville's gag, . however, is coarse, and borders on the indelicate. He evidently loses sight of both text and character in the' effort to be funny. ' In this; respect he suc ceeds. Few pieces which come under the denomination of farces: ever created more boisterous hilarity than the Wedding March under this comedian's mode of treatment. The management, however, must be very lax in matters of discipline to permit many of tHe equivoques introduced. It has always been ah object of laudable ambition with aspiring actors to make a hit in the interpretation of the character of Hamlet. Mr. Ireland, it was known, had a great desire to essay the part in Mel bourne, and from his well-known intelligence and experience, together with his natural advantages as regards appearance, voice, and style generally, a great success was antici pated by his friends. We. are., happy, to-qay that they were not altogether disappointed. Mr. Ireland forms a very just conception of the part. Hamlet, in his hands, is a young man goaded to desperation owing to the murder of his father, and his whole soul is filled with One idea namely, .to revenge the 'crime. : His" madness is assumed for that object j his pregnant remarks, are but the expression of his hidden intent; his philo sophy, his moodiness, and strangeness of demeanor, appear hut adjuncts to the part which he is actually playing. This takes much from the poetry and classic beauty of the creation; but it enables an actor to give his rendering of tbe character with consistency andsoine show of purpose. - In the opening scenes of the play Mr. Ireland was nervous and his voice ran into the preaching key, but no sooner had tie recovered his ordinary self.possession than he overcame this, and entered fully into the spirit of the role. Several of the scenes : were, very striking, notably that with the ghost in the first act. There were several weak -points observable in the performance, especially from an elo cutionary point of view, aind the soliloquies, with only one exception, were delivered with lamentable tameness. As an imper sonation at the hands of a comparatively yonng actor it was, however, very respect able, and will improve by repetition. At the ; Opera House the first new piece .this season was produced on Wednesday evening; entitled La Juive, with magnificent scenic accessories and dresses. The cast was as follows Christians : Cardinal de Brogni (President of the Council of Constance), Sig- nor Doridi ; Lcopoldo (Prince of the Em pire), Signor Leandro Coy ; Ruggiero (chief magistrate of the city), Signor Baldassari ; Alberto (officer of the Imperial Guards), Signor Pietro Favas ; citizens, Mr. G. A. Johnson, Signori Benso and Rivolti ; En- dossia (nieoe of the Emperor), Signor Tam- burini Coy. Jews : .Lazaro (a goldsmith), Signor Ferante Eosnati ; Kachele (the Jewess), Signora Zenoni-Gamboa. Had the management produced the piece earlier the effect upon the general result of the season's operations must have been tell ing. The production of .a few such works would do more to popularise operatic enter tainments in Melbourne than the perfor mance for any period, and at million prices, of ordinary operas, to which the public have so persistently been treated of late. Emerson's California Minstrels continue to dp excellent business at St. George's Hall, Their entertainments are very amusing, and doubtless their season will be a most success ful one. Mr. Harwood is at present in Sydney, making arrangements, it is said, to float a company to re-build the Prince of Wales Theatre. Though his success in this project may consolidate the; existing monopoly in theatrical affairs which exists in the colonies, yet it might have the effect of enabling the management of the Theatre Royal to import really good talent. Their present stock com pany, except for light or farcical pieces; is mediocre in the extreme. Miss Howard, an American actress, has ; arrived in Melbourne, under engagement to Mr. Coppin, and will shortly make her debut before! a Melbourne audience at the Theatre Royal. Her abilities are spoken of in very flattering terms by the American press. Her forte, it seems, lies in the emotional drama. This is a step in the right direction, as most playgoers think anything would bean im provement in lieu of the representations of this nature to which they have been obliged to submit for some considerable time. Miss Howard's repertoire includes The Geneva Cross, by Mr. Geo. . Fawcett Rowe ; The Wandering Heir, by Chas. Eeade, and taken from the story of that name published in the Graphic ; La Princesse Georges, byDnmas the younger ; Boucicault's Jezibel, Solid Sil ver, Article 47, Good as Gold, Crossing the Quicksands, and Rosedale. The English Opera Company have met with marked and gratifying success in Dunedin. They have succeeded in drawing crowded houses, and evoking highly com mendatory notices from the local press. Genevieve de Brabant and Barbe Bleae have been the principal operas performed, and in these Miss Alice May and Mr. Hallam have been winning golden opinions. Alluding to Mr. Hallam, the Ota, go Daily Times says : — It is evident that Mr. Hallam is careful and painstaking, and determined to acquire that command of action which is absolutely essen tial to success in the profession he has chosen. His voice proved fully up to the mark. In the duet, in the second act, with Arline, the piano passages were very nicely rendered. " When other lips " was sung with great ex pression, and elicited a warm encore. ' ' The fair land of Poland " was splendidly given, and also brought down a round of applause, and was re-demanded. Miss Hattie Shep- parde is acting as stage directress. Her health has greatly improved by the change of air, and it is anticipated that she will shortly form a company with which to take a tour of the principal towns in the colony. From the Sydney papers we gather that Morton Tavares, the new lessee of the Vic toria Theatre, purposes initiating a new regime in connection with that long and favor ably known temple of the drama. The Herald states: — "Mr. Tavares seems de termined to make his theatre approach the London model as- nearly as possible. The engagements of artists already entered into include Miss Maggie Oliver, Madame Hol land, Miss Surtees, Mr. George Leopold, with Mr. Tavares. Further engagements are pending. The opening piece will bethe celebrated Haymarket comedy, the Palace of Truth, for which extensive preparations in the way of scenery are being made." Mr. and Mrs. Belton have appeared at this theatre, but their debut is spoken of in very mild terms by the press. Miss Austin is pronounced wanting in dash, while as to Mr. Belton, it is considerately announced that in his impersonation of Volage in The Marble Heart," " the applause of the au dience was by no means demonstrative." Smith's Combination Troupe is at present in Sydney, performing at the School of Arts, with tolerably fair success. Harry Richards appears to have estab lished himself a favorite with the Brisbane people. In referring to one of his perfor- mancesthe Gourferstates : — "Richards sgreat claim to public appreciation is his complete originality. We have all seen and mourned over comic singers, who, as a rule, are as lugubrious as Gray's Elegy. Biekards, bow- ever, traverses the canons-of his fellows in being really humorous, tothatjejjtent indeed that, although he is a comic singer,- :we'inust laugh at his performance. Certainly, since his appearance in Brisbane he has deter mined not to spare himself. On Saturday and in every one he was "ericbred tb' the- echo." /. V'. ! :. .' , ' -1' ' V! The Sisters pnvaili are at present pi-Tas mania, and; , have; .been appearing in! .-.their: specialities to; large, audiences " at Hobart Town. ' ;!! v 