I MELHOUHNH. Tuesday. A scbiKiliinstcr suffering from religious mania, attempted to assassinate Burnett, tho well-known revivalist preacher. A company is ni course of formation to work thc iron miucs of New Zcalaud. Tho Government intend adding a tannery to thc buildings at thc Pentridge Stockade for thc employment of prisoners. A second cargo of coal has arrived from thc Kilcunda minc. Thc prospectus of an Australian Deposit Mortgage Bank has been issued. .Sir Charles (¡avail Duffy has sailed for England. An advance of thirty shillings per tau has taken place in sugars. WK notice by advertisement that all persons interested in reducing thc price of bread arc reipicstcd to meet at thc Temperance Hall, William-street, this (Wcducsday) evening, at 8 o'clock. A MKiiTINii of the shareholders of thc Rock- hampton Investment and Building Society No. 4, is advertised to take placo this [Wed- nesday) evening at half- past seven o'clock, at the ofliccs of the Secretary, Ivist-strcct. A MT.i'l.u, meeting of thc subscribers tn thc leichhardt and i'ort Curtis District Hospital was held yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock. Present : Mr. T. S. Hall, treasurer (chairman) ¡ and Messrs. G. Tusón, F. N. Bcddek, with thc resident surgeon. There not being suffi- cient to form a ipiorum, a little desultory con- versation took place, and the meeting was adjourned until four o'clock to-inorrow (this) afternoon. Tin; second annual mooting of thc Great Western Donna Pastoral Society is to take place at Blackall, nu tho 8th July next, and a schedule of prizes to he awarded eu that occasion for stock exhibited is advertised. Thc splendid runs on thc Barcoo have hail a remarkably good season, and are luxuriantly supplied with grass and water for the winter. The rains there have been heavier of late than on thc coast, and many of the water-courses arc running tuning. It is therefore to bc expected that thc forthcoming show will be a good mic, and highlj' encouraging to stock- breeders in thc far West. WK observe by advertisement in another column that thc " Rickards Lnndnn Star <>imi<|ue Combination" will perform in the School of Arts to-morrow night instead of Saturday as previously announced. Thc pub- lished programme possesses the modem charm of variety, and the Southern papers agree in announcing Mr. Rickards a character singer thc very first in this peculiar line of " musical representation." ThiB promises well, mid in thc present dearth of amusement the "Com- bination " will doubtless meet with a hearty welcome at thc hands of thc public. Till; first three volumes of tho first news- paper published in Melbourne, thc Pori Phillip Qazeff", have been shipped on hoard thc Bangalore, consigned to thc British Museum, for which institution they have been purchased at a cost of tot), from Mr. Strode, thc original proprietor and publisher. Aiti'iimsiioi' OK POSKN'S Aiiiir.tr.-Arch- bishop Lodochovski has at last been arrested. Thc population in thc province nf Posen arc in a state of great excitement, in consequence of thc arrest. AH thc railway stations through which the special train conveying hint to his destination passed were guarded by soldiers. The archbishop is lodged in two newly furnished rooms in thc prison, which have been made as comfortable as circumstances permit. The religious question is exciting grave apprehension in tierinauy, but it is thought that thc flame is only being fanned tn facilitate, and to give Home show of necessity for thc po-ssagc of the Military Bill, which is again to bc laid liefere thc German Parliament. [Wo have since learnt by telegram that the Archbishop has been deprived of hts Sue. lin. R. B.) "DlFFKitKNT people different tastes," says the proverb. Thc Port Darwin correspondent of the South Australian lieqisfer cannot appreciate thc glories of tho " forest primeval," and thinks the gentle Cowper didn't know what he was asking for when bc sighed for "¡i bulge in some vast wilderness," tn got out of the bother and worry of wars, rumours of wars, slavery, and similar evidences of the higher civilisation. Tho enrrcspondont before mentioned wiles under «late .launary 17, as follows:--"! commence by wishing you a happy new year. Don't return the compli- ment -I can only imagine an ironical sneer on your otherwise benign countenance if you did BO. livery attempt nt being jolly m this ICdcn of Australia is a mere burlesipie - of tomfoolery there is plenty ; of true enjoyment little, if any. Gb, Billy Cowper! Billy Cowper ! if thy gentle nature could but have experienced for three mouths thc ills that Hush is heir to in this Northern Territory, with what frenzied furor? would'st thou have dashed thy pen through those nft-ipiotcil lines of thy ' Task,' *<* for a lodge in some vast wilderness,' &c;, ns the silliest wish fnr human being to desire or pen to indite. Ghost of thu depaited bard ! visit this realm. Jjook on ns puer mortals cooped up like sheep in a foul pen, cut off from civilised society, our bodies tormented with prickly beat, irritating beyond all endu- rance, and as we scratch, scratch, scratch, morning, noon, mid night ; ami scratch, scratcli, scratch till maddened nt last outright, wc tear thc flesh from our Imnos, and suffer in consequence thc worst evil of ulcerous sores. I Ghost of Billy, look at ino, if you can ace any mortal hy daylight, with my leg hound up in rags and towels ; nothing hut wounds and hruisus and putrefying sores. Go through our township, ghostly friend, and ace thc men ana women speckled like moasly babies. Look at thc pale faces, the leau bodies, the feeble gait ; look at thc many poor wretches, nerveless, helpless, that drag their fever stricken bodies through our streets, more like thc animated carcases of mummies than of living forms of the sons of South Australia. Incorporeal Billy ! look at thc dogs that lay exhausted in our roadway«, thc cocks that haven't got strength to Jump ou a rail and crow ; thc horses, like Tam O'shanters nag, more bones than flesh ; the cows that, like Miss. Dombey, haven't strength to make au effort, and bear only very tiny calves. Shade of the departed disembodied Billy ! sec our bodies covered with sores, tormented with Hies, mosquitoes, crickets, cockroaches, rats, ants, spiders, and other vermin too numerous to mention; sec us roasted by day, and parboiled in foul exudations by night ; sec us eating our bouilli, preserved vegetables, sour bread, with bad appetite and discontented minds. I'neumatoscopic Billy ! look, look on this picture, and say would st thou desire to lodge in this vast wilderness, this boundless contiguity of shade, where nothing reaches us except telegrams about twice or thrice in six months. Go thy ways, ghost, go ! better live to have our oars pained and our souls sickened with every-day reports of wrong and outrage, to mix in tho busy strife of towns that mon have made, than be banished to thc mids of tho Northern Territory, which God made to bc thc abode of blackfellows, hut not for civilis«!, domesticated, and society-loving whites. So much as a reason why 1 don't wish to bc bored with the compliments of tho season, lt would bc out of place herc." OF Australian moats Tallcrman's company reports :~During thc month of January the arrivals of preserved meats from Australia j reached 23,001 cases, thc various colonies con- j tributing as follows : Victoria, por Carlisle Castle, 327<i eases ; per Superb, 2.i48 ; per Foreningen, 2702 ; per Nimbus (a tranship- ment from the Urie), 2826; total 11,332. New South Wales, per Hawkesbury, 2041 ; per La lloguc, 5035 ; per Patriarch, 2972 ; total, 10.C55. South Australia, per Bunda- leer, 2SG ; per Glen Osmond, 422 ; total, 70S. Queensland, per Corinth, 289 ; grand total, 23,001. This quantity arriving at a time when thc demand was not so brink, has had a tendency to depress prices, which are now ls. 3Î to ls. 4d. lower in almost every line. The deliveries, although not largo, have becu at sufficient extent to prevent any serious accumulation of stocks, and as advices from Australia point to the scarcity of beef, it is anticipated that the present ratos will be maintained. Most of the shipments now arriving aro varied in description and size, preventing au accumulation of any ono item, and offering a better clinncc for disposal. For 4 lb. and fi lb. mutton, ójd. to 3Jd. may be epioted ; and for 4 lb. and <i lb. beef, Cjd., with a ready sale for larger sizes.-Rome Kens, April 10. M. lloi-HKFoirr.-Our telegrams from time to time have furnished information concerning llochcfort and his companions, escaped Communists from New Caledonia. The following additional particulars arc from thc Toma and Country Journal of April 4 : During the timo that the escaped Communists have been in Sydney, they have boen very quiet and uuobstrusivc, and have rarely appeared in Public, and thus have attracted little attention, which, considering that they played such importaut parts ill the great drama or tragedy lately enacted in one of thc greatest countries in tho world is remarkable. They have, liowcvor, visited many places of interest in Sydney, and expressed themselves as much gratified with what they have seen. A gentleman who had some conversation with M. llochcfort yesterday informs ns that he expressed himself os astonished at thc size and beauty of the city and suburbs. He had no idea that there had existed in a British colony iu so remote a portion of thc world, what ap- pealed snell marvellous cvidoiiccs of progress. Everywhere ho turns, ho says, lie sees some- thing to admire, some fresh evidence of energy, \itality, and advancement. Thc views around our harbour ami in tho environs of the city astonish as much as they please him. M. llochcfort says that beyond thc fact that such a place as Australia exists, little is known in Fi ance of the population or resources of the various colonies. He thinks that our public buildings and institutions, so far as ho call judge from their oxtcrior, aro far in advance of those in many places that have been founded for centuries, liven thc fact of so many elcgautly dressed women, and so many brilliant equipages being seen iu thc streets, is a source of wonderment. Colonists are pictured in the eyes of ordinary Frcucluncn as rough, big-bcarded, rude fellows, carving a home in a wilderness, and their wives and daughters are their domestic counterparts. He describes New Caledonia, as in comparison with Australia, a sterile, ill favoured, barbarous country, with few useful natural Îiroducts nr advantages. Thc Pcuinsula )UCOH, where he was placed, is one of the least favoured spots on the Island. He does not think it will he possible after his success- ful escapo fur any more political prisoners to get away. M. Iïochefoi-t is indignant, yet amused, at thc idea of people in a quiet com- munity like Sydney, judging so harshly of thc acts of men bke thc Communists, who were compelled to many desperate acts by famine, and actuated iu others by thc conviction that they were striving for life and liberty against au unpatriotic and tyrannical power, backed by a degraded military class. It was thc bursting of a torrent pent up for years ; a denunciation of an aruiod intolerable despotism that had ground down for years one of thc most powerful and proudest nations-a nation perhaps the most excitable in thc world. To lix odium on particular persons for deods for which no one in power could bc responsible, at a time when it was impossible for good men to act in concert, anil when confusion and dis- organisation took the place usually occupied hy order and unity, seems to him most unfair. lt was hard enough, bc thinks, to have con- trolled infuriated men ; but when women and children took up arms, und while thc streets ran with blood, and tho gutters with wine, it was scarcely possible that mon, whom necessity in the absence of any other organised power had impelled to attempt to guide popular fury, could «lo moro than thc Communist leaders did. He thinks it most unjust to judge these leaders by the un- authorised acts nnd crimes of thc infuriated masses they attempted to control. M. Hoehefort ieaves shortly for England, and will, probably, proceed from thence to Switzerland, where he will wait the turn of public affairs in France. M. llochcfort has extremely affable manners, ami is com- municative enough on all other subjects but his escape from New Caledonia. THU SKI KI-.I'.-Twenty clerks in a store, twenty hands in a printing-office, twenty approntioos in a ship-yanl, twenty young men in a village, nil want to got on in tho world, and expect to do so. One of the clerks will become a partner and make a fortune ; one of the compositors will own the newsjiapcr, and become au influential citizen ; one of thc apprentices will become a master builder : one ol' file young villagei-s will get a handsome farm, and live like a patriarch-but which is the liu-ky individual '! Lucky ! There is no luck about it. Thc thing is almost as certain ns the nile of three. The young fellow who distances his competitor is bc who masters his business, who preserves his integrity, who lives cleanly and purely, who devotes his leisure to the acquisition of knowledge, who gains friends by deserving them, and who saves his spare money. There ai-e some ways to fortune shorter than this dusty old high- way : but the staunch incu of thc community, the men who achieve something really worth having, good name ¡iud serene old agc, all go in this road. 