THE IMPENDING SWORD BY EDMUXD YATES, actbbs of- black sheep, nobody's fortuxe. Chap. IX.— A Dinner of Celebrities. Mr. Duval, punctual to his appointment, pulled up the spanking chesnuts on to their hanneh'es at Miss Montrcssor's door exactly at 1 four o'clock on the Sunday afternoon They were very spanking chesnuts indeed, and the mail phaoton glistened with varnish, and on every place on the harness where it was 'possible, massive pieces of silver-plate had been put. All this wss, of course, exag gerate , and outre, and quite foreign to Bryan Duval's good taste, but that good laSte had been swamped by a long connection with theatricals, and the wondering stares of the" public, whioh he would formerly have shrunk from, he now took delight in, and disdained no method by which they might baattraoted. The phaeton, the horses,' and the harness, the huge bear skin rug, with the French viscount's coronet, in red, elaborately dis played in one corner of it, which enwrapped Ilia I legs, the very coBtume of Mr. Duval hiniself, far more French than English, in its curly'- brimmed hat, its brilliant necktie, its 411 jean boots, with glittering tips, and its fSultleas peau de Suede gloves, all those w tee tqerely so many component parts of the general advertisement. . -When people stopped in the streot, and nidged . each other, muttering, as he could pTAjhly" see by the motion of their lips, ' that's Bryan Duval 1" the actor-author in wardly winked, chuckling . at the notoriety, and noognising the success of the perform ance, inwardly only, for ' he knew what a mistake it would have been to do away with the mysterious interest with which he was regarded " by dropping into the comedian or boffocn; and, therefore, when any public eye was on hin-q his face preserved tho look of suffering earnestness which it was ac- ustomed to wear in his stage creations. j When the garden gate was opened, at the rihg' of the very elaborate groom who had elid himself into the road beforo the horses hiid1 stopped, Miss Montressor appeared at ths.inler door of the villa — and very pretty aftd. picturesque she looked in her velvet Skirt, and her upper dress of fine gray cloth velvet, -bound and buttoned, and her small c/iic, bonnet to 'match. !'How good of you to be so punctual I" she. said, with a bright unite. i f And how : noble of you to be ready at the . appointed - time !" he cried, . from the phheton. "I will give you two extra sobs to your next tragic part as a reward." ! " .You are a horror," she said, shaking her handsome paTssol at him, "to speak of your own 'genius in that way; won't you come iUi" ' | " No, thanks," said Bryan, with a smile, whioh was so peculiar, that Miss MontresBor flushed: slightly and said, in reply : "There is no one here." '"Oh, I don't mean that!" said Duval; "and I should! not have minded in the least if there had been ; but we may as well take advantage of the brightness of the day, and bjkve a ' Stroll in Richmond Park before dinner." " Olj, that will be delightful 1" said Miss lip.ntressor. "I am perfectly ready to start at once. Justine, have I got everything?" \- Justine, who was really Jane Clark, but Who' had adopted- her present appellation from the name of a soubrette in a melo drama, replied in the affirmative, and Miss ivtontressor, having taken her place by Bryan's side, thoy drove away. The wind was cool, hut there was a bright sun, and tho road was enlivoned wi'h crowds of people, making the most of this, the first day of anything like fine weather, to escape from the dark streets to which they had been so long confined. Thoy were off to the river aide'publichouses of Putney and Mortlakc, where they would talk over the details of tho race between Oxford and Cambridge, which, bad recently been decided, or to the gjnrdeUB of Kew, where they would pant in the tropical houses, and examine, with in tense interest, the prospects of the budding tfeeB and shrub3. They were pleasure- going people, for tho most part, who were accustomed to rank the theatre as ono of their chief amusements, and who, from their hard benches in the pit, made a point of seeing any play which had a successful run at. least once. So that Bryan Duval was well known by sight to most of them, as well as to the omnibus drivers, who would lean- back, and roar in a hoarse voice behind their wash-leather gloves to the conductor : ".Know him ? Dooval, the hnetor ?" It is hot to ba supposed that jJr. Duval was unmindful of the sensation he caused. When.the - omnibus men touched their hats to him, he raised hiB own with a grave, grace ful bow ; hut even when he spoke to his companion, he still - preserved the same im pressive look upon his face. ! "You Bee, Clara, my dear," he said, with easy familiarity, though -his lips never re laxed one whit ; " you see how very effeotive this is. People often UBk mo why I keep a mail-phaeton, and a brougham, and theBe chesnuts, and all the rest of it ; they wonder I 'don't go about in a Hansom cab ; they say I should be much more independent, and it wonld 'be so much cheaper; :but indepen dently of the fact that I prefer my own hand some phaeton and comfortable brougham to any Hansom. cab, I find that the expense of ' them ' is almost met by the pur poses .'they serve as- an advertise ment. Now this drive to-day is worth to . me .considerably more than half a column ever the clock in the Times. These people would glance at that— they wouldn't read it; they never do read long advertisements — and forget all about it the next minute ; but when they go home to-night, they will say td the children who are sitting up for them, or. to the old man for whom it was too long . a walk : ' Who do you think we saw to day?' Why, Dooval, the performer, him that makes love so well, and driving such a swell - trap,' and then one or the other of them will say they haven't Been me on the sthge for some time, and wonder what. I am doing, or what pew piece I have written, dnd then they will look " out the advertise ment in the weekly paper, and you may take your oath that the money for a couple of hundred pit seats is as good as in my pocket at the 'present moment." '- . As they turned into Richmond Park, they saw approaching them, by another road, a well appointed drag, with four splendid roan ' horses, and driveh by a toll, gontlemanly- lodking man, with a wonderfully woe-begone countenance. On the box, beside him, sat ah-'- oVer- dressed young person, with blonde hair, and a- face that was blue in the snn and streaky in the shade. She was talking volubly to her companion, but none of her sallies seemed to have the slightest effect in rousiim him. j That's Laxington," said Duval, as the I two vehicles neared each other, " and Patty ' Calvert by- his side, of oorurse. - You know Laxington, don't you ? . Ah, 'then, don't be surprised, if .the. bow. which he gives yon is a very cool one; it is -as much as his life is worth , to take' notice of any other woman Mrhan. the ftur . Patty is by him. He is too much of a gentleman not to be courteous to ! everybody,' but my idea it that he has a j very bad time of it.: -And now just look at chose-, ifellows on the top of the drag. -Two j or ' threo . of them can trace their descent back to' the'Conqiiorer-i-thpugh they would- have no pull over me there — there is no hetfet blood than that of the Duvals in all France, my dear Clara, though that, perhaps, logs hot interest you — and the.' rest are the sons' of fellows .who havo nqade their money by brewing, or mining, or cerrying geods by reilway, or gome other gentlemanly occupa tion of the same kind, and yet there is not the ghost of an idea among the whole lot ! I assure yon, beyond telling a broad story, and retailing the gossip of the backstairs, they have not a word to say for themselves. Dining in their company is the hardest work I know — harder oven than it must be for you to listen to tho odoriferous protestations of Mr. Hedger's Romeo." "I can fancy it," she said, "from my little experience in that lino. But," she added, looking saucily-up at him, " what do yon do it for? I am always seeing your name in the papers as dining with swells if you dislike it so, why do you do it ?" "As a matter of business, my dear," said he, bending down, and speaking to her quietly, "because the Duvals lost all their property in the first revolution, and because the beautiful estate of Knocknabocklish, County Tipperary, which belonged to my mother's family, was long since sold in the encumbered estates' court ; because I have my own way to fight in tho world, nnd to do that I must take whatever weapon comes ready to my hand. Do you imagine that I like going to these dinners — do you think I don't know the terms on whioh I amro- ceived — as a superior Jack Pudding, a table buffoon, a breaker of that dead, dull silence, whioh, without me, or some ono equivalent to mo, would reign unrelieved throughout the whole dreary banquet. By Jove, when the thought comes over me, sometimes I am ready to start up and rush out of the place, I am so ashamed of myself for having de scended to such depths." Aud Mr. Duval sent his whip curling over the heads of the chesnuts, cauaivg them to plunge aud dart off into a mad gallop. Miss Montressor neither felt nor showed the smallest fear. Had Lord Laxington or any of his friends been her charioteer ou the occasion, she might possibly have speedily arranged au impromptu little scene ; but she knew that any such device would be thrown away upon Bryan Duval, so she merely said, "How a burst of passion suits you; you look remarkably well when you are in a rage." "Thanks, generous stranger," said Bryan, conscious that thedesrweie his sole audience, and therefore permitting himself to lapse into a grin. " It ja ages since I have let out in that way, and it will be ages before I do so again. Thank Heaven we shall have none of that sort to-day. Foster, left the in vitations in my hands, and I think I have got together rather a good party." As he spoke, they drew up to the door of the Star and Garter. Patricians as well as plebeians had taken advantage of tho bright ness of the day ; there.was a goodly show of drags and private carriages, from which tlie horses had been removed, and tho hall was filled withpersons who had eitherjustarrived, or who were waiting for other members of their party. The groom was moving slowly off with the spanking chestnuts, and Bryan Duval, with Miss Montressor on his arm, was just ascending the steps, when a gsntle- man, separating himself from a knot of per sons with whom he had been in conversation, advanced towards him — a man about the middle height, and a little under middle age, with a thick, dark, moustache, and frank, honest eyes. "What, Foster, arrived already ?" cried Bryan Duval. "This is delightful. You know Miss Montressor, I beliovo ?" " Miss Montressor's reputation was fami liar to me before I left my own country," snid Mr. Foster, raising his hat, "nnd I have had the pleasure of becoming per sonally acquainted with her sinco lay arrival hero." " Very prettily said, Foster," said Bryan Duval, as they shook hands. " Wo came down cinly, in order that we might have a stroll in the park before dinner, and get au appetite for all your good things." " That's just what I proposed myself," said Mr. Foster. " I was naming it to our friends when you drew up. Let's join them and we will all go together." They passed through the house into the garden, where some ten or a dozen people were gathered together on the lawn. There, in a loose, brown overcoat, with heavy fnr collar aud cuff's, bell- crowned hat, fashion ably cut trousers, and patent leather boots, was Pierrofouda, the celebrated dramatist, the man who had first introduced burlesque to the English stage — not the music liall and break-down ribaldry of the present day, but a combination of polished verse, of Attic wit, and French illusion, which some years ago had made the fortunes of the Parthenon Theatre, and mainly helped to establish the evil reputation of Madame Vaurien, its directress. Pierrefonds' bodily strength is not so great as in those days ; his back i3 a little bowed, and his walk is somewhat shaky ; but lie is as quick brained jn his work, and as clover at tongue fence, as when the public thronged the pit to roar at his puns, and the brightest spirits of the day gathered hi the green-room to revel in his repartee. The heavily-built, heavy- browed man with the dark red heard, dressed in a suit of dark gray, with his hands in villainous, mauve-colored gloves, clasped behind his back, is Bob Spate, whose sparkling little comedies have in the last few years made he fortune of the little Imperial Theatre, and who is, perhaps, at the present time the most popular dramatist in England. He is a sad man, sparing of his speech, and more sparing of his smile, giving one the idea either of being fond of solitude, or unaccus tomed to, and uncomfortable in the style of company in which he found himself. People who did not know his story, won dered at such a successful man, wondered how one on whom the world's favor shone so brightly could be so melancholy, almost so morose. They did not know that years ago, when the Imperial Theatre was called " Higgs's Hall of Amusement," Bob Spate, then a young man, had written several of the comedies whioh had since so entranced the world, and had hawked them about hero and there to London and provincial mana gers, always receiving them back upon his handB with a half civil, half contemptuous refusal. How was he, thoy argued, who was only a fifth-rate actor, at £1 a week, to bo able to write a comedy, or even, could he do so, what benefit could they reap by the nroduction of tho work of an unknown man ? So Bob Spate struggled and struggled in . poverty, in sickness, and ofttimes in hunger ; struggled on, and saw his wife die, and his children shrunken, and wan nod ailing, with the bitter knowledge that what he had written was better than nine-tenths of what he saw so highly paid for, bnt with the conviction tliat fate was against him. .When bright little Lotty Bennett made her first attempt at establishing herself in life, and taking the dirty old Higgs's Hall, changed it into the. bright Imperial, she thought, that, as Bhe herself was new in management, and she had a new cempuny of- actors, she - might try a new author, and remembering Bob Spate, who bad been an old friend of hers, and in whose energy and talent she had always faith, produced one of his comedies on her opening night. The success was immense, and from that time Bob Spate's fortune was made; wealth is his now, and honor and such position as! he chooses to take. What are they to him ? Can they bring back to him tho wife of his youth, whom he saw die by bis side, not from' actual starvation, indeed, but from lack of such necessaries as her delicate condition required ? ; Can thoy efface from his mind tho .privations suffered by his children and himself? Can they bring back to him the youthful energy, the sanguine hope, the bright happy view of his life so long since fled ? I trow not. It is no wonder t me that Bob Spate is grave and reticent. Anything but grave and reticent, how ever, is the gentleman standing next tohim. Mr. OrlandoBonnoe is the youngest of eMcrly gentlemen, the brightest, cheeriest, emptiest rattletrap who for half a century has been acting light lovers and dashing roues, aud who, if rumor is to he believed, has, during the samo period, played the very same parts in private life. Old- fashioned is a sad epithet, but it is really applicable to Mr. Orlando Bounce ; the peculiar roll of his blue-black hair, the peculiar side-cock of his shiny hat, his swinging gait, the elaborate mo tions of his arms, all theso aro essen tially old-fashioned, nnd when ho bonds in his baok and throws out his right arm and right leg with studied grace, you are reminded <>f Charles Surface, Captain Absolute, and all the riotous swaggering young heroes of the comedies of those days. Before the arrival of Miss Montressor he has been paying great attention to the two ladies between whom he was standing, but they neither of them seemed to bo much impressed by his attention. "Get along, 'Lando, you are altvoys talking such stuff," iB what one of them says to him. These are Rose and Blanche Wogsby, daughters of old Wogsby, manager of tho northern circuit, and prime favorites in London. There is an ex traordinary difference in their appearance ; Blanche is very fair, with light blue eyes and delicate skin, nnd a pretty bud of n mouth ; Hose is tnll and angular nnd swar thy, with dark hair, a strong jaw, and an underhanging lip — Blanche is a fool, Dose a remarkably clover girl. "Blanche Wogsby is a fool," frankly remarks Mr. Wuff, the great theatrical impressario. " But she is always safe for a dozen stalls a night from the young fellas who aro spoonov about her; but when it comes to the question of the tear-and tatters fakement, when you want the real grit aud no mistake about it, you must go to Rose. She will turn out a regular liacbel, you may depend upon it !" Mr. Wuff' pronounced this word like the lady who refused to be comforted, but meant to allude to the great French actress. All present, both ladies and gentlemen, were, or seemed to be, greatly delighted at the now arrival — Bryan Duval was a general favorite — he was so kind and good-natured, 90 ready to lend any of his colleagues a help ing hand, that they even forgave him his success. Miss Montressor was popular too, considering 1ior urettiness, and the position she had won for herself, more espeoially popular just at this moment, for the news of her American engagement had got wind, and it was feit that she would be out of all competitors' way for some time to come. When the first greetings were over Bryan Duval proposed that they should stroll to wards the park, and thither they all repaired, Mr, Foster offering his arm to Miss Mont ressor, and remaining at some little distance behind the others. . . "Do you know," said he, "that I am really very glad to have made your acquaint ance — no, no," he added, quickly, as she looked up in his face, and smiled rather maliciously, " when I say so, it is not tbe ordinary compliment which you evidently imagine it to bo — when you knew me bettor you will find I am not given to paying compliments, and . that I invariably mean what I say." " I am glad to hear it in this case, at all events," said Miss Montressor, with a little bow. "It is the case," ho said. "I felt inter ested in you long before I saw you. The fact is, Miss Montressor, I am a very busy man, far more immersed in business, en vironed by it, and tied down to it, than any of the gentlemen whom 1 have met here, and who aro called your 'City men,' and wlion I am at home in New York, the one relaxation I allow myself is the theatre." This mail was a new experience to Miss Montressor, so far, more earnest and digni fied than the usual run of her associates. She tried to fall into his vein, and said qnietly : " I can understand its being a great re - sortee to yon." " It is a great relief," he replied, " in en abling me to throw off, for a time, at least, the dull cares and worries, and to fill my mind with pictures and stories sufficiently absorbing .to prevent its straying to Wall- street and its ties. I have the pleasure; of acquaintance with Mr. Leoiiurd Scrbski — you have heard of him ?" " Certainly," said Miss Montressor "he is tbe son of old James Serbski, who was so great, in the. Bundit, and whose portrait hangs in all the theatrical print shops — is he not?" " The Bame," replied Mr. Foster, "a very handsome and gentlemanly fellow, and a very good actor. He has heard of you, too, not merely through the medium of the English theatrical newspapers, but from peo ple who have seen you, and has more than once mentioned your name to me." Miss Montressor was delighted with the compliment, under which she purred like a cat. "1 had no idea," she said, raising her eyebrows, and throwing an expression of childish incrednlity, which she knew was very becoming, into her face, " I had no idea that anybody In America had ever heard of poor little me ; I thought I was going out there entirely unknown, aud that I should have great difficulty in making my way." " You wiU find that you have happily de ceived yourself,", said Mr. Foster, with a smile. " You will find that we Americans have a much livelier and deeper interest in all matters appertaining to literature aud art than our more sober cousins on this side the Atlantic, that oil artists of any reputation are know to us, and that when they come to our shores they may bo certain of. a right hearty welcome." " I am very glad . to hear you say. so," said Miss Montressor, " and I only -wish — it is a selfish thing to say, is it not — that chance hnd sent you baok to New York be fore our arrival, that I might be certain of having at least one personal friend." "It would have delighted me to have been of service to you, and, perbops, I may even yet have the opportunity. When do you sail ? " " I think Mr, Duval mentioned the Cuba as the name of the vessel in which our pas sage was engaged." "The Cuba," repeated Mr. Foster. ."I am almost afraid that I shall be unable to get hock by her, although I have made such progress in the business which brought me over here — business you see, again/ Miss Montressor — that I - think it will not be necessary for me to remain in England so long as I at first anticipated." " If you were a married man, Mr. Foster, that would; I imagine, be very pleasant news to Bome one who is, what you coll, ' on the other side.' " j V " If I were a married man," he exclaimed, with a laugh. " Why, do you mean to soy, Miss Montresser, that you have any doubt on the subject ?" " Well, yon certainly have what I may coll a family look about you," she said, cast ing a careless glance over him; but as I have never heard you mention your wife, I con cluded you were a bachelor." " I take it as a compliment," he said, with another laugh, but' this time more nervously and more seriously than before ; "or, rather as a credit to myself, that even in the two short interviews which we have had since I made your acquaintance, I have not said something about my wife. It is the humor of most of my friends in New York to say that— excepting business matters, of course, where I never permit any domesfio thoughts to intrude — that Helen's 'name is scarcely ever out of my mouth." "And;quite right, too," said Miss Mon tressor. "I detest a man who is married and ashamed of it, and who, when away from home, goes about, as it were, sailing uudor false colors. And so Mrs. Foster is called Hclcu ? It is a very pretty name." "And she is a very pretty woman," said Foster, enthusiastically; "and not merely that, but the best and dearest littlo woman in tlio world. Here," he added, plunging his hand iuto his waistcoat pocket, and taking out from thence his watch, " here is her portrait." As he spoke, ho placed tho watch iu Miss Mentressor's hand. Miss Montressor took tho watch, and looked at its back, which was merely of engine turned gold ; then she pressed her fingers all round, in search of some hidden spring, but, finding none, shook her head blankly, and gave it back to ber companion. "I can see no portrait," she said, half pettishly. "Of course not," snid he, with a laugh. " You would not have me carry such a trea sure' as that for everyone to see whenever 1 wanted to know the time. There," he- added, a:i tho spring flew hack and re vealed the miniature; " uow you sec my darling." " What a sweet face?" cried Miss Mon tressor, clapping her hands; "so soft and pensive lmd loving 1 I don't wonder at your being fond of her, Mr. Foster, or being anxious to got back to her !'' "She is all that you say," cried Mr. Foster, " aud more, God bless her." "It is quite refreshing, in theso times of separation aud divorce courts and all that sort of thing," said Miss Montressor, " to find such regular spoouinesa existing between a married couple. But if you .'ire so fond of each other, why on earth didn't j ou bring her with you ?" " Didn't I tell you that I came over hero on business, aud that I never allowed even Helen to interfere with me when I am so engaged ? Besides, she could not leave the child, iv:: eh is, indeed," said Mr. Foster, "the sweetest null moat engaging " .' "Yes," interrupted Miss Montressor; " you may spare your rhapsodies about him or her or it. I don't go in for babies." ' ' I am sure you would feel interested in her, if you only saw her ; not merely is she the prettiest, tiniest mite, but she would move your sympathy for her bail health. " " It has bad health, has it ? ' asked bliss Montressor, carelessly. " Very bad," replied Foster. "My wife's strength is scarcely equal to the diseharge of her maternal duties, and she has had to engage a wet-qurse for the little one." "I hate wet-nurses," snid Miss Mon tressor, shortly. '.'They are not generally very trust worthy," said Foster, "but from a letter I have here (producing one from his breast- pooket, and opening it), we seem to have found an exceptional treasure. Helen writes me" in the strongest terms of the respect ability of Mrs. Jenkins." "Mrs. Jeiikins ?" replied Miss Montressor, pricking up her ears. " Who is she?" The wet nurse of whom I have just spoken to you. You ought to have a kindly feeling towards her, for Helen tells me .that she is au Englishwoman, and married to an Eiurlislimau for some time settled in New York." An instantaneous gloom spread over Miss Montressor's face, and she walked on by her companion's side iu silence. Mrs. Jenkins ? The name was common 'enough among English people, and yet a horrible feeling of fear crept over tho young woman, who chose to call herself Clara Montressor, a feeling of fear lest this Mrs. Jenkins, now occupying the situation of wet-nurse in Mr. Foster's family, should be none other than her own sister Bess. She had not heard from Bess for months, but tho lastlottor was dated from New York, and spoke of tlie shifty hand-to-mouth ex istence which she aud her husband wero leading. Could it be possible that they could have fallen so low, that poverty could have come upon them so rapidly as to induce her to undertake such a menial position ? Was her husband dead ? could he have deserted her ! or what was the cause of her sudden collapse ? The more she thought over this matter the more angry and impatient she grew ; and Mr. Foster, noting her pro-occupation, thought it best not to attempt to renew the conversation just then. Did ever anything happen so unfortu nately ? At any other time it would not have mattered in the least. Between BeBS Jenkins, the wet-nurse in New York, and Clara Montressor, tho theatrical star in London, there was a great gulf fixed ; but when the tbeutrieal star shifted its orbit to the city where her humble relation was living, the latter would naturally and .un doubtedly proclaim to the world the family tie existing between them, and endeavor to make the most of it to aid her fallen for tunes. What should she do, what should she dof ? The saturnine face of Mr. Dolby rose before her mind in u minuto. How should she treat him in' regard to this matter? Cer tainly not tell him, for niore reasons than one. He would be the last man in tho world from whom she would receive any sympathy, aud besides, she does not choese to ' let him know the fact of the relationship. To wards him, then, she would preserve abso lute silence ; and a little further reflection decided her that her best plan was to wait, become better acquainted with Mr. Foster, and if she found him the good ' and honest man which, from her slight acquaintance with him, she faucied him to be — for even with her associates, and her experience of the world, she still believed in goodness and honesty — perhaps tell him tho truth, and net his help in suppressing it. Yes, that was the course she would take, and having de termined on it, she put the subject aside, aud looked up at her companion as though to say she were ready to renew the conversa tion. " How pensive you have been," said Mr. Foster, earnestly. " I did not like to break in upon your reverie." . "Iam very much obliged to you for leav ing me to myself for thoso few moments," she said, with a laugh; "it doesn't Bound complimentary, but it is true. You see I am, about to take what may be a rather serious step in my life, for if I succeed in America my career is certain, and if I fail, it may be wrecked, Dot merely there but here — ill news travels apace, and it would soon be known that the London star, hod made a fiasco." " '"Even then," former experiences prove tlmt 'your compatriots would Tethin . their opinion of their favorite, and decline ' to accept our verdict," said Mr. Foster. " How ever, you need not be under any apprehen sions of the srt ; as:I told you before,, you are sure to succeed." . . ! ."I have great faith in. Bryan Duval," said Miss Montressor, "and -full reliance upon his'generalship — he is popular, too, in New York, I understand." Very popular indeed," said Mr. Foster, "he has achieved what is rather difficult there — a society reputation. This reputa tion he apparently wants to extend, for ho has asked me for an introduction to my wife." " And you have given it to him ?" " Well, no," said Mr. Foster, rather con: fusedly. " There are — there are some rea sons why 1 could not do so conveniently — in writing, I mean. Of course I should be only too glad that both he and you should know Mrs.— Mrs. Foster ; but I prefer waitlhg to introduce you personally on my arrival in New York. In case I cannot — there is yet a chance— of my leaving by the same steamer. I see tbe ottioi-s are making for tbe hotel, and I suppose, in my eapaoity of host, I ought to be the first there." It was a very good dinner, and went oil remarkably well. In addition to tho com pany already named, thoro were present Mr. Wuff, the cclobratod manager of the Great National Theatre, which was supposed to bo devoted to the legitimate drama, and where tho performances at present consisted in a short farce, followod by a long " Oriental spectacular burlesque," introducing horses, elephants, cainols, and dancing- womon ; Vis count ICoolcse, who was supposed to 1)0 raining himself for Mademoiselle Petitpois, who brought with him his friend, Captain Clinker, tho well-known gontleman rider, who said nothing, but whenever he was amused hissed loudly through his teeth, as though he wore cleaning a horse, a sound which seemed very un pleasant to the theatrical people present. There was another mnnager, too, Mr. Hodg- kinson. of the " Varieties," who kept up a running file of argument throughout the dinner with Bryan Duval ; the actor- author — whether he believed it or not — maintaining that the drama should be the school of poetry and refinement, aud that all the theatrical entertainments should bo made with a view to that end, seutimeuts which Mr. Hodgkinson violently pooh-poohed, declaring that his chief aim was to give whatever amusement paid the best . " Let him have it," said Mr. Hodgkinson, who prided liimseif on being an eminently liraetioal man, striking his fist upon the table : " dogs and monkeys, Shakespeare, tlie 'Perfect Cure,' Torn Mugger, ill four farces a niglit, or old Bounce, here, as Charles Surface, and all the rest of the Sheridan fakement — and the public is always wanting one or other of them— and my notion is, give tliein all a turn." Mr. Foster had placed Miss Montressor on his right hand, and though there was, of course, no opportunity and no occasion for returning to the subjects whioh had been touched upon in the Park, ho kept up n constant conversation with her. When the party was about breaking up, ho proposed tlint she should return to town in his Vic toria, where, as the night was somewhat cold, she would be wanner aud . more com fortable than in Bryan Duval's phaeton. Miss Montressor gladly accepted the Offer, and, of course, :\lr. JJu vat made nodimeulty. Ho would, ho thought, propose to drive Blanche Wogsby home, and take the oppor tunity of finding out whether she was really sneh a fool as she looked, or whether there would be any use in writing a part for her. So the party broke up and the guests dis persed, and Bryan Duval, in taking fare- well of Miss Montressor, told her that if the letters which he expected in the morning arrived, he should be able to let her know for certain the day of soiling for New York. "It hp been a delightful day, Mr. Foster," said the actress, as they drove homewards, "and I have enjoyed it im mensely. Will you be able to give us any such outings in America." " I hope man- such," said Mr. Foster ; "but unless you take more care of yourself, I fear you will not be there to enjoy them. Seriously, your English spring weather is proverbially treacherous, and the wind to: night has a touch of cast in it which should induce you to wrap your shawl move closely round you." "I want to wrap myself up," said Miss Montressor, justly estimating the truth of his words, "for I am particularly suscep tible to cold, but I cannot for this bothering pin." " What is the matter with the pin ?" said Mr. Foster, laughing. " It is not half strong enough to hold the shawl together. I cannot imagine how Jus tine sent me out with sneh a stupid thing." "Perhaps this will prove more effectual," snid Mr. Foster, taking the breast- pin from his cravat and offering it to her. "Thanks, very much," she cried, accept ing it with great readiness. " What a very pretty pin — I love these cameoB, and this is such a good-looking boy, with a straight nose and a queer cap on his head 1" "A Phrygian cap," said Mr. Foster, laughiug. "It is a head of Ganymede. 1 had it set as a pin, I thought it so hand some." "Do you mean to say you brought it with you from Phrygia, or wherever it is ?" asked the actress, who wa3 vague in her geo graphy. "No, no," said Mr. Foster, laughing still more, " but it was a sleeve-link when I first found it among my clothes, when I opened my portmanteau in London. I suppose it belonged to my wife, as she is fond of such tilings, and was put up with my things by accident." The shawl comfortably pinned around her, Miss Montressor settled herself down to her corner, and neither she nor her companion spoke much more, each being occupied with their own reflections. But when Mr. Foster took leave of her, he reminded her of Bryan Duval's last words, and told her that if he were prevented from sailing in the Cuba, ho should certainly accompany tbe theatrical party down to Liverpool aud take leave of them on board. 