Ehglish JVLail. HOME ITEMS. The adoption of the Romish faith by a leading member of the late Gladstone Administration, has been the subject of much painful com ment. The Earl of Ripon, having been long an unstable member of the Reformed Church of England, has at last submitted his faith to the control of the Romish hierarchy. The Order of Freemasonry has ever been under the especial ban of the Papacy, which tolerates but one secret society, that of the Jesuits. The Jesuits probably hate Freemasonry all the more because it knows no distinction of- creed, and counts amongst its members crowned heads and princes of the blood in Europe, as well as Arab chiefs and Eastern merchants in Asia, The fact that the Papacy has always fulminated, its anathemas against Freemasonry, seems to indicate that in countries under the tyranny of Rome it has been an asylum for men who did not dare openly to protest against its maxims or its authority. The Times says : — Lord Ripon is, no doubt, the most conspicuous illustration yet furnished of the force of some temptations which at the present day Roman Catholicism holds out even to intelligent minds. There are men who enter with enthusiasm at the outset of life into the specula tions and visions of modern discovery, who are intoxicated by their novelty and attracted by their promises. But they discover after a while that they are being led into regions they had never contem plated, and they become alarmed when they suddenly find them selves in mid-air on the face of some difficult slope. . . Minds may, in fact, be divided into those which can and those which cannot stand alone, and there is a large class who are born to be governed, mentally and morally. If they happen to fall under healthy govern ment, all is well ; but if not, if they get loosed from their old moor ings and find themselves drifting, they are at the mercy of the first pilot who will jump on board and seize the helm. It is the strength of the Roman Catholic clergy that they are always ready to under take this responsibility, but it is not every day that they find so good a ship drifting as the Marquis of Ripon. It is a melancholy spectacle ; but it indicates a weakness which is not an English characteristic ; and, though we may grudge to the Roman Catholic clergy Lord Papon's wealth and such social influence as he may retain, we may' be sure that the material advantages he may bring to them will be their only acquisition. Fountains Abbey passes once more into Roman Catholic hands, but it is not the defection of a stray peer which will undermine the steady devotion of the English mind to a free and independent career of religious and political development. It is understood that the Marchioness of Eipon and young Earl de Grey do not accompany the Marquis in his spiritual emigration to Rome. Protests Against the Belfast Addresses. — In Belfast itself the recent materialistic addresses of Professors Tyndall and Huxley formed the main theme of the sermons the following Sunday, . both in the Episcopal and Presbyterian pulpits. The Standard corre spondent says that ' many of these addresses display high talent.' The Rev. Hugh Hanna is said to have concluded his sermon with ' a very impressive application. The church was filled, and the congregation manifested the deepest interest in the discourse.' The Bishop of Manchester referred to the matter in the sermon at the consecration of a new church at Higham, near Burnley. No doubt, he said, those thoughts which had recently been uttered to the world at the British Association, had found their way even to a village like Higham ; and what had they got to tell ? Science had got to tell him this for his comfort, edification, and improvement, that if he looked backwards — he was not to look forward, for that was dark and blank — as far as he looked back he found himself material, and nothing else, and there came a point beyond which a man could not look, and he plunged into an abyss of theory, and there he saw some thing called a little fine granular albumen, and that was the origin of all things living — for aught he knew, of God Himself. But had they got no hopes in looking forward to the future ? If philosophers could tell them something of what they had to look forward to, he thought philosophy would be something to look forward to. But it did not help them there. They wanted philosophy to account for those aspirations and yearnings after a future life with which they felt their hearts were moved at times. They wanted philosophy to tell them what that sense of responsibility meant with which they were burdened sometimes. The philosophy of Lucretius was that there could not be a world to come ; and UUilO YYitB YYJUaiU WC WBiC H/SlieU. IjU tlUUcpU UUYY. JLJUU YYGJ.G VVO here for nothing but to find thefine granular albumen which developed into ourselves ? Was there no future ? Was there nothing In the world to answer to these hopes, these doubts, these yearnings ? Had they been believing in vain ? Had Paul no ground to go upon when he said, ' I know and am persuaded,' &o.;? Materialising men of science would tell them they need not struggle against the power of evil in the world or in themselves. Indeed, if he was merely the result of certain material combinations of organisation, if that was all, he did not see how there could be such a thing as evil at all. Of course, there could be no responsibility, no immortality of the soul upon such a theory. But the noblest and greatest men that ever lived in this world had felt inexplicable yearnings that something would come after them. One heathen said, ' I see better things and love them.' Socrates said, ' I go my way, and you go yours ; I to die. Whether yours is going the better way no human tongue can tell.' He did believe in a world to come, but he believed, with trembling. The evidence of it was not so certain as he desired it to be. And so it was with the heathen until the Gospel came to supply it. Men of science would admit that Paiil was one of the noblest of men that ever lived. Lord Lyttelton wrote a treatise, in which he said they might venture to throw the whole evidence of Christianity on the life of Paul. But Paul pictured a strife, a warfare, a law of_ sin, degrading, vile, corrupting:, bringing him into subjection, until he cried out, ' Oh, wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death ?' But if they followed him they found that Paul felt there was one who lived in him, and in whom he lived. And so, on the evidence of what the Spirit of God could do and had done for mankind, they still believed in Christianity. The material istic doctrines which were now being so loudly proclaimed were as dangerous to society as they were to religion. They seem to him to be utterly fatal to human responsibility, and if they could get men and women to throw off the idea of responsibility, there must be an end to government, to law, to order, as well as an end to truth and righteousness. Congress op Orientalists. — The recent meeting of Orientalists in London is a feature of interest in the scientific and literary history of the world. Such a congress of students from all parts of the globe has never been held here before, and would have been impos sible in any age previous to our own. It implies not only a familiar intercourse between nation and nation, and an interchange of thought at once so frank and so rapid, as. to draw the ends of the world, toge ther.rin intellectual as well as in material neighbourhood; /but it implies also the growth of common tastes and objects so strong as to link -together in acknowledged brotherhood men who would appear tq'ybe,.in the whole range of their sympathies, far asunder as the antipodes. The interest of Oriental antiquities and literature has formed a new class of learned men, which gathers its .disciples equally from East and West, and is recognised and honoured as a distinct class in the greatest city of the world. The idea of a con ference, of all who are engaged or are interested in, the study of Eastern literature and art originated with M. Leon de Rosny, who presided at the meeting at Paris which was held last year. That meeting was only a comparative success. It was attended more numerously than had been anticipated ; but many eminent scholars, particularly the scholars of Germany, failed to honour it by their presence ; and it remained for the large and influential assembly which crowded the meetings of the several sections this year fully to inaugurate the scheme, and to make it a full and perfect success. 'The real and permanent use of these scientific gatherings,' as Professor Max Muller remarked in his brilliant address as president of-jthe Aryan section, ' is twofold. They enable us to take stock, to compare notes, to see where we are, and to find out where we ought to be going. They give us an opportunity, from time to time, to tell the world where we are, what we have been doing for the world, and what, in return, we expect the world to do for us. Such meet ings,' he added, 'bringing together so large a number of the first Oriental scholars of Europe, seem a most excellent safeguard against the danger of mistaking the means for the end — of working for ourselves, instead of working for others.' ?-THIBET OF THE ORIENTAL CONGRESS TO THE BlBLE SOCIETY'S HOUSE.— The members of the Oriental Congress were invited to visit the library of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The Jacobite Patriarch of Antioch was present, and was accompanied by the Bishop of Jerusalem. The Eev. R. B. Girdlestone, the superintendent of the Translation Department, took the learned assembly round the room, anil explained the contents of the different cases. Deep interest was taken in the examination of the rich treasures which the library con tains'.; and eager, if not covetous eyes, gazed on such books as Caverdale's Bible of 1535 (just added to the collection), Matthew's Bible of 1537, Bishop BedelVs Irish Bible, the first Welsh New Testament; the celebrated French Bible Historice, the pre-Lutheran Gennan versions, Luther's Edition of the Bible of 1545 (being the last edited by him), a Latin Vulgate of A.D. 1479, the first Grcelt Testament, the first Septuagint, an ancient Spanish Bible in Gothic ? characters, &c.;, &c.; Last year the Society received a diploma and medal from the Oriental Congress, assembled in Paris, in considera tion of its services in the way of Oriental printing; and in conse quence of this distinction, the attention of the Company was specially directed on the present occasion to some of the Society's latest Eastern editions, such as the Tamil Bible, the first Chinese IVeiv Testament, with marginal references, the Japanese Gospels, and the Revised Amharic Scriptures. Some of the party took special note of the numerous Indian languages into which translations have been made; others, of the South Sea languages ; others, again, looked with amaze ment at the long words in the North American Indian versions ; whilst the celebrated Palimpsest, called the Codex Zacynthius, and other ancient manuscripts, were evidently favourite studies to a few of; the litter ati. An impression was evidently made upon these ?learned men that whilst the Congress was studying knotty points of literary and ethnological interest, the British and Foreign Bible Society was practically solving them. There they found them selves in the midst of a perfect profusion of foreign literature in some 250 languages, not the work of professors, but of missionaries, not intended to throw light on heathen customs, but meant, to give the light of the Gospel to the heathens themselves. As for the venerable patriarch, he sat down and contemplated the scene with silent wonder. Book after book was brought to him to look at. He was very much struck with the mode of reading Chinese down in columns, and at first shook his head as if he doubted whether his informants were not deceiving him. But nothing seemed to delight him so much as Walton's Polyglot. There he saw, side by side, Hebrew and G-reek, and Latin, and Arabic, and his own sacred Syriac. On leaving, he shook hands warmly with the secretaries and Mr. (iircliestone, and praised God for all he had seen and heard. Certainly the library of the Bible Society seldom heard such a babel of tongues as that which echoed round its walls on this occasion. There were Englishmen, Americans, Frenchmen, Germans, Italians, mitred Syrians, and turbaned Indians, most o; whom were brought together by their interest in one common object —viz., the study of language ; but many of them must have left the room containing this unique collection of Bibles with the deep feeling in their minds that the Word of God, which is now read in 250 languages, is indeed a living force in the world, and that it is reaching men's hearts, and influencing their lives, as no merely human book could do. Patriarch of Antioch. — The Ailiencewn makes the remark that it is characteristic of the primitive character of Syrian Christianity, that both His Holiness the Patriarch of Antioch and the Bishop of Jerusalem, who arrived in this country the other day, have come without scrip or purse for their journey, and whilst here will be the guests, we believe, of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel and the Church Missionary Society. His Holiness seeks the form of recognition by our Government of his Patriarchate over the Syrian Christians (Jacobite) of Malabar, in India. He has obtained the firman of the Porte acknowledging him as head of the Syrians in Turkey, and brings that document with him. There can be no doubt that the ' Christians of St. Thomas,' in Malabar, regard him as their spiritual chief, all the parties there admitting his authority ; but whether all would continue to do so were he, in the exercise of his supremacy, to attempt to call the episcopate to order among them, is questionable. On the Sunday after the harvest festival, the Patri arch of Antioch attended divine service at the parish church of, Hammersmith (which, was beautifully decorated), and was present at the afternoon, special service. : His , Holiness was , met. at the north door by the Rev. E. H. Blyth, the vicar, and the Rev.H. Hayman. There were assembled between 600 and 700, children belonging to the various parochial schools. . After an address by the 'Vicar, the. Patei arch, blessed^tiem from the altar rails. A translation of his blessing was then read, and the large congregation separated. , ? . Association for Promoting- the Unit? of Christendom.— The visits of Greek Patriarchs are interesting in their way, but it is not quite clear that union with the Oriental churches is such as we English Protestants can desire. It is significant that in connection with the Association for Promoting the Unity of Christendom, Dr. F. G. Lee, who preached on the subject, stated that the association now comprised between . seventeen and eighteen thousand persons. Referring to recent events, the Rev. Doctor boldly denounced the English Bishops as traitors to the church and to God, inasmuch as they had deliberately handed over their spiritual jurisdiction to a lay lawyer. The whole matter, however, would be thoroughly fought out, very much, probably, to the astonishment of the Archbishops and Bishops ; and it might safely be prophesied that it would be a long time before peace was restored to the English Church. It would appear that the extreme advocates of the A.P.U.C. would purchase union with the churches of the East and West at the cost of Anglican disruption. - Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone on Ritualism.— Mr. Gladstone's Contewtyoray Review article on Ritualism contains one specially Striking passage. The late Premier declares that attempts to Romanise the church and people of England are visionary, He says ' that at no time since the bloody reign of Mary has such a scheme been possible. But,' he adds, ' if it had been possible in the seven teenth or eighteenth centuries, it would still have been impossible in the nineteenth, when Rome has substituted for the proud boast semper eadem a policy of violence and a change of faith ; when she has refurbished and paraded anew every rusty tool she was finally thought to have disused ; when no one can become a convert without renouncing his moral and mental freedom, and placing his civil loyalty and duty at the mercy of another, and when she has equally repudiated modern thought and ancient history.' Eucharistic Vestments and the Eastward Position. — A large numoer or signatures nave oeen obtained, irom tae clergy ot all ranks, and inclusive of many high churchmen, in response to a circular, in which the case is thus stated : — Five Bishops, speaking in the Southern Convocation, upon July 8th, 9th, and 10th, 1874, advocated the permission of a distinctive Eucharistic dress for the parochial clergy, and the matter was referred to a committee of the whole House for consideration. The debate was initiated by the presentation of a petition, which was founded upon a ' Declara tion on Ceremonial,' drawn up at All Saints', Margaret-street. This declaration, said to be signed by nearly 1000 clerymen, has been circulated by post among the clergy. It is printed in the Guardian for June 3rd, on pages 701-2. In the same paper appears, not for the first time, a 'Declaration against Rigid Uniformity,' which, having been issued from the Deanery of St. Paul's, has been signed by four bishops, three deans, five archdeacons, and about 900 of the clergy. It advocates permission of the eastward position and of a distinctive Eucharistic dress, yet it is signed by many who, although using the eastward position, have never used the distinctive vestment. . Among the names appended to it are those of nearly half the members of a committee appointed by the Southern Convocation to consider this matter I With such assistance, if the bulk of the clergy remain silent, the advocates of Eucharistic vestments will probably obtain the sanction of the Church of England for then1 use in parish churches. Would not such sanction cause most serious divisions within the church, and give a powerful weapon of . offence to her external foes ? The subjoined is a copy of the address :— ' To the Most Reverend the Archbishops and the Right Reverend the Bishops of the Church of England — We, the undersigned clergy of the Church of England, have learned, with great concern, that the issuing of the Queen's Letters of Business to Convocation has led to a movement for obtain ing authoritative sanction for the use of the eastward position, and of a distinctive Eucharistic dress by the clergy, when officiating at the administration of the Lord's Supper. This use is avowedly, by many persons, desired as typifying and implying such a sacrifice in the celebration of the Holy Communion, and such a sacrificial character in the Christian priesthood, as we believe are not in accordance with the teaching or the Liturgy and Articles of the Church of England. We beg leave to represent that such doctrines should not be inculcated, by symbolical acts and things, in a service which is intended to form a common ground whereon all churchmen may meet ' in perfect charity.' We should therefore deeply deplore any fresh legislation whereby authoritative sanction might be given to such use of the eastward position, and of a distinctive Eucharistic dress.' The Ten Days' Conference at Oxford. — The Rev. Mr. Chris topher, of St. Aldate's Church, Oxford, has been much blamed for in viting the American evangelist, Mr. Pearsall Smith, to the conference which he promoted, the theology of Mr. Smith not being such as would bear a rigid scrutiny. He writes : — My heart has been full of praise during and since the Oxford conference, because God so graciously led me to help in this good work. Twice did I refuse very decidedly to invite Mr. Pearsall Smith to Oxford during term time. But I went to Canterbury to stay with the Dean, and to preach to the conference of the Christian League and Systematic Beneficence Society, over which he presided. At this conference I unexpectedly met and heard Mr. Pearsall Smith. After hearing his address and conversing with him, the Dean and I became convinced that he is a true servant of God, used and blessed by Him who divides ' to every nutn severally as He will ;' and althotigh I decidedly think that some portions of his books require re- writing, and I know that he intends to re- write them as soon as he is clear of engrossing engage ments, I am assured that God is using him to lead thousands of Christians to yield themselves more fully in faith to the Lord Jesus Christ, to glorify Him in a holier life, in one more fruitful in good works. I felt it to be a duty, at any cost of reputation, to try to do . justice to this American brother, and therefore requested the Dean to write me his opinion of his teaching, and, with permission, I printed this, and some extracts, to which I afterwards added a reprint of ' Prove all Things,' a very frank and satisfactory article by Mr. Pearsall Smith, published in the February number of the Pathway of Power. I sent a number of copies of this paper to the Right Hon. Cowper-Temple during the latter days of the conference, at his country seat, Broadlands. So great a blessing was enjoyed by many of those who attended this private meeting, that the Christians there felt that a conference should be held at some central town, which should be open to all Christians who were inclined to attend it. After prayer, Mr. Stevenson Blackwood suggested Oxford, which is central, and during the long vacation abounds in empty lodging houses, as no University men are then in residence. Mr. Pearsall Smith at once came to Oxford, and called on me. I did then what I hope to do always, I asked the Lord to guide me, and trusted Him to do so. After prayer I felt certain that it would not please the Lord Jesus for me to refuse help to a believing effort to promote in his people, by the use of His Holy Word with prayer, holiness, and devotion to his service. I was on the point of leaving home for my annual rest, and Mr. P. Smith's visit was a brief one. There was no time to consult brethren, so I acted upon the conviction given me, and did what I could to promote the conference. My mind was at once guided to two Christians to do the necessary work, ana tney aia it aamiraoiy. mr. unanes uaacocK Kincuy accea as hon. secretary, and Mr. Henry Collis arranged all matters about lodgings for the visitors. A short time ago, I could not have believed that I should see my way clear to promote such a con ference, and I never had faith to expect such a manifestation of God's power as there has been. Brother clergymen I have long known as faithful men have gone back to their parishes full of joy and thanksgiving, with hearts set far more than ever upon the work of Christ. They speak without the slightest reserve of the fresh gift of the grace of God given them at Oxford, enabling them to sur render themselves wholly to the Lord Jesus, and to trust fully in Him for every present duty and difficulty. One of the most respected evangelical clergymen in his own country told me that he never knew what ' the peace of God which passeth all understanding' really is until the later days of the Oxford Conference. Another clergyman had read a paper against Mr. Pearsall Smith's teaching at a very important clerical meeting at Hampstead, and had also gone down to a parish where a real blessing had been received, to speak against what he believed to be unsound doctrine. He went to his lodging in Oxford one night very miserable, with a brother clergy man, who was rejoicing in the blessing received. After a sleep less night, the words, 'He is able,' came with the power of the Holy Ghost to his heart. He has gone home full of thanksgiving, and has already sketched the plan of a small book, to bring out the blessed teaching of God's Holy Word on the subject of Scriptural holiness. He has given me a book, in which he has written, ' From a most grateful friend, on whose heart is written 'Oxford' ' — the place where the Lord in His great love met him. 