ACHEROIN AND WHANREGARWEN. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Another summer has come and gone, and the summer season has once more set in. Several farmers haver already got the main crop of wheat sown, and some paddooks are so far advanced as to be quite green with bruit. Very little ground has as yet been ploughed for oats, the recent wet weather having put a stop to all out-door work for several days. I believe it is the intention of a great many farmers to sow largely of Nor way oats this season, and I have no doubt a splendid yield will be the result. The past harvest did not turn out nearly so good as was expected, the average yield of wheat per acre in Whanregarwen being 10 bushels, and of oats 17 bushels. One farmer on the Crystal Creek had about 25 acres of the latter, which averaged a little over 30 bushels per acre, but this was an exceptional case. In Achicron the C'roes weorv , if anything, it shade betrter-wlheat rtuirning out 14 bushels, and outs 18 bushlcs per acre. M1r :lde, of Kuldhil, hiad it very fair crop of thel Norwegillan viriety, aind llif inltendus ciwing largOly of the ?ttina olrt this: seatcson. l'romic Tlhornitonl I learn t ?hat to hirviest thiiiri did not quite co.tme up to etxlpectatiions, but talikei all through, whoet and oicts avoruig ll very well, the toriiter goinig ias high as 18 bushel;is, arid the l itter over 10 bulishels lipr cere. I have not ieceived any dfinite i:count as to ti rhe rel',l of thi t!?hIshcing in Yiurck anud Sprcin;g crllLk, biltt I believe that the yield was lnot teni li good its icn \VIhan regarwtn. In fact, such wtlis tlhe delicricicy in tiihe harvest thtroiughout thli whole district that I did not think it worth while to piuhlish thu returnsi from any particular farm sepair ately. t;In a few years more very little ground will bo laid uniler cultivationri on thl Coutl bburln. HIundrdsrd of iacI'es hlavi bhocn alreaidy sown with English grnh.sic, iiUd ti tttoing calttle Ihas ben iproved to bei moro prolitable :;Ian grain-growing. I have ino doubt blut ;hat thlroughl tiino .the loulburn will .ont rri 'utcc a very larg'e proportiont of prime ucef to the Melbourne market. No cattle from the north have crossed at Molesworth during tho past fortnight. The rainy season hits set in on the Murrumbi lgee and Lachlan, and floods will for ia time retard the progress of travelling stock. Messrs Bowen and M'Allister, and Mr Leitch, of Berry Jerry, sent several molbs to Melbourne during the summer months, and I believe more are at present on the road. Grass is very good at present, and there is every reason to hope that it will continue so throughout the winter. Land selection is still progressing rapidly in the district. Over 2000 acres were recommended by the last Land Board in Alexandra, and more has been already pegged out. 't'his is a healthy sign it denotes that our farmers are beginning to get on -in the world, and see the necessity of securing every available acre of ground for agricultural and grazing purposes. I am not a married man, buht I confess I would like to be one if I were applying for land, and ihad any fear of opposition. Blachelors don't run ', the. ghost of a chanco" now-a.days. But, notwithstanding that tie verdict was against my side of the house, I heartily concur with the decision of the Land Board which sat last week, in the case of two selectors who worn applying for the saunm allotment of ground. Both appeared to have an equal right to it, and for a while the commissioners were puzzled ; but at last they decided it in tire very beat manner possible-they gave the land to the man who had a wife and family to support.. The seleotor who amoe off second best says he'll get married before pegging out any more ground. " What's in a name" was illustrated in an amusing manner a few days ago. A re spectable citizen at present residing within a hundred miles of Alexandlra unfortunately bears the same cognomen as a well-known individual who was convicted a short time since of stealing clothing from a local store keeper., The aforesaid respectable citizen 1 had .occasion to do some work for a farmer t at Whanregarwen, when the latter, judging by the name that he was the indirvidual ° above referred to, became apprehensive for the 'safety of his worldly goods and chattels, and so took the precaittion of keeping every thing under lock and key-paying particular attention to his wardrobe, and counting over ° his ducks, geese, hens, and turkeys overy night that the respectable citizen was about hlis place. It is needless to say that nothing, was ever missed,- and the farmer has sinos Sisco'vered his mistake. 