A PRIVILEGE question has arisen between the two Houses of Parliament. The Council claim that they have the right to make any amendment in a money 'Bill which does not affect either the raising or appropriation of money, but they contend that by introducing the clause in the Loan Bill, asking for an annual return by the Treasurer of the manner in which the money has been expended, they have not pushed their right even to the extent indicated. Sir Henry Ayers in an elaborate and exhaustive speech on Tuesday last, in opposing the motion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands that the amendment of the Council be not insisted upon, adverted to the alleged contract made between the two Houses in 1857 respecting the privilege question, and affirmed that the resolutions passed on that occasion were neither legally nor morally binding upon Parliament, and that by the practice of both Houses the compact was either abrogated or had been allowed to fall into disuse; nevertheless, he contended | that as far as the Council was concerned, the agreement had been substantially fulfilled.. These it must be confessed are rather curious and conflicting propositions. First, he says, in ' effect, that the contract referred to is not binding ; next, that there is no such compact, and finally that the compact has been fulfilled. This reminds one of the story of the man who on being sued for damages tor laming a hack pleaded, first that the horse was not lame, second that he had not lamed the animal, and third that he never had the horse. However, Sir Henry reviewed at length the course adopted by the Council for years past in referrence to their dealing with money Bills, and adduced numerous facts and opinions in support of his views. All the Council wanted, he said, was that the Treasurer should publish lor general information how much of the £000,000 he had borrowed, and how he had disposed of it. He contended that the amendment in question was in accordance with the practice of the Council, and urged that the amendment was necessary because no legislative provision had been made for the publication of such accounts as were referred to in the amendment. It appears to us that the dispute is one of a most trumpery character, and it is as puerile for the Council to insist upon, the acceptance of the amendment tas it is for the Assembly to insist on its rejection. Both Houses seem to have frightened themselves needlessly by conjuring up the ghost of Precedent. If we submit to the ex- clusion of the clause, say the Council, it will be establishing a precedent for further submission until we become a nonentity. If we allow the amendment, say the Assembly, it will be a precedent for additional encroachments on the part of the Council, and by-and-by they will claim a right to originate money Bills. The Hon. J. Crozier admitted that " he was very sorry that a c imparatively trivial matter like this should bring the branches of the Legislature into collision, but if they gave way on this question in his humble opinion they would be narrowed down co a very small space— they would simply be expected to accept or reject a Bill." The dispute then, is confessedly a trivial affair, and that being the case it would be wiser that the Council should give way and reserve their fighting power until it was really required. But if they are perverse enough to press the amendment, we should recommend the As- ! sembly to concede the point. Such a course would be far more dignified and sensible than to engage in a lengthened squabble about a matter that is really of no intrinsic importance. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, in the course of his remarks submitted that there was no necessity for the incorporation in the Loan Bill of the clause proposed by the Council, inasmuch as without it the Government were bound to render an account, and h c . assured the Council that every endeavor would be made to give a lull, clear, and satisfactory statement, without the clause which it was proposed to insert in the Bill. If this be the case—if the Council have already the substance of what they desire, why prolong the difference by witholding the shadow 1 In every substantial respect the Assembly have sole control over the finances of the country, and while it is not probable that the Council will ever seek to trench upon the privileges of the other House in any material particular, we are quite sure that if they should at any time be so ill-advised as to do so, the House of Assembly would resist to the last such an attempted encroachment on their rights. We trust that the paltry discussion will be speedily adjusted; otherwise a wordy warfare will be engaged in, bitter feelings will be engendered , and the result may be a deadlock j in which case the public would have reason to cry out with Mercutio— " A plague o' both your Houses." 