MR. PARSES told us 011 his late visit to Deniiiquin that when New South Wales did awaken, and the time, we were assured, is close at hand, "the awakening will be tremendous." We fsil to see what "tremen- " dous " waking up is to result from a population of between five and six hundred thousand persons scattered over a territory larger than all France. Nor is thdte much prospect of any great increase of population by immigration to New South Wales from the thicklypopulated countries of Europe. Immigration is not increasing, even from the British Isles to America or Canada. Labour, skilled and unskilled, is highly rewarded at home, aud, as a rule, it is not more difficult to obtain employment there than it is in the prosperous colonies of Australia. There is, indeed, an " awakening " of another kind in the British Isles, the like of which has never beeu since the time when Luther shook the Church of Rome to its centre. There are schismatists in the Church of England—large numbers of the clergy are in a state of revolt, and now this Churcli has to stand a shock such as is never felt since its formation. This Church it divided against itself- There are foes within and without—if they were only without, there would be less difficulty in putting down the alleged heretical opinions that are open aud undisguised; but as the heterodoxy is so general, some of the most sanguine, the steadiest, and, it is believed, the most sincere of the English Ohunh's dignitaries, are beginning to doubt whether its foundations will not give way, and whether as an institution it. is able to cope with its secret and open antagonists. The " orthodox" Church mrty in Great Britain has scarcely recovered fi om the shock caused by the famous book entitled Ecce Homo, " before it is called upon to withstand the assault of the Rev. Dr. Muir, who has just published a work calculated to do far more injury to the Anglican Church and its faith than did the author of "Ecce Homo." Under the head of "Literary Notes " from London," an occasional correspondent of the Argus says:— The chief literary event of the day is an anonymous work entitled " Supernatural Religion : an inquiry into the Reality of Divine Revelation," published by Messrs. Longman, and generally acknowledged to be the ablest work which has yet appeared on the side of the free-thinkers. It evinces great learning, and a consummate knowledge of the modern :'orms of thought, and the entire range of Biblical criticism. Its style is refined and temperate; its argument is elaborate, and its conclusions j.re of the melancholy kind whicli seem so have uo powerful a fascination for men's minds in the present day, conclusions which remove them from the control and providence of a powerful God, and suhstitute an inexplicable abstraction, in the purely intellectual region of thongbt, for the Creator, the Redeemer, and the SanctiRer of all mankind. That the book is very powerful and profound no one can deny, and those who most deeply reflet that power and learning should be displayed on the side of the renunciation of Christianity acknowledge its ability most freely; but, when we remember the excitement which was caused by '• Ecr.t Eomo "—a much inferior work— and tbe unsettling effect it had npon minds attracted by its novelty and its apparent breadth, we cannot but apprehend that the effect of this learned and eloquent treatise may be widespread and mischievous. The bjok has been immensely read, and reviewed with convincing power, and also with (great gravity and nspect, by the Spectator, in its highest tone of ChriBbian advocacy. The complacency, freedom, and boldness with which men within the pale of the English Church assault it, while at the same time they receive its emoluments, is really , astounding. The weakness of the ruling powers in this Church are thus made significant—had they, at first, with a firm hand put down those in revolt, and deprived them of their benifices, the clerical mutiny would not have been so general. Now, however, the sternest among the Anglican Bishops hesitate to act seeing, as tbey do, that the mutineers have become many and bold- Turning our thoughts from ths old world and its clerical contests, we come nearer home. On our fourth page is a sermon "preached in " Melbourne, on .Sunday evening, July 26, "1874, by the Itev. Cuthbert Featherston- " haugli, Minister of the Church of England " at Urana and Jerilderie." The sermon was " published by request," which is significant enough, accepting it as correct that the request came from more than the preacher's personal friends, aid he has. many. We write in a journalistic st nse (we do not claim to be an authority on religious faith), we measure Mr. Feiitherstonhaugh's conduct only by the accepted standard of common honest\', and this is a test that even preachers of the Gospel, of whatever Church, cannot afford to set at defiance. The sermon is full of heterodoxy, as any layman can discover if he will ouly read the Thirty Nine Articles of the Church of England, which men seeking ordination in that Church havo to accept as true. • They have also to solemnly affirm that they believe they are ^called by the Holy Ghost to preach the GospeL Here we have a gentleman, lnjrhly esteemed by all who best knew him, who was ordained very loug after he had arrived at the years of discretion. After having preached for a year or two lie, accepting an incumbency in his Church, preached doctrines completely opposed thereto. After having delivered a sermon so full of views antagonistic to this Churcli, he published it, thus disseminating his errors orally and in print. He was ordered by the Dean of Melbourne not to preach in that diocese. Had the sermon not been printed and published (we are thankful to Mr. Samuel Mullen for sending us a copy) it is not likely that we should have heard of it, but the author being one of our'•district, this specially makes it the more necessary on our part to refer to him. It is a mistake to conclude, as is often done, that" anything will do for " the bush." Mr. Fetherstonhaugh's religious views may be perfectly correct—that h« honestly believes them to be so we have no doubt—that he would go to the stake for them is very likely. He has, hdweveV, taken the only course left him as an honourable man, he has resigned his incumbency. )He has a perfect right to his religious opinions; but he could have no right to promulgate them from a pulpit of the Anglican charch, as they are antagonistic to the creed thereof. If. all of her clergy who dissent from the fundamental parts of her doctrine, were to follow this gentleman's example, resign their cures, and give up the emoluments thereof, they would be respected for their firmness, if they were not esteemed for their doctrine. Even a clergyman should hold to this principle, that it is dishonest to eat the salt of an institution which he has ceased to serve to the very best of his ability, and with undisguised sincerity. We have to apologise to those of onr subscribers who did not receive last week the monthly sum mary as a supplement to the Pcutoral Timet. We have now supplied the omission. DENILIQUIN HOSPITAL.—Remaining last week, IS; admitted, 2; discharged, 2; died, 0; remaining, 15. THE " Combination Troupe " stay at Deniiiquin over Saturday night, October 3rd, when they play for the benefit of the Hospital, to which institution they give half the proceeds of the entertainment. &CHOOL; IN8PKCTOR FLANNERY examinei tbe pupils at Dcniliqain Public School on Thursday last, and reports favourably-of the progress of the institution. The School Board met, and it is intended to institute aninfaut school here. WK are selling land wholesale at Deniiiquin — 19,555 acres were sold in fee at 20s ."per acre, 5s down, and 15s in a month (whioh, as the traders say, is equal to cash.) 3993 aores were sold to conditional purchasers at 5s per acre down, and promises to pay the remaining 15s an acre (promises likely to be as Jalid, to nse a local wag's drollery, as were " Bob Acrcs'.") However, Government get in one week from a land sale at Deniiiquin £20,553, which iB, we think, the highest weekly average ever reieived in any district in New South Wales. THE Rev. Mr. Yarrington, Church of England Minister at Balrnnald, is appointed to the important incumbency of St. John's, at Ballarat. The good people of the Anglican Church at Balranald will miss their late pastor, who, owing to the ill .health of himself and wife, left the Riverine district. MB. ROBERT TOFHOLKE'S advertisement aa a stoak and station agent and aactionesr at Moataa, can b« found in our present issue. We must All admir* the itout- hearted man of 67 yenri beginning life again, and we trust he will be successful. As • judg* of stock and stations, Mr. Tupholme hu not his superior in New South Wales. OWING to the inclemency of the weather, at Mel bourne, on Sunday last, Hospital Sunday was not a success. MDLLB. ZELINDA'S " Combination Troape " playtd at the Royal Assembly Rooms, Deniiiquin, on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday last, to very full' houses. The singing of Mr. and Mrs. Harrison, was very sweet and effective. Mr. Montague's comio songs were admirable, and his make np was excellent. Mr. Lewis at the piano showed his skill; his touch is fine and bold. The " Arabian Box " mystery astonished the ladles and gentlemen, while adults and children looked on witk amazement. The troupe proceed hence to Hay to aiton iah ths people of that town and district. 1'HB board appointed by the Victorian Government to enquire into charges made by the Chief Inspector of stock against Mr. Matthew Hervev, late stock inspector at Echuca bus aoquitted this gentleman. Only a minor charge was sustained, which possibly saved the Chief Inspector from the necessity of resigning his appoint ment. The appointment by the Sheep Directors of a local iaxpector af stock, in tbe room of Mr. Robert Tupholme, will take place on Friday, the 16th of October, at Deniiiquin. We published last week the correspondence r«- spccting Mr. Tupholtne's case, not at his request, butin justice to him. The only error we observe in Mr.^Tupnolme's position is that of his writing, as a private communication, his letter to Mr. Robert Patterson, the Chairman of the Directors. As chairman only could Mr. Patterson receive such a latter. The 8pactan severity dealt forth by the Lands Department to Mr. Tupholme will be iong home in mind here. The appointment i> worth about 3802 per annum, and we hear that there are soreral applicants for it. MR. R. C. WILLS, telegraph master, Deniiiquin, delivered a lecture on " Electricity " to a numerous and attentive audience at Deniiiquin Wesleyan Church, on Monday last, the Rev. J. E. C.irruthers in the chair. Mr. Wills traced the early history of electricity from the time, when a bit of amber (elcktron) was found on a mountain in the Grecian Isles several hundreds of years B.C. to the present time—he refetred rapidly to the gradual development of electricity in its origin and nature. For many centuries after the commencement of the Christian era electricity was almost unknown. Tracing the experiments made on the Continent of Europe, and in the British Isles, and paying tribute to the number of eminent men, who devoted so much time to the science, he referred to the famous experiments of Dr. Benjamin Franklyn, near to Philadelphia, who, with his kite, demonstrated clearly and unmistakeably that electric matter which was found so general |in a quiescent state on earth was identical with that of the lightning of the sky. This discovery immortalised Franklyn, for while many eminent electricians in all parts of the world felt tolerably satisfied that tbe electric agent which so abounded in natural objects an terra i,rma was the same agent that, at times, carried destruction with it in the thunderstorm, yet all attempts to establish their identity had failed until Benjamin Franklyn left his printing-room to do that which all the philosophers in the old world of Europe had failed to accomplish. This point being set at rest for ever, electricians were free to pursue their studies, and try to make practical use of this tremendous power found to be generated on earth and in the sky. Mr. Wills mentioned the death of a Russian electrician who, while making experiments at St. Petersburg!!, brought the lightning into his study, and not having provided the means of so connecting his con. ductor with the earth so as to avoid tbe danger of a surcharge of liis apparatus, he, while he was examining the action of tbe fluid in his conductor, was struck on the forehead by a mass of electric laid {forcing itself from the machine, and was killed on the spot. The lecturer then briefly referred to the experiments of electricians in all parts of the world, particularly in England and France, and gradually led his audience up to the" early attempts made to send signals by electricity. After detailing the rode experiments made with this object, Mr. Wills illustrated by diagrams the variousapparntus constructed by Cooke, Wheatston, Morse, and others. He observed that electric science had " grown," and step by step had been so perfected as to enable it to be used in tbe arts and sciences, but that in importance it fell short, in this respect, when it was considered as means of transmitting thought and intelligence throughout the civilised world. He now briefly detailed the system of " cablegraphy," and then returning to Morse's system of sending and receiving messages, he afforded his audience a 'treat by sending and receiving a message in the lecture room. Mr. Cliannon, one of Mr. Will's assistant operators, sent a message, from ' one of Morse's instruments, from the lower end of the room to Mr. Wills, on the platform, wiio received it. The words of the message were of a very every day character, " Wlmt's the price of pale brandy," which seemed to raise a blush on the faces of two or three teetotallers present. In this message and reply Morse's instruments were ueed. The lecture was, now, soon brought to a close by some laughable instances of errors in telegraphy, principally arising out of the imperfect manner in which senders wrote their messages, Mr. Wills, as stated, used diagrams to illustrate his remarks, nnd a few telegraph instruments were exhibited with a like object. There was enough of matter for at least three lectures condensed into one. The lecture was relieved by singing several pretty aud spirited anthems by the choir, Miss Havelock Miller presiding at tbe harmonium. Previous to the commencement of the lecture Miss Miller played with much effect a selection from one of Hadyn's compositions. The entertainment, taken altogether, was of a character that will bear repetition. The evening terminated in a vote of thanks to the lecturer and to the choir, which were accorded with marked applause. The former was moved by Mr. H. Hnnter and seconded by Mr. S. K. Millar, and the latter was seconded by Mr. G. C. Gillott (Solr.) and seconded by Mr. S. GilL 1 AT the Government land sale at the Police Office, Deniiiquin, on Monday, the 28th day of September, 1824, the following lots were sold at npset price of W per acre:—County Townsend, parish Purdanima, portion 12,160 acres, Shanahan and Jenuings. William Bell purchased 800 acres in the county of TownseDd, parish Boiee, J. W. M'Laurin bought 250 acres, county Townsend, parish Bungooka, R. Blackwood purchased 1939 acres 3 roods 27 perches, county Townssnd, parish Currabungatiung. J. Turner, Tocumwal, bought I2U acres, county Townsend, parish Tocura- •wal. Total number of acres sold 3269 acres 3 roods 27 perches. ON Tuesday last, a Government land sale was held at the Court-house, Deniiiquin, of country lots, situated in the county of Townsend, parishes of Hartwoud and Currabungsnung, and county of Urana, parishes of North Coree and South Coree. 23,580 acres 1 rood were originally offered, of which 16,2.85 acres 1 rood were purchased by Mr. John Wilson at the upset price of 11 per acre; 960 acres were not offered for, and 6835 acres had been conditionally purchased prior to tbe sale. ON Monday last the largest puraber of sheep were crossed at Deniiiquin that we remember to have gone in one day—17.400 for Victoria passed orer our bridge. Some of the Sydney people seem to think that Victoria is under some great obligations to New South Wales, while Victoria is really our best consumer for coal, maize, &a.; Victorians light up their streets and honses witb gas made by New South Wales coal, feed their families on our beef and mutton, take their dessert off onr oranges and bananas, and sup on our oysters. Mr. Parkes thinks that it is one of the highest duties which a Sew South Wales statesman can discharge when be keeps a keen eye on the ambition of the people •onth of the Murray, and this is one of the highest compliments that Mr. Parkes can pay to Victorian energy and capital. SOMETHING LIKZ WOOL—A lock of wool from one of Messrs. Jessop and Migbell's prize Leicester ewe hoggets, which has lately been shorn,' shews a staple of twelve inches in length. We may safely assert, that this can hardly be beaten in Queensland.— Dalby Herald-. DALBY, according to tbe Dalby Herald, is looking up; that journal says—" We hope yet to realise the prediction of Mr. G. B. Molle, who invariably maintained that Dalby, by sheer force of circum stances, and natural position, must eventually become the 1 Deniiiquin of Queensland.'" The Wugga Wagga Expreu thinks tbe aspirations of Dalby are not much, and sneers at Deniliquin's progress. In reply to the Express, we state that land to the value of 19, SKI were sold this week at Deniiiquin, anj that ttgtfollowing are tbe stock crossings of the week:—At sheep—2150 M'Bean's, 4900 Tyson's, 2750 Darlot's, 9400 Peter's, 700 Parker's, 6000 Simson's, 4400 Palmer's, 7000 ^'Leod's, 3400 James and Johnstou's, 3600 Syn net's, 7850 Queensland sheep. TH* persistence with whicli the Sydney presi insists that the trade south of Wagga Wagga will be secured for Sydney is astounding. Sydrey TJeraJd of Saturday last says :— " Since the Premier's recent visit to Riverina the Government has provisionally accepted a tender to extend the railway to Wagga Wagga, from whence it will probably be continued toDeniliquin. When this is done a large proportion of our wool now sent to Melbourne for shipment home will find its way to Sydney. From statistics recently published in Melbourne, wool valued at £1,745,550 was sent across the border into Victoria during 1873." The distance from Wagga Wagga to Deniiiquin is 170 miles. At £4,000 per mile the extension of the line would cost £680,000. From Wagga Wagga to the Murray at Moama the line would cost a million sterling, which New South Wales Government will spend if it makes the line to carry out a mere sentiment, while we continually see recorded in the press of our colony, drownings in unbridged-,creeks in our highways. _ Mr. Parkcs's " tremendous awakening " when it comes may disturb some Pof the dead bodies of our colonists, whose lives have been sacrificed for the want of bridges on our highways. A G«SXBOOS DONATIO*.—Messrs. H. N. Loughnan, Melbourne, and G. C. Loughnan, J. P., Hunthawang, have in a very liberal manner promised to defray the cost of tbe walls of the Roman Catholic Church about to be built in Bank- street. The bricks will be ready in a few weeks, and tenders are to be called immediately for the execution of the work.—Hay Standard. WAGGA BACES.—In the handicap lists just published in the local journals, we observe that The Diver (late Dolphin) is to carry 7st. lib., and Mozart, 6st. 21b., in the Town Plate and Grand Stand Handicap; and two pounds less respectively, in the Cup. Goldsbrough, the winner of the Metropolitan, carries 8st. Sib. in the Cup, Dagworth. 9st. 9lb., and the Ace, 9st, 21b. HAT LAUD Oruca.—On Monday, 28th inst;, a sale of Crown lands was held, at which the following lots were disposed of:—Lots A to C, by Wm. M'Evoy, Wooloondoo); D to M, Colin Simpson, J.P., Mungadal; O, R, U, V, W, Wm. Lang, Wargam; X to DD, A. N. Gilbert, J.P., Warwillah; FF, W. Lang; HH. J. H. Pierceson, Hillston; II to TT, Messrs. M'Gaw and Co., Burrabogie; all at upset price. For the remainder there was no bid. THE Mount Hope Copper Mining Company has been registered, and, at a meeting held yesterday afternoon, it was decided to call for tenders for work necessary to be done. About 12 tons of copper ore has arrived by teams, and will be shipped per Cumberoona to Adelaide. Several teams are now on the way to Hay with ore from this mine, and expected to arrive s-ion.—Hay Standard. CIRCUIT COURT.—The Circuit Court will open on Saturday next before his Honor Judge Cheeke. The list of cases, which we will publish in Saturday's issue comprise two capital charges, two charges of sheep-stealing, and two of forgery. The bar will be an unusually strong one. Mr. E. Butler is, we understand, retained for the defence upon four out of the six cases. Mr. W. C. Windeyer will act as Crown Prosecutor, and'it is probable that ia addition to Mr. O'Mara, Mr. Murray will also attend. Mr. Lee will act as Crown Solicitor.—Wagga Wagga Express. HAT WHAM.—The Cumberoona, Capt. Barber, Mr. H. Sullivan, supercargo, left Wagga on the 22nd inst., for Adelaide, intending to load wool at Buckingbong, and other stations on the river, for Echuca. The Alfred, Capt. Mackwhich went up stream last Wednesday, returned on Friday, with wool and left for Echuca on Saturday. The Murrumbidgee Capt. Hill, Mr. B. J. Smyth, supercargo, arrived from Echuca last Wednesday. The Pearl, Capt. Porter, left for jEchuca on Thursday last, with two barges loaded with wool. She also took a shipment of :the now celebrated Red Lion Brewery Ale, from Messrs. Elliott & Lindsay, for Mr. John Cramsie, of Balranald. The Riverina, Capt. Barnes, arrived from Echuca on Thurslay, and left again on Saturday, intending to take wool from stations on the river for Echuca. The Burrabogie, Capt Fowler, arrived on Sunday, bringing five young bulls for Dr. Dictoon's Uabba 'station, and left for Kerarbury on Monday. The Tyro, Capt. Shetliff, passed down on Saturday, with a large load of wool. Tbe Corowa passed Swan Hill on Monday, for Hay. Tbe Victoria passed Swan Hill yesterfor Hay. The Corrong passed Balranald on Monday forEchuca. -Hay Standard 30th, September. 