A-VISIT TO COOMASSIE. (trim'the London Dally Telegraph, Oct. 7.) The following, article, written by a missionary describes some1 of his personal experiences during a visit paid by him to the capital of the Ashantee country:-^'. The Ashantees have recently been accused of can- nibalism. -This, however, is not supported by fact. It was perhaps easy to come to that conclusion after hearing of the bloody orgies and cruel customs of Ashantee, but these are bad enough without the deeper and darker charge of eating human flesh. With all their barbarity, Coffee Calcali and his sub- jects seem to- have as great an abhorrence of this crime as civilised nations, and the manner in which the headless bodies are exposed-even allowed par- tially to decompose in the streets-together with the usually glutted state of the well-known receptacle of such remains, are sufficient proofs that the charge ia unfounded. This- " custom making" for the dead is quite an institution of Ashantee, being based upon a belief, that the soul lives after it has left the body, that, in fact, there is another world' after this,-just such a one as the present _Tbns a \- king or chief here will be a king or chief hereafter, and must have his .wives, servants, and slaves to attend upon him as in the present-life ; and as these several personages do not in the order of Providence die at the same time, they mnst be killed, in order that their ghosts may attend the spirit of tbe de- ceased noble-to the land of shades. The funeral custom lasts more than a week, and commences immediately after the spirit leaves the body, in the sacrifice of a few of 'the most confidential and con- stant attestants of the deceased chief, called his *. ochres," or souls. The heir (who is the nephew) informs his friends of the event, who, in the course of a day or two, assemble in the open street with a large number of their retainers. They begin by drinking .large quantities of rum, and by firing large volleys of blank cartridge, and then, at the word of command, move forward a few yards, where they renew the drinking and firing until in this way they have paraded the principal streets, and have reached the place assigned for the sacrifice, generally near the house of the deceased. After consulting with each-other for a while, the executioners may be seen, threeor four together, rushing out of the crowd in different directions in pursuit of the selected victims, who, after'the lapse of a few minutes, are brought upon the scene with their arms tied behind them, and their mouths gagged by having two knives thrust through their cheeks in opposite direc- tions. After being cruelly taunted and mocked for awhile, they are-put out of their misery by decapita- tion, often olnmsily and mercilessly executed., The sacrifice Of- life varies according to.the rank of the deceased and the wealth of his successor and friends. There is reason for believing that the death of a king causes the destruction of three or four thousand persons, and the death of a princess was celebrated by the sacrifice of above a hundred. . This was care- fully ascertained by toe writer, who on one occasion asked a chief with whom he was very familiar whether he Would iwish to have a number of his poor slaves sacrificed'when he died, to which he very vehemently replied, " Yes ; and if they did not do it I would come again if I 'could." In fact, according to Ashantee views, the greater the slaughter the greater is the respect shown for the dead, and the greater is the griflPfbrhia loss. 'Neglecting to do sacrifice on Slich an occasion would be regarded with similar Íeatings' in Ashantee to what we should feel in Eng and if wq gave a deceased friend the burial of a dog ; »Bd human beings, both old and young, male and female, may be, and are, bought and sold" in Coomassie for the sole purpose of slaughter, just as sheep and oxen are in England. These facts ate not derived from hearsay. ' These eyes that now see the dark fluid flowing from the pen's point have beheld the darker deeds which the pin has been describing, and when a keen remembrance end a full knowledge of these abominations the writer fervently prays that the Lord of Hosts will give success to the Gold Coast Expedition« The King and chiefs of Ashantee cannot possibly bave anyjidea of the colossal power with wnich they have thrown themselves into collision, accustomed tis they' aie to compare themselves with themselves, or at moat tyith a few of the surrounding tribes and potions ettherafraid of or tributary to their govern- ment the reigning monarch of which has generally styled himself " jung of Kings." In this ignorance . and arrogance the chiefs are included with the king; for although,the latter is a despotic sovereign, the paramount lord and proprietor of the persons, goods and chattels of all his subjects, whose lives and pro- perty he jean take away at will, yet his rule in mat , ters of peace and war ia restrained by a kind of pre ScriptiveTaw,"" springing from feudal" principles. A circumstance illustrative of this may be worth recording, as revealing somewhat"of the' inner working of the Ashantee Government, and also se'showing that its kings have, occasionally at least, behaved in an arrogant and dictatorial manner towards the English Governor. ^ poor Fantee woman on the seaboard used some insulting words about His Majesty Quaco Dual! of Coomassie, to on Ashantee man, who, in order to keep his own bead on his shoulders. Was bound to make it known to the ]ting, his master, who immediately despatched a mes- senger to the Governor, requiring or demandinftthat the said woman should be hanged. His Excellency replied by saj ing, among other things, that both the matter and,the woman were beneath the notice of the King of Ashantee ; that he (the Governor) had put her in prison, and that he hoped this would satisfy the King. His Majesty «turned an answer that, if the Governor wished to live in peace, he must bang the1 person who had so grossly insulted bim. The affair 'now assumed a serious aspect, and his Excellency summoned the Council, in order to frame & despatch which would, in all probability, be an Ultimatum as to peace or war. When this important decumejit arrived in Coomassie, the King called to- gether all bia " great chiefs," and the writer of these Words was requested to come to the palace and read ii The'despatch, as is usual in such cases, contained much prefatory matter, and wbije this waa being read the chiefs became very impatient, two or three times interrupting the proceedings by exclaim- ing, "What has this to do with the woman?" However, the momentous passage came at last, in which the Governor, in effect, said " that he was wil- ling to imprison the woman for two years, that even this would be thought a severe sentence in England, that he hoped the King would now pass the matter over. But if he were not now satisfied, it would be evident to all that he only sought a cause of quarrel, and that'if the King were determined to go to war, he (the governor) would do his beat to defend Her Majesty^ subjects and dominions." No sooner had this ultimatum i been read than two powerful chiefs sprang .upon tteir feet, wishing to declare war at once, whilst <fwo or three other chiefs stood up to make them sit down again. The poor reader was in the midst of this tumult and for some little time these brawny fellows were literally wrestling with each other over his bead At last the King spoke, and all was hushed in a moment After pausing for awhile, he said, " Write and tell the Governor that as be wfll not hang the woman, it 19 of no use to keep-harm prison, and therefore he may set her free." The individual to whom this reqn»st or com- mand was addressed, thanked the King for the man« bèr in which the palaver bad happily terminated, and sootxafter left tbe palace breathing freely, and ïéjoicing greatly that he had in any measure con- tributed to tbe maintenance of peace. Jt if aaid that an old bullet has been found on one^ofthe battle fields so inortuted in a bit of an American newspaper that it eould not be detached from the lead, and had assumed all the characteristics of that metal. Thii bullet 11 the toughejt Faragraph eyer found ia ft Yanfce» 