FISHING REMINISCENCES. fBy PiscatorJ Iime, about 4 p.m. Place, verandah of cottage at " Hardsound" Station, on the Big River. Thermometer, 100 and some tiling in the shade. Your humble ser vant, reclining in an easy chair after the most approved American fashion, and costumed entirely " al fresco," feels par ticularly comfortable as he glances lan guidly at the pleasant sight of a noble river stealing silently along its precipi tous banks, and occasionally lost to view amid dense masses of foliage and huge boulders of rock. From his feet a gorgeous flower garden stretches to the very brink of the river, forming a brilliant foreground to a picture which I am sadly afraid he is too lazy to contemplate as it deserves. The air, though warm, is full of fragrance, and the drowsy buzzing of innumerable in sects lulls me again into the almost un conscious repose from which I had lialf awakened to peep at the scene before me. But there is one persevering fly who, evidently disgusted at my Sybaritic ideas, will persist in sounding trumpet notes of defiance in my ear, and tickling my nose in a most unpleasant manner. And as I feebly endeavour to crush the offending insect, for about the hundredth time, enter to me my hospitable enter tainer X, the proud proprietor of Hard sound and two or three other nice slices of the pastoral loaf. Old and tough looking is X, but withal a right good fellow, and ever ready to do the honours of Hardsound Station to any chance visitor like myself who happened to ac cept his hearty invitation to " come down and have a bit of shooting"—or fishing, as the case might be. But it is the latter pastime that is on the " tapis" this evening, and, after a few premonitory whiffs from a very short clay pipe, X informs me that the " chaps" are coming to see if I am ready. And, almost before I awake to the fact that I had certainly made an appointment with young X, and also begin to realise the rather disagreeable sensation that, in stead of making preparations for a fishing excursion, I had slumbered in that plea sant verandah, enter the " chaps," them selves, whom I have the honour of intro ducing to the reader's notice. Young X, a good-humoured giant, with a quiet, determined face—famed alike in the scrub and drafting yard, for his 1 strength and agility—beloved by all the \ hands on the station, and by old X not j least, if I may judge by the sunshine which lights up his rugged features as he j glances affectionately at his son. With young X is a slender youth with ' an innocent, lamb-like cast of features, ! who is at once introduced as "Mr. Sprouts," and who has left the delights of Sydney to grace Hardsound with his presence, and obtain colonial experience in matters pertaining to pastoral life. And I know that it is not the fault of some of the youngsters on the station if he has not been enlightened in ways more practical than pleasant. However, Sprouts is good tempered, and has also proved, on more than one occasion, that he possesses a fair share of that valuable article "pluck." As this is the "open sesame" to most Australian hearts, Hard sound has become more pleasant to him than it was during the first few weeks of his probation. To make matters still more enchanting, it is whispered that there is a Miss X, a veritable wood nymph, who is—ahem ! well, not in different to the charms of Sprouts. But who is this dark-skinned indivi dual, laden with multitudinous tin ves ggls, and laughing silently to himself? TfiisTis—Jack, an aboriginal, but who informs me in perfect English that he is Tery pleased to see me, and adds, with a chuckle, that he hopes I had a good sleep. Round and sleek-looking is Jack, with the merriest countenance I ever saw in a blackfellow, and quite at home at Hard sound, where he has been brought up by old X since he was a very small pican niny, with a stomach of aldermanic pro portions. He has since proved his grati tude to his old master on more than one memorable occasion—in days long gone by, it is true, but never to be forgotten by the family of X. But there 1 am not writing Jack's autobiography, though I should much like to do so, and show what a faithful heart beat under his black skin. Well, you're a nice fellow to go fish ing," roared the giant, turning to me. " Here have we been hunting up for tackle and baits, and you bangeing it away like—like" for the speaker was at a loss for a simile. '' Old boots," grace fully suggested Mr. Sprouts. "Never mind, though ; Jack has got enough lines, and to spare : Aye, Jack !" " Ha ! ha !" grinned Jack, " and baits. My word, I have got some baitB. Look here, gentle men," and he invited onr attention to a tin full of large white grubs. "They are big fellows," assented young X, " but I'll back a shrimp against them any day." Hereupon Jack fired up, and defended his grubs right royally. We were in for j a debate, Sprouts advocating worms, when Old X struck in with, " Now, don't talk nonsense ! Yon youngsters, clear out of this while I finish my pipe, and let us see who catches most fish ! And look here," he shouted, as we departed, " if you're going in for a big cod, try a lump of raw beef." As it was my ambition to " go in for a big cod," I persuaded Jack to add a piece of beef to his rich store of baits. We had not far to go, young X said, be fore we arrived at a famous fishing place, so we walked quietly along the river bank towards our destination. On our left was the river, alive with aquatic birds of all descriptions, which were diving and plung ing continuously in the water, and scat tering flashes of light in the rays of the setting sun. Ducks of different species 1 were there in thousands, and solemn looking pelicans, and many beautiful black swans—the slow and graceful movements of the latter birds contrast ing strongly with the noisy whirl of life around them. Thistles of Brobdingna gian proportions, peculiar to this part of the country, form mimic forests on either hand, and occasionally shut out the river view. These thistles are the favourite haunts of the bronze-winged pigeons, which fly whirring out in hundreds at the sound of our approaching footsteps. Prickly-pear bushes, laden with their crimson fruit, flourish in boundless pro fusion, and, mingling with wild flowers of rainbow hues, form a gaudy carpet stretch ing down the great banks of the river, and at the brink bordered with the scarlet and white blossoms of the tea tree. River i oaks spring tall and stately from the 1 water's edge, bearing in their topmost branches great bunches of drift wood, in memory of previous floods which bowed their heads in the rnshing sea of waters, and swept far and away over many a broad mile of pleasant country. Even now, from the discoloured appear- ! ance of the water, a "fresh" is in the river, at which time, my companions in form me, the fish are always more lively and bite better. And as my thoughts once more revert to these cold-blooded creatures, behold J we have arrived at the happy fishing ground. At this place a creek joins the river at nearly right angles, and on the peninsula of land between the two streams grow clumps of tall oaks, affording a pleasant shelter to the angler. In numbers of these trees deep channels have been cut by fishermen in search of the oak tree grub, and I am informed that many a finny " whopper" has been here triumph antly landed. And now to work. Out come our lines, each adorned with hooks that would send a fly fisher into convulsions, but which are none too strong or too big for the capacious jaws of the cod. The rival theorists in the matter of baits each carefully covers his hook with the delicate morsel he most be lieves in, and wetting their stout Hues of whipcord, weighted at the end with lead, they prepare for a cast. I notice that there are no floats. " No good in a cur rent like that," says young X, pointing to where the rapidly rushing waters of the creek unite with the river stream. To further illustrate his remark, he throws in a bit of stick, which is out of sight in an instant, and I now see the force of weighting the lines with lead to enable them to resist the impetus of the water current. I have baited with a shrimp, and (cruelly, I must confess) driven my hook through his transparent little body, and after two or three unsuccessful casts, in one of which I get my Une entangled in an oak tree, and in another nearly hook the youthful Sprouts, who duly anathema tises me, I manage to throw clear, and | "plump" goes my line into the river, j "All right, sir," says Jack, encourag ingly ; " now, when you feel a pull, you know, a good pull, you pull too, and you'll have a fish pretty quick, sir." " Pull, pull together, boys," chants Mr. Sprouts, as he lolls easily on the soft shelving bank, and prepares to light his pipe. But he is severely rebuked by Jack for attempting to frighten the fish, and so, after a sad smile, and a parting grimace behind Jack's back, the tuneful Sprouts relapses into silence. As for young X, he is watching his line so intently that I take example from him, and look anxiously at my length of whipcord as it rises and falls with the eddies of the stream. Splash ! splash ! flip ! flop ! and young X lands the first fish, a young cod of about four lbs., which soon gasps out its little life at our feet. In another minute Mr. Sprouts has secured a bream, a pretty fish, looking all silvery as its captor ex ultingly exhibits it to view. " Pooh !" sneers Jack ; '1 that's all you'll catch with your worms. What's the good of that small fellow ?" pointing contemptuously at the unfortunate bream. " More than you've got," retorts Sprouts, "so shut up !" Which reply so arouses Jack to action that after a brief struggle he se cures a decent-sized cod about seven lbs., and laughs ironically at Sprouts. And still no bite at my line—not a ghost of a nibble. " Have a look at your bait," suggests young X I haul up gently, and discover that my bait has disappeared, and am not at all consoled by the laugh ing remarks of my companions to the effect that I had left my shrimps in the oak when my Hne " had caught. " Bother shrimps," I shrieked in anger. " Try a J grub, sir," said Jack, offering a fine fat! fellow. "Or a worm," suggested Sprouts, displaying a handful of those writhing, reptile-like creatures. Better try an other shrimp," remarked young X But I was deaf to all entreaties, and with Jack's assistance had my hook covered with a lump of raw beef, a savoury morsel which I fondly hoped would entice a cod worthy of my skill. I made a good cast this time, and my line was settling gracefully iu the ] water:—there came a violent tug, and, as I snatched hastily at the line, a qui vering, thrilling, sensation in the wrist told that at last I felt my fish. " Pull! pull!" roared Jack and Sprouts, in chorus, and pull I did—presently landing a writh ing yellow object, which at first I fondly imagined was a cod fish, but which on closer inspection showed us the ugHest creature I had yet seen in the shape of a fish. Long fleshy feelers protruded from its head, and it twisted, and writhed, and bit savagely at the hook, which was firmly embedded in its jaws. " What on earth is this ?" I ejaculated, with horror. '' Oh! that's a Jew fish,"laughed young X ; "cat fish some people call them. Bum- looking beggar, ain't he ? Got no scales, either, if you look. Not nice eating; their flesh is coarse and fat. But there are uglier things caught here than that sometimes. What would you say, now, to a nice black snake ?" " Oh ! nonsense !" I replied ; " you don't expect me to believe that." ",Fact, nevertheless," continued my in formant. " Ask Jack here. He had once the honour of hooking a beautiful speci men of that delightful reptile." Which statement Jack earnestly corroborated, telling how (to use his own expression) it had made him " funk" when he first saw the strange fish he had caught, but by swinging his line round he had dashed Mr. Snake against a tree and broken his back, after which he speedily gave him the "coup de grace." Jack had by this time cleverly extracted the hook from the jaws of my late capture, in spite of its snapping propensities, and I prepared for a fresh cast. Splash ! " Now, here's a little beauty for you," cried Sprouts, hold ing up a really pretty fish for my inspec tion. This was a " tucki," or perch, very much resembling the perch of the East ern streams, but (as far as my memory will allow) differing slightly in size and colour. A delicious eating fish however, and duly prized accordingly. Lines in again, and no bite for some time—not even a nibble. The sun had just set, and his parting rays, reflected from a crimson sky, made the water look all " couleur de rose"—a perfect sea of glory. An inquisitive platypus (" Ornith orhynchus Paradoxus") raised its ridicu lous-looking head from the water for a few seconds, to survey us, and then dis appeared suddenly. Two or three cranes winged their way heavily overhead, croak ing harshly the while. Ever and anon a lot of ducks would fly noisily past, on their way to some favourite night haunt, and the mournful cry of the curlew rose softly on the evening air. Ha! a pull at my line at last!—a steady pidl, increasing in strength till the cord slips like fire through my fingers, and then a jerk, which nearly tumbles me into the river. Quickly recovering my balance, I drag in my line hand over hand, and now I can feel by the weight that I have hooked something indeed. My companions leave their lines, and rush to my assistance. But no ! the "gloire" shall be mine alone, and I repel them harshly, though the line slips repeatedly through my fingers as I hold on to something which seems like a very Sampson among fish, if fish it be. " Stick to him," yell X and Sprouts; " you've got a boomer this time !" while Jack dances a "pas seul" in my rear. Another struggle, and I catch sight of a shining white object, seen for an instant, and then lost to view amid a perfect foam of water. Then, with one tremendous effort, I fall backward, with something nearly as big as a calf plunging in convul sive throes at my feet. Eureka! a cod. A boomer, say all, with a mouth that would contain a good-sized dwarf, and weighing nearly fifty lbs. Many other fish were caught, but this was the " bonne bouche" of the evening, and a packhorse now arriving we placed my prize on it, in comjjany with its smaller finny brethren, and escorted the whole in triumph to the homestead, which soon became dimly visible in the gathering shade of night. I have caught fish of all sizes since that memorable summer evening, but I must be allowed to confess (with, I hope, par donable pride) that no capture has since afforded me such intense gratification as that of my first fish. 