THE ONSECRATIOITOFTHE CHURCH OF TIB HOLY TRINITY, WESTB1JJ1Y Wene3day,May '20th,' 1874, will be a' day ; long imembored, not only -by the good, peoplepf Westbury; and those who attended: at tlie'abovo church on itliafc day, but by; hundreds of others.: For some time past, the' ceremoly of dedicating the ? noble ibuilding,. which Iccupies a prominent positionat the: j unctioi oE William-street and the' Wcstbur.y uiainrdd.to the worship of the Almighty, lias ben the earnestidesirc :of the.nmcli '.vespect'd ind highly esteemed pastor, the Kc v. Faher Hogan. As the day drew near on whidthc. rev-gentleman was to witness^ the coupietiori of the work which .-bad cost him so much anxiety and labor, fears- were entcrtaiied that the pleasure of the ceremony would b1 marred by the weather. : For some days bebre the weather had. been very 'un- settled, but on Wednesday morning the dowu par of rain 'was. enough .to datnpthe spirits If the bravest. Nothing daunted, howeverja large number, of people arrived by the1 fist train .from Deioraiu'e, and by the time thitown train arrived at' the Westbury station,1, change for the' better, had 'taken place injthe weather. ; The opening cere mony atthe church -was to.be performed by His Lorlship Bishop Murphy, assisted by a large: tnunber -of . clergy:meu,.audiin. order to umkd the ' ceremony grander and more iuterestug; arrangements were made for the oelebationi of . solemn High Mass coram pontifice, Ifull orchestra; and- choir,;as'sisting iu the -shying,/; and . performing? Mozart's Twelfth Sass. ?..,, , ? , '.-.: .-. .? ]?:..- ,\\\ \ ? \ This orjhestraand choir, we. may mention, .was. composed of, ladies and.- .gentlemen amateurs,' who -kindly [offered ,, to -assist at the ? (pen'iug -ceremony , rnany.of :thein not belonging, to L; the ?? Roman , Catholic denominator' but., such ..is the,, respect in ,whichlF.ather;,Hogan: .is, held, by all; classes, Aat persons .both in; rand:, out-; side his iw'n church.. have vied with each other in 'assisting .him,,; not only, at the! opening.ccrcmony, butin.the more substan-j tial way. oJ money-donations towards defray-; ?ngthe.'coi of -i the building, and so. liberal ly; have the \ people assisted^, that, now the! ?church :is.sufHoieut|y. completed' to allow , of ! ?itbeing opened, .the,; debt remaining on.it ?being onlj:iibout; £1000.! , ::. ;; .. . Before commencing, the ^ report of ithe cere-: mony we tvill first: describe. „,:.; -; .' ?'? :'; tub nuirhJnio, ':'?'? ' :'; ? ' ?! The if ouhdatiott : stone iof ? which was ? laid on the 12tt Ma'y,M869; by the: Eight llev. Bishop Miirphy, assisted -by Bishop Quinn; and other dergymen. The iplans:and.speoi ficntipns -«ere prepared Jby Mr :Hunter, of ?Hobart Toivn,- under. whose diractions they have been tarried out. . : The style of archi tecture -sebctoa for this sacred i, edifice 'is that whichprevailediinEnglandlduring the thirteenth 'century; and was known as-.the ' early poiited/' The plan is cruciform, .and comprises mve, 88f t:by 31ft 3inf; north and aoutli'transjpt, eachl 21ft by 14ft.; fchancel, 29ft by 23fl ;and sacristy, 18ft^by;lit£t. .At the west eid of the nave,.;over the great doorway, ttere is an : organ and choir galr ?lery, supported^ on arches, under which are three compartments— a.centrali.parch, U baptistry, ind staircase to theigallery.- At ' the angle firmed by intersection, of the; north trans/pt and. nave is a porch 9ieet square intenally, and belfry,- which; latter ib the only poition of the building .not com-, ?pleted. It s, however, raised clear of ithe eaves of the nave roof , and will ultimately ] reach to a hdght of 60 feet. This will be sur- . mounted by i shingled or slated spire, the , total height Including vane and cross being; ?104 feet fron-the ground. The hoight of. nave internalyfrom floor to ridge of roof is ?45.feet,andDllithe gables are finished with ?handsomely carved stone crosses. The in ^terior of the church only shows three arches, Wo of whim are from the nave to the transepts, anl one into the chancel. They oach spring from semi-octagonal piers, ?having moiided caps and bases. The nave is liglted by coupled lancet win dows with icusped heads, and ;at tl.B ?west end in the gable over the :gallery iia simple iesign rose window of eight' *cfoils surroinding a centre quartrefoil. The transepb have a row' of three plain -lancet windows,' over which in each gable is \- a smaller ros window emblematic oltho Holy Triniti— threo trefoil :hghts within oue circle. |'The east wiaa°w in the Aancel is llso a threo light window, each having) simple tracery in the head. The walls ae of square rubble ironstone in irregular coirses, with freestone dressings, the stone ha- ing been procured from the Cluah Tiers, albut four miles from the towu jjp The riainroof is constructed with fnmiod, wrougrt, and chamfered tiniber of Oregon pine, 'springing from stonecorbels, every alternate one being half .principals, tho iatermedite rafters being made of colonial black-rood. The roof is slated with the 'best English slatcs.'thework. having 10011 very satisfactorily performed by Messrs Murray and Keogh. The clmncdl is approached from the nave by a Ilight of three steps extending the whole width of the nave. The nreh is composed of dressed, deeply moulded free stone pillars with bases, and tho arch is 20 feet wide on the church floor, and 35 feet in height. The platform is raised -from the chfincel floor by a.flightof four steps,. and on this:the altar is placed. The altar now bein^ used is the one that has been An the old chapel, and willbe used until snch time as t'unils will admit of a new-one being ercctod. A-mdoswill then estenil thcwhole width of: tho chanoel, which is lighted by :threc win dows, the cast end or chancel window is the'; liandsoiuost in the building, and U the gift o£ Mr. John- Barber and family, and was purchased by that gentleman when in Eng land specially for this church. Tho window, which is of stained glass, is divided into thrue parts, and represents the Nativity of our. Saviour, the Crucifixion, and the.Kcsurroc-. tion, with enriched borders, anrl is the. work oE -Messrs. Cpoto3 and Son, .of rjoudon. The northern chancel window represents, the patron saints o£ Ireland, Saint-Patrick and taint Bridget,*' and is the gift of Mr triinmas Field ; ithe other .olianoul window., is the. gift of Mrs William Smith and. the tVery . Rev. ITather .Dunne, V.G. These windows are well'CXucuted,;iind. arethepvo tluotipn^of colonial 'artists,, haying ,beon:don« ; y:Ura and '-Ferguson of ..Mtilbourou. ? 'i'lie organ gallory extends the. whole-.widtli of the: iiave;.it is 12ft wide, and l2Etfrom. the main. Iloor, and is lighted withabevatiful oriel window of stained glass, representing . the [Divinity in the centre, surrounded with the Ifollowing subjects :— The JRelican in ;tht iWilderness, the Cross and Hear.t,.the 'Cross, iwith the Hammer and Nnils.the Cross, with, ithe ;Grown of Thorns, the Billar, tlie.Undi ivided Garment, the Lamp of,;Fnitli,and'.the iLamb. This was alsoexecuted ,\\-y Ura.and, Ferguson, of Melbourne, to: the. order of the Warden of Westbury, D. Burke,!Esq.,-whose gift it is. The transept is ;lighted -:bjr two oriel windows of stained glass, the oue on the south side representing Faith; Hope,, and Charity, the cost having been . collected .by Mrs Stewart, of Melbourne,, formerly, a; member of Father; Slogan's congregation. ' The northern window, -fronting on the:mnin. rond, representsithe Father, Son,, and .Holy Ghost, and is the gift,,previous;to hiscle.par-; ture.for America, of Mr W. Dignan, .late, Sub-Inspector in the Wustbury. police. The. niuve is lighted by .fiv,e .double, cathedral windows, with. ruby stained borders at each side, and were presented by Messrs. W. W. VVhite, W. McGee, J. Mnllony, Brexinan,. T.oole, Dagerty, and others. The ;baptistry; and approach to organ gallery are-lifihted by two single- cathedral windows, with ruby .stniued-bordevs. The transept is also lighted with three similar windows.,. These.w.indb^ya were-made by, J. and J. Howard, of Launces ton. The entrances are by a door at :the west end with one broad .step, ami ? by the tower .up a;small fli?Itt of stone steps. There is also a private entrance to .the sacristy. The altar rail is constructed of -English oak. of igothic design, and was:made by,Cox: and Sons, of London. The different contractors for the -work were— For, foundation and ^nibble masonry, Dayener and , Sons ; -ior freestone, Connolly.and- Anderson ;...the, roof, Mr Ford, of Launceston ; internal' fibtiiiss, including flco -ing, doors, &c;, Roe. and ..Son, .'of Hagley ; lead lights,: J. an I. J. Howard, of iLaunceston. : The. whole . of :the work. has : been carried out with credit ;to the ,con tractor3. The ground all rfiund the .church ?has- been- cleared of the bushes. and . ;well gravelled. TherSeats.useclin .the. church iu-e 'open seats, made of c6lohial.black-yood,,{rdm a design supplied fry Mr .Hunter,- the; archi-i .tect, but onlyja few have- as yet.bcon.made.;. : 'THE CBHEMONY OF'-;0ONSECttATiOK. -: : This was announced -to commence -at'! 1! ' o'clock, and' long before:tliat' time, 'tlie . rainj having ? cleared: off,' , a .'large : concourse '? -of! people. were gathered in:f rant of (hrcftiii.rili.j 'and; in a very- few niihiites'aiter the.-doorsj w'ereldpened'the spacious .chtirch 'was com-' ?fortably filled. 'y ' \ ? ?'.'; .'' ;;':; ?'- .::i j ' ' The orchestra' coniprised'.the^ollowing.-.^: 'Violins— ^Messrs. T. Sharp;, /W-; Abbg'tt; J. ' Chick; J.'Tevelein ; ' Violoncetlo.i^lossxs. A.. Hiirt, ;S'. Joscelyne ?; Coritra-bakp— Mr' W.j Sharp -, :Fluie— Mr.'iT. :NI: Davies.; Cornopeans —Messrs. R. D. Harrisand:A.' Day ; Qr^an.' .— -Iiss Dowling. Thecjioir coiisisteddf tdn iia'diesand; nine gentlemen;1 -and 'the Whole arrangementswere under .the cbncluctorsliip ofMrO'. ;H. Melvyn. : . ,; ? v. '; 'V i Theceremouy commenced by the orchestra playing that fine chor'nsi rom 'Hanclel's.'iles siali', 'liift up jour 'heads, 'oh ye .gates'.' After that ;the '.clergy wal ked; round the outside of the church' ;chantiiig;the Mistrcre ?;psalm,the Bishop -blessing the' walls -\vith holy water: ? ;/:.-'. ;;.-'; '/ . '; :?'?'?? : ?The .clergy, present were His' Lordship !Bishop Murphy,- the Very-' 'Rev. /Vicar^- .GeneralDunne/ The ? Rev. uD.ean O'Cohriell, of Sydney ; Dr Butler; Dearibf rLauricestdn ; Revs. D. F.'X.'Beechrnor.'-o^ St. .Mary's Cathedral, HpbarfTown-, -»£.' JPB'eech'inor, CampbeHTo\vn ; J. ?I'eehah; TJwncestan ?? T: KclSh, New Norfolk. -..EiiF. .W'alsh, Be-, 'loraine ; J. J,: M'Kernan, ..Iibngford -.;? . ;J. Hogan, Westbury ; M. Keobani Oatlands 5 ? J.Noooe, and the Very Rev: Jiilian Woo8s,, . of Sydney. The Deacons of 'the Throne were Dean O'Connell atid; Rey.;M' KePhan. ?? Assistant Priest, Vicar-General Dunne. 'The \ Celebrant of High Mass, Coram PpHiifice, was RevE. F. Walsh ; Deaconof theMass, . Rev. J. J. M'Kernan -, Sub-Deacon, R-ev. ,T. Feehan ; Master of the Ceremonies, Rev; T. Kelsh. They then entered at the western, door headedby the Master oif the Ceremo-j nies, the Bishop carrying his staff of. offlee, and attended by the deacons, still : chanting. They- proceeded up to the altar, and after prayers they sang the Litnny of ; the-'Sainte. After tha't they mafched round ?the inside of the. church chanting the 113th,. 120th, and 121st psalm. His LoTdship the 1 Bishop blessing the -walls and. sprinkling them with holy water. After return ing to. the sanctuary the choir sang 'Let's adore, the Lord with glory,' while this was being done the priests retired to the sacristy. They then returned to the sanctuary, and High Mass Coram Ponlifice was then cele brated. The orchestra and choir performed 'Mozart's Twelth Mass in -fine 'Style and 'iu a manner which ' reflects credit on the conductor and themselves. The ?opening piece, the ? Kyrie Eleison, was performed in a masterly manner, as also were the Et Incarnfflui of the credo, the ?Dona Nobis Pucem,- and the ^Gloria. The Rev. Julian Woods after reading 1 Chronicles, chapterxxis, preached an eloquent sornion. ^He referred at length to the faith of the. people in erecting such amagriificeritstruc ture, and dedicating it to 'the service of the Almighty. After tho sermon the Bishop thanked -those persona who had so JoacUy *s9l8rcd in 'the ?ceremony, referring particn larlyto those who did not belong to Wont bury or were of tliesame creed as himself. ? He 'expressed the -pleasure he felt at seeing1 such a fine building and highly complimented the Tcspecteil pastor, Father Hogan, on the success of his work. He also recommended the people to be as generous in assisting to pay off the debt as they had been in con tributing to the building fund. Some of' the priests then wont round and made a' collection, one carrying a -pinto nnd another ' a paper, on Which ho put down the names of donors with the amounts. | During the collection Mr T. Sliarp per formed a voluntary on the qr^nn. . IVliss Dowling accompanied Mr LForgusoii' on the organ whilst he snug .the Veni Scincto Spirilus. The remaining portion of the Mass witsthen performed anil the proceed ings-terminated with the orchestra .playing the. 'l'astornl Symphony and Hallelujah1 Chorus with grent effect. - . ,? the DiNNEn. ? '. On tlie .concluaibn of the ceremony an adjournment was made. to the Biirricilalclnii: for the purjioseof. sntiafy.iii|f.:tl)e cravings of. tholinneriman. The largo -billiard-iroomlmd for. the' nonce -been; converted. into a tem porary- hnnquot hall, ioovers -being, laid for about. 70 persons. The: :tdblcs. literally- groaned boneiitih, the .weight. of good things: plrired on ithom; every delicacy in season K'ing ^represented; aiul-reflectecLgreiit .-redit, on Mr3.Sniilh,;the:hostess.: The.olmir was pceitpie'd by Rev-, father . Hogan,: nnd the vico-chairiby tlie Warden, D. Burke, Esq. Sufficient time having, -boon igivon to -do. ample ijustioeito tho.catables and drinkables;; Messrs Meivyn, Jferguson, Roper,; and the gentlemen sang JVonNobis Dominc. ?? Tho Rev. Father Hogan then rose and in a:neat speech 'proposed the health of -Her Majesty the iQueen. ' ; The toast . was drunk with the : usual loyalty. . ?? ? ?.:'?? ??'??? ? ?BlrsBurke, churchwarden; of the Chnrch ? Of-thelloly Trinity, said lie /wished to pro ipose a toast which, he lmcw^they . would re-: :spondto with .enthusiaisni. It was ' The [Health, of the Siibspribers.' He would have liked Father Hogaivto hnve 'proposed it as: Ihewas-qneoE the greatest 'subscribers. He (Mr Burke) saw JFather Hogan, .when the! foundation stone was laid, place the liberal' sum of £100. upon it- (Cheers.) He re ferred to .the aid and assistance given_ by persons of other denominations, and said it. was the proper view to, take of things, and ;that they ought to allow one an.other to wor 'ship God according.toeach man's conscience. Ho trusted . that .those who had contributed : to the church would never be one ; shilling the .poorer for it. (Cheers.) In , conclusion he said they might'well be proud i of the ciiurbh, and that those who had aided and assisted them in getting it would long be remembered. , , The toast was drank with honors. Mr Thomas Field replied on belialE of the subscribers,. and in the' course o£ a few re marks said he hopeel they would soon have the pleasure, of assisting at. a ' similar cere mony at Deloraine for Father Walsh. He understood that Father Walsh 'was going to try and get n.;new church, and i£ he did so he (Mr Field) would give £50 towards it. (Cheers.) ','..?' Rev. Father .Hogan 'begged to.propose the health of. the .ladies and gentlemen who formed the orchestra and choir. Some little. time-ijgo'he was endeavoring to.'get up ' ii choir to assist at the opening, v,'hen. a gen-; tleinan. present ditereel to do. itjand had; succeeded far beyond his (Father liogan's) expectations. He could assure them that 'the singing sounded in thc-sanctuary^wh'crc ^the'clergy wit, 'beautiful. He was 'to most ?of them:astranger,:but-he trusted after: their Krcat Iiirtdness 'to1 him that they would-be- ??comebetteracquainted. He thanked those, 'ladies-and-gentlenion who had attended the. \- practices at great inconvenience to them-, ?selves, arid some of .ihe-ladios, he was sorry; '?to say, had;cauglit cold nnd had been pre vented, fi'cini 'being present that day. ! In propoainir- the -toast he wished to couple' with it ''the names of Mr Melyynand Mr ?Sharp. -Ho referred to the anxiety he had ?felt at 'the 'inclement state of the weather, and-thanked them for having ^braved ; itand ?being diiterniined to be at their -post.- He thanked them for having sang siich as beau tfEiil' thing 'as- Mozart's 'Twelfth Mass.un * ? dpiilvtedly was'. '(Cheers.) .* ? '?? i ' ' The toast was drank with throe: : times ?tlireei : ???''???-?' ' ; . . ?' : ' -; ' ??' ?'? ?'' '?'? Mr j: Barber .'said following the health of ?the chohy'if he -would not bo oufo£orderrhe ?wished to ipropose the health of a gentleman whp:had rendered them groat assistance;- not only by lending his instruments, but he hid foundthem a room to practice ' in, ? withiigas light, &C; After such such kindnessias .they had received from that gentleman he knew they would 'honor 'the toast when he proposed the health:of Mr Geo. Ilubbard. ??. ' The toast was 'drank with loud cheers.. ; Mr ,Geo.Collins;said he hadhcen requested .to return .thanks on.behalf of the choir, and ho did so with great pleasure, aiid also. for the way, in. -which they had boen received. ?Instead of, as Pathor; Hogan seemed to: think it, being such a great act of kindness, r he (Mr Collins), could assure them that, the ? choir appreciated the privilege of, /being ;allowed.to;take -p,wt in such a ccremanv. He trusted the practices would lead to, the, for- mation of a choral- union in . Launces'ton. Before .sitting down he wished to add, his , testimony to Mr Hubbard's kindness, ? and , said haditnot been for that gentleman they , could not have accomplished their object. ,. Mr T. Sharp roso and said as Mr Melvyn would not get-on his feet and respond,as-he ?ought to do, he supposed he must... Ho begged to thank them for the manner; in. which they had responded to this toast, and with their permission he would propose .another. It-was onethat'rccuiired no comment »t his hands, and he was sure they would duly honor it. He wished to, propose the health of Father Hogan. He did not -know \ a gentleman that was more respected ;than.. FatheT Hogan, not only in his own .district,,; !but tliroughout the colony. . .;.,?? The toast -was drank with loud cheers, and 'He's a jolly good fellow.' :: . Rev. Father Hogan, who on rising was ' loudly cheered, said he was very grateful and ' thankful for the kind manner in which his health had been drunk. He, had been con gratulated by several of his friends .on the success of the building, but he must take but a small meed of praise to himself , it was ' the people, they would havo.it, they drove it on to him. They had worshipped long ??. enough- in the wooden building, and they wanted another. He had had difficulties to contend with, and if he had his clays of gloom, he also had 'his days of sunshino, and he was rgladrtp.sce the church that ho had struggled ana .labored for dedicatod to God. He., re ferred to his visit through tho district, and to the uniform kindness with whioh. he had been treated, whether at th&rich; roan's: mansion, or. -the poor :man's cottage. He! thnnked'them 'for their aid ; he;ci-uldTocog-i nise persons wliD had been his greatest; benefactors. There wns one perspn :who had ? given him as much as ±'80,, another £43, nnd so on. He tlmnknd his.'congrcgation for.their assistance, -thcy .had done- what they could for thelnstifiveorsix ycars.and ho -begged to -propose the health of his congregation. ; He was thankful; f6r being, spared; to sec: that day, he.trnsted ho wonld ILvcJon'gto minister to thom,-and if spared,, he would: ondoavor-to make up in the future for any of his pnst shortcomings. (Cheers.) In proposing; his congregaticnjhe begged to coupicwith it the name of Mr Burke, their! Warden. . ??; ..:??? Tho toast -was. duly honored. : , :Mr. Burke, in a short but neat and appro priate; spcccli,roturaed'thanksj.-nndtthc!com- pany dispersed./ . ' ? /?? ; ??THIS KVllNINO -SEnVIOE. : ' '; The evening service at the church .was very largely attended ?, in fact' thechurch; was crowded throughout and extra scats'ha'd to bo .provided 'for many of the .visitors. ' The fine propbrtionsbf th'chiiiltling.'apppared to advantage when fiilly occupieel, and in every way its convdnience as a .place of worship nppcarcd ?to'be'oppreeiated^by every one present. In tho absence of the . 'Bishop the Rev. Dean Council officiated . as celebrant, the Rev. Father Feehan being deacon.ancl the Rev. Father McKenian, of Lon^for,!, sub-: deacon, the autiphons being Chadted by the Revs. Woods and Walsh; After the opening service the Rev. leather ! Woods delivered, a very impressive address from the 21st chapter of Revelations, 2nd, to 5th verses. ' And I John saw the' holy cily, the new Jerusalem, coming down', out of heaven from God, prepared -as a ' bride adorned for her husband. And'!, iheard a great voice from .the throne saying ; tBehold the tabernaclo' of God' is with' men and he will dwell.withth'em. -And they ; shall be his people, and God himself, with' them shall be their God. And God ' shall wipe away all :tears from.tlleir eyes, and death shall be no more,.nor mourning, nor crying, nor sorrow shall be any more, for the former things are passed away. And he that sat upon the throne said : Be hold, I make all things new. And he said to me write,, for these words are most faithful' and true!' The reverend gentleman dealt with, the text in a very able manner, and set forth the duties incumbeut upon Christians to support the gospel and always do their utmost in establishing churches for the worship of God. Churches, he observed, were but the representatives of the earthly taber nacles in which, they dwelt, and -which were bound to decajybut there was a higher aim than all— -a church not made with hands, eternal, in the heavens. The sermon was listened' to .with most; wrapt; attention throughbnt, and at the close a collection was made in aid of the funds of the; church. .The benediction service then followed and brought the proceedings to a close. , After the conclusion of the evening ser vice the young folks, adjourned, some to i O'Mcara's, Westbury Inn, and some to, Smith's/Berriedalelnn.where the large rooms j had bGenpreijared for dancing, which was kept up with great spirit' 'by the votaries of Terpsichore till the 'weesma' hours were far advanced. . 