COLONIAL NEWS. Discovery of Treasure at Coolan gatta.. — The ShoaUwven News states that, a few days ago, some workmen were removing a portion of Mr. David Berry's premises at Coolangatta, for the purpose of effecting some improvements, and, while in the act of lowering a wall plate, they were somewhat startled by a shower of loose sovereigns, which came down 'furious and fast' for some minutes. The sovereigns, which, we understand, are all of the old English stamp, when picked up were found* to greatly exceed one thousand in4 num- ber ; and it is conjectured that they must, years ago, have been put in their hiding place by one or other of the late membeis of Mr. Berry's family, and were probably forgotten. Drowning. — The. Tamworth News re cords the death of Miss Agues Hartley, of Manilla. Tbe young lady attempted on Tuesday, while on horseback, to cross the Namoi, eight miles above Manilla. Tbe Namoi was rather high, in consequence of recent rains. The current proved to be too strong for . ber horse, and tbe animal being washed off its legs, its rider was precipitated into the stream and drowned. Tbe body of the ill- fated girl was recovered on the following day. A Ghost. — From .. time to time we [Sivoalhaven Neics) have received startling intelligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Robert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watch-dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into tbe greatest consterna tion by tbe appearance of an apparition. On Tuesday night Williams' family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down tbe verandah with heavy-nailed boots. Tbe dog, who appears to have heard tbe noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder, but finally gave up the contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all ' locks, bolts, and bars,' entered the house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed apparently in the garb of a bushman. _ It went to tbe bed where Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bed-clothes off tbe bed, and lay down beside Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he pnt out Mb hand to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a croBS-cut saw standing, which it sounded several times - as if beating time to music. After keeping WillinmR and his fa.mil v in a terrified state for; some time his -gbostehip de parted. Williams overs that he Las heard aud seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbe lievers to go ai?d stop at his house and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality ; and one gentleman, well known in the district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw; a low-set man, with a manilla hat nn UroaaoH in mnlrtnlrin tremapjfi.-strt(\ a blue guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over faiis shoulder, enter bis bedroom, and: when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he wad and what he wanted, found that the supposed man waB only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old bands of the district that one or two sawyers bad been found murdered in the locality many years ago. Ik his recent speech at Deniliqnin, the Premier of New- Sonth Wales was good enough to pay a high tribute t-5 the future of Queensland. Mr. j^arkes is reported to have said : — ' I afn hot, as some may suppose, in the slightest degree jealous of Victoria or of what she has done in the tapping of this part of our country. I admire her public spirit, I glory in her en terprise, an^ I wish her every imajrinablp success. While I say this, I believe it is my duty as a Minister entrusted with the destinies of this country to keep an eye upon what she is doing, snd to vindicate the character, justify the resources, and maintain the position of the colony of which I am the guardian. (Hear, hear.) And while I rejoice in tbe race of emula tion which has been begun, you may rest assnred I shall do my utmost to send New South Wales ahead of her. (Cheers.) I am not ignorant of the resources of Victoria or of any of the Australian colonies, and I believe that New South Wales is not inferior to any, unless it be held to be second to Queensland.' Criminal Assault. — At the Central Police Court, Brisbane, on Friday last, Alick, alias Johnny, a South Sea Islander, was charged, on remand, with criminally assaulting Gertrude Brauer, aged eleven years and four months, at Tingalpa, on Tuesday the 1st instant. Mr. Inspector Lewis prosecuted. In this case, which was conducted with closed doors, eleveu witnesses were ex amined, and a strong primA facie case was made out agaiust tbe prisoner. Tbe first witness examined waB tbe child Gertrude Brauer, who described the manner and nature of tbe offence in an intelligent and straightforward manner. Tbe evidence of Dr. Bancroft went to show tbat a criminal assault had been committed. The evidence of James Johnston and bis son, the owners of a sugar-mill at Doughboy Creek, was to the effect that tbe prisoner had been in their employ for some months back. On tbe morning of the day ou which the assault was committed he stated tbat, as he bad bad a disturbance with tbe other islanders, be' wished to seek fresh employment, and he asked permission to go^ to Mr. White's at the Bay to find employment, which permission was granted. He went away and returned about dinner time. As he had -not suc ceeded in obtaining a new situation, be nrocs conf. r\n¥. in +l» a nffai-n/knn 4-*\ ,mi4 VTC*0 D^ W 4SU.V J.U VUD atV^L *J WU V\J UUV wood with two other islanders who were working at a place called Gode's paddock, situated a few.huudred yards from where tbe assault took place. It ap peared, however, from tbe evidence- of these two islanders — who appear thoroughly to understand the nature of an oath — tbat be did not come near them till a little after 4 and then only stayed for five or six miontes. In order to test tbe accuracy of the islanders tes timony as to time, it was elicited that they cut six loads or beaps of wood during the afternoon, and had a little over four loads finished when the prisoner came to them. The prisoner returned to the mill at sunset.. and in the course of the even ing was told by the other islanders that an aboriginal native had been arrested for nearly killing a little girl. He asked several questions in connection with tbe affair. The clothes which he wore on leaving the mill at dinner corresponded with the description given by tbe girl ; but the next day he changed them, putting on new shirt and trousers in place of his working- auit. Mounted constable Amies and Detective Timmins, having been informed of the matter, on the following day (Wednesday), went down to Doughboy Creek, accompanied by the schoolmaster — Mr. M'Gaurin. On Saturday, the 5th, the police went to Johnston's sugar -mill, where they found the prisoner at work. In answer to a question as to where he had been on the nTTArnnctn nf TnDCnair. V*n eaM l*a «rnd cutting wood with the other islanders in Gode's paddock. Be was then arrested ; and the tracks which he made on leaving the mill were afterwards compared with those at the place of the assault, and found to correspond. The prisoner was brought into Brisbane, and for the pur pose of identification was placed' with a number of other blacks dressed in clothes similar to those described as having been worn by the prisoner at the time of the assault. The child, however, picked him ont without tbe slightest hesitation. She stated, in her evidence, tbat she had seen the prisoner twice before the assault, at the Church of England Sunday School, at Tingalpa. - After being identified, the prisoner was told of the charge against him, which he denied, saying he had never seen the girl before. At the con clusion of the case, the prisoner, who said nothing in his defence, was fully com mitted to take his trial at the next Court of general gaol delivery, to be held on the 1st December next. Miwiatube Steam Engines. — The Australasian says : — Messrs. W. H. Masters aud Co., of 97, bwanston-street, have introduced an ingenious applica tion of steam-power to work sewing and such like small machines. It is a little steam- engine of American make, called tbe ' Nicholson Steam-engine,' and .may be seen at work at the address given above. The whole of tbe working parts are very small, and would fit easily within tbe compass of an ordi nary man's bat. The cylinder is of about Sin. stroke and lin. diameter, oscillating, and of double or reversible Action, i.e., it will work on in either direction — forward or backward — in -which it may be started. With driving baud connected with the fly-wheel of any sewing-machine, and tbe steam pipe attached to the boiler, the little engine is at once fit for its work. The boiler is an upright tubular boiler, fired either with gas or with berosme, and working up to about 81b. maximum pressure. The speed at which the machine works is regulated by the ad mission of steam through a tbrottle valve controlled by the foot of the per son sitting at the sewing-machine. The engine and boiler can be kept in one room and the machine to be worked in another j or they may be close together, aB in tbe case with the instruments we describe, in which the engines are screwed to the table-top of the sewing machines. Fiends Incabnate. — The following extraordinary cases of cruelty to ani mals are reported by tbe Avocd Mail : — ' We have been informed of some acts of cruelty perpetrated by two boys in Avoca-, which, were it not for tbe cre dibility of our informants, we should scarcely believe to be true. On Tues day last the ttfro boys alluded to caught a young kid, but newly born, and liav ing procured a piece of glass — for want of a more convenient instrument, proceeded to score the poor aoimal's face to tbe bone, until it was an object pitiable to behold. This also is not the first act of brutality by the same youths which haB been reported to us, as will be seen from the following, all of which can, we believe, be well substantiated. A few days agOj we are informed, these boys caught a goat, heavy with young, and without first killing ber, ripped her open and took away the kids. Previous to this, they are said to have put a goat's eyes out, and then let it go. They took three little birds out of a nest, and after breaking' their legs, threw them on to the ground, and then left them uutil they were found by some one who in mercy destroyed them. In one case they caught a number of goslings, wringing the necks of some and breaking the Ieg6 only of others : in the latter case, however, the parents of the boys were interviewed, and were induced, after much trouble, to pay for the dam age done. There is a story of their having roasted some kittens alive on a piece of tiu ; while the amputation of goats' feet seems to be a favorite pastime of these amiable youths.' Mustering up. — The official returns of the six Australian colonies for the year 1872, show (says the S. M. Herald) that of the total number of borses (738,546), 328,408 belonged to New South Wales, 185,796 to Victoria, 92,620 to Queensland, 82,215 to South Australia, 25,263 to Western Australia, and 24,244 to Tasmania. As to the ownership of cattle, New South Wales comes first with 2,287,660, out of the grand total for all the colonies of 4,597.963; Queensland second, with 1,197,208 ; Victoria third, with 812,289; South Australia fourth, with 151,662 ; Tasmania fifth, with 104,594; and Western Australia sixth, with 44,550. In regard to sheep also we still kept tbe lead. The figures were for New South Wales, 17,560,048; for Victoria, 10,575,219 ; for Queensland, 6,687,885 ; for South Australia, 4,900,687; for Tasmania, 1,895,353; and Western Australia, 688,290— tbe grand total of the whole being 42,807,482. In the matter of pigs, too, our possessions are vuuugu tiu uibgusb any aiutjoi admirer of the Mosaic economy. The Austra lian Suidoe made up a total of 620,363, and the distribution of grunters is thus accounted for by the Government statists: New South Wales, 218,904; Victoria, 193,722; South Australia, 98,436; Tasmania, 53,927; Queens land, 35,625 ; and Western Aus tralia, 19,749. When Governor Phillip landed on the shores of New Holland with his motley crew, his live stock is said to have consisted of 2 bulls, 3 cows, 1 horse, 3 mares, 3 colts, 29 sheep, and 74 pigs, not to mention goats, j Little more than eighty years have elapsed when we find our sheep and cattle ' upon a thousand hills,' and they are fast overspreading the face of the whole continent. Having fed many suc cessive generations of Australians, our flocks and herds remain equal to the demand of local butchers, and are now also being laid under contribution to meet tbe gastronomic requirements of some of tbe densely peopled countries of Europe. It speaks volumes for the climate and herbage of Australia that about fifty millions of sheep and cattle are sustained almost exclusively upon the natural grasses of the land ; but this number, large as it may now seem, must be vastly increased by the skill and industry of fnture pastoral and agricultural occupants of the soil. The New Govebnoe of Tasmania. — The Hobart Town Mercury says, apropos of a discussion tbat took place in the Tasmanian Assembly on Friday, as to the impossibility of tbe next Governor keeping up tbe dignity of his office on the reduced vote : — ' We have it on good authority tbat Mr. Weld received from bis crop of wool from his New Zealand stations, last' year, the hand Boine sum of £18,000. We do not mention this in extenuation of tbe stinginess of Parliament, but as a suffi cient guarantee of Mr. Weld's indepen dence.' Singclae Discovery — A rather re markable discovery has been made by a correspondent of the Wa~rnambool Examiner, who writes : — ' I was greatly surprised, as, in company with a friend, I was walking on tbe beacb, on tbat part of the coast line between Warr natnbool and Belfast, known as Arm strong's Bay, to find hundreds of human DUUco IVllJg auuui iu an. uucbuuuo uu the sand hummocks, a short distance from the beach. The deposit of these bones was not confined to a small area) but extended along tbe coast for miles. A great number of them were lying on the surface, exposed to the wind, sun, and rain ; others were partially em bedded, while hundreds of them could easily be unearthed by just merely kick ing aside the loose and yielding sand. There they were — the bones of strong and evidently large-framed men, the bones of women, and the bones of small and delicately-formed children — from the youth to the smallest 'piccaniny.' ' The Southland Times (N.Z.) tells a 6tory illustrating the admirable fitness as domestic servants of 6ome of the late arrivals in that colony. ' One of the Carrick Castle girls having been duly installed in a comfortable situation, she was asked by the lady of the honse if 6he knew how to trim a kerosine lamp. \- Oh, yes,' was the reply, and having been ehewn the oil- tin, she was left to her own devices; ' The sdrprise of the. thrifty housewife may be imagined when, oirre 1 turning in a Buort time to see how her -help' was getting on, the latter was found coolly engaged in pouring tbe oil own tbe cbimney of tbe lamp I' The Doom of the Govebnmekt,— ? ' Bohemian^' intfae Telegraph, says : — You have beard that the Macalister Ministry is doomed? You haven't? Well, it's a fact. , The thing is all arranged, cut and dried, so to speak, and the Government are only holding office until their successors are ap pointed. Calmer says the squatting party is getting s6 unreasonable and exacting tbat he will see it — canonised — before he will attempt to lead it in tbe House another session — so he is going to take a trip to England for a change of air. Dr. O'Doherty and the Roman Catholics say they are not going to be humbugged out of the con trol of their primary schools by this Education Commission, so tbe doctor has refused to be any party to the en quiry by the Commission, and means to go in for politics again. Walsh has followed Dr. O'Doherty's example* and he is just hanging on to the Speaker ship because the salary conies in handy, but when the House meets again be will throw up the position with scorn and contempt, take the post of leader of tbe Opposition, Dr. O'Doherty will ioin him with all tbe influence of bis church at his back, M'Devitt will support O'Doberty — and what chance will the Ministry have against tbe squatters and tbe political Roman Catholics combined I should like to know ? They will have none at all, and must ' cave in,' of course. It's all very well to make speeches about throwing open the waste lands of the colony for settlement, and punishing tbe dummiers who have ob tained possession of large slices of these lands by unlawful means, and resuming the leased halves of tbe best runs in the settled districts, and encouraging a large influx of European immigration ; but it's quite a different thing to seri ously try to carry out any such scheme — and so Stephens will find it before be is much older. Tbe ' vested interests' and the traditions of the department, and personal feeling, and the chance of the squatters regaining power before long, and a number of circumstances which it would not be wise to mention here — all go to prove that cautious as the Ministry have been — they have been too rash, and the hour of retribution is at hand when they will be made to suffer for their misdeeds. When Walsh takes the leadership of the Opposition, and O'Doberty joins his standard asfirst lieutenant — then comes the Deluge. TflE Expedition in Search of Classen. — We (S. M. Herald) have been shown two letters from well-known gentlemen on the Namoi and at Mun gindi, dated 10th and 21st ultimo, ex pressing their wish to relieve any anxiety on the part of the gentlemen interested in the above expedition, and any disappointment they may have felt from several paragraphs which have appeared in different paper3 respecting it. They have written voluntarily, ex pressing themselves in a position to counteract any unfavorable impression which may have been thereby raised against tbe party, and having had ample opportunities of forming their opinions on the subject during periods of about ten days, in each case, when the party was camped in the neighbor hood. The writer of the first letter considers himself bound to say that ' though doubtful before, I have every confidence in Home, and firmly believe he is anxious to get on to the end of his journey. He seemed thoroughly in earnest, and told me the cause of bis delay.' Tbe second writer states that Hume and O'Hea arrived at Mnngindi on the 8th ultimo, and were to have left on tbe 10th, but on tbat morning three of their horses had strayed, and were not recovered till after a search which lasted till the 16th, in which they were assisted by two blackfellows^ — tbat Hume appeared very anxious to get on, and O'Hea felt the delcy very much — that Hume indulged in drinking to PTftpRR nn nnfi ncr.aRion nnlv. that the writer was aware of, which was on tbe day the borses were' recovered, and that the party started on the following morn ing. He adds : ' Mr. O'Hea has tborougb command over Hume* and I do not think his determination to hold to him to the last will be shaken by trifles. Most people here formed the same opinion of Mr. O'Hea* tbat he was an honest, straightforward man, and one* tbat you might rely on to tbe utmost. Before I 6aw Hume I had little faith in any of his statements, but during his stay here I bad many oppor tunities of converging with him upon different matters, aud seldom found him to err. Now, 1 am a firm believer in him, so much so that it was a ' toss up' whether I should not resign my situa tion and join the party. Mr. Thomp son (tbe recruit) is well known here as an honorable man, and one that is thorough iv respected : he is also a man of tried pluck and endurance/' In letters received from the same locality, O'Hea states: — 'Our new companion (Thompson) has been all through the Indian Mutiny, and as a boy through the Crimean war. He belonged to the 4th Dragoons. He is known to be a quiet, honest, good man ; I am sure be will stick to us.' O'Hea speaks further of the party having received much kind ness on the road through the settled districts, when much delayed by bad weather and worse roads. Deilijno Machine. — A trial of the Burleigh rock-driller took place (says tbe Melbourne Argus) at the Langlands Foundry, Flinders-lane, in the presence of about 100 persons interested in min ing, and others. The machine* which is about Sit. in length, is set on a tripod stand, and can be adjusted in any posi tion with tbe greatest ease, not requir ing to be attached to anything. It was placed on a block of bluestone 20in. thick, sank securely in tbe ground, and by means of the air compressor* by which it is worked it was set in motion. Tbree holes were made* the deepest being 15£in., which was drilled in six ?minutes. It was explained that ther. was only a limited steam power avail ; able, or otherwise this could have been accomplished in half the time. The drill itself is so constructed, beinc somewhat of a diamond shape, that i never strikes twice in the same place, and When it is said to give with a sufficient steam power 4J00 blows per minute, its efficacy will be apparent. Tl;e intsrual arrangements are so nicely adjusted that there is no jar in ibe working; add tbe drill, which is very portable, can be managed by two men. The motive power is compressed air, furnished by the action 6? two air pumps connected with a steam-engine. The air passes into a receiver, and thence through a hose to tbe drill, and tbat which is exhausted in setting it in motion would in a mine serve to venti late the place wbera the men were working. The success of the machine was acknowledged, and a general opinion expressed as to the extraordinary saving of labor and time which it would effect if employed in mining. One gentleman stated that whilst it took six men in tbe Rose of Denmark mine a week to bore from three to four feet, the drill would drive sixty feet in the same period. The Argus of the 27th ultimo says : — 'The Minister of Public Instruction stated yeste/day in the Legislative Assembly that already during the first two months of the financial year the de partment had, for the erection of new schools, accepted a responsibility of over £8t),000. The maintenance of schools will come to something like £360,d00 for the year, and altogether the country, in the original ahd necessary supplemen tary Estimates, will be asked to sanction, an expenditure for educational purposes something like £800,000.' 