Tales. Ninety-Three. A TALE FOUNDED ON THE FRENCH REVOLUTION OF 1793. By Victoh Hugo. CThe right of publication has been purchased by the proprietors ef the Sydney Mail.} PART THE SECOND.— IN PARIS. Book the Third. — The Convention. Chapter VI. Among these men full of passions were mingled men filled with dreams. Utopia was there under all its forms — under its warlike form, which admitted '.he scaffold, and under its innocent form, which would abolish capital punishment ; phantom as it faced thrones, angel as it regarded the people. Side by side with the spirits that fought were the spirits that brooded. These had war iu their heads, those peace. One brain, Camot, brought forth fourteen armies ; another intellect, Jean Debry, meditated a universal democratic federation. Amid this furious eloquence, among these shrieking and growling voices, there were truittul silences. Lakanal remained voiceless, and combined in his thoughts the system of public national education ; Lanthenas held his peace, and created the primary schools ; Revelliere Lepeaux kept still, and dreamed of the elevation of Philosophy to the dignity of Religion ; others occupied themselves with questions of detail, smaller and more practical. Guy ton Mor veaux studied means for rendering the hospitals healthy ; Maire, the abolition of existing servitudes ; /ean Bon Saint- Andre, the suppression of imprison ment for debt and constraint of the person ; Routine, - V the preposition of Chappe ; Duboe, the putting the archives in order ; Coren Fustier, the creation of the Cabinet of Anatomy and the Museum of Natural History ; Guyomard, river navigation and the dam ming of the Escauti Art had its fanatics and even its monomaniacs. On the 21st of January, while the head of monarchy was falling on the Place de la Revolution, Bezard, the representative of the Osei, went to see a picture of Rubens, which had been found in a garret in the Rue Saint-Lazare. Artists, orators, prophets, men- giants like Danton, child-men like Cloots, gladiators, and philosophers, all had the same goal — Progress. Nothing disconcerted them. The grandeur of the Convention was the searching how much reality there is in what men call the im possible. At one extreme, Robespierre had his eye fixed on Law ; at the other, Condorcet had his eye fixed on Duty. Condorcet was a man of revery and enlightenment ; Robespierre was a man of execution ; and sometimes in the final crises of worn-out orders execution means extermination. Revolutions have tivo currents — an ebb and a flow — and on these float all seasons, from that of ice to flowers. Each zone of these currents produces men adapted to its climate, from those who live in the sun to thoBe who dwell among the thunderbolts. Chapter VII. People showed each other the recess of the left hand passage, where Robespiepe had uttered low in the ear of Garat, Claviere's friend, this terrible epi gram — 'Claviere has conspired wherever he has respired.' In this same recess, convenient for words needed to be spoken aside and for half-voiced choler, Fabre d'Eglantine had quarrelled with Romme, and reproached him for having disfigured his calendar by changing Fervidor into Thermidor. So, too, was shown the angle where, elbow to elbow, sat the seven representatives of the Haute-Garonne who, first called | to pronounce their verdict upon Louis XVI., thus responded one after the other — Mailhe, ' Death Delmas, 'Death;' Projean, 'Death;' Cales, 'Death;' Ayral, 'Death;' Julien, 'Death;' Desaby, 'Death.' Eternal reverberation, which fills all history, and which, since human justice has existed, has always given an echo of the sepulchre to the wall of the tribunal. People pointed out with their fingers, ?, among that group of stormy frees, all the men from whose mouths had come the uproar of tragic notes. | Paganel, who said, ' Death ! A king is only made | useful by death.' Milaud, who said, 'To-day, if ! death did not exist, it would be necessary to invent I it.' The old Raffon du TrouiUet, who said. ' Speedy death !' Goupilleau, who cried, ' The scaffold ac once ; delay aggravates dying.' Siejres, who said, with funeral brevity, ' Death.' Thuriot, who had rejected the appeal to the people proposed by Buxot — ' What ! The primary assemblies ! What ! Forty four thousand tribunals ! A case without limit. The head of Louis XVI. would have time to whiten before it would fall.' Augustin Bon Robespierre, who, after his brother, cried, ' I know nothing of the humanity which slaughters the people and pardons despots, j Death ! To demand a reprieve is to substitute an ; appeal to tyrants for the appeal to the people.' j Fouseedoire, the substitute of Bernardin de Saint Pierre, who had said, ' I have a horror of human, j bloodshed, but the blood of a king is not a man's i blood. Death !' Jean Bon Saint- Andre, who said, j 'No free people without a dead tyrant.' Lavicom j terie, who proclaimed this formula — ' So long as j the tyrant breatheB Liberty is suffocated. Death !' j Cbateauneuf Randon, who had uttered this cry — | ' Death to the last Louis.' Guyardin, who had said, ' Let the Barriere Renversee (the overturned barrier) be executed.' The Barriere Renversee was the Bar | rier du Trone. Tellier, who had said, ' Let there be I forged, to aim against the enemy, a cannon of the j calibre of Louis XVI. 's head.' And the iudulgents — I Gentil, who said, ' I vote for confinement. To make : a Charles I. is to make a Cromwell.' Bancal, who j said, ' Exile. I want to see the first king of the | earth condemned to a trade in order to earn his liveli hood.' Albouys, who said, «' Banishment. Let this living ghost go wander among the thrones.' Zangia comi, who said, ' Confinement. Let us keep Capet alive as a scarecrow.' Chaillon, who said, ' Let him live. I do not wish to make a dead man of whom Rome will make a saint.' While these sentences fell from those severe lips and dispersed themselves one after another into his tory, women in low-necked dresses, and decorated with gems, Bat in the tribunes, list in hand, counting the voices and pricking each vote with a pin. Where tragedy entered, horror and pity remain. To see the Convention, no matter at what period of its reign, was to see anew the trial of the last Capet. The legend of the 21st ot January seemed mingled with all its acts ; the formidable assembly was full of those fatal breaths which blew upon the old torch of monarchy, that had burned for eighteen centuries, and extinguished it. The decisive trials of all kings in that judgment pronounced upon one king was like the point of departure in the great war made against the past. Whatever might be the sitting of the Convention at which one was present, the shadow of Louis XVI.'s scaffold was seen thrust forward within it. Spectators recounted to one another the resigna tion of Kersaint, the resignation of Roland, Duckatel, the deputy of the Deux- Sevres, who being ill, and himself carried to the Convention on his bed, and dying voted the king's life, which caused Marat to laugh ; and they sought with their eyes the repre sentative whom history has forgotten — he who, after that session of thirty-seven hours, fell back on his bench overcome by fatigue and sleep, and when roused by the usher as his turn to vote arrived, i half opened his eyes, said ' Death,' and fell asleep ' again. At the moment Louis XVI. was condemned to death, Robespierre had still eighteen months to live ; Danton fifteen months, Vergniaud nine months, Marat five months and three weeks, Lepelletier Saint Fargeau one day. Quick and terrible blast from human mouths 1 Chapter VIII. The people had a window opening on the Conven tion—the public tribunes ; and, when the window was pot sufficient, they opened the door, and the street 'entered the Assembly. These invasions of the crowd into that senate make one of the most astounding visions of history. Ordinarily those irruptions were amicable. The market-place fraternised with the curule chair. But it was a formidable cordiality, that of a people who one day took within three hours the cannon of the Invalides and forty thousand muskets besides. At each instant a troop interrupted the deliberations ; deputations presented at the bar peti tions, homages, offerings. The pike of honour of the Faubourg Saint-Antpine entered, borne by women. Certain English offered twenty thousand pairs of shoes for the naked feet ot our soldiers. ' The citizen 4rnoux,' announced the Moniteur, ' Cure of Aubig nan, Commandant of the Battalion of Drome, asks to march to the frontiers, and desires that his cure may be preserved to him.' Delegates from the Sections arrived, bringing, on hand- barrows, dishes patens, chalices, monstrances, heaps of gold, Bilver, and enamel, presented to the country by this multitude in rags, who demanded for recompense the permission to dance the Carmagnole before the Convention. Chenard, N arbonne, and Val liere came to sing couplets in honour of the Mountain. The Section of Mont Blanc brought the bust of Lepel letier, and a woman placed a red capon the head of the president, who embraced her. The citizenesses of the Section of the Mail ' flung flowers ' to the legislators. ' The pupils of the country ' came, headed by music, to thank the Convention for having prepared the prosperity of the century. The women of the Section of the Gardes FrancaiseB offered roses ; the women of the Champs Elysees Section gave a crown of oak-leaves ; the women of the Section of the Temple came to the bar to swear ' only to unite them selves with true republicans.' The Section of Moliere presented a medal of Franklin, which was suspended by decree to the crown of the statue of Liberty. The foundlings— declared the Children of the Republic — filed through, habited in the national uniform. The young girls of the Section of Ninety-two arrived in long white robes, and the Moniteur of the following morning contained this line — ' The president received a bouquet from the innocent hands of a young beauty.' The orators B&luted; the crowds, sometimes flattered them ; they said to the multitude, ' Thou art infallible ; thou art irreproachable ; thou art sublime.' The people has an infantile side ; it likes those sugar-plums. Sometimes Riot traversed the Assembly; entered furious and withdrew appeased, like the Rhone which traverses Lake Leman, and is mud when it enters and pure and azure when it pours out. Sometimes the crowd was less pacific, and Henriot was obliged to come with his ' bullet-heatere ' to the entrance of thfe Tuileries. Chapter IX. At the same time that it threw off revolution, this Assembly produced civilization. Furnace, but forge too. In this cauldron, where tenor bubbled, progress fermented. Out of this chaos of shadow, this tumul tuous flight of clouds, spread immense rays of light parallel to the eternal laws. Rays that have remained on the horizon, visible for ever in the heaven of the peonies, and which are, one, Justice ; another, Toler ance; another. Goodness; another, Right; another. Truth; another. Love. The Convention promulgated this grand axiom ' The liberty of each citizen ends where the liberty of another citizen commences;' which comprises in two lines all human social law. It declared indigence sacred*? it declared infirmity sacred in the blind and the deaf and dumb, who be came wards of the State ; maternity sacred in the girl mother whom it consoled and lifted up; infancy saciedan the orphan whom it caused to be adopted by the country ; innocence: sacred in the accused who was acquitted, whom it indemnified. It branded the slave-trade ; it abolished slavery. It proclaimed civic joint responsibility. It decreed gratuitous instruction. It organized national education by the normal school of Paris ; central schools in the chief towns? primary schools in the communes. It created the academies of music and the museums. It decreed the unity of the Code, the unity of weights and measures, and the unity of calculation by the decimal system. It estab lished the finances of France, and caused public credit to succeed to the long monarshial bankruptcy. It put the telegraph in operation ; to old age it gaveendowed almshouses ; to sickness, purified hospitals ; to in struction, the Polytechnic School ; to science, the Bureau of Longitudes ; to human intellect, the Insti tute. At the same time that it was national it was cosmopolitan. Of the eleven thousand two hundred and ten decrees which emanated from the Conven tion, a third had a political aim, two- thirds a human aim. . It. declared universal morality the basis of Society, and universal conscience the basis of Law. And all that servitude abolished, fraternity proclaimed, humanity protected, human conscience rectified, the law of work transformed into right and from onerous made honourable, national riches consolidated, child hood instructed and raised up, letters and sciences propagated, light illuminating all heights, aid to all sufferings, promulgation of all principle, — the Conven tionacdomplisbed, having in its bowels that hydra, the Vendee, and upon its shoulders that heap of tigers, the .kings, Chapter X. Stupendous concourse ! All types were there, human, inhuman, superhuman. Epic gathering of antagonisms, Guillotin avoiding David, Bazire in sulting Chabot, Gaudet mocking fiaint-Just, Ver gniaua disdaining Dauton, Louvet attacking Robes pierre, Buzot denouncing Egalite, Chambon brand ing Pache, all execrating Marat. And how many names remain still to be registered ! Armonville, styled Bonnet Rouge, because he always attended the Sittings in a Phrygian cap. a friend of Robespierre, and wishing, ' after Louis XVI., 'to guillotine Robes pierre in order to restore an equilibrium.' Massieu, colleague and counterpart of that good Lamourette, a bishop destined to leave his name to a kiss. Lehardy -lu Morbihftn, stigmatising the priests of Brittany ; Bar ere; the man of majorities, who presided when Louis' XV i. appeared at the bar, and who was to Pamela what Louvet was to Lodoiska ; the Oratorian Daunou; who said, ' Let us gain time ; ' Dubois Crance, close to whose ear leant Marat ; the Marquis de Chateauneuf, Laclos, Herault de Sechelles, who recoiled before Henriot, crying, ' Gunners, to your ?ieces ! ' ; Julien, tyho compared the Mountain to 'hermbpylce ; Gamon, who desired a public tribune resetted solely for ? women ; Laloy, who Adjudged the honourB of tn£ seance to the Bishop Gobel coming into the Convention td lay down his mitre and pat on the red cap ; 'Lecomte, who exclaimed, ' 80 the honours are for1 yrhosoeyer will unfrock himself ! ' Fera^ tvhosp'*hej#l Boissy ITAflglals saluted,' learing^tiiis question to history, 'Did Boissy d'A^lam'il|ftltfte tiife head, that it to say thSe victim, of to : say, the assassins ? ' ThAtto brothers Dfiprat;one. a member of the Mountain, the other of .the Garonde, who hated each other like the two brothers Chenier; At this tribune were uttered those mysterious words which sometimess possess, unconsciously to those who pronounce them the prophetic accent of revolutions, and in whose wake material facts appear suddenly to assume* «h inexplicable discontent and passion, as if they had taken umbrage at the things just heard ;; evemts'seenx angered by words catastro phes foflovy'fimous, ahd hs if, exasperated by the epqc-ch of feeni ThusA voice upon a mountain suf fices td' set'TheavalBnchfein motion. 'A word too much may bfe followed by a landslip. If no one had spoken^ the catastrophe would not have happened. Youp^ght s&jr; Sometimes that events are irascible,. It was thus.by the hazard of an orator's iU cbm prehenddd word, that Madame Elizabeth's head fell. At the Cbnrention intemperance of language was a right. Threats flew about and crossed one another like sparks in a conflagration. Petion : ' Robespierre, come to the point.' Robespierre : ' The point is yourself, Petion, I shall come to it, and you will see it.' A voice : ' Death to Marat.' Marat : ' The day Marat dies there will be no more Paris, and the day that Paris expires there will be no lor ger a Republic.' ? Billaud Varennes rises, and says, ' We wish' ? Bar ere interrupts him: 'Thou speakest like a king.' Another day, Phillippeaux says, ' A member has drawn his sword upon me.' Audouin : ' President, call the assassin to order.' The President : ' Wait.' Panis : ' President, I call you to order, I ! ' There wastude laughter moreover. Lecointre : ** The cure ot Chant de Bout complains of Fauchet, his bishop, who forbids his marrying.' ' A voice : ' I do not see why Fauchet, who has mistresses, should wish to hinder others from having wives.' j-f'' A secpnd voifee : ' Priest, take a wife ! ' The galleries joined in the conversation. They said ' thee ' and ' thou ' to the members. One day the representative Ruamps mounted to the tribune. He had one hip very much larger than the other. A spectator, crying out, thus jeered him : ' Turn that toward the Right, since thou hast a- -cheek a la David.' ' '? Such were the liberties the people took with the Convention. On one occasion, however, during the tumult of the lith of April, 1793, the President commanded a dis orderly person in the tribunes to be arrested. One day when the session had for witness the old Buon&rotti;, Robespierre takes the floor and speaks for two hours, staring at Danton, sometimes straight in the face, which was serious, sometimes 'obliquely, which was worse. ^ He thunders on to the end, however. He closes with an indignant outburst full of menacing words. ' The conspirators are known ; the corrupters and the corrupted are known ; the traitors are known ; they are in this assembly. They hear us ; we see them and we do not move our eyes Irom them. Let them look above their heads, and they will see the sword of the law ; lqt them look into their con science, mid they will' see their own infamy. Let them beware.' And, when Robespierre has finished, Danton, with his face raised toward the ceiling, his eyes half- closed, one arm hanging loosely, down, \- throws hiinself back iff his seat, and is heard to hum — ' Cadet EouBSel'fait ides diseours, \- Qui lie eontpas longs quand its sont courts.' * * Imprecations followed one another. Conspirator ! Assassin ! Scoundrel'! Factionist ! Moderate! They denounced each other to the bust of Brutus j ?- that 'stood there. Apostrophes, insults, challenges. Furious glances from one side to the other ; fists ' shaken ; pistols allowed to be seen ; poignards half c * ' Gr.det Bonseet doth make his speech I Quite short when it no length doth reach.' drawn. Terrible blazing forth in the tribune. Cer tain persons talked as if they were driven back against the guillotine. Heads wavered, frightened and awed. Mountain is ts. Girondist, Fouillamists, Moderates, Terrorists, Jacobins, Cordeliers, eighteen regicide priests. . All these men, a mas? of vapours driven wildly in every direction. i 