DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. ST. PaTRaUsnou n,January 23rd.-The mar riage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced to-day in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests in the Winter Palhes and the various gal leries. The ladies were sumpt.ously attired, the prevailing costumes, particularly of Rus Sian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatist. Afterassembling, a procession was formed with the grant equeries, chamberlains, acd other officers of the court. Leading them came the Emperor and Empress, the Prince and Princess Im perial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Prince and Princess Imperial of Germany, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly ap parelled in a long crimson velvet mantle, trimmed with ermine, and she wore a dia. mond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the impnrial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The Imnerial Russian Prince were the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of YWales the scarlet British yniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prus. .ian colonel. All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimeon velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. The procession, upon reaching the R'?,aian church, was received by the metropolitan head of the Russian church of the holy synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the moddle of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress im mediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on gold salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily until placed on the fingers of the bride and bride groom. The magnificent chapel was illu minated with innumerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carest; the pillars and alter were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair, Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Dake of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said: "Thou servant of Gad, Alfred Ernest E Iward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the epistle to the Ephe sians, 5th chapter, 20:h and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded the marriage at Cena of Gallilee was read. The crowns were removed and the married couple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding the tip of the conlea?or'a robe with one hand and acandle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the aross, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang "Glory to Thee, 0 Lord I " con cluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The pro cession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican servics. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, offici ated. The walls were decorated with bottle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnisation of the Greek church service wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surtlice with a jewelled collar of the Order of Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English c'ergymea Bcth the American and. the English embasieos were gathered on the left of the altar. CnospicUour among thetm was Governor Jewett, the American minister, Lord Loftus, the English minister and diplo. martic officials. Many English officers, in full costome, were also present. Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gortshakoff, surrounded by leading members of the Rus sian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russ:an chorister lads, in long crim on dresses. Wheo the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding servioe was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, tue Prince and Princess re sponding according to the form enjoined in the book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghnst-bless, preserve, and keep you," was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley con gratulated the newly-married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnester, sweet, fair-faced; the bride.groom grave and self-possessed. The Prinaoess of Wales was lovely, na'e, and deli. oate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy-the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was ap. parently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel, the Empress of Russia, being a coifirmed invalhd and fatigued, seemed overcome and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes, when the married couple saluted her. The cere many being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place, and the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of cere mony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites, there was a banquet at the palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorge. ous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and offieers of the court. The festivities were con tinued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. 