VISIT OF THE CATHOLIC BISHOP TO PORT LINCOLN". I From a Correspondent.] On Wednesday, September 9, His Lordship the flight Her. Bishop Reynolds arrived in Port Lincoln, per Lnbra steamer, to hold his visitation of the Western District. He was accompanied by two of the Sisters of St, Joseph, who are about to open a school at Port • Lincoln. On Thursday morning His Lordship . celebrated the Holy Mass, and announced to the people that he would administer the s Sacrament of Confirmation on the- following Sunday. The children assembled in the church at 8 o'clock, some receiving Holy Commuaion at the firBt mass, which was said by the Bishop. ' After the 11 o'cloak mass, which was offered by the Rev. P. Corcoran, His Lordship addressed the children who wore to be con firmed, aud explained in a clear and an im pressive discourse the seven- fold gifts of the Holy Ghost, and the graces to be obtained by the worthy reception of ihe Saorament. Before the children and congregation left the church, Mr. Sullivan read the following ad dress:—"To the Right Revd. Christopher Augustine, by the grace of 0 od and favor of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Adelaide.-^-My Lord —With sentiments of great veneration for the ; high and holy office to which it has pleased the Supreme Pontiff to appoint you Bishop, to rule the Church of God in South Australia, and with a deep respect for your Lordship per sonally, we hail with joy your first pastoral visit amongst us. Hearing that it was your [ anxious desire to attend to our spiritual iute terests, Beeing that you have sent us Sisters to teach our children, and promised to make arrangements so that a priest wonld periodi cally visit the Catholics scattered over this ex tensive part of your diocese, we have reason to feel grateful to your Lordship, and hope that God will spare you many years to feed the flock entrusted to your care. We are aware that the liabilities of the diooese are great indeed, but with the oo-operation of the Catholics of this colony, these will soon i become a thing of the past. Permit us, in con clusion, to offer our humble assistanoe in carrying out anything proposed by your Lord ship for the advancement of our holy faith, apd we beg to subscribe ourselves your Lord ship's most obedirnt servants in Christ, signed—R. W. Sullivan, Joseph Whilstour, Patrick . Fitzgerald, Riohard tsullivan, Peter Sullivan, Edmond Smyth, Michael Sheering, John Leonard, and othe's." His Lordship replied as follows:—" My dear frieuds and ohildren in Christ—I thank you most cordially for tho kind allusions you have made to our Holy Father the Supreme Pontiff, as well as for your kind welcome to ipe. Rest assured you cannot feel a greater desire than J do for yoiar spiritual welfare. Eyer 9iuci'3 it pleased Gqd to burden me with tho charge of this diocese, the spi jitu d neces sities of this distant part of the mission have ever had uiy constant prayers aud labors to provide in some measure for its wants. Owing to the scarcity of priests in this vast dio cese I cannot at present place one iti charge of this district, but I am happy to say I shall be able to provide for a periodical missionary visit. It is a source of con solation to me to open a'school under the csije pf the Sister3 of St. Joseph, whose labors have" been so successful in Port Augusta and Blinman Districts, that I anticipate even greater here. They will teach your children the knowledge of God and flis holy law, to gether with secular knowledge, which. are un fortunately divided now-a-days, so as to deny the child, whilst learning worldly science, its duty to God, and His claims on the love and obedience of Hii creatures. Your allusion to the diocesan liabilities, brings to m? mind the faat that no sma 1 portion of the debt had. been contracted m the building of this church and the establishment of this mission. Owing to your limited number and circumstances, I atn well.aware that yon could not meet this great, liability; by ynur co-operation, however, with your brethri n ia more favored portions of the diocese, this debt in a few years I hope to see claared off. I truBt to have the happiness of again meeting you, on my return from the Western District, and earnestly pray God to pour down His choicest bles.-ings on you and year children." Ia the evening, after vespers, the Bishop again preached an eloquent sermon ou the „?.itles of the Blessed Virgin to our veneration au« love, which was listened to with breathless attention by a very large congregation. The shoemakers who have been em ployed at the Pantheon Boot Factory, but who are now on strike, wrote ta Mr. T. 'Johnson on Wednesday, stating that tbey could not agree to his offer of 4d. per pair, and requesting him to reconsider tbeiuatter. Mr. Johnson, however, says mpBfc positively that he will Rot make any f urth< r proposal. Several new hands have been taken on, and a3 a number of the men did not strike, there is not a comp ete stoppage of the factory. The shipments from Port Wakefield to Port Adelaide during the fortnight ended Saturday, September 12, consisted of 1,947 bags of wheat, '1 he stock of last season's wheat at Port W.ikefietd i3 mw getting ve.ry low, but tho farmers have hopes of a bountiful harvest. Both at the - ait Lake and Hummocks tho farmers say they never had such good pi •rpfcts at this season of the year. We were ../Vol by one farmer that he has a seoiion of S'J averaging two feet in height, 