Tales. Ninety-Three. a TALE FOUNDED ON THE FRENCH REVOLUTION OP * 1 1793. Br Victor Hwoo. rrka riffht ot publication has been purchased by the proprietor* t l «r the Sydney Mail.] PART THE THIRD.— IN VENDEE. Book ths Third. — The Mothbr. Chapter V. — Vox in Desekto. When Michelle Flechard left the three children to i 'whom she had given her bread, she took her way at random through the wood. Since ''nobody would point out the road, she must ?find it out for hereelf. Now and then she sat down, then rose, then reseated herself again. She was borne down by that terrible fatigue which first attacks the muscles, and then passes into the bones — weariness like that of a slave. She was a slave in truth. The slave of her lost children. She must find them : each instant that elapsed might 'be to their hurt ; whoso has a duty like this woman's has no rights ; it is for bidden even to stop to take breath. But she was very tired. In the extreme of exhaustion which Bhe had reached, another step became a question. Can one make it ? She had walked all the day, encountering no other village, not even a house. She took first the xight path, then a wrong one, ending by losing herself amid leaiy labyrinths, resembling one another pre cisely. Was she approaching her goal ? Was she searing the term of her Passion ? She was in the Via Dolorosa, and felt the overwhelming of the last sta tion.* Was she about to fall in tho road, and die there ? There came a moment when to advance farther seemed impossible to her. The sun was de clining, the torest growing dark ; the paths were hidden beneath the grass, and she was helpless. She had nothing left but Qod. She began to call ; no ?voice answered. She looked about ; she perceived an opening in the branches, turned in that direction, and found herself suddenly on the edge of the wood. She had before her a valley, narrow as a trench, at the bottom of which a clear streamlet ran along over the 6tones. She discovered then she was burning with thirst. She went down to the stream, knelt by it, and drank. She took advantage of her kneeling position to say her prayers. When she rose, she tried to decide upon a course. She crossed the brook. Beyond the little valley stretched, as far as the eye ?could reach, a plateau, covered with short under brush, which, starting from the brook, ascended in an inclined plane, and filled the whole horizon. The forest had been a solitude ; this plain was a desert. Behind every bush of the forest she might meet some -one ; on the plateau, as far as she could see, nothing met her gaze. A few birds, which seemed frightened, were flying away over the heath. Then, in the midst of this awful abandonment, feel ing her knees give way under her, and, as if gone suddenly mad, the distracted mother flung forth this strange cry into the silence : ' Is there, any one lere ? ' She waited for answer. It came. A low, deep voice buret forth ; it proceeded from the verge of the horizon, was borne forward from echo to echo ; it was ?either a peal of thundef or a cannon, and it seemed as if the voice replied to the mother's question, and that it said : ' Yes.' Then the silence closed in anew. The mother rose, animated with fresh life ; there was some one ; it Seemed to her as if she had now «ome person with whom she could Bpeak. She had iust drunk and prayed ; her strength came back ; she began to ascend the plateau in the direction whence she had heard that vast and far-off voice. Suddenly she saw a lofty tower start up on the ?extreme edge of the horizon. It was the only object visible amid the savage landscape ; a ray from the setting sun crimsoned its summit. It was more than ?a league away. Behind the tower spread a great eweep of scattered verdure, lost in the mist — it was the forest of Fougeres. This tower appeared to her to be the point whence came the thundering which had sounded like a sum mons in her ear. Was it that which had given the answer to her cry ? Michelle Flechard reached the top of the plateau ; she had nothing but the plain before her. She walked towards the tower. Chapter 'VT. — The Situation. The moment had come. The inexorable held the pitiless. Cimourdain had Lantenac in his hand. The old Royalist rebel was taken in his form; it was evident that he could not escape, and Cimour -dain meant that the marquis should be beheaded here — upon his own territory, his own lands — on this very spot— in sight of his ancestral dwelling-place, that the feudal stronghold might see the head of the feudal lord fall, and the example thus be made memorable. It was with this intention that he had sent to Fou geres for the guillotine which we lately saw upon its TOBd. To kill Lantenac was to 6lay Vendee ; to slay Vendee waB to save France. Cimourdain did not hesitate. The conscience of this man was quiet ; he was urged to ferocity by a sense of duty. The marquis appeared lost ; as far as that went, Cimourdain was tranquil, but there was a considera tion which troubled him. The Btruggle must in evitably be a terrible one. Gauvain would direst it, and perhaps would wish to take part. This young «nief was a soldier at heart ; he was just the man to iung himself into the thick of this pugilistic combat, -if he should be killed ? Gauvain— his child! The ^ique afftction he possessed on earth ! So far for tune had protected uie youth, but fortune might grow ^weary. Cimourdain trembled. His strange destiny had placed him here between these two Gauvains, for one of whom he wished death, for the other life. The cannon shot which had roused Georgette in her cradle, and summoned the mother in the depths 'Of her solitude, had done more than that. Either by accident, or owing to the intention of the man who nred the piece, the ball, although only meant as a warning, had struck the guard of iron bars which protected the great loophole of the first floor of the tower, broken and half wrenched it away. The be sieged had not had time to repair damage. vm*6 k^feged had been boastful, but they had very little ammunition. Their situation, indeed, waB much critical than the besiegers supposed. If they nad had power enough they would have blown up La tourgue when they and the enemy should be together 'Within it ; this had been their dream, but their re serves were exhausted ; they had not more than thirty charges left for each man. They had plenty of guns, WwiderbuBses, and pistols, but few cartridges. They aa loaded all the weapons in order to keep up a steady fire ; but how long could this steady firing last ? it, mu8? lavishly exhaust the resources which l ey required to husband — that was the difficulty. tj-V to the pictures in Roman 3alholic churches, of that Tk«eia o«r Lord falls under the weight I Fortunately (sinister fortune) the struggle would be mostly man to man ; sabre and poignard wsuld be more needed than firearms. The conflict would be rather a duel with knives than a battle with. guns. This was the hope of the besieged. The interior of the tower seemed impregnable. In the lower hall, which the mine had breached, the retirade so skilfully constructed guarded the entrance. Behind the retirade was a long table covered with loaded weapons — blunderbusses, carbines, and mus kets — sabres, axes, and poignards. Since they had no powder to blow up the tower, the crypt of the oubliette could not be utilised ; therefore the marquis had closed the door of the dungeon. Above the ground floor hall was the round chamber which could only be reached by the narrow, winding staircase. This chamber, in which there was also placed a table covered with loaded weapons ready to hand, was lighted by the great loophole, the gTating of which had just been broken by the cannon ball. From this chamber the spiral staircase led to the circular room on the second floor, in which was the iron door com municating with the bridge-castle. This chamber was called indifferently the room with the iron door, or the mirror room, from numerous steall looking glasses hung to rusty old nails on the naked stones of the wall — a fantastic mingling of elegance and rude desolation. Since the apartments on the upper floor oould not be successfully defended, this mirror room became what Manesson Mallet, the lawgiver in regard to fortified places, calls ' the last post where the be sieged can capitulate.' The struggle, as we have already said, would be to keep the assailants from reaching this room. This second floor round chamber was lighted by loopholes, still a torch burned therein. This torch, in an iron holder like the one in the hall below, had been kindled by Imanus, and the end of the sulphur-match placed near it. Terrible carefulness ,! At the end of the grouftd floor hall was a board placed upon trestles, which held food, like the ar rangement in an Homeric cavern ; great dishes of rice, with porridge of black grain, hashed veal, bis cuits, etewed fruits,- and jugs of cider. Whoever wished could eat and drink. The cannon shot set them all on the watch. Net more than a half-hour of peace remained to them. From the top of the tower Imanus watched the approach of the besiegers. Lantenac had ordered his men not to fire as the assailants came forward. He said — ' They are four thousand five hundred. To kill outside is useless. When they try to enter we ara as strong as they.' Then he laughed, and added, ' Equality — Fra- ternity !' It had been agreed that Imanus should sound a warning on his horn when the enemy began to advance. The little troop, posted behind the retirade or on the stairs, waited with one hand on their muskets, the other on their rosaries. This was what the situation had resolved itself into : — For the assailants a breach to mount, a barricade to force, three rooms, one above the other, to take in succession by main strength, two winding staircases to be carried step by step under a storm of bullets ; for the besieged — to die. Chapter VII. — Preliminaries. Gauvain on his side arranged the order of attack. He gave his last instructions to Cimourdain, whose part in the action, it will be remembered, was to guard the plateau, and to Guechamp, who was to wait with the main body of the army in the forest camp. It was understood that neither the masked battery of the wood nor the open battery of the plateau should fire unless there were a sortie or an attempt at escape on the part of the besieged. Gau vain had reserved for himself the command of the storming column. It was this that troubled Cimourdain. The sun had just set. A tower in an open country resembles a ship in open sea. It must be attacked in the same manner. It iB a boarding rather than an assault. Ns cannon ; nothing useless attempted. What would be the good of cannonading walls fifteen feet thick? A port hole — men forcing it on the one side, men guarding it on the other ; axes, knives, pistols, fists, ami teeth ; — that is the undertaking. Gauvain felt that there was no other way of carrying La Tourgue. Nothing can be more murderous than a conflict so close that the combatants look into one another's eyes. He had ; lived in this tower when a child, and knew its formidable recesses by heart. He meditated deeply. A few paces from him his lieutenant, Guechamp, stood with a spy-glass in his hand, examining the horizon in the direction of Parigue. Suddenly he cried, ' All ! at last !' This exclamation aroused'Gauvain from, his reverie. ' What is it, Guechamp ?' ' Commandant, the ladder is coming.' ' The escape-ladder ?' ' Yes.' ' How ? Is it not yet here ?' ' No, commandant, and I was troubled ; the ex press that I sent to Javene came back.' «« I know it.' ' He told me that he had found at the carpenter's shop in Javene a ladder of the requisite length— he took it — he had it put on a cart — he demanded an escort ef twelve horsemen, and he saw them set out from Parigue — the cart, the escort, and the ladder. Then he rode back full speed, and made his report, and he added that, the horses being good, and the departure having taken place about 2 o'clock in the morning, the waggon would be here before sunset.' ' I know all that. Well?' 'Well, commandant, the sun has just set, and the waggon which brings the ladder has not yet arrived.' 'Is it possible? Still we must commence the at tack. The hour has come. It we were to wait, the besieged would think we hesitated.' ' Commandant, the attack can commence.' ' But the escape ladder is necessary.' ' Without doubt.' ' But we have not got it.' ?? We have it.' ' How ?' ' It was that made me eay, ' Ah ! at last !' The waggon did not arrive ; I took my telescope and ex amined the route from Parigue to La Tourgue, and, commandant, I am satisfied. The waggon and the escort are coming down yonder ; they are descending a hill. You can see them.' Gauvain took the glass and looked. ' Yes, there it is. There is not light enough to distinguish very clearly, but I can see the escort — it is certainly that. Only the escort appears to me more numerous than you said, Guechamp.' ' And to me also.' ' They are about a quarter of a league off.' ' Commandant, the'escape ladder will be here in a quarter of an hour.' ' We can attack.' It was indeed a waggon which they saw approach ing, but not the one they believed. As Gauvain turned he saw Sergeant Radoub standing behind him, upright, his eyes downcast, in the attitude of military salute, - ' What is it, Sergeant Radoub ?** ' Citizen commandant, we, the men of the Bat talion of the Bonnet Rouge, hare a favour to ask of you.' ' What?' 'To have us killed !' ' Ah !' said Gauvain. ' WUl you have that kindness ?' 'Weil — that is according to circumstances,' said Gauvain. ' Listen, commandant : Since the affair of Dol you are careful of us. We are still twelve.' 'Well?' ' That humiliates us.' ' You are the reserve.' | ' We would rather be the advance guard.' | ' But I need you to decide success at the close ot I the engagement. I keep you back for that.' [ 'Too much.' I 'No. You are in the column. You march.' 'In the reas, Paris has a right to march in ! ront.' ' I will think of it, Sergeant Radoub.' 1 ' Think of it to-day, commandant. Tkere is an opportunity. Hard blows will be given and taken. It will be lively. La Tourgue will burn the fingers of those that touch it. We ask the favour of being of : the party.' The sergeant paused, twisted his moustache, and i added in an altered voice — ' Besides, look you, com m andant, our little ones are in this tower ; our 1 c hildren are there — the children of the battalion — our three children. That abominable beast called Brise-bleu and Imanus, this Gouge-le- Bruant, this Bouge-le-Gruant, thin Fouge-le-Truant, this thunder clap of the devil, threatens our children. Our children are poppets, commandant. If all the earth quakes should mix in the business, we cannot let any misfortune happen to them. Do you hear that r Authority ? We will have none of it. A little while ago I took advantage of the truce and mounted the plateau, end looked at them through a window. Yes, they are certainly there ; you can see them from the edge of the ravine. I did see them, and they were afraid of me, the darlings. Commandant, if a single hair of their little cherub pateB should fall, I swear by the thousand names of everything sacred, I, Sergeant Radoub, that I will have revenge out of somebody. And that is what all the battalion say. Either we want the babies saved, or we want to be all killed. It is our right — yes — all killed. And now, salute and respect.' Gauvain held out his hand to Radoub, and said, ' You are brave men. You shall have a place in the attacking column. I will divide you into two parties — I will put six of you in the vanguard to make sure that the troops advance, and six in the rear guard to make sure that nobody retreats.' *' Shall I command the twelve as usual ?' 'Certainly.' ' Then, commandant, thanks. For I am of the vanguard.' Radoub made another military salute, and went back to hiB company. Gauvain drew out his watch, spoke a few words in Guechamp's ear, and the ?torming column began to form. Chapter VIII — The Last Offer. Now, Cimourdain, who had not yet gone to his post on the plateau, went to a trumpeter. ' Demand a parley,' said he. The clarion, sounded ; the horn replied. Again the trumpet and the horn exchanged a blast. ' What does that mean ? ' Gauvain asked of Gue champ. ' What is it Cimourdain wants ? ' Cimourdain advanced towards the tower, holding a white handkerchief in his hand. He spoke in a loud voice, ' Men who are in the tower, do you know me ? ' A voice — the voice of Imanus — replied from the summit, ' Yes.' The following dialogue between the two voices reached the ears of those who were near enough. ' I am the envoy of the Republic.' *' You are the former cure of Parigue.' ' I am the delegate of the Committee of Public Safety.' ' You are a priest.' ' I am the representative of the law.' 'You are a renegade.' ' I am the commissioner of the Revolution.' ' You are an apostate. ' I am Cimourdain.' 41 You are the devil.' ' Do you know me ? ' ''We hate you.' 'Would you be content if you had me in your power ? ' ' We are here eighteen, who would give our heads to have yours.' 'Very well; I come to deliver myself up to you.' From the top of the tower rang a burst of savage laughter, and this cry — ' Come ! ' The camp waited in the breathless silence of ex pectancy. Cimourdain resumed, ' On one condition.' ' What ? ' ' Listen.' ' Speak.' ' You hate me ? ' ' Yes.' ' And I love you. I am your brother.' The voice from the top of the tower replied — ' Yes —Cain.' Cimourdain went on in a singular tone at once loud and sweet: 'Insult me; but listen. I come here under a flag of truce. Yes, you are my brothers. You are poor mistaken creatures. I am your friend. I am the light, and I speak to ignorance. Light is always brotherhood. Besides, have we not all the same mother — our country ? Well, listen to me ; you will know hereafter, or your children will know, or your children's children will know, that what is done in this moment is brought about by the law above, and , that the Revolution is the work of God. While await ing the time when all consciences, even yours, shall | understand this ; when all fanaticisms, even yours, j shall vanish ; while waiting _ for this great light to spread, will no one have pity on your darkness r I come to you, I offer you my head ; I do more. I hold out my hand to you. I beg of you the favour to de stroy me in order to save yourselves. I have un j limited authority, and that which I say I can do. This is a supreme moment, I make a last effort. Yes, he who speaks to you is a citizen, andiu this citizen — yes — there is a priest. The citizen defies you, but the priest imploreB you. Listen to me. Many among you have wives and children. I am defending your children and your wives — defending them against yourselves. Oh, my brothers' ? ' Go on ! Preach ! ' sneered Imanus. ' My brothers, do not let the terrible horn sound. Throats are to be cut. Many among us who are here before you will not see to-morrow's sun ; yes, many of us will perish, and you— you all are going to die. Show mercy to yourselves. Why shed all this blood when it is useless ? Why kill so many men when it would suffice to kill two ? ' ' Two ? *' repeated Imanus. ' Yes. Two.' 'Who?' 'Lantenac and myself.' . ?? Cimourdain spoks more loudly. 'Two men aretoo- - many. Lantenac for us ; I for you. This is what I propose to yep, and you will all have your lives safe. Give us Lantenac and take me. Lantenac will be guillotined, and you shall do what you choose with me.' 'Priest,' howled Imanus, 'if we had thee, we would roast thee at a slow fire ! ' ' I consent,' said Cimourdain. He went on : ' You, the condemned who are in this tower, you can all in an hour be living aud free. I bring you safety. , Do ynu accept ? ' Imanus burst forth : ' You are notonly a villain, you are a madman. Ah, there, why do you come here is disturb us ? Who asked you to come and speak to us? We give up monseigneur ? What is it you want ? ' ' His head. And I offer ' ? 'Your skin. Oh, we would flay you like a dog. Cure Cimourdain ! Well, no ; your skin is not worth his head.- Get away with you.' ' The massacre will be horrible. For the last time — reflect.' Night had come on during this strange colloquy, which could be heard without and within the tower. The Marquis de Lantenac kept silence, and allowed events to take their course. Leaders hare such an indirect kind of self-love ; it is one of the rights ot re sponsibility. Imanus no longer addressed himself to Cimourdain. he shouted, ' Men, who attack us, we have submitted our propositions to you — they are settled — we hare nothing to change in them. Accept them, else — woe to all ! Do you consent ? We will give you up tke three children, and you will allow liberty aud life to us all.' ' To all, yes,' replied Cimourdain, ' except one.' 'And that?' ' Lantenac.' ?' Monseigneur ! Give up monseigneur ? Never ! ' ' We can only treat with you on that condition.' ' Then begin.' Silence fell. Imanus descended after having sounded the signal on his horn ; the marquis took his sword in. his hand ; the nineteen besieged grouped themselves in silence behind the retirade of the lower hall ani sank upon their knees. They could hear the mea sured tread of the column as it advanced towards the tower in the gloom. The sound came nearer. Sud denly they heard it close to them, at the very mouth of the breach. Then all, kneeling, aimed their guns and blunderbusses acrosB the openings of the barri cade, and one of them — Grand- Francccur, who was the priest Turmeau — raised himself with, a naked sabre in his right hand and a crucifix in his left, saying in a solemn voice, ' In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ! ' All fired at the same time, and the battle began. Chapter IX. — Titans against Giants. The encounter was frightful. This hand-to-hand contest went beyond the power of fancy in its awful ness. To find anything similar it would be necessary to go back to the great duels of JEschylus, or the ancient feudal butcheries, to ' those attacks with short arms ' which lasted down to the seventeenth century, when men penetrated into fortified places by concealed breaches ; tragic assaults, where, says the old sergeant of the province of Alentejo, ' when the mines had done their work, the besiegers advanced bearing planks covered with sheets of tin, and armed with round shields, and furnished with grenades, they forced thoBe who held the entrenchments, or retirades, to abandon them, and, thus- become masters, they vigorously drove in the besieged.' The place ot attack was terrible ; it was what ia military language is called ' a covered breach,' that is to say, a crevasse traversing the wall through and through, and not an extended fracture open to the day. The powder had acted like an auger. The effect of the explosion had been so violent that the tower was cracked for more than forty feet above the cham ber of the mine, but this was only a crack ; the prac tical rent which served as a breach, and gave admit tance into the lower hall, resembled a thrust from a. lance, which pierces, rather than a blow from an axe, which gashes. It was a puncture in the flank of the tower ; a long cut, something like the mouth of a well, a passage, twisting and mounting like a gut along the wall fifteen feet in thicknesB ; a misshapen cylinder, encumbered withobstacles, traps, stones broken by the explosion ; where any one entering struck his head against the granite rock, his feet against the rubbish, while the darkness blinded him, The assailants saw before them this black gap, the mouth of a gulf, which had for upper and lower jaws all the stones of the jagged wall ; a shark's mouth has not more teeth than had this frightful open ing. It was necessary to enter this gap and to get out of it. Within was the wall ; without rose the retirade. Without — that is to say in the hall of the ground floor. The encounters of sappers in covered galleries when the counter- mine Eucceeds in cutting the mine, the butcheries in the gun-decks of vessels boarded in a naval engagement, alone have this ferocity. To fight in the bottom of a grave— it is the supreme degree of horror. It is frightful for men to meet in the death struggle in such narrow bounds. At the inBtant when the first rush of besiegers entered, the whole retirade blazed with lightnings — it was like a thunder-bolt bursting under-ground. The thunder of the assailants replied to that of the ambuscade. The detonations answered one another ; Gauvain' s voice was heard shouting, ' Break them in!' Then Lantenac's cry, ' Hold firm against the enemy ! ' Then Imanus's yell, ' Here, you men of the Main ! ' Then the clash of sabres clashing against sabres, and echo after echo of terrible discharges that killed right and left. The torch fastened against the wall dimly lighted the hor rible scene. It was impossible clearly to distingiilsh. anything ; the combatants struggled amid a lurid night; whoever entered was suddenly struck deaf and blind ; deafened by the noise, blinded by the smoke. The combatants trod upon the corpses ; they tore the wounds of the injured men lying helplesB amid the rubbish ; stamped recklessly upon limbs already broken ; the sufferers uttered awful groans ; the dying fastened their teeth in the feet of their unconscious tormentors. Then for an instant wonld come a silence more dreadful than the tumult. The foes collared each other ; the hissing sound of their breath could ' be heard, the gnashing of teeth, death-groans, curses ; then the thunder would recommence. A stream of blood flowed from the tower through the breach and spread away across the darkness, and formed smok ing pools upon the^grass. One might have said tha giant, the tower, had been wounded, and wa bleeding. Strange thing, scarcely a sound of the struggle could be heard withbut. The night was very black, and a sort of funereal calm reigned in plain and forest around the beleaguered forest. Hell was within ; the grave without. This shock of men exterminating each other amid the darkness, these musket volleys. these clam ours, these shouts of rage, all that din expired beneath that mass of walls and arches ; air was lacking, and suffocation added itself to the carnage. Hardly a sound reached those outside the tower. The little children slept. The desperate 6trife grew madder. The retirade held firm. Nothing more difficult than to force a, barricade with a re-entering angle. If the besieged ? had numbere against them, they had at least the posi lion, in their favour. The e terming column lost ?nway men- Stretched in a long *liue outside the *-wesr, it forced its way slowly in' through the 'Opening of the breach like a snake twisting itself into lis den. Gauvain, with the natural imprudence ot a youth leader, was in the hall in the thickest of the melee, THth the bullets flying in every direction about his Jiead. Besides the imprudence of his age, he had the assurance of a man who had never been wounded. * «e *urne-^ about to give an order, the glare -« a volley of musketry lighted up a face (dose beside him. ' Cimourdain 3 ' he cried ; ' what are vou doing Aere?' ' D It was indeed Cimourdain. He replied, ' I have -come to be near you.' 'But you will be killed ! ' *' Very well — you— what are you doing, then ? ' ' I am necessary here ; you are not.' Since you are here, I must be here too.' ?' No, my master.' Yes, my child ! ' And Cimourdain remained near Gauvain, The dead lay in heaps on the pavement of the hall. Although the retirade was not yet carried, numbers 'would evidently conquer at last. The assailants were shdtered and the assailed under cover ; ten besiegers iiell to one among the besieged, but the besiegers were constantly renewed. The assailants increased, and .the assailed grew less. The nineteen besieged were all behind the retirade, because the attack was made there. They had dead and wounded among them. Not more than fifteen could fight now. One of the most furious, Chante en-hiver, had been horribly mutilated. He was a «tubhy, woolly-haired Breton ; little and active. He lad an eye gouged out and his jaw broken. He still could walk. He dragged himself up the spiral stair case, and readied the chamber' of the first floor, hoping *to be able to say a prayer there and die. He backed 3umself against the wall near the loophole in order to ^neath a little fresh air. Beneath, in front of the barricade, the butchery be came more and more horrible. In a pause between the answering discharges, Cimourdain raised his voice. Besieged! ' cried, he, 'why let any more blood iow ? You are beaten. Surrender ! Think — we are four thousand five hundred men against nineteen — that is to say, more than two hundred against one. Surrender ! ' Let us put a stop to those hypocritical babblings,' xetorted the Marquis de Lantenac. .And twenty balls answered Cimourdain. The retirade did not reach to the arched roof ; this space permitted the besieged to fire from the barri cade, but it also gave the besiegers an opportunity to scale it. ' Assault the retirade ! ' cried Gauvain. ' Is there any man willing to scale the retirade ? ' ' I,' said Sergeant Radoub. Chapter X. — Radoub. Here a sort of stupor seized the assailants. Radoub lad entered the breach at the head of the column, and of those men of the Parisian battalion of which he xutde the sixth, four had already fallen. After he bad uttered that shout — ' I ! ' he was seen to recoil instead of advance. Doubled up, bent forward, almost creeping between the legs of the combatants, he re gained tbe opening of the breach and rushed out. 'Was it a flight ? A man like this to fly ? What did St mean ? When he was outside, Radoub, still blinded by the smoke,' rubbed his eyes as if to clear them from the horror of the cavernous night he had just left, and studied the wall of the tower by the starlight. He nodded his head, as if to say, ' I was not mistaken.' Radoub had noticed that the deep crack made by the explosion of the mine extended above the breach to the loophole of the upper story, the iron grating of which had been shattered by a ball. The network of broken bars hung loosely down, so that a man could enter. A could enter, but could he climb up ? By the crevice it might have been possible for a cat to mount. JSuch was Radoub. He belonged to the race which Pindar calls ' the active athletes.' One may he an old soldier and a young man. Radoub, who had belonged to the French Guards, waB not yet forty. He was a nimble Hercules. Radoub threw his musket on the ground, took off \ his shoulder-belt, laid aside his coat and jacket, guarding his two pistols, which he thrust in his , trouBers belt, and his naked sabre, which he held be tween his teeth. The butt-ends of the pistols pro- 1 iruded above his belt. This lightened of everything useless, and followed in the obscurity by the eyes of all such of the attack ing column as had not yet entered the breach, he began te climb the stonesof the cracked wall as if they had been the steps of a staircase. Having no shoes was «n advantage— nothing can cling like a naked foot — lie twisted his toes into the holes of the stones. He hoisted himself with his fists, and bore his weight on | his knees. The ascent was a hazardous one ; it was somewhat like climbing along the teeth of a gigantic Saw. «« Luckily,' thought he, ' there is nobody iu the ''bfrnhpr of the first story, else I should not be i allowed to climb up like this,' He had not more than forty feet left to mount. He was somewhat encumbered by the projecting butt- ] ends of his pi6tolB, and as he climbed the crevice nar- j rowed, rendering the ascent more and mere difficult, so that the danger of falling increased as he went on. At last he reached the frame of the loophole and pushed aside the twisted and broken grating, eo that he had space enough to pass through. He raised Vimnplf for a last powerful effort, rested Ws knee on the cornice of tbe ledge, seized with one hand a bar of the grating at the left, with the other a bar at the right, lifted half his body in front of the embrasure of the loophole, and sabre between his teeth, hung thus suspended by his two fists over the abyss. It only 'needed one spring more to land him in the chamber of the first floor. But a face appeared in the opening. Radoub saw a frightful spectacle rise suddenly before him in the gloom ; an eye torn out, a jaw fractured, a bleeding mask. This mask, which had only one eye left was watch ing him. This mask had two hands ; these two hands thrust themselves out ef the darkness of this loophole and clutched 5 at Radoub; one of them seized the two Eietols in kis belt, the other snatched the sword from etween his teeth. Radoub was disarmed. His knee slipped upon the inclined plane of the cornice ; his two fists, cramped about the bars of the grating, barely suffioed to sup port and beneath was a sheer descent of forty feet. This mask and these hands belonged to Chanteen hiver. Suffocated br the smoke which rose from the room below, Chante-en-hiver had succeeded in entering the embrasure of the loophole ; the air from without had revived him ; the freshness of the night had congealed the blood, and his strength had in a measure come back. Suddenly he perceived the torso of Radoub rise in front of the embrasure. Radoub, having Ms hands twisted about the bars, had no choice but to let him self fell oi allow himself to be disarmed, bo Chante ea-JuT$J- ifift » fcanifete yuetosMj ted ti&SP; tt» tF9 pistols out of his belt and the sabre from between his ttttii. Then commenced an unheard-of duel — a duel be tween the disarmed and the wounded. Evidently the dying man had the victory in his own hands. A single shot would suffice to hurl Radoub into the yawning gulf beneath his feet. Luckily for Radoub, Chante-en-hiver held both pistols in the same hand, so that he could not fire either, and was forced to make use of the sabre. He struck Radoub a blow on the shoulder with the point. The sabre-stroke wounded Radoub, but saved his life. The soldier was unarmed, but in full possession of his strength. Regardless of his wound, which indeed was only a flesh-cut, he swung his body vigorously forward, loosed his hold of the bars, and bounded through the loophole. There he found himself face to face with Chante en-hiver, who had thrown the sabre behind him, and was clutching a pistol in either hand. Chante-en-hiver had Radoub close to the muzzle as he took aim upon his knees, but his enfeebled arm trembled, and he did not fire at once. Radoub took advantage of this respite to burst out laughing. ' I say, ugly face ! ' cried he, ' do you suppose you frighten me with your raw bullock's head r Thunder and Mars, how they have shattered your features ! ' Chante-en-hiver took aim. Radoub continued : ' It is not polite to mention it, but the grape-shot has dotted your mug very neatly. Bellona has peppered your physiognomy, my lad. Come, come ; spit out your little pistol-shot, my good fellow ! ' Chante-en- hiver fired ; the ball passed so close to Radoub's head that it carried away part of the ear. His foe raised the second pistol in his other hand, but Radoub did not give him time to take aim. ' It is enough to lose one ear,' cried he. ' You have wounded me twice. It is my turn now.' He flung himself on Chante-en-hiver, knocked aside his arm with such force that the pistol went off and the ball whizzed against the ceiling. He seized his enemy's broken jaw in both hands and twisted it about. Chante-en-hiver uttered a howl of pain and fainted. Radoub straddled across, his body and left him lying in the embrasure of the loophole. ' Now that I have announced my ultimatum, don't yeu stir again,' said he. ' Lie there, you ugly crawling snake. You may fancy that I am not going to amuse myself massacring you. Crawl about on the ground at your ease — under foot is the place for you. Die — you can't get over that. In a little while you will leam what nonsense your priest has talked to you. Away with you into the great mystery, peasant ! ' And he hurried forward into the room. ' One cannot Bee an inch before one's nose,' gmmbled he. Chante-en-hiver began to writhe convulsively up^n the floor and utter fresh moans of agony. Radoub turned back. ' Hold your tongue ! Do me the favour to be Bilent, citizen, without knowing it. I cannot trouble myself further with you. I should scorn to make an end of you. Just let me have quiet.' Then he thrust his hands into his hair as he stood watching Chante-en-hiver. ' But here, what am I to do now ? It is all very fine, but I am disarmed. I had two shots to fire, and you have robbed me ot them, animal ! Aud with all that, a smoke that would blind a dog ! ' Then his hand touched his wounded ear. ' Oh 2 ' he exclaimed. Then he went on : ' You have gained a great deal by confiscating one of my ears ! However, I would rather have one lesB of them than anything else — an ear is only an ornament. You have scratched my shoulder too ; but that is nothing. Expire, villager — I forgive you.' He listened. The din from the lower room was fearful. The combat had grown more furious than ever. ' Things are going well down there,' he muttered. ' How they howl ' Long live the King ! ' One must admit that they die bravely.' His foot struck against the sabre. He picked it up, and said to Chante-en-hiver, who no longer stirred, and who might indeed be dead — ' See here, man of the woods, I will take my sabre ; you have left me that, anyway. But I wanted my pistols. The Devil fly away with you, savage t Oh there ! what am I to do now ? I am no good whatever here.' He advanced into the hall trying to guide his steps in the gloom. Suddenly, in the shadow behind the central pillar, he perceived a long table upon which something gleamed faintly. He felt the objects. They were blunderbusses, carbines, pistols, a whole row of fire-armB laid out in order to his hand ; it was the reserve of weapons the besieged had provided in this chamber, which would be their second place of stand. ' A whole arsenal ! ' cried Radoub. And he clutched them right and left, dizzy with joy. Thu6 armed, he became formidable. He could see, at the back of the table, the door of the staircase, which communicated with the rooms above and below, ? standing wide open. Radoub seized two pistols, and ? fired them at random through the doorway ; then he snatched a blunderbuss, and fired that ; then a gun, loaded with buckBhot, and discharged it. The tromblon, vomiting forth its fifteen balls, sounded like a vollev of grapeshot. He got his breath back, and shouted down the staircase, in a voice of thunder, *' Hurrah for Paris ! ' Then seizing a second blunderbuss, still bigger than the first, he aimed it towards the staircase, and waited. The confusion in the lower hall was indescribable. This unexpected attack from behind paralysed the besieged with astonishment. Two balls from Radoub's triple fire had taken effect ; one had killed the elder of the brothers Pique-en-Bois, the other had killed De Quelen, nicknamed Houzard. -? They are on the floor above ! ' cried the Marquis. At tTiio cry the men abandoned the retirade ; a flock of birds could not have fled more quickly ; they plunged madly toward the staircase. The Marquis encouraged the flight. '? Quick, quick J ' he exclaimed. ' There is most courage now in escape. Let us all get up to the second floor. 'We will begin again there.' He left* the re ! tirade the last. This brave act saved his life. Radoub, ambushed at the top of the stairs, watched the retreat, finger on trigger. The first who appeared at the turn of the spiral steps received the discharge of his gun full in their faces, and fell. Had the Mar quis been among them he would have been killed. Before Radoub had time to seize another weapon, the others passed him ; the Marquis behind ill the rest, and moving more 6lowly. . Believing the first-fleor chamber filled with the be siegers, the men did not pause there, but rushed on and gained the room above, which was the hall of the mirrors. There was the iron door ; there was the sulphur-match ; it was there, they must capitulate or die. Gauvain had been as much astounded as the be sieged by the detonations from the staircase, and was unable to understand how aid could have reached him in that quarter ; and he took advantage without wait ing to comprehend. He leaped over the retirade, fol lowed by his men, and pursued the*fugitives up to the first floor. There he found Radoub. The sergeant saluted, and Baid : ' One minute, . commandant. I did that. I remembered Dol. I fol jtowed plAQj I twk tUs «w»y between tiro ' A good scholar,' answered Gauvain, With a smile. After one has been a certain length of time in the darkness, the eyes, like those of a night-bird, become accustomed to the obscurity. Gauvain perceived that Radoub was covered with blood. ?* But you are wounded, comrade ! ' he exclaimed. ' Never mind that, commandant ! What differ ence doe6 it make — an ear more or less ! I got a sabre thrust, too, but it is nothing. One always cuts one self a little in breaking a window. It is only losing a little blood.1' The besiegers made a halt in the first-floor chamber, which had been gained by Radoub. A lantern was brought. Cimourdain rejoined Gauvain. They held a council. It was indeed time to reflect. The be siegers were not in the secrets oi their foes ; they were unaware of the lack of ammunition ; they did not know that the defenders of the tower were short of powder ; that the second floor must be the last post where a stand could be made ; the assailants could not tell but the staircase might be mined. One thing was certain, the enemy could not escape. Those who had not been killed were as safe as if under lock and key. Lantenac was in the trap. Certain of this, the besiegers could afford to give themselves time to choose the best means of bringing about their end. Numbers among them had been killed already. The thing now was to spare the men as much as possible in this last assault. The risk of this final attack would be great. The first fire would without doubt be a hot one. The combat was interrupted. The besiegers, masters of the ground and first floors, waited the orders of the Commander-in-Chief to renew the conflict. Gauvain and Cimourdain were holding council. Radoub assisted in silence at their deliberation. At length he timidly hazarded another military salute. 'Commandant?' ' What is it, Radoub ? ' ' Have I a right to a little recompense*? ' ' Yes, indeed. Ask what you like.' ' I ask permission to be first to mount.' It was impossible to refuse him ; in fact, he would have done it without permission. 