ROBERT AINSLEIGH. 'Lwhj Audlty's iSVrcf," " Aurora Floyd," tfce,, <£* C'llAPTEK XXL IS THE BLACK HOLE. BY THE AUTHOR OF At five o'clock the Nabob entered the fort, sent his officers at once to soke upon the company's treasury, and installed himself with all pomp in the chief apartment of the factory, where he received the servile compliments of hi* flatterers, who extolled the conquest of a handful of worn-out civilians with such florid loque.nce as may have been lavished on Alex, under after the battle of Gaugamola. Omichund and Raja Bullub's son were both sum. moiled before this eastern tyrant, who received them with promising civility ; after which he. sent for Mr. Hohvell, whom he favoured with no less than three interviews, the last in Durbar, or solemn council, at a little before seven o'clock. At this last- interview I had the honor to lie present, in attendance on my master, ami for the first time beheld the tyrant whose sanguinary reign was happily to be of the briefest. I saw a handsome young man of the higher eastern type, superbly attired, and glittering witli jewels, who surveyed my patron and myself with suspicious, if nut malevolent, looks. He had been much disappointed by the contents of the treasury—some fifty thousand rupees—and accused us of having hidden or buried the Company's wealth. " But you will show me where it is hidden, or it will be the worse for you," he said in a threatening tone. Mr. Holwell assured him in the most emphatic manner that the money in the treasury constituted the sole funds of the Compauy at this settlement. " Would you make me eat dirt ?" he cried contemptuously; " would you fool lue with your English lies ! You arc all thieves, and have robbed my honored grand-uncle, the late Nabob, for the last fifteen years. You sell your passports to Gentoo merchants, who thus cheat us of our revenues. You took payment for your protection of that Gentoo traitor, Kissendass, and the wealth which he has stolen from my uncle's treasury. You have fattened too long upon the laud, and it is time there should be an end of you. Insliallah, did I not swear to my dying grand-uncle that I would blot you from the face of the country, and shall I not keep mv oath ?" This was by no means promising; but Mr. Holwell contrived so lar to mitigate the Soubahdar's displeasure that he presently dismissed us for the uight, with a languid yawn, after pledging his word as a soldier that no harm should happen to us. Cheered by this hopeful prospect, we left the royal presence, and were at once conducted to the Arched Veranda, west of the Black-Hole Prison,, where we found the rest of our wretched company, many among them severely wounded, and all exhausted by days of struggle and nights of watching. Here they were all gathered—some leaning against the wall, others seated hopelessly on the ground—- helpless and meek as sheep in an overcrowded market awaiting the butcher, and closely guarded. For some time we remained in patient silence, broken only by the feeble groans of the wounded, until flames breaking out right and left of us caused a sudden panic. We thought our enemies were going to suffocate us between two fires, and were confirmed in this fear by seeing officers and people with lighted torches going into all the apartments under the easterly curtain to the right of us, bent, as wo. supposed, on setting fire to thorn. A few minutes' hurried consultation succeeded, and rather tliau wait to be roasted alive, wc determined upon failing on the guard, seizing their cimeters, and tryiug to cut our way through the troops on the parade. Before thus desperately rushing on almost certain death, Mr. Hohveil advanced to watch the proceedings of the, men with torches, and returned to tell us they were no incendiaries, but were only seeking a place in which to confine us far the uight. At this moment Leech, the Company's smith, who had made his escape ivhcn the Nabob entered the fort, approached Mr. Holwell, and told him in a whisper that ho had a boat ready, and knew of a secret passage through which he would conduct him to the river. My patron nobly refused to leave the companions who had so affectionately confided in hiin, and Leech as nobly volunteered to remain and share his fate, which generous resolution, I regret to say, cost the poor fellow his life. All tliiB was decided in a few hurried whispers, and was scarce settled when a body of the guard advanced to us, with the officers .wlxose blazing torches liad so alarmed us, They ordered us into the barracks, a groat open place, with arches feeing westward, and furnished with a spacious wooden platform, on which wc might have passed the night in tolerable comfort. c. Wo entered willingly, eager to repose even on this Spartan couch; but were no sooner within the barracks than the guards advanced to the inner arches and parapet wall, and, with presented muskets, ordered us to go into that small square room in wliicli I had already spent a night, commonly called the Black- Hole Prison; whilst others from the court, olT guard, pressed upon us witli clubs and drawn eiiuefei's. So sudden and unexpected was the stroke, and so great the throng and pressure upon us, tliat we rolled like a torrent into the prison ; though, I think, liad many of ns known the narrow limits of the dungeon, we should, even in this last extremity, liave rushed upon the guard and suffered them to hew us piecemeal rather than force us living into that torture-chamber. X<»w followed a sceno of horror I thiuk unparalleled in the history of past ages. One hundred and fortv-six wretches, many among them wounded past hope, all exhausted by continual fatigue and action, jammed together in a space, of eighteen feet square, open only by two small close- barred windows looking to the westward, a quarter whence at this season no ,iir could come. The first impulse was one wild hurst of rage. A block of living creatures rolled desperately against the door, in the hope to force it open, lint., alas! the door opened iawards, and this dead weight could do nothing against it. Some of these unarmed wretches next tried to drag it open with their hands and nails, and fell back presently with bleeding, lacerated fingers, howling with pain. I, who M as at this period crushed into a comer with Philip Hays weight leaning full upon me, and the blood from a sabre-wound on his forehead trickling slowly on my face, could but indistinctly perceive what was passing. After some minutes of riot and confusion, I heard my patron's voice, sounding singularly calm and clear above the clamour of the rest. He had fortunately been among the first to enter our dungeon, and had thus been earned close to one of the •windows. He exhorted us in the most pathetic terms to a patient endurance of our sufferings, as the only means whereby we might any of us hope to survive the night. On this followed a brief interval of comparative tranquility, during which, by the surging moveiueut of the restless crowd, I was borne without effort of mj' own close to the window at which Mr. Holwell was posted, Philip Hay's weight still bearing down upon me, aud was by this accident of position among the few who outr lived the night. Near me, clinging to the bars of the window, I perceived a sergeant's wife, one Mrs. Carey, the only woman among us, wliose husband was also in the prison. Nothing could be more admirable than mv patron's calmness throughout this night of horror. He watched the faces of the guard who were posted outside the bars of our window, and whose countenances were now made visible by the fitful glare of their torches, now hidden in darkness. Among these was an old Indian sergeant, in whose looks Mr. Holwell read something like pity. He implored this man to get us relieved by being divided into separate cells, since there were chambers enough in wltich we could be placed. He further pressed his entreaty by the promise of a thousand rupees, to be paid the sergeant next morning. The man disappeared, and for a few delicious moments wc, who had heard the brief dialogue enjoyed the rapture of hope. He returned but too soou, to tell us the thing was impossible. Mr. Holwell was not to be satisfied so easily. He reiterated his entreaties, aud this time doubled his promised reward. Again the sergeant withdrew, aud again returned with the same answer. The thing was impossible without the Soubahdar's order. The Soubalidar was sleeping, and no one darnl waken him. One hundred and fortysix wretches languishing in the awful tortures of suffocation, and for them there is no hope because the Soubalidar is sleeping! I think there is one last long slumber from which Suraja Doulah, Soubalidar of Bengal, Behar, and Orixa, will be awakened without ceremony, and tliat the waking will hardly be a pleasant one. We had not been shut into this hole of horrors ten minutes when every one among us fell into a perspiration so profuse as to drain every drop of moisture from our bodies. This brought on a raging thirst, which increased every instant. Some now proposed that we should strip ourselves of our clothes, and thus gain at once space aud coolness. Many did so, though I can but wonder how they contrived to tear off their garments, so closely were wo wedged together. It was then recommended that we should all sit down; and this advice we several times obeyed for a few minutes at a time; but every time the word was given to "rise," somo of,the weaker among tts wcro trampled or crushed^n the struggle, never to rise again. .. .' . J ' Before we liad boen more than an liour immured, our thirst became painful to an almost maddening degree, aud a cry for water was repeated without cessation. It was a hoarse, perpetual clamour, which resembled the insensate lowing of thirsty cattle rather than the reasonable dcinaud of humanity. And at this juncture the veiy compassion which sought to aid us was made an instrument of our destruction; for the old Indian sergeant, biking pity on our agonies, ordered some skius of water to be brought to the window. The water appeared, but the openings between the bars were too narrow to enable the skins to bo passed in to ns. A clamour and raving as of a thousand devils aroseand many bewildered wretches fought fiiriously with one another without knowing what they did. Sir. Holwell and two others near the window contrived to pass a little water in among us in hats; but in the fury and contention of this mad crowd these precious draughts were wasted, and but a few drops reached the lips of the stronger strugglcr who last seized the fragile vessel The very sight of this water seemed to increase our thirst twenty-fold, though it liad been unbeatable before ; for to this agony there appears to be no limit. The cries and ravings of those beyond the reach of this too-tantalizing relief were awful beyond description. I heard old ond valued friends calling on my patron by every adjuration of affection for but a few drops to relieve their tortures. Some desperate creatures made a frantic effort to reach the windows, and many were trampled to death beneath their reckless feet. Over these corpses the crowd clambered and struggled, uuawed by the horrors of death, each sufferer bent only on obtaining relief for his own pangs. Can humanity in the West conceive so horrid a picture of Eastern cruelty ? These hellish agonies proved vastly entertaining to the guard without, who held their torches close to the bars, and peered in upon us with hideous grins upon their black faces, jeering and hooting at us for very joy. I cannot imagine a more vivid vision of helL A herd of suffering wretches, witli parched tongues lolling from their fevered lips, wrestling insensately with each other in the thick smoke and stench of Tophet, while black-faced demons glare upon and gloat over their anguish! I think I must have been delirious at this time; for I heard a voice, which was my own and yet seemed not my own, repeating the words of Dives; " Father Abraham, have mercy on me, aud send Lazarus, tliat he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame." 0 God, what a Pandemonium? On one side rose the blasphemies and imprecations of unbelieving despair; on another, fainter pmyers for release or death; the choking sobs and hollow groans of the dying; the Babelclamour of several languages; while near the windows the crowd were assailing the guard with every imaginable insult, in the hope tliat they would fire in upon us, and put an cud to our misery. Whatcut short so amusing a comedy I To such spectators the best drolling in Bartleiuy Fair would have been a poorer show. Was it to be supposed these merry souls would sacrifice such pleasant entertainment as this exhibition afforded them? 1 know not at what hour it was, or how long I had suffered. I know it seemed as if I. had been in that foul pit a lifetime, when I felt Philip Hay's arm round my neck, and heard him whispering in my ear. " Bob," he said, " liave you ever forgiven me for selling you into bondage?" You know I was so foolish as to forgive you long ago." « You are the best of creatures. Oh, Bob, what a scoundrel I have been ! My life lias been one long villany. I think I was only born into this world to speak lies and plot treachery. But I was bom so poor. Poverty is the father of scoundrels. But I am dying; and I want you to bless me before I die. Let me suck the sweat from your shirt-sleeve ; 'tis my sole chance of moistening tliis red-hot furnace in my throat. Would you bless me, if I gave you your freedom 1 Supposing you ever escape from this hell, and get back to England, which is doubtful, would you bless me if I told you that the marriage in Fleetlane was no marriage—tliat Maigeiy Hawker is no wife of yours?" " What do you mean 1" I gasped. " I mean tliat her name is Margery Hay. She is my wife. I was in Paris with those two before I limited you out in the Temple. I liadheiped in the elopement, you. know, and was his gentleman body-servant, henchman, bully, and hanger-on in general. The poor child fretted over her dishonour, and ho proposed to make an honest woman of her by marrying her—to me. I know not by what process of reasoning lie won her consent; but ho did win it. 8ho was to go back to licr father and mother as the wife of a doccut gentleman, ouo Mr, Philip Hay, and not as tho poor waif and stray she was. Wo were married by tho chaplain of tho British Legation—I in tho character of Mr. Lestrange's socrotaiy; but beyond that marriage ceremony wo aw, no more man and wife than I and the Empress Catherine. Mr. Lcstrange contrived to prevent tho poor soul's return to tho lioino from which ho stole her, for, you see, at this time he had not quite made up his mind tliat ho was tired of her; and he despatched me to London in search of you, with ample instructions for my part of spy. Then arose the notable scheme of marrying Maigery to you, to prevent your marriage with Miss Dorothea aud thus make assurance doubly sure in the event of our kidnapping plan proving a failure. A tangled web of intrigue, is it not ? I left the certificate of my marriage in the safe keeping of a friend in London, in ease it should ever lie wanted." " What friend!" I asked eagerly; for I fell him growing heavier as he hung upon me, wliile his whispers sounded fainter in 1113- car. "Your friend's name, Phil!" I cried; "for God's sake tell me that!" " A lawyer, aud a fellow I can trust. A scoundrel, Bob; but your thorough-paced scoundrels can trust each other. It's only your half-and-half rogue who turns traitor." "His name?" "Too late. His arm loosened upon my neck, and he slipped down iu a sitting position, not to rise again within my knowledge. I tried to bend over him, iu the hope of picking him up, but found myself powerless to move a limb, so close was I picked. A faint glimmer of dawn now lighted the cliaml>er and I looked right and left at my neighbours. One was a topaz, the other an English sergeant, both dead. They stood on each side of me, statue-like aud hideous figures—dead, but unable to fall, from the equal pressure round us. O11 the opposite side of the dungeon was the long wooden platform on which I had once slept. This was heaped with the dead aud dying—a very mountain of corpses. Of the revolting stench tliat now prevailed aud of other physical horrors, I dare not speak. As the day dawned, there arose a kind of calm; the clamour had altogether abated, so much were our numbers reduced by death. As the light increased, my breathing liecame every momeut more oppressive. I had lived through the night with intervals of delirium. In one of these I had fancied myself in a wooded valley at Hautcville, wliile before me, cool aud pellucid, stretched a great pool of water, the banks of which had been a favorite resort of mine and Margery's iu our brief happy childhood. This vision now returned, and 110 words can paint the agony with which I gazed on that delusive picture, longing to plunge iuto those cool depths, and yet bound hand aud foot by the pressure of our charnel-house. When this mirage faded, consciousness vanished with it. I was awakened by a rush of air and a sensation of acute agony, caused by the oppression of my head and chest. Lifting my eyelids with a painful effort, I perceived that the door of our duugeon stood a little way open. I heard afterwards that this had only been effected after full twenty minutes' labor, so difficult was it for the worn- out survivors to remove the dead piled up against this door. Of the one hundred and forty-six who entered tliat dungeon some twelve hours before twenty-three now crawled slowly out, one by one, between a lane of corpses ; nor do I think tliat in the seven circles of liis purgatory the Poet-seer beheld any ghosts more awful than those living creatures who thus emerged into the light of day. CHAPTER XXII. nrxi2Asn. I found myself shortly after our release sitting on the wet grass outside the veranda, in a stupefield condition, staring vacantly 011 the prostrate form of my patron, who was stretched at full length beside me. 1 think I had followed him and remained with him by a kind of instinct, which was something less than sense or affection; for my brain was dazed, and all tliat followed during this day, and several other days, seemed of the nature of a dream. First came a vision of a spacious chamber, adorned with a certain barbaric splendour— the throne- chamber of a conqueror—roughly put together in a house half destroyed by cannonsliot;—a handsome brown face and glittering eyes, arched brows of deepest black scowling upon us under a jewelled turban, and round about us a crowd of grinning slaves and parasites, and the flash of arms, and the gaudy coloring of Moorish uniforms. This is Suraja Doulah, before whom my patron has been brought to answer for his mis- deeds, and to confess what he has done with tho English wealth tliat is missing from the treasure chamber of the factory. I hear a voice that is strange and yet familiar relating, in faint, broken accents, the horrors of last night; and, looking towards the speaker, see Mr. Ilolwell sitting 011 a iieap of plundered books, supported 011 each side by a Moorish sergeant, and with a countenance more ghastly than death. Tho Sun of the State lias neither time nor attention for this stupid recital of human agony. "Tell mo where the English treasure is buried," he cries savagely; " that there is hidden wealth in this place, 1 know ; and yon, who held the fort when the others had lied, doubtless helped to put it away. Lead my treasurer to the hiding-place, or, by the soul of the Prophet, you shall be blown from a cannon's mouth before sunset." " Death, saheb, has no terror for me," answered Mr. Itolwell calmly; "I suffered hist night an anguish as many times worse than sudden death as there are grains in n handful of sand. Think not 1 fear death at the mouth of a camion, or from the lash of a native executioner." He then, with a most wonderful calmness, proceeded to assure the Soubahdar that none of the Company's money had been buried or hidden, and to explain how it happened that the treasury was so low at the time of tinsiege ; how the greater part of the native merchandise had been shipped before the month of April, while the vessels containing our British importations had not yet arrived ; and how we were thus as poor in goods as in cash, —which last was diminished by the largesums advanced to native factors, whose cottoustuffs would only be ready in the ensuiug year. The tyrant listened, but half-convinced as I could perceive, and, with a muttered execration, ordered us from his presence as prisoners, iu the charge of the general of the household troops. • Mr. Ilolwell reminded him of his solemn promise of honorable treatment; but this question he waived, and still liarped upon the hidden treasure. We were carried in a liackcrry to the general's camp, which lay within the Morattoe ditch, aud near Oiuichund's garden, full three miles from the fort. The rest of the survivors were set at liberty, with the exception of Mrs. Carev, our one female companion in tliat fatal death-chamber. This wretched creature— whose husband, a man of full habit, had expired of suffocation—happened to be young and liandsome. She was conducted at once to the Soubahdar's zenana; aud by this one cruel instance, we may divine what fate would liave awaited other Englishwomen had they been so unfortunate as to fall into the power of this Moorish profligate. Tho dead were thrown promiscuously into the ditch of an unfinished ravelin, and hastily covered with the loose earth. Arrived at the camp, we were loaded with fetters, aud thrust, with two miserable companions—also members of the Companys' civil service—into a sepoy's tent, four feet long by three wide, and about three feet high. Here we lay, half in and half out of the ten*.. But although a heavy rain fell without ceasing all through the ensuing night, it was as a night iu Paradise compared with the sufferings that had gone before. My next vision is of a mareli under the burning sun, the march of four ghastly figures, heavily laden with fetters, scarce able to drag their weary limbs onward at the savage word of command. Then a night in an open veranda fronting the broad bright river, the four wretches still laden with irons, and guarded by a strong detachment of stalwart Mahometans—it is so probable the.se feverstrickcn, fettered creatures will try to run away. Now comes a journey in an open boat, a journey that seems endless. The four English wretches have broken out. into boils, which spread all over their bodies like the boils of •lob. The boat draws a good deal of water, and the four sufferers lie 011 a bod of wet bamboos. When the crew are negligent of baling, the sufferers wake from fitful feverish slumber to find themselves half under water. But aftei the Black Hole this is luxury : yes, even though no one of the sufferers can move his cramped and fettered limbs without inflicting exquisite tortures upon himself, or 011 his companions. These travellers are half naked, and for sole defence from sun, rain, and dew, possess a ragged bit of matting, which they begged as they were leaving the dock-head at Calcutta. Their diet is rice-water gruel. And so up the noble river to the town of Hooghly, scarce a less gliastly burden than the corpses which piety sets afloat on the sacred waters. Forward again, with numerous misadventures, to Santipore, where our open boat broke down, and a request sent to the Zemindar for another boat was refused 3 and here, after incalculable sufferings endured by my patron, who was marched to the rebellious Zemindar ironed as ho was, his legs streaming with blood, his body faint and exlmusted by fever, fatigue, aud pain, wo were at last transferred to an open fishing-dingy. In this boat we endured a new torture from want of room, and so continued our voyage, which only ended on the afternoon of July 7th, having thus lusted thirteen days. Much kindness had been shown us on our way, notably by Mr. Law, the manager of the French factory, who bribed our guards to indulge us, and provided us with clothes, linen, provisions, liquors, and cash. We landed at Muxadavad, and after being marched as felons through the streets of the citv, were deposited iu an open stable near the Soubahdar's palace. Here we lay, closely guardon one side by Moors, on the other by (ientoos, and almost stifled by the crowds of spectators, who came from all quarters of the city to stare, at this pleasing show, and so blocked us iu from morning till night that we narrowly escaped ;i second suffocation. On the 11 til of duly the Soubahdar arrived at the city from Calcutta, which he had rechristened Allynuggur, the Fort of Ally, in pious commemoration of his heroic victory. We were how moved from the stable to u bungalow, and flattered with hopes of speedy release. These hopes were, however, suddenly destroyed by the intelligence that the Soubahdar had determined upon sending us back to Calcutta iu irons, to be delivered to the mercy of Manickchund, the new governor. My patron now abandoned himself to despair, protesting that we should never be got alive out of the hands of that Hindoo miser. Seeing nothing but destruction before us, we dined with the desperate appetite of wretches doomed t<» immediate execution, and lay down to sleep with the lazy apathy of despair. From this slumber we were wakened suddenly by the chief of our guard, who told us the Soubahdar was approaching on his way to the palace. Resolved to appeal once more to this wretch, we entreated the guard to leave us free to see and be seen by him; and when the royal litter came abreast of our shelter, saluted the tyrant witli the usual saliiain. Perchance some touch of pity was actually awakened iu tliat brutal breast; or it may have been that Suraja Doulah was weary of torturing us, aud was at last convinced of our poverty. He beckoned us to the side of his palanquin, stared at us inquisitively from head to foot for some moments, as at some curious spectaclc, and then ordered the guard to strike oil' our irons and set us free. It was all the work of a few minutes. We stood iu the road staring at one another stupidly, until one of us burst into tears, ami we fell upon each other's breasts and embraced as Englishmen rarely do in the most moving moments. (To be continued.) 