THE WEEK'S NEWS. Arrivals bt TEX Mail.—Among the Ben galore's passengers Is Captain Musgrave, His Excellency's Aide-de-Camp. We also weloome ' several old colonists—viz., Mr. E. M. Tonng and family, who will make a short stay here en route < for Melbourne; Mr. Robert Davenport and family; and Mr. David Robin, of the firm of Robin & Birks. Bushmen's Club.—We are pleased to" hear that the Directors -of the Bank of South Aus tralia have presented £10 10s. towards the Bushmen's Club funds. "William" also states that matters re the Inebriate Retreat are pro gressing very favourably, and anticipates a large and influential meeting on the 18th inst. The Executive Council. — The Governor held a Council on Thursday, at which two Ministers were present. The Chief Secretaey.—The Treasurer has been appointed Acting Chief Secretary during the absence of the Hon. A. Blyth in Victoria. The Incoming Steamer. — The Bangalore upon her arrival at Glene'g will receive rather more attention than the previous P. & 0. steamer did; the President of the Marine Board having drafted ose of the best idiots from the Semaphore Station, ana sent uIH ~ one of the beach boats to the mail hulk to await the vessel. ' , Letts's Diaries.—We have again received several of these eminently useful and neat pub lications. The Australasian editions contain a large amount of postal, telegraph, customs, banking, parliamentary, and general informa tion, which make the books valuable for refe rences and records. _ A telegraph route _ map of Australia accompanies many of the diaries in different sizes. It is somewhat amusing in this map, however, to note, that' in large letters a portion of th6 Northern Territory of South Aus tralia is styled Alexandra Land. Boobobowie Farming.—The rains, of which people at Booborowie bad an ample share, have pushed the summer-growing cropB into good heart. They came not too soon, for many hardy trees of three seasons' growth, with vines, &c.;, have died. Some tobacco seed had no moisture till January 12, the first rain, and did cot grow. The leaves in ordinary seasons would now be one foot in length. Other things suffered in pro portion, but strangely enough hop plants men tioned last year have not materially suffered, for they continued slowly advancing without moisture being artificially supplied. Since the showers three inches per day in some instances these hops have grown. There is on the south side of the Booborowie Gap a few acres of the holeuB saccharatus, which has rightly been called the farmers' friend. It was sown at the end of August in newly-fallowed ground, and it con tinued growing in spite of the drought as if watered, and it is now five feet high. like lucerne its green look attracts stock, and after a bite or so they take no further notice until accustomed to it chaffed and mixed with wheaten bay. Sunbuby Chapel, Troubridge Area.—The Wesleyan Chapel at Sunbury was opened on January 25, when sermons were preached in the morning by the Rev. W. T. Carter; afternoon and evening by the Rev. R. Kelly. On the next evening a successful tea meeting was held, and the public gathering afterwards was crowded. Mr. W. J. Wicks presided, and speeches were delivered by the RevB. Carter ana Kelly and other gentlemen. Excellent music was rendered by a choir conducted by Mr. L. F. Bawden, and accompanied by a harmonium lent by Mr. and Mrs. Carthill. The chapel is built of limestone, with brick dressings, has Gothic windows, measures 30 by 15 feet in the clear, has walls 12 feet high, and the roof is iron. The cost has been £120, and the estimated total expenses, when completed, is £160. The amount yet raised is £120, including the proceeds of collec tions and tea £20. It is intended to use the building as long as required for a day school, and a Committee has been appointed for making the necessary- arrangements and obtaining a teacher. Fatal Occurrence.—The eldest son of Mr. C. J. Simpson, of Gawler, while in company with some companions, was sitting upon the rati of a temporary bridge over the creek at Mr. W. Barrit's property near the town on Saturday, January 31, lost his balance and fell backward into the creek, a distance of about 15 feet. He was taken to Mr. Barrit's, and Dr. Lewis at tended him; but medical skill was unavailing, as the youth had broken bis spine. Although he could speak, and described to his father how the accident occurred, he was without feeling, and he expired at 12 o'clock next day. An in quest was not held, Dr. Lewis having certified as to the cause of death. Simpson was about 18 years eld, and apprenticed to Mr. Thompson, founder. He was a quiet well-conducted young man. Fields and Orchards.—Several large fires have been burning in the scrub near Meadows. Many potato crops are not worth digging, and tbe farmers intend putting the plough through them, and then turning the pigs into the fields. Several lots will not yield 5 cwt. to the aere. Fruit is abundant in the district, but small, and a large quantity of apples has been roasted upon the trees. At Clarendon settlers are busy gathering and storing their grain, also in digging up their potatoes; but the long-continued dry weather has diminished the yield. A bush fire has been raging eastward of Clarendon. The vineyards promise well, and there seems to be r.o disease affecting the vines. Many persons ex press regret at the prospect of losing our punctual maildriver, Mr. R. George. Stbange Spring.—Workmen who have boon forming the main road over the range from the Burra to Booborowie have discovered a freak of Nature in the shape of a water spring en the summit. It is close to the wall of the cutting, and has been preserved by the men, as if for their own use, and the water rises to the level of the finished road. The Grounding of the Mary King.—In a letter, dated Edithburgh, February 3, our local correspondent reports:—"On Saturday light, after the Mary King had reloaded and hauled from the jetty, she got aground and broke her rudder. It was considered necessary to dis charge the cargo, and through great exertions being made by Messrs. Darling & Sons' agents, with the assistance of Mr. Dinham, the loading was transhipped on Sunday to the ketches Active and Meteor. At about 2 a.m. on Monday the vessel was got clear by means of warp anchors abreast of her, and was hauled away. About da} break the steamtug Sophia arrived, and she towed the craft to Port Adelaide. It is nearly time that the Government Saw the neces sity of lengthening the jetty to give vessels sea room. The structure may suffice for small ketches, but craft which visit this port ought to be better protected, and it frequently happens that at low tide the steamers Royal Shepherd and Lubra cannot get alongside the jetty. The piles of wheat in the town would convince any official that we have a just claim for threo times the amount yet expended, so that the residents maybe able to speak of having a jetty, which at present is only a toy. It would be of great advantage and would prevent danger if the Marine Board would moor a buoy off the jetty, to enable vessels after being loaded to haul out and slip their hold after the sails were set and the vessel was brought properly before the wind. The Lay Element.—The important subject of lay representation was discussed at length in the South Australian Wesleyan Conference on Thursday, February 5, and a resolution recorded the conviction that it was desirable that the Conference should be composed of an equal number of ministers and laymen empowered to deal with all subjects affecting the Church, ex cept the question of ministerial character, the examination of which should be retained by the ministry. The important change now proposed in the constitution of the Conference is one that hns been long desired by a numerous and in fluential portion of the denomination. Accidents.—Henry Parner, a young mau, was unharnessing a horse at Port Pirie on Monday evening, February 2, when the animal in turning sharply to get into its stable jammed Parner's hands between the wheel of a dray and one of the posts of the stable. The sufferer was brought to the Adelaide Hospital on February 5, and is now progressing favourably. On Wed nesday, February 4, James Raymond, aged 14 years, whose parents live in the Tiers, was carting wood into the city; when the load cap sized upon him, and his head was brought into contact with a tree. He was admitted at the Hospital on Thursday, and his injuries are not believed to be serious. Sudden Death. — On Thursday afternoon, February 5, Charles Beddies, who formerly kept the Maid and Magpie Inn, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, apparently suffering great pain, and before the attendants could get him to bed he dropped down and died almost instantaneously. The cause of death is not known. Wheat Glut.—In its issue of February 3 the Kapunda Herald remarks:—" The Government seem to be getting into as great a mess as ever, at least at the Kapunda Station. The recent rush of wheat appears to have been too much either for their resources or their energy. The platforms and sheds are now piled with bags of wheat to be sent on to the Port. It is estimated that no less than 6,000 bags are now at the station, most of which is exposed to the weather. From what we can learn the supply of trucks at the Kapunda Station is quite insufficient." Gun ircexDBRT. — On Tlundtj morning, FeDriuury 6, Mr.Joha Bollard, {of Sooth Rhine, fanner, eras • sufferer'from a mishap waieh might hare resulted fatally. He was conversing with a neighbour while holding a loaded gun by the top of the barrels, mid after turning home wards be suddenly wheeled round to supply come omission in the interview, and Mr. Bollard supposes that in so doing he struck the hammers of the gun against his leg. The weapon exploded, and the charge passed through the fleshy part of the right hand and left breast, also grazing the ear. The sufferer was able to get home, where his injuries were dressed by Dr. Barnh, of Mount Pleasant, after which he at once started for the Adelaide Hospital, where he was admitted at an early hour on Friday morning. It has been ascertained that none of the shots remain in the wounds, and the patient is getting on as well as can be expected. Fruit fob the P. & O. Steamers. —Ade laideans are doing their best by means of polite attentions to make up for the unpretentious character of our landing- place as compared with the ports of the sister colonies. The gentlemen who have subscribed, towards the Fruit Fund took care to send, per Messrs. Giles. A Pasooe, four cases of our choioe produce on board the Bangalore upon her arrival at Glenelg on Friday, February 6. The fev. John GRAHAH.^-Tbe Pastor of the Pitt-street Congregational Church, Sydney, is returning by the Bangalore from England, where, with Mrs. Graham, he has been spending a year's leave of absence granted by his Churoh. South Australians at Cambridge.—At an election to minor scholarships and exhibitions at Trinity College, Cambridge, on December 22, a classical scholarship of £75. per annum was awarded to Mr. C. B. Labatt, late of St. Peter's College, Adelaide. The Sailobs' Home.—"We are informed by the " Hon. Secretary of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home that the following aTe amongst some of the donations lately received, viz., Mr. Price Maurice, Bath, England, £20; and Bank of South Australia, Adelaide, £10' 10s. The con tractors are now at work completing the building for habitation. The Iron King.—This vessel is now so re- cognised as a thorough wreck that Mr. W. G. Luxmoore, who at auction bought the hull, &c.;, is regarded as the proprietor of all that remains. He has engaged Mr. Putwain, the diver, who has just completed a task at two piers of the Murray Bridge. Having an interval of respite from that work he has arranged to spend a couple of months at the Iron King, and has made suitable arrangements. One of the Press boats, with Mr. John Medland in charge, will take the diver over on Saturday night, February 7, and we hope to hear of favourable progress during next week. Ordination of Wesleyan Ministers.—On Wednesday evening, February 4, the Revs. S. T. WithingtoD, J. H. Trevorrow, W. EL Rofe, J. Read, B. G. Edwards, and P. C. Thomas were, in the Pirie-street Church, admitted into the Methodist ministry. The Rev. W. L. Binks, President of the Conference, presided, and there were also a number of other Wes leyan ministers on the platforin. After a hymn had beem sung and prayer offered, several of the candidates related the . circumstances of their conversion and their choice of ministerial work. The President then catechised according to the set order of service the applicants as to their conviction of being called by the Holy Spirit to the labour they had undertaken, their j faith in the inspiration of the Scriptures, their 1 belief in the constitution ef the Methodist Church as set forth by Wesley, and their willingness to be governed by the Conference, and to submit themselves to their seniors in the ministry. Portions of the Scriptures were next read by the Fresident, after which silent prayer was offered. A hymn having been sung, the ministers assembled approached the kneeling candidates and laid their hands upon, them, the President saying—" Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister and-pastor now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands, and be thou a faithful dispenser of the Werd of God and of. the Holy Sacraments. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This was followed by a delivery of a copy of the Bible to each of the newly-ordained ministers, with the words:— " Take thou authority to preach the Word of God and to administer the Holy Sacraments in the congregation." A prayer having been offered a hymn followed, and the Rev. J. Bickford then read the ordination charge, basing his address on the words, " I speak con cerning Christ and the Church."—Ephesiana v. 32\. He urged that the preachers should not be content with superficial and emotional discourses, but onght to instruct the people in the deeper doctrines of the resurrection of Christ and the everlasting states of happiness and punishment. They should never forget that the great Head of their Church was Christ, and loyalty to Him in the salvation of souls was strictly demanded of them. He. then detailed the various branches of Church work in which the minister was called to devote his whole energy, and concluded by pointing out what temporal support and brotherly sympathy was reasonably to be ex pected in return for a devotion to spiritual ministrations. The pronouncing of the benedic tion closed the service, which was followed by the administration of the Lord's Supper. There was a large congregation. Webleyan Church, Stbathalbyn. — This church, wbich has been closed for some months for enlargement and renovation, which are now completed, was reopened on Sunday, February 1\. The Rev. J. Bickford, of Adelaide, con ducted the morning and evening services. Crowded congregations gathered from all parts of the Circuit. The Rev. J. H. Williams, Primitive Methodist, preached in the afternoon to a large audience. The inevitable tea meeting on Monday was a great success, the muster of - friends exceeding that on any previous occasion. Mr. W. Rhodes, of Adelaide, presided over the public gathering, when the building was crammed. The Revs. J. H. Williams, F. S. Poole, J. Y. Simpson, Messrs. Catt, Milnes, and T. Stephens Epoke. Children, under the leader ship of Mr. Elliott, rendered several pieces of music with effect. The amount promised towards the cost of the alterations up to this date is £514. The proceeds of the tea and col lections were about £35. The chapel is neat anc commodious. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson, the circuit minister, has worked long and earnestly in collecting funds for the rebuilding of this place of worship, and has had much uphill work to contend with. He deserves the gratitude of the Wesleyan community in Strathalbyu for his unceasing endeavours on their beba!?. Clerical Assault.—The following, taken from the Argus, will throw light upon a tele gram in to-dav's issue:—"Some time aero the gram in to-day's issue:—"Some time ago the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, angry with one of his flock, Mr. Michael Clanehy, for, as he thought, stopping the business at a meeting of the Geelong and Western District St. Patrick's Society, got up and turned him him out of the room. Mr. Clanehy has now summoned the ven. gentleman for an assault, and the ease is put down for hearing in the Geelong County Court on Tuesday, February 3. The Road Boabd.—Messrs. R. Smith and G. McEwin, J.P., have been appointed by the Government as members of the Central Board of Main Roads. > Accidents.—On Tuesday, February 3, owing to Samuel Woods, a labourer, slipping from a ladder which was leaning against a house where he was working, to the ground, his shoulder-blade was broken, and his chest and arms slightly bruised. On Monday, February 2, John Jeffrey, a labourer, of Cudlee Creek, was driving a spring-cart on his road home when the horse shied, and turning round sharply upset the vehicle. The occupant was thrown to the ground, and the weight of the horse, which fell upon him, broke his right shoulder bone. Both these sufferers were admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, and are now doing well. The Collision in the Poet River.—The Marine Board met on Monday, February 2, to enquire into the conduct of Pilot Tait in refe rence to the grounding of the steamer Rangatira on January 17, and the previous colliding of that steamer with the steam tug Sophia and the barque St. Magnus. Mr. Symon, on behalf of the owners of the Rangatira, and Mr. Dempster, for the Steamtug Company, attended to watch the proceedings. Letters were read from the Harbour-Master, Captain Paddle of the Ranga tira, Captain Easterbrook ot the St. Magnus, Captain Johnson of the Sophia, and Pilot Tait. Captain Easterbrook, Captain Johnson, and Captain H. Ward (who was on board the Ranga tira at the time of the collision), and the Harbour-Master were examined. On Tuesday the evidence of Mr. H. D. O'Halloran and the chief officer of the barque was taken. On Wed nesday the evidence of Captain Wilson was taken, and the proceedings were adjourned till next day. I.O.G.T.—The quarterly meeting of the Star of the East Lodge was held on Monday, February 3, in Ebenezer Chapel, Rundle-street east. There was a large attendance of members. The balance-sheet and report showed the Lodee to be flourishing. The increase had been 52, and there were now 94 members. The Executive Council. — The Governor held a Council on Monday, at which all the Ministers were present. Sib C. G. Duffy.—We see that Sir Charles Gavin Duffy, who is an able lecturer, is about to appear in that character again, choosing for his subject, "The Birth end Parentage of Colonial Liberty." Fuddsh Death.—The Wallaroo Tina aaye:— " On Wednesday Patrick Tierney was aasiBtmg is tbe operation of putting «p the_ ridge pole of a sew boose at the . Wallaroo Mines, and had just laid down his adse is order to join bis fellow workers in hoisting the timber, when he ex claimed, "Wait a-moment; I feel tired." Scarcely had he finished speaking when he fell forward dead. Tierney has left a wife and two young children." Bobbery at Glenelg.—On Jan. 30, at night, Mr. Comtek's Jetty Hotel was entered by a person who got in by the cellar flap, and from the cellar by a trap into the bar. Two £5 notes, a cheque for £3, £16 or £17 in silver, and other coin and some papers were removed. Tbe matter was reported to Polioe-constable All church immediately the theft was discovered, and a report having been sent to the city a man going by the name of William Smith, who had been lodging, at Comtek's, was arrested. He bad £7 or £8 in single notes npon him (evidently having changed the silver), and the cheque was found in the lining of an old hat in hia bed room. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the district of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, January 31, were:—Births, 18 males, 21 females; deaths, 10 males, 13 females. Total, 39 births, 23 deaths. Excess of births, 16. Jhon Cabtutob.—The Wallaroo paper reports that—"Some time ago an additional engine, purchased for the Hamley Mine, in Victoria, reached Wallaroo Harbour by tbe Kangaroo steamer, but when landed one of the three segments, each two tons in weight, of the 16 feet flywheel, was found to be snapped in each of its two arms close to tbe ring. The responsi bility to make this good of course fell upon the owners of the steamer. It was suggested that the fractures could be repaired, but this, though possible and permissible if the fractures had been in the middle of the arms, could not be thought of so near the ring. This necessitated the recasting of the segment in this colony. Adelaide was first thought of, bpt when it was found by the metropolitan founders that the work had been undertaken by Mr. T. B. Heath, ironfounder, Wallaroo, there was a general smile of incredulity. Mr. Heath, however, determined to succeed, and for the purpose undertook greatly to enlarge his furnace and casting apparatus. After one or two little mishaps, he on Monday, February 2, succeeded in producing an admirable casting, the_ largest ever made on the Peninsula, and meeting with tbe fullest approbation of Captain Warren, of the Hamley Mine. The casting is quite perfect, very sharp and uniform in all its parts, and it will be conveyed to tbe mine to-day. Great credit is due to Mr. Heath for the manner in which the work has been turned out." Inquest at Port Adelatbe. —Mr. J. Formby, J.P., held an enquiry at the Court- HouBe, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday, February 4, upon the remains of Mr. ThomaB Davidson, chief officer of tbe Emily Smith, who was found drowned the previous day. Sergeant Doyle identified the body. Sydney Malin stated that he saw deceased pass along the North-parade on Tuesday between 7 and 8 p.m. He apposed slightly the worse for drink. David Smith, mate of the Zephyr, which was lying next the Emily Smith, deposed that about 8.30 p.m. on Tuesday, whilst in conversation with the cap tain on tbe deck of that vessel, they heard a splash, and thinking some one had fallen over board, both went towards the place, but could see nothing. Almost immediately afterwards they saw some boys bathing just astern of the vessel, and concluded that the splash was caused by them. _ The captain • had remarked a short time previously that he saw the mate of the Emily Smith on board. An evening before witness saw the deceased going en board some what the worse for drink. Ellen Irvine stated that about 6 o'clock on Tuesday she saw deceased lying in Peter Harrison's yard in Liddon-street. He got up about a quarter of hour after, and she noticed that his face was bleeding. Robert Dipper said he was at Scott's boarding-house, and from the window saw deceased in Harrison's Yard. - Mrs. Irvine took off one of his boots, and after striking him with it threw it at him, but deponent did not think the blows would hurt him much. Mrs. Ramsay and her children threw stones at him, but witness could not say whether they struck Davidson. Mrs. Scott raised his hesd and asked if he was hurt, but he replied, " Never mind, there's no harm done." Witness and another person assisted him up and washed his face, and he then went away. There was a large pool of blood in the yard where .he had been lying. Isabella Ramsay stated that she saw deceased put bis arm on Harrison's gate, and as it was not fastened it flew open, deceased falling toward into tbe yard. Neither herself nor children threw anj"tiling at him. Mary Scott deposed to having assisted deceased to rise when in the yard. There was a quantity of blood streaming from his whiskers. Police-constable Bird said he went to the Company's Basin to search for the body. Picked it up with a boat- hook between the Emily Smith and tbe Wharf. In reply to the Jury, he said the stage was an awkward one for any person who was not sober. There was no hand- rope, and at low vyater it would be very steep. The Magistrate remarked that there was little doubt but deceased was tbe worse for drink, and had fallen overboard in going to or from the vessel. He did not think there was any importance in tbe evidence of illtreatment, which was very contradictory. The Jury found that deceased was drowned whilst in a state of intoxication. South Australian Eels,—The Standard of Mount Gambier says :—" Eels are reported as being frequently caught lately in the swamp and creek just above the Port MacDonnell wool wash. It is said that this is the only place in South Australia where they are found. We are not in a position to certify the correctness of fchis state ment; indeed we doubt it, having an impression that fine eels are caught in the Onkaparinga; but we do knew that a high legal functionary in Adelaide who has a penchajU for eels has bespoken a supply from Port MacDonnell." Payneham Institute.—An agreeableAenter tainment was given at the Payneham Institute on Thursday evening. There was a very fair attendance, and Mr. Stevenson, M.P., presided. The programme comprised an overture, some songs and duets by lady and gentlemen amateurs, and a reading by the Chairman. The chief attraction, however, was the delivery by the Rev. F. W. Cox of his lecture " Across the Alps into Italy." He was cordially received, and his 1 interesting and instructive lecture was listened 'to with marked attention. Mr. Cook lent his piano. It is gratifying to see that the good folks of Payneham are determined to utilize their Institute building thoroughly. They have, under the direction of their energetic Committee and Secretary, given a number of entertainments, which are well appreciated in the neighbourhood, and assist iu bringing forward local talent. FARM FIRE. — It is reported by the Mount Gambier Standard that at Mr. Lindner's farm on Friday afternoon, January 30, "a steam-engine was driving a thrashing-machine at work on his wheat crop, when a spark communicated with a two-storey barn which was only a few feet dis- tant. The fire spread rapidly, and the building was burned to the ground. There was not a strong breeze, otherwise the wheat stack and the whole of the farm buildings would almost cer- tainly have been destroyed. Immediately after the fire broke out the men commenced damping the part of the stack nearest the burning building, and thus they prevented the destruc- tion of the wheat. The engine which caused the mischief had been placed in close proximity to the dwelling and other erections on the farm, a practice which all farmers would do well to dis- countenance by erecting their stacks in a clear space. The building which was destroyed con- sisted of slab sides and a thatched roof, and contained harness and various other proper- ties." Twin Curiosities.—It is a strange coinci dence that about the date of a telegram being received in the colonies announcing the death of the Siamese Twins a birth took place, which we have already noticed, of twins much more closely bound together than they were. A Lively Locality.—Townsville, in Queens land, must be a cheerful place, to judge from what the local correspondent of the Brisbane Telegraph says in one of his letters. He remarks :—" Separation Day is kept here as a melancholy holiday. There is nowhere to go except to bed, and nothing to do but smoke and drink—in bed, so that a holiday is rather a nuisance than otherwise." Grounding of the Cornuvia,—The Marine Board on "Wednesday, February 4, made an investigation into the circumstances of the grounding of the ship Cornuvia. There were present the President, Capt. Smith, Capt. Tap ley, and Mr. J. M. Linklater. Letters were read from Cant. Wilson, of the Cornuvia, the Harbour- Master, and Pilot John Germein. Capt. Wilson said he did not blame the pilot in any way. He considered one tug unable to tow so large a ship in such a narrow channel. Mr. Pilot Germein, in answer to Capt. Smith, said there was 21 feet of water signalled on the bar when the Cornuvia crossed drawing 18 ft. 5 in. The tug was not equal to the work. The flood tide was strong, and caught the ship on the port bow, and not answering her helm quickly the vessel went out of the cutting and grounded. She was going about two or three knots. He preferred two tugs to one. The Board con sidered further evidence unnecessary, and that no blame was attributable to the pilot. They instructed the Harbour- Master to recommend masters of large size vessels, until a more ' powerful tug than the Eleanor was obtained, to ' employ two tugs instead of one. . Driving Jtopm !<>osinai&—Aaerious Mrf. dent aeariy happened on Tieeday morning, February 8, through reckless driving round the corner of Hindley and ~Eing WilHam streets. : Mr. J. Taylor, of flindmarafa, was about to eross from one street to the other, when a vehicle whisked past him at saoh a speed thatit was with the utmost difficulty he oould get out of the way of the wheels. As it was his umbrella was broken in pieces, and Mr. Taylor received such a fright that he had to go home for rest and quiet. Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society. — The Committee of this Society held their monthly meeting on Tuesday, February 8, at the Churqh- Office; Mr. J. Coltbn in the chair. The Treasurer's minute showed a balance in hand of- £14 4a, - Several oases of distress were brought forward by different members, and £5 10s. 2d. was voted to relieve seven of them. Bach member of the Committee was empowered to draw-lOo.-ureases of emer gency during the ensuing month. - Tbs Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Company.—The number of paid telegrams transmitted through this Com pany's cable from Fort Darwin for the week ending Friday, January 30, was divided thus: South Australia ... Colonies. Colonies, ... « 8 Victoria ... ... ... 34 48 New South Wales ... 16 20 Queensland ... 4 1 Tasmania ... ... 1 2 New Zealand ... 8 3 West Australia ... ... 0 4 . Totals ... ... 69 is Grand total, 155. The Murray-Mouth.—On account of. some misapprehension we are requested to state that the writer of a letter which appeared in our issue of January 22, animadverting on the report of the marine Board as regards im proving the Murray-Mouth, was uot Mr. C. Townshend Hargrave, the Superintending Surveyor of Main Roads, but Mr. H. Hargrave, of the Semaphore. The English Cricketers.—The All-England Eleven will play a match at Castlemaine on Monday and Tuesday, February 16 and 17. Painful Accident.—The Sod Australiscke Zeitung is informed " that on Wednesday, January 28, at St. Kitta, near Truro, three boys who were playing on the steep bank of the creek,which is about 30 feet deep, mischievously approached the edge, and one of them, a son, aged 10 years, of Mr. Boyt, fell over. The lad must have endeavoured to catch hold of the rocks in the fall and have thus lessened the impetus of the descent, else probably he would have been killed. He escaped with several wounds on the head—one nearly an inch long. The sufferer is progressing favourably under homoeopathic treatment." The Gas BaTe.—A meeting of citizens was held in the Adelaide Town Hall oh Monday evening, February 2, to consider the advisability of imposing a rate of twopence in the pound en the assessment for 1874 to light the city with gas. At the advertised time, 7.30 p.m., only eight ratepayers attended, and during the pro ceedings, which lasted only about 10 minutes, the number present did not reach 20. The Mayor, Mr. W. D. Allott, whopresided, said he took the small attendance as an evidence of the citizens' satisfaction with the existing arrange ments as to lighting Adelaide. He mentioned that during the past year 304 lamps had been used at a cost of £1,763. For 1874 it was pro posed to light 346 lamps, which would cost £1,875. A rate of 2d. in the pound would pro duce about £1,800, so that the remaining £75 would have to come out of the city funds. Last year a three years' contract was entered into with the South Australian Gas Company to secure the lighting at the lowest possible price, and he might say that Adelaide was lighted at a smaller rate than any other cite in the colonies. On the motion of Councillor Wright, seconded by Mr. James Jones, it was unanimously resolved to adopt the rate sought. The Chief Secretary.—The Hon. Arthur Blyth left for Melbourne on Tuesday by steamer. He purposes being absent about three weeks. A Curiosity.—We have been shown by the Manager of the Melbourne Photographic Com pany a copy of what might be termed a freak of photography. The heads of the late ex Emperor of the French, the German Sovereign, and Prince Bismarck are so incorporated as to form a three-headed monster. The likenesses are accurate, though the great men are placed somewhat at a disadvantage in having only four eyes between them. The colour of the organs of sight is not, however, reproduced, and an exchange is thus rendered immaterial. The Darling.—At Wentworth the river has been falling at the rate of 1J inches in every 24 hours, and was on January 30 nine feet eight inches above the summer leveL The recent de crease in the rate of the fall has been occasioned by an apparent fresh in the river. Mr. McPher son, of Tarcoola, writing to us on January 23, said:—"The head waters of the Darling are in flood. We may look for a heavy flood about the middle of March." The following is taken from a copy of the Central Australian Extraordinary, dated Bourke January 26,1 p.m.:—" The season is precisely like that which brought about the great flood of 1864. A repetition is almost certain; timely precautions should therefore be adopted. All sheep should at once be removed outside of Talawalka's, The river has risen here about 24 feet 9 inches in 24 hours. It is now rising 18 inches in 24 hours, and the latest tele graphic intelligence all tends to a continuous rise. All the sources of the river are rising rapidly, the rain having fallen heavily in all parts from which we have news." The " Wilcannia Times."—This is the name of a paper now published in the Darling district of New South Wales. Judging from the dis trict news that it contains, there seems to have been an evident necessity tor a newspaper at Wilcannia, The Wentworth Hotel.—Mr. D. S. Mitchell has sold by auction the Wentworth Hotel, at the corner of Darling and Sandwych streets, Went worth, River Darling, to Mr. E. Geyer, for £1,300. A Second Brighton.—A township named Brighton, situated near the beach at Moonta Bay, was offered for sale at auction by Messrs. Stuckey & Paqualin on Friday, January 30, and the whole of the 30 allotments on the plan were disposed of at an average price of £8. Alluvial Gold.—The Gold-fields Warden (Colonel Biggs) has recently registered several claims on the Yatta Creek, and the Bitnyip states that parties are doing well on the alluvial claims. Mr. Goddard has met with encouraging prospects in a section bordering on the Light River, near Hamley Bridge. Hitherto he has only met with specks, but he is inclined to believe that better indications may reward a diligent examination of the locality. The Rev. T. James.—"We are informed (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) that a requisition is being signed in Sandhurst asking the Rev. T. James to take charge of a proprietary church in that city, and that already it has received the signatures of several influential citizens, who are very sanguine that the enter prise will be eminently successful if the consent of the rev. gentleman can be obtained." Railway Delays,—The Gawler Bmiyip re marks :— "Railways have been adopted ex pressly to expedite business transactions and to secure the more rapid transit of men and mer chandise, but in South Australia we are learning to our cost that in superseding stage wagons and ox teams we have been realizing to perfec tion that homely but burning metaphor of getting out of the fryingpan into the fire. For instance, we find that if goods are sent to the Adelaide Station for transmission to Gawler, and they don't happen to weigh fire tons, they must wait till a nve-ton truck gets a loading," no matter how long the hundredweights may be in accumulating. We learn also that only on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday will the Carrying Companies deliver geods. A Gawler man of business who may hurry to Adelaide en a Wednesday iu quest of goods he wants at once has the mortification to find that they won't reach Gawler till Saturday, when it may be Monday before he can unpack and avail himself of them. If Government in leasing its carrying business are not able to secure better accomoda tion for the public than this they had better take to the carrying business, when we shall know how to deal with responsible ministers. Surely, however, the Government can remedy a state of things much worse than when Gawler depended upon bullock-drays for mercantile supplies." Northern Territory Land-Orders.—In accordance with the advertisement which has been published by the Government, applications for repayment of the money paid for Northern Territory land-orders, with interest at 10 per cent., are now being made by colonial holders and the representatives of English holders. The claims are being met upon presentation of the necessary documents. Already about £2,000 has been handed over to various claimants. Most of the money having been paid to the Government in April, 1864, it has not quite doubled itself, although nearly so. For instance, the interest on £60 3s. 9d. for the ten years minus a month or two, amounts to £5816s. We learn that the sum pronounced to be "due to the North Australian Company will be applied for this week, and paid on application. The total to be paid to this Association is between £35 000 and £40,000. ' M.XT. Oddtolowb' Ihcnnc.—Tba Committee of this picnic held a meeting on Friday craning, January 80, at the Hotel Europe,tfr.A,i>." Devenish in the chair. The Secretory, A. H. - Beyer, read the' balance-sheet and Au^ton' report, which showed that thenet profit arising from the annual picnic on Hew Year's Day, 1874, was £50 9s. 4d., which with tiia halaiMe previously standing to the.credit Of the Picnic Fund made the total now in hand-amoant to . £33318a 3d. Betides this aum £205Se.2d, wh, given to the Widow and Orphan Fund,.raping - the total to £539 3s. 5d. realized fromiO picnics. A Sub-Committee was appointed to prepare a scheme to be considered at the next meeting of . the General Committee to enable them to decide what could best be done with the funds. A Committee was also appointed to arrange for the annual balL Thanks to the Chairman and Secretary closed the proceedings. " Country Fires.—The Kapuiida IHerald of January 80 mentions' that va&re; wlQen- nrokw oufc on Tuesday upon the premises*#; Mr. -John O'Donohue. raker's Fiat, consumed a stack of hay containing about 18 tons, shed, harness, sc., before it could be got under.; The' dwelling, which was only about 20 yards from the burning stack, was. saved. The. origin of ' the fire, like most others, is unknown. Mr,J. McNamara, J.P., with Mr. Bigwood as fore man, held an inquest on Monday onthefire^on Mr. Costello's premises. . Messrs- Haynes, Brenner, Parices, and Mrs. Coetello were - examined, bat without giving any clue as to the-origin of the affair. Mr. Costello, who was in Kapunda at thetimethefire occurred; stated that ne estimated his loss at £180. The Jury returneda verdict *. That the Tfire qdOonfeS* accidentally and not otherwise,'" "fJ <..3 OdDfellowbhip. — Mr. P. J.- Newland.the > D.G.M. of the G.U.O.O.F., New Sodih -Wales^ i who has been on a visit to the colonyfdr the purpose of initiating the A.I.O.O.F. into the ceremonies of the Society he represents—it having been lately .resolved to affiliate the two Orders—has dedicated 18 old Lodges, and opened a new one, called theLoyalMewland, and meeting at the Green Dragon,South-terraoe. LO.G.T.—A public meeting in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, West Mitcham, on Thursday evening, January 29, was presided overfay the D.G.M., who explained the principles of Good Templarism, and mentioned several oases had come under his own notice where it had done good. Mr. Belcher, W.S. of the Adelaide Pioneer Lodge, spoke upon theiufiuenoe the Order : had on its members and the community gene-' ~ rally.' He referred to a letter reeenttyreceived by him from a relative in Cornwall, stating that in Helston one public-house had been changed into a Temperance Hotel, and two others had been closed since the Order had been instituted: ' there. Mr. Laverett, aged 80, and who had been a total abstainer for 33 years, spoke at ; length on the advantages of total abstinence. Mr. Champness, L.D. of the Star of the Sast Lodge, followed. Apologies were read from the Rev. J. G. Wright, jun., and. Mr. Winwood, P.W.C.T. A Lodge was instituted by the D.G.M., Mr. P. B. Cocks, assisted by Mr. Belcher, W.S., and Mr. J.EL Champness, L.D. The name chosen was the Morning: Star, and the principal officers chosen were W.C.T. Brother Jl Chaplain, W.V.T. Sister Blyihman, W.8. Sister Townsend, W.C. Brother J. Breaker, W.M. Brother C. Chaplain, W.LG. Sister Chaplain. The Moonta Labour Market.—The local Press reports:—" The wages given at the mines are as follows:—Miners, £2 2s. per week'; labourers, 5s. to 6s. a day; boys. Is. - 3d. to 2s.; youths, 2s. 6d. to 3s. The average pay of tributers amounts to something - above the wages earned by miners. At Moonta Mines the work by the carpenters, masons, engine-men, and founders is let by contract, the wages averaging, it is believed, from 8s. to 10s. per day; the wages in the town ship, too, are for masons and oarpenters fts. te^ 10s. a. day; labourers,. 7s.. A number:of farm ? labourers are-making their way into the district, .. many of whom Sua a difficulty in obtaining employment. Really good men, however,'heed hot remain long without work. There is a good supply of miners, although there are several pitches at the Moonta Mines still unlet." - Babe Buildings.—Messrs. Deland & Tardiff, a Gawler firm, were the successful tenderers for: building in that town a handsome structure for .1 the branch of the Bank of Adelaide,... Moonta Jetty.—At last approaches are to be made to the pier at Moonta Say. An officer: of the Survey Department has examined the rite to prepare plans for the much-needed worfc.' Railway to Clare.—It is stand by the.local, paper that "a few gentlemen, who have always taken a deep interest in Clare, have recently found out a route well adapted for a railway from Clare to the surveyed line on Blyth Plains. It has always been thought that the country was too hilly between the two place, and the idea of getting a railway to Claro boo toen many as Utopian. Now, however, that an outlet has been found where a railway may be constructed without any engineering difficulties, it is for the residents of this district to take the matter up, and get the route surveyed^' The Glenelg Railway.—The tenders re ceived by the Directors of this Company for their proposed issue of bonds were not con sidered satisfactory, and were therefore de clined. Prolific Oats.—The &Tamilian.; Spectator has the following;—"The Kilmore district appears to be entitled to the credit of supplying a new and most productive species of oats, On Mr. W. Smith's farm, near Romsey, there is & field of oats which, reports the local paper, perhaps cannot be excelled in the colony. The variety • is known as the Norwegian, the seed of which, was introduced into the district three' years ago by Mr. W. McKinnon. The heads measure from twelve to fifteen inches long on the aver age, and are well filled, promising a yield of - from eighty to ninety bushels to the acre. The soil is that rich chocolate colour for which the district is famous, and it was sown with potatoes last year." Fire at Millicekt.—In its issue of January 31 the Watch reports:—" On Sunday last a fire occurred at the residence of Mr. John Skear, Millicent, which resulted in the destruction o£ his residence and all its contents. It is uncertain how the fire originated, but it is supposed through a spark from the chimney faffing orr and setting fire to the roof of the building, which was of thatch. The flames spread so rapidly that scarcely anything could be saved, ana the house, furniture, and even a sum of money it contained were destroyed. The Rev. Mr. Bums, Bible Christian minister, who lodged at Mr. Shear's, had a quantity of clothes and other pro perty burnt, The damage done by the fire is. estimated at £70 or £80." Letters of Naturalization.—In the Gazette of last week appears a reminder to "alien friends" on the subject of naturalization. It ^ consists of a few introductory words signed by" the Hon. Arthur Blyth, Chief Secretary, four clauses quoted from the Aliens Act of 1864, and a schedule extracted from the same source. Strangely enough the compiler of this notifica tion has overlooked the virgin effort of Mr. J. H. Angas at law-making, which, resulted at the . beginning of the 1872 session in the passing of a : measure reducing the fee for " Letters of Natu ralization in duplicate, depositing, and oath," from £1 Is. to 10s. fid. In future issues of our official contemporary we presume the correct amount will be given. To do so will entail d§ slight alteration in the preliminaiy notice, ® Fort Bridge.—Not even the lightest-footed can pass over the Port Creek Bridge without hearing the Port Bridge creak, and its ghnHneag is not its only fault. The roadway is so narrow that two vehicles cannot pass each other, and the wonder is that so few accidents occur. On Sunday night, February 1, a serious mishap seemed likely to result from the extreme narrow ness of the carriage-way. A horseman, whilst endeavouring to pass a vehicle full of ladies, was thrown over the_ railing by- his restive ' steed, which got its leg between the spokes of the wheel, and thus almost capsized the conveyance. The rider caught the bridge rail or he would have fallen into the river. Happily the horse in his struggles broke a wheel spoke, and released himself. One or two of the ladies, being con siderably alarmed, sought relief in fainting fits. "~ However, beyond the damage described, no thing more serious resulted. Yorke's Peninsula Cricket.—The following from the Kedina correspondent of the WaUlaroa 'Junes appeared in that paper on January 31:— " Practice was again resumed on the Matta Flat on Wednesday by the gentlemen of the various Clubs from whom will be chosen the team toplay the match with the All-England Eleven, The President, Dr. Lloyd Herbert, attended, and took charge of the ground. He is a first-Mass cricketer, keeping bis men well up to the mark, and consequently we had some very good play. J. Ry certainly improves in bowling; in fact, I* never saw him bowl better. Arthur and Upton were the two best bowlers of the day, although - E. Andrew bowled some .capital balls whilst I was on the ^ ground. The fielding and batting has much improved, and if the improvement - continues I am sore that the match with the All England Eleven will not be such a one-sided affair as' Cover-point' and the like would be glad to see." Accident.—On Saturday a labourer employed in ballasting at the Port Railway terminus was endeavouring to get into one of the ballast trucks whilst in motion, when his foot dipped^1 and'the wheel went over his toes, completely crushing them. He was as quickly as possible taken to town, and conveyed to the Hospital. 