SPHOTOGRAPHY OF THE INVISIBLE. A-- a farther explanation of the tsok' called " spirit" photography, to hoich'"reference was made irs our e~luins on Friday, we take the fllowinjifrom the ,scienitific American: he grand moral idea which science ontlinually seeks to impress upon her Y'*tiriea" is, humility of mind; that 1iestimable"'virtue whence spring the rteblsat pleasures of the soul. But lhow rare i is to find this beautiful -ality, even in persons of culture and svig i'l ' The 'great doctors looked ea Galileo With contempt, confined ime' 'in' prison as a danger Qus man, 'and subjected him t tbhe most ignominious treatment, salmply because he presented for their acceptanoe' the light from a new' idea, -hich their dull perceptions were iliabli to aippreciate: He afirmed thiat!the sun did not rise or set; that I~ wat the"rotation 'of the earth that b: boiiuot day and night alternately upon to earth. But the doctors, like many "iM onr day, proud in their own conceit "or'?knowledge, knew better. "' The 6,ariptures tell us," they said, " of the rising and the setting sun; therefore it moves ; our own eyes assure us of the f:ht'; 'the diurnal experience of man hind "coufirtns' the truth. Your Sd?trine, Galileo, is false and dan. -eroe s." t -is in this style that some persons, tery knowing in their own esteem, r! an b upon certain subjects. Take S".ppirit' photography " for an example. They aliege that spirits are invisible; thsat ai' invisible thing cannot' be photographed ; therefore the so-called \- skirit photographs are base impostures. It is not our purpose to dissent from thec'bonolusions here assumed; that we tyke exception to the premises, which are not in agreement with science. Photographs of some objectisthat are invisible to the humap eye may uahdoubtedly be' produced. The spec. tra of solar lIght is an example, jportions'of which, totally invisible to tde eye, are brought out upon the photographer's 'plate; . and their ses di Ii also demonstrated by other '?Thei idonial effect which we term g lit is supposed" to be produced by tlibbeating of waves of ether against ýiretiina of the .ey."- These waves enter the eye with an average velocity tf. abe ut '16,090: miles in a second, tie jlength of the waves being vait able, fieo thebne twenty-seventh thousandth part of, asm inch to one seventy-five tiousandth" part of an inch. 'The retina therefore receives main billions 'oT impreesions in' a second, and it is supposed that'it i' the diierence in the mumber end velocity ot these impres • ions that produces in the mind the sensations of the'colore. If the waves Which enter the eve have a much ireater or a much less velocity than the limits above stated, they do not, it ii supposed, produce 'the sensation of light; and the objectb from which such raya come, although they may really afasd before the eye, are, as we say, inVisible. But although they do not .deep the eyei they may Impress the t ph.otgraphis plate, which has no such eatlititio'r. a the eye. `QUOa s 'the most successful methods . a g "spirit", plotographs is t*plal i i front of the sensitive plate, 'w in"'lbi plate shield, a clear sheet o' Iu blhavin? olthing upon it except 't ?fi'i$itivre of the "espirit" that is i W b~ pabd" tai?Oin the negative. The l poessi t 'of the sister ii taken in the u.sal manner. T'-ligbi which esiters t the ameras les prints the sitter and 9 - the "pirit." which is on the thin t Id- eu em the ae-ative. This is a very oonvenient method, as It requires so manipulations likely to be detected; and is, we think, the favourite plan practised by the best spirit photogra phers. Prints made in this manner pass current among the believers for genuine ghosts of the departed directly descended from heaven. But a more new, interesting, and scientific method of producing "spirit" photographs is as follows :-The plain background screen, before which the sitter is placed in order to have his 1 portrait taken, is to be painted before hand with the form of the desired " spirit," the paint being composed of some fluaresoent sabstance, such as a solution of sulphate of quinine. When this painting dries on the screen, it is invisible to the eye; but it sends out rays that have power to impress the photo plate, and thus the image of the person, together with the quinine ghost, are simultaneously developed upon the negative. This is a very beantiful and remarkable method. 