FELO DE SE i [Globed At a time, when suicides, with or without murder, are unhappily so commons to form almost the staple of news, it is not 'an untimely reflection that verdicts of felo de& are becoming singularly rare. Though i the British) juryman may be impervious to modern, theories of homicidal mania, he usually adopts the supposed charitable view of the state of a suicide, and practically accepts the crime as- evidence of insanity, instead of requiring proof of mental disease so as to explain it. No harm, he argues, can follow from this course, and many persons already wretched are spared the additional unhappiness of having a relative or friend consigned to the earth ignominiously. We will not consider whether the light in which suicide is commonly regarded by the British juryman is quite colourless or not. Our present concern is with those peculiarities connected with the burial of self-murderers, which chiefly make him incline to mercy. For although no suicide during the last half century has found his grave, ". . ? Where the cross roads met, ' ' with a stake in his inside, the body of the self-murderer is still committed to the earth with some marks of degradation, which, in the eyes of the vulgar, are rendered worse by the recollection of the old custom. The lost person buried in England at cross roads was a wretched parricide and suicide named Griffiths. At two o'clock of a June morning, 1872, he was buried in the presence of a considerable concourse of people at the place were Eaton- street, Grosvenor-place, and the King's road crossed.! Although the ceromony of driving a stake through his body was omitted, the disgusting exhibition within a short distance of where Parliament was sitting drew attention to the state of the law, and a few days afterwards the Act now in force was passed, and the recurrence of such a horrible scene prevented. Yet this old custom, which to us is hideous, or at least such portion as was pure custom, seems to have had its origin in sentiments of mercy and kindness. The common law only declared that the suicide should be interred in some street or road. The ecclesiastical law only declared that the burial should be unaccompanied by any religious ceremony. All the rest, the cross road and the stake, were matters of pure custom-though of custom so ancient that they had almost gained the force of law-and have puzzled anti- queries to account for their origin. As to the selection of cross roads for interment, there can be little doubt that the intention was to take the place next in sanctity to consecrated ground, and that it was popularly felt that to some extent a grave at a cross road was within the shadow of the holy emblem. The origin of the stake is more inexplicable. , Some years ago a writer in Notes and Queries suggested that the customs might have been connected with one which obtained amongst the Northern nations, and especially in Greenland, as late as the 12th century, of burying a man on the lands where he died, and setting a stake up over the breast of the corpse. When a priest cBino afterwards to the spot, the stake was withdrawn and holy water poured into the hole. But it is more likely the stake came to be driven through the body in order to prevent the spirit of the unhappy being laid in unconsecrated ground, from walking the earth, to his own discomfort and the great fear on ordinary mortals. Remembering the force of popular superstition, it' is not necessary to seek further for the origin of this ancient custom. Stakes planted under such peculiar circumstances have sometimes struck root and become flourishing trees. There is, or was lately, one such near Boston, in Lincolnshire, and another at Chali ington, in Sussex. In the latter instance, indeed, a few years ago the suicide's skeleton was found on digging amongst the roots of the tree. It is unnecessary to repeat the tales told throughout the country side respecting such uncanny spots. Wherever a stake has thus thriven and prospered, its original purpose has failed, and the folklore of the neighbourhood is clear that the spirit of the self-murderer still " walks." It is strange to find how strong a hold those old superstitions still have on people living in quiet places. So lately as 1854 a riot took place at Scone from the efforts made by a mob! of women to compel the coffin of a suicide to be taken into the backyard over the wall instead of through the gate. The women believed that if it came in in the ordinary way the first woman " kicked " would shortly after her man sago commit suicide, and the first child christened would meet the same end before it was eight years old. Such feelings and ideas linger in remote districts generations after they have died out in large towns. Many people in England, France, and Germany still better a dim sort of belief in witchcraft and ghosts, and feel assured that they can ward off evil by wear- inga "charm "or by hammering a horseshoe to a stable- door. It will be many a day before modern enlightenment has altogether dissipated these delusions. The schoolmaster effects much but he cannot at once replace old customs and notions by a scientific view of the world. Feeling still sometimes clings to what the understanding may reject, The Lanotmos of Finals -The Nho York Times publishes a communication in which the writer says:-" Strange sounds are often heard rising from the waters of our courts that would be apt to astonish the superstitious listener if he were not acquainted with the unoffending cause of all the disturbance. Sometimes it rises in the air like the bang of a huge drum, and again seems to steal over the waves with a low, murmuring wall and if you were to place your ear close to the surface, the strange sounds would appear to come from five or six different places. Seamen are often startled by the * boom, boom' that seems to steal over the vessel, seeming to their son more like the drum of some long- lost crew than the voice of an insignificant member of the family of fishes. For such is it, and well known as the. bearded drum-fish. But how it produces the queer musical notes is a something that it would be well for our Fish Commission to discover this summer on the Sound. Another faithful satellite of Rutorpo is found in the noisy maigre It makes a strange coming man, accompanied by a sharp croak that can be heard at a depth of 150ft. The fish attains a length of about 6ft, and weighs 40lb, What these sounds are for we know not, but on the principle that all things, are for some particular purpose; they must have a meaning. That the imperfect voice of the fish is med (q express discontent and pain I have no doubt, as in numerous experiments on a fish found in the Gulf of Mexico, called the grunt, I found that the voice was used and modulated as with other animals. When touched with the knife the grounds that it gave vent to fairly rose to a shriek, and when dying its moans and sobs were almost disagreeably human. I shall never forget the first one of these veritable porkers that I caught., Thinking that my best needed replenishing, { handed in, and found nicely hooked a grunt, and no sooner had I placed him in the boat than he commenced a series of grunts and sold that bid fair to take me by storm. Now he would make a low noise, and gradually swell the 'melody,' and finally hurl at me such a blast of entreaties, all of which were produced without a struggle, that my better nature was aroused, and I made bute to toes him back, and as he disappeared a squeak which, together with the splash, sounded to me like a bona-fide thank you, and I have no doubt but what it was. Baron Humboldt mentions an occurrence which he witnessed in the South Sea. 1 ' About 7 o'clock in the evening the sailors were terrified by an extraordinary noise in the air like the beating of tambourines, followed by Bounds that seemed to come from the ship, and redoubled the escape of air from boiling liquid.' Many other instances could be called up to prove that fishes use their vocal organs to reach purpose, but the above serve to show that they have, a well-defined voice, so that it is capable of modulation." A Mirror man was recently on his trial in Pennsylvania for stealing nitro- glycerine. He deserves a good blowing-up. Boston Post. 