SPORTING JOTTINGS. By Obskbvhb. 1 again take the opportunity of writing you ' on sporting matters in general, bat what to touch on first is rather a poser. For the present the iin-countrv meetings ara of all-absorbinc interest. Of them 1 can only remark that they . are calculated to cheer the flagging spirits of our small sportsmen, and may in some instances prove beneficial to the ' oat-bin ;' and, again, : if 'practice makes perfect,' those nags that anticipate a struggle at our May carnival will derive some benefit by running in the meantime —a fact which heretofore metropolitan represen tatives have lost sight of. I notice that Mr. Jordan bi ought over the Ace of Trumps last ? week in the Coorong. Mr. Jordan looks any thing but well, and the same remark also applies to his charge. The latter seems as if he had ? not had the time he required to bring; him out for racing purposes, and he will require a lot of nursing to give him a ghost of a chance at the' forthcoming May meeting. I cannot say much on the various gallops without permission, but there are three or four that are going well, aud amongst them My Lady, Sunbeam, and Montana. I trust you are not looking for a full account of the training cotes, for the flower is only in its bud. But what about the future?. 'To be or not to be is the question.' Can South Australia maintain two . Clubs ? It has been fairly demonstrated that it cannot. It is an old saying an d a true one, ' When the house is divided it cannot stand.' Of course I refer to the two Clubs that are in vogue at the present time. TheA.J.C. has been formed some time, rules and regula tions printed, and every necessary for carrying on racing; still, it scarcely comes up to the thing that is wanted in order to make racing a popular recreation in South Australia. I truly believe that South Australians love the sport 'pure and simple,' and I am fully certain that a few gentlemen have taken the matter in hand bo as to cut out the sharpers and black legs. Notwithstanding the amount of praise due to Mr. Bennett for the last few meetings, which have gone off so successfully, that gentleman cannot regret to have the responsibility taken off his hands, in order to make racing a perma nent institution in the colony. If Mr. Bennett and his colleagues concur with me they will 6ay, 'Here you are, gentlemen; you are men Of means, go in arid prosper. We will never put obstacles in your way.' With regard to the new Association, there are many things to re oommend it to the public. Still I should not like to override any one, and I trust the '? two bodies that be' will ere long amalgamate and become one. It ia patent to all lovers of good sport that in such a small community as this we cannot afford to maintain two Jockey Clubs, and now that new blood has come into the field let them try it, ? ' Moue o? Tichbobhb.— 'It is not generally known,' says the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, ' that there is in B*pchworth a labouring man named Patterson, formerly a s#ldier, who was at one time of bis Kfe gardener ou the Tichb jrne estates. He asserts that tho now condemned prisoner w the real 'Sir Roger,' and he feels satisfied that this is the case from photographs which he has seen. He also states that while gardener he had often had a romp with young ♦ Roger,' and would know him among a thou sand.' The paper mentioned remarks, possibly in sarcasm : — 'It is a great pity that this evi dence was cot known in time, so that the claimant could have had the benefit of it. Care ; Iessnes8 is the oxcuse Patterson gives for his not interfering in the matter.' 