A STARLESS CROWN. Whoever the Editor of the Tenterfiekl Star is, under the new regime, he .seems anxious to let his constituents know that he wishes to do. the " Catholics justice on the question of primary education." In his issue of 23rd April, he proposed to discuss the " Education question and the Roman Catholics but behold, no sooner had he stated what his subject was than he went on to remark that a " few sentences would not be out of place;" and those few sentences were briefly these — " We have often noticed that these debates (debates on the Education question) were generally tinged with a great deal of abuse on the clergy of the various denominations — more esjiecially the Roman Catholics." This is the firat " sentence," not " out of place; " but it is .surely ; evident to ; the most common intellect that the author of such a sentence is not competent to discuss any subject, still less the subject of Education. It is a curious instance of "education." Notice the peculiar language — " Often noticed," " debates gesieraUy tingedf "tinged with a greed deal of abuse," — " abuse on clergy of various denominations more especially the Roman Catholics !" Such Avriting demonstrates that the educa tion question should be considered by the Editor in the nearest primary school for a few months. The second " sentence " is as follows — " It is despicable manners to attack any man or men when he or they cannot iesent the attack." This is surely a gem, shining more brightly than a Tentei-field Star ! The lustre will siu-ely make mid night day. " Despicable manners " con sist in the jieraon attacked not being able to resent the attack ; but the said manner's become worthy and honorable when re sentment is possible ! Surely this must be another false " definition," and a new proof that the Editor has mistaken his calling. The third sentence begins thus—" In a recent debate on the question we noticed where one hon. member did justice to the Roman Catholics of 1688," and then the quotation is given. But what can the Editor mean when he talks about "a recent debate where " he noticed something particular ? More proof that education is wanted. The fourth sentence is so perfectly rich that we must give it all : — " Thus it is seen that nearly 100 years ago the Roman Catholics of Scotland were in regard to public education long before the spirit of the times. History repeats itself, and sometimes like conscience, ' makes cowards of us all!"' The poor Editor must have been at his wits end when he thus proved that " edu cation " is pi-actically quite unknown to him. It appears that 100 years ago the Roman Catholics ivere, in regard to public education, long before the spirit of the times. "What that is no man but the Editor of the TenterfieM Star can tell. Then it appeai-s that " history repeats it self ;" that is, the Romanists are fiir before the spirit of the times rww, in public edu cation. Sometliing new certainly. Then the histoi'y which repeats itself, like con science, " makes cowards of us all ;" which of course, signifies that the Editor of the Star is a coward, and all his readers are cowards also ! Sad business that history should work such havoc by repeating itself. We hope that such history will keep to Tenterfield, and display itself only in Romish schools ; we cannot welcome it to come to Sydney ! Two more sentences : — " That in ' refer ence to education in the abstract men should differ, is not at all wonderful — probably will so differ for all time ; and it is but common honesty to allow any man to indulge in the courage of his opinion !" This surely is marvellous ; — after, we all have been made " cowards," every man is to be allowed, as honesty, to indulge in the courage of his opinions ! Again. " No one but a blatant demagogue of the lowest type would insult . intelligent and highly educated men for their opinions, especially on the broad question of public education." Such are the five sentences in which the Editor of the Tenterfield Star discusses the " education question and the Roman Catholics." We have given his entire "dis cussion." Is it not wonderfully convincing in favour of Roman Catholics? Those Romanists once had secular schools, and now they won't have them ; therefore history repeats itself ! Romanists, by having secular schools, were far before the spirit of the times, 100 years ago ; and now also they are far before the spirit of the times because they call secular schools "godless and infidel !" History makes everybody a coward ; but every coward ought to indulge his courage I And, blatant demagogues of the lower type insult intelligent and highly educated men for their opinions ; but what blatant demagogues of the higher type would do, we are not told ! We have thus given the Tenterfield people one opportunity of looking at the "Star" which is to guide thqm in discussing the " education question." We think that they ought to be gratefub to us, because it is a great blessing to know the quality and calibre of our "guides. We feel very deeply for them that they should be in the hands of the most perfect driveller which we have yet discovered among " country Editors." His paper may be a " Star," but without doubt the only crown which he ought to wear is one minus the star, and made not of ivy but of cabbage leaves. The coal and iron masters in Wales have given notice to the men employed in their works, pre paratory to a reduction of wages. Fatheb Walsh, of Orange, made a great speech in favour of a collection for Bishop Quinn, to pay the expenses of his contemplated trip to Europe. The Bishop was going, said the Father, like Paul who left his friends at Miletus ! "He is going in .obedience to the will of the Sovereign Pontiff;" he is going for the purpose of securing additional labourers ; and there fore they, the Catholics, were to "rally round him by contributing to a fimd to ipay his expenses." No doubt, all this is very Apostolic like, only there is no record which will bear. up the parallel; for poor Paul never travelled in " obedience to the will of the Sovereign Pontiff," and, when he travelled, he never provided beforehand -for generous contributions to a fund. But ibe this as it may, we want to notice the claims which Father Walsh put forward as entitling Bishop Quinn to the recog nition and help of all good men, "all Christum men, whether Catholic or non- 'Catholic." Query, does Father Walsh .really mean that there are " Christians " who are noa-Catholic ? He often repeats the creed that out of the Catholic, that is, the Bomish Church, there is no salvation ; . he often likens the Bomish Church to the Ark which saves only those who are in it ; and he often refer.s' to heretics as doomed to perdition, saying, that there is no church but the Romish Church. Well, but if so, are there Christian men who are non- Catholics ? Are there any saved outside the Ark ? The usual notion is that all outside the Ark really perished. But .Father Walsh is perhaps more tender and loving and charitable than this church — moi'e chai'itable than the loving mother — and more infallible than infallibility ! Well ; but what does he say about the claims of Dr. Quinn ? He says that the country is indebted to this bishop for his " pi'otracted and determined opposition . to the enemies of the purity and sanctity of Christian matrimony and religious education." This is suiely something new. His great and protracted battle is unknown. His enemies of marriage and education are myths. But more, his victory over them, deserving a trophy in the shape of a sub scription from all good men, has never been heard of ! We believe that it is the opinion of all good men that the chief enemies of matrimony and education are those very bishops and priests who talk so much about " sanctity." As these bishops set up the falsehood that celibacy is better than marriage, and that celibate women are purer " than matrons, they ought not to be trusted when they talk about the " sanctity of matrimony ;" and, Avhen they insist that neither children nor adults shall read and think without their authority and oversight, they ought to be regarded as the patrons ot ignorance ; and theii work in all lands, where they have ruled for ages, is seen in national degradation and rotten ness. We trust that our Protestant friends in Orange and Bathuist will appi'eciate the claims of Dr. Quinn for their money to pay his passage to Rome and Ireland, to bring out priests and nuns for the further spread of Popery in their part of the colony. We do not doubt but that there will be some who will give their money because of their " business." There ai-e many Protestants who think more of their customers than of their consciences. It does not concern them what Dr. Quinn is doing or proposing to do ; it is enough for them that they have a few of Dr. Quinn's people as good customers, to induce them to give a good subscription. They do not particularly care for prie.sts; but they don't object to make profit oiit of them, and then to give a small subscrip tion when asked for priestly immigmtion. They do not think much about " minister ing angels" in the shape of convent .sisters ; but they do not object to supply the con vent with soft goods and butter; bonce their Protestantism is so elastic that they can give a subscription ! Our Protestant readei-s will be pleased to know that in the late Elections in England, wliich threw out Gladstone and gave a very decisive majority to Disraeli, oiot a single Ronutn Catholic candidate was returned for England, Wales or Scotland. It has been usual, since 1 829, when the so-called Catholic Emancipation Act was passed, for some Romish members to re present some one or other of the English 'electorates. Sometimes the Romish mera- bers.sitting for districts in England have reached a dozen ; but in this recent elec tion, notwitlistanding the long incubation of the " Catholic Union," and the division of the country into electoral districts for the classification and direction of tlie Catholic voteis, not a single Romish mem ber sits for any seat for England, Scotland or' Whales. There are about " fifty " who forni the Pope's Brass Band in the new Parliament ; but every one of them is Jxom Ireland. So that the " Island of Saints " has all the glory to itself of send ing men whose object is not to uphold the nation in her glory as a Protestant nation, but to drag her away froin her present moorings into connexion with the Pope, by their influence in the House of Commons. The majority of the Irish Catholic members are " Home Rulei-s ;" so that, their action and sympathy and object will always be the same, and they will keep like a phalanx compactly together, to move and vote as Drs. Manning and Cullen may direct them. For once England and Scotland have so far spoken unitedly in favour of Protest antism. The hopelessness of Romanists must have been very obvious, for scai'cely any put up as candidates. The " divinera" of the church evidently were made " mad ;" for all their counsels came to nought. In Glasgow the priests wished to dictate ; but the Catholic voters as much as told them " to mind their own business." The Marquis of Bute, a new Papal convert, in one of the electorates, made the strongest efforts to put out his own cousin ; but the Catholic voters refused to be led and dictated to by him ; and although a priest, named Lockhard, a grandson of Sir Walter Scott, cast in all his influence, yet the people persisted in judging for themselves, and the candidate thus supported by " the church " was ignominiously defeated. These are cheering facts. They tell us that Scottish and English Catholics cannot be drummed up like the faithful in Ireland to do whatever the priest may demand of them. They indicate that there is a break ing in of light upon the Catholic mind. They forecast a time when political freedom, power to act and vote under the protec tion of law, will train Romanists to think independently in religious matters — when, indeed, the truth will dawn upon them like a revelation from heaven, that all their life time they have been walking in darkness and have been robbed of their birthright. Priests never stick in inventing ways for increasing their proselytes. Like the ancient Pharisees " tiiey compa.ss sea and land to make one." With a zeal which is pure fanaticism they resort to dishonesty to save the souls of heretics. They will even tell lies, and perpetrate cruelty, that they may be the means of drawing to the church some little children, to be saved by their holy water and blessed sacraments. We all have heard about the little Jewish child who was stolen and baptized that it might be saved ! The story is fresh how the sorrowing relatives sought for the child in vain ; how holy Fathers and Sisters denied all knowledge of the child. As he was now saved by the holy water of the church ; as the devil was now driven out of him by baptism and oil and spittle, it was nothing to tell lies saying, that he could not be found, since such holy lies were for the good end of saving the child from relapsing into the hands of heretics ; and who would not admire this burning zeal that " little children might be brought unto Christ !" We call the attention of our readei-s to a fresh instance of this evident desire for saving children on the part of priests, which happened in Ireland, and Avhich is renorted in the papers by the last mail. We give the paragraph in another column : A priest gets acce.ss to a poor Protestant pervert.alinostin the article of death. He is so poor that he is lying and dying on a bed of straw on the floor. He has not one article of propercy ; but he has some children. The man becomes a pervert ; but the wife is a Protestant, and all the children have been baptized aiid brought up in the Protestant church. What does the piuest do ? He cannot get money. There is no property to will away ; but the priest draws up a formal will, in which the dying man is said to hand all his children over to the priest as their guardian ; and, when the said will is signed sealed and delivered the Protest ant mother is kept out of the wa.y, and the witnesses who sign it are peitons brouglit by the priest lura.self to the dying man's side ! Here is zeal for you ! Talk abou!; love for souls ! Talk about hard Avorking priests ! Talk about a loving mother church "opening her ample bosom to receive the little ones !" What but pure and holy love Avas firing the energy of Father Devlin in thus sweeping so many helpless children from the arms of a Pro testant heretic, into the happy ark of salvation ? It Avas nothing that the mother might refuse to give them up, the priest Avould produce the father's Avill ! It Avas nothing that the mother might cling to them Avith maternal love, the maternal love of the church Avas much more. . It Avas nothing that the children had been brought up Protestants ; this was their misfortune Avhich the priest would cure ; I and so as poor, childless, heart-broken, and a widow, the mourning woman might go her way, the priest, armed with a piece of paper Avhich he himself had druAvn up and got signed surreptitiously and fraudulently would tear her children out of her hand and send them to one of the holy convents to be nursed for the church ! Such a case as this cannot be a solitary one. It suggests plan, and past success in following it. The judge discovered that the priest was an adept in the draAving up of wills. It Avas discovered that he had forms lying at home ready to be filled up on an exigency. With tho.se forms on hand he could speedily adapt them to any case which might arise, to which he might be called. As the priest is abvays called " to fortify " the dying with a wafer and a little oil before death, this Father Devlin used to carry forms in his pocket as Avell as his small pyx, chalice, and phial; and, speedily realizing the position of affairs hy confes sion, the forms were filled up " willing " money, goods, chattels, or children to the church in the twinkling of an eye ! Will Job serve God for nothing ? Our facetious friend, " To be or not to be," is quite right Avhen, in allusion to our article on the Infirmary and Hospital abuse, he says that it is " niggardliness, selfishness, and respectable mendicancy," Avhen so many people avail themselves of " orders " for drugs and medical aid, Avho Avere never intended to be the recipients. The public charity is turned to bad account Avheu those " orders " are so easily given, in face of the printed statement on each of them, that the person applying for such charitable help is " unable to pay." The abuse goes on and extends itself by this over facility, and, meanwhile, the recipient, in a great many cases, is demoralized by such mean dependence on others. If the board or house committee would limit the issue of the " order papers," or abolish them altogether; if they would require that every one issuing an order shall testify that the bearer is knoAvn to him, is of his denomination, and is unable to provide the necessary medical skill or aid, the funds of the Infirmary and Hospital Avould be spared to a very lax'ge extent per annum, and the people Avould be trained to that care and prudence in their health Avhich are of high account , in the time of sickness. As things are people live up to the last penny of their means, and not a penny is saved. The day of .sickne.ss is never foi-seen and proidded for ; and then, Avhen at length, disease enters the door, the resort is " go to the clergyman, get an order on the Infirmary, go to the hospital and get free medicines, and, if the case be serious, get the district surgeon, but never contemplate paying anything for such comfort." The Boai-d or House committee ought to make their rule on the subject very strict and particular, for, in these days of benefit societies, Avhich always have doctors and dispensaiues attached, no one Avho wishes to be moderately frugal and industiious should require to resort to beggary for medical help and drugis, when sickness comes. A " Colonial Hansard." The Assembly by majority has resolved to go into com mittee to hear by Avhat strong arguments the country Avill be jmstified in spending two or three thousands per annum in the drawing up and publishing for futare generations the sayings and reassonings of our legislators. We shall pay great attention to those strong reasons. Those to be advanced by the corypheus, in this dance, Mr. Cooper, must be very con vincing and interesting. The House already knows that future generations are doomed to irreparable loss in the striking passages which he has uttered since his election not being fixed in a colonial Hansard. When he is on the point of concluding some gi-eat speech, and becomes melo-dramatiC in thrilling eloquence, Mr. Buchanan, for example, must deeply regret that no colonial Hansard is catching and saving the torrent of Avisdom. Mr, Parkes, too, must really Avish that he had the .stenographic art, Avith the noAv art of attitudes and intonations, so that future generations .should be able at a moment to reproduce Avithout deduction the sublime deliverances from East Macquarie ! What is to be done under these circumstances 1 Why, haste and get a Hansard, because, if the present House dies before it is e.stab- lished, and the lion, member be not again returned by the " free selectors of East Macquarie," hoAV will posterity ever for give this presentHouse for its niggardliness in not providing foi' the safe transmission of the orations of the ,neAV Demosthenes ? We believe, however that the House will have more good sense than to gratify the moonshine and sham thimder capacity of Mr. Cooper. It may be that he wants a billet as reporter for the Hansard. Perhaps it is cruel to suspect such a patriot of self-seeking. It may be that the " Press of the colony " is not very generous toAvards him in_ picturing this gentleman, astride a " harness cask," with a bullet mould, pens, ink and paper, &c.;, before him, as the implements of his trade. But the Press may be right in enquiring what is this " gentleman's ostensible means of support i" It is not a mean ambition to be editor, reporter, sorter, .or printer's angel of so important a national work ! and why not the hon. mover of themotiony and the convincing orator who carries the country? Joking aside, the proposal is Avorthy of the quarter whence it comes. It is the great conception of a minute philosopher. It is mere make believe legislation. To imagine that future genera tions will betake themselves to the study of Hansard in order to get correct ideas of the sayings and doings of our legislators, is to give, to the sayings and doings of hon. membera, after due correction and manipu lation, an importance and value Avhich no one Avill affirm that they possess. Futui-e generations may be grateful for good laws and consolidated statutes ; but for fossil speeches they will not give room. The comparative crowdof Dr. Manning's " sympathy meeting " in London, -with the less numerous meetings to express Protes tant sympathy arose precisely from the cause which Ave suggested in our last. Dr. Manning sent a pastoral to be read in all the churches speaking of persecution, martyrs, faith of Clu-ist, the Church, the Vicar of God, and requesting rich and poor to turn out to the meeting to shoAv hoAv much their sympathy was Avith the persecuted and suffering Catholics in Ger many. Noav, it is easy to understand hoAv such a pastoral, read and expatiated on by the haranguing pi'iests, Avould get up an Irish mob of "rich and pooi." The Irish Avoukl be false to all their antecedents if they did not boil over with onthu.siasm on the occasion ; so that the crowds were exactly Avhat was to be ex pected, not as the spontaneous expression of men's thought or appreciation of the so- called " persecution," but as the result of priestly drumming up under the false cry of " the church is persecuted." On the other hand the " Educational Committee," Avhose secretary Avas the chief hand in getting up the Protestant meetings, took an entirely different course. Tickets were printed and sent to as many as Avex-e pre sumed would come. No mox-e tickets were px'ovided than the x-ooms would com fortably hold. The mob was excluded. The " x'ich and tlie ixooi'," so naively put by Dx'. Manning, were so distinguished that only so many would be accommodated. Maixy of those who Avere invited did nob appeax because they did not wish to of end the Catholics of Englaml. Many did not come because they feax-ed that their action tooidd be misunderstood. They did not come because they feax-ed that some enthusiastic speaker Avould utter things that might not he palatable, and, if they wex-e preisent, they Avould be held to be so far committed to the sentiments ixttex-ed. Thus the so-called respectable people x-easoned, so that, of coux-se, as they did ixot come, their seats, reserved for them, were empty. Their declaration came too late for altex-ation in the no- gramme, and so the very means which Avere so prudently taken to exclude every thing like " No Popery mobs," has been taken advantage of by Popislx sympathy meetings and Popish orators to sneer at the failux-e of the Pi-otestant sympathy meetings ! This is but another lesson to teach Protestants that they " oftnnot please Catholics." If the Halls had been thrown open to the general Pi'otestant public, and the churches throughout London had been x'oused to send their thousands, no dozen Halls of St. .lames' Avould have been sufficient to hold them ; but then the " English Catholics" Avould have said that it Avas a " No Popery mob," and the feax-- ful Protestant-titled speakers would have stayed axvay for fear of a liot ; on the other hand, as the Protestant Educational Committee, in getting up the meetings, Avished to act prudently and to make the meetings select, and to keep out the possible "No Popery mob," and to make the " sympathy " really the .sympathy of England by representative pex-sons, the Romish crew, instead of thanking the pro jectors of the meetings for their prudeiice and consideration of the feelings of "English Catholics," laugh at them fox- their pains, and call theix- comparative good meetings failures in comparison with their OAvn drummed up mobs ! The Pon-sh Archbishop and oratoi-s laughed. That did not shoAV that they -were meny. They said, that those who stayed aAviy stayed ' aAvay becau.se of their good sen-ir ; bu'i; they apokefalsely; for while those persons stayed away they sent letters approving of the object. Tlie whole thing, however, is now explained, and the boasting of our.'rcemaJi is jnst what we expected it would tui'n out — as false and deceitfiil as a priestly paper is able to be. The weakhiinded and charitable Pro testants of Sydney ai-e again appealed to by the church and her myrmidons to give their money for her special benefit. It is the Marist Brothers' School which is now the object. Dr. Vaughan has opened the concern by a special presence and cere mony, so that while the faithful may be induced to help xmder the light of the Archbishop's countenance, the liberal and charitable Protestants may be assured that the concern is thoroughly respectable. We hojie that but few Protestants will be weak and blind enough to be decoyed. The Marist Brothers are the most dangerous and imscrupulous of all the underling agents of the church. They are a branch of Jesuits whose special devotion to Mary, their patroness, is especially displayed by their dishonest methods to entrap and mislead children. They have drawn up a series of school books which are constructed on the principle of falsifying all history and perverting all facts which in any way militate against the church. We wonder that the Romish Church is so anxious to have her own books in schools, and cannot tolerate that history should be read in the Public Schools! The books which are used in the Marist Brother's' school in Sydney are such as must fill the children with the most hateful views of their fellow colonists, and perpetuate into succeeding generations the most revengeful feelings of the children towards England. Through out the books " the church " is the chief object upon which the children must fix their eyes. The story is that she has been hated and persecuted by England, and that all who are opposed to her are heretics who must perish. Such schools, therefore, are centres of sectarianism and bigotry of the most truculent description. They are places where principles are inculcated directly opposed to our national good. They are breeding places of hatred, malice, strife, and ignorance. They are schools where Protestantism is denounced and misrepresented as the religion of Satan ; yet these Marist Brothers, with innocent faces and smiling looks, under the guid ance of their new Archbishop, have the assurance to ask Protestants to give their money that their Marist Schools may be made more eflicient in teaching their bigotry and falsehoods. "Gon Reali.y Diud." — "A well-wisher" corrects Dr. Barry's objection to Dr. Vaughaii's heretical statement — "God really died." "A well-wisher " should give a f)ona fide name in confidence, to entitle him or her to a place in oar colunms. The, union of two natures in one jxerson must not be allowed to confound the suhstauces of God and man. He was God and M.au, says the Athanasian Creed, "liot by con fusion of substance but by unity of person." Dr. Vaughan's heresy is like that of Entyches and Apoilinaris ; he evidently "confijses the sub- tauce." The "Son of Man," when one earth, might very well say He came down from heaven ; and the Apostle might say of Him, after the exaltation, the man Christ Jesus, that He who was then the Lord of glorj' had been crucified, without pretending that "God really died." That the "Lord of Glory" reigns till He hath put his enemies under his feet," (1 Cor. xv.)— and then "He shall deliver up the kingdom to God even the'F God shall be all in all." Our friend should have consulted some textual authority on "Feed the Church of God which he hath purchased with Ms own blood." The Alexandrian and many ancient manuscripts have instead of "Theon" God, "kuriou" the Lord, which was the ordinary Christian epithet of the Lord Jcsns. But were it othenvise — God having assumed humanity, and that humanity having bled, the blocd so shed might bo called "his own " without allowing to ns the awful assertion that "God irrebaniiv died." Mystery is one thing — Blasphemy is another. Our friend further asserts that the " Apostle's Creed fully hears out Dr. Vaughan's teachmg that the Messed Virgin Mary is the Mother of God. His only son conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary." We fear Dr. Vaughan, him self, would denonnce as heresy the notion that "The only begotten of tho Father became so by being born of the Virgin Mary which seems the sense forced by our critic on the Apostle's Greed. "God," says the larger Creed, "of the substance of the Father before the worlds, and Man of the substance of bis mother, born ii the world." "He was made of the seed of David -according to the flesh" We certainly agree that we should not pretend to be wiser than tbe ' Scriptures. They nisver use such horrible ex- jtressions as the Death of God" or the ' Mother of God." A CoRKESFONDEKT sends us the following translation of a French prayer to the Virgin, with remarks. — "Q Most Holy Virgin Mary, Mother of God, I, H choose thee this day for a mother and misti-ess, xxtron, and advocate, depositing; in your blessed hands in any maimer (whaitever) my body and soul, life and dcfith, also my eternity, and whatever is mine, lleceivc me, O Messed Queen of Hea ven, for your handmaid, and. make me servant of thy son JesuS' Christ, and that I joay dwdl for eretmoie. . Amea." My remarks on the above are as follows. The exprewion "Mother of God," is 1st. Blasphe mous, and a denial of the attribute of eternal. Christ was always God. 2nd. The phrase is of heathen origin. 3. Augustine regrets the term. The goddess Cybele is called " Mater Deonim." Not to multiply proofs, and to be brief ; It ignores and contradicts the following passages contained in 1 Cor. vi. and remaining clause of 20th verse — " Ye are not your own, for ye are bought with a price, there fore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are God's. " We are God's and his solely : and "looking qf unto Jesus." — Heb. Rome will have it " look/roni Jesus to Mary : " Paul, "look from Mary to Jesus." "Sir" at a dlscount. — Mr. Francis has refused the honour of knighthood twice. We are scarcely surprised. The equestrian ordcr has not gained much in dignity of late years by some of its new members. ' ' Rebels to tho back bone," self designated, can scarcely be expected to attain to such an order without injuring its prestige. 