;PREhSB'YTEIAN NORDI' ut NATION AS T J;EvANDALE.. DIj. (By oUr' ota .eporter, )'"' WD ... nVesDNBDAY JANUARY 7. ": Thise pyas the iday nanmcd ft r ar meeting of Presbytery of the' Church of Scotland,b n':h for the purposo'of priceeding to the ordti, nation of theld'.lobort.t S Duff, M :' i; to tho :chargo of Evanldaloin euccession mtoethe RevY. I.ussell,? who for about thirty oyears a;u ya , the ui respected patr, of..the: .Evandole Presbyterlan: Chuirch, and.wlio resigned.agpb o monthg r' 'ato. Since then the pulpit has been sup ll e ?ioyvarious ruainiters,latfwrlybyithe 'th1e Mr. Dikohstn,a e lrpnbyterian.olergy r oaintfrom Norti iAmerica. .,Somei'time l 'since, the Revn.S. It Duff who halidcqee i to the colonies for health, purposes,, was go induced to visit Evdidale, and the im prd?osaiiit'prdduedd by' tie'yhuen iioi tar's earnest and able labors wa selsch to induce the people to wieli to'give hie a t, call. The usual petition' was`seit in to t the Presbytery, and commiesionier8 eiare appointed, resulting in'tlid e'al'being'ie tainediand tlie'usnaldediit'foi redi tie n thec dngregat ion,ft r'MDuffii' theo thn an tioe, having intimated to tri'h"PTebn-tdr no is i acoptanceg,;ipfithe call. aTho pro- i gramme of the day icluidoin tho meng i of the Presbytery and tho ordination odf Pe ''the minister, with a 'tid?noodrtin.etfuoI- li ýwards at the Agrirultural Pavilion,t d an evening meeting at tl huaeh.i ,Aa gr 'Presbyterian Ordination 'i's pnov?oty-i r i this cololny, much interostd?v0a tarebnjyrn Sthe procoedingeu and a large 'boncoatreft viesittirs" lfrom'tlie" suridundig"di'strict and Launcestt'ltiei'tlih'cdlgrbgatiban dsd adherents of tholEvndalde Chinch on the oceasion, arriving by train and-private conveyanc?, giving a litely aspei?i td ithe very picturesq.u~otownship and'locaity. v Ate ah ort er pift p h.. tb p utix mr. t of tliae rosbytegy ~renibtleidr o?e"oPo ... byterian Cihnrei, tho, ovuj . io tetde gaor..o There were ealo e present tthe Rev. Janl Scott, "o' St.' pJoltin'% Maclnario-etrcelt Hobart.,o wnvo antd Rev J. Gardner, Of 8:"An'di'ov's, Lanncoston. ThoiRevy. 'J Gdrdner" rDported 'tith i hol had servedi thue .edidt ? lo the 'previous i Sabbaths;i as ? ppointed 'byo Presbytery, which was duly minuted, and' also that thqro had beeq no response in, the shape of bbjdctioi' to1Mi uDut~ I ., i .i ii," ,. t~rt " edtov:.it.4:i hichd, dera"tr;iaand hI Presidogput theon ocendd the pulpit' 't.>j. bhlricho tteg' filled,., and thlie minstors. b a?lsboire to tae p?rt being satioind it, tv' pth platforn..These ilcdudedod tie.d' la 'J'; Lindsay;i "Prdsbyteriana o mtiistr.e of: I Chqaein, Church, Launceii ton, endm hi 'tied'othr',;inistedr abodve :naiiined. i Thear biViddihte took'whis place on the flori' of. the iclue'i'd in front' of thee'. plaitorm"'A'] s, psah!ui haying beoii sung',}y the congreoe t tidi;; scrjpi'ur lebassons were road, selectdt yo froesi'. Cor, iii and 1 .Tiu , iv, and no prayer ions offered by , tliho. Moderator. ' A'nothel psallii'atie then soungllo g, , THE SERMON. , et text anid'proachled the ermofn'" " pa DTxt'l Cor. ili.'1-" Otior' fouendtion ocan sh no' loar lan tan t is' ltai d,u'wchi, 'it'-Jeris Christ,'! The toelptatioes to wavoer frome the'D faith in thle asniet Cihuerch,as aew, wore goat; 'R ned the wonder. was that thy kepot tile fattli 'i ci the face of so'm'a iy dilcicultiee.:; The,, teachiing f of the Apestlo'wna anst as ippifeablo to usto-' day as it was in tle tnoe of the 'Apostces, for It tiiero wne the sime tondloney todny to. promote or party fooling in difero t cihurchles ; party names is wore as numerous,; ned- the' ovils were equally aiipareont. The get qesteion woe not nre woe of Peier of Apelloe,,eut nre,we of Chrlst,t eri we fellewore o'f Christ, is Clieto'eor' guide, and' are we willing'to be ?nlled' by Hi ant i' Hlim a only? 'Oilier foupdationcai no mean lay than e tlatis laid, whiehis eseoa Chlrist"-otherfounda-, tl tioen of dorine. If we look int various se - toms which lioreshed be b'i'd en snrod Sop, hi 'turo?we fln'l they can, have noefeundetiton, b-' ' aeuse Christia nottihe foundation:' Tiey hold t Christ to be simply ten, endl that is not aoconlt' ei big to, Seripturo;:tpaoehing. l'ut uaside they . ,vieaeiosascrifileeo' of Christ, ondi what is faith, and whlere is fergdvenoss to be feundli in'tai Pl eamu I:T 'lVlthout nshedding of blood there lenis n remission of :sin--':-The' blood df Jesus Clhristi oleaniseth from nli hin."o If thiu doctrine of. thie atoeic?ent be tiabk hoay nbthltng is 'left for us to :build iulwn, "foi " 'Thdre i no other it amen. teiven namongeon :whereby we can to navel,' wheroby oe can he reeenoileIito Giod. hi Thiionly systm urf.dotrine tiltpt.,ea satand is ti that' whioh rent onti . diihriset Voleled. '",:Oilr t fo?ndaitteon of n?erlotlrin' spiiitual 'life' cnm no t nnt lay. Every man is bnildihig n' spiritill ' dtroeturo, .andt ifiwo buihlt[icoording to :th f faitli, Chriet, our spiritual lifo will be a thling t of beaunty;" OChrit 'is' the feindatioit of"our it fait, randitir"?opel Suecll 'are' stino of the t living, stones iamdci the' matterial: of which tile a Christian builds nlhih epiritul life..' Aitil thesl bhlhder iallthi? eolir'tiirngeinent 'thnt his work h eeoitl' not'be ilhelro'dl:. This foindlition lilns i weoatlierod the' etdpe of' iese, 'andl Christ isn ciled'tlb'?ioek: of Abesl oItoek of:everlslting strength, unheioulaoiei and tinlmocable... Ilut it i " will be ihand to meet titl day of trial on afoui.- 0 dqtlu'oo'b iannl'; and all are buildlng ceither en 1 thinio'Stk or' on"thlo ande;" Citrist is tie only foiuidation of tle Clhurrt--iot of a sprt; hbt the? whole. Chureb; niet of on dcenoeinaitio hbt a ef nll'ilonminntione who inie l His'name : for ie knows only one Chireh, tile Chiirch'of tihe II htqdeumed.': .'l??e ?lplritne of:ihllmwi en oo i fouuodatien. "Cod ti; a Sphititi, anil they that dworshnip il mi'mst woresiip Hint it spintand o in truth.l':" Plaoo is fcno ceneileoner,' then smnner and the spilit ari ill-" in spirit nanti in truth ;" in "my name.'. From the isubjot thiis lossen.might hr learnedl, t.hat the foundation is I broad einoigh for un all.' i f ior prniso'dan dit our pntyrt bo foundedl thereon tbey'will-he me epted, and the great work. of recovering souls i froi, 'id, iiid the establisehnhent of spirittollife I will be 'carried on until all will be perfeteid, iid i tite topelton rmnised with inhdutilngsof "grace, I grace uotoit' e :,.." . . ': 'lE O iRDINATION. 'The Muodeaetor than li'ft tihe pulpit aind omitered the' ienk. Hai' gaveo a short nii'riative"of the 'procediings.nabnt the call:' d?'r Dmir,'o"dnd· re?questod' the con gregation to standtl p, putting tle'oieual' qt icstioni, niaely- ' SI)o yOUl, to 'mbimier eOf'tis 'congrergatio,,I testlfy your aditoioneo to.thle call wlich you bravo gven the .ev..ltobeotrt S. Dulf to be your I mniolslr, omd do'sfe"'tirdially roceive lim aid tiroisoe to plrovido for hike''seitahble maihte I -anice, anmd totgtve Iim allUluo resleet, sunjoc I tion, urd incoureger lenee in tlto,Lol ? -Which oaynanwoered in the afiireativo.. ; Thec'-ediditt? then roes, nid replied nI the afirmative to the following qUes Do you hmbotove 'dti0. Sriptires of the Old aii New Tectlciit to lie the Word 'of Cod, end the ouly rnle of ftilnimnd i Pmic Stica " Do yleu nknowledge- Tlnta tle uVWotminster Confesolon of Faith, tire argor aed aliorter Catechism, the Form of 1' 'Preshiytcrla Clhnrchn Ccvernmnct, the Dlrtery' for Publi'- 'eroslitp, anl the Beoend ihoot of y Dlseilino, the staeiliaruls ad, formulnrics of That incsmueh nos there isoa differene of 1d'lnien i, reganl to' tl'o doctrineos -ontaiene in tllhse standerds relative Ca ilee iower aned duty of time civil mnaletmite ini iatters of religioni, tihe oofie-h-arera of tubi Churctl, in sibserileg thesRO etaellndnl eInl fOnnlvelePritmo 1ot to be held os cointeonrmcen g naly pirsoretbeg or in, telorenmt iirincpilio, or. nM lrefroelnte aney views l refeoreue to the imoor an11d duty of the eivil ygetionletrto inconlistent with tie, liberty of eor u sunil eolcienco 'r the right of privata uhdg ir Tht this Chureco.isserte 'for itself a sc1uariato neil indpeandent eiarnctorun c, loiition \- s oa thiiumrvi preleNoes nuprsIrn juritdietion over al its suboevliitto JuiicaItoric,, eeonire;ation, ind Y ecifei cnd will receive lll eiiiisters 11nd1 ie urcnclcrs froem oilir I'resbytorana Clbnromlue nie p- Ilying for hnei iion li ni oulinl tooting, oriio Shmdl thereclimn bcecoue subtect to its juridsip -I Do yell own nnd icliove the whole deoctrin ent dnecd inotlhe standari of this Chourd a on ohibjitiin oia tlse i ehnin whdlch yon un lertaln' tho Holy Scrpioreo c nenl do you eneale Ormtnl ttid constttly to adhere thereto,, uan tOith-e utmoat ofyour. power' asert, inalntl, 'and i!efend the salon and the purity of worship as jresontly practised in tl Church? ' SAr you Iperuade tlhat the Presbyterialn goverment and, discipline of this Church are loundod ei tdhe ondl of od and agreeable theroto ; nal do yo promiso to submit to the 'eaid govemoent and discipline, and to concur with thie somo, and never to endeavor, directly fe 'r ilodirectly, tho projuolioe or subvorhion hLercof, but to the' utmost of your power, in your statlion, to mniutluin, sepport, and defendo the said dtaipltne anod Presbyterian government ot by Sessions and Presbyteries during all tlo days 'ofyour life . i Do you promise to submit yourself wi- ne i!igly aid' humbly; ti tilo spirit of meekness, unato te aldonitiorts of the brothren of this Prosbytory, adh.beo lbjeerot th them,, and: that eoconting to your power 'ou shall maintmnn thi unity and pence of this Church against errorn and schism, notwitlhstanding of whaetever itrou bIe or persecution may ariso, and thlot you wll n follow no divisive courses from: the present ye bstnblished doctrine, worship, diooiplno. and al ovuerment of this ChurL o? ...... u Ar oeal for the sglory of God,' ldve to tl e lord Jesus Christ; and a desire to savesu(e s ' e and not worldly intorets;or expeetotfons, no fap ti La you know' 'you own' ieonrt,, your great mo tivbs and chief tiidteeme ntsto seekthei office of the holy minisrtry? ": v y SHave you seed' any.unduo oothods,'elilthr ,by.mour el-f or others ti troeuring this call. fe w o you acept o anid clone witll this call,n od pronise through grace to perform. lll the c datioes of a faithfsl minister of thei Gospol I amongihis peopl =t.- ' :1 ' 'e: . SDo you proo(uel to give ne itonrtious 0h eittenlaneo on thaCoortool the urc, to be at ubjeeotto them Ji.tleo Lord, to take a due tnte-, p rest in tleit pronceeding, snadto i study the to dthings wen ch'sal k fr'pnoa' b fe Do you engagle, iw:tbo mitrngti of Divine gre, to live a holy and ciroumspect life, to ru?e wel yepr ow house, sp faithfully;Udill 1" gently, 4"od eieeorflly dieolargo nil tho ports of Cio `toinieterial `workt?to tio'edifying eolf th o?d all these thingos you prfeands oa - pro S blothroeglh grace, as. you shall he answerable nt Ins eoulfrg of'thI'Lord Je.sue'Chrlst P' a Thie Moderator--Mr Duff,' you' lhvsig i nsnweredltloe'tuestions satisfactorily, youle will be orilined to the, ofriceof,, Mniuter f f thla Church. ;, n, o The candidate leavingg knelt?infrontf .ofl he desk, the Modgrptoeoffered the h )ordinatlon Prayoer towards the close of b vhich the brethren 'o of th'e Prosbytory, iogethlnr with the Roev'J. Lindsay, took ( csrt in thlo.mposition oft hands;' anld'Mr o oil', whlo afterwards signed the Fornulan: a was inducted into the pastboral charge of t lho congregatiocn. " ti. TILE CIIUnOE1TO' TIIt'?0OINIOTEa AND CON- 0 ORtl.ATuOf. P Tho tov. J. Gardner, appointed by the Presbytry to deliver, tlhe charge to:that Mluipter:-ettect acid thle congregogtion,'h havimig ascended tho pulpit, said ;-.., 0 M [l" DeAit ]IiOTEn,-I holve been appointed T ly thb' l'reslhytcry to' address' to you a felow n wordls. You now for the frest tmo stand alpart t no n accredited omi(istcr of tile gospel, by tlo laying on of hoand ol. the Proebytery,' a one I ileneeforth to sustain thIe duties and reiponsl bilities of a minister. It is not 'for me, nor for bnyono here, to suppose tint' you hava'nt o weighed tile nature amd chlmcter of theo duties btd rceponsibilities of the snored ministry., No ' doubtiyou havf/weigiled thlese mittore,'tmder n il?e eye of God ' 0nd with a soloen eonviotlon of i your responsiility, you may be able to give an accoont of wheat you heave done td Hin ,o iel scarehotlh the hearts and trieth the reins ofi ti children of men. Obeerislsig a omsvlction that n yonheave' long thought of 'these thlings, yot'I t may, after tile ounmilee of one of old, nock to stir up your purs mind by wnyof remembronce. You are now the .ministeor of this Chumrh, an n a..baoador.for Christ, entrusted with tie mees se.uecf ealvitioi,'tollisg men of tlne aoe'way of I oseeking to be at peace with God; telling of Him eheo ceo in tihe name of thleu Lonl, migsty to save.- Tont messago may ho seen i thosao grna cious words,' "God so loved the world that He grveo is onlybcgottinaSon, thlat whosoever be lirevtl'in Him miglht hotheeris, but leave ovor- o lasoting life "''f " Tls is a faithful eating, and wortly of all abceptutibn, that Christ Jesus camen into' tile worldto ave suinners;- 'of whom I am chief.', Your great themee ina the. pulpit:nand outi of it will be? Chriset Jesus sul him, cruel i ted." It will be yoursan an itrulnoent intho'. handq of God to seek to couvince slsnnra "of e, t amslto'enliglton'thieotr minl, in the' kndwledge e of Grisat, to renew.atheir wills and porsunad the0 to come to' Christ a the true u Sayour. It wa.ll also be yours to encourmge pilgrims, and to 6 help tseu onin tller sltiritell progress and in a Severy goid worde and wiirk. God lms spoken to a those whlo are to go fortlh In Iis name, and I nmybrioly allude to,a few of thpso exlherta .ttoiswhils nroe givqnto . theo servants of thso Goesadl.'h It.]ms'boan'sail, "ilo alcnhk unto the i peopleall tho'words of tihe life." 'lWhen Jonahl wna mnttoNitiveh'itwas said, "?ePreolsntotho y 'elothoe preachcingthalt Ihi thmee;" and when Guist sent forth loin servants llu sold, '.' Preaeh thlb Gospel to every oreatorore;" and again,. "Go stanid in tlie'tomplo (d(e1 spak to tho peoplo all tile woels of this life." Such, ny brother, will be-your thease,, In connection witbyour minis- i trita work. it'wll leoyours to visit from thouse to'lsoosd,'to?tifying'to the, pleople repontaicee ownala lod end faitlh in' our Lordlesnsua Chriot. You will thus prove yourself to be a friend, tile friend of your people, and. ci ssch oppoltni ties yote wIt aeck to set forth divine trusthe, that iti y.be'aeoend':to' bho from God. Seek 'aloi to enforoe:the, duties uofparento of the children,; ond.wsat qqd has sald, ': Thoa ny words th0ou saelul trdeahire p ine thind hbart, end diligently tobtlithom 't6 thy onsh and Lthy sea's sons after thee. : 'A spobial lortion of your duty will con-c ,latsi'of.vitation;.to olt :tbo( sick, tih alillted,;t and the dying,. :You will as you Imhave oplmrtu eIity tell tuo sick of. Him who hau said "'Cat. thy beerddion the Lord, ad lie wvill sustain thee;" '. Cssl'luponme in the day of trouble, I( will ldeliver tiet, amid thou slut glorify me." Yoiu will' tell them of -HIea who "in ill theo aillietion of hispeople woeas hIimself aillicted";. oast itl~nt aworhave ,ot an Iiglh priest who can eot'bhtiqhvd wvitls tho foeilbag of ourinfrsoity, fo "t' avua" ine all ' points tempted ' like as we 'orn" "'YoeLwill' speeially declarn iu the eare of tilo dying Ilimc wleo '"' ath n?.Olibaed' -dIth- 'ad- breughSt life and im mnortality tpU ligbit hy tile Gospel." otd that "for asmnohl tles, as tlheo'clhildren re poartakers of fesllls and blood,- se also himsel"f likewise took iort of thle eu(l .; tlhat througl delsth le Iso deiglt lotrnoy ist that hlsd tlhe lpe'rr of dath,, thlatt i, t10 d'ilnvil ; nnd' deliver tlsem wIle thlreogh' fearof deats waere' all their lifetino subjecdt to bhonlage,.::.: You will fisd it to bu a plasleng duty to watcl over young elhilreas. Christ dsel, 'Feed my' elsee ," but se also esaid, "PFiedtmy'lambs." 'Vene will seek to tell them of nthe , G ood 'i Shephenl iasd persenhlo tllhem...,.to ?olk .in his . foottolelps., Yeol will ;eposaavewordsis in seaoeu to tlosee awho nro'in tle bloom of life, asking' tlsom fto daevote'thser srength to God. You will also nylyngathlid wlth, ' tholo wleo Iave ndvaneed in tise journoeyof life, and "whens tile keepers of thle iouse snall ;tremohlo naed tho strong meon shlll bow thleomselves.' You will tell tiemu of Hinh who i tlhoir reofego .aod streogtl, (a(l en hort tlhem to goon tlleir' way rejlocing il God throughl our Lord JeeOs Christ. Thoseo are a I few of tlhe dutioes wlhlle nw olvclrolvo on you as ao' Grhtiuua tminister, aud nle disolscrging themyou will reck to rely coot on yosr owe steeagth, battoh tihe slerengtllh of Almightty God. Prepare'dmileontly for the lulpit, and in di, 1 chlrgeodf all' your duttloassek'tlo greeo and strength'of the Lorl Jesus nheo hiaths aid "cor tlahly I wall ho with you ;smy lrseesec eloll'" ge with you old. I awill give you rcsat:" "H by graeu Is sutlletnt for yo.1 ey str n 0tl lu heade lrfeLb I-uweoescknoss." Ths Lord blClalyuas slcs haUtee' YO(, anud enoke His face to shlni atlo oeu; yo nyu e Bivo you poace, and may you have moay fortho erown Oe your Joy acndl reo1Uicinlg in that day .s. jo s The rev, gentljnan also maid it l'sd fallen to hIislot to aidresos to the conagreestion a fow y:'wanls of solomss, afgectionato cousnsnl Tih SIlreeedln s of tile (lis motst be a emastter of ien tf tsrestsalefooling. dboutayenr ego he who hadlulranrd mong tlhoe ?.t hohy tsings wcent ou tfren theOm , md tlsuy isednot sseu IsIa fare e sico tlsat tihu, bhut hie Ihortd teya woulsI often 'Y til(es see the wHllbknoara faco of trim who held sccnvaereowith thesmnd fornolona o ttmowrntils Sm((laout omongtlhem,. It-wusr 5aatterof great thaulofuloouusthott lod Isosl sent thlema sue laillnd, hse trestedl is Chlristisu eoxe 'iI rience ;oad 00 avell neqoloted awtll tlsat work e- to whiulh Ihm aas hencesorth to devote lidoself. 6' They lus heaurd tslortaxltsltion soldresol to h le but lsim tell tlseas ttsere were dotlem . le plrololued to state a few of tie nesoat antor tanA;(.( (lnO( tb5oo etattl were family t(sd jpriyat preyer, is the coureu Cf hls remsrbs on " Thu ?tluts in pryero appear as one In wor lnnd ,Iced dees nind, "'sllio wills tilbe autlmro nd the Son Sweet fellowashlp tlhy findo" an 'or lir'l.'ur ito molsi o01 earths alons ir ns ll110oly Slirnt tllrdosa dI Aol ,erou, on ulse eten1 l tleronu, .a : "'''rl smesr nlotreddel. O Thlou b'ywhonmw cobume toGod, i" o Tihe Lito, the Truth, tho Way, S"The path of lprayerThyelf hast trod, ' h • ,n+Lorld teaoh usrhow to pray."l . Other- dutle relerredto were, regular attdn- W dance on Djvine onlrin?oee, warm welcome to theo minoister when he visited their reopoetire homes, cheerful and ungrudging minitering to da necessities, aid to ensuroe . im a tt liberal income. :-In efereneo to roll, gtous giving, Ir Gardner observed that p of ? oll, niloerorablo. epectactes one the face of this earth, anItthoer were not a few such, the most milerahle oft all -woo when a man hay-n ing morens placed at hie diposal could not tahk fe mlvantg o of it for hie own good, or the good of ids fellow oreaturesi' 'In conclusion lh coom mended their minietor-to athe congregation- and "dlerento, to.young-and old,.'rich ned poar, saint, nd sinner, wleo would assemble within tleos- waill, and lae oommende al oil "to God and tie word oetHis grrce which tsabloeto build th you up,_'nd otogive you an hheritnnee:mong n all them which are sanotliled." far i Afteringi gaaid ýth ab?deedictien'tlto Rn Modr'rator, accdompined by tlio Minitetr- noe elect,, proceeded to the ochurch porch, and ' thn': cOnrgatiol'ilied ?]it'h ni dswce tith nlr h" Dtlffa thcypasee'd'Utt. "' ' ' of anie+ Ts.A LEETINhe a trr e nt :or b i ,ahe Agti ultural ompviionny whoro rey them i t?a, was r to. taket plaeen Aoon be'o came; the object, of }ttraction. The- r ladies n ad.,bhen indefatigable ] in their' tEh ebideavpra' oe give ne.amtto the:.occasieon,0 arimd ha? succeeded admirably. in- their I preparations. A large development of oil taste t and'in'detitryi wah mnilfest ih.the of festoons and other decorations of ferns ondlordk~iinsd , andsever?leidedea auncd 1pehdodd oetlhe wlsl. T')lhe word "Wel come," done with laurel leaven, woo con Dpicuonly pllaced di the wall at the upper. obnd of t aheargo aev ment.,and on other Ce iWo tlh e tieoxts"b'rBe s uro-g and of goodn ourage,"'and~ "Ttistoii' tohe' Lord and hi io good.-i. Tho tables=wlhich were nub- tl ntantiallTeau?pplied with naidiches, cake, h fruit,- hv ree thibkly studded withviases bi of floral beautiesn The arrangemoent forb attending to the ceinpanyorere systematic mnd complete, but so-great woas the num her of ricitorsathat'.it wsi 'nsecssary to if have a relay. The Rove. A. N. Mason gI (Church of sEngland), JosepltWlhitem(Wo--i " loyau),.-and .A, Grant ,(taptist),: ?wore i" among,tnhe ministern present, in addition, ti to those previounsly naed.- The tea coim m oiencod at five o'clock and finished W lortly h aftersix, when the company began to,dio- 00 peree prior to the evening meet?ig.:. , cc roOfLO e T EETINO. -' H The pnblic meeting in the Churl owaso e appointed to be held at half-pact nix. cl Thlere was a numerous attendance l The o newly-ordained - Minister presidod, and w there were on the platform the Revdce. th A. Michie, Jas. Scott, J. Gardner, T te wIickson, Joseph White, and . Graniit. t A psanm leaving beeon' sng, prayer was 01 offered by the Rev. T. Dickson. " v SThe Rev. Robert S. Dull; MA., tlien to said :--There are man reasons wovli I 0 shnould not detain you long with any r' ti marks of mine on tleis oeccanion. The 1 programme of speakers is large, itiid lo ti I should like you to hear them all, I P' nust st an example Cf brevity. I 6xpect w to hleave freqouent opportunities ofilAddre- f sing you, and thlercfore ealle"l eavo ri much time as posoiblo to tlhoso who have u come from a dintanco. Besides, after theo it inipressive nervices of this day, olemnin- ti ing a union in wvlihli you as tice congre- t lgation and I as thee ministor-elcct have i eon tihe contracting parties, it oems prou doent that much should not be said eithir tc oar your part or mine. "Words fitly spoken are like apples of gold in pioctures o of silver ;" but thre are timaeso when thie 01 rushl of emotion and theeo'lirry'of tlhdugtlet a are udih that no words 'canl littingly ox- w Spros thiem and wheo thordfo0re it s nafoer H to pr-eff to-?ldi ilencptno the.silvor1 of spee ll. The 'day on inwldei a man en ters on a new opoch of life--stepe for ili ti first time into a position of public actiont 0' ac?te ;hpon'eibility-oOight, to be 'a day to not'tf words, but of prayerful refloction--.: ii not of confident prominee, ljou.. midost leapdet This isn'eiecially truod iftRie po'si tieu be that of a neminintgr in. the chtirci I of Christ. It might -be tlihought tlat ton ydars of preparation fom thoe'tilce of the a holy ministry would `nso, fpeniliariso the d mind wit ih ts tluties rind risponsibilitieo i that wlhen tlhe time catit onoe would enter d on it sinply as a matter of conrso. Be-. liervo me it isnbt so.' Thu :steps ieer'"b'e ii thoe natural eulnination of one'n labors' b 'and training,. but it is. neverthlecs a ii large step and an awfully reoponsible one. Paul the Aged, at tlbo clooe of the con- t flint, tay appropriately proclaite the t triumphs of his Chleristian warfare-"':I u leave foueglht a good figlht, I have finished P Iny ourse, le, havo I kept i tho faith" ; bat Timothy the y'uieger,- having just put S on lhis armour," will 'gt- silently ilto :th arena, 'his eye c hminbly' and tirust- a fully fixed ''en' '' God ' aid - duty. iTho privilog'a aedd' respoetibilitices of a Christian pastor are numerous and ian Spiortaint Un'dilortking theen ifrom love to the Good'Slephlerd, lee will at all timos t I hoar thle Master's voice--l Feed to t lseopi'''" Feodmny'ilambs, " raed will do :I light to lodadil a hi ock -by the grcen pas Stures,antid tlio waters of 'qteiotnees. Tleo I Gospel will be his grand. thlem-tllo won derful 'ross, tender, attractive, aneiighty. Hoe will never preach Iimeself,, bt alwvays SChrist-i leis otions as eis wortds will be nso t many finger posts pointing to Christ, nor ioyottg -iist ane tho way to' tho'-crosse. Seeking to raise a higher standard of I morality and spirituality around hlim, he must Ihimself "wear the white flower of a blaoueltns life," and be an epistle of Christ f sinepressively kinownv and clearly reatd of I o all men; his walk and converoation reo tlecting the traneforming, purifyinga, and sntctifyiitg powerr of thle Gospel hicL hee Spreaghc. 'He will 'point to heaven and leu the way. H will beo tle friend and I' 'f dounsellor of his 'people sympaMthising r f with thelm in all that concerns tlestnlves and tlheir families:;'rejoicing -with lthose i tlhat rejoice, aerd weeping with tieso thlat I a weep. Above all--uecspealkably above all t -he will: consstaitly watcl and pray for 1 g souls as having to give an account, and twill lose :no opporteunity and: spare no pains in order to obtain immortal sealo to d lIis mtinistry. Truly these duties are the Iieost momentous, as they are the most h0 leonorable tltat can be cttrusted to any tinei;ea-nd I do not kntow whlLatI-wotld ntlot give to disclharge tlhee wOll.W tnt is I rfect ou thloen and consirder t oheoshr cles that lie in tihtes way-obstlclts arising Pfrom a widespread n and deep seated indif ference to the work of Christ on tIes part if fely in this tommunity as in every ,e othier--obetacleC, too, and peitirps cliefly, i- in the weakness atid waywarl des aned 0 inconstancy .of- one's own heart--I am at cotestrained to exlainm with tie Apostle, Li "Whlo io nuaticiexet for thtese things?" ti or witi the pophet, I" Al, Lord I, God, beheold I catet speak, for at £ am a child." Yet I feel re assured atid satistied to go ate when I re moleber wlho it. is tiat siey--"I My graco is surficicnt for thee, atnd emiy Strcngtlh Ih. allt bo tads perfect iui thy wreaklness. to Otto word eleore. Yeul?have catlled Ins m uanieiitoesly to the paastorl oaliso iuuong you, ind in acceptilng I have recogniseil ,,d in the voice of "the peolIe the voice of co, (ld. We lmvo nowe etered into a holy rehottionsulip, which carries writlh it corres pieitdiug, duties. Pertiit ie to remindl ytel tlint thiese duties are ntot all "ot one side. It is through you lt:tt -God hles called ete to ttie work ILero; may it Zte also- be thirough yutir praye.ra and hearty iiiotlitratlun that Ho will fit me for its pir[emnance7 There is work forths ricn ister, there is work also for the people, en and my usefulnees will depend largely on tri howufar you and I are fellow workers.-I th do not now stay to indicate. the various its ;ways in which this. may be practically shown theso will gradually unfold them- he selves. Meanwhile I make only one re- th quest, I urge upon yot only one duty, tic and it is that you give mo a place inyour wv personal and family prayers, that it may th please Almighty God to sanctify tme whlolly to the work of Christ aimong you ;no for no "Prayer is the scret', . Strong supplication.must bring'down Sthe charnms" m.." e bring dow Pray, therefore, "that the mihiiiir begtin lo this day in your midst may be savingly be and abundantly blessed to "you and your cc families; and that we niiitedly as minister for and'pdoplo nray be i~ade a blesing to the fil neighliorhod m'which'w'viive. o In S,Rev .Iaes'. Scott, eox-Modartoi, was lhi introduced to the meeting as having tra- lal velled from Hoblart Town, and being on th that accodunt entitled to precedence . -The hii rbv..'gentlenian said if,"they Wre.to mea fol eiro the.amount of' his interest "inthe, Al proceodings of the"day hy the" length of' in thi'jonrney h?e had comie; ;they would ce scarcely over-estimate it. 'The last time io he was in'thatCOhiircls was when lie had' te ol[icially to communicate the .resignation th of their previoua'smiiiaster. On'thit d/ay. vandale did 'not.seem half so pretty as in did to-day; wlihether, it'.was ,that .the' t hadow of the: doparting ministor cast a wi ldoom on the district befdre; and ,the' C. Joyous'circuinstances attending, the suc- of cessor to,so good and deservedly respicetd in a man, caused so much pleasure now-for nt he saw it in their. countenances-formed ia the contrast1 he' would' not say ;'but he' hoped they would ' not think it'. un' io becoming of lhin (Mr Scott) to think of. ca bygone years, and ,,their late? ministeor pc He was touched by the affectionate way a in which some m bers spoke' of their w former minister, while they were rightl R glad to give a hearty welcome to 'their as new tminmtdr (chbers). He had been try- a ing to realise the events' of P the thirty years. sinco their "'late s 1 minister" came' to them how 'successful A he was, and' how ho managed, so T, secure the affection of that community, t1i so that they never had a fault to fhnd ti with Mr Russelltill he went andleft them.: al He trusted that at a far distant day a bi similar complimnent: might be paid to st their Chairman (cheers). Ho' approved (1 of the sentiment' expressed by a friend, ac when in the 'exuberance of his en- en thusiasinlhe said their minister was orie in a ten thousand';; he must say he (Mr Scott) as thought they had, a rare gift in their' w ininister, aitd he trtsted the esentinients ec with which they. welcomed himn would a long abide with.'them, and that' their a minister 'would: go in and'out possessing t their confidence and' goodwill.. Ho ,would I) say also,' he thought that Mr .Duffrimore i than most men had learned the secret'of ni putting his besoat foot first (a. laugh) ;n. wherever he went he managed to make friends, and to smake good improssions m (cheers). If there was jealousy between ti North and South, Ihe (Mr Scott) thought p. it was with the good feeling of the South w that they managed to secure Mr Duff as w their minister ; and of course they were ol not going to be hard on the South, be- IA cause' the South had had something m to do in getting.Mr Duff. Their friend C came from Scotland to tthe colony in search m of health l he was staying in Davoy-street u antd Ih (Mr.Scott) having become aware tli of the fact took thle . liberty of calling, lt waiving 'the ceremony of introduction. os He saw him occasionally. He tliought hi might. take'.credit for persuading Mr Dutf to' open his lips in the South, and i, taking a service; he thought he it was who v, succeeded in'persuading him to labor in , the work of the Ministry. It was his firm ', intention and desire to remain here a c short' time, and':thentto'return to' dear , '4ld Scotland in renewed health. ' It so lappened'that a message came to Hobart d Town tlhat unless some one could .be g shnt fromn the South the supply for Evan dale? obuld not be:maintained, and their d friend'Mr Duff wasindluced in that provi- Q dential way to make his first appearance v at Evandalo; and' they 'were not long ih-lhearing ibow he managed to' put his liost foot first '(a laugh), and hie succeeded ijtnmaking his way at Evaudalo; altlhoughs T tlere were many dilliculties in the way of tite settlement of. a pastorthere. " Where there is a will,". however, ",there's a way," as the old ,adage runs, ,and the tl ieoplo at Evandalo lhad tile will, and they vi fbnd theo right' way (cheers).' He (Mr le Scott) was thero in tlh?' name of the oh South to bid thiem and him God-speed, l aild that Ihe would have a career of many le years, atnd that they wouldl still find him S worthily filling 'thli place of his predeces- GI sor (cheers). As to the distinctive char- t auteristics of their chureh, that was not Ih the time or place for him to enter into ca that matter; but in connection with the I intoresting proceedings of to-day, he .8u might be permitted to sayof course there's b tiotling like Presbyterlanism (a laugh), and with that ie had beatter let the mat ter 'rt ; more could notba said, acid they osould nrot wish him to say less (renewed laughter). Earnestly resolved as they were to stanid by the old flock, they wore, ilso detenrined that the faultsshould not lio theirs if those walls of 'partition which were constituted by separate churches and I' denominations were run up so higl in the future, as they had too often done ?t the past. He was sure as far as they were welcomed into the fellowship of other churches, they would return with as p hearty a grasp any mutual sympathy that I might be invoked (cheers). It was well Iltown that rabid Presbyterian as he (Mr r Scott) was, he was an earnest worker for Christian union; and he trusted that g Tasmania, which thouglh small and weak, f had taken the lead in matters of educa tion and legislation, would be found tak iAg the lead in this grand enterprise of the day, and would fight together the blattle of the Lord against all the hosts of evil (cheers). Although it was a long way from Hobart Towni to Evandale, ad a wearyjournoy in thlle coach, yet' Ilis (Mr Scott's) interest in that day's work L was such that hlie was glad to 1 have taken part, and he hoped their Sminister would Ihave growing prosperity and usefulness in that community, tlatI his labors would issue in delightful work Sfor God. In conclusion, hle repeated the r expression of his sincere and hearty in terest in the success of tihe cause which Sihad received so joyous an impulse tlht Stity. (Loud cheering, amid which the rev. gentleman resumed his seat.) S The Chairman took occasion to confirm Sthe statemtuet of Mr Scott as to the way in which ie was induced to break silence tand enter upon ipulpit duties. !Roev Jospph White was' tlhe next e speaker, and said hle Ihad accepted the i invitation bemuse he wished to rejoice withl themn in their rejoicing, and to show e his thorough sympathy with the Chair g tan's acceptatce of the call to that L charge (cheers). And the proceedings of I thliat day would be remembered by him y iuany days to coue. The roev. gentleman e- Ixpresseld hIis high appreciation of thle d bbautiful sermon of the MIoderator, and os s pecially the statement of the vicarious is charactor of the sacrificial work of the it ruiiour. In that sermon Christ was ovi d idntly the first and the last, the Alpha Isand Ollegs, and as MIr Miichltio was un a- folding his views, he (Mr White) was enabled, to see new .beauties in, theo doe- ii trino; and he could not help feeling that re the newly ordained minister would take as the subject matter of his preaching, s " Christ Jesus and Him crucified." . And. he .had nqdoubt that by the blessing of a the Divine Spirit some of the congrega- o tion and the young friends especially, 0 would be led to Jesus, and find t the peace of God. He admired the statement of Mr Scott that there was Ir nothing like Presbyterianism, and he did tl not wonder that he should be of that ' opinion if he found the peacoof God, the ti love of God in Christ, in connection with that Church. He would say the same qf the Church to which ,ho (Mr White) be longed. And he would remark that he believed Mr Duff was in the Apostolib sue cession. Only: let a' man have Christ formed in his heart the hope of glory, be filled with the Holy Ghost,;and .have the love ofO Crist impelling him to consecrate C himself 't?'thlbkservico of God,' ind' to labor for saouls' and was: iot that man ini the Apostolic succession? (cheers).' For' himself he had no greater desire tisan to folloie Christ"whoweont about doing good.; After some : further obpervatiolis on the' G important subjects suggested by the pro 1 ceedings of the day, he took occasion to 0onratulatq Mr:Duff-and those whose in telligence. and common sense had induced them to.give him a call (cheers). .eovT.. Dickson related some interest ing particulars of. the progress of Presby terianism in North Carolina, in connection with the labors of a Mr M'Lonaund a Mr I Campbell;from Argyleshiro, a niece'of one a of whionm he (Mr Dickson) lhad met with in Evandale,iin the person of Mrs M'Kinnon , who had taken an.active part in the i arrangements of the tea meeting to-day. SRev A,. Grant, of Ballarat, .who was loudly cheered on ,rising, expressed his r congratulations to the ,::Minister . and ' people. He said he thought he was 1 a little interested in that, Church,: for when he was on. a visit last year,. Mr Russell. took him rounid to.the Church amid the Mansoe and showed him' about, apparently anxious that ho: should turn resbytorian... As a Baptist, however, he tlught Presbyterianism too dry (a laugh). s Although lihe had a great attachment to f Tasmania, a weakness for it in fact; but I they had a Duff now, and much they 7 thought of and osteeumed him for ns 1 ability, learning, and a~uacater in modo, a but if they had had him (Mr Grant) in stead, they would have had a duffer (loud laughter). He must say his short acquaintance with Mr Duff had led him to esteemhim highly, and he believed as far asheo had gone they could trust the maud, as a regenerated'man, that he would be a workman that would not need to be ashamed (cheers). Ir Grant" concluded a humorous address by saying he was not a poet, nor the son of a poet, but he had made . some poetry,, n. acrostic .on IMr Duff's nanio, which ihe read, and before he' resunied. his seat' he wished both minister and people " good luck in the name of the Lord" (cheers).: Rlev. A. Michie. (loderator) said he must join his congratulations at the rela tion between their new minister and the people; and he hinted that there, was wanting another union, another marriage, which he (Mr Michio) should .have no objection to assist in launching (a laugh), He likewise expressed the hope that the minister ivould not stand alone in the Churchi, 'bet that lie would soon have two men of 'God who would be able to stand up by hum as,elders ; and he prayed that their imiinster aiid the congregation might have' such a measuire of prosperity as God only could give (cheers). On the motion of the Rev. J. Gardner (who madb a facetious and witty speech interspersed with poetical quotations) votes of tlhanks were given to the ladies who prepared the tea, the committee who 'superintended the arrangements,' amid the Committee of the Agricultural Association for the use of the Pavilion. Thle mootingwas closed with the Bene diction pronounced by the Rev. Jas. Scott.. .: It was intimated that on the following day the annual treat to the children of the Church would be given, after a short ser vice to be held in the Church. 