It was on the principle, we suppose, that "half a loaf is better than no bread,'" that Cr Harrison, at the meet ing of the Council on Monday evening, accepted Cr Thomas's amendment on his motion respecting the'permission to use composition pavement. No doubt heads had been counted, and it was seen that the "thin edge of the wedge" could be got in with Cr Thomas's assistance, but that without it the i)rohibition would be continued'in full force. So expediency triumphed, though we should have been better pleased had the whole hog with its bristles been swallowed. Still, a step in advance has been taken and for that small mercy we are duly thankful. As the matter now stands, the Council will consent to the com position being laid down in any street except Chapel-street. The exception is cerfainly illogical, because if it is really desired to put the new material to a crucial test, that thoroughfare, as getting the largest amount of traffic, excepting perhaps Greville-street, in the town, is just the place where it should be tried, and affords the finest opportunity ot showing whether the composition is what its friends claim it to be, or what its opponents deny. If the reader will refer to our report of the debate that took place, he will hardly, if unbiassed, be able to come to any other conclusion than that the great weight of argument was on the side of the advocates of the composition. The well-reasonedremarks of Crs Harris, Ross, and Dixon, were evaded rather than grappled with by the Mayor and Cr Crews, who did little else in answer than utter wailing jeremiads and indulge in dismal prog nostications of failure, What they said as to the ultimate repentance of those who may have the composition laid down mnay.come to pass, and it may not. But it is pretty evident that many of the residents, like the boy who, when his father warned him of the danger of attending a certain class of amusements, and enforced his warning by the asser tion that hlie had personally proved their ill effects, replied, ""And I wish to prove them too, father"-we say that many of the burgesses: wish to prove which is the most useful kind of pavement. And we have not yet seen the ghost of an argument why such permission should not be accorded them. As to the asser tion that bluestone is, in the long run. the cheapest material, we are not pre pared to say it isn't-to those who can afford it. But then so is a brick house cheaper than a weatherboard one-or a good West of England broadcloth coat to one made of tweed or "shoddy." Yet would these bluestone advocates argue that a man should not; be allowed to build until he could afford bricks and mortar, or go coatless because he hadn't money enough to purchase a broadcloth garment? The ratepayers ask for the composition, because they can afford it; and the minority of the Council offer them stone, because they can't! But what did Cr Crews mean by saying that his brother councillors, Messrs Ross and Harris, " would have to answer to their constituents for their action in this matter?" Such a threat-for it can be construed as nothing else-was unseemly in the extreme. Could not those gentlemen give him the "retort cour teous ?" And supposing the three were sent to their constituents on this matter, does any one doubt what the result would be? Wedon't. Does Cr Crews question the honesty of these gentlemen. in the course they took? Can he not give to them the same credit for acting up to their convictions which he no doubt claims for himself? Is his mental eyesight inadequate to seeing that it is within the bounds of possibility they are not only honest, but may actually be right? Even if the question were a purely speculative one-which, in the iface of the Grcville-street experiment it is not-even then it would ill becomne any one to hold out such a threat -a threat, however, which those against whom it, was uttered can well afford to laugh. There was one point, however, though referring to another subject, on which we are truly gratified at being able to agree with Cr Crews. He said it was "a question inhis mind whether they (the Couhcil) should not discourage the opening up of' narrow streets." With us this has long been not a "question," but a settled conviction. Such 'streets are highly objectionable, decidedly un healthy, and far too numerous. WVe are thankful that Cr Crews is on the way to see with us in this matter, and we trust it will be but a short time before his " mind" is fully made up against thiem and that when it is he will not postpone declaring himself Until 'i the lwhole of tho ratepayers'? iakkto have them forbiddeni We shall rejoice to get him as a coad jutor in that movement! as much as we regret his being againstius on the com position pavement question. His Honour Mr. Justice Williams has intimated to the authorities his intention to retire from the onerous position he has so long held as one of the judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria. That he has had the doing of this in contem plation for some time is no secret; but it was generally understood that the sever ance would not be effected for some months to come. But " man proposes and God disposes." A cause which all must regret has hastened the judge's decision. Failing health, with symptoms of an attack of that insidious disease, paralysis, warn him to cease labour, and try in rest and: 'recreation to conserve his powers. No one can blame him for this -especially when it is remembered that for over twenty years he has filled the arduous post he is now on the eve of resigning. There is a class of persons who believe-or affect to believe-that the labours of a judge are light, and are over-recompensed by the salary:he re ceives. Never was there a greater mis take-one which can arise only from a very inadequate conception of the duties pertaining to that high office. Casdal observers are apt to measure the work done by tlie hours spent in 'court; and if these really constituted the sum total of a judge's labours, then he would have a comparatively easy time of it. But this is far from being the truth. Ift'may seem a comparatively easy thing, to an ignorant listener to the, delivery of 'a long and elaborate'judgmeht, the mere reading of it in Court-and so it is; but let such an one reflect on the mainy Weary hours that have been neces sarily spent in concocting that report- the sifting of the conflicting claims of the various witnesses--the weighing jall the pros and cons in the case-the labour involved in the search for the authorities with which such documents usually bristle-and, finally, the workiiag of these up into the homogeneous whole known as "a judgment." We feel satisfied that any one with the capacity to do this will agree that a judge is a real hard-worked man--and any bne who has not such capacity should also not have the presumption to pronounce on what is beyond his comprehension. We have written thus, because it has been.our misfortune to hear some persons grumble at the granting of the pension to Mr Justice 'Williams, which on our conscience we believe he has well earned, and which we hope he may live many years to enjoy. There are pensions being enjoyed by persons, both in this colony and out of it, which, if it is not libellous to say so, we look upon as little 'less than swindles on:the revenue; but those to judges are de cidedly not of this class. Their precise amount may be food for discussion, but their principle is a settled thing, and they ought to be liberal. We therefore take leave of Mr Justice Williams, ex pressing the belief that, on the whole, he has been an upright, honourable, and capablejudge; and ne regret thathis retirement from the bench has been hastened by ill-health. Who is to be his successor? Public opinion certainly points to Mr. Wilber force Stephen. In his position as At torney-General he has a kind of moral claim to the vacancy-which his legal lore and personal popularity doubly en force. But, unfortunately, he has de clared he will not accept it. His sup posed reasons for refusing are no doubt highly honourable to him, bat we hope he will forgive us if we venture to ex press the opinion that they are somewhat Quixotic. If his declinature arises, as is generally thought, from the belief that his acceptance might embarrass the Miinistry at the present juncture, he is acting as very few men would act placed in a similar position, and as we certainly don't think he is called upon to do.: We regret his decision, inasmuch as, from the opinion we are capable of forming of the calibre of the Victorian bar, he is far and away the most suitable man we could have to succeedthe retiring judge. We are sure the public would be glad to know that, notwithstanding Mr. Stephen's positive refusal oftheposition, he had been induced, to reconsider the matter, and to conclude that a rash vow is better broken than kept. 