Wonderful— If True. - The Fortnightly Review contains a startling article on the evidence of Spiritualism, written by Mr. A. E. Wallace, the naturalist. Mr. Wallace concludes 'The objection will here inevitably be made: 'These wonderful things always happen in America. When they occur in England it will ue time enough to inquire into them.' Singularly enough, after thiB article was m tne press, me nnai test was obtained, which demonstrated the occur rence of similar phenomena in London. A short statement may, therefore, be interesting for those who cannot digest American evidence. For some years a young lady, Miss Florence Cook, naB exhibited remarkable mediumBhip, which latterly culminated in the production of an entire female form purporting to be spiritual, and which appeared barefooted and in- white flowing xobes while she lay entranced, in dark clothing and; securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Nbthwithstanding that tests ef an apparently con clusive character were empioyea, many visitors, Spiritualists as well as sceptics, getthe impression that all was not as it should be; owing in part to the resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also t» the fact that the two icould not be seen at the same time. Some supposed that Miss C. was an impostor who managed- to conceal a white robe about her (although she was «ften searched), and who, although she was securely tied with tapes and sealed, was able to get out of her bonds, dtess and undress herself, and get into them again, all in the dark, and in so complete and skilful a manner, as to defy detection. . Others j.1 ? _-i.4- +i»a+ +Ua anirif rplp.nRArl her. lirovided her with a white dress, And sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that there was something wrong led one gentleman— an ardent Spiritualist— to seize the supposed spirit and endeavour to hold it, in the hope that some other person would open the cabinet door and see if Miss Cook was really there. This was,- unfortunately, not done; but the great re semblance of the being he seized to Mies Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escape from him, convinced this gentle man that it was Miss Cook kerself. although the rest of the company, a few minutes afterwards, found her bound and sealed just as she had been left an hour before. To determine ine queeaon conclusively, experiments have been made within the last few weeks by two scientific men. Mr. C, F Varley, FJR.S., the eminent electrician, xaade ute of a galvanic battery and cable testing ap paratuB, and passed a cntrentitoongli Miss Cook's body (by fastening sovereigns soldered U wires to for eimi).^fflfie iappMatuB w so deheate that any movement whatever was instantly in dicated, while it was impossible for the yeuag u£ to drMS and act as a/jrhost withtut breaking tte' drcuit. T«t umder tiiese conditiona the spirit-fonT Aid appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote, and touched «everai persons ; and tins hap pened! be it remembered, not in the medium's own {umseVbut in. that of a private gentieman in the west end of London. For nearly an hour the circuit was never brdkea, and at the Mnelnuom Mies Cook was found in a deep trance. Since to* remarkable experiment Mr. fa Crookes, V.VJ5., oa7«btained7apos8iWe, still more satisfactory evidence. He contrived a PhospnoruB lamj),and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, aowmpanied by the spirit, and there saw aSlt MiBS^k, dressed in black vdreMy-ng in a trance on the floor, while the apmMc«n,in white robes, stood close beside her. During S£ eveniig -Mb spirit- ferm tad been^ for nearly an hour, walking and talking with the company; and Mr. Crookes, by permMBum, clasoed the figure in his arms, and foumd it to De, apparently, awal living woman, just as the scep tacaiEenaeman had done. Yet this figure is_n.t that of Miss Ook, nor of any otter human being, stoM ^ appeared I and disappeared in Mr.Crpok«te mlwun ^completely as in that of the medium herself. The full statements.of Messrs.Tarley and Crookes, wife a mass of interesting detail on the subject appeared in the ^sr&tafe;* newspaper in Mai^aApril last; andUey serve to show that whatever marvels occur in America can be repro duced here, and that men of science are not pre cluded- bom inTeetigating these phenomena with edentiac instruments andby BCiehtafle methods. As rttTlady advises young girls, who wairt tore Imembera thing, to write it down and paste itona, looking-glass. 