of THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN v. NEW SOUTH WALES AND VICTORIA. THOSE who visited the Albert Ground yesterday must have come to the conclusion before the stumps were drawn that the English team were tough customers to deal with. Their defeat in the recent match against eighteen of New South Wales no doubt furnished their reputation in some degree ; but their play on Thursday against the combined forces of this colony and Victoria is a pretty strong proof that they are not to be estimated too cheaply. The weather for two days prior to the match was fine, and the wickets were in very good 1 order. The fielding ground had 'been well rolled, until it appeared as level as a billiard table. The attendance during the forenoon was comparatively meagre, and not up to the standard attendance of an intercolonial match ; but during the afternoon the public arrived in considerable numbers, until they increased to Something like 9600. During the night a northerly wind set in, and when the game commenced, the temperature, even in the shade, was most oppressive. The covered terrace afforded a welcome shelter to a great many people, but even there every body was complaining of the heat. In the Grand Stand there was a very tolerable attendance, the fair sex making a strong muster. The New South Wales Artillery Band were present on the ground, and played a selection of music during the day, although the majority of spectators would have preferred to hear the German Band.' As a description of the play will take up a considerable space, it will perhaps be better to forego a description of the amusements to be found on the ground outside the great event. The following is a list of the players, viz. : - j ALL-ENGLAND) ELEVEN. 1 Messrs W. G. Grace Messrs. Gilbert J G. F. Grace McIntyre j Jupp - ; Lillywhite > Greenwood Bush , , | u Humphrey Southerton. Oscroft ' Boult (umpire). I j I ' TUB OOMllINlil) TEAM. .. , . as . > N. S. Wales. Victoria. Messrs. Thompson, ., Messrs. Cosstick , , , ' j Coates,, , ,' ;, > Cooper Hewitt ,, 1 'MU.,' '-,,,-, Conway, , , 9-9. Gregory , /,- ,, gibson; r ii j Oliver, ' ,, J Carr , , Pocock ' Loughnan. , 22 ' > Lawrence , t ;." , L Tindall, , Bannerman. ; . ' 'j , j ,, is Mr. R. Driver, umpire.,, , j >' .. - THE FLAT. i' I l i ' Messrs, W. G. Grace and Coates tossed for the choice, and the English captain having been fortunate enough to win, decided on taking the wickets first. The fifteen appeared in the field at a quarter-past 11 o'clock, and were well received. W. G. Grace and Jupp were the first to face the bowling, Cosstick taking the first over at the southern end, the only result being a single each to the bats. Coates commenced at the northern end, and Grace hit the first to the off for a double. Pocock at longstop let the last ball get to the fence, and four were added to the score for byes Two maiden overs followed, and two singles off Costick brought the score up to 10. Five singles and s double were scored from the following nine overs, and in the succeeding delivery from Sam the great W. G. a off stump was taken, amid considerable ii pi oar. Greenwood joined Jupp, the score then standing at l-y-17. The ever passed without scoring, and in the next six the runs went up to 20, both men playing middy and the field where 'awAke. Greenwood got a chance at Cosstick's next over, and made a very nice up out of the reach of the long-stop for 4. Several singles were subsequently put together and Greenwood brought the score up to 50 with another tip for behind the wicket. For along time near i this the runs came so slowly that it would be only a consumer to go into details and therefore, it will "ce sufficient to say that greenwood and Jupp ran up the score by careful play to 60, when Conway relieved Cosstick at the bowling. Tindall having previously taken the ball from Colts at the other wicket. Conway did not appear to be well on, and Jupp put his third ball in the slips and scored 3, D. Gregory letting it get past. A maiden over from Tindall followed, and in Conway's next Greenwood got thomas ball away to square-leg for a double. Jupp scored a long- leg hit for 4 oil Tindall, and Greenwood again got Conway away to square-leg for 2.' A single by June off the Newtown bowler brought the score up to 60, and the spectators testified their admiration of the play in a most demonstrative manner. Just before 2 o'clock Jupp added 2 to the score for i\prot.ty,tip tolong-leff-offoü Conway, and after a maiden had been bowled, the bell rang for luncheon and the players retired The game was resumed about an hour afterwards, Gibson taking the wicket in the place of Howitt, and Co shark relieving Conway will the ball. It was anticipated that the adjournment for luncheon would make a difference in the game, and the result justified such an anticipation. Jupp, after a fine innings for 24, was clean bowled by Cosstick, and returned to the Pavilion, where he received a round of applause. G. E Grace joined Greenwood, and almost immediately opened his innings with a square leg hit for four (70 up) and a hit to long 1 offer' a similar figure oft Cosstick. A pretty tip behind the wicket by Green wood off Cosstick, and a fence" to the off by G. F. off the Yorkshireman, with several singles, brought the figure up to 80. A few minutes after the numbers went up, G. F. again let out at Coates, and eclat him to the fence for 4, but the last of the over was a sha yet. Two singles were obtained off Cosstick's next delivery, but Coates having bowled a maiden, Sam sent Greenwood's wicket down, and he retired for a well-earned 28. 3-23-88. It may be as well to state here that the official score of Jupp and Greenwood's runs does not correspond with the figures taken by the members of the Press, who, On comparing notes, found that Greenwood had made 28 and Jupp 24. We therefore give our own score. Humphrey followed Jupp, and G. F. brought the score up to 90 with a square-leg hit off Coates for a double, followed by a tip to long-leg for four. Humphrey got a single off Cosstick, and Coates then disposed of Humphrey by taking his middle stump. (4-1-95.) Oscroft, who joined G. F., commenced with a tip or a single, to short-leg off Coates, and made a cut for a similar figure off Cosstick who, in his next over, took G. Free off stump. (5-26-97.) Grafco played very freely, but his big hits, for the most part, Tvejre tluKoy. Gilbert, who was evidently suffering to some extent from the injury to his ankle received in the single wicket match, went to the vacant crease, but was not very long there when Coates enticed him out with a judgment ball which got amongst the timbers. (6-0-102.) Appearances were now decidedly in favour of the rest of the English team going out rapidly ; but the best batting display of the day was yet to come. Macintyre was the next man in. Oscroft having previously made a single off Coates and a tip to long-leg for four off Cosstick. " Sam," not liking the appearance of things, put in a steamer to Oscroft, in the next over, which took his wicket, (7-7-101.) Lilly white followed, and the knowing ones now offered to make wagers as to the probability of the eleven getting beyond 120, but it was soon evident that the hopefuls were hollowing before they were out of the wood. Macintyre, after making his double, got on to Coates, sending the second ball to square-leg for four. He gave a chance to Conway in the slips off the next ball, which was missed the catch being a very low one A couple of singles by M'Intyre brought the score up to 170 A few minutes later McIntyre, who was batting steadily, without giving a ghost of a chance, again got an opening off the Yorkshireman, and sent his own bills away for a pretty cut to the fence. For the next nine overs nothing worth recording occurred, except that the BCOF increased to 120. M'Intyre subsequently made a single and a Equate leg-hit for four off Coates, and a hit for a quttotto off Cosstick, which, with another single by Lillywhite, brought the figure up to 130. Another break occurred soon after this, for when the score had been increased to 146 (M'Intyre having made two more fourers off Cosstick Tindall, who had relieved Coates, took Lillywhite's off stump. 8-10-145. Bush was the next man in, and he commenced with a single off Tindall. In the same over M'lntyrc put a ball to the on, and Bush to all appearance was run out, but when Gibson appealed, Boult, the English umpire, astonished everybody by giving it not out. In the next over from Cosstick, M'Intyre got the third away to long-leg for four, itud 150 went up, the spectators applauding Dusting. A couple of maidens followed, and M Intyre, after scoring a single of! Tindall, drove a ball from' Conway (who had just relieved Cosstick) to the fence for four. In the next over from Tindall, HURD., who had not done any thing to express his gratitude for the second life accorded to him by Boult, gave a catch to Thompson at long off, which Nat, nothing loth, accepted. (9-1-157.) Southerton was the last man in, but he did not shine at the wicket. He however rendered good service by keeping his timbers up, giving an opportunity of scoring i to M'Intj'ro, who was not slow to avail himself of the chance whenever he, got it.. " Mac " brought the score up to 160 by a pretty ' cut for 4 off Conway's, and in the next over from Tindall made a pretty cut for two, and a long leg hit for four to the fence. 170 now went up, and there it stopped, for Southerton, in attempting a good square-leg hit, was nicely caught by Carr. M'Intsro, after one of the finest pieces of cricket over which passed on the Albert Ground, carried his bat out for 155. and on returning to the pavilion was received with a burst of cheers. The fielding of the combined team on the whole was very good Cooper, Lawrence;' Bannerman, and 'Oliver getting most of the work. The wicket-keeping of Hewett and Gibson was well up to the mark and Poccfck, although he let one or two by at the commencement of the innings, was all there as long-stop for thereat of the day. Cosstick, Coates, and Tindall bowled excellently, but Con- way was not well on to the wicket. Before giving the score, we may mention that in consequence of the voluntary retirement of Sheridan from the New South Wales representatives, Oliver took his place. After ten minutes for refreshment, which after the intense heat of the day was much needed, the Eleven took the field, and Nat Thompson and Dave Gregory appeared at the wickets to lead off for the combined team. Southerton and Lillywhite took the bowling. The pair were bowling well, and very few runs were obtained both batsmen playing steadily. In thirteen overs only 11\. were scored, and in the next over from Lillywhite Thompson went out to meet a ball, which he missed, and Bushed his wicket down in a trice. 1-6-11. Gibson followed, and took the rest of the over, when the stumps were drawn. The following is the state of the score when the wickets were drawn yesterday :- , i i s s An-ExatAND-First Innlnw. ' I ? W. G. Grace, 18 111 2 lb CoMtiek .*"_......-.... . , l -'a" JUPP, i, 11111 a 1411111 s i j, b corick. : :;::¡ say Greenwood, 4111*4342*4],b Colatick ..Í.....Í... -^ BY G F. Grace, 4 4 1 14 6 4 1 3 4, b Costick ....... 5? Humphrey. 1, b Coates. . i Oscroft, of 1 4, b Cosstick. '. J Gilbert, b Coat«..".",....IZ^Z"T" n M'IntTrc, 2411 H U44I 441414141241, Dot entered SS I Lllliwhltc, 1 SIS I 11, bTindall.,;.i...:.!.-;....'Mli Bush. I, Thompson, Tindall.;... a? a Southerton, c Carr, b Conway..'...','....?'..."....-i....» u Iljn 0, leg-bye c 1, wide 9 no balls, ...\\.¡,".í,'.,."...:;.Í 9 Total.'.....'...M.;..!'......... pp A Wickets fell thus 4 for 17, 2 for 22, 3 for 88,?4 Jury?, I 5 for 97, G for 102,7 for 104, 8 for 14s for, 157) 10 or | 170\. . , . ,",. ," f, M . li THE COUIIINXD TKAM.-FirstInnlngi. I N. T empson, 12 11. st Bush, b LUIyw'hito'.'....!..'.i...'..".;!'::..'.'. g V. Gregory, 102, not out.!. ...,.j.:.....v:.[;...,;..;i,:..i..';.... 6 Gibson, not out,,...',,. ...|".,.,...,,..,..,;..".¡,,....jv^..j.,"..i...,i p ' lwioketfor ..'¡.'...il.'^t..'.;..'..;...U.'.¡ 11 j Bowring AvAr,vais.i¡ Mir,')) I". CoMiiiiiKii TEAM. First Innings.,, i; ; ? ,, a ' , Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets. i Cosstick . 212 67 ' , . 28, ' 53 R I routes (1 wide) 179 BOTH . 19, r 2' p Tindall 11 no ball). 68, , 20 i, 9 2. I Conway . 39 , 18' 2' r 2, ! The scoring cards, which are very nicely arranged for those who wish to keep a record of the full score of the match, are got up by Messrs, Gorman and Reardon, and printed at the Canton Office. , , , , , I 