CHARLES H. FOSTER. AN HOUR WITH THE TEST MEDIUM. Mr. Charles H. Foster has been drawing pretty well in Melbourne of late, and going with the stream, X found myself in bis parlour in Spring street on Friday merning. The company was numerous. Applicants after half-past II had to wait nearly an hour, and during that period ladies and gentlemen came and went away again in in disgust at not obtaining an interview, and ulti mately when tbe one seance waa over, there were six of Us to form another, and as the writing room was pretty full when we left, it is evident that Mr. Foster is doing a roaring business. An admirer writing in the " New York Era," 8th June, 1873 — tbe quotation is taken from Mr. Foster's own handbook, price 2a— describes the mflriinm as V the most unspiritual-looking per sonage imaginable ; there is nothing at all ascetic or sesthetic about him. He is of this world, worldly," etc. The " New York Era" is perfectly correct. The " Memphis Avalanche" warmly de fends him from some attacks. It denies that " coarseness" of which complaint seems to have been made, and asserts that his features are "sympathetic" rather than "sensual." This is a matter of opinion/ and in mine the "Memphis Avalanche'' is wholly wrong. The eix'of us, who all seemed strangers to esch other, seated ourselves round a table in a little room, with Mr. Foster in the chair, and all com menced writing on slips of paper ready prepared on the table. These were folded np and placed before Mr. Foster. I marked one of mine on the outside with a cross, and kept an eye npoa its adventuree. In a minute haps were heard like the tick of a telegraph instrument, and in the mime, diate neighbourhood of the medium. Soor. after Mr. Foster said he row a spirit on his left hand, and alas ! how familiarity does breed contempt. Hamlet, when he first beheld a ghost, was palsied by terror ; but Mr. Foster, in the presence of a crowd of disembodied intelligences, was un moved, and smoked on, and spit on, and handed a visitor a friendly pipe of cut tobacco — even called for a glass of beer. Most of the other mediums I have seen hare preliminary tremblings before announcement, or fall into a state of coma, bnt Mr. Fester is wide awake throughout. In a business-like tone of voice he told us that tbe first spirit which had come was that of a suicide. I had written five names, three of imaginary persons, one that of a relative, and one that of an old associate who left this world ef his own accord ; and as no one else claimed to have called a suicide from the vasty deep, I responded. Mr. Foster requested me to take a printed alphabet in hand, and point to the letters in order that the spirit might declare his name. This was done, and the spirits were silent— perhaps because to know the alphabet trick is to defeat if. At least I acted on the instruction of those who believe the alphabet test is a trick, and in this case, as in all others, was able to defeat it. The spirits were silent as the grave. Then Mr. Foster said, " Write tbe name down on paper with half a dozen others, fold them up separately, and give ibem to me.w This was done, and each pellet in turn was handled by tbe medium, and in obedience to knocks be picked cut one which was opened, and found to be " Walker." This was entirely wrong. No Walker I ever knew was guilty of dying at all, and the mistake was unfortunate, because street boys on some occasions— when there is an attempt to -Mfcon&r---atem; the habit of ejaculating " Walker " Mr. Foster was equal - to the oocaeion, and tried another teat. He re quested me to write several names down on paper including the right one, and - then the spirits would indicate the very man. Here I wickedly floated a sell, and. wrote, among others, the name of a person whose suicide was a matter of town talk a short time ago. Mr. Foster drewhis pencil through the others, and left the name of this gentleman standing. Tnis was just what I ex pected, and I was given np as a bad job. Mr. Foster went on pressing tbe paper to bis forehead, and annonnced that there was a spirit most anxious to communicate with a gentleman on my right. A paper was thrown to this gentle man, and he declared he knew nothing about it. After a bit I mentioned that it was my old associate, who 'may be called Paul Bryan. This pleased Mr. Foster mightily, because the suicide had turned up at last. He became animated, and told us that Paul was in hell, and suffering greatly. As I could not have contradicted Mr. Foster had he said that Paul was in Heaven enjoying himself very much, and in the merciful view of distracting Paul's attention, I asked if more personal information conld be afforded. A qneslion was written and folded up, " What did you leave with me ?" The spirits bad no clue to it. Then I read it alone. Still no response. Then, at Mr. Foster's instance, I -wrote down five things, and under spirit guidance he struck out all but one — namely, a carte-de- visite. I do not remember ever having a carte-de-visite from Paul, and that was sot the thing he left in my possession. There is a trick which consists in forcing one particular card on the perron who has the whole pack spread out before him, and imagines that he is making a free choice. The mere force of your will in keeping that card under notice inflicts it on the selector with a won derful certainty — so long as he is unsuspicious. But once he knows it, you can never make any one take your card. So & fell out with tbe medium and myself. There was another test, to which it is unnecessary to allude. ..Tbe medium inquired if I had W a certain relative. X thought it was not his plaoe to ask, bnt was oflljged to say yes, and that relative, in answer to two test questions, gave three dis tinctly wrong answers. Experience prevented me from giving .any clue such as mediums are hCCUBtomed to pick up. On the other hand, one , g&tlstn;, who wrote in a large hand, to that I help but see bis words, and waa very AtrVbus and deeply impressed, got every satiriic- tiotu Once the medium obtained the clue, and the visitor put semi leading queBtious, and these Mr. Foster followed up with considerable acumen, and to the astonishment of the indivi dual in 4 question, One spirit in particu- lar communicated with this visitor, and at last, to crown all, Mr. Foster announced, that, as a proof positive, the initial would appear on bis hand. A twitching came over him, he grasped tbe person next to him, and then recovering himself, he rubbed the palm of his band, and there welled out into existence the line of a, one will my, M.C. Throe were " the characters in blood," for which this medium is famous. They are the speciality which distinguish him from all others. We only had the one blood test daring tbe seance, bat the ether sort of thing went on uninterruptedly. The teble jumped about, and the boys and girls looked in at the street win dow, and Mr. Fester dropped a message in tbe middle to roar at them. It was a sqrodi situation, the larrikins at the window, the spirit at the hearth, and Mr. Foster arbitrating between then. So for a plain on varnished narrative, and now for a glance at the phenomena. With me being on my guard and I could baffle tbe medium, and, to some extent, make him give wrong answers at will. Others were nicely and unconsciously pumped. It may be also that Mr. Foster possesses the power of brain reading — that it, he becomes sympathetically conscious of the knowledge, and the wishes, and the thoughts of the circle. Private mediums often do develop th;s sympathy, which is a power allied to clairvoy ance, and is put down very generally by inquirers as the sole trace of a solid bottom which spiritualism possesses- But this did not happen with me. Again, there is the reading of the paper pellets. As £ am aware how Heller managed in his " second eight," I was curious to see if the pwift wttnnal explanation applied, but unfortu nately, so far as I could see, Mr. Foster bungled it alL His beet answers had all to be given by striking out names from a list put before him. As to other people's experience, I cannot say how ! far the persons who relate marvels hare or have j not been doped, and as tbe " Spiritual Magazine" roys — ' It is of the very essence of these inquiries that the inquirer should receive nothing which be has not reduced to absolute demonstration. Thr analysis should be as complete as if it were the case of a chemist operating upon inorganic matter in his laboratory." And, further, all in quirers will agree with the " Spiritual Magazine" < that the pellet system should be avoided by j bona fide mediums, because " it affords sueb oppor tunities for legerdemain, or, in other words, cheating. It has often been exposed, bnt seems to be still a favourite with mediums, especially those who receive money for visits paid to them.' The characters of blood I did eee, but then I 1 showed the same initials as I had observed on Mr. j Foster's, hand- on my own arm directly after s leaving the building. Mr. Heller' s second sight | secret — which would enable Miss Haidee to read all j the pellets — it would be unfair to betray, but a t cine to this " character of blood" business may be . givea. If any fair peceon will mark his or her ekir j with a sharpish instrument, ssy the point of a 1 lead pencil, wait half a minute, and then tub the j spot, lo 1 the mystic letters will appear. Mr. Foster expressed the belief that I knew a great deal j about spiritualism, more than any one at the ; teble. Perhaps he was right. That my real test questions should remain unanswered grieves me. But for the hope of a response I would not have paid a guinea, and if Mr. Foster is touched with remorse in my case, , as in that of Mr. L. L. Lewis, he can remit the £1 Is. to the office of " Tbe Daily Telegraph," and I will call for the same on notification. 1 handed in slips of paper which Mr. Foster put to his forehead, bat with no toe alt. At the dose of the seance I made a final effort, and repeated the substance of the queries, telling Mr. Foster the subject was private aud personal, and not to be read alond if not answered. This called attention t-o the pellet. Mr. Foster tried twice, but with no result. The questions were these : — . I. Is there sueb a medium as described in the London " Critic," 5th April, 1862 ? 2\. If so, what was the charge or event that, according to the w Critic," made the " Spiritual Magazine" repudiate him, and "no longer soil our pages with his name ? " 3\. When aud where did he rebut the charges in question? These are fair test questions, and I went to get them answered. The critic does not state what the charge was, bnt only that J udge Edmonds, the famous New York spiritualist, wrote par tic u lars to England. The " Critib " is itself deceased and I could find no notice of a 'defence in its files in Australia. Several people in Melbourne had a cariosity on the point, and the doubt that exists whether the London paperwar brwas not hoaxed, appears to be an easy matter tor any medium to clear up. I purchased a little book at the Spring street cottage containing selected notices of the press on Mr. Foster, and from these it appears that the medium is often very rudely treated in his own country. The " Boston Globe, it seems, said he ought to be indicted for "practising fraud," to which the faithful n Banner of Light " responds : — " What is the substance of the ' Globe's ' 1 charges against Mr. Foster? Some person, it appears, instead of writing tbe names of departed friends on the pellets, as he tacitly professed to j do, wrote certain fictitious names, and the sup posed 'spirits' manifested themselves through Mr. Foster all the same— thus proving, according to this sagacious writer, that Mr. Foster inten tionally deceives. So far is this from being the fact, that, even according to the writer's own showing, Mr. Foster is the deceived party. The 1 person who tacitly pretends to give him the names of departed friends is the real 'swindler ' in the case. Mr. Faster lays no claim to infal libility ; no claim to exemption from imposition for himself or the spirits. He openly declares on fitting occasions that the ' spirits ' are sometimes not above f coling him and his over-hasty visitors ; that these last are likely to get deception for decep tion, and that those who practice tricks and get tricks in return must blame themselves, and not the passive and irresponsible medium." There wasoertainly an attempt made at Nash rifle to deal fiardiy with the seer, for the pamphlet contains the following : — . (RnrtnBiJCAsr BAXXKB, JAX. 4.1873.) FOSTER, THE SPIRITUALIST, NOT REQUIRED TO PAY A FINE. "To 8. A. Doling, Recorder of the City of Nashville. " In the matter referred to me for my opinion, relative to the right and power of the city of Neshvifle to inflict a penalty upon Charles H. Foster, under certain sections of the ordinances of the city, I have to say that I have examined the questions with some care, and am satisfied that Mr. Foster cannot be convicted under the city ordinances for several reasons, one of which, however, is to me quite sufficient, namely : — "The State of'Teaueteee ' not declaring such practices as are specified in the city ordinances referred to misdemeanors, not inflicting peoalty nor prohibiting such practices, the dterf Nashffile has no power to do so, and the nance is therefore a nullity. Other rerottosmfau be assigned, but it is not necessary to do soL the above reason settles til difficulty. 1 " The city has no right to make that a crime which the State hse not made a crime. " Respectfully, " Pxaxsb Mabtxb, City Attorney." On the whole it would appear to an oote u if Mr. Foster most be a great deal easier fa fa, mind in Australia than in the States. A well, known London journalist waa present at a seaaee with a Mr. C. H. Foster in Ixmdon, and he and his friends printed these oonclusions — . 1\. That Mr. Foster is a person of quick per ception and some ingenuity . 2\. That he can see through a transparent envelope. 3\. That he kas cultivated the art of legerde main to some purpose. 4\. That be can produce an almost Qlmfajg scrawl upon a piece of paper, which he holds under the table with a pencil held is thesun hand. 5\. That he can produce red letters on probably by pressure and friction. 6\. That people pay a good price to obtain results. Since the date of this critiriim (twelve jnn a eoS Mr. Foster accean to have forontom nothing, and learned nothing. H. W. 