BUCKLING-TO. To shirk a.di5agreeable tesk that has to lo done with good will or withoat,- to. tiy to evade theinevitable and postpone necessity ; to stand . sbiv'eribg on the brink when tLe plunge perforce must be made, and tbesooner it-is made the sooner the shock and its con sequences- will be over ; io waste our strength in 'fretful anticipations of fatigup, and. to sub stitute dilettanteism for honest work, per- fanctoriness for brave endeavour— these w.-ijs of Jiving, "though too much after the manner of half-hearted men, are the ways which- lead to ruin sud destruction. Take the ciee of a man whose affairs are going wrong, and whose books show a perilous indication to wards Basingbull-stieet , Obviously tbe only rational thing for him to do is to buckle to at once, go into his affairs, cheek hia expendi ture, cut off his superfluities and -lift his cart from tbe tut of bankruptcy into which it is f ist rinking. But if ha has riot ihe energy or common sense necessary for this ? If he delays for this hope, for that fear ? If now this problematical gain is to be made, that bad debt paid up ? it his wife's delicate nerves needs management, and the state cf her health demands a carriage i if be must Strain one point for hiason on his entering lato iife, and another for his daughter, on her first season : if shadowy fingers slacken t.heBlrapa, and' the miidev of fallacious hopts rist the buckles I — what can there be but ir remediable. disaster and a general collapse as the results of those insane attempts to shirk a painful task aud evade tbe inevitable? If he. had had the courage of bis situation, and badkled to it at first, he might have retrieved ail -that had been lost, and made good I. is future position. It was simply a question of promptness and daring — of buckling to with a. will But he temporized aud delayed, and Blackened this girth, loosened that strap, let rids fly loose and buckles slip, hoping rather than doing, aud looking to that stalwart Ffercules in the clouds, or to tbe machine where lie thought was bidden the g.id that would set all things right with a nod of his head, rather than trusting to himself, putting his own shoulder under tbe wheel , aud buckl ing to. like a . Trojan, lo consequence, of which he comes to the grief anyoue:but faith- ga'f could see what was foredoomed, and tip- Beta the_ whole concern in'o tbe ditch. This ia "one result of that fooiish temper which will not. accept cheerfully what it cannot avoid by any ingenuity in the world, aud which does not reflect tbat the more closely fitting the harness the easier it is to draw the load. Again, a maB, cr it may be a womap, is '.put into a situation uncongenial to his or- her nature and inclinations, one which gives all that ia not wanted and denits all that is. But it is duty ; has to be performed somehow ; arid circumstance is like a brazen tower with so back door, only tbe possibility of dashiog \- one hot brains from impaiieo l heads when they knock themselves against the cruel walls \- arid will not make tbe best of what tbey curt not help. It is a duty wfiicb, given up in tbe one case, includes the giving up if the means of subsistence, with may-hap no bridegroom; if grudgingly and complaioingly in the other, only makes lite harder than it need be, and the burden heavier than it is already. . . Buck- ling-to with a will is the sole method by which can come satisfaction, Justus boldly seizing a midnight ghost proves it to, be nothing bat; a masquerading duchess, bra trick of. light and line, so placing oneself bravely in harness, and determining to do with a good grace what one does not like to do, somehow' lessens the load aud smooths down the difficulties, makes all the angles rounder;- and blunts the sheaf of spikes tbat in the ' beginning tortured ' one so. :sruel)y. Almost all youths who have' to work/for their living have to go through this period of using themselves to harness, doing what. they do not like -to do, giving up what tbey like to have.' The one who will, buckle to with moat cheerfulness and vigour is the ouefrom whose manhood must may be expected ; and he who whines and cries, and cannot do this arid will riot do that, who gives tip his situa tion in tbe city because it is not a situation ip . the country, or despises the fields and stock because, being apprenticed to a firmer, he would prefer to be clerk to a merchant, is trie one of wbese future only failure can be predicted, unable as he hassliown bitnseif ;o buckle to, and of so little courage and self- command. Some men and women wear away their lives in this kind of thing. ; Out ol harmony with their work, tbey will never try to make trie collar less galling because -worn closer. They are always trying to Biip it over their poor long eats, which simply get chafed io the endeavour ; and they tub their shoulders sore because they think, that writb- ting will wear it easier. In a recent, lecture on "Liquids, " at the Boyal Institution; Professor Tyndall men tioned that be had learned from Captain Shaw, the head oi tbe London Fire Department, tbat a scratch in the nozz'e of a tire enginedelivery pipe, which an ordinary workman might over look, will reduce its throwing power from 200 feet down to 150 fevt. 