BANK CLERKS. (From the Melbourne Argus.) I Sentence having been passed on Alexander Tod, who pleaded guilty before the court of general sessions, at present sitting, to a charge of robbing the Union Bank of Aus tralia, there is no reason why we should refrain any longer from commenting on hie case. Tbe prisoner entered the service of the bank in Adelaide in August, 1869. He appears to have behaved himself well, for, aooording to the account furnished by his ooaneel, he was removed in 1872 without solicitation on his part to Melbourne — the most important office of course in the colonies, and made teller in the office here at £175 -per annum. At the time the transfer took place, however, the Adelaide manager wrote a private note to the inspector, in which he said, ' the nature of this young man is easily susceptible of temptation.' In view of such a warning, we are naturally led to inquire whether this opinion was the result of mere guesB-work, or whether anything had occurred to justify suspicion. However, we must conclude that the inspector regarded it iu the former light, for Tod was at once placed iu a position where, according to the manager's own admission, he might have as easily taken £4000 or £5000 as the £1250 with which he decamped. He had £12,000 in his custody when he committed the robbery. Notwithstanding the warning given, no effort was made to keep a check on his proceedings, and consequently his promotion has eventuated his ruin. We cannot help thinking that the bank authorities are in a great measure to blame for what has taken place. But before we say more on this point, we would guard againBt misunderstanding. We are sorry to say that we have frequently had to com ment on eimilar oases before, but we have always endeavoured to render it plain that no shortcomings on the part of employers oan justify the employed in departing, even to the extent of a hair's-breadth from the path of honesty. Those who accept employment do so of their own free will, and no matter whether the conditions of servitude are liberal or the reverse, they are bound to abide honestly by the terms of their agree ment. If a man chooses to sell his labour for a farthing, a week, he is as muoh bound to aot honorably and honestly as though he received £10,000 a year for his services. It is all a matter of arrangement, and each party to a compaot of the sort can accept or refuse the terms offered with perfeot freedom. But when a bargain has been struck neither party can justify an infringement of its pro visions on the ground that the terms agreed on were not sufficiently favourable. This point cannot be too strongly impressed on yonng men. It appears, unfortunately, that many of them consider themselves absolved from guarding their employer's interests, and, in some cases, from the necessity of keeping their fingers out of their employers' till, because they choose to consider themselves underpaid. A more pernicious idea never entered anyone's head. No man is torced to acoept work if the terms of payment are not to his liking, and no plea of inadequate remuneration can be accepted in justification or even in excuse of dishonesty. Having thus guarded ourselves againBt any danger of misapprehension, we may freely express onr opinion concerning the conduct of the bank in relation to the convict. We certainly think it was almost cruel, after the warning received, to place this yonng man so ' easily susceptible of temptation ' in a position of trust and responsibility without exercising that constant supervision which is absolutely necessary to keep weak naturo from going astray. Surely some position might have been fonnd for him, if the bank thought it desirable to retain his services, where he could aot have been sub jected to the duly temptation arising from the constant handling of coin. For our own part, we moat confess that a bank appears to tls tbe very last place in whioh any one should be employed who is 'easily sueoep tible of temptation.' But certainly if there was some necessity, which no outsider., can fathott, for keeping him on the staff, he should have been confined to merely clerical .duties, whioh he might have dis charged without subjecting Jus honesty to a trial :tihftre was every reason to suppose it was incapable of enduring. VWe would like viae draw attention tothe inadequate NnuNnOkn attache! to a part of such ?» - \- - ?? , t'- r-' ' ' ' responsibility as that to which he was appointed. It may be said that £175 per annum is a very handsome salary for a boy of twenty. We do not deny the fact, but we submit tbat the salary should be adjusted to the offiee, and not to the age of its occupant. No doubt the learned judge who passed sentence was quite right when he said that ' the salary was quite adequate for a young man of the prisoner's age, and was quite sufficient for his maintenance.' But that is not the point. The question to be decided may be stated thus — is a salary of £175 a year a reasonable remuneration for a person — be he man or boy— who has thousands of pounds continually passing through his hands, and who is entrusted with tbe custody of large sums of money for days together, without check or supervision of any sort ? We think not. Once more we say there is no excuse for dishonesty, but at the same time we hold that it is the duty of employers to place their servants as far as possible above the reach of temptation.^ We may congratulate the community on the sound view which his Honor Judge Pohlman has taken of the magnitude of the offence committed. The sentence of four years' imprisonment appears to meet exactly the requirements of the case. It neither errs on the side of undue severity nor maudlin clemency. Let us hope that it may be a warning to other young men who are tottering on the brink of dishonesty, and duly impress on their minds the disagreeable consequences which nearly always attend any deviation from the path of rectitude. A Ghost with a Candle. — One night last week, shortly after midnight, a man, who had been indulging rather freely in ardent spirits, reached his residence in the neighbourhood of Mersey-terrace, Bebing ton, a short distance from the parish church. His better-half, who had retired to bed, got up in her night-clothes to opon the front door ; and on seeing him under the influ ence of drink, it was only natural she should lose her temper. She remonstrated with her husband in the -most gentle terms; but he would hear of no reproof ; and ultimately, under the excitement of drink and passion, he struck her several blows. There was no one in the house to protect her, and to escape from the violence of her husband she left the dwelling in her night- clothes and a white cap on her head. In her hand she carried a lighted candle, and with the in tention of finding a police constable she made her way past the churchyard towards the village. The poor woman was the very picture of what ghosts are represented to be — tall, gaunt, and white. As she was striding past the churchyard with a lighted candle in her hand, up strolled a ruetic belonging to the parish, who, like the woman's husband, had been imbibing too freely. In fact, it was said he was drunk ; and on seeing the figure dressed in white walking towards him, be at once concluded it was the spirit of one of the departed lying in the churchyard that had appeared to frighten and to punish him for the sin of intemperance. He did not stop to exchange compliments with the unearthly - looking object, but instantly took to his heels and ran off at full speed. In his flight he lost his hat and boots, which were afterwards picked up in the road ; but tbe most serious part of the affair is that he may be running yet, for he has not been since seen by his tnends at Jjeoington. ab tor tne ' gnoet, she found her way to the house of the village policeman, who took her home to her ' lord and master,' apparently none the worse for her nocturnal stroll. — Liverpool Mercury. Brutal Mubder of a Farmer.— A shock ing occurrence took place at a large farm house near Towcester on Sunday evening, December 21. Mr. John Newitt, a respect able and well-to-do farmer, living at Bur cotewood Farm, about a mile and a half from Towcester, on the road leading to Brackley, situate two or three fields from the high road, and within a mile from the hamlet of Wood Burcote, was keeping house with a servant-girl, the family having gone to ohuroh. All at once the kitohen door was opened, and a man named Chamberlain, who had lately kept a tollgate near, entered ; and without saying a word laid his hand on the girl's shoulder and struck her with an instrument on the other. Her cries brought her master to her, who was sitting iu the parlour reading his bible. Chamberlain at once turned upon him, and a struggle en sued, when the girl (seeing her master knocked violently down) ran off for assist ance. She returned with some workmen on the farm, and found Mr. Newitt lying over the fender quite dead, with a severe gash on one side of the head, and very much beaten about the face. No motive can be assigned for the act, the deceased being a man of quiet and upright business habits, and much respected. Muoh sym pathy is felt in the neighbourhood for his family on account of the untimely event. The murderer is in custody. The weapon with which the deed was committed is sup posed to be an old sword. — Home News. A boy in school gave one of the best defi nitions ever given of economy—' paring po tatoes thin.' 