ITALIAN OPERA. SEMIRAMIDE. _In one respect at least the management, of the Italian Opera has treated the Adelaide public generously. "Wo have had three hew works already, and a fourth is promised for Wednesday evening. "Crispino" and "La Juive" were worthy of the company, and on Monday evening we were introduced to Ros sini's great opera " Semiramide." The story takes us far back into the past ages, and places mythico-historico characters upon the stage, who, oddly enough, sing",6ut in delicious music their loves, hates, and sorrows. The story ie somewhat complex and mixed; but it serves the composer on which to hang some exquisitely beautiful music, and that after all is the end of opera. There was a grand and densely-crowded house,. His Excellency and party occupying the State box. The cast was -as follows:— Assur (a Prince - of Babylonia), Signor Dondi; Arsaoe (a young Oommandeir of the Queen's Army), Signora Magi; Idreno (an Indian Chief), Signor Coy; Oroe (Chief of, the Magi), Signor Fiorani; Semiramide (Queen :of Baby lon), Signora Palmieri. In addition.to these the resources of the company-were tested to produce uncourtly courtiers, irreverent priests, suBpicous Indian slaves,' and truculent war riors. The opera, however,. was put on • the stage in such a way as has not yet been attempted In Adelaide; the scenery was new and effeotive, and the dresses were magnifi cent. . The utmost was made of the limited stage, and the artist had managed by his clever pencil to give an idea of magnitude and dis tanee which we could hardly have imagined possible in such a small space. We need not tell our readers that the musiq of this well-known opera is exquisitely beauti ful throughout. The overture, which was ex ceedingly well played, gave an idea of what was to follow. The principal characters were rendered with unusual efficiency. Signora Palmieri, as the guilty Queen, won increased honors by hex' singing and acting. The music of the' part- is such as to test the highest powers of the most accomplished.prim#donna, and Palmieri was equal to it; and she looked queenly, which is no small matter in a work of this kind. Unquestionably this lady is an artiste of rare accomplishments, and on Monday she gave the highest exemplification of her powers we have yet had from her in this city. Signora Magi made a splendid- Arsace; her fine voice, clear as a-bell, expressed the difficult but lovely music which Rossini wrote. Thisyoung lady adorns everythingshe attempts, but in the character of the Ohief Captain she was superb. In the dosing act the duet be tween her and Palmieri was perhaps the greatest musical treat we have had in Adelaide, and it was imperatively encored and repeated. Both ladies were almost overwhelmed "with showers of bouquets. The voices blended in exquisite harmony, and produced an im pression which will not soon be forgotten. Dondi, as Assur,. wa3 worthy to" take his place beside the ladies; and Signor Coy personated the Indian Chief, and sang the music allotted to him with delicacy and effect. We cannot say as much of Fiorani, who was tame and expressionless throughout. We could imagine what the opera would have been with Coliva or Baldassari in the character. By the way, the latter gentleman made a capital ghost. Altogether, Semiramide is the grandest work the" company have yet produced. The prin cipal performers won fresh laurels by its per formance, • and _ the crowded audienoe- yere certainly not niggardly in .their praise.- - The opera will be repeated this evening, when we anticipate another overflowing audience. 