THE HOLY TRADE IN MASSES. Protestants say that masses are good for nothing ,; Romaii Catholics maintain that they are good for everything. Which are right ; It will bo seen by tho following narrative : — .In a certain village there lived a kind priest ; kind in this sense that ho tried to please every one. JNever tlid no leave , any one iri a per plexity. Did one parishioner want a dispensa tion? A. dispensation was granted him. pid aripther need a mass?. The mass was sriid.. Arid what is more, to whoever desired raiij' rain was promised ; and to whoever wished fbt" fine weather, fine weather was insured. " Only the rain of the one came when the sun of thh other should have shone ; but at any rate, either before or after his turn, every one was served. One day, as his reverence was sitting by his fireside ; a young' peasant girl presented herself lit his door, with a blushing face and a timid step. , Come in iny dear, said he kindly, what bringi you ?— Please your reverence, I am come to a favour, I am very unhappy— — - ' , And what is the iriatter?— I am in great grief ! . What grief ?— I , dare not say. But then,' wlnit can I do for you?— "Vlk your reverence, if you could say a mass fori irie! perhaps it would bring to pass what I wish. But what is your wish ?— I cannot say. Why V-It is a family secret. You can say, nevertheless, a mass for my business,— 0£ course. And it will bring about what I wish ?- Possibly. Wo call that a mass for the intention of the. giver. Oh 1 how glad I am t it is just what I want ! a mass for my intention. Are two better than one? — Cbrtaiuly. And four, better than two ? — Np donbt about it 5 four masses are far the beat. Let it be so then; here are ten shillinca. Very well. , Good day, your reverence.— Good daj'. The young girl went away full' of joy ; and his reverence put up the money, and prit down .in his register— four.niasses to say for the intcn- tioh of the giver, ten. shillings. iho girl was scarcely gone, when four stout countrymeu caiuc iu, the ooldest of whoin caino forward with his hat in his hand. Good day, friend John, how are you?— Pretty well, your reverence, as to myself; but the weather don't get on. How is that ? — Why, the hay is rotting in the field ; for a month past we have had damp weather, when we want heat. _Well, tho remedy is at hand ; have masses said. — It is precisely for that we are come. We came to ask you for masses to obtain a few weeks of fine weather at last.— "WRlihgly, willingly. ' But you see, your reverence, it must last a little while. — Of course. And not be long delayed. — I understand. . Well, then, th.at is settled.- "Yes. When shall wj have tho mass ?— To-morrow, Arid the fine weather ?— As soon as pbssiWe'v Good. Farewell, your reverence. — But, I say,' you are forgetting What? my umbrella? No, but to pay me. There are four of you, htdf-a-crown for each, makes ten shillings. — It is not dear, your reverence ; but for us, you see, it' is a great deal, and we thought that two shilling each would do. eU, I will do it for eight shillings— here, give it.— Here it is : good day, your reverence. Good day, my friends. The countrymen left ; as John went down stairs, he met all the millers of the village coming up to the priest. Four millers ! it seemed odd ; but then he thought it might be the festival of their patron saint, and without more ado, he wished them a good day, and pass on. The millers went into the priest, who re ceived them in his most winning manner. Gopd day, your reverence. Good day, my friends, how is .ill going on ? — Not badly, if the mill would but turn. : And why should it not turn? — Water is wting. You must open thesluiee. — Yes, but the river is diy. Well, you must wait. — We have been waiting for .two months. ; Beally ! And you see no other means to re lieve your perplexity? — Eain. It is for that we are come to ask you for a few masses. Very well.— And you will make it rain ? I hope so. — Enough to turn the mill? — As much as possible. Without delay? — I will say the mass to morrow. All right. Here is How much ? — Nothing at all — I was going to say— here is what we had thought, the more it rains the more we Avill pay ! . No, no ; that is against the canons of the Church. Pay beforehand ; never afterwards. I. prefer giving it to you pretty cheap; four masses for eight shillings. — If it were for fair weather, good ; but we only ask you for rain. JLUC luiiiuisi uia icvcicuuc buuiuituxj' resolute, drew the money from their pockets, with as much difficulty as if it were stuck to the bottom, and his reverence put down his receipts in an account book as follows : — Received this day to obtahi sunshine as soon as possible, £0 8 0 Ditto „ ditto to obtain rain at the same time, 08 0 .;The. account book was closed, the cash locked up, and his reverence rubbed his hands, stretched out his feet, and waited for fresh customers. He did not wait long. Scarcely had he said within himself, "Ten and eight make eighteen, and eight make twenty-six," when a carriage stopped before the house, and his room door opened to admit a fine lady vvith tossing feathers, who, unceremoniously enough, took her place at the opposite aide of the fire, commenced the conversation. ,Your reverence, I am not known to you, but hiere is the eircumstance which brings me. Eighteen years ago' I lived in the country, in a neighbouring district. My farmers took a fancy to make me the godmother of their little girl ; I consented, and thus began my con nection with little Bridget, now my maid. She is a good girl, but she wants to marry a Pro testant. That is impossible, madam. — Stay ! My con fessor, indeed, like yourself, told me that it was imposssible ; another priest said that it would suffice if the father pledged himself to bring up his children Roman Catholics. But as the future husband refuses to hear reason, I thought, your reverence, you would be wiser than your two brethren Madam, believe me ; it is extremely difficult. -Difficult is very different from impossible, but where then is the difficulty ? .. At Rome. — How is that ? 1 A dispensation from the Pope must be had.— That is exactly what I came for. What will the expense of it be ; , Here the priest took some time to reflect ? he mentally ran over the lady's toilet, from head to> foot ; cast a look through the window to judge of the carriage, and, when his calcula tion was made, he said. Five pounds. — Five pounds ! , ; Yesi madam ; I must write', and wait to receive the answer, and the documents. All that Surely, but one word frightens me ; wait, did you say ? Now that is most trouble- Bome. Forty days are required. — In that case we can think no more about it ; if nothing was needed but money To tell the truth, money might indeed hasten the proceedings, and then hasten them, then? Hridget is to be married in a week. ' AVell, then, it will be eight pounds. — It is ex pensive work, but no matter', I agree to it. Here are eight sovereigns. The wedding this day week in your church. The sprightly dame waited for no reply ; but bowed her farewell to the priest, and went put, without giving the name of the bride- bom. It was a lucky day j for scarcely had half an hour elapsed when a young intelligent-looking countryman, with a little book in his hand, presented himself to his reverence. How can I servo you ? inquired the priest. — You cannot serve me ; but you can my future bride. Explain your meaning.: — The fact is that I should like to be married at wiy church, and she wants to be married at litr chapel. Like a good husband I have reconciled all things by promis ing to go to both. The Protestant clergyman has just fixed a day, and I am come to take your hour. ' You go on at a fine rate, my boy. — In what ? , . I cannot marry you ; you are a Protestant. — , My Protestant clergyman has consented to jriarry my Boman Catholic wife, though. You will require a dispensation. — He asked me for. none ; but how much does a dispensation cost? That depends on circumstances. Gome now, who are you ? "What trade ? — Blacksmith. ' , Are you rich? have you any. property ? — My ' propeiity is in my two hands. ' - in' that case, it is (sixteen shillings. — Sixteen .shillings. Yes. — It is too dear. Impossible for less.— Well, then, we will go witlumt. Bnt oome, come ! a man u ottly married once ittihia life.— That (b no reason for giving money "Well, then, twelve shillings, and we will say no_ more about it. — No, your reverence, eight shillings or nothing ; take your choice ; and indeed I do this .just to please Bridget. There is your money, give me a receipt. How now — a receipt? — Sure enough, since you receive. Sirrah, we have no such custom. It is against the canons of the church. — In that case I carry back my money; and now that it is in my pocket, -were you to offer me twenty receipts for it you should not get it. Come, my fine fellow, don't be angry, — I am not angry, but I tell you now, that I will be married without a dis)ensation, or else I will dispense with you. How ? — My wfe will turn Protestant. I have already said a word to her about it ; and were it not for her lady the Countess, Bridget would already have consented. And now, take your choice, either to marry us for nothing, or not at all. If it were not to avoid scandal, I would refuse you. — As you idease. When are you to be maii'ied ? — In a week. Very well ; come and remind me the day before. I will marry you without a dispensa tion ; but put down ten shillings for the ex penses of the ceremony. — Ah, your reverence, I thought myself pretty sharp ; but I acknowledge that you bear the bell — here are ten shillings. That's right. Away with you. — .Directly, your reverence, and with pleasure ! The countryman went out. The priest, in a bad humour, took up his account-book again, and wrote : — Received this day for a marriage wth a Protestant £8 0 0 Ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto 0 10 0 As his reverence was replacing his register upon the table, he perceived the little pamphlet wich the young man had forgotten, or perhaps purposely left. He took it up and opened it, and read near the end, the few words following. "Divers weights, and divers measures, both of them are alike abomination to the Lord." Matt, xxiii. 14 — "Woe unto you . . . hypocrites ! for ye devour widow's houses, and for a pretence make long prayers." Luke xi. 46 — "Woe unto you also ... for ye lade men vith burdens grievous to be borne, and ye yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers." Acts viii. 18-20 — "Simon . . . offered them (the apostles) money, saying, Oivo me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay my hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost. But Peter said unto him. Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money." Matt. x. 8 — " Freely ye have received, freely give." Isaiah Iv. 1 — "Ho, every one that thirsteth, come yc to the waters, and he that hath no money ; come ye, buy, and eat ; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price." Ephesians ii. 8, 9 — " By grace are ye saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves : it is the gift of God ; not of works, lest any man should boast." Romans, v. S — "While we were j'et sinners, Ohrist died for us." John iii. 16 — "God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." After reading this, the priest took down a Bible from his library, and looking for the verses marked at the beginning of each quotation, he found, word for word, the lines he had .just been reading. His reverence became sorrowful ; he sat down at his fireside, and fell into a deep meditation. His mind seemed rent in twain ; sometimes he stamped on the floor, at others he raised his eyes to heaven. At length he again opened the Bible, and his eyes fell irpbn these words: — "What is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul ?" —Matt. xvi. 26. "Pardon, Lord, pardon!" cried he at last, .md pushing away the gold which was upon the table, he eagerly seized the Bible, pressed it against his heart, and, for some moments, allowed his tears to flow in silence upon the Sacred Volume. Four days had passed in this agitation, and the priest had become calmer, when he heard a knock at his door, and saw coming in, the young peasant girl so sorrowful before, and now full of joy. — Thank you, thank you, your reverence ! cried she on entering. What for, my child ! — Your masses have succeeded. What do you mean ? — What I wish has liap- pened. But what? — Bridget has tumbled into the pond. How ? wretched child, was that you wish ?— Why, yes ; just that she should not marry Pat. And it was for that you asked me for four masses ? — Sure enough it was. Said I to my self, I wish some bad luck might happen to Bridget ; I will have a mass said for that ! And there she falls into the water ! Oh ! I did not push her in ! God did it himself alone, by means of your masses I Wicked girl ! — But, your re\Tence, you helped me. I was nat aware of your wish. — But you told me that the mass would succeed all the same. The priest lost all self- possession ; he strode about the room, clasping his hands and heaving deep sighs. The girl looked on in astonished silence. At length his reverence felt that he must repair, as much as possible, the harm he had done to this ignorant soul. He felt that he had contributed to justify, in her eyes, a murderous thought, or at least a bad desire. He understood that his church and mass were accomplices in this terrible doctrine ; and seizing his missal from off the table, he said to the girl : — " My child, I have deceived you, or, rather, I have deceived myself. The mass is an error, I will never say it again. It was my livelihood, but my soul was near being lost by such a liveli hood 1 I prefer burning my book to burning myself." And saying this, he threw the missal into the fire. Farewell, my child, said he at last ; be sure that a mass that can be sung to obtain sun and rain at the same time, a mass that can be said in favour of a wish unknown — a homicide wish, that mass cannot be conimanded by God ! May God forgive me for all those I have said, and re veal to me at length his whole truth. He took up his Bible again, opened it at Hebrews x. 10, and read this verse — "We are sanctified through the offering of the (body of Jesus Christ okob AW." Bridget was drawn up out of the pond, and married without a dispensation. The sun dried the hay without nasses, and tui'ncd the mill without rain, by melting the snows on the mountains. The young i)easaut girl learned by Bridget's marriage that God does not hear wicked desires to fulfil them ; and his rcvci-nce, being converted, prtycd to God freely to pardon her. In a word, .all were convinced by ex- l)crience, and by the Bible, that m.asses are good for nothing; St. Paul having said that "Ohrist was ox CE offered to bear the sins of many," of all who Ijolieve in him. Heb. ix. 28. 