LAUNCESTON. . J ' (prom our own coehespondbnt.^ February, Oth. . ?.ho waT, of migto against right— law against justice— -still continues to be carried on with unabated vigor. Summonses for non-payment of the rate are being issued as fast as they can bo written out, and all the officials attached to the Police Office are cryin-* out at tho extra work thrown upon them. The riotous conduct of tho mob is severely condemned by tho leaders of the passive resistance movement, and by all right-thinking persona. It has had the effect of deter, ring many who were inclined to pay from doinff to for the smashing of windows to the extent of some pounds was not a pleasant thing to contemplate Are the members of the Government mad in their impotent *f\\\ °-r 'J? they- B? blindcd b* tho '^representations °^r_M«0U1™1 P«t that they fail to^ee how Z L VfT*i Tiff ? Tua? r ltB« thing- beyond belfef that they intend seriously to try to compel a largo number of people comprising a third -$ the' population of the island, to pay a rate which they and every right-minded person do not hesitate to say is a gross injustice. From good authority I hear that about one-half of the people of Launceston have Either paid the rate or been summoned to the Police .Office where verdicts have been given against them ; 'so that there remains one-half who have not yet paid. After having held out so long, it is extremelyP?mprobaWe that many of , these will pay. This w H « state of affairs in LaunceLn. But what about, the country districts? Will half She country people pay tho obnoxious rate ? No out almost to a mon; and bold indeed will be th? man who goes into those districts to distrain. I stated u my last that it was reported that C.d7cT Reynolds had volunteered to distrain in the WestwarTbut since then I have heard that rather than go and ox' ecute the distress warrants, he has resigned his office This is more hke y to bo correct than thlfonner The Evnlale Municipality has made a bold sSaffldn* the rote, having refused to allow their police to^Uyer the summonses. This has given universal saHsfaetkn not only m the Evandalo district, but right toS from Launceston to Deloraine ; and there are not « few who state that if the other' Municipality wher« work has been done for the Government in connS with the rate, had consulted the wishes of the Monle they would have refused to allow the constaC to have anything to do with the matter. « Let Govern! menfc do their own dirty work ' said Evandale Tm lblfwH™£bIeT- D. Chapman andX Hono«i able W. K. Gibhncome up and try their hands and His Excellency they Governor has telegraphed to the Mayor of Launceston intimating his intention to stay away from the North during tfe race wtet and takes tho opportunity to administer a severeTebuko to us for daring to hold out for juitice. He says he should not be acting with that loyalty and good faith wUch his responsible advisers have a'right to e»ect from the head of the Executive if he did not let itbe pS understood that he is prepared to support them to The fdlestconstitutionalextentinresistingallopenviolitten to the law. If H s Excellency were to attend Uhe S fl ^'f rr°ito mlx free-^ with tho People,he would ' find that where law is carried out in defiance of equity andiustice, the people of the North think that the lea? oftheExecutiveoughttohaveanopinionofhisownand notwithstanding what the other members of the Exe eutivem,ght think about the matter, he ought to see that justice is fairly administered . AHer the farce of trying to get men to be sworn in' as special constables on Friday night, an amuriniTcu-. cumstanee happened to the young man who so°fuZ fully does Launcsston for the Mercury- amusing for the onlookers, but like the boys mi frogs? nf t Z pleassnt for the young man himself. He wm dodging about-firstrushing into the Town Hall, then ovfrtS the Telegraph Office, then back agam-seemtariy trymg to at met attention. VarioSs parties who knew the feeling against him, predicted that if he didn't mind he wouTd suffer j an5 true enough their prediction turned out, for on returning from tie Tsle. graph Office about tho third or fourth time, the words r' Mercury Jack' and ?? Onions' were heard. He quickened his pace into a sharp walk, then, whenhe tound the mob wore at his heels, he ran. Had he at this juncture been matched against Bird for a heavy ? stake the latter would have stood a poor ohanco indeed! As a bystander remarked, if the time had beon taken for the distance, it would have been found ' the ouiel. est on record.' However, he got safely into the¥own Hall, and was secure for the time. About a quarter of an hour after, he came out and attempted to reach the Telegraph Office, but themob surrounded hL'Zl then commenced a scene which defies description. ?'Don't hurt the poor fellow,' said one, giving fema playful poke under the fifth rib. « Who's your latter' soia another, as his tile went flying Into the a^'r Those persons who had the pleasure of hearine F«I quharsonm his grand old song, « The Maniac F» wTll remember with what terrible earnestness tC words ' Oh releaso, oh release mo, by Heaven'g 1 aZ It mad I' were rolled out by 'him*. ThTeaniestaL of poor Mercury. « Oh. release me,' was Seal, Sd far outshone anything that Farquharson ever did or at ' tempted. This was followed by language rathe, more forcible than polite, reflecting father m Jfoe poice-' Help help, they'll kill mf; 'here's tho police, police ?' By this time ho was iostkrl about 60 much 'that h0 had gotJc£j ? to the iron railings round the Public Buildings. Be was tolerably well squeezed hero, but not satisfied with that, Bomo of the essayed to squeeze him through the railings, between which there is a space of about three inches, wbeo His Worship the Mayor. Aldermen Harrap and Hart, and several peaceful citizens succeeded in getting up to him and rescuing him from his captors, pushed him through v the Telegraph Office gate, and he finally escaped out the back way, looking rather Whiter than ghosts are usually said to be. He was not hurt, but very much frightened. Wo know that he was a sadder man, let us also hope he was'a wiser one ! On the same evening Mr Boothman had an oppor tunity of showing his ability as a pedestrian, and well he acquitted himself. He was proceeding up Brisbane street, towards his resideuce, when he hoard the mob smashing his windows. He commenced to run towards them, but fortunately for him, some of them observed him coming, and about » dozen ran out to meet him. He turned round, and then ensued an exoittng chase, the spectators ' on each side of the street hooting him as he ? fl«w along. Be succeeded in distancing most of his pursuers, and rushed Mr. Farrelly's side door, where he was safe. Poor little fellow, it was a pity to chase him, but I hope that he gets through the business without anything worse, although I am rather dubious about that. Much blame is attributed to tho police for the man* n e in which they acted, their manner of proceedings! tending to increase rather than diminish the distur bance. Had they, instead of attempting to seize the effigies carried by the mob, gone in with them and assisted to burn them on tho Market Green, much of the window breaking would have been stopped. No one doubts tho valor of our police. Fancy half a dozen policemei ?harging a mob of about fifteen hundred I Thi ?uperintendant, Mr. Coulter, had evidently to learn that ''discretion was the better part ol valor,' and bis action on Friday night proved that the severe lesson taught him the previou? evening had not been fruitless, for he and hif force tried to expostulate with the rioters, and ? this proved more successful than charging ' r gbt ' into the midst of them ' like the gallant six hundred. On Saturday night all was quiet, ai d the town bristled with policemen. In Brisbane street you could not walk a dozen yards, witheut passing two or three walking together. The ' arrival of a numbe.- of policemen, with breach loading carbines and a supply of ammunition from Hobart Town, was reported on Saturday, and the general opinion is that unless they are immediately withdrawn bloodshed will be the result. The old proverb says ' a word to the wise is sufficient.' We know the members of the Ministry are not wise. Can you tell me what , is sufficient to make the foolish understand ? Many people aver that this is only the begining of the disturbance. ; Great indignation is felt at tho inflammatory telegrams in Saturday's 'Mercury.' The state \- ol fear in which its correspondent was on Friday evening seems to have distorted his vision. It is said a movement is on foot to petition the Mayor to give this villifier notice to leave the town. For his own sake it would be better for him to leave, and I am sure the town would be more peaceable without him. Another disturbance was expected on Saturday night, but all was quiet. Brisbane-street fairly bristled with policemen, and the specials were again kept out till midnight. A detaehmeut of constables has arived from Hobart Town, armed with breech loading carbines and supplied with 60 rounds of ammunition each . This is considered a Tery unwise' step as more likely to forment the disturbance than to quell it. Hallas's splendid brass brand arrived per Southern Cross on Sunday, and played sacred airs up the streets, followed by a large concourse of people. Two circuses are erected within one hundred yards of each other, and the Theatre Royal is to be opened to-night by Miss Juno's Company. So that there is no lack of amusements to satisfy the public A Tery influential meeting of leading citizens and wardens of the adjacent Municipalities con vened by the Mayor, was held-at the Town Hall this. afternoon to consider the beat course to adopt in the present crisis. I understand that the M ayor and Wardens generally, as well . as the other gentlemen present, expressed their belief from their own knowledge that the opposition to the rate was so deep rooted that it would be utterly impossible to collect it, and that bloodshed would be the consequence of the attempt. In view of this it unanimously resolved that a deputation con sifting of the Mayor, Wardens of Eural Munici palities in the Railway Districts, and gome other gentlemen should proceed to Hobart Town at once to interview the Governtaent and represent the intense feeling of opposition to the rate, the certainty of serious disturbances and bloodshed if the attempt to collect it be pesisted in, and to urge the suspension of the collection rate until Partial ment had an opportunity of dealing with the whole matter. 