BUSCELLAHEOUS. Cubbent literature should be full of tort sayings. The law is not cheap, although it is always had at cosf. Antonio found Shylock to be a man after his own heart. What things increase the more they are con tracted ? — Debts. Why is a chicken like a farmer ? — Because both delight in a full crop. To Would be Poets. — Lame verses should alwayB be hound in limp cloth. James Smith, the humourist, was once asked, Which are tbe Lest guns, Egg's or Manton'e ?' He replied, ' Eggs for poaching.' The 'Quebec Morning Chronicle' oompletes one of its marriage announcements with the fol lowing information — ' No cards ! no cake ! ! i>o wine ! ! !' I declabe mother,' said a pretty little girl, ' it's too bad. You alwsys send me to bed when I'm not sleepy, and you always make me get up when I am sleepy. Not Least. — A Whitehall real estate owner, having let all his houses but one, was asked if that unlet house was his last. ' Yes, last, but not leased/ was his reply. A gentleman travelling in Ireland said to a very importunate beggar, ( You have lost all your . teeth.' The beggar quickly answered, 'An' it's time I parted with urn, when I'd nothing for urn to do.' .. 'Uncle James, won't you perform Borne of those juggling tricks for us to-night that you learned in China?' ' No, my dear, I'm not in tbe vein.' ' What vein, uncle ?' ' Why, the juggler vein, of course.' He said it was too cold to get up, and she said it wasn't her place to kindle fires and she wouldn't, and they both lay abed thirty odd hours in Port land, Maine. She, pretty hungry by that time, thought better of it. Tipkins aroused his wife from a sound sleep the other night saying he tad seen a ghost in the shape of an ass. ' Ob, let me sleep,' waB the reply of the irate dame, ' and don't be frightened at your own shadow.' 'i 1_ tUt Anffhf A XOUiK lau J IS® ® gouwwuftu vuguw naver to feel discouraged when the ' momentous question' is negatived by the objeot of his choice, for in life, as in grammar, we always decline before we conjugate.' A gentleman built a wing to his house, con sisting of a cellar, a library on the ground floor, and a bedroom above. He asked the opinion of a friend about it, who replied- My dear fellow, I am sorry to seeyou have lost your senses.' How,' exolaimed the other. ' Why bon vivant and a literary man, as you are, to read over your wine and to sleep over yeur hooks.' The question was discussed at a debating club whether there was more happiness in possession or pursuit of an objeot. ' Mr. President/ said a speaker, ' suppose I was oourtin' a girl, hud she was to run away, and I was to run after her, wouldn't I be happier when 1 catched her than; when I was running after her Nothing Happened.— -ODce careless man went to the oellarand Stuck the candle in what ne saQugac was a cog ot snack eana. Me sat near it drinking wine until the candle burned low. Nearer and nearer It got to the blaok sand, nearer and nearer, until the blase reached the black eand, and as it was nothing but black eand, nothing happened, Ckabt.br Dickens and the artist Landseer . were dining ' together one day when a servant enteredandoahnly inquired, 'If yen please, Sir J&dwin;, did you order a lion?' Dickens looked 4ipi0omewhat alarmed as the RooiogioaHfrrdene were not tor distant. But it eoemapperired that a lion had recently died at the gardens, and the" manager 1 wished to know whether Landseer desired, i| wee often the case, to make a sketch f it. 