IINCIDENTS AND ADVENTURES OF MY RUN HOME. [ BY AN AUSTRALIAN.] (CONTINUED) He had already commenced a shorthorn herd of unquestioned purity of blood. Ho was about to introduce a larger and moro profitable breed of sheep. He had bought up_n.ll the small properties that could bo got hold of, and had so acquired an extensivo tract of country, which ho was draining Ïilanting, fencing, and cropping with nil tho now iglits of agriculture, and all his ancient energy, " All this is very fine," said I, meditatively; "still wo used to question tho probable paying nuturo o: ' unlimited irnprovoinonts in our country. But what of ' your own ilesh and blood,' what of tho chil- dren of tho soil-deuced damp soil it is, too ?" " Well, I had un awful amount of bother with them, I must own," said ho, " and it isn't all dore yet. I thought my heart would havo broke. There were sucii hordes of thom. Fancy buying a run in Riverina, with twenty iuile3 of frontage, and finding four hundred families on that part alone, which is nothing to the density of population on some estates." "But they would, pay rent and cultivate the ground," I argued. "Tho divil a pay-or, if they did furnish a trife of real, absolute cash, occasionally, it was swal- lowed up in tlie dire difficulty ol' collection, and , tho ' harassing legislation' to which I should have been compelled to subject theui to ensure any regularity of income. As for cultivation, the less said about that the better." . Then what did you effect, eventually?" I inquired. . " Well, I helped a great number to emigrate to ¡ America. A five-pound note goes a good way hei'6. Some, who were amenable to reason, I persuaded to go to Australia. To many of the able-bodied mon I have given constant employment at compa- ratively high, wages, and I am weeding out tho bad aud irreclaimable by degrees, though I don't know but what I may get ' inproved off the face of tho earth' myself some day. Fvo felt a douced sight safer within a mile of a gang of -bushrangers than I do hero occasionally," " It's as bad as taking up now country," said I, compassionately. "Worse-a hundred times worse; koop the blacks away, and you wore always pretty safe ; but here you are in the midst of the aboriginals night and day. And a Ribbon agent may drop you as you come homo from hunting, or let drive a handful of slugs through tho -window-as we're sitting hero this minute." ? ,- .< r :.,'.'>... . .1 , - " God forbidjl" said I, heartily-at which he laughed, - ; ... .1 " I'm an Irishman, and so.. I must bear it, Rolf, us I've been brought up;,to H.- . And, as I've commenced'this thing, I'll see it-out, you may bo Bure." " I know that," said I ; " bat now let us dismiss those-philonthropical and homicidal reflections they seem to run curiously close to ono another in those ports. I'll play you a match of billiards the host of threo, and then to bed." Tho next morning dissipated any unpleasant thoughts on O'GradyVs part, that he was going to fall in tho broach, a pioneer of civilization, and wo rodo togethor ovor his property, when he exhi- bited tho improvements completed under Ids directions with pardonable pride. " Do you see thoâe slate-roofed cottages ?" he said ; " every tenant of them swore ho would die Iof cold if I took the rotten thatch off. ' I havon't a groat while to live,' said one old follow, solemnly, ; * and sure ye'll lot mo die in peace, without piling j those cold stones above tho head of me.' " I " . Didn't ye havo fovor last year P answer me 5 that.' " " ' I had, and glory be to God, I recovered from that same.'" "'Thea you'll tako my way, now,' said' I, ' and I'll guarantee you never have the fever among you again, if you'll be ruled by me,'" ; i . . . . 1 " Did you conquer their prejudices, in the ' long i run p" :.":.'..!..-'?' J "I did, with ' money ond fair words,' and I am j nsw organizing a scheme to lighten the pressure I of population here. I havo some little property ' still in Australia, you know." : I "I was aware of that fact-wished I had half the little property." " Well, as the young couples marry, and they ; marry very early, too-the improvident rascals that ? they aro-(wonderfully moral also, I grant that)-I ' givo them a passage out, a few pounds to start with, and let them havo a farm a Burrawonga. The land . is rich there, and they can either become ' cocka- toos,' or tako to boundary-riding, shepherding, or stook-keoping, whichover they prefer. Anyhow, Ireland sees thom no mero ; and they go to a land where every child thoy have, if they have twenty, can have a sheep to oat for his own eh aro onco o ? month, and a hundred-weight of flour every quar- ter, besides a catty-box of tea and a bog of sugar yearly." " That sounds well in their oars, within hail of . Lough Corrib, I doubt not," said I, " but it's won- derful how little they think of thoso food-mizncles ! in the land of Goshen, when onco they have crossed the desert." " True for you ; sure human nature was always fiorverse-so they tell us-and when yo come to rish nature all calculation and expérience are at fault. Can't ye fancy one of these boys, who doesn't see meat onco a month, or has as much cilanco of getting it as of ' pate do fois gras,' or ' canard truffle,' walking gravely up to tho overseer, saying that tho hutkeepor couldn't got a sheep last night, and how could a man bo oxpectod to work without a bit of mate for breakfast." j "I've seen it many a time," I answered ; " pcr i haps it's tho voyage, which is long and lazy, that j demoralises timm, or the bad example of the colo 1 nial hands ; but it is tho fact, nevertheless, that ; .tho vegetarian Paddy is tho first man to kick up I a dust about tho temporary RIHCIICO of beefsteaks ; from any meal whatsoever of his gratuitously supplied and vory abundant board." r », Tilere's ntlu perfection,' OJ that Scotchman at Hamilton's, told us, you romoiuber, when ho con ' coded tho fact of Iiis wife having a thick waist. 1 But I find my countrymen, as colonists, just about ; ; os good and ns bael us other Britons. The next generation of thom at Burrawonga will be hotter . .taught, bettor fed, and bettor able than thoir fathers to do thoir share towards intelligently governing themselves. Moro than that I don't expect. And so much will pay mo for my troublo." " And is your idea of a trans-Pacific and glori- fied Connemara actually progressive, and in work- ing order P" I inquired. '? Evory month," ho answered, " seo» tho farms i onlarging-tho unreasonable, unprofitable, tillage being turned into grazing. I linvo established sororal schools, and something like a model indus- trial place, whoro tho youngsters can learn tho « b 0 of chemistry and agriculture." " Woll, I wish you all kinds of luck old follow," said I. " It koopa you employed at any rate, and may bo said to save your lifo in that respect, aB I know, if you couldn't work hard at soiuotbing, there would soon bu an end of Maurico O'Grndy." I "Supposa wo havo our grog and turn in, after that compliment," quoth Maurice, "and to-mor- \ row we'll havo u rido'over the run,'ns wo used to say." Tho next was vory nearly n fine day, wonderful to relato, so wo mounted upon a couple of powerful, half-bred horses ; wo did a long day's rido round O'Grady's property. It was extensivo, very pictur- esque 111 places, remarkably good land, and show- ing, by occasional half-tonantcd hamlots.orrowsof roolloss cabins, that a considerable migration had lately taken phico, " lîatlior a sad sight," I saidjpsinting to a cluster of roofless cabins. Aro you sure you aro not assist- ing tho undosirablo stage of civilization- < Where wealth ncaumulatci_and men decay?" 1 " Thoro'a a vory plousiblo ring about that line, I confess,"saidlio, "though, whon auch a gooso ns old Oliver ailirinod an ocononiic axiom of any sort, it was protty sure to bo wrong Wticro mtn accumulate und wealth decays was much moro truo about tho circumstances which led to tho sinfully excosslvo over-population of Ireland. Any ono (old Cobhott notably did) might . havo prcdictod tho inoxorablo calamity. And it I carno. But for emigration, IriBh faminoo would 1 havo been ns periodical and terri bl u aa thoso .f Bengal." I " I think I hoar of a distinguished countryman ' of yours onco saying, Maurico, that if ono irish- man was to bo roaated, you could always got ono- ] ther Irishman to turn the «pit. "ïtfu seem to be rather bard on your countrymen." "I'll give them all a spit of their OT>:U about here," said bo, laughingly, " :ind maybe someíhing to roast on it, tao, before I've «¡one. But I doc't conceal their short-comings; mid since I've been to Australia things look rather i.'iilorently to me. It will all work Tight in the end, I «¡ure say." Notwithstanding Goldsmith, I could not but feel deeply interested in tho well- considered t ii terprises which O'G.-ndy had organized. He liad gone to work with his proverbial shrewdness and libe- rality. On all sides, well-fenced enclosures, arte- rial drainago-works, careful cultivation, and neat farm buildings, met my view. Improved breeds of cittle, Ayrshires, Herefords, and Shorthorns,: revelled in the wide pasture-lands, for which the estate had long boen famous. The small mountain sheep, with the exeoption of a flock at the home-' farm, kept for mutton, had been displaced by goodly broad-backed Leicesters and Cotswolds. Tito plough and waggon-teams showed that Clydes- : dales and Suffolks had been imported with no sparing hand. There was'a, cheese and 'butter factory on the'American plan, while .the hams andy flitchos of bacon, stored in great quantities ready ' for export, showed that the proverbial pig of the . cottier had been, superseded,.by the less agile but moro highly civilized porcine cube from' Berkshire and the-neighbouring beans and bacon counties. ; We entered well-built,'well- attended schools,,fuH ; of ruddy-faced, ' neatly-clothed. children. Gangs and troops of labourers, in nil directions, were employed under intelligent superintendence on : tho works in progress; .while to my extreme,.sur- prise I suddenly encountered the sunburnt visage ; of an old acquaintance, a former overseer of O'Gra- , dy's, whom I believed ltd be', somewhere in:the : great saltbush ocean. of Riverina at that very . moment. ' " ;¡ " Why, Johnny Brahagan," said I, incredulously, ;: " am I to believe that this is yourself, in the flesh?: You look fairly , well for-'a ghost. . But I' never '; dreamed you were anywhere but ut Tarrango,-;i joldree,. where I last, met, you, . mustering. Tat-' cattle." -'.,'.. . ,.'? ?.,.: :...,, .-, ? ?.' ?-?<>,-?<} " Mr. Boldrewood," said the individual thus ad-;, dressed-a big, brown-faced, pleasant-looking man,!! about thirty, who. dressed in, n suit of rougn grey : tweed, and. round hat, was directing a party of. laborers busy at pulling down'and carting away a;, dilapidated stone wall- fit's à sight for sore eyes , to ; see. a gentleman from the: old place - again, i ' Didn't the governor tell you I was here ?" ''? « . '. "No, Johnny," answered Mauri'ce for himself;!: "sure I wanted tb give him a little start.; You eau tell him now that I thought a chango to a ' green- :. grass, country" would . do you good, and that you !. were due for it, after those dry seasons in that howling desert of a Yarrangajeldree." .j " Well) sir, it's all very well for' a year or two ; . and it was rather a blessing for tho first months to have ne flies or mosquitoes to think about, and nb fear of the Water drying) up. It's, à ripping grass : country about here,'thougn it's "awful wet, and! eaten up alive with 'free selectors'-I moan people." ? , ''." . ' " And how do you think life in the old country will suit you, Johnny P" I further inquired: . " Oh, I'm not' going to LIVK here, sir," returned; the Australian, quickly and 'decidedly. "Mr. O'Grady only had me home for a couple of years te. help knock this'.'plftçe.irito, working order," he gays. I couldn't liv© here, not if you was t» make me a present of the lot, purchased'land' and all. It's too small; no oxtent of country, no chance to get on in lifo. My pesple came from about here, and I'm glad I'vo seen it. But give me the open country.for it." ... '. .'. , 'Tm riot sure but that I'm of your opinion, Johnny," I answered; "for the present, ut' any rate, one don't knewhow they may feel when they are old. You and I may be glad to sit down in a settled district yet, eh ?B " Can't say how it may. bo when a man's grey, or usod up, or married, or something of that sort, sir," said lie reflectively, i" But I want a few years more mustering, or e.\ploring; or camping out, before I'm put on the tether, er paddocked up in a place like this. How the'fellows stand it lu these parts licks me. ? But I think I'vo opened some of their eyes for'em." ",'', . "I think yeu haye, Johnny," said Maurice, ap- provingly; "we shall see a geod many Galway faces on tho Narran and the Lachlan, by-and-by." . "Seme of tho youngsters are getting pretty restless," answered the henchman, " and all the bottsr for 'em. Pine chaps, too"; I'should like .' to have the breaking in of them when they comb out/' . ? . . ' - ? ?? ?? ' -- ' ' ?"' " So you shall, Johnny,"; said his master ;." you will be tlie boy to llanillo thorn till they come to their bearings. They won't be '? able- tell you; any yarns about what they were, used to at.hbmo." 1 "I think not, sir, and wo shall got an together all the better for it. Good- bye, Mr.,B»ldrowood.J! Here we rode towards another pnrt of. the' estate, whore O'Grady had a small flock of pure.Spanish merinos, which he had been at some considerable cost to procure from their own. country, and from which, as they were «f the highest known lineage, and from à " cabana" of utterly inestimable value, he expected a stud flock which would render Bur rawanga a kind of Mecca , in the merino faith of the period. ; . " I wont over to Spain myself, me boy, on their account, saw a bull-fight, nnd croBsed some of the plains of Estramadura. Wonderfully like Australia in many rospects. No wonder both nations went intothefinowool-producingbusiness. The samehot, stony plains, the samo style of watercourses, the same rocky ravines. Only one country is,station- ary or retrograde; tho other is advancing with tho speod of nn express train towards wealth, power, and civilization." - ' I :% : "Thank you kindly. Maurice, as you say inj these parts ; and so you did not consider my nerves, and permitted me to como across,'Johnny Branagan, without warning." V ", .-',,:?.;,!> "I did thon. I wanted your.opinion about.tho: speculation, without any explanation beforehand.; And Johnny is a part, and fa, very important (part, of the whole grand idea." .'.; ','/',:.' V'?' " Well it is a grand idea, Maurice," said I,." and worthy of yoH. People in Australia used to-say your heart was as good as your, head ; and so they wondered you over made any money." . ' Ho grasped my hand, and wrung it without speaking. ; - - , " I was lucky.JRolf, mo boy, lucky. Didn't I-lose all my monoy but a few hundreds, and toss up in rale earnest whether I Bhould gb back to Ireland, or try a last chance in Australia. If. came down ' heads,' und I laid out ray last hundred pounds in. cattle-(deuced near drowned they were, too, crossing tho Murray). I made cent, per cent, on thom, und never touched any thing that didn't poy after. And now, please God, what I havo will benefit others beside myself." "You dosorvo ovory shilling you have made," said I ; " but you wero going to toll mo about Johnny Branagan." " Bedail ! ho's my grand idea intirolv. I have a notion that I should havo inailo a Tallyrand or a Bismarck if I'd taken to P. O. instead of tho Colonial Dopartmont. Woll, I was smoking ono ovening after breaking my hoart oxplaining to a lot of grout strong aivils with nothing to do, what a groat country Australia was. Thoy iistoned with politonoss, but I waa ¡doubtful if they believed a word I said. 'Sure, 1 wanted to got thom away,' they thought, ' to a hot ftirrin pince, where they'd bo sold into slavery, maybe, or oat up by wild bastos.' What will 1 do, thought I, to SHOW thom what sort of man an Irishman turns into out there." " Now I seo-so you thought of Johnny» Couldn't havo hit on a botter ' sample.' " "You have it. I had just got a letter front Hawkur, my genoral manager, to say that Johnny Branagan had como down with tho tenth lot of fat cattle in six months, and that ho looked rather overworked, and complained 'of his eyes. So, I wroto at onco, and had him sont home, and hero ho is; and ho's worth moro to mo ns an advertise- ment for tho colonios than a dozon emigration lecturers." '. How is that P" I inquired. " Well, I can rofor to him, you seo. Look thoro,' I say, ' yo spalpeens, there's a man for yo i go and wrostlo a bout with him, mid seo if tho heat has rolaxod his muscles. Yon know wlutt a great, poworful, activo chnp he is.' " , "Yes indcod," I said ; " don't you ' remombor hts picking up that stockyard post and putting it on hia shoulders at Wnrgildah ? There was not ano- ther man at tho muster could dc» it." " Suro, ho has an arm Uko a horse's leg. Then, ho is a smart, honest, sober chap, and can keep accounts wall, and roods a little, and -writes a pretty good fist. Don't ye remember his grandfa- ther," I continued, " Thady Branagan, that rented two acres of mountain land; and had the sense to lave it for Botany Bay f " " We do," they all said ; " that is, ould Patsey Kyan torrid us." "And what do you think of Johnny, thon P" I demanded of them; "do ye think it would bo any harm to see yonr gossoons growing, up like him ? Do you know I give him ¿100 a year; and he'll, maybe, have à station of his own some day ?" "Begora," Baid the spokesman, a shrewd fellow enough, "he's a p-intfemon, that's what he is; he might stay wid. us and set np for a ' half-sir,! only that he has no pride at all-ot all." Tho divil resayo the. bit of pride! Sure, he'll sit down--wid us and smoke, and tell stories of the wild cattlo and the kangaroos, and hunting the quare bastes of birds with dogs-by the hour together." " They were convorted then ?" ^ j " Yes, every mother's son of thom. Johnny acted ~as a Bort of native missionary, and by degrees they would como and ask his advice, and listen with an undoubting belief that no stranger or landlord could havo commande*}." " I suppose they saw he could work P" " Why yes, in tue hay-fiold, or reaping, mowing, stacking (ho was a small farmer's son, you knowj. Nono of them could como near him. Then his riding ana shooting used to make them store. He is a drollfellow too, in n quiet way, and in the end became amazingly popular." \- (TO BB CONTXNDltDj - 