THE TRAIL OF THE SERPENT. nooic THE THIRD. A HOLY INSTITUTION.' CIIAP'l'Elt V. THE KINO OF SPADES. BY TUB AUTHOR OF Lady Amlley's Secret," " Aurora itc., &.C., ,(c. Floyd," VALERIE, still seated before tbe little table, watches liirn with fixed eyes, wailing for him to speak. In the.utter shipwreck of her every hope this adventurer is the only anchor to which she cpu cling. Presently he says in his most easy and indifferent manner— "It was the custom at the close of the fifteenth and throughout the sixteenth century for the ' ladies "of Italy to acquire a certain knowledge of the principles of Chemistry. Of course, at the head of these ladies we must place Lucretia Borgia.'' Monsieur Blurosset nods an assent. Valerie looks from .Raymond to'tbe blue spectacles; but the face of the chemist testifies no shade' of'surprise at tho singularity of Raymond's observation. " Then," continued Monsieur Marolles, " if a lady was d(reply injured or cruelly insulted by the man she loved; if her pride was trampled in the dust, or her name and her weakness .held up to lidicule and contempt— then she knew how to avenge herself ana to defy the world. A tender pressure of the traitor's band; a flower or a ribbon given as n pledge of love; the leaves of a book hastily turned over with the tips of moistened fingers —people, had such vulgar habits in those days —and .behold the gentleman died, and no one was any tbe wiser but the worms, with whose constitutions aqua tofana at second hand may possibly'have disagreed." " Vultures have died from. the effects of poisoned . ca-rion," muttered Monsieur ^Blurosset. " But in this degenerate age," continued aytinraci, " wfrsrt-caaa u r Parisian ladies dc •when they have reasoifl __ d on a I ~ oivfu traitor ? - The poor blunderers can only givf him halt a pint of laudanum, or an ounce o so of arsenic, and run the risk of detection half'an hour after his death! I think that time is a circle, and that we retreat as we advance,' in spite of our talk of progress." tlis horrible words, thrice horrible when contrasted with the coolness of his easy manner,^ freeze Valerie to the Yery heart; but she does not make one effort to interrupt him. "Now, my good Blurosset," ho resumes, what I want of you is this. Something which will cliange a glass of wine into a death-warrant, but which will defy the scrutiny of a college of physicians. This lady wishes to take a lesson in chemistry. She will, of coarse, only experimentalise on rabbits, iand she is so tender-hearted that, as you see, she shuddeis even at the thought of that little cruelty. For the rest to repay you for your trouble, if you will give. her pen and ink, she will write yeu an order on her banker -for five thousand francs."' . Monsieur Blurosset appears no more surprised at this request than if he had been asked for a glass el water. He goes to a cabinet, ^hich he opens, and after a .little search selccts a small tin box, from wkioh he takes a few grains of white powder, which he screws carelcssly in a scrap of newspaper. 'He is so much accustomed to handling theso ^compounds that he treats them with -very small ceremony. ^ "It is slow poison," "lie cays. '"-For a full grown rabbit use the eighth part of what ..you hare there; the whole of It would poison a man; but death in cither case would not be immediate. The -operation'of the poteon occupies some hours before it terminates fatally." " Madame will use it with discretion," says Raymond; " do not Tear." Monsieur Blurosset holds out'tbe little packet us if-expecting -Valerie to take it.; -she recoils With a ghastly lace, and shudders as she loola from tho chemist to Raymond Marolles. " fn this dogeccmats «gej" eayg Raymond looking her steadily in tbe face, our " women cannot redress their own wrongs, however deadly those-wrongs may be ; they most have fathers,(brothers, or uncles to fight,for ihem, | and the world.to.witness the struggle. Bah i rj ? .'There is not a 'woman in .France who . is any 1 j i Letter than a sentimental schoolgirl." r .Valeric stretches out iier email hand to re- \- .1 -ogive the packet. • " (Jive me the pen, monsieur'," -says' she ; : and the chemist presents her a half-sheet on which she writes hurriedly an order on her banker?, which she -tjgos .in lull with her maiden name. AronsicurUlurossetUodked over the paper as she wrote. " Valerie 'ide Cevennes'!" 'he 'exclaimed. • "I did notknowl was honored by -so aris :{oorat»o',a visitor." Valerie put her'band to her "head os -if 1 bewildered. " My name''."she muttered, ' I •forgot, I forgot." What' ao you fear madame V asked Raymond, wi'h a smile. "Are -you not :nmong'friends?" ; (*'.'Por pity's sake, monsieur," she said, '«5giveme your arm, and take me back to tbe carriage! I shall drop down dead if I stay longer in this-room." ' 'Hie blue spectacles contemplated her gravely for a' moment. Monsieur Blurosset -. laid one cold Land upon her pulse, and with ithe other took a little bottle from the cabinet, •out of which lie gave his visitor a few drcps of p transplant Jigqid. :; ... _ . <]"jS)ie will do now, 1 ! be said to Raymond, " till you get her home;.then see that alio takes this," he • afided, handing Monsieur M&rolIeB; another phial; "it is an opiate which tVjill procure sixlioura' sleep. Without; which she would go mad." '•^ilnymondied "Valeriefrom the room ; but, onceou(sijie, her head-fell.heavjly on bis shoulder^ and^he ma obliged, to carry her ^ow£lhelBteBpstairs. : • ii. : . V I think,", jhe,muttered to himself as he • went out into the courtyard with his unconscious fcunien/ ."I#5nk we liars sealed the doom of ibe king dfepades!" -ciiAl'l'fiti vr. "" JKto " > J ~ •• * OLASS^OF SPINE. i«UjCDN 6 "little table ID the botidoir of the ^pVJlfot) my * letter.' It-was tlie first thing :de<Laney. beheld on entering the half an hour after slio had left the apartment of Monsieur Blurosset. This letter was in the handwriting ot her husband, and it bore the post mark of Rouen. Valerie's face told her companion whom the letter came from before she took it in her hand. " Read it," he said, coolly. " It contains his excuses, no doubt. Let us see what pretty story he has invented. In his early prolessional career his companions surnamed him Baron Munchausen." Valerie's hand shook as she broke the seat; but she read the letter carefully through, and then turning to Raymond she said— " You are right; his excuse his excellent, only a little too transparent: listen. " 'The reason of my absence from Paris'— (absence from Paris, and to-night in the Bois de Boulogn*)—' is most extraordinary. At the conclusion of tbe opera last night, I was srmmoned to the stage-door, where I found a messenger waiting for me, who told me he had come post-haste from Rouen, where my mother was lying dangerously ill, and to implore me, if I wished to see her before her death, to start for that place immediately. Even my love for -you, which you know, Valerie, is the absorbing passion of my life, was forgotten in such a moment. I had no means of communicating with you without endangering our secret. Imagine, then, my surprise on my arrival here, to find that my mother is in perfect health, and had of course sent no messenger to me. I fear in this mystery some conspiracy which threatens tho safety of our secret. I shall be in Paris to-niglit, but too late to see you. To-morrow, at dusk, I shall be at the dear little pavilion, once more to be blest by a smile from the only eyes I love.—GASTON DE LANCY.' " "Rather a Wandering epistle," muttered Raymond. I should really have given him credit for something better. You will receivc him *,o-morrow evening, madame ?" She knew so well tbe purport of this question that her hand almost involuntarily tightened on the little packet given her by Monsieur Blurosset, which she had held all this time, but she did not answer him. "You will receivo him to-morrow; or by to-morrow night all Paris will know of this romantic but rather ridiculous marriage, it will be in all the newspapers—caricaturcd in all the. print-shops; Charivari will have -'•'ord or two aboutjt, apdJittleJjoys will cry * jn the * streets, a full, true, and particuiai Account for only one sou6. But then, as 1 said before, you arc superior to your sex, and. perhaps you will not mind this kind of thing." " I shall see him to-morrow evening at dusk," she said, in a hoarse whisper not pleasant to hear; " and [ shall never sec him again after to-morrow." " Once more, then, good night," says Raymond. "But stay, Monsieur begs you will take this opiate. Nay," he muttered with a laugh as she looked at him strangely, " you may be perfectly assured of its harmlessness. Remember, I have not been paid yet." He bowed, and left the ropm. She did not lift her eyes to look at him as he bade her adieu, i'-hose hollow tearless eyes were fixed on the letter she held in her left hand. She was thinking of the first time she saw this handwriting, when every letter seemed a character inscribed in fire, because his hand bad ebaped it, 1 when the tiniest scrap of paper covered with the most ordinary words was a precious talisman, a jewel of more price than the diamonds of all the Cevennes. The Short winter's day died out, and through the dusk a young man, in a thick greatcoat, walked -rapidly along the broad quiet street in which the pavilion stood. Once or twice be looked round to assure himself that be was unobserved. He tried the handle of the little wooden door, found it unfastened, opened it softly, and went in. In a few minutes he was -in the boudoir, and by the side of Valerie. The girl's proud face was paler than when he had Inst seen it; and when he tenderly asked the reason of this change, she said— " I.have been anxious about you, Gaston. IYOU can scarcely wonder." " The voice too, even your voiceis changed." he said anxiously. " Stay, surely I am the victim of no juggling snare. It is—it is Valerie." The little boudoir was only lighted by the wood fire burning on the low hearth. He drew her towards the blaze 4 and looked her full in the face. " You would sc. reely believe me," he said : " but for the moment I half doubted if it were really you. The false alarm, the hurried journey,'one thing and another have upset me so completely, that you seemed changed— altered;-Lean scarcely tell how, but altered very much." She seated : herself ia the easy-chair by the hearth. There was an embroidered velvet footstool at her feet, and he placed himself on this, and sat looking up in her face. She laid ber-slender hands-on his dark hair, and looked straight into his eyes. Who shall read her thoughts at this moment f She had learnt to despise him, but «he bad never ceased to love him. She had cause to bate him; but she could scarcely have, told whether the bitter anguish which rent her heart were neater akin to love or hate*." - - • • "Pshaw, Gaston !" she exclaimed, "you are full of-foolish fancies to-night. And I, you see, do not offer to reproach you once for the uneasiness you have caused me. See how readily I aooept your excuse for your absence, and never breathe one doubt^of its trutb. Now, were I a jealous or suspicious woman, I might have a hundred doubts. I might think you did not love me, and ; fancy that your absence was a voluntary one. I might even be so foolish as to picture you with another whom you loved better than me." "Valerie!" he said, reproachfully, raising her small band to his lips. " Nay," she cried, witTi & light laugh, " this might be. the thought, of a j woman. .But could I think so of you, iSaston ?" ;" Haik S" lie said, starting and rising hastily, " did you not bear something ?" "What?" -v . " A rustling sound bj that door—tbe dod.^ of your ifrjessing- roora. Finette.is not thof X. is she ?. J left her in the anteroom belofjp^ " No, no, Gaston ; there is no one thefe / -tbis is another of your silly ' He glanced uneasily towards tbe door, but re-seated himself nt her/det, And looked opce more upward to >thp^proudIy*beautiful face. Valerie did not tot/K>at ber companion,lint at the fire Jiep'-tfark eves were nxed upon the blaze, •ohd'we'teemed ; almost unconscious ol Gastgvf^e Lancy's presence. hat dld elie see in the red light ? Her itfreckedjjioulJ SiJ3ie^liirii .df;aer hopes f The ghost of her dead happiness ? The image of a long and dreary future, in which the love on whose foundation she bad built a bright and peaceful life to come could have no part ? What did she see ? A warning arm stretched out to save her from the commission of a dreadful deed, which, once committed, must shut her out from all earthly sympathy, though not perhaps from heavenly forgiveness; or a stern finger pointing to the dark end to which she hastens with a purpose in her heart so strange and 'earful to lier she scarcely can believe it is her own, or that she is herself? With her left band still upon tbe dark bnir —which even now she could not touch without a tenderness, that, having no part in her nature of to-day, seemed like 6omerelic of the wreck of the past—she stretched out her right arm towards a table near her, on. which there were some decanters and glasses that clashed with a silvery sound under her touch. " I must try and cure you of your fancies, Gaston. My physician insists on ray taking every day nt luncheon a glass of that old Madeira of which my uncle is 60 fond. They have not removed the wine—you shall take some; pour it out yourself. See, here is the decanter. 1 will hold tbe glass for you." She held the antique diamond-cut glass with a steady hand wliilo Gaston poured the wino into it. The light fiom the wood fire flickured, and he spilt some of the Madeira over her dress. Tliey both laughed at this, and her laugh rang out the clearer of the two. There was a third person who laughed ; but his was a silent laugh. This third person was Monsieur Msrolles, who stood within the half-open door that led into Valerie's dressing, room. "So," he says to himself, "this is even better than I had hoped. I feared his handsome- face would shake her resolution. Tho light in those dark eyes is very beautiful, no doubt, but it has not long to burn." As the firelight flashed upon the glass, Gaston held it-for a moment between his eyes and the blaze, " Your uncle's wine is not very clear," he said; " but I would drink ihe vilest vinegar j from the worst tavern in Paris, if you poured it out for me, Valerie 1 " ! • -As he emptied the glass the little timepiece . truck six. " I uiust go, Valerie. I play Gennaro in Lucretia Borgitf,-£r!'l,the King is to be at the ,'ieatre to-night. You will crime ? I shall not sing well if you are not there." " Yes, yes, Gaston." ^ ] She laid her baud upon her head as she spoke. " Are you ill ?" he asked anxiously. " No, it is nothing. Go, Gaston; you must not keep bis Majesty waiting," she said. I wonder whether as she spoke there rose the image in her mind of a King who reigns in undisputed power over the earth's wide face ; wiiosn throne no revolution ever shook; whose edict no creature ever yet set aside, and to whom all terrible things give place, owning liirn the King of Terrors! The young man took his wife in his arms and pressed his lip to her forehead. It was damp with a deadly cold perspiration. " I am sure von are ill, Valerie" he said. She shivered violently, but pushing him towards tbe door, said, " No, no, Gaston ; gn, I implore you; ycu will be late; at the theatre you will see me. Till then, adieu." He was gone. Sbe closed the door upon hiin rapidly, and with one long shudder fell to the grmind, s'.riking her head against the gilded uioulitin; : h of the door. Monsieur Marolles emerged j ] from die shadow, and lifting her from the 0 floor, placed her in tbe chair by the hearth.; i Her head fell heavily back upon tbe velvet : i cushions, but her large black eyes were open. o I have said before, this woman was not sub-1 s ject to fainting fits. h She caught Raymond's hand in hers with l a convulsive grasp. " Madame," he said, " you have shown ourself indeed a daughter of the haughty a ine of the De Cevennes. You have avenged ! w I yourself most nobly." The large black eyes did not look nt him. They were fixed on vacancy. Vacancy ? No ! there could be no such thing as vacancy for this woman. Henceforth for her the whole earth must be filled with one hideous phantom. There were two wine-glasses on tho table which stood a little way behind the low chair in which Valerie was seated—very beautiful lasses, antique, exquisitely cut, nnd emlilazoned with the arms of the De Cevennes. In one of those glasses, the one from which Gaston de Lancy had drunk, there remained a few drops of wine, and a little white sediment, Valerie did not see Raymond, as with a stealthy hand he removed tbis glass from tbe table, and put it in the pocket of his great coat. He looked once more nt her as she sat with rigid mouth and staring eyes, 8nd then he said, as be moved towards the door,— " I shall see you at tbe opera, madame ! I shall be in tbe stalls. Yuu will be, with more than your wonted brilliancy and beauty, tbe centre of observation in the box next to tbe King's. Remember, that until to-night is over, your play will not be played out Au revoir, madame. To-morrow I shall say mademoiselle 1 For to-morrow the secret marriage of Valerie de Cevennes with an opera-singer will only be a foolish memory of the past." CHAPTER VII. THE LAST ACT OF LUCRETIA BORQIA. Two hours after this interview in the pavilion Iiaymond Marolles is seated in bis old place in tbe front row of the stalls. Several times during the prologue and the first act of tbe opera bis glass seeks __ tbe box next to that • J the King, I" aiwimto findYempty^ the curtfin has fallen on the w the firs, act, the quiet watcher raises his glass onc_ taiore, ana sees Valerie enter, leaning on lier uncle's arm. - tier dark beauty loses nothing by its unusual- pallor, and her eyes to-night "iave 'a brilliancy which, to tue admiring £rowd, who know so little and so little care to l^now the secrets of her proud soul, is very beautiful. Sbe wears a high 'dress of dark |jreen velvot, fastened at tbe throat with one small diamond ornament, which trembles and emits bright scintillations of rainbow light. The sombre dress, her deadly pallor, and tbe strange fire in her eyes, give to her beauty of to-night a certain peculiarity which renders her more than usually the observed of all observers. . She 6e&ts; herself directly facing tbe stage, laying down lier costly bouquet, which is of one pure white, being composed entirely of orange- flotwrS, snowdrops, and jnsmitie, a t d s s mixture ot winter, summer, and hot-house blossoms for which her florist knows how to charge bar. She veils the intensity which is the distinctive character of her face with a weary liBtless glance to-night. She does not once look rouud the house. She has no need to look, lor it seems as if without looking she can see the pale face of Monsieur Marolles, who lounges with his back to the orchesta, and his opera-glass in his hand. The Marquis de Cevennes glances at tie programme of the opera, and throws it away from him with a dissatisfied air. "That abominable poisoning woman !" he says ; " when will the Parisians bo tired of horrors ?" Ilis niece raises bar -eyebrows slightly, but does not lift her eyelids is sho says—" Ah, when, indeed 1" " I dnn't like these subjects,"' continued the marquis. " Even the handling of a Victor Uugo cannot make them otherwise than repulsive: and then again, there is something to be said on the score of their evil tendency. They set n dangerous example. Lucretia Borgia, in black velvet, avenging an insult according to the rules of high art and to the musio of Donizetti is very charming, no doubt; but we don't want our wives and daughters to learn how they may poison us without I'enr of detection. What do yon say, llinval ?" he asked, turning to a young officer who had just entered the box. " Do you think [ am right ?" " Entirely, my dear marquis. The representation of such a hideous subject is a sin agaidst beauty and innocence," he said, bowing to Vaierie. " And, though the music is very exquisite' " Yes," said Valerie, " my uncle cannot help admiring the music. How have they been singing to night ?" " Why, strange to say, for oncn De Loncy has disappointed his admirers. Ilis Gennaro is a very weak performance." Indeed!" She takes her bouquet in her hand and plays with the drooping blossom of a snowdrop. " A weak performance ? You surprise me really !" She might be speaking | of tlift flowers she holds, from tbe perfect indifference of her tone, " They say he is ill," continues Monsieur Rinval. " He almost broke down in the ''Pescator iguobile.' But the curtain has risen—wo shall have the poison scene soon and you can judge for yourself." She laughs. "Nay," she says, "I have never been so enthusiastic an admirer of this young man as you are, Monsieur Rinval. 1 should not think the world bad come to an end if^ fie'issppsned to sing a false note." The young Parisian beet over her chair, admiring her grace and beauty—^aSiniririH, perhaps, more than all, the haughty indifference with which she spnke of the operasinger, as if he were something too far removed from her sphere for her to be in ei, rilest about him even even for one moment, | M|oht he not have wandered even more, if be ( mj a(j mireii tier less, could behave known , tj jat as si, e ] 00k ed up at him with a radiant , f a(;Ci g| ie C0„Hi not even see him standing | c| ose beside lier; that to her clouded sight 1 t| le opera-house was only a confusion of „.. ivj n!r jjjrhts and burningeves ; and that, in the midst of a chaos of blood and fire, she saw the vision of her lover and her husSand dying by tbe hand that had caressed him ? " Now for the banquet scene," exclaimed Monsieur Rinval. " Ah ! there is Gennaro. Is he not gloriously handsome in ruby velvet and gold ? That clubbed Venetian wig becomes him. It is a wig, I suppose." "Oh, no doubt. That sort of people owe alf their beauty to wigs, ami white and red (aj nti d 0 tb^y not ?" she asked, conte/nptu- 1JS)... aDd even as 6| le 6], 0ke sbe was thinkn„ of t[, e dark Hair which her white fingers 111(1 smootl,ed away from the broad brow so (- teni ja tj, at tj me w|,j c| J] &0ne by a few ], ort <j ays. j 6eeme(i centuries ago to her. She ad suffered tbe anguish of a life-liiue^fn osing the bright dream of her life. "See," said Monsieur Rinval, }" Gennaro [jns the poisoned goblet in his hand, lie is cti£g ver). badly. He is supporting himsell i,|fr one | land on ,j, e back of that chair, hough he has not yet drunk the fatal De Lancy was indeed leaning on an antique for support. Once he passed his hand across his forehead, as if to collect his senses, but ho drank the wine, and went on with the music. Presently, however, every performer in tbe orchestra looked up as if thunderstruck. He had left off singing tbe middle of a concerted piece; but the Maffeo Orsini took up the passage, and the opera fioceeded. " lie is either ill, or be does not know the music," said Monsieur Rinval. " If the last, it is really shameful; and he presumes on the indulgence of the public." " It is always tue cose with these favorites, is it not ?" asked Valerie. At this moment the centre of the stage was thrown open. There entered first a procession of black and shrouded monks singing a dirge. Next, pale, haughty, and vengeful tlie terrible Lucretia burst upon the scene. Scornful and triumphant she told tbe companions of Gennaro that their doomWOE sealed, pointing to where, in the ghastly background, were tanged five coffins, waiting for tbeir destined occupants. Tho audience, riveted by the scene, awaited that thrilling question of Gennaro. " Then, madame, where is the sixth ?" nnd as De Lancy emerged from behind his comrades every eye was fixed upon him. He advanced townrds Lucretia, tried to sing, but bis voice broke on the first note: he caught with bis hand convulsively at his throat, staggered a pace or two forward, and then fell heavily to the floor. There was immediate consternation and confusion on tb* stage; chorus and singers crowded roun 'B; one of the singer£.k*mlfc do ftp hy l» W^j 1 . Ws £ead. As he did so, tl l u " tt J n «•»suddenly. ' ^ " I was certain be was ill^' said Monsieur 'Rinval, " I fear it must be epdi " It is rather an uncharitable suggestion," said tbe marquis; but do you not think it There was a great buzz of surprise amongst the andienoe, and in about three minutes one of the performers came befpjp the curtain, and announced ;tbat in consequence of the sudden and alarming ill nessof Monsieur de Lancy it was impossible to conclude the opera. Ue requested tlie indulgence of the audience for & .favoritejballet wb"ich would commence 'immediately! The orchestra began the -overture g'f tbe ballet, and several of the audience rose to' leave the bouse..,,, " Will you stop nnvlonger, Valerie f or has this dismal finale dispirited you IV etid the marquis. •• " A little," said Valeria; " besides, we have promised to look in at Madame Vcnnanville's m concert before going to the duchess's boll. Monsieur Riuval belpecUo ^ cloak, and then offered hg'hisVnn, Asfthey passed from tbe greet entj^ncejK) tlio caifUtre of the marquis, Valerie drojipe|li)ier boumpit. A gentleman advanced from Hhex.crowdjjfind restored it to her. " I congratulate you affkilnppiur strength of mind, as on your beauty, mademoiselle I" he said, in a whisper too low lor her companions to hear, but with a terrible emphasis on tbe last word. As she stepped into tlie carriage, she heard a bystander say— ugm HID, DtllU IUUHOIUUI IVlllVUl| niunill|; up the carriage window, " how very Shocking ! De Lancy is dead ! _ m '. Valerie did not utter one exclamation at this announcement. She was looking steadily out of the opposite window. She was counting the lamps in the streets through the mist of a winter's night. "Only twenty-BOvop.!" she criud hysterically, " only twenty- seven !" It might have been thirty-seven, fortyseven, fifty-seven ! But he despised bor love; be trampled out die bast feelings of her soul; so it was only twenty-seven! Marvellously handsome, and only twenty-seven 1 " For Heaven's soke open tbe'windows and stop the the carriage, Rinval !" ciied tho marquis—" I'm sure my niece is ill." She burst into a long ringing latlglt. " My dear uncle, iyou rire quite mistaken waB never, better in tny life; but it seems to me as if the death of-ttiis opora-singer had driven everybody mad." They d.ovo rapidly horpo' and toolt lier into the house. Tho maid Finette' begged that her mistress might be carried to the pavilion, but tlie marquis overruled lier, end -bad iiis niece taken into her old suite of apartments in the mansion. The first physicians in Paris were sent for, and when they came they pronounced her to be seized by a brain-fever, which promised to be a very terrible one. CHAPTER VIII. DAD DREAMS AND A WORSE WAKINO. THE sudden and melancholy death of Gaston de Lancy caused a considerable sensation throughout Paris :mpre e.sjippwlly^s jt was attributed by man/So 'poiVofi'. * Cy inio'tn administered-,'or from whatmotive, none could *ruess. There was one story, however, circulated that was believed! by «oui6 neop)e, "^bpsKc!, iirirs appsSisaar of 'probaOuVty./ It was reported that on the afternoon pre-f w coeding tho night • • on which •• • Da " Lancy died, J- J i a strauger had obtained admission behind the scenes of the opera-house, and bad been seen in earnest conversation with the man whose duty it was to provide the goblets of wine for tbe poison scene in Lucretia llorgia. Soma went so far as to say, that this stranger had bribed the man to put the contents t>f a small packet into the bottom of the tlass given on che stage to De Lancy. But so improbable a story was believed by very \few, and, of course, stoutly denied by themdn in -qnbsticn. The doctors attributed tbe deatlAof the young man to apoplexy. There was ud inquest held on his remains; and at the wish of bis mother, he was buried at Rouen, and his Juneral was no doubt o peculiarly quiet one, fo'f no one Was allowed when near the fceremomal'took place. Paris soon forgot its favorite. A few en- gravings of hiin, in one or two ol ..his great characters, lingered Tor some tiuie in the windows of the- fashionable print-shops. Brief memoirs of him appeared. in several papers, and in one or two magazinesnnd in a couple of weeks he was forgotten, If he had been a gieat general, or a great minister, it is possible that he would not have been remembered much longer. The new tenor had a fair complexion and blue eyes, and had two extra notes of ialsetto. So the opera house wag as brilliant as evdr, though there was for the time being a prejudice among opera-goers and operaslagers against Lucretia Borgia, and that opera was put on .the shelf for the remainder of the season. A month after the <Jeatb of De Lancy the physician pronounced . Mademoiselle de Cevennes sufficiently recovered to bo removed from Paris to her uncle's chateau in Normandy. Her illness had b&b; &tieifible; one. For many days sbe had been delirious. Ah, who shall paint the fearful dreams of that delirium ! —dreams, of the anguish of which her disjointed sentences copld' tell so little ? The face of the man she ( had loved liod liauntea ber in every place, wearing every expression —now thoughtful, now spavklingwith vivacity, now cynical, now :melanoholy; l»ut always distinct and palpable, and always before her night and day. The scene of ber fiftt meeting with him; her secret marriage; -the little chapel a few miles oat of Paris ; the old priest ; the bitter discovory ln the Bole de^Botilogne —the scene of his treachery ; the larap-lit. apartments of Moasiour <ie Blurosset,'; th^ cards end the poisons. Eteiy action of tbis dark period of her ilife she acted over in her disordered brain afain and again a hundred times through the Jong* day, %nd a hundred times more tlitougli the still longer night. .So when at the expiritioh of -a month, -she wo! strong enough tii wdlk from nne room ti another, it was but a wreck o| this proud nnd lovely heiress whieh met lifer uhcle's eyes. Tbe chateau ofthe roarquiB, some miles from tbe town of Caen, jwas situated in a park which WBB as wild nnd uncultivated as a wood. A park full of old timber, and; warsliy reed, grounds dotted with pools of stagnant watel which in tbe good days of the old regime were beaten nightly by tbe submissive' peasantry v that monseignerir. tlie niWqu5s'tnigh|t'||e^> pn lis bedstead of ormphi ond jjiufiK A !jd jjojiis Duatorze, iindk'flrbei the croalungof the frogs. ""•*. ~ Everything afcmodjwasffelltng, ^nto.i ruin^ the cbateaq,Jwiy>eaP sacked,«njipne wing of it burnt down jn the year 1793 ; and tbe present marquii then Atvery . little boyy : hafl fled with his father to the hospitable chores of England, wberd for more tbari twenty 'years of bis life tie ^i^'^^'^'^^lr^^iit,^ obscurity, te'aclung* sometimes 'bis qVtiye language, sometimes :tnBthematics,', sometimes music, someu'ntfes.^ite!,^^tlnrijr,spmet$mes another;' forhis flatly' bMari.^Bat* wim "flrf restorntion of the BourbonB came-tbe restoration of the mnrqtiis to title ftprj fortupe. A wealthy morriaLe 'witli-ibe^ indo#" W'ii 1 !^ BabmpntirtHrared ^tiit^^D^lfpiM^, to its former gnbideur; and looking "now '*ai' the proud and stately head of that house, it was a difficult f iJogsto'imagihe that tbis man had ever taugH; r.puwpi] an^atl - tnaticB, for a iflw qhUjmga a .Jesson,,,.^ J lies dfop£!nglfshgntaaracturing The dreary park. jvbich surrounded the still ora dreary and tumble-down chateau, was \yhite with tlie/ajlon pnow, through which tbe • R i or'nmr'liervanjii.'.the neighboring "••lanjtry, comthg IjMfkwaKlsimd forwards with e rnessage?or; confttiissipn ifrom.tbe' village, ied|knaa-I^Mr.^weliw'nigh' ibst ttijim- - eSHa some nfiffipoctedUiollow where tlie wliite drifts had swept and lay collected in masses whose depths wore dangerous. Tlie dark oak-panelled apartments appropriated to Valerio looked out upon the snow-clad wilderness ; and very dismal they seemed in tlie dyinc February day. Grim pictures of dead-and-aon'e branches of this haughty house stared and frowned from their heavy frames at the pale girl, half seated, half reclining in a great easy-chair in the window. One mail-clad baron, who had fought and fallen at disastrous Agincourt, -held an uplifted axe, and in the evening - shadow it seemed to Valerie, as if he raisd it with a threatening glance beneath Ilis heavy brows, which took a purpose and a meaning aT'tb'e" painted "eyes met hers. And turn which way she.would, tlio oyes of iheso dark portraits seemed to - follow her ; sometimes threateningly; sometimes reproachfully, sometimes with a melancholy look fraught -with a strange and ominous ladness that chilled her to the soul.' Logs of wood burned on tbe great hearth supported by massive iron dogs, and their flickering light falling now here nnd now there, left always the corners of the large room in shadow. The chill white night looking in at the high window strove with the firelight for mastery, and won it, so that ttie cheery-teams playing bo-peep among tho quaint onk carving of the panelled walls and ceiling hid themselves abashed before tho qhill stare of tho cold steel-blue sky. Tho |rhite face .ofthe gick girl under this dismal light Ianke£awo&'$s*fetill and.lifeless as the 'face of her , grandmother, in powder and patches, simpering doivn at her from the wall. She sat alone—flo book near her, no sign of any. womanly Occupation in the great chamber no friend to wn[clvor tend her (for she had refused all companionship) ; she sat with listless hands drooping upon the velvet cushion -of her cliair, berJie'ad thrown back,as if in utter abandonment of all things on tbe face ofthe" wide earth, nnd "her dark eyes staring straight before her out into the dead waste of winter snow. So she lias sat since early morning; so she will sit till her maid comes to her and leads hqr to her dreary bedchamber. So sho sits hen her. undo visits her, and. tries every eans -j^-JiM^wrgfi-to , anvife.'i.fl. . , , wnilg, i or , fc^nff one W»KW Animation into that dead ife. Yes, it is the face of a dead woman. J)ead to hope, dead to love, dead to the past; still more utterly dead to a future, which, since it cannot restore tbe dead, can give her nothing. So the short February days, which seem so long to her, fude into the endless winter nights; - and for lipr the morning has no light, nor the darkness any shelter. Tbe consulations uf that holy Churcli, on which for ages past her ancestors have leant for succour as on a rock ot mighty and eternal strength, she dare not seek. Her uncle's chaplain, a white-haired old man who bad nursed her in his arms a baby, and who resides at.the ciuiteau, beloved and honored by all iironnd, comes to her every morning, and on each' visit tries anew to win her confidence ; but in vain. How can she pour into the cars of tbis good nnd benevolent old man tier dismal story ? Surely he would cast her from him with contumely and horror. So, iuipenitrnt and despairing, she wears out the time, nnd waits for death. Sometimes she thinks of the arch tempter who smoothed tbe path of prime 9<>d misery in which slio had trodden, nnd, who, in doing so seemed so much a part of herself, and so closely linked with her anguish and her revenge, that she often, ia the weakness of her shattered mind, wondered if there were indeed such a person, or.whether he might not be only the incarnation of her own dark thoughts. He bad spoken 'tbnugh of payment, of reward for his base services. If he were indeed human as her wretched self, why did he not come and claim his due ? As the lonely and impenitent woman pondered thus in the wintry dusk, her uncle entered the chamber in which she sat. "My dear Valerie" he said, "lamsorry to disturb you, but a person lias just arrived from Caen. Jle has travelled he says all the way from Paris to see YOU, and he knows that you will grant him an interview. I told him it was not likely you would do so, and that you certainly would not with my consent. Wlfbicati tlns perfioh'lio who has the impertinence to intrude at such a time as this 1 His pame is entirely unknown to me." ' ' He gave herb card. She looked ut it/ and read aloud— ; "' Monsieur Raymond Marolles.* Tbe person is quite right, my .dear uncle; I will see him."' "But, Valerie—1" remonstrated tbe marquis. She looked nt him, with her mother's proud Spanish bloodmantlingin herpalecheek. " My dear uncle," 6he said quietly, " it is hgreed between us, is it not, that I am in all things my own mistress, and that you have entire confidence In* me f When you cease to trust jne, wo bad" better bid each other iTa'rewell, for we can theh no longer live beneath the same roof." He looked with ^neimploringgljan^e at the : ii.flexibloJ»ce,jbutitJwas fixed 'death. "Tell tbom," she said, " to conduct Monsieur Marolles to this apartment. I must sjia him, end alone," .The marquis left her, and in a ieV moments Raymond entered the room, ushered in by the 1 groom of chambers. • '.He had the old air of. well-bred ,'a't.d 'fashionable indifferonce which so well beoau^ •him, and carried a light gold-headed ridinpwhip in bis hand. i : . . ' " MadbinoiselU," ' he' ; said. " will per jlirf|>s paVdon' thy; intrusion of ibis 'evebing.'' which can scarcely surprise her, if she will bi pleased to remember that more than & months has elapBed since a melancholy occurrence fit tbe Royal Italian "Opera House, and that I have some rigut to be impatient." She did not answer him immediately; for at this moment a servant entered, carrying a lamp, which he placed' on the table tiy lier side, anjl ^gftenvprds drew the heavy velvet curtfilriV idross The great ivitfddWJ shutting out the chill winter night You .ere »ery niu ju altered, mademoiselle said .Raymond, as he scrutinised the waa face underth^app.jighk'V, ; ti v " That is scarcely strange," she answered she answered, " I am not yet nocuBlipmed to criinSafad'c&mdtwWrtbe; mfemory oTitligfitly. \- (To be continued,) , • 