PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNIVERSARY, WALLAROO. The anniversary services of the Primitive Methodist rongrejation at Wallaroo, commenced on Sunday. 2Uth Dec., were continued on Christ inas Day *bv a largely attended tea meeting in the afternoon, and a public meeting in the ereniug. The Chapel was crowded on the latter occasion. The choir vigorously performed during the even ing several anthems, the voices being aided by the harmonium, well played by Miss Harman, and several other wind instruments of brass and wood. On the rostrum were the Rev. Messrs Kelly, Davidson, and Diment, and Mr Carrington Snicd ley, J.P. The Rev. Mr Kelly opened proceedings by engaging in prayer. The Rev. Win. Diment:, pastor of the congregation, then introduced Mr Sn.edley, who, he said, it- had been resolved toa.sk to he chairman on the occasion. (Applause). Mr Suiedley said he was glad to see on this beautiful Christmas Dav so large an assemblage now happily met as u Church, ftttd he congratu lated himself and them on the good work that was going on and extending in their midst, to the glorv of God and the good of tbei souls. He wished them a me.TV Christmas and a liappy w Year. (Applause) It was perfectly right to be happy and merry at Christmas. The Choir had just, been celebrating the blessed and joyous occasion, and they were generally exemplifying that their religion was a thing of joy and glad ness, much less to make them unhappy for ever. Let them show that religion was a good and happy thing Sincc the time when Adam was created many wonderful events had taken place, hut none was equal in importance to that t-hev that day celebrated, the birth of Christ. Christ had been born, died, and risen from the dead. If o event that had happened since the creation of Adam could compare in importance to them as Christmas, in the various incidents iu the li e of the Saviour—of the great and lasting reahtiesof the birth, death, and ascension of .lesus Christ. The attention of the whole of the Christian world was drawn lo the great event they that day celebrate i. (Applause). This congregation's duty was to wards those who broke lor them the bread of life. The Church depended too nnl<-h u(.on their ministers. They should remember that the con gregation to", had a work to perform if they loved the Saviour. If they expected their ministers to preach with the Holy Ghost, the membws of the congregation ought, by prayer and supplication at home to prepare themselves, as prepared ground, to receive the word of God. This, too, would take away all tendency to captiousnesS and fault find ing. When the ministers knew that they were uijborne by their congregations, they wou'.d carry out their office with a power hitherto uukuown to themselves and their congregations. (Applause) Tiiis he h-.id thought fit to place before them »hat evening. He would -ow call upon the Rev. Win. Diment-. a young minister who had given his heart to God, and whom he held in great respect. He had bad roiwiderobletwining in his vocation, and was walking before them in such a manner as to commend him to their esteem. Might he lon^ •ive in the vineyard of the Lord. (Applause ) He (Mr Smedlev) would now call upon Mr Diment for the financial statement. The Kev. William Diment, who arose amidst i demonstrations of approval, said that his duty was plain and not difficult. Their financial his torv and position w»s a« should fallow. The first item ill the income of the past had been £29 12s received fur the house on quarter day- The amount: oj' the giant was £lfi. The net. proceeds ofth0>| anniversary i<> 1873 was £26 9|t. Donations during the year £3 2s 4d. Gift from Moont* j Mines hy the delivery of lectures. £9 16s lid. | From East Moonta £1 5s 6d. From Wallaroo j Mines, £2 5•». From Kadina £2 2s. From the Rechaliites £3. From the Sons of Temperance £3. From Sabbath School, £-1 7s 4d. From seat rents £2 lis 6d. Collections, &«., £2 4s 9J. Total, £105 8- l£d. Expenses :—Balance due the trea surer before lagt anniversary, £2 7s lid. lo the Printer, fl Is fid. Police rare-, 6d- Repairs £1 16s 5£d. Lighting and cleaning, £2 13s 6 !. Incidental, 4s fid. Interest. £95 10s 61. Iu re ference to this item, they had p'«d a good deal in the shape of arrears and that made the sum look large. The balance in hand previous to the present anniversary was 12s lid. With reference to the present anniversary services the collection on Sabbath last was £6 5s 4d. The tea held that day had realised somewhere about £20, possiblv nunc. Suhscr)ptiop$duriH3 ?hp pr^'HtPTi'dvprtwy £15. The tfay's for the K-a had "H been given. The proceeds of the present anniversary would be a grand total of £4-3- (Applause). Tiiev might thank God for the spiritual and financ<al prosperity of their cnurch- (App^1'®1')" T'1® truth was that the one very greatly depended upon the other. Their prosperous financial state might be accounted tor by the fact that they had been spiritually prosperous. (Applause). For the last twelve months they had been visited by the Lord God of Heaven. Hfe had come among them, had shown them incrcy, and called wan derers to himself. Ho hf^l caused jjig light to shine upon them as a people, and' they had been ; blessed. A few months ago the Lord had visited them and Tlie work was His and His alone. While they might he desirous to work, they were unable to perform anything without His aid. He |iad woifeed for Uis own ghuy. Jle (,Mr Diuieut) saw in the congregation before him many wit nesses of the truth now in the fold of Christ. Some had fallen away, some had vrandereS'sgain, but it gave him joy to know that there were but few, while the great majority were still trusting in the Lord Jesus, and could still cry Abba, Father, Thou art still my Grod. Eeferring to the previous church, he could not very well say what change in membership had taken place. When he assumed the charge of the congregation, the place had in a measure been neglected! There were then very few members indeed—ei*hi or ten was the outside who bad given tlirir hearts to their Lord and Saviour. They lmd now about fifty members, and from tbeir hearts they praised God for that. To Him be all the Glory, World without end. It was his hope that they would, that might have a refreshing season from the presence of the Lord. The Lord would truly assist them, and fix their thoughts on things' above and if they sought to do well the things of the present life, and looked forward to what was to come, God would surely aid and bless them. (Applause). He liked the Chairman's remarks relsuve to the tendency that people had when they went to the house of prayer to throw the work too much upon the ministers and too 'little upon themselves. But if they were ready to receive and looked to God alone, they should be truly blessed. The Lord had promised to be with all who believed in His name, and those who truly believed, would not go away unblessed. Some thing should be said of their making a full sur render of themselves to God, a perfect consecra tioti of themselves to Him. They would have to come to the conclusion that they could of them selves do nothing, and without this surrender they could not enjoy the highest, blessings, a full solvation. The way was easy and the duty plain. y ving themselves to the Lord a living sacri fice, they should have at Hia hands the greatest blessing of His love. When He gave Himself to us. He gave them all things. Might the Lord shine ujron them and help them to consecrate their lives to Him for His name's sake. (Ap plause). The Chairman said the statement which Mr Diuient had read must be gratifying to them all especially in reference to spiritual* things. It showed that many had yielded their hearts to God during the present revival. That work which God had begun in them, He would hold fast. (Applause.) Some persons spoke slight ingly of revivals, but he thought differently. He thought them of great value, and there were numerous instances in which persons who had yielded their hearts and remained until the end, while if some had fallen away, it had gnlv been for a lime, and after a brief season they "had been brought buck again. The full and careful state ment- which Mr Dirnent had read, was gratifying insofn ich as it showed that thev had their revenue from many sources. The ugliest feature in it was the interest;, which with some exertion would no doubt disappear in time. (Applause.) Here the Chairman noticing that, many per sons were standing outside, remarked that there was still room for about a dozen to his left. Upon this, several persons availed themselves of the invitation. - The Rev. \\\ iliiam Davidson, who was cordially received, said he h«d listened with pleasure to the Chairman and to the statement of the pastor relative to the condition of the Church financially and spiritually. He had invariably found that when there was prosperity in one church, it had a beneficial effect on all around. (Applause). If God came to work in one part of a village or towuship.He was very near themselves, ahd it was their own blame if He was not working with them. He (Mr Davidson), too, wished t hem the compliments of the seasou. (Applause.) Knowing that in his church they did not regard Christmas Day, people asked why he did not k«ep Christmas! Well, he might say that he valued Christmas highly, but he could not bring himself to think otherwise thanthatin this country Christmas was more like an earlier port"ojj of the year in old experience. He valued Christmas, however, as a season of family, re-union, and as affording an opportunity for the friendly visit and the smoothing over of differences. (Applause.) Besides he valued Christmas from his old ex perience of it in the old country when enow was its accompaniment. (Applause.) But people said still, why did they not in his Cnurch cele brate it with" religions service ? Well, he did not believe what was ordmarly hel l as Christmas Day was the day at all on which occurred the event professed to be celebrated. Iu the Primi tive Church there was no agreement as to which was the right day. In the Greek Church it was held to be 6th January. In the third century, Clement of Alexandria, held that 20th May was the rig lit time. Of hers held that it should be 20 th April. Some modern chronologera held it to be in June or July. Some authorities put it in July or August,- and indeed almost every mantli of the year had its supporter. Wordsworth had altogether given up the matter as a thing incap able of settlement. This day, however, had been fixed by most- Christians as the anniversary of the birth of Christ and there was special command besides. Good Friday and Christmas D.iy werj held in great consideration by __ people who regarded themselves a» good Christians so long as they attended ehurch oh these days, or as Samuel Johnson said of those who bad never been to church for twenty years that the indication of their devotion to religion consisted in lifting their bats when they passed a ehurch! (Laughter.) But the fact was undeniable, and on that the' Christian religion rested. Not the Christ of o„e Chureh or another, not so much the Christ which was born in Bethlehem, died, and rose again, as the Christ that w.-is in every one of. theni, the Christ that lived still! On Him thev had to take hold for pardon and acceptance, tiler },a(j to com* to I^ini for everything. They had a key to ; the look in Him who lived a long time ago. He i was nearei to Christians during the pres-nt d«v i than to the Twelve Disciples during his earthly I ministrj. It would be; a most unfortunate thing for the Christians of the present dav if th-y did not understand more of Cirist than did tlie Apostles, riie ChrUt they knew was a better Christ than John Wesley knew or even the Martyrs knew, who were ever faithful to Christ. Every day there was some unfolding of new resoel!eneifis of character in Christ, not the readv inade Christ, of doctors of divinity, theo!o:>iuis. and schoolmen, but new develoDments of Christ residing in those who Bought for and received, him. Ihe believer never lived a day but he i-jund somethjiiff new, and if he believed-, never need aid. He, like P<iul, reeommended them to know nothing but Christ. In proportion as they kept, their eye on Christ, they would be kept m the way. They had not to go tar for him as he whs there that night. 0e was , , tu the heart, ftnd still lived there anions his M.evmg people, though he h*d died and risen. It there wis more of Christ among professedly religious people, there would be fewer dissensions in Use Chnsti m Church. (Applause.) If instead ot a stream of theoiogr, ministers gave them a stream of Christ—(applause)—there would soon be a material diff.-rence among professing ChriSi *Iocli<! ?0t mi'ld. mU("h of chaff there mig.it t^e a $tjrioon so long as the ejVitt' vfo.n \yher.e it would and the wheat remained- (Applause.) The speaker then re ferred to the revivals in Scotland, and especially to those i>i Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Aberdeen, which were Still going on, and he would be glad to find something of rlie sort here. In Edinburgh, for example, there was shutting „p Gf s]lopg Hn(j offices when revival services were going on, and that was to be taken as some proof that Christ was in Edinburgh. (Applause.) As they got n led with Christ, they soon forgot all their little differences. (Applause.) Instea 1 of quarrelling they won d all r-joice. He would not $ay ha d? a)| fl'if i i ]iig chnr.eh, and perhaps li»»her Kennedy coiild get liold of some that nobody else could—(laughter)—hut everybody s iould rejoice in the revival movement, and instead „f finding fault with one to thmk that each euriitm wss an nutriment J of aod. ^ Jagt ^ 1 nearer and neafrer-to feacli other. Christ was the ^efeijtre point in ther-view, and though all might be soipewhat distant from' each other at first, each must get closer and closer to each other as they were actuated by the common desire to meet Christ. He hoped they would all meet Christ in the centre. -So long as they did this, it was no matter whether this or any other day whs Christ mas Day. They would be drawn Dearer and nearer to Him. . (Applause.) The Chairman 6aid the inliabitants of this dis trict always disapproved of late meetings, and ha did not wish to protract the proceedings by any observations of his. This, though a time of rejoic ing, might be embittered by the remembrance that many families had lost members through the prevalence of a greater amount of illness than | had previously been known in the colony. Many of the children had gone from this world to a better, and some grown persons had been among the victims. He would aek those before him: had this occurred to them, would they have been prepared ? The question might occur to of those as they approached the year up<m which they were abont to enter. The dark shading to the picture might be found iu the family losses and griefs of the past twelve months, and might bo suggestive to those whom he addressed,'to be prepared for the year to come, arid all that might possibly happen. (Applause). The Rev. Wtu. Diment remarked that the col-' lection would now be made. He hoped as only £9 would be required to make the sum acquired by the anniversary np to £50, the lack would be met by those present, and the amonnt. yvou d be thankfully received. The Chairman said that it was Lis business to have made this reference, but as he saw they were all in a willing mood, he was quite sure they would show their liberality afe had been suggested. (Laughter and applause.) The collection was then made. ! The Chairman said he hoped as many as could would stay out of respect to the last epeaker. (Applause). The 3£ev. Mr Kelly remarked that a week or two since he would have found it impossible to attend this pleasant celebration, but circumstances had favored him this evening. He thought he never had experienced tea and its accompaniments so completely to his satisfaction; perhaps his appetite was much better then it had been. That evening's service was also very excellent. He hoped they might be able thoroughly to consecrate tiiemseivra to the Master. Kothing could satisfy the eye of of the mind but Christ, as Simeon of old was con tent to die when he had seen the infant Oesus his salvation. They too, had now to fix theii eyes upon the Lord Jesus Christ. He came as on this or any other day to save them. It was a fit time when friends met together to put themselves upon the altar of consecration and give them selves truly to God. Considering what God had done for them it was a reasonable service. He might have made their lives a. burden, or sent them to hell, but He had given them many bene fits, sent bright peace with comfort .into their hearts, and every blessing so as to ln.-ike their homes permanent and" enjoyable. Should any thing less than the whole heart be given to God? They needed perfection. It might be asked how could they be perfect, they with - fiesh and blood and surrounded with «very painful circumstance? Perfection was a scriptural term, and meant com plete with the Heavenly Father. .All that iwas wanted was to be perfect under surrounding cir cumstances. He was afraid t-hev were not suffi ciently advanced in Christian life; its depths they had not reached. TLey should all go for ward and possess more blessed lite. , Their life was 0'ie of probation and they mu9t go on till ex perience was fully ripened. They had to go on frt-m glory to glory, the same in itself, but from' l?.-ser'to higher degrees, and never rest satisfied. A few months ago. when so many of them had made up their minds that Jesus should have t lem, the spiritual ladder had been presented to a I who had given up all affection and power: to Jesus. They must all press forward to the same end- The speaker here referred by -sra_y of illus tration, to a passage in Bunyan's " Holy War." and said that Diabolus must be altogether cast | out of them if they wished the Lo*d Jesus Christ j to reign in them complete, to take the fullest pos session of their hearts. To this end they mask p'ace themselves upon the altar of consecration. They were living in a state of spiritual babyhood at present, And God had more blessings than we - could enjoy, but they had a right to all and must claim their rights. Lee them lean hard upon Jesus, and not fear that they were making to free with Him, for they could not expect too much, and if they were not made happy.it was their own fault. He trusted they would continue to seek Divine aid to do their part in life, and at lasfc reap their heaveuly reward. (Applause). The Rev. William Diment regretted that illness had prevented the Rev. Mr Masterman from be ing present. He also regretted the unavoidable absence of the Rev, John Lloyd, He (the speaker) was very much disappointed that Mr Ltevd should be away at this time. Mr Lloyd' -was an old friend among them. He had a high respect for thai good brother that had stuck to them as a people and a church so weil and full p. All must resyet his absence that night. The language of their hearts was that they wished him a uierry Christmas. ^ (App'aise). Many of the congrega tion had assisted in the present celebration; and subscribed and contributed. To theae-he returned hearty thanks, as also' to the Chairmai u ho had so ably presided on the occasion. (Applause). In the name of the Master of the Church be thanked them all heartily, and might the Lord bl"'Ss them before all their neighbors. (Ap piaus -.) The Chairman briefly responded, and after the Doxo'ogy had been sung, and the Beui-diCtion pronounced by Rev. Wm. Diment, the ueopla separated. 