REMARKABLE MIDNIGHT DOINGS IN A MOBILE RESIDENCE. We have had the notes of a singular oc currence which took place some time since in this city in our possession for several months, but have refrained from giving it publicly for fear of too plainly indicat ing the parties connected with it. Upon perusing the facts as here stated, a num ber of our readeis will, doubtless, recal the mysterious affair, as well as the com ment and excitement which it then cre ated. Without naming the date of the occur rence, suffice it to say that a highly re spectable lady, her married son, and two single young men, were living in the city, and occupying the house into which the mysterious and daring entries were made almost nightly. The newly-married lady was one of the most excitable and nervous individuals that ever lived, and to make matters worse, her husband was equally as much of a coward, and, if possible, a greater one than she was. The house was entered night after night, silver, clothes, &c.;, stolen, chloroform administered to tlie in mates, and a copious supply of light wood and kerosene found in some portion of the house nearly every morning. Private watchmen were employed to watch the premises, and the two young men referred to spent almost every night in walking around the house, or secreted in it, re sembling two moveable armouries, but all to no purpose. Five or six times during the night the young married man would suddenly rise up in bed and fire his pis tols in rapid succession towards a window and break the glass into atoms, while his wife would scream at the top of her voice and arouse the neighbours. This state of affairs continued for two or three weeks, at the end of which several mys terious entries had been made—no one could tell how the burglar got into the house—and all the glass was shot out of the window and the blinds riddled with pistol balls. Determined to put an end to such unpleasant buisness, the young man's wife, assisted by two friends, per suaded her husband to remain quiet one night, no matter what he saw, and let the young men watch alone. The first night after this arrangement the young men were almost noiselessly creeping behind a flower-stand on the front gallery, when four shots were lired through the window, and a woman screamed terribly. Of course it was the young married man shootingand his wife screaming, and, of course, the es cape of the young men was very narrow. Tiiey determined to watch no longer, un less the pistols of their friend were taken from him ; and this being done, they com menced their watch for the second night, and had been on duty but a short time when they saw a man come out of a closet in their own room. They pursued him to the room of tlie married folks, but never saw him after, notwithstanding the tho rough search which was instantaneously made, and the fact of every door and win dow in the house, except the door between their room, being securely closed. In the morning, over five pounds of gun powder was found under the steps in the young men's room, besides a large quan tity of matches and kerosene. The young men kept up a thorough watcli nightly for three weeks, at the end of which time the house was set on fire and totally destroyed by fire and gunpowder. No one has ever been able to solve the mystery, although we have heard conjecture after conjecture concerning it. Of course we do not pre tend to set it up as a ghost story, but, with many others, that the robber and in cendiary was tlie young married man him self, and that he was a somnambulist. He and his wife are still living in this State, and one of the young men stands in the first rank of Mobile's energetic sons. Mobile Register.' 