TOWN TALK. Ia order to accommodate many of oar readers who wish to send an account of the sale of Messrs Robertson's cattle home, We hare republished our telegraphic dis patch in our summary columns. This will show people in England and elsewhere how we are improving in the breeding of stock in Victoria. This evening, in connection with the School of Science, a lecture will be deli vered by Mr W. J. Thomas, in the Mechanics' Institute. His subject is Re creative Astronomy," and we understand tbat under this title he designs to indicate what may be done in the study of the constellations and the investigation of celestial phenomena by any one who pos sesses a small telescope. By means of a set of star maps of the Southern Hemi sphere, recently designed by Mr Thomas on quite a new principle, he purposes to show tbat even without a telescope at all much pleasure and profit may be derived from the study of the " midnight sky." In this colony we are so exceptionally situated, with our clear sky and mild climate, that the votarieB of astronomy ought to be numerous, and we trust that Mr Thomas will be greeted to-night by an appreciative audience. The lecture com mences at eight o'clock. The football season is beginning to bring a little additional business to the Hospital. On Saturday afternoon a youth named M'Farlane, the son of a factory operative at South Geelong, was admitted to the institution, suffering from a bad dislocation of the elbow, received while playing at the game alluded to. There is a kind of deadlock existing at the present time between the Victorian Institute of Architects and the Victorian Builders' and Contractors' Association, in reference to the new conditions of contract issued by the former body, and following the example set them by the two branches of the Legislature, they are going to try and unlock the deadlock by holding a con ference. It appears that under the condi - tions issued by the Institute about two years since, and which have worked well up to the present time, there was a clause under which a contractor could claim arbi tration in the event of bis being called upon to jerform any work not described in the specifications or Bbown on the drawings, provided he (the contractor) performed the work after receiving notice in writing from the architect to do so; while in the new conditions, not only is the contractor de prived of his righ t to appeal to arbitration, but there is a clause inserted rendering it com pulsory on him to perform any work the architect may direct him to do, notwith standing such work may be neither shewn on the drawings or described in the specifi cations, and consequently not allowed for by the contractor in tendering. The parent association in Melbourne and the local branch in Geeloeg, have both passed reso lutions declining to subscribe to the new conditions in their present form, and their respective secreturys having notified the Institute of Architects of the Bame, a con ference of both bodies will be held this afternoon at the Melbourne Athenmum, when it is possible an amicable understand ing may be arrived at. Mr T Peters will represent the Geelong Branch, and Mr Sloman, hon. secretary of the above branch, will attend to watch the interests of the Ballarat contractors. A raid against the hobble-de-hoys who frequent the verandahs of Moorabool street, and annoy women and children by their obscene remarks, has been commenced by the police. On Saturday night, about nine o'clock, Sergt. Goodetiough and Constable Rabilly were "doing the block" in plain clothes, when they dropped accross several youths who were indulging very ffeely ju coarse expressions. Two of the lads were secured aud lodged in the watchbouse, but were subsequently bailed out. Four of their companions are known, and it is un derstood they will be summoned. Although only about twelve months old, KardiuiaPurk is rapidly becoming an orna ment to the town. The trees planted out last year have made splendid progress, many of them having attained a height of I from four to six feet, and the amount of new wood pushed forth indicates how thoroughly they have become established. The numerous unsightly gullies which prior to its being enclosed rendered the place so dangerous are, in consequence of the bankB thrown across at intervals, getting gradually filled up. Numerous ponds have been formed, the edges of which have been planted with willows and a variety of I shrubs. Vigorous efforts have been made [ to destroy the cape-weed, with which the plots have been overrun, and it is hoped they will prove successful. Little, how ever, can be said on this point, for the period when this weed makes its appearance has not arrived. The walks and drives have all been nicely levelled, and drainage works have been extensively carried out. The Rev. Lorenzo Moore preached to ) crowded congregations at St. Paul's yester day, the church iu the evening especially being densely crowded. In the morning he delivered an able discourse on Scripture Inspiration, his text being 3rd Timothy, chapter 3, last two verses—" All Scripture | is given by inspiration of God and is pro fitable for doctrine, for reproof, for cor rection, for instruction in righteousness ; that the man of God be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." The col lection, which was in aid of the British and Foreign Bible Society, amounted to £10 18s. In the evening he preached an ex cellent discourse from 1st Romans, 15th verse, the words of the text being—" Now the God of Hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy I Ghost." The choir rendered the musicsl portion of the services very effectively. [ The Rev. Lorenzo Moore will again preach in the same church on Sunday next. At the next meeting of the South Bar won Borough Council, the members will probably be asked to consider a proposal for the making of a new bridge across the Waurn chain of ponds, on the road leading to the racecourse. Mr R. S. Tuffs, the borough engineer, estimates that an arched stone bridge will cost between £700 ana £800, but that a substantial timber bridge, on bluestone abutments, that will answer | all the requirements for many years to come, can be erected for about £450, and it is likely this will be the sort of structure approved by the council. It is said some of the {councillors have been thinking of having the present bridge widened by hav ing additions placed on either side, but it is thought that they cannot have made a personal inspection of the bridge, or they would never have dreamt of such a course. The present structure is in a rotten, almost dangerous state, and to widen it would be. penny wise and pound foolish, as in a very short Bpace of time the middle portion would certainly have to be renewed. The decision of the conncil will be looked for ward Jto with no small amount of anxiety, the traffic on the Mount Colite road having so greatly increased of late, and it bein» so oumerou9ly patronised at race times. The announcement made bynson Satur day morning to the effect that some of the principals of the Opera Company would sing at St. Mary'8, caused that sacred edifice to he crowded to excess yesterday morning, and the manner in which Signor Tavelfa aang the " Cujus Animan" was worthy of all praise; be was not, however, so suc cessful in his rendering of the "Etlncar natus." Miss Winston also sang the " Agnes Dei" very nicely, and about twelve of the operatic choristers assisted, but for want of practice the choruses in Mozart's Twelfth Msbs did not go so smoothly as could have been desired, and the organ at which Signor Zelman presided was not nearly large enough for such a number of voices, by which its tones were almoBt drowned. Iu the morning, whilst the collection was being made, Professor Hughes', the talented composer, played a voluntary in a most masterly style, and again in the evening delighted the congrega tion hy playing the concluding voluntary. Competitors who have entered for the Corio Cricket Club Athletic Sports are re minded that acceptances for the cup must be sent in to-day. From what we can learn the handicaps for this important pedestrian event has given great satisfaction, and it is probable that nearly every nominator will accept. During the past week dozens of stalwart young fellews could have heen seen undergoing a strict course of training on the Corio and other reserves, but much as they have run together they have not yet been able to spot the winner of the cup. We have been requested by the hon. secre tary of the cricket club to state that all who have not mentioned the colors in which they intend to run must do so this evening, or colors will be named for them, and in these they vyill have to compete or not at all. Mr T. C. Riddle has received a com munication from the Chief Secretary inti mating that his plan for extinguishing the debts of nations would be submitted to the home Covernment. The weather on Saturday and yesterday was very pleasant, the atmosphere being cool and bracing. Last evening, however, clouds began to gather, and- a strong wind rose from the north-west, accompanied by a slight shower. The rain did not continue, but at a late hour the weather was still threatening. The list of subscribers to the Scottish Art Union and Ceramic and Crystal Palace Art Union closes to-day. Specimens and photo graphs of the works to be distributed may be seen at the office of Mr H. Franks. The Victoria CouraiDg Ciub St. Leger meeting was continued on Friday, when 16 courses were run, and the sport mncb enjoyed. On Saturday morning business again resumed, and when the proceedings were brought to a close only eight dogs were left in it, and it was thought the meeting would be brought to a final close to-day. The ground was very rough and stony, and many of the dogs, including Mr Nugent's fine greyhound Wallace, were much injured about the feet. Should the j meeting be brought to a close to-day it will tend to show that hares are more on Mr Clarke's estate than even on Burnside, where a thirty-two dogs Btake occupied so many days last season. It was Mr Lynott, not Mr Synnot, who | officiated as auctioneer at the great cattle sale at Colac on Friday. Our telegraphic report of the sale was read with a consi derable amount of interest on Saturday, and the high prices realised for the cows created no small amount of astonishment, although those obtained for the bulls were not so high as many had expected. Some of those who attended the sale arrived safely in Geelong at half-past 2 o'clock on Saturday, and others followed by coach during the day. Ali agreed that the arrangements made for the successful carrying out of the sale could not possibly have been more perfect, ana the hospitality shown to all comers by Messrs Robertson Bros, was said to have been quite princely. The football players had splendid weather on Saturday j if anything it was ratber too warm for the game.* On the Argyle ground the Becond twenty of the Geelong Club, under the command of Mr Dennis, met a similar number from the College, who had placed themselves under the captaincy of | Mr Dowling, and some excellent play was shown by both sides, but, no goal being obtained, the match ended in a draw—the Collegians having, if anything, had the best of it. On the Comunn na Feinne ground the Vulcan Foundry and Barwon Clubs met to try conclusions, and the result was a victory for the Barwon, who succeeded in I obtaining the only goal kicked during the afternoon. Although the Vulcan goal was constantly in danger the game was well contested throughout, and it was a full , hoar before the goal was kicked. After a few minutes' interval the game was resnmed with renewed vigor, the Barwon being bent I qpop obtaining another ^oal, and the yal-1 canites doing their utmost to prevent them achieving such an object. The goal was kicked by Harding, who showed some very smart play. Manley, Cunningham, and Rice piayed well for the men of iron, and Ricketts (captain.), Harding, Gliddon, and Yale for the men of cloth. Local land boards will be held as follows i —Geelong, Monday, June let; Rokewood, June 36th ; Colac, June 3rd ; Meredith, ■xt6 ' ®amPerd°wn, June 18th. Not for a long time has there been such a numerous attendance of quoit players as there was on the Crown Hotel ground on Saturday afternoon, and the members of the club, which has received additional strength, look forward to a highly suc cessful season. The improvements that have recently been carried out in levelling and draining the ground gave great satis faction and caused the play to be much more steady and certain than when one end of the ground was some eight or ten inches higher than the other. During the afiernoon the three rinks were kept con stantly going, the chief events being matches between Messrs M'Mullen Kin" Pendlebury, and Kelly, and Messrs Rip pon, Cox, Templeton, and Wheatland; and Messrs M'Mullen, King, Templeton and Pendlebury, and Messrs Rippon, Hawkes, Cox, and Wheatland. Mr Rip pon's side won both matches, the first by a few points, the second by one point only, the play of Mr King and himself being very fine. Mr Cox and Mr Hawkea also played remarkably well, but the others were not in such good form as we have seen them. In the evening a meeting was held, when Mr King presided, and Messrs E. Sander, Burns, and Field were elected members, and it was decided to play a series of challenge matches during the forthcoming season, Messrs king, Mac mullen, and Hawkes being appointed handicappers. Seven entered on Saturday evening, and other members of the club who wish to compete must send in their names before Satnrday next to Mr Mac Mullen, the entrance money being half-a crown. About one acre of land at Queensclifie, at the intersection of Stokes street and Stevens street has been temporarily reserved as a site for State school purposes. No instrument played at the opera here has commanded more admiration than the ; clarionet, and many have asked who the player was. It may be stated it was Mr Howard, whom that other talented player, Mr Walker, succeeded as master of our volunteer band. It is expected the grand Masonic ball which is shortly to be held at Melbourne will be well attended by Masons from this district, who will probably be pleased to learn that in every likelihood Masonic music, composed by Professor Hughes, will be played on the occasion. It is announced that His Excellency the Governor will hold a levee at. the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Monday, 25th instant. The following" taken from the Otago Daily News is rather severe on Baron von Miiller. "The Melbourne people appear to be making great improvements in their Botanic Gardens, and perhaps not before they required some renovating and re adjusting, if we may be allowed the term The new curator of the Botanic Gardens Mr W. R. Guilfoyle—is, we learn, making vait improvements in that hitherto ne>»- I lected wilderness, and he is laying out ina very picturesque style the extensive , grounds around the new Government House. He has already commenced to thin ' out the superflous specimens of the native eucalyptus and acacia. The too numerous walks are to be done awav with, and new well-curved ones to be created, whilst only a few of the monsters of the forest are to be allowed to enjoy their pristine grandeur. The large palm- house upon the "hill is already filled with choice and valuable plants. Stages have been built in the greenhouse, and clothed with 300 species of choice ferns, which have been obtained principally from the adjacent colonies." Mr L. A. Gilbert has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the Colac electoral division. The ForbesTimesreports thaton Friday, ! the 1st May, a party of young fellows were mustering horses at the back of Tomanbil run. Some of the number were tailing a quiet mob, and -waiting the arrival of others, who were running in a lot of real ' Mszeppas," horses that had probably never seen a yard since they were foaled. As the bush mob were coming, one of the' young men named Joun Robinson was sta tioned at a certain point to wheel them into the taders, and as they approached he was at his post doing his duty. One of the brutes, however, probably maddened by his forced gallop, made a ruilh towards Robin son, and ran clean under the mare he "'diDS' hftiag horse and rider ri"ht ' off the ground, and throwing them with considerable force. No one was near the pour fellow when he fell, and the atten tion of the others was only called to his absence when his mare was seen rider less amongst the other horses. Directly they missed him they galloped to the spot where he had wheeled his horses, and found hun lying on the ground, but almost insensible. They watched and cared for him as well as they could, away from any place or means of help; but in two hours from the time of the accident he expired. 