A g host. F rem time to time we ( Shoalhnen Seat) have received startling intelligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, , that have seen by many persons, some of : whom are persons not likely to be earned away by idle fancies. 3Ir. Eobert Williams, who has bnt recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful I watch-dog driven mad, and his whole house- I : hold routed and thrown into the greatest i consternation by the appearance of an i ! apparition. On Tuesday nigbt Williams's | fx roily were startled by what seemed to be a j ' man walking iip and down the verandah i with heavy-nailed hoots. The dog, who j i appears to have heard the noise, and it wouM ' reern also saw the cause of it, was rushinr I about in a most frantic manner, and it wouM | every now and then make a desperate spring : at the intruder, but finally gave up tho con text in sullen silence. Tneghost,in defiance of ail " locks, bolts, and bars," entered the ; house, and Williams then saw tbe figure of I a man, dressed apparently in tho garb of a ; buxhrnan. It went to the bed where Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled j the hod clothes off tbo bed, and lay down beside Williams, who, bowevor, could feel nothing when ho put his hand out to touch it. After a whilo,tho apparition went to where there was a crosscut saw standing, which it sounded Hcveral times as if heating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state for some time his ghostship departed. Williams avers that ho has heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievors to go and stop at his bouso and judgo for themselves. Other persons, as wo havo before stated, have roportod to have soon similar appari tions in the locality, and ono gentleman well-known in this district, who resided at ono timo at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that ho saw, a low-set man, with a manila lmt on, dressed in moleskin trousers, and a blue guernsey shirt, carrying on nxo over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who no was and what ho wanted, found that tho supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old bands of thodistriot that one or two sawyers had been murdered in the locality many years ago, Tnr. khu nv a doo's QuAnnri,.— An exchange telle a pretty bit ol a story which contsiae euch a good leison for children of email and larger growth that we giro it somawhat abridged : — " One day, 'a fine Newfoundland dog and a mastiff had a harp discussion over a bono, and wsrrad away as engrily es two boye. Tbey ..were fighting on. a bridge; and, the first thing thoy knew, over they went into the water. The banks were so high that they wcro forced to ewim somo distance before they cnme-lo a landing-piece. It Was very easy for the Newfoundlander ; he was as muoh et home in the water es a acnl. Bnt not so poor Bruce ; he struggled, and tried hie best to ewim, but made littlo headway. -The Newfoundland dog quickly reached the land, and than turned to look at his old enemy. He saw plainly that Ids strength was fast failing, and that lie was likely to drawn, So what should this noble fellow do but plungo in, 'sclzu Iii.n gently by the collnr, nnd keeping his 1iuj0 nbovo water, tow him safely into port I It was funny ta too these doge look at oach other aa they shook their wet coats. Their glance said as plainly as words, ' We'll neverquarrol any mora." —Harper's Dazaar. Chuei.tv To A wham.— In an address delivered by the Bishop of Menohefttor, In Bt. I'aul'e Cathe dral, London, on tlio '4Ut June last, on the propheoy that a timo would-come when tho wolf would fie down with thn lamb, the Biahop defonded -Christianity from the charge that as a rule of Ufa it left almost untouched man'e duty to. the lower animals, nnd in an eloquent passage strongly con. ilemneil polo, pigeon shooting, and other sports as being os little in cnqaononcu with tint temper of Cliriellanily on giadiulurial coutocts ut Homo or bull-fights in Kuvjlio. 