T U T W l L m THE SERPENT. BOOK THE FIFTH. THE DUMB DETECTIVE. CHAPTER IIL THE CH&BOKEE8; HARK THEIB MAN'. Br THE AUTHOR OP " Lady AuMei/s Secret"Awmi Fhi/J," d-c., d Her Majesty's Theatre is peculiarly brilliant tliis evening. Diamonds and beauty, in tier above tier, look out from the amber-curtained boxes. The stalls aro full, and the pit is crammed. In fop's alley there is scarcely standing room; indeed, one gentleman remarks to another, tliat if Pandemonium is equally hot and crowded, he will turn Methodist parson in his old days, and give his mind to drinking at tea-meetings. The gentleman who made this remark is neither more no less tlrnn a distinguished member of the " Cheerfuls," the domino-player alluded to some chapters back. He is standing talking to Richard; and to Rec him now, with an opera-glass in his luind, his hair worn in a manner conforming with with the usages of society ; and only in a modified degree suggesting thatcelebrated hero of the Newgate calendar and modem romance, Mr. John Sheppard, a dress-coat, patent leather boots, and the regulation white waistcoat, you would think he liad never been tipsy or riotous in his life. This gentleman is Mr. Percy Conlonner. All the Cherokees are more or less literary, and all the Cherokees liave, more or less, admission to every place of entertainment, Her Majesty's Theatre to the meetings of the tucmlicrs of the "P.Il." But what brings Richard to the Opera to-night? and who is that not very musical-looking little gentleman at his elbow ? " Will they all be here?" asked Dick of Mr. Coidonner. " Every one of them; unless Splitters is unable to tear himself away from his nightly feast of blood and blue fire at the Vic. His piece Itas.lxxm performed fourteen times, and it's my belief he's been at every representation; and tliat he tears his lwir when the actors leave out the gems of the dialogue aud drop their h's. Tlicy tlo drop their h's over the water," he continues, lapsing into a reverie; " when our compositors are short of type, they go over and sweep them up." "You're sure they'll be here, then, Percy?" "Every one of them, I tell you. I'm whipper-in. They're to meet at the oyster shop itt the Haymarket; you know the place, where there's a pretty girl and fresh Colcliestcrs, don't cliaigo yon anything extra for the lemon, and you can squeeze her hand when she gives you the change. They're sure to come in here two at a time, and put their mark upon the gentleman in question. Is he in the house yet, old follow f Richard turns to a quiet little man at his elbow, who is our old friend, Mr. Peters, and asks liirn a question: lie oidy shakes his head in reply, " No, he's not hero yet," says Dick; " let's have a look at the stage, and see what sort of stuff this Signor Mosquetti is wade of." " I shall cut him up, on principle," says Percy; "and the better he is, the more T shall cut him up, on another principle." There is a great deal of curiosity about tliiB new tenor of continental celebrity. The opera is the Lucia, and tlm appearance of Edgardo is looked forward to with anxiety. Presently the hero of the square-cut coat and jock-boots enters. He is a handsome fellow, with a dark southern face, and an easy insouciant manner. His voice is melody itself; the rich notes roll out in a flood of sweetness, without the faintest indication of effort. Though Ricliard protends to look at the stage, though perhaps he does try to direct his attontiou tliat way, his pale face, his wandering glance, and his restless under-lip, show him to be greatly agitated. He is waiting for tluit moment when the detective shall say to him, " There is the murderer of your uncle. There is the man for whose guilt you liavo suffered, and must suffer, till he is brought to justice." The first act of the opera seemed ondless to Daredevil Dick; while his philosophical friend, Mr. Cordonntr, looked on as coolly as he would liave done at an earthquake, or the end of the world, or any other trifling event of tliat nature. Tho curtain has fallen upon the first act, when Mr. Peters lap his hand on Richard's arm and points to a box on tho graud tier. A gbntjemau aud lady, and a little boy, have just taken thmr seats. Tho gentlemau, as becomes him, eitw with his back to the stago and faces the houso. He lifts liis opera-glass to take a leisurely survey of tho audience. Percy puts his gloss into Richard's liand, and with a hearty " Courage, old boy t" watches him as he looks for the first time at his deadliest enemy. And is tliat calm, aristocratic, and serene face the face of a muiderer? The shifting blue eyes and the thin arched lips ure not >c. discernible from this distance; but through the glass the general effect of the face is very plainly seen, and there is 110 fear tluit Richard will fail to know its owner again, whenever and wherever he may meet him. Mr. Cordoiiuor, after a deliberate inspection of the personal attractions of tho Count de Marolles, remarks, with less respect than indifference, "Well, the beggar is by no means badlooking, but he looks a determined scoundrel. He'd make a tiret-rate light-comedy villain for a Porte- Ht.-Martin drama. I can imagine him in Hessian boots poisoning all his relations, and laughing at the police when they come to arrest him." " Shall you know him again, Percy f" asks Richard. " Among an army of soldiers, every one of them dressed iu the same uniform," replies his friend. " There's something unmistakable about that pale thin face. I'll go and bring the other fellows in, that they may all be able to swear to him when they see him." In groups of two and three the Cherokees strolled into the pit, and were conducted by Mr. Cordonner—who, to serve a friend, could, on a push, lie almost active—to the spot where Richard and the detective stood. One after another they took a long look, through the most powerful glass they could select, at the tranquil features of Victor de Marolles. Little did tluit gentleman dream of this amateur band of police, formed for the special purpose of the detection of the crime he was supposed to have- committed. One by one the " Cheerfuls" register the Count's handsome face upon their memories, and with a hearty shake of the hand each man declares Ills willingness to serve Richard whenever and wherever he may see a chance, however faint or distant, of so doing. Ami all this time the Count is utterly unmoved. Not quite so unmoved though, when in the second act, he recoguims in the Edgardo—the new tenor, the hero of the night—his old acquaintance of the Parisian Italian Ojk'Ki, the chorus-singer ami mimic, Monsieur Paul Moucce. This skilful workman does not care about meeting with a t;»ol whicli, once used, were better thrown aside and for ever done away with. But this Siguor Paolo Mosquetti is neither more nor less than the slovenly, petitverre-drinkiug domino-playing, chorus-singer, at a salary of thirty fraucs a-week. His genius, which enabled him to sing an aria in ]>erfect imitation of the fashionable tenor of the day, luis also enabled him, with a little industry, and a little less wine-drinking and gambling, to become a fashionable tenor himself, aud Milan, Naples, Vienna, aud Paris kstify to his triumphs. And all this time Valerie de Marolles looks ou a stage such as that on which, years ago, she so often saw the form she loved. That faint resemblance, that likeness in his walk, voice, aud manner, which Moucee has to Gaston de Lancy strikes her very forcibly. It is no great likeness, except when tho mimic is bent 011 representing the man he resembles; then, indeed, as wo kiiow, it is remarkable. But at any time it is enough to strike a bitter paug to this bereaved and remorseful heart, which in every dream and every shadow is only too apt to recall tliat unfbrgotten past. The Cherokees meanwliile express their sentiments pretty freely about Monsieur Raymond de Marolles, and discuss divcre schemes for the bringing of him to justice. Splitters, whose experiences as a dramatic writer suggested to him every possible kind of mode but a natural one, proposed that Richard should wait upon the Count, when convenient, at the hour of midnight, disguised 11s his uucle's ghost, aud confound the villaiu in tho stronghold of his crime—meaning Park Lane. This sentence was verbatim from a playbill, as well as the whole very available idea; Mr. Splittcrs's notions of justice beiug entirely confined to the retributive or poetical, iu the person of a gentleman with a very long spcoch aud two pistols. " The Smasher's outside," said Percy Cordonner. " He wauts to liave a look at our friend as he goes out, tliat he may reckon him up. You'd better let him go into the Count's peepers with his loft, Dick, and damage his beauty; it's tho best chance you'll get." " No, no ; I tell you, Percy, that mau shall stand where I stood. That man shall drink to the dregs the cup I drank, when I stood in tho criminal dock, atSloppcrton and saw every eye turned towards mo with execration and horror, and kuew that my innocence was of no avail to sustain me in tho good opinion of ono creature who had known mc from, my very boyhood." "Except the 'Cheerfuls,'" said Percy. "Don't forgot the 'Cheerfuls.'" " When £ do, I shall have forgotten all on this side of the grave, you may depend, Perey, No; I have some firm friends 011 earth, aud here is one;" and he laid his hand 011 tho shoulder of Mr. Peters, who still stood at his elbow. The opera was concludcd, aud the Count de Marolles and his lovely wife rose to leave their box. Richard, Percy, Splitters, two or three more of the Cherokees, and Mr. Peters left tho pit at the same time, and contrived to be at tho box entrance before Raymond's party came out At hist the Count do Marolles' carriage was called; and as it drew up Raymond descended the steps with his wife 011 his arm, her little boy cliugiiig to her left hand. "She's a splendid creature," said Percy; but there's a spice of devilry in those glorious dark eyes. I wouldn't be her husband for a triile, if I happened to offend her." As the Count aud Countess crossed from tho doors of the opera-house to their carriage, a drunken man came reeling past, aud before the servants or policemen who were standing by could interfere, stum!(led agaiust Raymond de Marolles, and in so doing knocked his hat off. He picked it up immediately, and, muttering some unintelligible apology, returned it to Raymond, looking, as he did so, very steadily in the face of M. de Marolles. The occurrence did not occupy a moment, and the Count was too finished a gentleman to make any disturbance. Tills mau was the Smasher. As the carriage drove oft', he joined the group under the colonnade, perfectly sober by this time. " I've hail a jolly good look at him, Mr. Marwool," he said, "and I'd swear to him after forty rounds in the ring, which is apt sometimes to take a little of the Cupid out of a gent. He's not a bad-looking cove 011 the whole, nnd looks game. He's rather .slight built, but he might make that up ill science, and dance a pretty tidy quadrille round the chap he was put up agin, bein' active and lissom. I see the cut upon his forehead, Mr. Peters, as you told me to take notice of," he said, addressing the detective. " He didn't get that in a fair stand-up fight, leastways not from an Englishman. When you cress the water for your antagonist, you don't know what you may get." He got it from an Englishwoman, though," said Ricluml. " Did he, now I Ah, tluit's the worst of the softer sect; you see, sir, you never know where they'll have you. They're awful deficient in science, to be sure; but, Lonl bless you, they make it up with the will," and the Left-handed one rubbed his nose. He had been married during his early career, and was in the habit of saying tliat ten rounds inside the ropes was a trifle compared with one round iu your own back-parlour, when your missus had got your kuowledge-box in cliaucery against the corner of the mantelpiece, and was marking a dozen different editions of the ten commandments 011 your complexion with her bunch of fives. "Come, gentlemen," said the hospitable Smasher, " what do you say to a Welsh wirebit and a bottle of hitter at my place ? We're as full as we can hold down stairs, for the Finsbury !•' lzzcr's trainer hiis come up from Newmarket; and his backers is heariu' auecdotes of liis doings for the List interesting week. They talk of dropping down the river on Tuesday for the great event between him and the Atlantic Alligator, and the excitement's tremenjous; our barmaid's hands is blistered with working at the engine, So come round and see the game, gentlemen; and if you've any loose cash you'd like to put upon the Fizzer, I can get you decent odds, cousideriu' he's the favorite." Ricliard shook his head. He would go home to his mother, he said; he wanted to talk to Peters about the day's work. He shook hands heartily with his friends, and as they strolled off to the Smasher's, walked with them as far as Charing Cross, and left them at the corner that led iuto quiet Spring Gardens. In the club-rooiu of the Cherokees that night the members renewed the oath they had taken 011 the night of Richard's arrival, and formally inaugurated theuiselves as " Daredevil Dick's secret police." CHAPTER IV. THE CAPTAIN, THE CHEMiST, AJfD THE LASCAR. In the drawing-room of a houso in a small street leading out of Regent.street arc assembled, the morning after this opera-house rencontre, three people. It is almost difficult to imagine three persons more dissimilar than those who compose this little group. On a sofa near the open window, at which the autumn breeze comes blowing in over boxes of dusty London /lowers, reclines a gentleman, whose bronzed and bearded face, and the military stylo even of tho loose morfiing undress which lie wears, proclaim him to bo a soldier. A very handsome face it is, this soldier's, although darkened not a little by a tropical sun, and a good deal shrouded by the thick black moustache and beard which con- ceal tho expression of the mouth, and detract from the individuality of tho fuce. He is smoking a long cherry-stemmed pipe, the bowl of which rests 011 the floor. A short distance from tho sofa on which he is lying, an Indian servant is seated 011 the carpet, who watches the bowl of the pipe, ready to replenish it the moment it fails, and every now and then glances upward to the grave face of the officer with a look of unmistakable affection in his soft black eyes. The third occupant of the little drawingroom is a pale, thin, studious-looking man, who is seated at a cabinet in a corner, away from the window, amongst papers and books, which are heaped in a chaotic pile on the floor about him. Strange books and papers these are. Mathematical charts, inscribed with figures such as perhaps neither Newton or Lapl ace ever dreamed of. Volumes in old worm-eaten bindings, and written in strange languages long since dead and forgotten upon this earth ; but they all seem familiar to this pale student, whose blue spectacles bend over pages el crabbed Arabic as intently as the eyes of a boarding-school miss who devours the last volume of the last new novel. Now and then he scratches a few figures, or a sign iu algebra, or a sentence iu Arabic, on the paper before bun, and then goes back to the book again, never looking up towards the smoker or his Hindoo attendant. Presently the soldier, as he relinquishes his pipe to the Indian to be replenished, breaks the silence. " So the great people of London, as well as of Paris, are beginning to believe in you Laurent i" he says. The student lifts his head from his work, and turning the. blue spectacles towards the smoker, says iu his old uuimpassioued manner— " How can they do otherwise: when I tell them the truth i These," he points to the pile of books ami papers at his side, " do not err : they only want to be interpreted rightly. I may have been sometimes mistaken—I have never been deceived." " You draw nice distinctions, Blurosset." " Not at all If I have made mistakes iu the course of my career, it lias been from luy own ignorance, my own powerlessiicss to read these aright; not from any idiorteoiuiug in the things themselves. I tell you, they do not deceive." " But will you ever read thein aright ? Will you ever fathom to the very bottom this dark gulf of forgotten science !" " Yes, 1 am on the right read. I oidv pray to live long enough to reach the end." " And then ?" "Then it will be within the compass ofiuy own will to live for ever." " Psliaw! The old story—the old delusion. How strange that the wisest 011 this earth shoidd have been fooled by it!" "Make sure that it is a delusion, lieforeyou say they were fooled by it, Captain." " Well, my dear Blurosset, Heaven forbid tluit I should dispute with one so learned as you upon so obscure a subject. I am more at home holdiug a fort against the liiiUans than holding an argument against Alburtus Magnus. You still, however, persist tluit this faithful Mujecbez here is iu some manner or other linked with my destiny ?" " I do." " And yet it is very singular! Wliat can conucct two men' whose experiences in every way are so dissimilar I" " I tell you again that he will be instrumental iu confounding your enemies." " You know who they are—or rather, who he is. I liave but one." " Not two, Captain i" " Not two. No, Blurosset. There is but one 011 whom I would wreak a deep aud deadly vengeance." " And for the other f " Pity and forgiveness. Do not speak of that. There are some tilings which even now I am not strong enough to hear spoken of. That is ono of them." " The history of your faithful Mnjeebez there is a singular one, is it not {" asks the, student, rising from his books, and advancing to the window. " A very singular one. His master, an Englishman, with whom he came from Calcutta, aud to whom he was devotedly attached " " 1 was indeed, snhib," said the Indian, in very good English, but with a streng accent. "This master, a rich nabob, was murdered in the house of liis sister, by his own nephew." " Very horrible, and very unnatural! Was the iiepliuw hung 1" "No. The.jury brought in a verdict of insanity; he whs scut to a madhouse, where no doubt he still remains cbnfihod. Mujeebez was not present at the trial; ho had escaped by a miracle with liis own' life; for the murderer, cominfc ipto.thc littlc room in which lie slept, oM finding ltimstiiring, gave himablow on theliead, which, placed Uilii for some time in a very procarioiis stele'," " And xlid yon see the murderer's face, Mujecbez f" asks Monsieur lilurosset "Xo, sahib, 5 lt -wrts dark, 1 could see nothing. The Mow stunned tac t when I recovered my senses, I was in the hospital, where I jay for months. The shock had brought on what the doctora rolled nervous fever. For a Jong time I ww utterly incapable of work; when 1 lilt the hospital 1 had not a friend in the world; hut the gortd laxly, the sister of my poor murdered master, gave mc money to return to India, where, 1 was kitmutgliar for some time to an English colonel, in whose household I learned the language, and whom I did not leave till I entered thu service of the good Captain." The " good Captain" laid his hand nffectioimtely on his follower's white turbaued head, something with the protecting gesture with which lie might caress a favorite and faithful dog. " After you liad saved my life, Mujeebez," he said. "I would have died to save it, sahib," answered the Hindoo. " A kind woid sinkf deep in the heart of the Indiau." " And there was no doubt of the guilt of this nephew?" asks Blurosset. " I cannot say, sahib. I did not know the English language then: 1 could understand nothing told me, except niy poor master's nephew was not hung, but put in a madhouse." " Did you sec him—this- nephew I" " Yes, sidlib, the night before the linmler. He came into the room with my master wheu lie retired to rest. I saw hiiu only for a minute, for 1 left the room as they entered." " Should you know him again!" inquired the student, " Anywhere, sahib. He was a handsome young man, with dark hazel eyes and a bright smile. He did not look like a murderer." " That is scarcely a sure rule to go by, is it, Laurent!" asks the Captaiu, with a bitter wnile. " I don't know. A black heart will make strange lines in the liandsomest face, which are translatable to the close observer." " Sow," says the office)', rising, and surrendering his pijte to the bauds of his watchful attendant—" now for my morning's ride, and you will liavc the place to yourself for your scientific visitors, Laurent." " You will not go where you are likely to meet- " "Anyone I know! Xo, Blurosset. The lonelier the road the better I like it I miss the deep jungle aud the tiger-hunt, eh Mujeebez I—we miss them, do we not!" The Hindoo's eyes brightened, as he nn- •SAvered eagerly, 44 Yes, .indeed, sahib." Captain Lansdown (tluit is the name of tiie officer) is of French extraction; he speaks English perfectly, but still with a slightly foreign accent. . He lias distinguished himself by his marvellous courage aud military genius in the Puujaub, and is over in England on leave of absence. It is singular tliat so great a friendship should exist between this imjjetuous, danger-loving soldier, ami the studious French chemist and pseudo-magician, Laurent Blurosset; but that a very linn friendship does exist between them is evident. They live in the same house; are both waited upon by Egerton Lansdown's Indian servant, aud are constantly together. LaurcntBluiosset,after becoming the fashion in Paris, is now the rage in London. But lie rarely stirs lieyond the threshhold of liis own door, though his presence is eagerly sought for ill scientific coteries, where opinion is still, however, divided as to whether he is a charlatan or a great man. The materialists sneer— the spiritualists believe. His disinterestedness, nt any rate, speaks in favor of his truth. He will receive no money from any of his numerous visitors. He will serve them, he says, if he can, but he will not sell the wisdom oi" the mighty dead; for that is something too grand and solemn to be made a thing of baiter. His discoveries in chejnistry have made him sufficiently rich; aud he can afford to devote himself to science, in the hope of finding truth for his reward, lie oslcs no hotter recompense tluin the glory of the light he seeks. We leave him, thou, to his eager and inquisitive visitors, while the Captain rides slowly through Oxford-street, on his way to the Edgware-road, tlirough which he emejges into the country. CHAPTER Y. THE f KEW HiLKMAN IN PARK-LANE. Thopuat pfkitchenraaid in tho household of the Count de Maroiles is no unimportant one, atjdjMrs. Moper is accounted a.persmvof some cpi)sequ^hc^ in the ^ryants', jiall.. The Fron<& wjjx) ^^is ^nyato sittiugrqom, wherefn'iio'j Wjorl^i , ej^njfe ,»Vul „ scjpntifiq dcscendfl tp '^Sagusb, < ^WP^^ « p^j^^Ms.'^.jOoiii^^^, ;I|ttlp, j,cpinniuu»:, mtion' witli Jfoppt | for execution, sind throws hhttBelf bafck in his easy chah' to think out a dish, while his handmaiden collects for him the vulgar elements of his noble ait. Mrs. Moper is a very good cook herself; aud wlken she leaves the Count de Maroiles she will go into a family where there is no foreigner kept, and will have, forty pounds per annum and a still-room of her own. She is ill the caterpillar stage now, Mrs. Sarah Moper, and is content to write herself down kitchenmaid <td iutcriin. The. servants-hall dinner and the housekeeper's repast are both overJ but the. preparations for the dinner have not yet begun, and Mrs. Moper ami Liza, the scullervmaid, snatch half-au-hour's calm before the coming storm, and sit down to darn stockings,— " Which," Mrs. Moper says, " my toes is through and my heels is out, and never can I get the time to'set a stitch. For time there isn't any in this house for a tinder-servant, which under-servant I will be no more than one year longer; or any my name's not Sarah Moper." Lint, who is mending a black stocking with white thread (and a very fanciful effect it has too), evidently 1ms no wish to dispute such a proposition. Indeed, Mrs. Moper," she said, "that's the truest word as ever you've spoke. It's well for them as takes their wages for weariu' silk gowns, and oilin' of their hair, and lookin' out of window to watch the carriages go in at Grosvenor Ijate ; which, don't tell me as Life Guardsmen would look up imperdent, if they hadn't been looked down to likewise." Eliza gets rather obscure here. " This 'ousc, Mrs. it., for upjier-servants may1M? Vaven, fiul for unders its more like the place as ispr.mnuuced like a letter of the alphabet, and isn't to be named by me." There is no knowing how rar this rather lvvolutionary style of conversation might have gone, for at this moment there came that i tainiluir sound of tlie clink of milk-pails on the p.wn>oiit above, and the l^tiido)! cry of milk. "It's Bugden with the milk, Liza; there was a pint of cream wrong in the last bill, Mrs. Mellflowersays. Ask him to come down and coriectifv it, will you, Li»i V Liza ascends the area steps and parleys with the milkman; presently he com^ jingling down, with his pails swinging against the ntilings; lie. is rather awkward with his pails, this milkman, aud I'm afraid he must spill more milk than he sells, as the Park-lane pavements testily. " It isu't ISugdcu," says Liza, explanatory, sis she ushers him into the kitchen. " Bugden 'as 'urt his leg, a-milkin' a cow wot kicks when the Hies worrits, and 'iis sent this young man, as is lather new to the business, but is anxious to do his liest" The new milkman enters the kitchen as she concludes her speech, and releasing himself from his pails, expresses his readiness to settle any mistake in the weekly bill. He. is rather a good loolcing-fellow, this milkman, aud he lias n very curly head of flaxen hair, preposterously light eyebrows, and dark hazel eves, which form a rather a piquant contract I don't suppose Mrs. Moper aud Liza think him bad-looking, for they beg him to sit down, and the sctdlerymaid thrusts the black stocking, on which she was heretofore engaged, into a table-drawer, and gives helium 1 a rapid extemporary smoothing with tlie. palms of her kinds. Mr, Bugden's man seems by no means disinclined for a friendly chat: lie tells them how new he is to the business ; how he thinks he should scarcely have chosen cowkeeping for his way of life, if he'd known as much about it as he does now; how there's many things in the milk business, such as horses' brains, warm water and treacle, and such-like, as goes against hits conscience; how he's quite new to London and London ways, having come up lately from the country. " Whereabouts in the country V Mrs Moper asks. " Berkshire," the young man replies. " Lor'," Mrs. Moper says, " never was anything so remarkable. Poor Moper come from Berkshire, and kuowed every inch of the country, and so I think do 1, pretty well Wluit part of Berkshire, Mr.— Mr. f " Vo] pes," suggested the young man. « What part of Berkshire, Mr. Yolpesf Mr. Volpes looks, strange to say, rather at a loss to answer tliis very natural and simple inquiry. He looks at ^frs. Moper, then at Liza, ami lastly at the pails. Thu pails seem to assist his memory, for lie says very distinctly " Burloy Scullm." It is Mi's. Moper's turn to look puzzled now, and she exclaims " Buriey " " Scuffers," replies the young man. " BurJoy Scujfcm, market town, fourteen miles on this side W" lteading. T^io 'Chicories,'! Sir Yorrick Tristram's place, is ajmloaiui a half out of the town. . • . Tliecc's no diaputing 8Hch ;an accurate and detailed description at this., ;Mrs. .Jtopcr say$ t's odd, all the times dio's.iio^ii to Jfcadiqg, Ifivish IJiad lis Jwy spyereigns/' j she mutters in piu^nlliesis—never did slie remember passing through " Jhu'ley tScuffers." " It's n piettv little' town, too," mys tho milkman ; "there's n, limo-tm'. aveiine just out of the High Street, called Porkhutchere' Walls as if; ci^iwded with young jieople of a Siiuday even after chuivh." Mrs, Moper is quite t'iken with this description ; and says, the very next tiuic she goes to Heading to see poor Moper's old mother, die will make a point of going to Burley Scuffers during her stay. Mr. Volpes says, he would if he were she, and that she couldn't employ lier leisure time better They talk a good deal about Berkshire; and then Mrs. Moper relates some very interesting facts relative to the late Mv. Moper, and her determination, " which upon his dying bod it was his comfort so to think," never to marry again ; at which the milkman looks grieved, and says the gentleman will be very blind iudeed to their own interests if they don't make her change her mind some day; ami somehowor othcr (I don't suppose servants often do such things), they get to talking ai>out their master and their mistress. Tlie milkman eeeius interested in this subject, and, forgetting in how many houses the innocent liquid he dispenses may be required, he sits with his elbows on the kitchen-table, listening to Mis. Moper's re niaks, aud now and then, when she wanders from her subject, drawing her back to it with an adroit question. She. didn't know much about the Count, she said, for the servants was most all of 'em new ; they only brought two people with them from South America, which was Monsieur St. Mirotaiue, the ch*J\ aiul the Countess's French maid, Mademoiselle Finette. But she thought Monsieur de Marolies very 'aughty, aud us proud ;is he was 'igh aud that madanie was very unhappy, " though it's hard to know with them l'urriners, Mr. Volpes, what is what," she continues " and madame's gloomy ways may be French for happiness, for all 1. knows." " He's an Englishman, the Count, isn't he?" asks Mr. Volpes. A Englishman ' Lor' bless your heart, no. They're both French ; she's of .Spanish igstniction, 1 believe, and they lived sincc their marriage mostly in Spanish America. But they always speaks to each other iu French, wheu they do speak ; wliich them as waits upon them says isn't often." He's very rich, I suppose ," says the milkman. Rich:" cries Mrs. Moper, " the money tliat man has got they say is mbellous ; and lie's a regular business man, down at his office every day, rides oil" to the city as punctual as the clock strikes ten. Lor', by the by, ME. Volpes," says Mrs. Moper suddenly, "you don't happen to know of a tempory tiger do you!" " A temporary tiger !" Mr. Volpes looks considerably puzzled. " Why, you see, the Count's tiger, as wasn't higher than tlie kitchen table 1 do believe, broke his arm the other day. He was a- hangin" on to the strap behind the cab, a- standin' upon nothing, as them l ioys will when the vehicle was knocked agen an omnibus, and his arm bein' wenched sudden out of the strap, snapped like a bit of sealing-wax ; they've took him to the hospital, aud he's to come back as soon as ever he's well j for he's a «leal thought on, ljcin' a'most the smallest tiger at the West-end. So, if you liappcn to know of a boy as would come temporary, we should be oblige 1 by you sending him round." " Did he kuow of a boy as would come temporary ?" Mr. Budgen's young man appoired so much impressed by this question, that for a minute or two he was quite incapable of answering it. He leaned his elbows on the kitchen table, with his faeo buried in his hands and his lingers twisted in his flaxen hair, and when he looked up there was, strange to say, a warm flush over his pale complexion, and something like a triumphant sparkle in his dark brown eyes. " Nothing could fall out better," he said ; " nothing, nothing !" " What, the pour lad breaking his arm 1" asked Mr. Moper, iu a tone of surprise. " No, no, not that," said Mr. Budgcu's young man, just a little confused ; " what I mean is, that1* know tho Tory boy to suit you—the very boy of all others to undertake the business. Ah," he continued'in a lower voice, " and to go through w'ith it, too, to tlie end. n Why, as to tliC' business," replied Mrs, Moper, " it ain't oveimucli, liangin' on behind, arid lookin' knowiu', and givin* others tifcots as good as they bring, when wattin' outside the CaUiiig or the Anthhmm ; 'which tigers as is used totho high<wt namesinthejiecmgefiimUiat'' as their inoat and drink, will go on contemptuous about our fambly, cftllin' i the bahk ' , the shop,' and; n-askinVtiil they 'got >our lad's lilddd up (which he had liad his guiuoa lossons from tlie May Fair Mawler, and were better left alone), wlicli the ' smash fwb& a^omin', or whether we meant to give out tlirteo-anil-slxpenco ih tho pound like-ti'honest houeo, ; or do tlie sliabliy Wiing and' t^ear ouiBelves by a com-" pensation with our c^jdiiois of fourpenceiarthing I All," continued Mrs. Moper, gravely, "ninny's the' time that' child have coiue homo wif^i his now as big as the 'ead of. of a six-week old baby, and no eyes at all as any one could discxiver, which he'd been that knocked about, iu a shmd-uji fight with a lad three times his weight and size." ! „ Then I cau send the boy, and you'll get him the sifcutttiioir.f isaid Mfc Builgfeii's young man, who did not seem jiarticularly interested iu the rather elaborate recibil ,of tlie exploits of the invalid tiger. 1 ; '" 1 ! " Ifo can have a character, I suppose I" inquired tlie lady;. SI . ;/ j: " ail, all, to be pure. Bugdeii will give him a character." i ; " You will impress upon the youth," said . Mrs. Moper, with great dignity, " tliat he will not be able to make this liis permanence 'oinc. The pay is good, and the meals is reg'lar, but the situation is tempory." '' All right," said 2itr. Bugden's assistant; "he doesn't want a situation for lon,g I'll bring liiin round myself this evening—-good afternoon ;" with which very , brief ferewell, the flaxen-haired, dark-eyed milkmau strode out of the kitchen. " Hum !" muttered the cook, " his manners has not London polish : I meiuit to have pst hiiu to tea." " A\Tiy, I'm blest," exchiimed the sculleiyuiaid suddenly, " if he haven't been and gone and left his yoke aud pails behind him 1 Well; of all the strange milkmen I ever come a-nigh, if he ain't the strangest '." She might liave thought hiiu stranger still, perhaps, this light-haired milkman, lmd she seen hiiu hail a stray cab in Brook Street, spring into it, snatch off his flaxen locks, whose hyaciuthiiic waves were in tlie convenient form kuown by the most disagreeable of words, a wig, ; snatch off also the hollaud blouse common to the purveyors of milk, and rolling the two into a bundle, stuff them into the pocket of a shooting-jacket, before throwing himself back into the corner of the vehicle, to enjoy a meditative cigar, and his cliarioteer drives his best pace iu the direction of tliat transpontine temple of Esculapius, Mr. Darley's sujgery. Dam!evil Dick has made the first move ill tliat fearful game of chess which is to be played between him and tho Count de Marolies, (To be continued). On the 10th insL, a waterman, named Charles Shaw, found the dead boJy of a man floating in Darling Harbour, near the bottom of Marketstreet, and gave information of the discovery to the jxilioe. Senior-constable Brad well came, and, having taken the body out of the water, 1 he removed it to th« dead-house. Circular Quay. Tlie name of the deceased is not known, but the body is l>e.)icve<l to be that of a vagrant who has been seen sleeping about the wharfs. Tbefollow- • is the description of tlie body:—About 50 years of age ; 5 feet (J or 7 iuches high ; fair complexion ; full features; bald on top of head; hair inclined to be cuvly, Inwn ; uneven whiskers, turning grey, worn all round; dressed iu obi brown tweed trousers and old blue. cloth vest; a lmbt-colored criiuean shirt, with a brown stripe, and pair of blucher boots. Deceased was well known to several barromuen and others by the name of "Curly." A coi-respondent writing to the Lancet says :— " It has often struck me as curious that soine of the eminent medical men of our colonies have ' never received a small share of the distinctions conferred upou their fellow- colonists who, have .made politics their .sphere. In the only .colony j where T have a knowledge of the works of sp^ie of the medical men—nanudv, the Domuiion of Cnnada, I know several who have devoted thirty or forty yeai-s of their lives to the spitaifl of medical knowledge aud to the establishment of medical institutions iu the country, thereby benefiting their fellow-creatures iu the country to an incal-, culable extent. Some of these geutlejuon have , also obtained deservedly widespread reputations in Canadn for their skili in the various branches , of their profession. A few of the same honours 1 from time to time conferred oil their bretbren hi England, would he a graceful and kindly recognition, on the part of the mother country, <rf wellearned reputation and years of devotion to the , spread of a noble profession." , A cattle disease of so disagreciible a nature that it causes the animals aflected by it to cominlt suicide luis (snys the Pall Mnll Gazdtt) broken out on the Afoatic shore of the BosphoniB,'iand : has .been officially reported at Constantinople It I is (characterised by frothing at the mouth, running; from the ey^aml nose, a t<)tal, Jop .qf.^pptitp, gi«nt beat, and a! thirst so insupportable fhut some ofthe l)e:isth attacked by tlie illness casttheinselves, hefidlong into tidjacciit'rix'crfl and fltreamfi.aiidfti'O" dwyiied; The disease, it iri fitafasli'hiis been'In. existence fo^ upwards of a monUi in several vil- " lages between Beicos,; on tlie . Upper Bosphorus, : and Scutari^ It attacks bullooks and cows exclusively. and if* be^ieyed! to;have been intro4uced,:, from A<U-Bai!a, beyond Isiiiidti '• At B^skanii, laiir hbui-s distant from Beicdsj the disease' Is ' ing, diia thi^e'oi 1 fdur 1 beaste 1 ditf^exisiy^a.V; '*:At Musseinli, aliboui^dishintlslandfrtiru'lioakAtia, it has killed about eighty animals, half of the' stock<if,«ftttle which,idio-vlllajps 'po^sewipd. At, ; other places it is reported to ba ion, ,tho ii^crpftw. ,, At ^aouttjlipiiUi si^.he^of^ttleMvopm^ii^,,» anjl at thfe VlMgc of Sidtaii Tchlm^ltiucenoursV dielfinceTi'om ScutaVi/fl^cor&^imnftls^etlatiy.^' 