SPORTING JOTTINGS. Br Observer. I again take the opportunity of writing you on sporting matters in general, but what to touch on first is rather a poser. For the present the up-country meetings are of all-absorbing interest. Of them I can only remark that they are calculated to cheer the flagging spirits of our small sportsmen, and may in seme instances prove beneficial to the " oat-binand, again, if " practice makes perfect," those nags that anticipate a struggle at our May carnival will derive some benefit by running in the meantime —a fact which heretofore metropolitan represen tatives have lost sight of. I notice that Mr. Jordan biought over the Ace of Tramps last week in the Coorong. Mr. Jordan looks any thing but well, and the same remark also applies to Ms charge. - The latter seems as if he had not had the time he required to bring him out for racing purposes, and he will require a lot of nursing to give him a ghost' of a chance at the forthcoming May meeting. I cannot say. much on the various gallops without permission, but there are three or four that are going well, and amongst them My Lady, Sunbeam, and Maritana. I trust you are not looking for a full account of the training notes, for the flower is only in its bud. But what about the future? "To be or not to be is the question." Can South Australia maintain two Clubs ? It has been fairly demonstrated that it cannot. It is an old saying and a true one, " When the house is divided it cannot stand." Of course I refer to the two Clubs that are in vogue at the present time. The A J. C. has been formed some time, rules and regula tions printed, and every necessary for carrying on racing; still, it scarcely comes up to the thing that is wanted in order to make racing a popular recreation in South Australia. I truly believe that South Australians love the sport "pure and ample," and I am fully certain that a few gentlemen have taken the matter in hand so as to cut out the sharpers and black legs. Notwithstanding the amount of praise due to Mr. Bennett for the last few meetings, which have gone off so successfully, that gentleman cannot regret to have the responsibility taken off his bands, in order to make racing a perma nent institution in the colony. If Mr. Bennett and his colleagues concur with me they will say, "Here you are, gentlemen; you are men of means, go in and prosper. We will never put obstacles in your way." With regard to the new Association, there are many things to re commend it to the public. Still I should not like to override any one, and I trust the " two bodies that be" will ere long amalgamate and become one. It is patent to all lovers of good sport that in such a small community as this we cannot afford to maintain two Jockey Clubs, and now that new blood has come into the field let them try it. Gawleb Races.—The following is the list for the Gawler Handicap as decided by Mr. J, Harvey, J.P.:— Mr. Hughes's Rainbow, 6 yrs., 8 st. Mr. Chas. Mullens's Maritana, 3 yrs., 7 St. Mr. A. J, Baker's The Don, 3 yrs., 7 st. Mr. J. J. Swinden's Sunbeam, 5 yrs., 9 st. Mr. John Cox ell's Pigeon, 5 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. Mr. G. Mahood's Don Pedro, 3 yrs., 7 st. Mr. Pritchard's Nimblefoot, 3 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. Mr. S. Bradley's Dauphin, 3 yrs., 8 st. Mr. G. Bennett's Ada, 2 vrs., 5 st. Mr. G. Bennett's Countess, 2 yrs., 5 st. Mr, P. MoNamara's Euterpe, 3 yrs., 8 st. 