LONG ODDS. By Marcus Clarke. CHAPTER XVI. - (Continued.) « Charlie Ryle," of Jermyn-street, and Charles Ryle, Esq., of Hampton-court, were two different persons in one respect at least, "Charlie Ryle" always took money; Charles Ryle Esq., lent it, that is to the initiated. "It's no good going to Jermyn-street, Bob," said Dacre, as they reached the street. " I sup pose those nags of yours will run us down to Hampton-court. Is this your cabby ? Jump in my boy. Limmer's." Mr. Bob Calverly's nags were equal to the occasion, and it was not long before the two gentlemen were shown into Mr. Charles Ryle's " study''-_a handsome, but slightly overfurnished room, with bookcase too evidently seldom opened, comfortable reading chairs, a most orthodox writing-table, and a bureau positively redolent ot cheque books. Mr. Charles Ryle made his appearance almost before they had time to look round the room, "Ah ! Mr. Dacre," he said, "glad to see you, uncommonly. AVhat good wind blows you here ? Too late for luncheon. But not too late for a bottle of that tipple you tried last time. Allow me to ring the bell." A pleasant-looking man enough, this ringer of the hospitable bell and suggester of the exhila- rating "tipple ;" tall, stout, rubicund; and cheery- faced, and yet one at whose door lay the ruin of more young fellows than the good angel of truth would like to count. He had a wife and children, too - though none of his "city" friends had ever seen them -was kind in his domestic relations, mid even went to church, nnd put money in the plate. The clergyman at Hampton-court spoke very well of Mr. Ryle, and had the most unlimited confidence in the respec- tability of his "business in the city." Of the fifty or so who did so, none lived in Hampton Court, and had they done so, they would probably have soon found excellent reasons for holding their tongues. The bell was answered, " tipple " was brought, cigars were produced and lighted. Mr. Ryle's cigars were more than respectable if his business . was not. " Capital nags those of yours, Mr. Dacre," said the host, in the midst of a general conversation. Rupert Dacre wns a great deal too 'cute to come to the point at once. " I wish they were mine, Ryle. Haven't you seen Mr. Calverly driving them about town ?" Charles Ryle, Esquire, had most certainly seen Mr. Calverly driving them about town. Charlie Ryle had seen Mr. Calverly in his own rooms in Jermyn-street. He had heard, too, of Mr. Calverly at Limmer's, and knew quite as much of the young Australian's position as Rupert was likely to tell him. He had got up his " business in the city," and his house at Hampton-court,, through that very useful habit of knowing all he could about everybody. "Ah, Mr. Calverly's, are they?" he said, with a smile. " Deuced good steppers, I should say. But 1 suppose you're too well used to good cattle, Mr. Calverly, to think them anything very wonderful ?" " Oh, they are good enough," said Bob, who was more anxious to see the ascension of his kite than to hear the praises of his horses. "Good enough to take us back to town in time for dinner, old fellow," said Dacre ; " for I intend to dine with you, and, therefore, Ryle, the sooner we finish our business with you the better." " Ah ! business," said tho man of respecta- bility ; "what a head you have for business, Mr. Dacre. I thought you had come to have a quiet look at the place, and might stop to dinner." " Can't, indeed, or should be most happy," answered Rupert, with some truth, for Ryle's cook was known to be a good one, and his cellar unimpeachable; but it was not his game that Bob should see too much of the money-lender. It might weaken his own influence. "Well, I know you of old, Mr. Dacre," said Ryle ; if you won't you won't. What can I do for you ?" " Nothing," said Dacre, " for me. For Mr. Calverly you can write a cheque for fifteen hundred pounds. I will back his bill." " You will back his bill?" said Ryle, fixing his , eyes for a moment full on Dacre's face, and then as suddenly fixing them on Bob's; " well, that's very friendly of you, Mr. Dacre, and I am sure I am very glad to be able to oblige a friend of yours. You won't grumble at the terms, I sup- pose? Business is business, you know, Mr. Calverly." Mr. Ryle's house might not be quite so well established as that of Messrs. Fleece, Pack, & Co., but his way of doing business was, to Bob's notions, decidedly more agreeable. " Well, your terms, Ryle ; Mr. Calverly and I are rather new in this way. What are your terms ?" Mr. Ryle's appreciation of Mr. Dacre's newness was so intense that he absolutely laughed over it, as he said, quite as good-humoredly as Mr, Fleece, but with far less apparent 'cuteness. " Oh, twenty per cent, including commission ; that won't break you, Mr. Calverly, eh ?" Bob thought himself lucky in the extreme, and warmly denied all chance of any rupture consequent on such a scale of charges. "Just so ! just so !" went on Mr. Ryle, humming an air from " Il Barbiere," as he opened a drawer and rapidly wrote a cheque ; " there you are Mr. Calverly. Kindly fill up this bill; draw ¦on Mr. Dacre, he will accept, etcetera, etcetera ; and that is over. Three months-twenty per cent-Robert Calverly- Rupert Dacre. Right, sir; right as a bank. And now, gentlemen, another glass." Bob rose to fill his, and so doing, did not notice a rapid movement by which Dacre, who had been apparently scribbling carelessly on a piece of paper, tossed it over to Ryle. Whether by accident or intention, the paper had a stamp on it. Many gentlemen do scribble carelessly even on stamped paper, even diplomatic sen- tences. The one more glass was finished, fresh cigars were lighted, and the gentlemen strolled into the porch. "One moment, Mr. Dacre," said Ryle, as Bob was buttoning up his great coat; "there is a little matter about a passport for a friend of mine. Perhaps you .will give me a little advice about it." "Excuse me Bob," said Dacre, and he and Ryle re-entered the library. Ryle's manner was completely changed now ; so changed that, had Bob seen it, he might have preferred Mr. Fleece's. His eye was very cold and keen, and there was no smile on hie lip. "Safe, I suppose, Mr. Dacre ?" he said, looking the secretary steadily in the face. "You know that as well as I do, Ryle," said Rupert, returning the look, or. your cheque wouldn't be in his pocket." " Perhaps not, Mr. Dacre," was the quiet answer, " Is his tether a long one !" " Long enough ; but I daresay you'll see him again. He is as fond of horses as you are; and if I were to give him a hint of that dark one you've been keeping so sung, he would be drop- ping down here pretty often. He told me the other day that he should like to put in a good thing for the Chester. Poor beggar ! he'll learn better some day, I suppose." " Under your hands he certainly will, Mr. Dacre ; but look here, that horse is for sale with all his engagements. Perhaps Mr. Calverly might buy him ; it would suit my book to a T if he did." "Shouldn't wonder," replied Dacre, carelessly. " I'll speak to him about it. It's as good a thing as he could do; for, to do you justice, Ryle, you are about as gentle a Philistine us he could hit upon." " So I am," said Ryle, dryly, leading the way into the hall. "Good-bye, Mr. Dacre, and"- just as they reached the door,-" Oh ! by-the- bye, that little renewal of yours is all right; and after adding it on to your note of to-day, I had better hand you this. Good-bye, Mr. Dacre. Good-bye, Mr. Calverly?-a pleasant drive." Had any one directly offered Mr. Rupert Dacre a commission for bringing a customer to a money-lender and horse-dealer, a blush might have risen to the unaccustomed cheek of the imperturbable diplomatist; for all that, "this" was a cheque for three hundred pounds. " Well," said Calverly, "that little matter is over-thanks to your kindness. As soon as I have squared up for last night, I am off to Loam shire." Chapter XA'II. SHOWS THE CLOVEN KOOT. " Shall you be home to dinner this evening, Cyril ?" Mr. Cyril Clmtteris, formerly of Dry-street, and now of Acacia-road, St. John's AVood, had dined out four nights running, nnd Carry was getting a little angry about it. Surely he might be a little more with her, considering what a lonely life she led. But, as her mother had often told her, men had no consideration, and Cyril appeared to possess that uinnly qualification to a greater extent than his pretty wife fancied. " Will you be home to dinner this evening, Cyril 1" she repented. Repeated it to a man who wns lounging care- lessly back in mi nrni-chnir, reading ii periodical with nu intensity that, to a wife not married a month, wns provoking. He looked up to answer, however, in n maimer quite ns unsatisfactory ns the scene it conveyed. " Can't say, really ; but don't wait for me I" Poor Carry had got used to this answer now, and so made no reply, but went away into her little drawing-room, and begun, with mi uncom- fortable sensation about her throat, to try what consolation might be got out of a pet canary. But though a canary is pretty enough, and perhaps interesting enough in the abstract, there is not much that is consoling in the feeding of it to a woman who begins to doubt whether she has chosen wisely. The white fingers were duly pecked nt as the sugar was administered ; the canary did his best in the way of a. song, hut still the canary wasn't her husband, and Curry felt very lonely indeed. Perhaps, if she woro to play, Cyril might come in mid talk to lier as ho used to do. So she sat down to the piano?her mother had been so proud of her playing, and so had Cyril professed to be in the days of their short courtship?and, with rather unsteady fingers, began a waltz, played it for a few minutes with no result, changed it to a gnlloj), then tried a waltz again, and at lust commenced a song, in the middlo of which, Cyril put his head in nt the door, and, carelessly saying "good-bye," went back into thc passage, through the garden, and out into tho road. Carry shut the piano, watched her husband ns he walked slowly up the road, tried to play with tho canary nguiu, and ended by throwing herself into an arm-chair, and crying bitterly. Poor child! Only one month married, mid crying bitterly. Naturally affectionate, her separation from her mother had intensified her feelings for her husband, mid she loved him very dearly indeed. But love can bo tried too fm sometimes ; nnd to be neglected one monthnfter marriage may fairly be called n trial. And neglected, and to some extent disillusioned, Carry had certainly been. Just ns no man is a hero to his valet de chambre, ns a good many men are by 110 means heroes to their wives. Cyril Chatteris wns eminently one of these. Tho first illusion once gone, he wns not a mau likely to establish another. Gentlemanly by training, and refined by instinct, his utter selfishness still stood in the way of that perfect good breeding founded on a consideration for thc feelings of others. He did not bent Carry, nor was he even harsh to her. But lie was very often indifferent, occasionally almost rudely so, and he decidedly neglected her. No woman likes to be left alone from eleven in the morning of one day till four or five in the morning of the next; and with Carry this lind become a common occurrence. For the first fortnight or so after their settlement in St. John's AArood, Cyril had been all that the girl could desire. He lind bought her nice dresses, channing jewellery, a " dear little cottage piano ;" nnd their tiny house was as prettily furnished a dovecote .as two birds'would care to coo hi. Cany would play and sing in the evening, or Cyril would read to her. lu the day they would go for long walks or drives into the country, and all went merrily. But this soon changed, and the most cruel part of it was that the poor girl, with the quick tact of her sex, saw tho reason for it?her husband had married beneath him. He felt it, aud she could, not deny it. ? In all that was good, and pure, and kindly, thc humbly-born woman was ns superior to tho cold, selfish man who had marred her life by marrying her, even more tlian he had marred his own?ns light is to darkness. But, intellectually, mid in those indescribable little belongings that breeding alone can teach, the inferiority was on the other side ; nnd the poor loving heart felt and groaned under the burden that had grown out of a fancied paradise of love, AVhen Cyril, in one of his confiding moods, would talk of that world of mind and intellect, to lier an unknown land, the poor little listener, trying hard?oh, so hard !?to appreciate what she knew to be utterly beyond her, saw, too clearly, that her husband gradually grew less and less animated, and at last with a smile of half contemptuous pity, called her "a dear little goose," aud took up a book. And so there came neglect on one side, pouting and a slight tendency to scold on the other; I more neglect ? more scolding ? reconciliation, followed by more neglect; nnd then, not scold- ing, but a sorrowful sense of injured affection, deepening into a feeling that Cyril, with nil his I intellectunl superiority, could neither understand nor appreciate. His wife still loved him very dearly, but his neglect lind brought about a habit' of reflection, and the wife Was beginning to see that, after nil, fairy Princes might turn into tyrants, and that lier own position was not quite so enchanting as she had imagined. To see, too, that it was rather an auouinlous position, lil the first days of their marriage, Carry had im- agined that Cyril would, when the honeymoon was over, bring some of his friends to see lier. Not that she cared about seeing any but him ; but the girl had her full share of womanly vanity, nnd it was only natural that she should like her husband's friends to see how fortunate he lind been in his choice. But the honeymoon passed over, and no ono came near them. Of his family sho had only spoken once to him ; mid before the dark look thnt came into his face ns she did so, she hud sunk into a silence on thnt subject not since broken. She had no female friends either. Cyril lind almost savagely for- bidden any correspondence with her motlier, mid ho had expressly told her not to make any ac- quaintances in the neighborhood. At first she had thought this hard ; but there was something about her near neighbors that soon made her shrink involuntarily from any attempt to know them. There were other things, too, that puzzled her about Cyril. He often came home, not tipsy exactly, but under the influence of wine; and then he was neither agreeable nor good-tempered. Once or twice, too, he did not come homo for two days, mid then Curry passed her time in alternate attacks of trembling fear, jealousy, anger, and bitter tears. And still no friends came to seo them ; silo dared not, for fear of offending the husband sho still loved, write to her mother, and female adviser she hud none. The pretty fairy bower that had looked so charming in the distance wns, in short, a bower of her own fancy. Tho fairy Prince who had ridden off with her was too like the false knight who only loved so long as it pleased him, mid then, selecting a fresh favorite, galloped care- lessly away. Like many others, Carry Mullion, or, ns sho wns called in thc neighborhood, Airs. Carter?thnt being tho name in which Cyril had taken tho house?had Hindu a sad, sad mistake, and wns finding it out only too soon. Of Cyril Chatteris?Air. Carter, of St. John's AVood?it cnn only be said thnt ho was, certainly as he deserved to be, very uneasy in his mind. He had reconciled his wife to tho chango of name mid retirement, by strongly drawn repre- sentations of the fearful consequences of his father's anger, and the frightened girl, unsup- ported by her mother, lind readily yielded to his wishes, Hut for all that he lived in n covert dread of a discovery. Some of his friends might see Carry, nnd tho affair might leak out. So he en- gaged bachelor lodgings in tho Albany, aud oc- casionally slept there, taking every caro only to go out to St. John's AVood in the most unpretend- ing mnnner, and, whenever he could, after dusk. He went out, however, with Carry, us little ns he could, and soon [became so exacting and dis ever stirred abroad ; and then sho drooped, and i " the fresh cheek began to look slightly palo mid ol wan, nnd Cyril became moro nervous than over, j st AVus this fear of discovery never to end I Should p he take her abroad, or ^lmt should ho do ? Day iv by day the worry, t!j pltrain on his mind, grew more lind more heavy ; and nt Inst, finding that ri his balance nt the banker's would bear the si expense, he determined to take Carry abroad. I a This determination made, ho came homo one si evening in a decidedly better humor, and told tl Carry?in words and tones so like those she had ti once listened to, thnt they made her cheek glow, y and her heart flutter?that he was going to take h her on tho continent. i h Poor Carry, worn out with loneliness and p pining, was delighted with the chance of a y change ; and as, -leaning on Cyril's arm, she : h walked round and round the garden, the fairy ' d Prince seemed to have come back to the bower ' m he lind so long deserted. " How yon shiver, duding !" said Cyril,nsthey tl stood by the garden gate. " Let me get you a tl shawl." -i I v He lind not spoken or acted so considerately ! for days now ; and as she stood by the gate I waiting for him, Carry felt that all lier old linppi- j, ness was returning. , a The sound of horses' feet was heard on the ! road. She looked up mechanically. Two ii gentlemen rode slowly by. One she recognised u as the gentleman who lind once trod on her ' c dress and followed her. He fixed his eyeson her ? n with the old meaning look ; and, as before, she colored nnd turned away. It might have been thought that Mrs. Manton ' I would have wept and bewailed herself at her daughter's departure ; on the contrary, she was somewhat elated after the first few days. AVomen, especially women in the nineteenth century, nre apt to regard the present as nil in all ; and the worldly widow comforted herself with the reflection that her dear Carry?that delicate little bait with which she had luigled so success- fully?was safely married to a young mnn who, though " no fool," wns ensily to be moulded to the will of the conquering wife. She was not a poetical old lady, this Dyni" street lodging-house keeper; bo, though fond and proud of her daughter, she did not neglect her household duties, in order to weep with picturesque grief in the hack parlor, but set her face resolutely to the task of finding out the history nnd prospects of her son-in-law. This was not so easy a matter. Cyril's friends were not lier friends, nor his people her people ; she could not extract information in the course of a morning call, but, failing access to thnt modern estrappado, she had another method?an evening tea. Mrs. Manton projected a tea party. She would ask Binns and Bland. She doubted if Bland would come, but Binns she could count on, The poor youth had been undergoing tor tures which seemed to him terrible. Despite Bland's consolations, which did not in the least console, he could not tear the imnge of his love from his plebeinn heart. In vain ho wrote, read, and wrapt up sugar. In vain did he think of Chatterton (who perished in his prime), of Shelley, of Byron. In vain did he attend work- ing men's meetings, mid speak there with such rude eloquence as nature imd the " Enfield Speaker " permitted him. In vain wns he made secretary to a branch of a AVorking Man's Association, (object, " the Bloated Aristocrat,") lu vain did he assume cynicism and write poetry. Carry's ghost haunted him; her dnrk eyes dazzled lu's waking sight, her slight form flitted through his nightly visions, her white hands plucked back his soaring soul, and would not let it soar. So Binns grovelled. He confessed that he grovelled. Confessed it with mnch heart sickness and gnashing of teeth. The sun of his passion melted the wax of his Icarinn wings, aud he tumbled to prosaic earth. If you can imagine the feelings of n poet who cannot write poetry, 1 you can realise Binns' condition. He agonised y to write, but his agonies were in vain ; he tossed ;t and tumbled on bis narrow bed, and Yowed that he would make the world recognise the name of Binns?alas ! the world went on its worldly way, and Binns wrapped up his sugar in silence. AVhen he received Mrs. Mantua's invitation, you may be sure that ho was delighted. He should hear about his Love again ; he should be able to scowl and affect indifference, and to nourish his Passion. Binns revelled itt capital letters, and never thought save in heroics. He would go to the party mid be miserable to his heart's content he inwardly vowed. Perhaps, by some wild chance, the Beloved might bo there, and then?0, bliss?he could look the other way all the evening. Self-torment is a luxury to lovers. 1 have known young men dress themselves with feverish delight to go to ii ball, in order that they might persistently dance with other damsels thnn the adored ; indeed, one young friend of mine who, making three guineas a week and spending ten, goes through life under the happy delusion that he is earning his bread by literature, has walked live miles in the rain in order thnt he might pass through tho room whcio his love wns placed for sale, and pretend not to see her. Binns was un adept at self-torment, mid promised himself much pleasure nt the contemplation of his woe. AVhen he arrived, however, he was somewhat unpleasantly astonished at seeing a "swell" lounging on one of Mrs. Mouton's uncomfortable ottomans. He turned to Bland, who was pre- paring?good genial soul?to beam gratitude on his hostess, mid was not reassured by tho puzzled expression which suddenly over-spread that gentleman's face. " lt's Dacre ! AA'hat can he want here i" "I know him," whispered Binns eagerly, ns he pulled off his cont in the' passage ; " ho's a friend of his, Mr. Blinni, and ho came down to the shop ono day to ask after him." " Mr. Rupert Dacre was in grenl force, evidently. He was faultlessly dressed in tho quietest of purple, mid fine linen. His social stop wns on, and ho was discoursing eloquent music. " He had just dropped in by the request of his friend Chattel-is,. to enquire about a port- manteau. No portmanteau here'! Oh ! lin, ha 1 Mistake of his poor friend?young married men, you know, do forget', these things. Well, never mind," (taking out watch). " He lind plenty of time; wns engaged to look in nt tho French Ambassador's in tho course of tho evening, and? what! " Slop to ten ! My dear madam ! Delighted ?but urgent business; unhappy private secretaries to ministers, you know?Well, really now, if you persist, my dear madam." Airs. Manton was radiant. The very mun for her purpose. Sho was thirsting for nows of her son-in-law, and here was a messenger dropped immediately tit lier feet. Moreover, tho vista of good society wns opening before her. 'This bearded gentleman wits evidently some one. ll is conversation showed it; and she trembled with ' eustacy ns sho heard him accept lier invitation to j " tea with us." I think, however, thnt the fuet of tho matter wns, thnt the astute Rupert lind j started from homo Hint evening with tho express purpose of stopping to tea, ami that the other- wise wily widow lind fallon into his snai-e. Binns scowled at him ; but even Binns, the ¦ radical and poet, was mit proof against the con- summate ease and genial smiles of tho "bloated I aristocrat." "Smiles and small talk ure our stock-in-lmdo, mid wo have the cads on the hip there, my boy," would Dncre say. "They may think as much as they Uko, but thoy can't tall; you know." As to Uland, Dacre overwhelmed him in a moment. " My dear Mr. Dlnnd, we i have met before in public but never in private? permit me to shako hands with you. I assure : you timi your unino luis been known to mo ? longer limn you imagine. Ah ! Mrs. Manton ' dabblers ill literature like myself are forced to acknowledge?but I won't flatter, my dear sir." Bland stammered something. He never liked the too genial friend of his chief, and detected the false ring in his complimentary metal, but ' what could he say i ' " Mr. Dacre, Air. Binns ? Mr. Binns, AL'. Ducie," exclaimed the widow, in that double jointed fashion of introduction'which prevails . among ladies of her stamp and education. ! "Mr. Binns! Dear me, how strange. lam meeting all the lions to-night. Pray, my dear madam, is this thc Air. Binns whoso speech concerning ' Manhood Suffrage' created such ; a sensation." BitniB was astonished. " Oh, we know everything, my dear sir.," says 1 Dacie, airily. " I lind particulars of the speech the next morning. A'ou are dangerous fellows, you young democrats ? dangerous fellows. AVheales was spenking of you thc other day." Binns flushed with joy. To be called s " dangerous fellow" by such nn accomplished dandy ns the niau before him was pleasant to the senses, but to be told that the great AVheales, the inspired AVheales, thc reformed aud reform- ing Whcnles, hud spoken of him, was bliss almost too great to bear, and for un instant the name of Binns seemed to be inscribed on the blazing scroll of fame, concerning which Bland had dis- coursed so eloquently. The shabby reporter had retired to a corner of tho room, and, after rumpling his hair wildly with his knuckly hands, hud subsided into n dis- cussion upon crochet and Balfe's music, with Miss Perkin, a red-nosed young Indy, who wns considered " very genteel" in private circles Two more young Indies, one frigid nnd severely aristocratic, named Jittlebury; and thc other, plump and rosy, with dove-like eyes and stubby fingers, whose papa taught music in the classic regions of the Edgewnre-rond, sat together and admired Mr. Dacre, the chubby one tittering nt intervals. The ten proceeded merrily. Bland began to thaw, and talked really well. Dacre flirted outrageously with nil tho females; and Binns, having had his life made a burdell to him by reason of buttered toast, and the necessity for "handing" the same, had almost forgotten his wrongs in listening to his enemy tho "swell." : j As Dacre had said, "small talk wns his stock ! in-trade." He rattled away upon all imaginable ? subjects, and never once winced when Airs, i ' Manton sucked the butter from her fingers, or ; | Miss Jittlebury choked in attempting to drink s ] her, tea in what she considered to be an aristo i eratic manner. His stories of the maimers and ) customs of the aristocracy were delightful, and , the exquisite manner in which he described Lord j Chalkstoue's flirtation with Lady Emily Sanssou, I nt once convinced the party thal he was what i Alias Jittlebury termed hon famheel with the t British aristocracy. By-and.by, a song was b suggested, and Dncre gravely led the fair Jittle t bury to the cracked piano, and bent his. graceful s figure over her chair, while that virgin warbled 1 tho songs of the secretary's boyhood, under the e happy delusion that she was amusing him. He ?, bore it all with the most perfect fortitude, and 1 it wns not until Miss J., assisted by Binns, in 1 funned the company that she was "going fur t away, j fdr away from Forjiiietle," that Dacre ' crossed the room mid sat down on thc rickety I sofa, which supported the noble form of the widow Mnnton. "And when did you hear last from your daughter, Mrs. Mnnton ?" said he. The widow was taken aback. She did not like to say that she had never heard from her daughter since that daughter had been spirited away from her protecting arms by the infuriate son-in-law ; she could not openly tell him that f the very purpose for which she had asked him to stay was to discover where that daughter wns living. She did not like to appear at a loss for an answer, so she lied. " Last Wednesday," says she. il Dacie, ignorant of nil things, wns [mt off his h guard by this sudden reidy. "Oh ! indeed ! All ! I suppose sho comes to see you frequently. St. John's AVood is within easy walking distance.'' d Not a muscle of the wary widow's faco relaxed b as she heard the intelligence she longed for. J " Yes," she replied ; " but Mr. Chattoris is so much occupied with his literary labors that he fi seldom goes bout, and ho don't like his wife to travel about alone, which is^nnteml, more especial y ns she is a young thing, which never knew what it is to want a mother's protecting hann, though of course a husband's is very similar, if not more so." "Exactly," replied Rupert. "Air. Chatteris is very hard-worked." I " He is, indeed ; what with his papers mid his 1 money matters, ho hnint a .moment to hisself, 1: i mid Hint's the reason why I see so little of him. Ah ! Well?none but a mother knows a mother's feelin's," added she, with ii heavy sigh. D.iero said, "He supposed not," mid fell to I thinking. "Chatteris' literary labors." Then- 1 ho wns writing again. Moreover, tho "little thing" iran "Mrs. Chatteris" evidently, or, at k all ovents, her motlier thought she was. .Strang* li sort of scrape" Muster Cyril has got into. He smiled sweetly ns he thought what a great dis- covery ho hud mudoj nnd, on the song ceasing, thanked tho Jittlebury with such cmprcssciiient, thnt Hope began to flutter in that gentle maiden's I breast, and to tell his flattering tale with whispered hints of St. George's and "Good li society." But the widow had not dono with her guest yet. " Shall wo 'ave a gamo er whist! I know you piny, Jtr. Dncre. Jooliei-; my love" (to the chubby one), "git out the cards ! Mr. Blinni, come nnd play a rubber." Dacro for tho moment was overcome. Tho widow was irresistible, mid before ho could frame a decent excuse for departure, he found himself scated at a very shaky table with tho widow as a partner, and " Joulicr " cutting with that lady for tho privilcgo of dealing. Tho Miiiitoniiiu idea of whist was somewhat opposed to that entertained by Mrs. Sarah Battle. She laughed mid talked, mid recovered cards, and marked points which she had no right to mark, and yet played with ii certain boldness and de fianco that, when joined to the prudence of Dncre, proved beyond measure successful. Bland and the unhappy chubby one, who revoked three times, mid trumped pour Blinni's trick twice, were mulct in the sum of four mid sixpeneo each, lo Mrs. Mullion's great delight;' Dacie bo having " quito the gentleman," nnd gallantly refusing "Joolier's" ninney with a bow linda compliment that made tho virginal ems of the fair Jittlebury tingle with jealousy. During the progress of the gnuie, however Dacie elicited thnt'Binns had been a devoted lover of Curry's ere Chatteris appeared, mid that hu was still supposed to be Bullering the pangs of despised love. Ho also found out that tho marriage had taken place quietly, and that Cyril | lind been obliged to go down to his brother's funeral on the same day. "Accounts for tho young cub hoing so melan- choly," thought he. "I wonder what bowns f about in the library with that Ffrench girl. Afy supposition was wrong?he couldn't have pro- posed to her. Hum ! Alliiirs look complicated. If that old humbug Chatteris wns to discover that his sou hail married this girl, ho would priibaby cut him nfl' with tho proverbial shilling. I wonder to whom he'd leave his money. The | Ffrench girl, I suppose. Ah !?ho ought to have saved money, too, old Chatteris. I might do worse, upon my soul. I must confess, however, , that fur my purl, I lunch prefer Mrs. Chattoris. Bad taste, perhaps, bul, by Jove, the day I saw her in the garden she looked divine. If 1 was sure that she wasn't married, I'd?but no, my j wild days aro over. 1 must go in for position, and all that sort nf thing. AVhat a glorious old tartar the mother is ! I have stumbled on strange society. That young ?£'; Key, Binns, for example, and that prosy- headed old blockhead, Bland. Perhaps I might make some use of Master Binns. He is just the sort of cad who knows all about the working of these miserable j meetings. Mr. Binns 1" Binns bent forward. " I am going to ask you rather a rude question, but I wish yon would let ino have your address. Sometimes we official fellows hear of things which?you understand?" Binns did not understand the least in the world, but visions of official fame and political intrigue rose before him, as he blushed and handed the smiling secretary a limp card, whereon was printed the address of his employing grocer. " Mr. Bland lives with me," lie said, ns if that fact cast a halo of intellect round the spot. "Oh, indeed ! Ah ! \ery pleasant. Literary chat, eh ! Two congenial minds ! Then, a letter sent til this address will always find you '!" "Always." " Upon my word, I nm very tillich obliged lo you, and now I must really think of saying good night. It is half-past nine. Really, Airs. Manton, your ten has been so excellent, and I have passed such an agreeable evening, that I lind quite forgotten the French Ambassador. I shall barely have- time to get home and dress. Good night, and thanks for your very pleasant evening." Before he could quit tho room, a ring wns heard at the door-hell. "Good gracious ! who can that be?" exclaims the hostess. Jfuria Jane, that long suffering domestic, lind opened the door, and a faint scream was heard, ns though that young woman had experienced that affection known among her kind as " a start." "Lor, ilium," cries she, regardless of ceremony in her surprised eagerness, " it's Aliss Carry I" .Miss Carry it was beyond a doubt. Miss Curry in elegant attire, Aliss Carry exquisitely gloved omi delicately booted, but Miss Curry with agitated mien nnd closely-drawn veil. The assembled party could not have been more astonished if a thunderbolt had fallen in the midst. Mrs. Mnnton clasped her daughter to her broad Ijobuiii, in wonder-stricken affection. Bland suffered from Iris constitutional sympathy with persons in distress, tho fair Jittlebury inndo preparations for fainting on tho shortest notice, Joolier screamed, and poor Binna felt his heart knock nt his ribs os lie sank spccchloxsly into the nearest chair. Dacre was the only ono present who preserved his equanimity. " A llutter in tho dovecot, evidently I By Jove, how lovely she looks !" " What is it, my precious, then V asks tho Manton. " Hush ! don't give way, dear?seo all the people." But Carry was ovidently overcome with grief, for she could do nothing but sob violently. " Take me away, mother," she whispered. Dacro came tu the rescue. " You aro tired, All's. Chatteris, I seo. Mrs. Manton, you had better let your daughter lio down for a little. Her nerves have been shaken by something or othor. Don't speak, my dear madam, I beg. Good night." As tho door closed upon the mother and daughter, escorted by the sympathising Jittle- bury, the genteel Perkin, and tho agitated Jonlier, he resumed, in his airiest tones, " Come, Bland, we had better go. Some little family quarrel, I suppose. My young friend Chattoris is so hot tempered. Amantiitm. irw, you know,?umoris intiyrutio. AVhat a lovely night for walking ! You're sure about that address, Air. Binns ? Good night, then," and he was gone. But not to the French Ambassador's. He turned down the street towards the north-west part of town, mid then suddenly stopped. " If hu had been nt home," said ho, " he would have stopped her coming. Now, il! Allister Cyril is from hollie at niuo in tho evening he would not bo homo before tho small hours, i'll go to the Peyasn*; he's sure to bo there." Bland and Binns wondered much on their homeward way. " He's been ill-trcatiu' lier, the scoundrel; I know ho liius 1" cries the ferocious Binns. " D?ii hint, if I thought he had, I'd murder him !" "Jfy dear fellow!" expostulates tho gentle Bland. " Oh ! it's nil right of course. But?well, never mind, I'm a miserable beggar I know, but I wouldn't strike a woman, lt's tho net of a menu, dastardly coward ! And yet this man is honored and respected," continued the Orator, addressing tho street lumps. " He lins friends, mid wealth, and home. Curses on the miserable social system Hint binds mon ns sluves to Hie wheels of the revolving car of Juggernaut!" Bliind laughed, but very gently. " Ary dear boy, you talk nonsense, and assume what may bo untrue. Tho car of Juggernaut doesn't revolve, and you have no proof that Air. Chatteris hus been ill-treating his wife." Binns growled, but made no reply, [To hi: ruSTlKl'l:!!.] 