THE MYSTERY AT FERN WOOD, Continued.! I told her that I could do nil I wanted for myself ; but before she left me I could not resist asking her one ' question about tho mysterious invalid. "Are Mr. William's rooms at this end of the house 1" I asked. The woman looked at me with an almost scared expression, and was silent for a moment. "HnsMr. Laurence been saying anything \- to you about M r. William 1" she said, rather anxiously as I thought. Mr Lnurence and. his sister Miss Lucy were both talking of her just now " O, indeed, miss," answered the woman I with an air of relief ; " the poor gentleman's rooms are at the other end of the gallery, miss." " Has he lived here long 1 " I asked. " Nigh upon twenty .years, miss — above twenty years, I'm thinking." " I suppose ho is distantly related to the family." " Yes, miss." "And quite dependent on Mr. Mendalel" " Yes, miss." " It is very good of your master' to have : supported him for so many years, and to keep him in soch comfort." " My master is a. very good man, miss." The woman seemed determined to give me as little information as possible j but I could \ not resist one more question. " How is it that in all these years Mr. Laurence has never seen this invalid relation 1 " I asked. It seemed that this question, of all others, was the most embarrassing to the housekeeper. She turned first red and then pale, and said, in a very confused manner, " The poor gentle- man never leaves his room, miss; Mr. Laurence has such high spirits, bless his dear heart, and -lias such a noisy, rackety way with him, that 'lie is no fit company for an invalid." It was evidently useless trying for further information, so I abandoned the attempt, and bidding tbe housekeeper good afternoon, began " to dress my hair before the massive oak- framed looking-glass. " The truth of the matter is," I said to my- solf, " that after all there is nothing more to bo ' .said about it. I have tried to create a mystery out of the simplest possible family arrange- ; ment. Mr. Wendale had a bedridden relative, too poor and too helpless to support himself. What more natural than that he should give him house-room in this dreary old mansion, " where there seems space enough to lodge a regiment 1" I found the family assembled in the draw ing-room. Mr Wendale was the wreck of a very handsome man. He must in early life have resembled Laurence; but, as my lover had said, it seemed indeed as if he and the house and grounds of Fernwood had fallen into decay together. But, notwithstanding his weak state of health, he gave us a warm welcome, and did j.t Lio ltnrivxiinKln /linnoii lo V\1 n tul Kll lillo iiuuuuio ul mid uunpini'ic vuuuli w»u»w "" the easy grace of a gentleman. After dinner, my aunt and Lady Adela sat ' at one of the windows talking ; while Laurence, Lucy, and I loitered upon a long stone terrace outside the drawing-room, watching the last low crimson streak of the August sunset fade : behind the black trunks of the trees, and melt \- away into faint red splashes upon the water- pools amongst the brushwood. We were very " happy together ; Laurence and I talking of a " hundred different subjects — telling Lucy our . London adventures, describing our fashionable friends, our drives and rides, fetes, balls, and : dinners ; she, with a grave smile upon her lips, listening to us with almost maternal patience. " I must take you over the old house to- 1 morrow, Isabel," Laurence said in the course of the evening. I suppose Lucy did not tell you that she had put you into the haunted \- room?" " No, indeed 1" "You must not listen to this silly hov, my dear Isabel," said Miss Wendale. " Of course, '.'like other old, houses, Fernwood can boast its ghost-story ; but since no one in my father's v lifetime has ever seen the phantom, you may \- imagine thnt it is not a very formidable one." " But you own there is a ghost ! " I exclaim- ed eagerly. " Pray tell me the story." " I'll tell you, Bella," answered Laurence, " and then you'll know what sort of a visitor to expect when the bells of Fernwood church, hidden away behind the elms yonder, tremble on the stroke of midnight. A certain Sir Humphrey Wendale, who lived iu the time of Henry the Eighth, was wronged by his wife, a very beautiful woman. Had he acted accord ing to tho ordinary fashion of the time, ho would have murdered the lady and his rival ; but our ancestor was of a move orignal turn of mind, and he hit upon an original plan of ven geance. He turned every servant out of Fern wood House ; and one morning, when the uri happy lady was sleeping, he locked every door of the mansion, secured every outlet and inlet, and rode away merrily in the summer.sunshine, leaving his wife to die of hunger. Fernwood is lonely enough even now, Heaven knows! ! but it was lonelier in those distant days. A passing traveller may now andthenhaveglanced upward at tho smokeless chimneys, dimly visible across the trees, as he rode under the park palings ; hut none ever dreamed that the deserted mansion had one luckless tenant. Fifteen months afterwards, when Sir Humphrey rode homo from foreign travel, he had some difficulty in forcing tho door of the chamber in which you are to sleep : the withered and skeleton form of his dead wife had fallen across the threshold." " What a horrible story !" I exclaimed with a shiver. " It is only a legend, dear Isabel," said Lucy; " liko all tradition, exaggerated and distorted into due proportions of poetic horror. Pray do not suiter your mind to dwell upon such a fable." " Tndeed, I hope it is not true," I answered. " How fond people are of linking mysteries and horrors such as this with the history of an old family ! And yet we never fall across any such family mystery in our own days." I slept soundly that night at Fernwood, undisturbed by the attenuated shadow: of Sibyl Wendale, Sir Humphrey's unhappy wife. 1 The bright sunshine was reflected in the oak panels of my room, and tho larKs wero singing aloft in a cloudless blue sky, when I awoke. I found my aunt quite reconciled to her visit. " Lady Adela is a very agreeable woman," she said ; " quiet, perhaps, to a fault, but with that high-bred tone which is charming. Lucy Wendale seems a dear good girl, though I evidently a confirmed old maid. You will find her of inestimable use when you aie married — that is to say, if you ever have to manage this great rambling place, which will of course full to your lot in the event of poor Mr. Wendale's death." As for myself, I was as happy at Fernwood as tho August days wero long. Lucy Wendale rode remarkably well. It was the only amuse ment for which she oared ; and she and her horses wero on terms of the most devoted attachment. Laurence, his sister, and I were therefore constantly out together, riding amongst the hills about Fernwood, and ex ploring the eountry for twenty miles round. ; Indoors, Lucy left us very much to ourselves. 1 She was the ruling spirit of the house, and but for her everything must have fallen utterly to i decay. Lady Adela read novels, or made a feeble attempt at amusing my aunt wish ner conversation. Mr. Wendale kept his room I until dinner ; while Laurence and I played, sang, sketched, and rattled the billiard-balls over tho green' cloth whenever bad weather drove us to indoor amusements. One day, while sketching the castellated facade of the old mansion, I noticed a peculiar circumstance connected with the suite of rooms occupied by the invalid, Mr. William. These rooms were at the extreme left angle of the building, and were lighted by a rango of six windows. I was surprisod by observing that every one of these windows was of ground glass. I asked Laurence the reason of this. " Why, I believe the glare of light was too much for Mr. William," he answered ; " so my father, who is the kindest creature in Christendom, had the windows made opaque, as you seo them now." " Has the alteration been long made 1 ' "It was made when I was about six years old; I have rather a vaguo recollection of the event, 'and I should not perhaps remember it but for one circumstance. I was riding about down here one morning on my Shetland pony, when my attention was attracted by a child who was looking through one of those windows. I was not near enough to see his face, but! fancy he must have been about my own age. He beckoned to "mo, and I was riding across tho grass to respond to his invitation, when my sister Lucy appeared at the window and snatched the child away. I suppose he was some one belonging to the - female attendant upon Mr. William, and had strayed unnoticed into the invalid's rooms. I never saw liim again ; and the next day a glazier camo over from York, and made the alteration in the windows." " But Mr. William must lmve air ; I suppose the windows are sometimes opened," I said. "Never; they are each ventilated by a single pane, which, if you observe, is open now." " I cannot help pitying this poor man," I said, after a pause, " shut out almost from the light of heaven by his infirmities, and deprived of all society." " Not entirely so," answered Laurence. " No one knows bow many stolon hours my sister Lucy devotes to her poor invalid." " Perhaps he is a very studious man, and finds his consolation in literary or scientific " T oolil « rlnPH ho rond verv much 1" ill aiuuo) . — — — - — j t " I think not. I never heard of his having any books got for him." tn," But one thing has puzzled me, Laurence," I continued. " Lucy spoko of him the other clay as a young man, and yet Mrs. Porson, your housekeeper, told me he -had lived at Fernwood for upwards of twenty years." " As for. that," answered Laurence carelessly, " Lucy no doubt remembers him as a young man upon his first arrival here, and continues to call him so from mere force of habit. But, pray, my little inquisitive Bella, do not rack your brains about this poor relation of ours. To tell the truth, I havo become so used to his unseen presence in the house, that I have ceasod to think of him at all. I meet a grim woman, dressed in black merino, coining out of the green-baize door, and I know that she is Mr. William's nnrse ; or I see a solemn- faced man, and I am equally assured that he is Mr. William's servant, James Beck, who has grown grey in his office ; I encounter tho doctor riding away from Fernwood on his brown cob, and I feel convinced that he has just looked in to see how Mr. William is going on ; if I miss my sister for an hour in the twi light, I know that she is in the west wing talking to Mr. William ; but as nobody ever calls upon me to do anything for tho poor man, T think no more of the matter.'? . I felt these words almost a reproof to what might have appeared idle, or even impertinenti curiosity on my part. And yet the careless indifference of Laurence's manner seemed to jar upon my senses. Could it be that this glad and high-hearted being, whom I so tenderly loved, was selfish — heedless of the sufferings of others 1 No, it was surely not this that prompted his thoughtless words. It is a positive impossibility for one whoso whole nature is life and motion, animation and vigour, to comprehend for one brief moment the horror of the invalid's darkened rooms and solitary days. Unclaimed Letters. — List of letters (No. IG) returned from tho country, and now lying at the General Post Office, Sydney, unclaimed : — Ship Letters.— 49, II. A. Crouch, Young ; 50, Vulentino Crowley, Adelong ; 10, T— IJn«.l T nmUiitn T?ln+ A Tnlin floa TltV- j1iu, i'uiu) aiuv) wwuii cutta; 18, G. Mingory . Godfrey, nearTumut; 31, George Hodgkins, Yass ; 43, James Mont gomery, Yass ; 48, Mrs. E. Mortimer, Yass ; 11, Miss Perry, Yass ; 33, Miss Catherine Ryan, Yass ; 20, Donnis Townsend, Yass. Inland Letters.— 45, William Ansoll, Bungendore ; 46, W. S. Ariel, Quoanbeyan ; 73, William Bermudy, I Quoanbeyan (2) ; 89, Thomas Birmingham, Young; 118, 11. Boso, Murrumbidgee R. ; 136, Phillip Braddon, Young; 142, Mrs. Braham, Young; 155, Mrs. Brennan, Yass; 196, Jno. Brown, Juneo (3) ; 229, James Burns, Young ; 251, Mrs. Byrne, Young ; 41, Mr. Carter, Yass ; 127, James Collins, Mutt Billy ; 128, Mrs. F. Collins, Young ; 153, Jno. Cook, Yass; 155, J. Cooke, Yass ; 225, Robert Cutting, Young ; 23, Robt. Duvis, Yass Road ; 62, J. Dighton, Quean- beyan ; 123, Thos. Dwyer, Yass ; 25, Mr. Ewons, Young ; 24, Jno. Gaven, Yass ; 34, T. B. Gibbons (dead), Burrowa; 35, Peter Gibbons, Quean- beyan; 63, Mr. Ooldspink, Pomingalarine ; 98, Thos. Green, Lambing Flat; 112, Win. Guest, Young ; 117, Miss E. Gurnett, Yass ; 79, Yfm. Hayes, Burrowa; 111, Jno. Herbert, Younfc; 21, W. Jauncey, Ynss ; 31, Mr. Jenkins, Wom bat; 41, James Johnson, Young; 7, Thos. Keary, Yass; 13, Jaraos Kelly, Young; 26, James Kennedy, Tnrcutta ; 47, Michael Kerrins, Young; 20, James- Lankaster, Young; 30, Patk. Lawler, Burrowa ; 41, M. Lee, Yuss ; 48, Alexr. Losina. Gunninc (2) : 66, J. Linnogan, Young ; 77, A. Lonely, Yass; 86, Wm. Lowe, Yoss; 17, Patk. Mulone, Gunning; 90; Geo. M'Farlane, Yass ; 98, A. M'Ginnis, Young ; 106, Wm. M'Guire, Yass; 114, M. M'Innerney, Young; 13S, Mr. M'Leod, Young; 151, A. M'Nully, Yass ; 170, Mrs. Moanderson, Lambing Flat; 194, Jacob Millor, Young; 228, Manrico Mooro, Bungendore (2) ; 271, G. F. Mnnk, Young; 282, Mrs. D. Murphy, Young; 287, James Murray, Young; 6, Patrick O'Brion, Young; 23, Miss O'Mally, Yass; 20, J. Pater- son, Yass ; 42, Goo. Ponzer, Bitmlong ; 78, Henry Prince, Stony Creek, Young;' 16, Jas. Rnynor, Yass; 23, Jno Reid, Yass ; 42, R. Reynolds, Gunning ; 94, Thos. Roche, Yass ; 95, J. Roche, Yass; 119, Mrs. Sophia Ryan, Bur rowa (2) ; 30, R. Scott, Yass ; 75, J. Slocombe, Bungendore ; 111, Mrs. E. Smith, Young (2) ; 126, James Smith, Yass ; 154, Aaron Steonbhom, Quoanbeyan.; 27, Chas. H. Thomas, Murrura- burroh ; 66, Wm. Naftol Tranter, Adelong Crossing ; 77, J. Tuekwell, Yass ; 36, Mrs. G. Ward, Young ; 46, W. Warron, Young; 64, G. O. Welch, Gnndaroo (3) ; 73, Mrs. Welsh, Yass; 78, Frnnk Weston, Tumut; 95, J. White, Yass, (2); 121, Miss Willinms, Yass ; 156, Mr. Wilson, Young; 177, Jno. Wright, Yass. "Lex" on tub No-Governor Crisis. — "Lox," writing to tho S. M. Herald, has tU fAllntwinr ramanlro linnn I.Ha TlPftllUnr llliu 1uiiui1 twuiuinu «mv | circumstances of tho present crisis : — " The commission of Sir Herculos Robinson as Governor was, on tho 11th June, 1872, ordered by the Assembly to be printed, and it will be found among tho Votes and Proceedings of that body. By that commission it is docjared by her Majesty that in tho event of Sir Hercules Robinson's " death, incapacity, or absence," tho outhority granted to him thoroin shall be vested in the person appointed by the Queen under the sign manual and signet ns Administrator— pro vided, however, that such powers shall not bo | vest until the Administrator has taken the oaths appointed to be taken by the Governor himself. From this it necessarily follows that Sir James Martin is at this moment tho duly appointed Administrator of tho Government by the Queens commission , and that he will become under this commission clothed with all the powers of Governor on his being sworn in. Under these cir cumstances his right to act does not depend upon any "full and mutual understanding of the situation," " between Sir Hercules Robinson and tDO secretary oi state, ur ueuneeu u"jr persons, and it' is idle and absurd to say that in I this matter " tho British Minister left the Go vernor and his Cabinet to act at their own discretion and under their powers." In the appointmont of j Administrator they have no discretion to oxercise, and they possess no powers. The Queen, who gave the outhority as Govornor to Sir Hercules Robinson, has also given the like authority to tbe Chief Justico ; ond if Sir James Martin takes the ouths proscribed, he becomes clothed with the powers of Administrator at once. It would Beem from the last sentence of the paragraph on which I am now commenting that Sir Herculos Robinson himself proposed to have no Adminis trator during his absence, and that tho mere knowledge of that proposal has been regarded by him ond bis Cabinot as an assent by the Secretary of State to this disregarding of tho Quoen's com mission. It is exceedingly probable that .the Seoretory of State has not committed himself to any express approval of such a proceeding, and that Sir Hercules Robinson and his Ministers have themselves determined to act upon what thoy conceive to be their "powers." The situn- .tion is a gravo one. The Queen, with whom atone tho power rests to appoint an Adminis trator, has appointed one, and has directed when and how he is to assume office. The Governor and his Cabinet havo together determined not to let hor Majesty's commission take effect, and they think thnt they are justified in doing so because they infortnod tho Secretary of State of their intention. If the Secretary of State has given them his formal upproval, such nppi-oval can be of no moment, beciuse the matter is one in respect of which ho cannot give any orders or i instructions. If he has wisely kept silence in ' referenoo to the proposal, the uction of the Go- vernor nnd Cabinet is more reprehensible, though not moro illogal, than if ho hod joined them in his revolutionary proooeding. At this moment none of the ucts whioh the law requires a Governor personally to perform can be done. No lunntic can be sent to the Asylum, no salaries can be paid, no appointments can be made, except by the Governor or the Administrator. These and a hundred other funotions of Govern ment must remain in abeyance, or, if done, must bo done under the illegal sanction of Sir Horeules Robinson's signature to blank papers, signed by him before ho left, nnd having no force whatever during his absence." 