; The PopeTlad- tiie Germans. HiB Uolinkss' DBTnsrnoK. OF Sthe- Position ov the ?OBxm.cti: 'IN»Pbussia. ', A veht numerous and influential deputation of Germane -was received by the Pope at the Vatican' entile 22nd of April. The address to the Pontiff was read by Prince rurstenburg, and the Holy .father replied, in the It is, indeed, a great consolation to me to see you around me in a noble circle of faithful sons, and still more so when I reflect that your voices are the echo of those of all Catholic Europe which are lifted up to deplore the evils which afflict the Immaculate Spouse of Jesus Christ, the Holy jJoinan Church. .Nevertheless, the great solemni ties .which she places at this jseaBon before our eyes, anl especially -the memory of the Passion, tiie -supreme and mysterious triumph of our Divine Redeemer's love for us, should be for, me, as they are . for you, a subject of rejoicing, and exultation. Yes; this is, indeed, a Botemn season, in which it is most fitting that we;shbuld repall how many who remained indiffer ent to the . wonderful miracles wrought by our Saviour himself during his divine missions, were converted when they saw the great work of Re demption arrive at its term, and the soul of the only begotten Son return to the arms of the Eter nal Father. The sun was darkened at that terrible moment,' and darkness covered the whole earth:— ' Tcnebmtactce sum super umversamterram.' It was then that the good were confirmed in their re solution of following Nazaiene, . . On . the rest it produced. this phenomenon:- The weak and those led astray, seized with emotion, opened their eyes and saw in the niidet of the .obscurity that which they had not discerned in the fullness of light, and the recognised errors into which they bad beep., led. by the perfidy of tho Pharisees, the priests, and the impious; but those, on the con trary, remained plunged in their iniquity. The weak and the deceived cried out at that moment, ' Verily, this was the son of God.' They took courage aad declared themselves openly diBciples of the Hazarene.. \- My beleved eons, at the present moment the earth is once more covered with the darkness of ineredulity, and in certain parts of it the dark ness is the thicker because incredulity.-is joined to that infernal obscurity which takes its source from hatred to God and his ministers. But this dark-', ness itself reanimates the ' persons of the good, who, seeing the church unjustly^ persecuted, redouble their energy, and. full of courage, are preparing themselves to maintain heriights, and to do valient battle against the efforts of God's enemies. ' '. ' ' ?'?;' ' '?;' - .' „' '?' '' .' . The episcopate and the. clergy o| Germany, Switzerland, and in all parts of Christendom, united to the Christian people, and become iiToiir day a spectacle of admiration to the universe— to angefe, as well as to men. They' are as shining lights,, which draw towards tkem the eyes of all popula tions, and many Cliristians are thus brought to imitatate their example. Oportet enim wereses edit, -ut (piiprobalisunt, tnanifcslt Jlcmt in vobfe.' These errors and heresies proclaimed to-day, and stiU^Hore wickedly sustained and spread by cer tain men in power, cauee all generous 'hearts to maiiifest themselves by 'defending thetruth, die-, regarding penalties, threats and death itself. It ia thus that religion Bho we itself great and worthy and multiplies its 'disciples, who are thus sure, einbere, resolute and . constant ones. . It was said' in bid times 'that the blood of martyrs was' the seed of the Church and of new Christians. This ia^riiat is now . -happening. The firmness of a' graat multitude,' of which you form a part, mul-' tip)ies' the 'true adorer* iah. disciples of Jesus' Christ. But take heed, for- you must not halt on the way, ft counsel the more essential that raven ing wolves cease not to lay in wait for your faith ana lay snares for it. All means seem good to them. Tkey enter the fold by fraud; they em ploy violence by the aid of those in high places ; they' neglect nothing . in - order ? to (ittain their detestable end, which is tiie destruction of Chris-' tianity. True apostles of Satan, they relyom the tyrannical arrogance of certain men - fay the type of Sejanuf!,and persuada themsel roe that threats,. «xil«tind prisons vrill prepare the way for the' possible ?bolitien of all trace «f the Catholic aSS.'--/1- - ?.,;???;;..'.?.. ' .?...'? .???:.' ' ''But do you, placiog your confidence in tiie aid of Bod, redouble your efforts, and sever forget that human nature tends fatally towards weakness end decay, and remember that you must persevere wioi courage, sou uatne-wnenas put ins nana to tie plough muet not turn back. To oppose the infidel and wicked Press, then ; to persevere in action; to take charge *f youth; to protest by bU lesal means in faveur «f the lights of the Church, who never has been, and never will be, the servant, for God wills that he be mistress; end to uplift tout firms inprayer to heaven, and only to let them fall whea tiie enemy is humbled' and the sun has gone down. This, my eons, is tiie sum of your duties at the present tame ; these are tiie means I counsel you to employ, in otder that, united with your bishops, yon may see souls restored to peace —that relative peace which we are permitted to enjoy -in this Talley of our eiile— and the hus pension, if not the end, of the persecution of the Church of Christ Having said thus much, it only remains forme to raise my own hands to heaven and invoke a blessing on yoc, on your families and on all those who are absent, out whose sentiments you worthily represent and who think with and as you ' ' May the Eternal Father bless you and penetrate your souls 'with a ray of bis omnipotence in order to 'make you valiant champions of the faith, ever ready -to combat and crush the pride of his enemies. Hay the Eternal Son bless you and give you the -wisdom necessary to prevent the impious seducing you with their sophisms— that wisdom which gives you the fitting arms to confound error and refute impiety. ? May the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Love and Charity, bless you and descend into yonr hearts, Oh I Divule Spirits, thou wne art come dowE to kindle tiie earth with love, descend now, and by thy light destroy errors and cosvert sinners ! Come down and bless this people now before me and all thosewho are animated by the same sentiments, and who are spread over the faceof iheearth. May God Mess you, my beloved sons, now and for tiie rest' of your-daysj in jy Jjfe1 bless yoa at the hour of your deaths,, in order .that' you also-, committing, after tiie example of Jesus Christ, you* souls Into the hands of the Eternal Father, may be made worthy to bless him and praise him to- all eternity. Jjeiiedtdio Oei, 