TALtS AND SKETCHES- THEGHOST INHOLLY'LODUE. " The old lady lias taken Holly Lodge 1or three years." A low whistle est aped from the lips of a somewhat " swell " specimen ol the clerk VaHety, on this unuoiincilllCllt. " Uutlici- be mystlf than you, in that case, Charlie. Although from niue to live is rather too much - ol a £uod thing, when that thing is a desk, still, there is compensation to a certain degree." " A'ot a bird a fellow can shoot," went on Charlie, "or a. hare, or a rabbit ; not a bit ol hunting ; not a )iack of hounds for miles around. Those Grimshaws have done it—got 'round uiy lubtlier, knoiving that she lias daughters, and—suns " (with uieek emphasis); " aud now she is in lor that horrid old rookery lor three years! The GriniNhaus have ju. gone out, mid made u convenience oi the mater." ... " 11 1 were in your pUcc, I'd soon do the business ; but, Chu lie, you're a mull !—such a dear, darliiii: pot ! — you could not think oi being naughty ! No, not jou i" Now, Chailie was a good fellow in '•evvry ^unse ol 'the Aturd, but liud weakness, tic admired his brother as a" town swell," as he called him, aud also lor his personal appearance aud savoir faire; but lie was not above feeling just a little jealous of him especially when tlio last recommeudation was considered ; aud Frank cou'd stimulate liini to attempt anything by merely saying lie "could do it. Charlie pulled his short pipe lor some moments in sileuce, the puftiug becoming more rapid as time flew, uutil at last lie seemed to have a gleam of inspiration shed on him through the hazy clouds which filled the room. " 1 would not mind' betting a hamper ol champagnc that Tjel'oie six months are over our heads we are out of thin unpleasant hole." "Done; a dozen drunk on the premises here or there! How do you mean to effect the ejectment 1" " That remains to be seen. 1 have not hit it off yet; but il vou could do it, you know, why should 1 not, beiug your senior by eighteen months ?" Frank looked at him to sec if there was a gleam of humour iu liis brother's meaning, but bis face confirmed what his lips uttered in singleness of purpose. He evidently believed io his superior age. And theu each went his way for a time—Charlie to the country to help . move his " people," as he called his mother aud sisters, to their new home Up the house, and down the house, and round the house, lio loitered aud moved, and rucked his brain to think ol something as kuowing aud " sharp" as Frank would have thought of, to make the house untenable ; but lie was at his wits' cud, and there seemed no weak point to assail. Ue thumped the wall for hidden passages, in hopes of getting up a ghost, but even there he was baffled. Nothing could bo more liard/and material, and liiodei u, aud. r so U>. speak, enlightened, thau wie -except iu -one respect, aud that ho had suggested to his mother, but she <2id not niiud it. There was Vi'hal is called a vtilKstaircase—that Spiral—•with,>ro break to tho suecession of sliarp-pointed stairs tidcir- "cling a rail of banisters, which wou'tid np^ three storeys above ground, and jiown to a cellar t/clow. Tncie was no door to tilii "cellar Stairs, and us the kitchens and offices were behind: 'n"a wing, over which" were the ser- -v^«ts?—iooms, Charlie dwelt on th i'yrrpx ol rats, hut liis.si^eis did not iinind ; the rats would go il Charlie would only get a terrier or a lerret ; while his mother hinted at a cellar d -oi some day-. So lie had lo let the st.incase and the danger lo tile household, and his other arguments, be, as tliey say; but still he linuiitcd the house duiing the interval ol moving m. lie thought ol an ilJ;ili in h U f) mS suggestive o' a banshee, but tlu-ie was no place In which It could be suheptitidusly introduced, aud lie «as (diled Again ; anil alter peeriug into garrets, and getting himsell into a state ol dust and whitewash, which, would have lion iliod his lastidious biother, lie was about to give it up, and lorlen the champagne, when accidentally kicking an noli bolt iroin the sikyliyhl winch Was 01 1 t-he floor, it started on Us travels, and, to the iiFnu/.riiicul Ol our hero, gave him a long cliiiiie belore lie regiiiued it, in c n^ui]uenne \jf the peculiar loniidtiuii 'he iihiiuxiuus st.iirca.-e, winch. •V-out eclloe.-. in it.-, descent winch would have startlted WnV neivous; faAi.ly into convulsions. Weure told that Sir Isaac Newton discovered the atti..'c^«a of gravity by ail accident, liven as he first rushedtJowu to secure the lastetiihg, and. pautcd up again to lepluce it, the mind of Charlie Oalluu touk iu h similai flash ol inspiration, lie stood midway and looked up, aud then lie looked down, and tiicn. he loGkedinlo all the rooms to see il he was alone, to make suie that his secret was a seciet still, and then lie went airayj whistling geully, meditating meanwhile. Suddenly he becniue reconciled to the liou.-,e. He told liis mother he would give up the idea oi hliiiti. g and fishing, an.l sllOjtiug, and take to literature and larmiiig—that being ia allusion to the lew acres, called, grandiloquently, the domain, which sul'.oundid ilie huUSe. f 2b be concluded, in our nei' 