THE MAIL NEWS. The mail brought by the Baroda abounds with items of more than average interest. The doings of Parliament are sufficient alone to constitute an interesting budget, but in addition to tins the records of the London season, now at its height, are crowded with noteworthy incident. Prominent among the occurrences of the month is the visit of the Czar of Russia. Several circumstances conspired to make the presence of His Imperial Highness in England a popular event, and elaborate preparations were made to give him a thoroughly British reception. Although the programme as to his place of landing had to be changed at the last moment, it fortunately did not prevent his being treated with becoming distinction from the moment of his stepping ashore. The Imperial yacht was to have gone on to Gravesend, but the four specially-selected pilots in charge managed to run the vessel on to a sandbank, and. so Dover had the extreme felicity of giving the Czar his first welcome to England. Of his proceedings after landing the mail gives us only an imperfect account, but it is evident that he has been entertained in a manner befitting the splendid position he occupies as a ruler of nations and the intimate close relationship in which he now stands to the Royal .Family of Great Britain. Prominent among political topics is the scare the [nation has had respecting the "wooden" or rather "iron walls of England." The alarm arose through the tenor of the speech in which Mr. Ward Hunt, the first Lord of the Admiralty, moved the adoption of the Navy Estimates. Virtually he used the figures prepared by his predecessor, but in asking for a grant of £10,000,000 for the naval service during 1874-5 he drew so dismal a picture of the condition of the navy that the public were led to suppose that the time- honoured British fleet was on the point of dissolution. His remarks certainly gave the impression that the vaunted efficiency of this branch of Great Britain's defensive forces was an illusion, _and that the ironclads, upon which such immense sums have been spent, existed only on paper. He declared that of the forty-one ironclads on the roll only eighteen were fit for service. The remainder had either unsound hulls, faulty boilers, or some other serious defect, which rendered them of little use until they had undergoneextensive repairs. As might be expected, he wound upby hinting that a supplementary vote would be necessary if the navy was to be placed upon a proper footing for meeting the exigencies of maritime warfare. This gloomy representation of the state of affairs created considerable uneasiness, notwithstanding the able speech in which Mr. Goschen vindicated the Admiralty administration of the late Government. Whilecontendingthatall the best ships which would be most wanted in the event of an engagement were in good order, and that after making all allowances England possessed a fleet which could at a moment's notice make short work of any force likely to be brought against it, the ex-Chief of the Admiralty made some significant confessions. For instance he admitted that the ironclads do deteriorate rapidly, and that their machinery does need very frequent renewal. fMoreever, .he candidly avowed that if every ship in the navy were required to be completely efficient at every moment the estimates must be increased by hundreds of thousands of pounds. Thi« rather confirmed the impression that Mr. Ward Hunt's jeremiad was not spoken without book, but in the course of the adjourned debate explanations were given by himself and his Secretary, which very much modified the popular apprehension. After all the talk about "dummy ships," it was acknowledged that the navy was fit to hold its own against all the fleets of Europe, and the whole subject, together with much of Mr. Ward Hunt's reputation for accuracy and administration, was allowed to pass into oblivion. The motion 'of Mr. Smollett, proposing to censure Mr. Gladstone for dissolving Parliament with improper and unconstitutional haste, will not raise that gentleman's political prestige, whatever it may happen to be. He vm pot » member of the late Parliament, so that at any rate he received no harm from its disbandment, and uuder such circumstances his violent attack upon the defeated Liberal chief was conceived ii» the worst possible taste. Mr. Gladcione may have made a mistake in precipitating an appeal to the country in January, but few who have studied his career will believe that his^hastiness was a "trickster's artifice," a "pious fraud," or a piece of sharp practice more worthy of a pettifogging attorney's office than of a caoinet of English gentlemen. Yet that is the estimate; placed upon it by Mr, Smollett, who entered into a history of the laBfc session for the purpose of showing that Mr. Gladstone organized the dissolution in eecret months before the event, and sprung it upon the House simply to cheat his opponents. The ex-Premier's reply was full of stinging sarcasm not unmixed with angiy invective. Although his defence threw little new lightupon the cause of the dissolution, it certainly vindicated the liberal Ministry from the charge of being "tricksters." The House showed its sense of the unseemliness of Mr. Smollett's attack by refusing to discuss the motion by negativing it absolutely without a"! division. Had the question been brought forward in a different wayitisby no means certain thatthis result would have followed. Many Liberal in common with Conservative members deem the precipitancy of the dissolution unjustifiable, and might have had no objection to expressing that opinion in the form of an adverse vote. But they would not go the length of countenancing coarse charges of dishonesty, and there is little doubt that in that diffidence they represent the feeling of the country. As regards the more prosaic work of the session Parliament has been far from idle, and the results are decidedly favourable to the Government. Their financial policy, as set forth in Sir Stafford Northcote's Budget Speech, received no opposition worth mentioning, Mr. Gladstone having .given in his adhesion to it, although criticising in some particulars the way in which it .was proposed to deal with the surplus. The new Licensing Bill, whieh makes important concessions to the licensed victuallers, very naturally does not satisfy the publicans, and excites most earnest protests from the teetotallers. At . the came time the Bill was tolerably well received by -the Commons, the only points upon which any marked difference of opinion prevailed being as to the hours at which publichouses should be required to close, and as te the qnestion.of whether beershops should be excluded from the operation of the provision for extending the time daring which publichouses should remain open. The Home Secretary most accommodatingly professed his willingness to leave the decision of these matters entirely in the hands of the House. By this means he secured the withdrawal of an amendment adverse to the second reading, and carried the measure comfortably into Committee, where the Opposition mean to make a strong effort to keep the honrs of closing as they are. This at the best was an equivocal victory, but the Government have not- bean without their triumphs. Mr. Trevelyan'B County Franchise B31 has been, rejected by an overwhelming majority, while on the other hand- the Supplemental Judicature measures have been running- ,a - smooth course in the House of J-Prds. Here, also, the Bills relating to the transfer of land have been carried through Committee safely, although not withojutalteraaons. In addition to the labour expended upon them, and other efforts at legislation, time has been found for lengthy debates as-to our West African possessions, and England's foreign policy in relation to the -maintenance. of peace in Europe. In reference to neither of these latter subjects were any practical results arrived at.,. In our London correspondent's letter will be found reference to ajiost of subjects of special interest to Australia. in .general and this colony in particular. The Northern Territory Company having obtained its pound of flesh is complacently yielding up the ghost. Its shareholders will have a fat bonus amounting to about fifty per cent, upon the capital originally subscribed. Emigration affairs are in anything but a lively condition, and the efforts, of Mr. Gowling to obtain recruits for South Australia have only met with a moderate degree of success. In pursuance of his bold plan of traversing the country from one end to the other he has passed , from Cornwall into Devonshire, and has there been ardently pursuing his useful labours. It is a remarkable fact that the disagreements between the farmers and their labourers, and between the proprietors of coal and iron mineB aud their workmen, have not engendered any strong desire for self-expatriation on the part of those most affected by the lock-out and strikes. They have been struggling on, upheld by the conviction that in the long run it is the masters who must yield. Mr. Tallerman has been adding to the long score of favours for which Australians are indebted to him by enlisting on behalf of preserved meats the sympathies of medical men, clergymen, and diatetic philosophers of various creeds. The International Wine Show has been duly inaugurated, and the growers of this colony have distinguished themselves in it. The good results of the competition are being displayed in the number of orders for colonial wine that are reaching the agents. The news confirms the telegrams received some weeks since regarding a sale of £180,000 worth of our bonds in London. The average price secured was £90 7s. 8d., and it is more than probable that a better figure would have been obtained had a larger loan been launched. As it was there were offera up to £96, and the modest sum asked for was tendered two or three times over. The foreign news of the month is not specially eventful. In Spain the Carlists were losing ground; but Cabinet difficulties at Madrid had brought about another crisis, ending in the formation of a new Ministry under General Zabala. In Germany Count Arnim's condemnation of the Ecclesiastical laws had created considerable excitement, and roused the hopes of the Ultramontanes, to be followed only by disappointment. Politics in France were quiet, although signs were not lacking that the antagonism of parties would soon lead to open conflict. 