LONEVI'TY OF E~oLAND. - A report recently issued by the register-general, says the London Times, contained further testi lnony on the subject of longlifo. Inone year the following deaths have been registered in England. tile age (like other particulars) being taken on the statement of the relatives or other persons supplying information of the death. There were twenty- sevenpersone registered as dying at the age of one hundred years, seventeen at one hundred and one, ten at one hundred and twoo, five at one hundred and three, three at one hundred and four, two at one hundred and five, two at one hundred and six, one at one hundred and seven, one at one hundred and eight, one at one hundred and nine years. The last three should have special mention. A man in the district of Sevenoake was registered as dying at one hundred and seven years old; a man in the district of Ledbury, one hundred and eight; a woman in tile district of Chester one hundred and nine years old. Seven centenarians died in the metropolis, and seven in Lancashire. Of the whole sixty nine, twenty-five were men, and forty-four were women. From 1861 to 1871 the deaths of people registered as being one hundred years old or more averaged seventy-eight a year - twenty-one men, and fifty-seven women. The registrar-general mentions as the only known instance of an insured life reaching one hundred years that of Jacob William Luning, who died in 1870, at the age of one hundred and three years. His age was clearly established by documentary evidence submitted to the registrar-general and published by him in his weekly return. A MAN KILLED BY A BEAn.--On October 15, Dr. Lankester held an inquiry at Paddington on the body of Frederick Cooper, aged forty-two years, a gardener in the employ of Mr. Warner, of the Lower Welsh Harp at Hendon. It appeared from the evidence that Mr. Warner had kept in his grounds some five years a large brown bear, the same whoso escape for a short time a few months back created some excite ment. The bear was chained up in an en closure near the water's edge, and was con sidered docile. A few months back the de ceased was wheeling a barrow in the vicinity of the bear's kennel, at which Bruin ex hibited great irritation, and repeatedly showed its dislike to Cooper afterwards. It was the practice occasionally to give the bear grass; and on October 10th the de ceased, having been cutting the grass plot, took an armlull of grass and went within the hurdles, and, as deceased himself stated, threw the grass to the boar. On turning to come away, while within the length of the chain and before he could reach the opening, the bear flew at and attacked him, and threw him down. The deceased's cries brought assistance, and one person having a boat hook struck the bear with it whilst he was standing over the deceased's body. They succeeded in beating the animal off, and getting the deceased out, when it was dis covered that he had received frighful in juries. He was removed to St. Mary's hospital, whore he expired thirty-six hours after admission. Mr. Beresford, the house surgeon, stated that the deceased had re ceived twenty- one lacerated wounds, and had died of acute mortification. Mr. Warner, the owner of the bear, said it was five years old, and was so docile that children used to feed it, and it would feed with dogs; and a man had ridden round the post to which it was chained on its back. Since this occur rence he had offered the beer to the Zoo logical Gardens, but as they declined to have it, he had it shot. The jury ultimately re turned a verdict of " accidental death," with an expression of opinion that no blame at tached to any one. WESTERN COMcPLIor ENTS. - An Omaha editor has a pleasing way of doing the little compliment to the stranger of distinction visiting that city. Thus:-" W. M. Mad den, commonly known as 'Fatty, the Great American Traveller,' arrived in the city yes terday and sampled forty kegs of beer, be sides attending the circus and eating eight straight meals at the Wymoning." LonD MAANsFIELD'S POLISHED SATIRE. Sir Fletcher Norton, who was somewhat ill mannered, when pleading before Lord Mansfield on some question of manorial rights, chanced unfortunately to say, "my lord, I can illustrate the point by an instance in my own person; I myself have too little manors."' The judge immediately inter posed, with one of his blandest smiles, "we all know it, Sir Fletcher." ADvERTrSINo.-Advertising is a science, and although it is becoming to be recognised asa primary and unavoid ble expense in the prosecution of any business enterprise, and sometimes the only capital in many under takings, still there are but very few who really appreciate its immense importance, or realise the wonders it is capable of perform ing. When managed with experience, judgment, skill, persistency and liberality, we do not believe there ever was an instance known where it did not yield most gratify ing results.-Paper and Printing Trades Journal. THE VoERAoITY OF HISTORY.-The Per sians know sometimes a great deal more than is pleasant about foreign doings; but, it must be added, their popular authors have a singular talent for distorting European fact so as to snit the national taste for the marvellous. In a much-read book, called The Deeds of Two Naplouns (Napoleon I and Napoleon III), Orsioi's attempt on the Emperor's life takes this shape:-" The traitor Orsini brought and laid at the feetof his sovereign a hat of such wondrous mag nificence that the golden columns in the im perial palace turned red with envy. But while all stood entranced at the splendour of this hat, Naploun, in a voice of thunder, told the traitor to put it on'. He trembled and did so, and fell dead at his 'master's \- .. -.__..,~_ I?. .€..11 -r €. ~, ,rn f en* d and phosphorus." OBEYED TO THE LETTER.--A man who had missed his way overtook a boy going with a pot of tar to mark his master's sheep. He asked him the road to Banff, but was directed by so many turnings that he agreed to take the boy behind him on his horse. Finding the boy pert and docile, he gave him some wholesome advice, adding, occa sionally, "mark me well, my boy." "Yes, sir, I do." He repeated the injunction so often that the boy at last cried out, "I canna mark ye ony mair, as the tar has gi'en oot." THE OLD LADY AND THE RonBBERs. Whether the story be true or false we do not know; but it is said that recently in the parish of St. Martin, Iboria, or somewhere down that way, an old widow lady, whose children had all married off and left her, had been persuaded to sell her little place and live with them. She sold her land, build ings, improvements, one day for 2000 dol lars, and received the cash on the spot in her own house, where the act of sale was passed before two witnesses, the number required by the law, and who witnessed also the re ceipt of the money. In a short time eshe was to give possession, but she remained in the house the night following the sale all alone, or with no masculine adult inmates, as was her custom. That night two negro burglars broke into the house, aud demanded her money or her life. She gave it to them, but begged them to leave 100 dollars of it as she owed that amount and wanted to pay the debt, when she would be satisfied. They finally agreed to let her have 100 dollars. They then oiderod her to make some coffee for them to drink. In doing so she be thought herself of some strychnine she.had in the house, and quietly dropped it in the pot of steaming coffee, and placed it on the table with cups, spoons, and sugar, for them to pour out and sweeten to their taste. This they did, and drank in a jolly mood, each one having 950 dollars in his pocket. But in a short time the tables were turned. One gave up the ghost where he sat at the table in his chair, and the other got up, staggered off a few feet, and tumbled over into eternity. The good old lady recovered her money, and on examining the persons of the black bur glarious robbers, they turned out to be the two witnesses to the act of the sale, both white men blackened for the occasion-both her neighbours, and one was her cousin. New Orleans Herald. STRANGE BUSINESS PRAOTICES IN CIEAP SmDE.-At the Guildhall police-court, before Sir R. Garden, Mr. Woolf Goldstein, a dealer in ready-made clothes, of 82, Cheap. side, appeared, on Friday, in answer to a summons charging him with an assault. The complainant was Mr. Joseph Henry Robinson, a man of colour, and a merchant at Bermuda. On the evening of the 8th October he was at Oheapside, and e'opped to look at dofendant's shop-window. While he was so engaged a person from within the shop put a card into his hand and urged him to walk in, which he did, though rather reluctantly, and asked him if he could see what he called a pair of "pants," similar in material to a vest he had seen in the win dow. The vest happened to be cashmere, and the shopman appeared to think the com plainant was joking in asking for trousers of such a material at this time of the year. The complainant assured the bench that he had no such intention, seeing that he came from Bermuda, where such trousers are com monly worn. The shopman, however, showed him a pair of trousers, the price of which was 22s., upon which the complainant said he could buy as good a pair for 12s. 6d. in the "Ditch," meaning Houndsditoh. The shopman demurred to that, and was rather affronted, as was also the defendant, who began to play practical jokes upon him. The defendant, taking off the complainant's hat, said, in the presence of his shopman, in a jeering tone and manner, that he was a "nigger," that his hair was very short, and that he could not have been long out of Newgate, adding that he should like to know the weight of his under lip. Feeling this to be a great indignity he was about to walk out of the shop, upon which the de fendant pushed a roll of cloth against him in the doorway and otherwise annoyed him as he was leaving. This was substantially the case of the complainant; and in answer to it the defendant called his shopman, who gave rather a different version of the mat ter, but could not gainsay the circumstance that the complainant's hat, against his will, was taken off during the altercation, or that he was twitted with not having.been long out of Newgate. Sir Robert added that it was a curious.way of doing business to go from a shop and thrust a card into a person's hand. who stopped to look.at the goods in the win dow. It was a custom, he thought, "more honoured in the breach than the observanoe." Many complaints had been made to the com missioners of police of a similar practice by tradesmen. To msrk his sense of the defend ant's conduct, he would fine him 20s. and costs, with the alternative of fourteen days' imprisonment. The.defendant paid the money and departed. FINE ARTILLERY PRAoTIocE.-The Ham burg Courier gives an account of some interesting trials with naval artillery which took place at Friedrinhsort the other day before the chief of the German admiralty. The Brauneberg fort was armed on this occasion.with 24-centimetre guns, the Jilger berg fort with 21-centimetre guns, and the fort of Friedrichsort with guns of 21, 24, and 28 centimetres. The target, in the shape of a ship's stern, was attached to a buoy at a distance of 1900 metres from Friedrichsort. Five shots were fired from each gun,.and pearly all of them hit the centre, .of- the target. The battery on the Brauneberg also fired five shells, all of which hit the centre and then burst, raising a column of water nearly 100 feet high, and scattering their fragments around for hundreds of metres. This result was the more surprising as the distauce of the target.from.the Brauneberg battery was 2250 metres, and the weather was so misty that the target was scarcely visible. Immediately after the steamer GFreif, drawing after it a vertical target 40 feet long and 10 feet high, came out of ,the harbour at full steam, crossing the lines of fire of the Brauneberg battery at various distances from 1200 to 2000 metres. The battery fired nine shots in rapid succession at this target, and seven of these were bits, ' proving singular accuracy ofaimand steady management of the guns." The same manomuvre was repeated across the lines of the Jiigerberg and Friedrichsort batteries, with equally successful results. The Fried FnhPJort siune also fired nine shnoe. a ~ tho .. oang target 2900 metres off and hit it seven times. The trials were concluded by a combined attack from all the forts on a target representing a ship's hull, at distances varying from 1500 to 2500 metres. Nine shots were fired, and all hit the target almost at the same moment, so that it wad shat tered to pieces at the first discharge. To dream of a small stone around your neck is a sign of what you may expect if you get an extravagant wife.-To see apples in a dream betokens a wedding, because where you had apples you may expect to find peare. --To dream that you are lame betokens that you will get into a hobble.-When a young lady dreams of a coffiu it betokens that she should instantly discontinue the use of tight stays, and always go warmly and thickly shod in wet weather.-To dream of fire is a sign that-if you are wise-you will see that the lights in your house are out before you go to bed. An intoxicated man was detected recently - in an attempt to pick the pocket of a bil liard-table. To take down the gridiron from the nail where it is hanging with the left hand, is a sign that there will be a broil in the kitchen. Did the man who ploughed the seas, and afterwards planted his foot upon native soil, ever harvest his crops ? - 