Emperor No. An' occasional correspondent of tho 27mm communicates the following from Prague :? There uro men, born of women, who seem doomed to die twice. People unfamiliar with the " Almanach do Gotha ;" may he excused if they are ignorant of the fact that there are at this moment two Austrian Emperors living. There is Francis Joseph, the chivalrous sovereign who reigns ut Vienna, and who the other day greeted King Victor Knnnauiiol ns "his brother and friend for over," and there is Ferdinand also culled "Emperor," who lins been for ll quarter of ii century "eating, drinking, wearing clothes," and doing good here in Prague, nml who yet is to nil intents mid purposes dead to all tho rest of the world. I liuya been for a, long time anxious to know something about this '" Monarch retired from business." I am old enough to remember tho time when ho was looked upon us the hope of the oppressed nationalities ol' the Austrian Empire. His father, Francis ll. of Germany, uud 1. of Austria, who lived sixty-seven years, and reigned thirty- five ; had abandoned the reins of government into the hands of Prince Metternich, an evil genius who lived under the pleasing conviction thut " the Deluge would como after him," hut who eventu- ally was himself overtaken and overwhelmed by tile tide. The Prince Imperial, Ferdinand, was born in 17M, the ominous year when revolution was at its climax, when a king lost bis bead on the scaffold. Tho Archduke Ferdinand was well brought up, had n taste for music and botany, and was thought to entertain liberal ideas widely in advance of his age. There wore idle reports current at Vienna mid in other parts of tho Empire that he had in his father's council strongly declared himself against the Prime Minister's policy, and that ho hud even on one occasion "slapped Metternich in the face." The old Emperor ut Inst made room for him in lS!!ii, and Ferdinand, who hud already been crowned ns King of Hungary five years before, received the Crown of Bohemia Mn lSllti, anti that of Lombardy in 1S3S. It might have been thought that so many diadems piled on the sumo brow would be so safely riveted ns to bo proof against political storms, lt was soon understood that Metternich wns to rule under the new Kaiser as he had ruled under his father, and Austria throve so well under tho old system thut, in lS-lli, lier frontier reached its utmost extension by the an- nexation of thc Republic of Cracow. But the flood rose at lust two years later, and in that memorahle year of revolution," 1848,Metternich was hurled from power, and the Empire went to pieces like a child's castle of cards. There were tumults in Hungary and Bohemia, disturbances at Vienna, successful revolts at Milan and Venice; n constitution was proclaimed, with a responsible Ministry, a National Guard, and tho arming of a Students' Legion. Soon the ground became too hot under the Emperor's feet at Vienna, uud he fled with the whole of his Imperial family to Innsbruck in May. In July, however, Radetzky has beaten Charles Albert on the Mincio, and restored the fortunes of Austria in Lombardy. The Emperor Ferdinand, who had allowed the old Archduke John to open the Constituent Diet in his name, was so far reassured as to come back from the Tyrol. But new and more formidable riots broke out in Vienna in October, and the Court once more sought, its safety in a hasty flight to Olmutz. By this time thc Emperor Ferdinand- became weary of his many Crowns, and although Windischgratz had quelled the Viennese insurrection in blood, and tho Diet wus adjourned to Kremsir, he was persuaded to abdi- cate in favor of his nephew, Francis Joseph, and, on the 2nd December, he proceeded with his Consort, Maria Anna, daughter of King Victor Emmanuel of Sardinia, and sister of tho wife of Louis XVIII, of France, to his new home at Prague. Ferdinand, who retained the title of Emperor of Austria, and to whom a very handsome revenue wns assigned, vowed he would never revisit his former capital, ninl he has ever sincu resided in the 1 iradschin, only occasionally varying his existence by a short stay ut the Imperial country seats of Reichstadt and Plos kowitz in tho summer months, and un occa- sional excursion as far, I believe, as Salzburg, lt is not difficult to imagine the sensations which must have assailed the dethroned Im- perial couple ns they miltie their entrance into Prague on thc dreary December day. They hail to pass tho Zeltner Gosse, the Pallico of the General Command, on the balcony of which, in the preceding June, the Princess Windischgratz fell, struck to the heart by a musket ball fired by the insurgents, a death avenged by her husband by a bombardment from thc Hrudschin, and by a deluge of bloodshed in the storming of the city. They could see in the Grosse Ring tho windows of the town hall and even those of the Palace of the Hradschin, whence magistrates and privy councillors used to be thrown from a height of 60ft., by a mob desirous to evince by that decisive measure their dissatisfaction with the Imperial and Municipal Government, Tho Emperor and Empress took up their residence at the palace in the very apartments in which Charles X. spent the first years of his exile, in 1831-2, before ho betook himself to the solitude of Holyrood. Everything they saw spoke to them ot thc wreck of royal power, and of the violence of popular passions. The place to which they had come for rest and oblivion wns, of all spots on earth, the very one which had most frequently and in all ages been the theatre of factions and sanguinary outbreaks. Yet the Imperial couple were allowed in tumultuous Prague all the repose and silence which beseemed their fallen state. The mero semblance of a Court followed them in their re- tirement. Thc Emperor Ferdinand hus still his Conseiller iiitime, Chambellnu et Major, and the Empress Maria Anna her Grande Muitresse ; but one may mulgine how light niid almost ghost- like the footsteps of their little retinue must full upon thc mite-chambers ol' Unit Burg or Schloss of the Hrndschin, with its IflO chambers, its three great hulls, and its endless maze of corri- dors and galleries. The residence is right royal, and us channing as heart can desire. From the top of the Schweinberg, ur Swine Hill, where the palace rises, you huvo one of the most qunint and stately cities in the world nt your feet ? a vast plain, a broad and deep stream, and such a vista of glittering spires, picturesque towers lind gables and monumental bridges, mid castle-crowned hill summits tts the eye may dwell upon with rapture for hours. When you' know tho view nil hy heart, and your life is one of inaction, of weary leisure, of unavailing regret and repining, there may he some solace in hearing the sentry's cry of " 'raus !" when your carriage drives past thu palace, and the guard turns out to present arms ; some satisfaction in going through archways and .covered passages to hear mass in the Aulic Tri- bune of the adjoining dome of St. Veit; hilt even such outward shows of departed greatness ; pall upon the mind from long custom, and have no power to relieve the sameness of an objectless; blank existence. There hardly ever was a Sovereign yet, from Charles V. to Victor Amndeus IL, who, if he abdicated in haste, did not repent nt leisure, and even this Imperial Ferdinand, so long as he could walk or drive along the Graben and other crowded streets of the Prague " Old Town" showed the utmost eagerness to return, and even to anticipate the bows of the multitude,- and rubbed his hands, and, with great glee, observed to his less wortlly minded Consort, that " his Bohemians loved him well" ("Mcinc Bohmcr laiben m!rh r/crn"), mid that he "needed not have abdicated unless he had wished." It was not, however, we may be sure, with a view to cater for popularity that the kind-hearted Ferdinand, from his first settling among his former Bohemian subjects, determined to become a kind of earthly Providence to the poorest among them. His revenue, as I said, is very large?so large that I am almost af raid to mention the sum. He is free-handed to a faull, and it is with the utmost difficulty that his stewards can keep his beneficence witliin limits, ns not unfrequently he has been known to look out of the window and throw handfuls of gold and silver coin among the crowd beneath till he had drained his pocket to the last kreuzor. But there is hardly a chnrity, there is hardly a pious institution or enterprise in Pmgue'or Bohemia, the subscrip- tion to which is not bended by the old Kaiser and by the Empress Maria Anna, both of them giving their names for conspicuous sums; the two names always inseparable, and the contribu- tion in every case to the same amount. It is fortunate for the aged Imperial couple that their good instinct* should prompt them to fill up with good works tho gaps iu their vacant experience. The Emperor, now in his eightieth year, is fur advanced in decrepitude. Ile was seriously ill lust year, and lay for a long time between lifo and death. He now walks with considerable difficulty, has tu be drawn about in his apartments in a Bath chair, and to be carried downstairs to his carriage in his servants' anns. He has discontinued his performances on the pianoforte, though ho is us fond as ever of music, especially of Strauss' waltzes, which ure regularly played twice n week by a military baud under his windows, when ho invariably shows himself with a delighted countenance, and chips his hands and waves his thanks and blessings to tho musicians. Since his last illness ho has allowed his bearii- to grow, and his snow white hair invests his otherwise dull countenance anil vacant expression with u venerable air not unbecoming his departed majesty. He is, and always wus, simple in his tastes and habits, anti so affable and condescending with his inferiors that he hus been known, during his stay I.eielistadt in the summer, to ramble about alone in the country, como unexpectedly upon tho poor cottagers nt. their dinner hour, and ask permis- sion to sit down with them nt their homely meal of "mulei" or "guoechi,"?tho ninccnrani of the country?eating with a relish which his own fried tish ut the Hrndschin, his favorite delicacy, hardly over, perhaps, gave him. Tho poor old Kaiser, however, is subject to sudden and violent fits of temper, nud his wrathful moods made lifo so unpleasant to one of his trusty valets as to compel him, nll'ectionate us he wus to his old muster, to leave the service. I have said'that tho Emperor Ferdinand never revisited Vienna after his abdication, lt docs nut frequently happen that any of the many princes of tho Imperial family call nt thc llradschin, and the Emperor Francis Joseph linsliiirdly, I nm told, ever been at Prague, except on the occurrence ol' his uncle's occasional absence. Pinier tho willis of thu Hrndschin some Austrian bard might well sing Rloiidel's lay, "0 Richard, 0 mon roi, l'univors t'obumloune." Neglect is too generally tho melan- choly lot of old age ; but in the case of fallen royalty it very frequently sets iu before its time. X'o one lins ii kind word to throw to a dethroned King ; his business seems so pleasant uud easy so long us things prosper with him thal his overthrow in n popular'tempest is too readily considered his own fault, lind attributed to his own fiiinthenilcdness and incapacity. Why could not liudetzsky anti Windischgratz save the throne for Ferdinand as they did for Francis Joseph ? What has tho young Kaiser done that his uncle might not ns eusily have been taught to do ! To these questions 1 do not caro to lind an answer. Tho Emperor Ferdinand was tho earthen vessel compelled to float down the stream in tho company of vessels of iron. The conse- quence was u collision which broke him to shreds and stranded him, a mere wreck, on his lonely, th. nigh-not uuchcered or ungenial hormitago on tho llrutlschin. 