Wtie TOallarog Cimes. WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY.JULY 15,1874. TnE event of most local importance which has happened since last outgoing mail, is the proclamation bJ the Governor of South Australia of the Corporation of "Wallaroo. This concession w likely to be attended with many beneficial results. Two adjacent inland communities not so pldas Port Wallaroo, nor once so impor tant, have long enjoyed the privileges of incorporation and reaped the benefits. Port Wallaroo,-though the principal port of the Peninsula, and the means of carry- i ing abroad all the manufactured results of Che Moonta and Wallaroo Mines, was left without municipal advantages, and for years the place has sustained the ffains of deprivation. How, the case jMNtmises to be different. The Corpora tion, consisting of Mr Thomas Davies, Mavor, and Messrs Carriugton Smedley, William Blight, Thomas Thorne, and Samuel Marshall, senior, Councillors, lave been duly sworn in to the fulfil ment of thcnr offices, and are likely to give satisfaction to their constituents. ] The Council has plread^Jbsld two meet* 1 ings .aftd displayed some capacity for . business. Mr William Allanson haB been appointed Town Glerk,Mr Thomas Dixon is Town Surveyor, and Mr J. J. Mudge, *J?6wn Inspector. As a matter of course, the officers have not yet got fully to work, but with competent persons like | those mentioned at the head of depart ments, it will only require the confirma tion of the Mayor and Council to make the establishment of municipal machinery felt to advantage. Affairs at the mines have not faltered to any material extent since our last issue, ^ operations proceeding much as usual. It is necessary to except the feet, however, that at the Wallaroo Mines,! the Manager deemed it necessary to dis-! pense with the services of from 100 to 150 men on certain of the "pitches." Be- i monstrance was made to the Directors, but we believe that hitherto the result has been such silence as induces the belief that the act of the Manager does not need reversal. In Kadina, efforts have been, made to induce the Govern ment at once to permit the sum of £3000 granted by Parliament for the formation of a macadamized road from Kadina to ; Wallaroo, to be used to its actual intents, so as to employ the men thrown out *of employment on the mines. We brieve that the Parliament will not refuse an itattnediate payment of the subsidy for this purpose. The larger question of roads through out the Peninsula, has been dealt with in a series of public meetings, but chiefly in the introduction to Parliament of a Hoad Bill, the originator being the Commis sioner of Public Works. This Bill, as it came forward before Parliament, struck everyone with astonishment that so lame1 and impotent a measure should eyer have been brought forward by a Minister possessing any reputation or deserving of any. To bring forward a Road Bill which should have the least chance of passing, had for some time been viewed as a species of impossibility, and when Mr Bright brought forward his Bill, it must be admitted that it has few, if any, indications of superiority to its predeces sors. But owing to considerable oppo sition from without, the Commissioner expressed his willingness to make all necessary concessions, and on Thursday last, the Bill was read for the second time and passed into committee. The most important sections have not yet been taken into consideration, but there is now no doubt they will be altered as is wished, and thus constitute the very pith of the measure, viz., power to deal locally with funds voted by Government for .road-making purposes; and secondly, roads to make. It will appear anomal ous that any bill should be devoid of such essential conditions, but such was its con dition in the first instance. The provisions of the Bill were that the Central Board should have control over Yorke'e Peninsula and other recently made districts, while others of less importance were untram melled. Yorke's Peninsula was not only also left without representation on the schedule of main roads, but as if to aggravate the offence to the community, a; road that bad been on, was taken off. Thanks to, the action taken by the various communities,on the Peninsula,, there are now,, we presume, placed upon the schedule as many main roads as will be needed for some time to come. Presuming the Bill to pass, it is to be hoped the local road district board will speedily be placed in possession of its proportion of the road fund and thus be enabled to set about the formation of the lines of communication most urgently needed. The question of a general hospital for the Peninsula district has lately been brought under special notice, in conse quence of an unfavorable discussion in Parliameenf over an item of £1000 on the Estimates for » casualty hospital at Moonta. The item was refused, on Mr Duncan, M,P., intimating his intention of moving an address to the Governor for a general hospital for the whole dis trict. There is already a e&sualty; hos pital at Port Wallaroo, and as it is only six miles distant from Kadina and the Wallaroo Mines, and twelve from Moonta and the Moonta Mines—both being con nected by rail—it it thought by most people to be fiu££cient for the casualties of the three places. It has hitherto proved Amply sufficient for such Umited uses, all diseases of chronic character having to be despatched to the general hospital at I Adelaide, Jfow that it is proposed to render the jFesi&s;&ta; Itself a centre for the treatment of erery speeie» of human bodily ailment, the larger ques&eft; l$s. been put to those who are presumed to! be best able to pronounce upon it. In the House of A»&ejcpMy; on Wednesday, Mr Duncan moved that Report be ob tained from the medical officer at lam© to what additional house-accom-' nxodatiOB sroajftf. be required toconvert the existing fer|er purposes, The medical officer was at the same time to express his opinion whether the Bite was the best for the purpose in the district, taking into consideration that there would be arrivals of sick people by sea as well as by land. Mr Duncan's motion, as a matter of course, contem-1 : plated that upon the receipt of the I I medical officer's recommendation, esti-,j ioates of cost should be provided and laid: beforethe House. The motion was carried and we cannot permit ourselves to doubt that the advices of the medical officer will be to the effect that the enlargement of the existing hospital at Fort Wallaroo, is the one thing necessary. The new Land Bill is a very different document to what was promised some months ago in the Governor's Speech. It not only abolishes Mr G-oyder's climatic boundary to settlement north ward, lowers the price of country lands on credit to one pound per acre, and throws open scrub lands to competition equally with any others, but provides a tribunal armed with semi-judicial powers for procuring the punishment of dum mies and their employers, "Whether under debate, such an institution as this last will be carried into law, is doubtful The object to be gained is not so much the punishment of those who endeavor to obtain land under fraudulent devices, as to provide such modes of acquiring land in a legitimate manner as shall leave no opportunity lor the nefarious. Ac cording to the Bill, however, limited auction is still to prevail, and this in it self is one of the greatest means of injus tice to the poorer competitor that can possibly be imagined. The system of tendering has been suggested as a remedy, but it does not require much examination to show that this would still give the wealthy man the greatest advantage, and; in some respects prove worse than auction. It has been shown that under the lottery system, the intending pur | chaser would have to contend with the squatter's dummies, but under the other systems the contention would be with his money as well as his dummies, and therefore lottery is preferable either to tender or auction. But best of all would be priority of choice, to be decided by lottery, as placing the man of small means in the same position as the man of capital. This last contrivance comes from the brain of a farmer who has not yet entered the halls of the Legislature, where, however, we trust it will be duly discussed as promising relief from one of the most serious difficulties in the way of land legislation. Sir Henry Ayers has in his place in the Legislative Council, managed to carry a motion for the establishment of a Department of Agriculture. It was his intention to have had a Minister of Ag riculture and the other paraphernalia of a separate portfolio, but the House was averse to anything of the kind, though willing to allow the appointment of ai secretary who could perform all that was requisite under the roof of the Crown Lands office. "We have, however, to speak of a sixth Minister in the shape of the Hon. Mr Bundey who h&s; been installed in order to relieve the Chief-Secretary of the charge of Education and the Insti tutes, the Commissioner of Crown Lands of the Northern Territory, and the At torney-General of a portion of his duties. Under an Act of 1872, Mr Bundey is entitled, in addition to his other apello* tions, to the name of Commissioner of the Northern Territory. Yesterday, the Mayor and Councillors, of Wallaroo, accompanied by Mr Thomas Dixon, Surveyor, perambulated the boundaries of the Corporation, and made the necessary marks and alignments. The third meeting of the Wallaroo Cor poration will be held this afternoon at two o'clock p.m., and for the first time in the Conncil Chamber, Emu-street, Wallaroo. Jn other words these are the premises of Mr William AUansou, Town Clerk. A meeting of the committee of the Yorke's Peninsula Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held at Mitchell's Exchange Hotel, Kadina, on Tuesday. The Mayor of Kadina occupied the chair. It was announced tft&t; a piece of ground on Julia Terrace had been bought by the committee for £70, on which it was decked to erect a permanent wall and temporary sheds; the building to be erected at some future time when funds ! werp forthcoming. A general meeting is called far Tuesday next, when trustees will be elected. The Port Wallaroo Rtifargy pnd Pier .Co, fcgs lately been making ? great imppopjepjent in the Wftllaro.0 workshops and pmjLths-* fur naces. For so top yfars pas$ tjie light and j ventilation has consisted of & series of six ; balf-wiodow openings which have -neither gl forded one nor the other adequately. Sow i that an additional shed has been placed to tbe rear Jtoyards tbe deep cutting, the nuisance has become pipre crying. Light and air being equally absent, ;fag pe$blved that the windows should be made full length, gnd; while glaized for use in wet weather, were so j twyng that they could, upon all ordinary oc gesjiogs, bp made to admit plenty of light, while raw* be excluded when tbe sashes were placed m & ypftical position. As one result of the late agitation relative, to tbe suryey of scrub lauds in this district, we may remark that surveyors are now en» gaged to the north of Kadina in the survey 1 in that quarter, once deemed alto gether undesirable for settlement, but now discovered to be'qtoite as g,ood if not better for cultivation thau iooeV jttfteGjf tbe colocy.1 Messrs VaIentine,Morris, and Macfarlane, have proceeded as a Commission to inspect the flukey sheep on the Coorong. The Goolwa is now at Port Adelaide dis charging railway plant. Toorc are two loco motives, each weighing 15 tons, and they bare arrived from England in every way un injured. The next steamer of the Californian mail route will be the Mikado. She will leave for Sydney for San Francisco, on 1st Aug.' Mr and Mrs Case (Miss Grace Egerton) intend visiting the Peninsula shortly. They have engaged Mr Haselgrove's Kadina Hall for 3rd and 4th August. At Pekina and Blackroct, especially, there is a scarcity of agricultural laborers and able bodied men for fencing. So remark corres pondents of our Clare contemporary. .The farmers being sq short, will not be able to fallow so much as they anticipated, and in some instances they will have difficulty in getting the ground fenced where wheat is sown. At present there is a deal of it open, and the plant is sufficiently advanced to at tract cattle, and thus be injured. The choral services.held at Christ Church, Kadma, on Wednesday, in aid of the funds for procuring prizes for the children attending the Sunday School, in connection with the Church, was largely attended. Mr Bolt, who presided at the harmonium, played dur ing the evening several voluntaries, which were greatly admired. The collection amounted to close upon £5. The Rev. F. Hoctor conducted the services. The election for Councillors for the Green's Plains District Council took place on Satur day last, at the Schoolroom, but owing to the inclement state of the weather, the attend ance was limited. Bain poured down the whole day. The following is the result of the poll:—Daniel Skipwortb, 18 ; William Wyatt, 16; William Thomas. 12; Thomas Tait, 8 ; T. Polkinghorne, 4. The three first were declared duly elected. The Council at its first meeting will elect the Chairman. For the last two meetings, the Moonta Council has had a little fight with the Central Board of Health, wijh reference to to the health by-laws, or rather, those'having reference to cess-pits and earth-closets. At the meeting before last the Council very, plainly stated that it would have none of the Central Board of Health's regulations as to stone-lined pits, as the local soil was suffi ciently retentive, deodorizing and disinfective. Last night, a very temperate remonstrance was read from the Central Board showing that there was no intention to be obstructive, but it would save trouble to yield to Central regulations. The Councillors, to their credit, saw the propriety of this, and though the matter has been deferred till next'meeting, there is no doubt the regulations of the Central Board will be unanimously adopted. The following passage from the Peak Downs Telegraph of 10th June, will be read with interest by numbers of our subscribers, "We have it upon reliable authority that Mr M. Thomas has resigned his appointment as smelting manager and assayer for the Peak Downs Copper Mining Company. The Directors will doubtless have some difficulty in securing a suitable successor to Mr Thomas, whose great ability in the conduct of opera- tions at the Peak Downs Mine during the last four years has been sufficiently mani- fested by the results attained. We under- stand that Mr Thomas has accepted an appointment as general manager of the Southern Cobar Copper Mining Company's Mine in New South Wales, and has also undertaken the management of the smelting department for the Cobar Mining Company, whose property adjoins the Southern Cobar. We must congratulate those companies upon having secured Mr Thomas' services, and wish him every success in his new sphere of operations, to which he proceeds in the course of a few weeks." The Newcastle Pilot says:—" We are in debted to a • resident of this city for the fol lowing extract from a private letter lately received from Noumea. The correspondent writes :—■" We have narrowly escaped a lie volution here. On Sunday last, by the Gover nor's orders Dr. Rastoul, Bouis, Armand. and others of the Communist Prisoners, hitherto allowed at large, were arrested and sent back to the Isle of Pines. It has transpired that the action of the Governor arose from the discovery of a letter addressed by Rastoul, to Roche fort, at Sydney. The letter arriving at Sydney, after Rochefort's departure, was returned to Noumea and fell into the bands of the Governor. The inorning following the arrest an imposing military demonstration was made, and twp Batteries of Artillery were sent to the Presquite Ducos to reinforce the Garrison there. Not a little excitement prevailed in consequence, and all soris of rumours were current in the town ; the convicts were tc set Noumea on fire and escape daring the panic. Thank God, nothing of the kind has yet happened, and our natural anxiety is gradually dying a tray} still it is to be hoped for the sake of public confidence, that the prisoners will not be longer allowed at large, for thereby we are kept in constant alarm.'' The Mabel Jane, has sailed from Otago, with the material for the establishment of a settlement at the Auckland Islands. It is thought that a portion of the outlay will be covered by profits accruing from the seals with which those Islands fairly teem. Dr Monckton, is the proprietor of the vessel, and the originator of the scheme, and every one must wish it success. A pigeon post is one of the intentions of the scheme, Tl^e first lot of young pigeons died, bnt the doctor has sent a fresh supply. The Mabel Jane will be kept running between the Aticklands and Riverton for many moptl}s tg come fqr the conveyance ef stock and stores, Mr J. M. Linklater's new wool press claims to be an improvement on the old one, insomuch that the screw is worked by a nut, instead of in.the customary way, and that in performing the work the usual lofty shed can oe dispense# vpifh. Furfcbprpiare, the new appliances will permit; of the wool being pressed on the station to the size of the dump ready for shipment, and the packs be ing shorter and of better quality, enable the Vool to be done upin sound square packages without any irpn tjancjing, which, $s|is well known, when it does not bnrst, is sure to rust and injure the wool. Should these nurnerous ecpponjjesi jq Jlje way of package, carriage, shipment, and quality, g.11 hp reftHged, Link later's machine mast indeed be an achieve-, ment. Messrs A. Jones & Co., have already tnrned out one press from their foundry, and they have got orders for two or three more.' J^es fergpsQn hjis beeu expressing himself very judiciously in refereijpe tq the education of the sons of the Maori Chiefs. The occasion was the half-yearly prize dis tribution connected with the Auckland Col lege and Grammar School, Sir James Fer gusson referred t was intended for aboriginal as well as other youth, but stated that during his visits to the chief native localities he did not see that any use was made of the opportunity, and yet as they would be required to take part in the management of the country, they ought to have 1fte best education the cou... ford. But, said Sir James Fergusson, - —•try could turn the best born M.aon boys mfo a school like this would, porhaps, be injurious to tbe school and to themselves. It seems to me that in Auckland there ought to be a board ing house, where they could be managed in the manner best suited to their previous life, and temperaments, and be gradually brought, up to do better than their fathers, and taught to 6et an example to their people, and lead them to higher and better things. Unless something of this kind is done, we hare not done our duty to the native race. Justice, kindness, generosity, have not*beeu2wanting. but systenrbas been wanting." By an advertisement appearing in our* business columns it will be seen that a meet ing of subscribers in connection with the Kadina Institute is convened for this (Wed nesaday) evening, at eight o'clock, to be held in the temporary Institute reading room. On the subject of u Lieut. Jennings," , the latest issue of the Good Templars* organ, re marks:—"We are glad to be able to con gratulate our friends in New South Wales on the establishment of the Grand Lodge; and we should not have said anything further on this subject had it not been for what all must certainly admit to be the extraordinary conduct of the first G.W.C.T. in this colony, Mr Jennings. We should like to know by what authority he calls himself the District Deputy. Bight Worthy Grand Templar of the South Australian Grand Lodge. We do not wish to go into tbe many questions that were agitating the minds of many members of the Order before Mr Jennings' departure from this colony; but be they as they may, Mr Jennings is well enough acquainted with' the laws of our Order to know that there is no such officer as D.D.R.W.G.C.T. in connec tion with a Grand Lodge, and to the best of our knowledge he never held that position at all. His commission in South Australia was that of a Special Deputy of the R.W.G.T., and we think it hardly likely that he has re ceived another commission since then. We also notice that Bro. Wearne was elected District Deputy Grand Worthy Templar. There is no such office in a Grand Lodge, and we fail to understand what Mr Jennings could mean by installing such an officer." The Commission appointed some time ago to consider the desigos sent in for new Houses of Parliament and the Adelaide In stitute and Museum, and tbe sites best adapted therefor, has now sent in its report to the Governor. The Commission recommends that the premium of £200 for the Parliament House designs should be awarded to the author of tbe plans marked " Expres," which were sent in jointly by Mr E. W. Wright, of Adelaide, and Mr Lloyd Tayler, of Mel bourne. The second prize falls to the lot of Messrs Smith & Johnston, who are, we be lieve, a Melbourne firm, and signed their plans "S.A.'' the Goverment advised to purchase the 'plans of " Excelsior" (Mr M. Egan, Melboune for £50, in accordance with the advertised conditions. The Commission taking into consideration the immediate wants of the House of Assembly for a new Chamber, felt their choice of a site limited to that adjoining the present Legislative build ings, but they indicated if it had not been for this reason, a more desirable site might have been chosen, The first premium of £200 for the Institute and Museum designs was re commended to be given to " Architect" (Mr R. G. Thomas, of Adelaide), and the second of £100 to "Utilitas'' (Mr Jacob Pitman, late of Geelong, but now of. this colony). The site to the cast of the present institute is considered the most; eligihle for the new crectioq. The Mayor of Adelaide, Mr AUott, dissented from the recommendation of the Commission as to the site for the Parliament Houses, as he considered that the sohet&e;, known as that of tbe Tqwr (Jlerk, for alter ing Victoria-square, and selling the Govern ment a portion of the present Beserve, should be carried out. The Commission consisted of the Hon. H. E. Bright, Commissioner of Public Works (Chairman); the Hon. W. Milne, President of the Legislative Council 5 Sir G. S. Kingston, Speaker of the Souse of Assembly, Hon. j. Fisher, M.L.C., Mr J. Pearce, M.P., Mr W. D. Allott, Mayor of Adelaide ; Mr G. C. Hawker, J.P., and Mr G. T. Light, Government Architect An extraordinary general meeting of share holders in the Connamanna Mining Company, Limited, will be held at the registered office of the Company, Taylor-street, Kadina, this day (Wednesday), for the purpose of discus sing the advisability of voluntarily winding up the Company, or otherwise,'and to appoint the Liquidator, $nd fix bis remuneration. The meeting will take place at Eight o'clock, We beg to call attention to an advertise ment appearing in another column, whereby it will be seen that the next quarter of Miss Carleton's classes, Wallaroo Bay, will com mence on Monday next, July 20, This day (Wednesday^, pn tbe cricket ground, "V^ajlqrqo, *nll be'played the conclu sion of the game Married versus Single. The wickets are to be pitched so soon after one o'clock as possible. Cricket, at the present time, is nearly at a stand still. We believe that efforts are hpiqg made to form a football club, and th$t a ifteetii^g is to ba called very shortly for that purpose. It is proposed to play the first game early in August, and we are glad to learn that the promoters have re ceived a number of names for the formation of the Club, as we believe that greater in terest will be taken in it during tjxe winter months than in cricket, * At a meeeting of the Adelaide Chamber of Manufactures on Friday, M. Joubert strong ly urged the desirableness of planting the railway lines with trees that WQftld $ot be only orqamept^l, but rueful as well. The qlive and white mulberry he strongly recom mended as trees which in the course of a few years would prove a source-of revenue. The President supported M. Joubert's recom mendation, remarking that large forest trees growing along tbe railway linea might be come a source qf danger tq ?qj[l\yay travelling, such danger would exist with regard to olive and mulberry trees, in addition to which consideration they would soon become exceed ingly valuable. " Information has reached the authorities," the Gipps Land Mercury states, " that ft large quantity qf cattle is supposed to. have been stolen from Gripps Latid station, and the police are nqw on the search for the offenders, The exact locality of the stations and the names of the supposed' duffers' are purposely withheld, so that no obstacle may interfere with the ends of justice.'' A curious action for libel, writes the Daylegford correapqtjc^ent p,f tbe 0qstebn,a,ine J^r£sentatim, jfa$t$iftd bejFqnps Judge Bunny. Jpr Baird sued Mr I^ettj the to^n clerk, fcir £100 damages, for having characterised him as a 'bounding mescal kangarcjo^ His ^pqoqr, in np^utyiqg thp pl^ifttiff, ridiculed the qqtjoij of the words being in any respect libellous-^-the doctor, in fact might have ap propriated them in a complimentary sense. Had the parties been in England, aqd Isett | called the doctor a 'British Lion,' or in Cal I cutta, and the name chosen^ was *"!Eoyal Beu ' gal tiger/ there could bp 00 possible damage ^"-sSsSTk ^unal, and to with. reuuu— • ■• ^ the kangaroo was the nauo— - , be likened to it was ratlier'a compliment wan otherwise, Nonsuit with, costs; cost to oe , j j» . On the night of Monday 6th July (w^^es the Northern Argus) a family residing m «ew Clare were somewhat alarmed on discovering that one of the members, a iad eight years ot age, bad risen from his bed during his sleep, opened the doors, and wandered away. Search was made, but the night being dark, it was a difficult task. The somnambulist fortunately made for a house at some distant knocked at the door, and was received by the inmates—two females«—who on perceiv ing the ghost-like figure were considerably startled. The little fellow talked to them ia a strange manner, seemingly unconscious. He was carried home by his parents and put to bed. On being questioned the next morning as to what induced him to go out and how he felt, he seemed surprised, as he was not aware of having left his room. The Southern Argus understands from a private source that the coolies selected by Captain Douglas "are mostly experienced miners from the tin mines situated near the Banca Straits, and therefore cannot fail to prove ^n acquisition." A Maori woman named Jenkins recently died in Wanganui, aged 110. The old lady, says a New Zealand contemporary, re membered- the visit of Captain Cook to these shores, and often gave a vivid descrip tion of his advent, and of tlie profound -im pression bis ship made upon the native mind. The Maoris had never seen a ship before and took it for a huge bird, supposing the sails to be wings. Cook's visit was in 1769, from which an idea of the longevity of Mrs Jen kins may be gathered.... The Cromwell (New Zealand) Corporation after having by their' neglect, introduced fever into their town, coolly ask the Govern ment to relieve them of the responsibility incurred: at least, in this light we read the following:—Proposed by Cr Wright seconded by Cr Grant, and carried, " That a memorial be forwarded to D. Mackellar, M.P.C., for presentation to the Provincial Council, asking that a sum of money be placed upon the Es timates for the purpose of carrying out a comprehensive scheme of sewage in the town such as that suggested by Dr Cougb trey in his address to the Council." The Lake'Wakatip Mail says-Some sam ples of paper manufactured for Mr M'GIas han from flax and New Zealand grasses may be seen in the window at Mr Manders' office. The paper is of a good strong description. We observe that the prospectus of &;paper manufacturing company is announced;, and this industry is referred to in Mr M'Grlas han's proposals laid before the Provincial Council. This gentleman has the first, claim we believe, to the bonus offered for the establishment of such manufactory la Otago. On the subject of planting fruit trees our Gawler contemporary offers the following valuable observations" Ihe land In the Nortuern Areas being admirably suited for nearly all kinds of fruit trees, settlers should not let this season pass without making a commencement iu planting some jthey should remember that fruit is in season when culin ary vegetables aire scarcely obtainable, and that a little trouble now will conduce great!j in after year* both to their health aiid eoon* omy. A few vines of the table sorts,. so mo fig, loquat, almond, peach, apricot* plon, pear, and quince, if only one or two of each as a beginning, will in-three or four years make ample return for ; the expense and trouble of planting. Besides the foregoing, olive trees are to be .particularly recom mended ; there can be no finer ooontry for them than the new areas, and in years to come, olive oil ought to be one of the staple productions of this eolony. It ia not only the best oil that can be made and always likely to give a good return to theprodueers, but its preparation ia extremely simple aod easy, and the refuse highly valuable as food for cattle, pigs, &c.; Young plants can now be obtained in quantity from the nurserymen and at a very reasonable price per hundred i they should.be planted for hedges wherever they can be protected for a few years from cattle, for no plant is more suitable for that purpose in this climate, and some should be planted out as standards to form future olive yards. The plant supplied by the nursery men we seedlings, and if planted for the pKK duction of oil will require grafting with, good sorts. We ntay add for the information of those who are unacquainted with'this troe„ that it grows luxuriantly in deep moist soils, but bears little fruit the??; iu medium soils it grows at a fair rate &ud; bears good crops; but it wUi also like the vine, flourish' in the moat dry, rocky and apparency barren places. We would, therefore, again urgently recom mend our northern friends not to let the wet season elapse without making a commence ■» me$t i$ tree planting* President MaeMahon Is pressing the sep tennat upon unwilling hands. By telegram received at Singapore on July 9 we find that in the National Assembly, the Left having ab stained from voting upon the Legitimists* motion regretting the suspension of the Union, it was consequently rejected by 379* votes to. SPj. A subsequent motion re-pro cl^iminec. President MacMahon's powers, which was supported by the Government, was rejected by 3Q9t to 331 votes. It was ultimately r#*olved simply to pass to the Order of the Day, by 339 votes to 315, which, was tantamount to a partial Ministerial sue*, cess. The Ministry, however tendered resign nations, which MacMahon peremptorily re^ fused to accept. He will send a message to the Assembly determining to rule for setea years, and demanding the organisation of his powers. Another telegram states that Presi dent MacMahoa has sent a resolute message • to the National Assembly, declaring that his; seven oears' power is irrevocable, and that, the Assembly, by voting it, had eeshained its own sovereiguty. He de$t$9ds the im~ mediate organization of his, powers, because he holds that it h l\ia imperative duty to en sure th$ tranquillity and security of the country. This demand the Assembly has re-, fused to accede to, denying its urgency* A, motion for a dissolution is now under con sideration. The Bill to provide for the permanent management of the Public Forest Reserves of South Australia declares as forest reserve^ certam pieces, of land to be mentioned »*n a schedule not yet appended to the Bill r.otwith eta tiding that portions or the whole of any such forest reserves are situated within the boundaries of any hundreds heretofore pro claimed. The Governor may by- proclama tion in the Gazette, reserve portions of waste lands as forest reserves^ or revoke the whole or part of any already in existence. He may appoitit a wrest board consisting of five member?, and fill the vacancy- with another. The board or any three members may make* subject to the approval of the Governor, regulations.in order to.give effect to the Act» aud t?, ssYOsatig^ w alteration* The Chairman shall be elected at the first meeting by majority of votes, or by lot in case of equality of votes. The meetings shall be held where convenient at least once a month. Each member shall be paid for one meeting per month the sum of £1 Is, and travelling expenses to the extent of six pence per mile in going from Ms place of resi dence to the meeting. The board shall re cord its proceedings, which shall be signed by the Chairman. The board may, subject to the approval of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, appoint a secretary, forest conservator, and all such other officers necessary for the .Act, at fair salaries payable out of any amount voted by the Parliament. The next section provides for banking moneys. -The board is to have perpetual succession by the name of the Forest Board, sue and be sued, &c.;, to have full power over all moneys granted by the Province, or received by the sale of any plants, trees, or timber, and to enter into all contracts requisite or proper in purchasing, exchanging, or otherwise collect ing of plants, seeds, implements, materials, botanical books, and on forestry, &c.; The board is to control all fences and buildings and decide on the planting and preserving of forest trees in the reserves, and also form a museum us connected with forcsty. M*® board is to have full power with the consent of the Governor to admit the public to the reserves, and decide upon the conditions upon which spare plants and seeds may be exchanged or sold. The board shall define the districts where it is desirable the " Forest Trees Act, 1873," shall come into operation, and make regulations which may apply throughout the province,or tojany one or more of such districts, which the Governor may proclaim if'approved. In case of any injury to or destruction of any plant or tree within forest reserves, by any person or domestic animal trespassing, the said person or owner, shall, on conviction before any Justice of the Peace pay a fine of not more than £2 in addi-. tion to the value of the thing destroyed, and in default-of payment be imprisoned for one calendar month, unless payment be' sooner made. On Tuesday next, at Laffin's Wombat Hotel, Kadina, is to be held, convened by the Mayor of Kadina Mr F. W. Gurner, a meet ing of farmers of Barnnga Gap, to consider the advisability of petitioning the House of Assembly for a grant of money to survey and form a road from Kadina to a.place near Barunga Gap, which shall be a 'means of affording transit for a large amount of agri cultural produce to the mining and maratime districts of Yorke's Peninsula. A consider able deputation from Barunga will be present at the meeting. The following appears in the South Australian Advertiser:—At "a meeting of residents, held at Barunga on the evening of 9th July, relative to the necessities of the neighbourhood-—to wit, the opening of direct communication.' with Kadina, as this locality is almost Restitute of anyixmtlet for produce, and is not oh. an equgf footing with other places, it was carried that a petition be pre sented to Government, praying them to vote asum of money not exceeding £700 for^tbe purpose of providing a Toad, and making the same available for traffic, from the • east side of Baurunga Gap to Kadina—a distance oil abbiit 22 miles. As the sum is not very large, is hoped that the Government will be willing to meet the, jequirements.jof the place, and more so at the proposed road will give facil : sties to.a large extent of country above the Salt Lake, in the Hundred of Boacaut, aud \- the northern part of the Hundred Cameron. It is also in a. direct line for Clare, and the Government expended a large sum of money in surveying,a line for a tramway to.that town; and itdoes not seem that any further steps are being taken in the matter* It is considered that this memorial will be received favorably. Although this is but a newly settled place, there is a large area of land under wheat which looks very promising, and should the season continueas it has gofie on Sb'far, there are lripes of *a profitable return to the tillers of the ground.—A large amount -offencingis being donehere. , ... In*eferenc£ to the amount of subscriptions mentioned ia the Wallaroo Institute report given in lastissue, we may remark that the sum should be £182sand ,nofc £10 10s. We understand thai a number of books of refer ence are missing from the library, some of which ate private properly and placed there by private bands for the convenience of read ers. It is'really too bad that people cannot be content with availing themselves of the icnportunities afforded-for consultation, with out unlawfully removing books from the In stitute^ •' '': " , We so continually hear of deaths of-cnu dren by scalding, ' directly traceable to care lessn£ss orjnconsiderateness in having large yessels ^containing iio't liquids on the floor, or «mall ones within reach at the edge of tables, that it almost seems as if parents did not want to take warning by experience. The latest of constantly recurring examples is mentioned by the Auburn correspondent of the Northern Argus, who writes that on Sun day 5th July " Mr J. S. Blepchmorej J.P^, made inquiries into the cause of death of Walter Wallace Larkum, aged 29 months, youngest sonof Mr Larkum, of Hayward s Gully. It appears that on Wednesday last Mrs Iiarkum had been wwldinga pan ofmilk, and in removing it from the fire sligntly irarot herself, and hurriedly placed the pan on the floor. The.little fellow must almost immediately have stepped backwards and fell into it, .Every attention was paid to him, and it was thought he jru getting over it. but on Friday convulsions set from which he sever rallied. Death was of cojirse d»e to shock to the nervous system. . The total land sales for June effected the alienation of 57,287 acres, at a Value of £94,110, of which sam £27,221 was paid into £he Treasury as purchase- money or interest ion deposits. The iZajister-shows that the total area of Waste fcands of the Crown alien * Sited from ifce Crown since 1st January is 1.88,101 acres, apd that it realized a. value of £286,297, The revenye derived from actual cash sales was £39,826 l§s, but & addition, the Treasurer received £35,115 7s from poqi? pleted purchases, iB24,65411s'f6r interest de posit#, about £16,262 in second instalments of interest, and £3,020 13s for improvements. Yhus the receipts from all sources amounted in rouijd fo the grand total of £118,880. This is rather over the sum credited to land sales in Mr (Jlydp's ^nancial statement published a week since, bec^up some of the amounts we include will not be tiaid into tbe Treasury uitfU this month, it £av be noticed that i» every p^rtienlw these fijrui-s compare favuorably with thpsp tor nil eorresi>™dingMf-ycar of the-area disposed of<mlysmonnt«l to 160,705 „rrpR a value of £243,704. ■ At'about half-past four o'clock on the morning of We,dnssday, 8th July, (writes the Port Pirie correspop^ppt pf the 5. A. Adver tiser)i - a cry at fire S**8 found that a bflilding, nsed ^a krtchenby the employes of Messrs H. Warreni& Go., tas on I. The wind was Wpwmg furio.us lTfrom the nor*, and t^flaxnes soon ex fended to w vj»9b w *°m very valuable horses. As both buildings were of wood, it was impossible to save any thing except the horses, which were removed just in time ; but the whole of the buildings, j together with a large quantity of harness, horse feed, all the windows for the new mill, a buggy, and many other articles, were des troyed. The damage done is estimated at over £409, if tools, clothes, &c.;, belonging to the workmen are included. One man alone lost fully £50 worth of tools. The Greymouth Star says :—" The head of the Wellington police is known to have con siderable decision of character, and our con temporary the Tribune now instances him as authority on character. It appears that In spector Aitcheson was at Wanganui very re cently, and was called upon to give 'character' to a couple of delinquents, which he did by describing one as the* most untruthful man he ever met,' .which was certainly saying a great deal; the other he ticketed as ' the greatest loafer in the Province.* No one can accuse Inspector Aitcheson of being 4 mealy mouthed/ ' Some days ago we drew attention to the fact that the New Zealand Government had provided English postage stamps for the ac commodation of persons requiring replies to letters without putting friends at the other other end to expense. We now take the fol lowing as further illustrative, from a New Zealand journal:—" English postage stamps of the respective value offourpence and six pence ("the former representing the South ampton letter-rate of postage; and the latter the British ^Registration fee) may be now ob tained at any New Zealand Post Office by parties desirous of forwarding stamps or stamped eavelopes for letters, in reply, from tbe Home country." The following accouut of the recent robbery of the Mudgee mail is given by tbe Sydney Empire-,—"About 2 p.m. on Friday,May 29, the Mudgee mail was stuck-up by two armed men, and robbed. The coach was on its way with the Sydney mails, and had reached a part- of the road known by the name of Aaron's Pass—a spot 24 miles from Mudgee, presenting every facility for concealment and then sudden appearance of robbers—when two armed men came into view, and present ing-revolvers at the driver of the coach and at the -passengers, gave tbe usual order to ' bail up.' The coach was stopped, and the passengers having been made to alight, were searched and robbed of what money and valuables they had upon them, and then the mail-bags were taken. The name of tbe driver of the coach was Robert M'Cartney. There were six passengers in the coach, and they were robbed of about £6 only. The robbers were disguised, having sacks over their bodies, with holes in the sacks for their arms to come through, and their faces Were, covered with pieces of cloth like dirty calico. A shot was fired by one of the .bushrangers before the mail bags were given up, but ithaB not transpired at whom the shot was aimed. There were seven mail-bags, and they were opeued and taken away by the bushrangers. The bags were afterwards recovered by the Keen's Swamp police. The mail-bags con tained- the following mails :—Gulgong for Sydney, Mudgee for Sydney, Mudgee for Bathurst, Mudgee for Wallarawang, Mudgee for Paramatta, Cudgegong for Wallarawang, There were no registered letters for any place but .Sydney, and very few for Sydney." A number of farmers around Clare are paying some attention, to the planting of gum trees, which will not only add variety to the landscape, but when they become numerous enough, be instrumental in preserving the health of the district. H.M.S. Challenger has, arrived at Wel lington front Sydney on her expedition in connection with the laying of the New Zea land cable. She reports the deepest sound ings to be 2^500 fathoms, with a bottom of mud and sand till close to tbe New Zealand coast. 