THE COMIC GOSPEL. FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) It appears that for some months past much excitement has been produced in Edinburgh and other towns in Scotland by tho singular exercises of a couple of itinerant Americans — Mr. Moodyand Mr. Sankey. For a very long time no entertainment has been so po- pular m Edinburgh ns that which goes by tbe name of theso gentlemen. It is at- tcudecl by overflowing audienccB. Crowds of enthusiasts follow- the performers from ono place to another, for it is part of their system to havo much variety as possible, and to hold their meetings in all sorts of different buildings, in town halls, lec ture-rooms, and churches of all denomina tions. The meetings are held at all hours of the day, and some aro for young men, some for mothers, somo for fathers, others for young women, clerks, students, or little children. Curiosity is stimulated by huge placards on tbe walls, and several periodi cals command a large sale by describing the performances. The nature of the exhibition is stated in the following announcement : — " At G.30 p.m. Mr. Moody will preach the Gospel, and Mr. Sankey will sing tho Gospel." Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey are Americans, from Chicago, and we learn from ono of their organs that their visit to Scot land was prompted by a feeling that the churches there stood " specially in need of the application of those brisker, livelier more direct modes of appeal which are characte ristic of America. Mr. Moody, we are further told, is " not a man of much educa tion orcn'turo; his manner is abrupt and blunt ; bis speeoli bristles with America nisms ; bis voice is sharp, rapid, and collo quial." He is remarkable for his want of of sanctimoniousness, and " a play of liumor spurts out sometimes in bis most serious ad dresses." He interlardB bis lectures with droll or wonderful stories, or, as the writer puts it, "be lias in his possession a large number of incidents anil experiences well Gtted to throw light on tlie points lie em ploys them to elucidate, aud to clinch the appeals which he uses them to en force." in the intervals of Mr. Moody's lectures, Mr. Sankey sings hymns. " Abhorring the notion of providing a musical entertainment merely to please those who are not in the Kingdom of God," be socks to move " by truth expressed iu the most winning tones." It is also "in sub servience to spiritual euds that Mr. Sankey uses the harmonium." Sankey's Sacred Solos are sold by the thousand ; and bis example and exhortations are also said to havo given a great impulse to tbe trade in harmoniums. Tbe sort of entertainment which is thus presented may be gathered from the descriptions given by persons who profess to have enjoyed it. " We are having a very good time just now," writes one ; "old Formality has got his neck broken." "on Friday night," says another, "after Mr. Moody's solemn word, there seemed to be a great smashing up of souls." The audience is alternately moved to laughter and tears. The Gospel is preached, not only with the pronuncia tion, but in the dialect, of Chicago ; and tbe result is no doubt something very different from that to which Seoteh congre gations arc accustomed. Jokes, slang, stories, and sensational exclamations aro freely inter spersed. Mr. Moody's strange accents and " spurts of humor " work up the people into a state of excitement in which it is as easy to cry as laugh. A parable translated into the language of Artemus Ward, and enlivened by touches of Yankee wit, is a novel sensa tion, and the effect is enhanced by a sudden change to startling threats of damnation, and appeals to come and bo saved. Then comes Sankey's lively solo, sung in a very good stylo to a niolouy that might pass for secular in a worldly concert room but for tlie words. People who go only to bo amused, as most of the audience go, aro provided with a curious and racy entertainment, quite as good in its way as the Christy Minstrels. Others of an impressible temperament arc thrown into more 'lr less violent paroxysms of hysterical emotion. Thoso who aro acquainted with the history of revivals will recognise in tho agitation which has been carried on in Edin burgh and elsewhere a repetition, in a slightly modified form, of the ordinary type of these disorders. There are different methods of getting intoxicated, and this is one of them. Nothing is easier than for a skilled and daring expert iu revivalism to work upon the nerves and feelings of xvpak, susceptible persons so as to throw the blood to the lieail, and bring on all tbe sym- toms of violent excitement. One of Mr. Moody's disciples has designated him the " Lightning Minister of the Lightning City," and there can he no doubt that bis performance is of a very rousing kind. In common revivals mere shouting and shriek ing answer the purpose of the operators, but Mr. Moody's exercises are of a more artistic quality. Friends of the movement, mingled witb the audience, also lend their aid. They pounce upon any one who seems to be moved, aud pour in their exhortations ; and there are also private rooms to which cases of distress are conveyed. "About forty," says one account, "confessed that they were new converts, anil about forty stood up as anxious to bo saved, and were asked to go to tho other side of the hall, where they were conversed with. " A servant-girl is described as weeping like an inundation. The "workers" in attend ance on ber bad to keep her constantly sup plied with a change of fresh pocket-hand kerchiefs and dry hymn-books. Another time Mr. Moody called upon seven gentle men on the platform to telt the company how they were saved. " Most of them were well-known men, a minister, a colonel in the army, a merchant, a sheriff, a doctor, a no bleman, and a captain in the navy. The effect was marvellous." 1'rayers were offered up for an "uncle who is an infidel," for " a family, the father an avowed infidel, and tbe mother and children un converted," for " a clergymnn of the Church of Ireland who is imbued with Rationalistic orrors." At one of the meetings the experiences of a young lady were given as part of tbe entertainment. " For an hour she sat in the greatest agony ; her hands were clasped, her eyeballs looked as if they would start from their sockets." Even children are worked upon — little children of eight or nine — with all the ter rifying formula of the Revivalist school. A little boy illustrated his faith by remarking that, if his sister received an offer of mariage from a very rich man who had promised sho should live in a fine mansion, would she not be very foolish to refuse such an offer? At one meeting we are toid of "a dear little boy, about nine years of age, at most ten, who was crying as if bis little heart would break," wliilo a . "kindly father-like man" was torturing the poor child with things too deep for bim to understand. Wo read of a book which was sent to another child containing three leaves— one white, the next blood red, and the third white, in dicating salvation. " You can't have too much blood," is Moody's motto. It is said to be too soon to estimate the re sults of the agitation which has been carried on by these expedients ; but it is not very difficult to anticipate what, judging from former experience, tbey are likely to be. -It is impossible to imagine anything more un wholesome and debilitating than the sort of morbid excitement and hysterical rapture which is thus cultivated ; and in other cases the consequenco has invari ably been a reaction of a deplorable kind. In the country districts of Scotland revivals have usually left their mark in an increase of drunkenness and a scandalous addition to tbe Registrar-General's statistics of illegiti macy. In Edinburgh the heat and frenzy have probably been less intense than might be supposed from the extravagant language of the organs of the movement. It can readily be understood that, as one of these papers says, " hundreds of young persons who were formerly accustomed to go to the theatre, opera, and pantomime, gave up deliberately, and from choice and the force of conviction attended the prayer- meetings but tbe explanation in a great many cases is no doubt that tlie prayer-meetings wero found to be more amnsing and stimulating. One of Mr. Moody's most " screaming bits," as they say in the play-bills, is a moek repre sentation of a court of law for the trial of Jesus Christ. He asks the congregation to consider itself a court of inquiry, and nominates one of the ministers present to be usher and to call in the witnesses, who are then examined with Yankee freedom and jocularity by Mr. Moody. Pilate's wife is called Mrs. l'ilate, and among tbe other wit nesses arc the Apostles, the angels, and the Deity. This sort of roaring fun goeB beyond anything on the stage. It is hard to say whether the treatment of religion in this manner does most harm by bringing sacred things into ridicule, by afflicting some feeble minds with idle agony, or by overbalancing others with tho inflation of self- righteous arrogance and conceit. There 13 not the faintest' trace of educated intelligence or spiritual elevatiuh in Mr. Moody's harangues. They are a mere gabble of texts, interspersed with gro- tcsque or sensational anecdotes, and spiced with vulgar American slang. The most ex traordinary feature of the agitation is that it should bo connived at anil patronised by the clergy of Edinburgh aud other towns. It is obvious that if Moody and Sankey aro right in their modo of preaching the Gospel, and if tho success of these performances is really a 44 great owakcniuc ' and tho 44 power of the Holy Ghost in Scotland," the ordinary services of religion must bo a melancholy force. Everybody wlio has been in Soot- land must have been struck with tho severe endurance and fortitudo with which a Scotch congregation sits out, not only a long nnd drcarv sermon, but a series of prayers which aro the worst sort of ser mons in disguise ; and it is not surprising that the Scotch laity should be thankful for a little relaxation. But that the ministers themselves should come forward in this manner to proclaim publicly that their whole system is a failure and waste of time is really strange. It must be still more won. derful if, in supporting and recommending Messrs. Moody and Sankey, they do not seo that they aro condemning themselves. Either a great awakening is good lor their flocks or it is not ; if it is, why do they not take measures to bring it about on their own account? The only justification which is . offered for the eccentricities and buffooneries of the Yankee propaganda is simply that the end justifies the means, and that the great thing is to producean impress! ononthe public mind, no matter how. Jt would appear, therefore, that sermons bad better be aban doned for singing aud story-telling, and there is no logical reason why the reform should stop here. The banjo and the bones might be substituted for the harmonium, and Mr. Sankey's solos might be occasionally varied by a little dancing. The Fantee, Flip-flag Fandango would be an appropriate accom paniment to Mr. Moody's "spurts of humor" and select anecdotes. If it is to be under stood that it is the business of Christian' churches to compete, as the British Evan, getist. holds, with "the theatre, opera and pantomime," why is the competition left to these American gentlemen? It is stated that Messrs, Moody and Saukey may shortly be expected in Loudon, but they will per haps discover that their liue of busiucss has already been pretty well. worked at tho Tabernacle and elsewhere. 