SHOCKING TRAGEDY AT NARROGIN. On Saturday morning the sad and startling intelligence reached Perth that Mr. Foster, (the landlord of the inn at Narrogin), had been shot dead by his servant-man, and on making enquiry the report was found to be only too true. The particulars are subjoined in the following precis of the melancholy affair, and they disclose one of the most dreadful and dastardly murders it has ever been our misfortune to have to chronicle—a tragedy which must lead all who hear of it to exclaim in the words of the ghost in Hamlet, "Murder most foul, as in the best it is. But this most foul, strange, and unnatural " The man who stands charged with com- mitting this atrocious crime is a conditional pardon holder, named Gill, an elderly person, who was employed as cook in Mr. Foster's service. On Friday afternoon, while the male members of the family were at the races, Gill expressed his dissatisfaction at the quality of some of the food served to him that day, and intimated a desire to leave. His employer attempted to reason with him, stating that the meat was off the same joint us he and his family had partaken of; but he was not to be placated, and became insolent to Mr Foster and also to one of his daughters, Miss Matilda Foster. Towards the evening, however, the man appeared to regret his previous misconduct, and mentioned that he wished nothing more to be thought about it ; he would willingly stay his month out, and then a further en- gagement could be entered into if desirable. Gill appeared to be in his usual cheerful spirits all the evening, and there was nothing whatever in the man's demeanour to in- dicate that he meant mischief. Shortly after eight o'clock Mr. Foster's attention was called to the fact that Gill had not finished his kitchen work—a circumstance that led the family to suppose that he had possibly left the premises for some purpose or other. Mr. Foster being anxious to ascertain his whereabouts, obtained a lantern, and, having lit it, entered the yard at the rear of the dwelling house, and whilst proceeding in the direction of Gill's room, a gun was discharged, and Mr. Foster, staggering a few paces, fell on his knees, exclaiming aloud, " He has shot me; send for a doctor." Miss Matilda Foster, who hap- pened to be standing in a passage which looks out into the yard, heard the report and saw the flash of the gun, and could see her father in the position just described still holding the lantern in his hand. In- stantly comprehending the state of affairs, she rushed in the direction of the stables, with the intention ot saddling a horse to procure the assistance of a neighbour, but the horrible thought flashed on her mind that the miscreant who had shot her father might treat her in the same manner ; so she abandoned the idea of entering the stable, and ran off on foot, through the bush to the nearest neighbour, distant about a mile. She, however, failed to obtain any assistance before reaching Mr. Cronin's, where she arrived after great difficulty, having, in attempting to reach the place by a short cut, missed her way and became entangled in a dense black-boy thicket. The heroic girl, nothing daunted by the difficulties she had to encounter in her errand for life or death, divested herself of a portion of her garments in order to be the better able to push her way through bush and scrub. Mr. Cronin, who is a feeble, aged man, when informed of the occurrence, made the best of his way to Narrogin, while Miss Foster proceeded to another neighbour's —Martin's—still further down the Perth road. Here, no one was found but Mrs. Martin, with her young family, and Miss Foster then set out to Fancott's—between three and four miles from Narrogin. A little boy, however,—son of Mr. Martin— was the only person that could be found available to proceed to Perth, and he was sent off as soon as possible on horseback. He, after proceeding a short distance, was met by his father, who brought on the intelli- gjence, arriving in town about two o'clock in the morning. As speedily as possible the police and a medical man were com- municated with, and Dr. Hora at once proceeded to Narrogin. On arriving there, however, the doctor found that Mr. Foster had been dead some time, and that, judging from the nature of the wound inflicted by the gun-shot, no medical skill could have availed in saving his life, the contents of the gun having entered his body on the right side, through and below the ribs, breaking four of the ribs, and causing the liver to protrude. Mr. Foster remained in the position in which he fell for about two hours occasionally suffering moments of extreme pain, but conversing quite rationally with his daughter and daughter-in-law, who with some young children, were the sole occupants of the house, in momentarily dread, as they were, of being themselves made the victims of the assassin's rage. Relief, though late, came at last, and Mr. Foster was removed into his dwelling-house ; where he was observed to gradually sink, completely exhausted by the loss of blood. He died at four o'clock in the morning. When the police arrived on the premises a search was made, and Gill was found miss- ing, and tracked for some distance along the Albany Road. The gun with which the dastardly and fatal shot was fired was discovered a few yards from the house, with the outer rim of the nipple blown off, testifying to the heavy charge with which the musket had been loaded. It had been taken from Mr. Edward Foster's bedroom, which the murderer had broken into for the purpose of arming himself with it: powder and shot were also obtained in the same room. An examination of Gill's own bed- room disclosed the fact that the atrocious deed was premeditated, he having carefully packed up in a bundle a quantity of pro- visions available for the bush after escaping from the scene of murder. For some reason or other, however, he went away without these rations, but took care to arm himself with a formidable carving knife, which was found concealed on his body after his arrest. The particulars of his arrest are detailed in the follow- ing statement made by the person who took him into custody—Mr. Thomas, a farmer, residing at Rockingham. At the preliminary investigation before Mr. Lin- dor, the police magistrate, at Perth, on Monday, Mr. Thomas said:— "I was standing yesterday afternoon in conversation with Mr. Hall and Mr. W. Knight, near a barn, on the premises at Woongong, when I observed a man coming from the back of the garden, crossing the road, and proceed in the direction of a con- tiguous brook. When he spied us, he seemed to avoid us, and my suspicion was aroused by the fact that in appearance he resembled the description of the man I had that morning received from the police, and supposed to be the murderer of Mr. Foster. I expressed this conviction to Mr. Hall, and followed the prisoner with the view of arresting him. When I had approached within about forty yards to him, I called out, "Halloa ! mate, where are you going? I want a bit of chat with you." He halted, and came up to the fence—he being on one side and I on the other. I then asked him where he had come from, and he made answer, Bunbury. "How came you to be here, then ?" I enquired ; and he replied " I am looking for water and the road." Observing that he carried a bottle, I asked him what it contained, and he said it was water. With the view of testing his veracity, I asked him several questions relating to who and what he had seen on the road from Bunbury, and my suspicions being confirmed, I said, '* You are the man the police are looking for, and I will take you into custody. You are the man who shot Mr. Foster." I then took him by the hand, jumped over the fence, and arrested him, taking the bottle from him and a stick which he carried in his hand. When I charged him with shooting Mr. Foster, he exclaimed, "Mr. Foster shot! I am sorry to hear it." I remarked, "So am I sorry and sorry for you, too." I then requested him to turn his pockets inside out, and he did so and gave me the knife produced (an ordinary clasp knife.) He said this was all he had about him. I thereupon said I will now take you to Narrogin, and if anybody there will identify you, and if there is no policeman about, I will take you to Perth myself." I then put him in Mr. Hall's car , and drove him to the inn at Narrogin, where I met Sergeant Rowe, to whom I gave him in charge, The prisoner was subsequently identified by Mrs William Foster, as the supposed murderer of her father-in- law. Mr. Foster, the deceased, was one of our earliest settlers, having arrived in the ship Hooghly, in the year 1830; and as a singular coincidence it may be mentioned that the day on which be met his untimely and shocking death was also the anniver- sary—the forty-fourth—of his arrival in this colony. So well known was the deceased as a thoroughly honest, upright and industrious colonist, that we need add but little relating to the esteem in which he was held by a large circle of acquaint ances, among all classes of the community. Our own personal and intimate acquaint- ance with him during the past thirtv-five years has given us an opportunity of judg- ing of his amiable qualities. He took an active part in the early struggles of the settlement, and he prospered by his sheer- indomitable energy and perseverance, until, after many ups and downs, he had gathered around him, at the time of his death, the wherewithal to have rendered his declining years a period of comparative comfort and ease. His remains were interred in the Church of England cemetery on Sunday afternoon last, the funeral being largely and respectably attended. The mourning cortege numbered upwards of a hundred mourners and followers; thus testifying how much he was respected when alive, and how widespread the sympathy with his sorrowing family in their bereavement for the untimely loss of an affectionate husband and fond father. GOVERNOR WELD.—We learn from the papers by the mail that II is Excellency, tccoinpaiiied by his orderly and Mr. II. Weld tfluudell, arrived at Melbourne by P. &. O packet Pent oa the IGtu January. Dariug fail «*y His Excellency visited the jiriiicijial public Uistitotjons in Melboame an4 paid a visit U (fcdlaraL The Governor of Victoria— Sir Georsc Boweu — was oa a visit to Tasmania on His Excellency's arrival hat returned the dsj previous to his departure for Sydney, namely, 33rd January. His Excellency, with Mr. Weld (tUroddll, wok passage by the A.S.S.O».'s s Vie oria, and arrived in Svilruy on the 29tfJ fanoary. from which port tbv-y would proceed to New Zealand. I Son-day School Picxios. — On Thursday! last tbe children attendta* tbe P«rth -.k-o£r-*ationaf SaotUy school. Bosompanicd bf their minister.] parent* aud Iriends. j-r,-cee.5ed down theriver ia tbel steamer 1 Jidy Stirling kindly pUeed at their service] ity Mr. tUadeil fur the occasion— tot lie neighborhood] M Crawler, where they held their usual anuuaJ tstirai. and it is needless to add. enjoyed themselves o their hearts' content. Yesterday tbe scholars of St. Geort;e'« Cathedral Sunday School were treated o their usiu! anniu.1 fei«. and proceeded down the ?irer by eteamer for that purpose. tVovisiuoa had Men liberally supplied by tbe teachers and otho iberal -hearted members of tbe cm-regalion. and the imuBemenU-indateal in by tUe (ittle folk weresneb is would gratirv tbe veriest gourmand for fan and Tecreatiou. Altogether a very pleasant day was speijt. Urn weather being all tliateoaid be desired tot Ujnesco diversions. JfiuuxuM. — The Secretary to the Pin larrfh Uuads Board has desired us to eobstttut. UAnday for .-atorday io the adv«ituement calling Sor tenders for repairs to Uauidarali Ferry. lll- idvertisement appears ou oar fourth page. 