EXECOUIONS IN PARIS. Trn double execution of Moreau and B,uda, hba been no often announced ae imminent, and the crowd has heen so often disap pointed, that there were fewer people present * on the Place de in R.,quette on Tuesday morning than might have been expected. A detachment of one hundred and fifty men * of the Garde de Panri arrived on the place at three o'clock in the morning. S on after a cart with the framework of the guailitine, and M. Roch, the executioner, acc'i,mpntied by two assietauts, appeared. The G-irdee de Parie formed three nides of a square round the fatal instrument, the crowd being thus prevented from approaching, and tihe figures of II. Roch and his asisttants could only he dimly seen flitting about in their ghost-like white lIlousnes. &i; piece iy piece they erected the gtillotine, not a word was to be heard. \Viien all thitige were completed, Tir. Ikoch was seen to make a careful inspection of the gnilio tine by tie light of a hand lantern. This done, lie :caused the knife to fall two or three times in order to assure Iiimeelf that everything wan. in good working order. T'hien the execu tioner, accompanied by M[. Claude, the heaid * of the detective departmetit, end Ahbl.· Cio~"s, tie chiaplain of the prieon, proceclede S'tO oreaun, the wife- poisniner'n cell, to inform the doomed man that ris hlst hour had come. MIoranu wals sileeping calmly wheln the fatal cortege entered his cdli. lie ,received the terrible ilnounicemoeit very quietly, end when asked by the comruilsar' of police whether he had any atatement to mnake, he merely replied that has wis iel. :t .noceut. He was left alone with tihe priest for five or six miinutes, atid tlieii the hii riinlo operiation known as tile "tiilette " ienl.'il. This consints in cutting iiwiiy the hailr from the back of the prisier'e hieal nod nieck, an well no part of lile uppler gairmeittl in ,,rditi that the knife may liiiv Iree play. During this operation, Mi?oroeu diii not utter a eingle word. Oiliy when hie heizn wore leinl, s hacklod lie remarked--" suiely this is use less.tt At a quarter to cix ,hin 1,rieoe gater opened, and il-loanltl appearedi inii ireneiice ll the croind. He neemed tii wnalk very sneladily, with heiii erect iiid vnithi iiihalieriiing~oneps. Hii extriiiirdintary paletness was ninuci ret tuarkedi. \Vilen lie reachieB l tile guillitiun he hiioked roandl ait the c rowd ain exclaiinei, "enelcsieere, I die innicent i " These wordo wore distinctly heard ail over the Place do Ia Roquetto. The next moment M. Roch seized Moreau, pushed him forward on to the plcnik, the unite feli, and all was over. The moment Mirneau'as Iheat IIIIII body ili fallen into thio iniatet of eawdost prepared for them, If. RiochuH tsucitants set to woik to wash the guillotine of tioi bhiodtci wiii hich]i it was staitel in order th ,t thie next suffier might not oee on execution liad ahteady I taken plice. Whilst Morou wase being led I to dcath, Boudse wan buiong paetrred for execuion. When his'cell res entired by MJ. Cin.ulei tdlie ex.'uteui,.ler? e "ahe I I 'oi wtI,, W?e wiit. isilkis,~ --ofrFIy ?ith tht, rdrr aS hie hbed t,ees, wiCk* Iy the nsi-' in .J,,reeu'g c-Ill, sil, w-C in a -tat. of i h1 utmnost anxiety, still hopinc apperently to be reprieved. On beingp told-that he was to die, he replied, "here I am; I am ready !" He then protested his innocence, and de clared that his execution was a crime against justice. He walked quietly, though hardmly 10o steudily a Maorean. but without suppert, to the mt,"ill'.tine. Th.rr he kiss-d tnle aC cimnpllnrit prielt. ant hanl , I liidn-eli oTrC In tile exncltiif.r Wiltthut utl-rinai a wrl. Wihetlher M[. Roch'bs nerres had been affected by the previous execution is not known, but he certainly was by no miens adr,,it in plaein? the unfortunate Boudas on the fetal plank, as he hod to re-adjiet himn during a spoce of several seconds, which seemed horribly long to the bys:endere. At last the knife fell, and the second criminal's head dropped into the basket. There woa onlyten mlnrltes' interval between the two exeeutions. B.udss hbd rohbed and mor deredl one Faath, a broker of the T-ie Audren, Paris.; 