MISCELLANEOUS. A telegram in the Advertiser says that Dr. Todman, of Moonta, has been severely injured. He was standing in front of his horse when it bolted, and was knocked down. The buggy was smashed to pieces. The Speaker of the House of Assembly entertained at dinner on Wednesday night the half of the members of that Chamber, j Port Augusta has recently been visited J with some powerful gales. The wool ships j dragged their anchors, but did not sustain j any damage. j The second reading of the Payment of Members Bill was carried in the Victorian i Assembly by 36 to 26 votes. The fraudulent circumstances connected with the BaUorat Art Union (so called) is1 to be brought before the Victorian Assem-1 bly, and the propriety of action being taken [ against the magistrates, including the two: mayors of Ballarat, who have given their personal countenance to the scandal, is to be j uiged upon the Government. j A state school teacher (F. W. Leeson) at the Swan dale State School, near Benalla, has been committed for trial, charged with indecently assaulting four girls attending his school. A young woman, whose lover was im prisoned at the Gastlemaine gaol, attempted to lighten his weary hours by sending him a pipe and tobacco concealed in an apple pie. The device was discovered, end the object in view frustrated. The WalhaUa Chronicle makes the follow ing boast:—" Walhafla, with a dozen chapels, and a Church of England, indepen dent of two large halls, and the richest mines in the whole of Australia, cannot boast of a solitaiy resident lawyer." A man whose name is unknown, and who it is believed is a lunatic escaped from the Yarra Bend Asylum, has been frightening women and children at Hawthorn, Victoria, and the neighborhood by going about enve loped in a sheet and personating a ghost. One young girl named Brpokfield, a servant, was so frightened by his antics and appear ance that she had a succession of fits and had to be sent home. Die man has since then, it is said, been found drowned in a waterhole, at Boroondara. The Forbet Timet says:—" The following gentlemen, Messrs. T. H. West, Strickland Bros., C. H. Baetye, and W. Haigh, went out on Wednesday, and shot on the Bunda burra run:—22 wild horses, 33 wild pfgs, 15 kangaroos, 14 native companions, 6 swans, 18 ducks, 4 turkeys, and one white Eelican. How it would have rejoiced the | eart of the red-coated, leather-breeched, top-booted, old "English huntsman to have been with them." Here is a specimen of the late failures in | Launceston, Tasmania:—Messrs. Peters, Barnard, & Co., direct liabilities, £55,000; contingent liabilities, £150,000; total amount to rank on the estate, £160,000, against unsecured assets of only £15,000. White, Mills, & Co'e., total liabilities are over £50,000. Messrs. W. B. Edliti and Co., £10,800. Messrs. H. B. Nicholls and Co., £7,000. Mr. Hubbard, £12,400. Sir. J. W. Brand, £12,300. The following firms have also stopped payment:—Dowie and Woodgate, Cartledge and Co., Mr. James Roberts, Mr. Joseph Paybody, Mr. G. Morris, and Mr. John Cartledge. The late gales appear to have had a severe effect upon the onion crop in the Bellarine district, Victoria. A correspondent of the GeeUmg Advertiser writes that " the onion crop in this locality has suffered from the late gales, and in some instances acres of them have been entirely blown away and the land resown. One gentleman ho| lost between three and four acres in this way, and ] there are others who have suffer®! more or less, and as the lost onions have been; replaced by other descriptions of seed, I there will not be such an abundance of t them as was at first expected. j The Mark Lane Express says that Mr. James Fisher has just shipped to his brother ! in Australia 17 Clydesdale mates. These j mares hare been selected with great care I and at much expense. Among- these is the well-known mare Darling, one of the most successful prize-takers in Scotland, who finished her career in England by the winning- of the cup at Stirling, open to all I comers. Mr. Wehratedt, of Gawler, purchased the { result of the last crushing of the Lady Alice Mine in the form of an ingot, weighing ISO ozs 5 dwts, which was obtained from a fortnight's work. We have seen this cake, which is a very pretty specimen to look at, and we imagine the tributers can well endure the monotony of seeing similar blocks turned out of the mould weekly or fortnightly.—Advertiser. " It rarely happens that one individual should be intimately connected with a series of misfortunes all happening- about the same time, and in three different quarters of the globe/' writes the Melbourne Telegraph. " A gentleman, for many years connected with the Customs, in June last lost his wife by typhoid fever; his two dai^htens were down with the same fever at the time. Last mail he received news that his sister and two children, living in Esses, England, in the month of June were prostrate with the scarlet fever, and the present mail has brought the sad intelligence that his second son was, in the same month, in America, blown to atoms by an explosion in a gun powder null." The Melbourne Leader says:—If the Americans as a nation were responsible for the acts of lawless ship captains, who dis grace their country's flag in foreign ports, they would have something considerable to answer for. Not many years ago, on a 4th of July celebration, an American skipper, in the port of Liverpool, publicly insulted the British Sag. Two hours after the event, a body of men, some 400 strong, swarmed the American craft and cut her masts down level with the deck. The captain, who by one outrage provoked another, probably had in the end to bear the brunt of his folly, and this must invariably be the case under simi lar circumstances. A few days since the American ship Are turns attempted to leave this port in an illegal manner. One of her officers had got into debt, and as the vessel was sailing out of the Bay the water police boarded her to serve the man with a legal process. Instead of permitting the con stables quietly to perform their duty, the captain put them in a basket, and handed them over the side of the ship into their own boat, and then attempted to escape. Before the ship could get out of the Bay, however, another posse of police constables boarded her, armed with revolvers, which they would have used if necessaiy, and a warrant to apprehend the captain of the ship for obstructing the police in the execu tion of their duty. By this time the skipper's courage had cooled considerably, and he suffered himself to be arrested and taken before the magistrates, by whom he was fined £30. Subsequently the officer who had attempted to evade payment of a just debt was forced to pay up, and then the unworthy pair were permitted to go on their voyage, the wiser probably by the lesson British law has taught them. Such men bring disgrace upon their country, and they should be made to suffer for it on reaching an American port, upon the report of their consul to the United States authorities." An account has reached the Journal Officid of a frightful tragedy on the high seas. On June 8 the Italian vessel Napoleon Camarere sailed from Macao, with a crew of 40 men, 66-3 coolie3 for Callao, and 8,000 packets of fireworks. After a lapse of two days the interpreter discovered a plot among the emigrants to seize the ship. The cap tain immediately ordered one half of them to be confined in the hold, but the next day those who remained on deck armed them selves with knives, belaying pins, pieces of wood, in short, anything they could lay their hands on, and attacked the crew, who defended themselves with muskets and re volvers. The coolies then massed them selves on the forecastle, and set fire to the vessel, hoping that the crew would set to work at the pumps to extinguish the flames. During that time they had also freed their comrades and murdered the few sailors they could get hold of. The captain, seeing what they were doing, ordered the boats to be lowered, and left the ship with the re mainder of his men. Some sailors who re | mained on board with the doctor, the maga zine man, and the interpreter, were unable to prevent the flames from reaching the fire works, and the ship blew op, scattering the fragments of the mutineert in fevary direc tion, under the very eyes of the escaped crew. A horrible story comes from Nagpore, India. A woman who lived in the village of Mythapore with her husband and two children, formed an illicit connection with a Bheel, and in order to make discovery impossible determined to murder her hus band. The deed was done with a hatchet at night, and the grave was hastily dug in the house by her and her paramour, into which the body was speedily flung. In a few days a powerful effluvium rose from the grave, and the woman, alarmed lest it should soon attract the attention of the neighbors, determined to exhume the body, and with the help of the Bheel, enlarge and deepen the grave, and then lay the murdered man once more in it They were proceed ing with the task, when two children sud denly came in from an adjoining "room, and recognising the body commenced to cry aloud. The guilty pair flew 8t them like mid beasts, gagged, tied them to the foot of the charpoy, and then the woman deli berately set fire to the house, destroying, as she thought, all evidence of her crime at a blow. " A new, and what promises to be a most i annoying weed, has made its appearance," the Geelong Advertiser states, " in certain portions of the Western District. The . name which it has received from a gentle man who professes to be well versed in bo tanical science is the Indian matweed. It was first observed near the township of Winchelsea about two years ago, but since then it has spread rapidly. The weed spreads over the surface of the ground, almost in the same way as wire grass, de stroying eveiy other land of vegetation in its vicinity. It has a long narrow leaf of a whitish color, which, when pressed, gives forth an odour like camomile. In summer itbeaisa email berry, which, when ripe, contains a fine greyish powder. Neither sheep nor . cattle will touch it, and when it has got a footing, ordinary efforts to eradi cate it are found unavailing. Some small paddocks at the rear of the shire hall, Winchelsea, are white with it, and at Bir regurra, as well as some of the level lands along the Barwon, it is causing considerable annoyance and anxiety." A tricolor flag on the summit of Metz Cathedral, which has been a constant eye sore to the Germans, has just been removed, a reward of 100 thalers having "been offeredj for the feat, which was attended! with considerable danger. After1 gaining the top of the Gothic tower two balls had to be scaled to reach the flagstaff. A native of Brandenburg, accustomed to perilous enterprises,' undertook the task,: providing himself, with two planks fori scaling toe balls. On surmounting the first; he staggered, and* everybody expected him to fall, but he reached the flagstaff, lowered the emblem of French rule^ and substituted. a German flag of black, white, and red. In four hours he was again at the bottom, and was cheered by the Germans, while a troop of soldiers who had witnessed the operation 1 returned to their quarters. i The following are the views of a Tas manian legislator respecting responsible go vernment in that colony:—" Mr. Lewis did j not think we could get & better man to fill the office of Governor in this colony than Mr. Du Cane. He had filled the position most satisfactorily to the whole community. He (Mr. Lie wis) should not have risen to say a single word had it not been for the observation made by the hon. member for North Launceston—that at no distant day we should probably be ruled entirely by local men. in his (Mr. Lewis's) expe rience, it would have been better had we never been roJed by colonial men at all. i (Laughter.) He was satisfied that Mr. Du Cane could have controlled this colony without responsible advisers. He did not believe in the Parliamentary system. It was entirely too cumbrous for the adminis tration of the affairs of a hundred thousand I TtAAnla Tf Viorl KbAfk AininAnflo I —- «»•» nwmm vwiuvuuj wiouMicaa" fuL The colony had not progressed in the ratio of enormous expenditure. He hoped the time was far distant when-the colony would be separated from the parent State. We were not fit to manage our own affairs." | The Melbourne correspondent of the Mart/borough Advertiser, whoever he may be, evidently (says the Climes Guardian) had " his eye on his father" when he wrote | the following in support of the reinearna-! tion theory:—"Many a Sunday school teacher who is murdering children's minds, once murdered men's bodies. Many a 'queen of society' once walked the streets as a common prostitute. Many a collector of nightsoil was once a proud patrician; and many an occupant of oar pulpits may have ibeen a pimp, pander, or a 'bonnet' at a gambling booth in a former incarnation. And so with all. No one of us can threw . j a stone at another, and least of all this pre i sent writer, to whom God has revealed some of his former lives, than which nothing ' could be more atrocious." On the last trip of the Pioneer from Cir | cular Head (reflects the Cornwall Chronicle) a fine little girl, aged about eight years, was playing on deck, when she fell over the; combings of the hatchway into the hold where six large and rather wild bullocks were placed. One of these endeavored to I reach the child with its horns, and there was danger that she would fall over in, front of some of these bullocks. She was in a frightfully dangerous position, and her mother had' fainted with terror, when a j young man, named McCullougb, leaped down into the hold, and at considerable risk to himself, rescued the child, and passed her up on deck uninjured. The Anniversary Regatta committee adopted the programme for the regatta of 187o on Tuesday. There are 14 events. In case of gentlemen amateur crews coming from England and America to compete with Australian crews, a prize of £1,000 will be given. As the regatta takes place in January, there will be little time for gen tlemen crews to avail themselves of the liberal offer of £1,000, which is no doubt a modification of the proposal made by some enthusiastic sportsmen some time ago to invite the champion pullers of the world to meet on the Sydney course, and frank them out, besides giving them a prize of £1,000 to pull for against a picked Australian crew. —Town and Country. Blackleg is an inflammatory fever to which young cattle in a thriving condition are specially liable; it sometimes, though rarely, attacks older stock. The approach of the fever is commonly unobserved; it is not until the animal walks stiffly, and carries bis head forward in a strained hori zontal position, that mischief is suspected, and when that stage is reached the patient is often beyond recovery. The sudden in crease in the supply of food which takes place in the autumn and spring is a common cause of this inflammatory, disease, especially when the animtd has been for some time previously on short commons. In the early stage of the disease bleeding may be resorted to, and this should be followed by a purging dose of Epsom salts; 1 lb or J§ lb, accord ing to the age of the animal; the dose to be repeated in sit. hours if the first produce no effect; injections may aleo be employed. Preventive measures are, however, the best. About the turn of the season every calf should get two or three doses (at intervals of 10 days) composed of 2 oz cream of tartar, 1 oz sulphur, and half a pound of Epsom salts. Some breeders are content to put a setoo in the calf's dewlap on the ap proach of autumn, and employ no medicine whatever. By way of precaution, the young stock should at once be removed to poorer pastures on the very first appearance of in flammation. The flesh after death has the congested appearance above described.— Australasian. The Wallaroo Times says:—" What may befall a special constable was exemplified on Saturday night and Monday morning last. On Saturday night the redoubtable overseer of works and special constable of Kadina retired to rest, but had not lain long when he was aroused from his slumbers by a Mrs. Eat, who intimated that her husband, a woodcarter, was going to kill her, and she, therefore, sought the constable's protection. Mr. Donovan having succeeded in quieting Mrs. Eats fears, she went off home; but about half-past 1 o'clock on Sunday morn ing the chief guardian of night and day in Kadina was awoke by his boy crying out, 'There's somebody been pushed down the tank.' Donovan arose, now in no very amiable frame of mind, and went out to find his previous visitant and her husband sprawling about among the frogs or newts in the shallow water of the family fomfr As the receptacle rejoiced in but three and a half feet of highly substantial and deeply colored ' Adams wine,' it mav-be doubted whether the pair cared much for this mode of complying with temperance dictates, and on catching sight of Mr. Donovan tihey made vociferous as well as pathetic appeals to be released from their compulsory draught. Having got Mrs. out of the tank, Donovan returned for Mr. Eat, when one of the constable's own little ones suggested:— ' Father, shut the lid, and keep him down; he pushed his wife into the tank.' Mr. Donovan, however, got the man up, and warned the pair that if they came that way agaia and troubled him, he would put them both in the lock-up." It is not often that one has to chronicle (says " Atticus" in the Leader) such a princely act of liberality as that which was lately performed by the son of one of our Australian millionaires. In the division of the property one son found himself richer by £200,000 than the other, and, contrary to the usual fitness of things, the younger brother was the more wealthy. He insisted upon giving the elder brother a cheque for an amount which would make both their fortunes equal, and after some negotiation, which was equally honorable to both gen tlemen, the younger handed over to the elder the sum of £300,000. I wonder whether any member of the proudest family in England has done so much. If he did, it is quite certain that there must be a blot somewhere in the family es cutcheon, for a proper regard to money is a distinguishing characteristic of the eupatrid. The members of the New Zealand Par liament (writes the Leader) must either be a very thirsty lot, or else the discussion of liquor laws is unusually dry work. It is said that on the night when the Liquor Law Amendment Bill was debated, the receipts at the bar . were £9 higher than on any previous occasion. The Wellington senators believe in in sic vos rum nobis, and don't care to practise upon themselves the virtues which they desire to inculcate upon others. I l he contractors for the various sections of the Kadina to Wallaroo road are now I making a fair show, and no doubt mil soon complete their engagements, " many hands making quick work." So far as we can learn, the quarrymen and boys under en gagement to the contractor for Nos. 3210 and 3257 complained on Friday, that under contract at the rate of Is 4d per yard for limestone the men could not make more than 3s 6d per day and the boys Is. The capitalist, who comes from u the next pad dock to England," or thereabouts, imme diately exclaimed that if "they would work like men they could easily earn 7s a day," thus unconsciously passing censure upon highly skilled but not over-energetic countrymen and copper miners. Many people are wicked enough to say that it only requires some people's relative positions to be changed in order to discover what each would do under the circumstances. The foregoing is said to be an example. We may state that many ordinary quarrymen and boys on the line of road, who have not the prestige of being " locked out," or of being born in the " next paddock to Eng land," are managing to make a very good dav's waere upon rates per yard no lamer [ than that referred to.— Wallaroo Times. 