CHAPTKR, V.-IN WHICH LORD BIRI-KTON OVKR RKACHKS II1M8KLV. Whether thc proverb, "Everybody has his good point,' ia one worthyof acceptance, is in our opinion, open to some doubt, Biuce, in the cuseof athoroughly offensive personage tho point in which ho displays himself to less of disadvantage than others is but too often set down as a " good" ono ; but with ro Bpoct to Lord Dirleton tho sayinghad a proporappli cation enough. Ho was a tyrannical old Turk, highly disreputable in many ways, and vencrablo in nono ; but he was redeemed by some socinl vir- tuos, lío was liberal, not to say lavish, with his money; affectionate, not to cay amorouG, in his diapooition, and at leant us violent inhispreferenceo aa m kio dislikos. Moreover, ho hated a sneak C"vhich ho shrewdly (suspected hin nephew Dick to bo), and hold a hearty plain-spoken follow (pro- vided that his opinions did not disagree wita bia own) in gonuino estimation. Had it'hecn for this roaaou alouo, ho would havo liked tho captain ; but siiico tho latter- went also " straight oo a bird" across country, was a crack shot, and hie godson tho Rubric is vory elastic, but never surely had it before admitted between its linos so unspiritual a sponsor us John, Lord Dirleton-'my Jack' was a primo favourite. Moreover, some fashionable libber had once re- marked thut thc portrait (by young Sheo) of his lordship,whun u youth nt' pightoen,wusllu> "imago" ot' tho prosont Captain 1 leyton, and that trilling circumstance had woudorl'iüly asaiutod, to increase' the egotistic old fellow's affection for Ilia oldest nephew. Jack, unlike a certain cousin of his, was not always on the look-out for spoil, and nevei asked for his debts to bo paid until tho matter be- came pressing ; didn't meddle with politics, and was not a dandy j indeed, ho would have gone on activo service, had not his uncle kept him nt home for his own pleasure, a circumstance that gavo tho lad a greater claim than all elso to regard himself as his heir. It would have boen insufferable to most young men of any spirit to live under tho same roof with Lord Dirleton in a position of dependence I upon him ; but it was not so with Jack, whoreally Iikod his undo, and would as soon havo thought of playing the sycophant as tho piano. Bashaw BS he was to mostfolks, Lord Dirleton thoroughly under- stood that Jack's own liberties were nover to be I encroached upon, nor Jack himself dictated to do haut on bas ; and that sooner than submit to the least insult, the young fellow would have packed up his half-dozen portmanteaus bf fashionable gar- ments, and left the hall at once, to face the world on Iiis own trumpery five hundred a year. And what would his lordship havo done'then? "Who would have " managed" him when he had the gout, so as to keep his temper within reasonable bounds, and prevent the servants from leaving the house en masse ? Wlio would have superintended his stud, and had thc pedigree of every horse at his finger's ends, as well as the names of tho winners of all tho Derbys, which formed the calendar of his own past? " Lot mo sec, when was it 1 first sat for Loamshire, Jack?" or "Kan away with that Ital ian woman?" or " Went out with Sir Harcourt Leslie ?" To each of which queries Jack would answer without error, as ho quietly cracked his walnuts-" Blisbury's your," or " Archimedes" year, or "Tho Dead Hoat year, be- tween Antimony and Perspiration," just as it hap- pened. Who but Jack would have left tho billiard room that winter's night, in his pumps and silk stockings, and gone into tho Homo Wood after those infernal poachers, and netted thc whole lot of them ? Well, certainly not Dick, who, what with his lisp, and his ilute.and his French phrases, might j as well have been his niece as his nephew. And if Jack was not without a sense of ino ne- cessity that lie had made himself - not with cal- culating design, however - to the old man, ho al- so acknowledged in his uncle, not, indeed, a patron but a most generous and kindly benefactor. He was not afraid of Lord Dirleton - he was afraid of no man - but he had carefully avoided all oc- casions of quarrel with him, aud now that a dis- agreement was pending between them-one likely to be most serious and lasting-his pity for him- self was notunmingled with pity for his antagonist., " The old fellow has always behaved to me like a" trump," was Ins present reflection, as he took his way slowly towards the hall after his parting with Evy ; " whatever he says, I will try to keep my temper, and look at the.matter from his own point of view. " Ho meant, of course, short of yielding tho main point, of which, as we have said, he was by birth incapable. Even his cousin Dick, by ceruparison a most prudent and calculating cha- racter, never gave up a fancy, no matter what the pecuniary advantage of so doing. Unfortunately, Lord Dirleton himself was a Ileyton also. Never had the Park, with its herds and flocks, seemed so well worth possessing as now when the captain trod it as its heir presumptive perhaps for the last time ; never had the grand old hall seemed an inheritance so fair as now, when ho was ap- proaching it' as its future master perhaps for the last time. To ordinary visitors on foot, the porter, a solemn being, resplendent in scarlet and gold, opened the postern door let in to one'side of the hugo gateway ; to persons of higher quality, and to .junior members of the house of Ileyton, one wing of tho gato was flung back at their approach; for his Lordship and the captain alone was reserved tho honour of having the great gate 'thrown open. In the first caso tho resplendent creature,,rapt in contemplative calm,- took no notico of thc in- comer, whom he ushered into the courtyard, thcro to be received by an inferior member of thc house- hold ; in tho second he stood bolt upright, like a soldier at " attention ; " in tho third caso he re- moved his gold-bound and cockaded hat, and bowed to the extreme limit that obesi ty permitted. "Will old Benson ever bow like that again to mo ? " thought Jack grimly, as he ackuowlcgded tho re tainer'sprofound salutation. For tho entail stopped with the present Lord, who had, as has been said, the power of leaviug house, and land, and gold everything, in fact, but his bore title-to whom- soever he pleased. Jack's mind pursued the same thread of thought-not a very high one, perhaps, but a natural ono enough under the circumstances as he mounted thc great stairs, up which ho had so often assisted his uncle's crippled feet, and passed along the gallery from whoso walls his an- cestors seemed to regard him with doubtful looks. "This is not the young mau that is to succeed us, then after all, " whispered they to ono another. In his own apartments, whore he proceeded to dross himself for dinner, th ero were many things to suggest a continuance of tho same theme. The sitting-room had been fitted up by his nnclo ns a "surprise" to him, on some occasion of his own absence, in a manner that hud beon judged suit- able to a young man's tasto. Tho furniture was of oak, carved in imitation of various incidents of the chase, and on tho walls, in frames similarly carvod were engravings of tho most famous pictures in connexion with that subject. His dressiug-tablo again, waa weighted with tho most splendid arti- cles of the toilet, in gold or diver ; gifts from that loving kinsman, whose affection ho was now about to try to tho uttermost, and, in all probability, beyond what it could boar. But though a sigh would, now. and then escape Jack on his own account, his chief regret waa still, as boforo, for him who had loaded him with so many tokon of hin love, and hi .whoso eyes tho return ho wno to make for them muet needs coom ucortlcea und ungrateful. , " If I am lacked out of this," mused tho captain -not in self couceit, but with the air of one who states a fact to bo regretted-" tho poor old fellow will lind himself very lonely, I am afraid." And tho» tho gong sounded for dinner. His unwonted pedestrian expedition to Hie vil laye, and tho excitement of hia interview with Mr. Ifulot, had ulrwidy brought hi:? lordship's leg to thu Foot-rost, which Jack did not l'ail to remark upon with, bucomiu'g .oolicitudo, and not only oji hit!* relative's account, but on bis own, for lie well know that the circumstance would not be in his favour in tho coming struggle. " Yes," repüed¡hisuncle,peevishly, "I'vebeen most infernally worried to day, and worry always Hies to my toe." Q'liis was tho fact, and his lordship was apt to insist upon it, as a reason why he should never bo thwarted, just as Mr. Hulet-equally autocratic, though on a smaller scale-objected to contradiction on the ground that " it made his heart go." Jack ds red not ask what had worried his noble relative, lost he should blurt out something before the ser- vants, but merely expressed his regret ; and the din- ner proceeded in total silence, except that his lord- ship " broke out" occasionally (wholly without occasion ) at the cook ; and that also was a bad sign. No sooner were they loft alone together, how- ever-the claret with Jack, and the whiskey, medi- cinally prescribed, beside his uncle-than tho lat- ter drew a letter from his waiscoat-pocket, and tossed it over to his campanion, with a " Hoad that, sir." Jack obeyed him, and then, with a quiet faco, 'returned it. "Well, what have yon to say to it, sir ?" "Nothing moro, uncle, than what is usually said of anonymous communications. It is a very blackguard trick, if such a phrase can bo used in thc case of a female, for I am afraid the handwrit- ing reveals thc sex." "Yes, lt's a woman, ol course," answered Iiis lordship. " ' A true friend to tho social proprie- ties ventures tojask Lord'Dirleton whether lie is aware that his nephew, Captain ileyton, is on the vcrgo of being untangled into a matrimonial engagement by tho niece of Mr. Angelo Ilulet-a Miss Carthew.' No mun could have written like that. Hut that is not tho point, sir, What 1 wish to inc|uircis,is it true ?" . " So far as tho being ' entangled in a matrimonial engagement' isconcerned, uncle," replied the young man, slowly, " it is a lie. . Otherwise tho statement is correct enough.' " I don't quite understand you, Jack," answered his lordship, brightening up. " I am not very straightlaced, as you know ; but I do hope that you havo not been so imprudent-in tho village here, close under my very nose-to form any con- nection that-" "My lord, I must beg you not to finish that sen- tence," interrupted Jack, with a sudden flush on 'on his face. " Miss Carthew is a lady born and bred; in all respects my equal-in most my super- ior. My denial referred only to the word ' entangled ;' she is utterly incapable of such conduct as that infamous letter .would attribute to her. " Very likely ; but you don't mean to tell me that you have engaged yourself to this girl ?" " >Vell, if you ask mo,{uncle, I must needs reply, yes." "You must, must you ?" roared the old man, making as though he would strike tho table with his fist, and remembering his gout only just in tiiue to avert the most dreadful consequences ; " theil, by the LordJIIarry" you need not trouble to call me ' uncle' any more." " Very good, my lord." Here the young man concluded the task of peel- ing some half-dozen walnuts, and placed them on his companion's plate, as he had been wont to do at dessert-time, in the walnut season, for many a year. In the spring ho peeled oranges for him in tho f onn of an hour-glass. " I don't want your walnuts," said his lordship, peevishly, yet evidently touched by the accus- tomed action nevertheless. " I want you to show a little common sense, and to remember your position." < " I do not forget it, my lord," returned Jack, modestly. " It has been a very comfortable one, thanks io vou, for many years." "Well, then, why «ot keep it, sir? Why quarrel with your broad and butter-nay, your bread, for you have almost nothing of your own -for tho sake of a pretty face. You know I can leave my money just as I please. I'vo got neither wife nor children "-perhaps the ghost of a smile nickered on his nephew's lip, or perhaps tho old lord only imagined it-but lie addod hastily, " that is, lo speak of. All that you inherit, independent of my favour, is a barren title ; and can there be anything more wretched than tho position of a pauper peer ? You will, of course, havo a lot of brates, and be unable to maintain them ; for what government will give its loaves and fishes in ru I am talking to ono who doubtless never troubles himself to look so far ahead. Let mo speak, then, of the present. Would you like to bo dopendent on the bounty of such a father- in-law as Mr. An- gelo Ilulet ? for that, as he informed me with his own lips, is the fate that is in store for you. Have you ever seen that mau, sir ? Heard him talk ? " " I have met him on one or two occasions, " re- plied Jack ; " he is not a man to my taste of course, but he is a gentleman ; and-" " A gentleman, begad ! " broku in the old lord ; "tho devil ho is! Thon 1 don't know what a gentleman means. Aro you aware, to begin with, that ho is descended-and boasts of it, sir, boasts of it-from that cut-throat villain, Hulet, who beheaded diaries tho First P He's got a picture of him in his parlour, to which ho pays as much adoration as any Papist to an altar-piece. Do you suppose I would evor give my permission lo cross the Iloyton stock with that of ti. Kogieido Y No, sir. upon my honour I never will ; so" there. And I tell you what. You shan't have the title neither ; and YU let the girl know this, cinco that'd what ahe'3 after, 1 suspect; Eor if you marry her, I'll marry too, begad I will, and beget hoir?, like my fathers before "mo ; so thorc.;' lu spite of tho evil turn affaira veer o taking, Jack could not ropi-cc* a orallo at thia charac- teristic menace. "Of cc/urao, my Lord," roplicd ho, quietly, "you will act an you think proper. Tho young Indy in question ia not, howovor, let mo remind you, a Ilulct ; but tho daughter of nn officer of distinguished merit.'' "Um! nh ! they're Always thal, *' Holiloquieorl Lord Dirloton ; " tho only child of a bani working clergymnn, who succumbed beneath hiß own paro- chial labours, or else ol' nu officer nf high r»nk, who perished upon thu blood- stained Mold. Who over kuuw a mosul liana) without them. Howovor," added ho, M she cornea of tho llttlet blood on ono side, and is quite enough forme. There are revol- utionary times, sir ; for I should not be surprised -what's bred in the bone, you know, iB sure to come out in the flesh-if some offspring of this pro- jected union should become headsman to the future Cromwell. Oh, Jack !" exclaimed the old lord, witli a sudden descent from historical prediction to the lowly level of natural affection, "why should you ho such a damned fool ? My word is passed, you know, upon this subject, and 1 can't draw back, even if I would-" " And my word,my lord.isalsogiven," interposed Jack, with dignity ; " so, with your leave, we will lot tho matter drop, lt is from no want of duti- fulness, inor of gratitude, believe me, that I am compelled to take a course which I feel must dis- sever my future from yours. You have been a father to mo ever since I lost my own-moro in-, diligent than most fathers, and as kind-" " And as loving," put in the old lord, in trembling tones-" as loving as any father, you ungrateful dog." " Indeed, I do believe it, sir," confessed Jack, playing nervously with his claret glass, "and I am not ungrateful. What 1 would persuade, if I could, is that in giving up all you have lo give to me, I shall feel the loss of your love the most of all." " Then, why give it up, JackP" pleaded the other; " or, if you will be so infernally obstinate, at least, there, need bo no hurry about "giving it up. You aro not going to marry this girl to-morrow, I sup- pose, nor yet the noxt day V" Jack, with a certain comical air of chagrin, admitted that such was the fact. " Vorywell, then," continued the old lord, "don't let us say another word abont it at present ; that is, after I have asked one favour of you, and you have grunted it." lt touched Jack, much tu hear Ina uncle, who had been so long accustomed to lay do wi th» law to everybody, tims appealing almost as a suppliant, and to him. " Indeed," said lie, " there is nothing, my lord, in which I will no.t oblige you, short ol'giving up what has become tho dearest object of my life." "Then promise mo not to see this young lady for the next twelve months," said Lord Dirleton, grimly. Jack had stepped into tho pitfall. It was au ungenerous advantage for his uncle to have taken, and that the old man felt it to be so was evident from the apologetic tone in which he went on tb speak. " This will be a good touchstouo of tho sincerity . of your affections, you soc, Jack ; if. you are really so bewitched as to bo past cure, absonco will only make you the more foolish-I mean, more fond whereas, if your attachment is but apasBing fancy, as I most sincerely trust it may prove to be, you will forget all about the girl during the interval. Gome, you can't be worse for waiting-though, h'm-ha-he shall bo no better ; for I'm fixed as the poles about the main point-and you did say you would accede to my request." "Nay, my lord," said Jack, who felt much aggrieved by this sharp practice, " I spoke with the tacit understanding that you would ask some- thing in reason. Now, if you made it six months-" "Pooh, pooh. Six months is nothing; I've loved a girl myself for as-long as that. Let us say nine. In a subject of this delicate nature, there's an appropriateness in nine. H'm-ha begad, if it ain't like a Dutch auction. Come, say nine." " It must be six months, my lord," said Jack, speaking -with, great gravity, j-et scarcely able to repress a smile, not at Ilia lordship's " aside," but at tho reflection that he was hoisting his advert sa'ry with his own petard ; for was not he already banished from tho beloved object for tho. time in question ? "We'll, well, let us say six, Jack ; h'm-in six months this young fool vail have come to his son- sos ; only mind this, t ho separation between you must bo completo. You must not even write to ono »mother ; I'll have no sending kisses in sealing wax." " That is a vory hard stipulation," pleaded Jack. Ho was by nature the reverso of hyprocritical ; and if his undo had not laid that trap for him, he would have at once confessed that Mr. Hulethad already made this very proviso.; but now ho had no scruples. " Come, come ; no meetings and no correspon- dence for six months, sir," insisted his lordship impatiently. " Promise rue that !" " Very good, my lord," said Jack, submissively " I will send but one note to Misa Carthew this morning to tell her how tho matter stands, and then will neither see nor write to her again for the next half-year." " Good lad, good lad," answered the old man approvingly ; " and look horo, Jack, you need not trouble yourself during that interval to call mo " my lord" any more. And um--ho-this folly of his will nevor hist so long^ ; threo months was tho extreme limit with me, though I did tell him six. Yes, and now I'll eat your walnuts." (TO BK CONTINUED.) A chilli about PIX years of age, daughter of Mr. MiiHrtjy, of St. leonards, hud livery narrow escapo from dentil on Siimluy afternoon. Sim MI from a bnloony l l feet high on lo a llowijr-lied liolow, and on lior bolng pleked up unconscious shu was thought to bo dead. This was happily not tho case. Dr. Ward, who was called lu, found the girl severely shaken, but no bonos wera broken. Many ro3identa of Tenterfield, sayo the Star, will no doubt hoar v/llh regret tho rad fato that lino befallen a quiet respectable nun who followed tlicftrade of stonemason, oed hud spent n good portion of his timo iii thc sorvlce of nomo cf our hu:lncrt roan. On Saturday afternoon tba unfortunate mau-who p:u: od by tho mino of Fraze, though Hie rup pneed that was aot lila rca ¡na mo-sv.it, bathing hi tho Thlrtceo Milo Creel;, como dlitaaca tb!.-, lido of Btanlhorpo, ha company withoao or two otheru. Hov.iiii ecen to disappoar ctaddeuly w-hiU.i. lu dcop water, and nlMiniiyh every means wno used to unvohhn, ho waa not i'ouud for £«1110. ten minute», when of (.oitvso ho was quito doid. Thoußli every acalstunco waa rcn dorod to restore bim to lifo, all wus tu vain. Tho deccasoa vms supposed I o hilve heen suddenly solzed .with crumps, nndn« is said, hynn i;vi'-'\vltucps,t«Iinvo«'gonu to the bottom Uko so much lead." 'rim iinfortiiiiiitoiiiiin wus barely able to sivlin. lils bodv was tuhuii lo Mr. Holierl Jjnird'iJ Thirteen Milo Hole!, when: ik-u'iisud lind buen employed, mid amnglstorlnl inquiry wnalvild tim following duv before Pru. Hegge nnd Crosby, Quccm.ln ml .Tusl ices ot thc l'once. On Monduv tho remains of tim. do-cased wm-conveyed to HlanMiorpc mid there buried, frn/.cr wah)) hinkle mun,mid ll Is inilmowii ut prewml whether lm hud nny iMl.iii.iiiNor mil. ll.«jhud been employedou differ ont OCCII.N|OHH by Messrs. Lockhart. Laird aud others, und is I tipukeuof no liuviug licouu. mun of quiet, inoffensive haWttf» und a t?ood workmuu. 