THE ROUND HEAD'S DAUGHTER. A ROMANCE of 1,600 YEARS AGO. TRANS LATE FROM THE CHINESE BY THE LATE REV. EDWIN EVANS, CONSULAR CHAP- LIN, AMOY. O.Crral TE III. .. ' Yuk Noo, when :shefirst' fell into the water, had given up all:hope, and resigned *herself to ,die, ,whenai he! suddenily per= ceived.something in.i the water, .aiidsup; iorting.: herself by. it,. floated, down with, .the current, and .being; carried nehr: the ,river's liank, she succeeded in scramblinig to thie shore, biuti;oni looking,..roetnd,.she couldseono>bipg on:the river, only a vast, expanse.f, wateriander .husband'sblloat! .was out., of,? sight,: :The thought. then strucek Yuk Noo ithat AlI Kel.having :be-. ,copq a great }'an,.he:was anxious to get rid of her, in order that: he might be able1 ito make a better match,.but now although" shie hd escaped 'drolvning,::there,wis.1no ,place near where she could obtain support and s~elter, .These ,sad thoughts caused ier to weep aloud,, and afterwards:being c.losely questioned by lHew Tih HowP, she gave a minite~account :of her whole-his tory. Hav ing finished her story.she .weplit ineessantl f ,, ' ::.: ,:.:r , hIew, ,Eih ~How andhlis wife feltthe sin st pity for ? eh? and could' not !theri iselvhes .hs! hedslingt4eria, but.they:iid t lier, ': Lo not weep so~ bitterlyit be :com forted I Voypshall,?e our adopted daugi 'r'and tibei you ,wvill again ,be ihappy," uink'bNoo bowed herself and thankedithem., Hew Tih H-low advised his wilfe to give Yuuk Neoo II dry?clothes and ieaký her change wha~t she hadl on,-and then*let her lie down in the back eabin to rest. Also ordered alL his attendants to call her "the y6ung Iadyi" pnnd told them to keep the aflairecret, and not reveal it p any one.. In'asery shgrt time they arrived .t Haq sae, and flewi Tih. Howentered upon hit office. ,.. - Now V'ooW?ei Keun. was, a place .in? cludeil uderfhis. authority, consequently, HIew' Ti'. tTw"was M\a Ke's immediate superior,bunt had hnever as yet, seen. or: associated with him.. 'However, after %he bhad made his acquaintance, HIew Tih How; ithofught to himself, ," what a pityit is that MOI"e, a nridi of sach superior abilities, ;shbould have been' guilty. of so wicked, an aictionia'i;he comniitted against his wife.' At the expiration of a few months Hew Tih Thiw iifoirmed his ,suboydinates in office,ithdtilie' had a daughter possessed of both talents and ;beauty, 'who: ias now marriageable, and: he w-ished to. select a clever young man for her husband, and to, become his: son-in-law; he .then -asked if either of, them knew of. a suitable person. :Theysreplied that; MI .Ke: had lately lost his wife,.andlredommended him as a very superior young man,.who was worthy the :honor of such an .alliance.. Hew 'Tih How, said - .s :.. - - -- - - - - - -, , " I:have ,long :.thought of that youth, but he is still young, and .has not yet pt tainutd. hih "hlItors, ; t.-pp.io r oD*. unfit to enter.my' family, .but,.hbe.added, "'since all you 'gentlemen- think it would, be a suitable match, you may mention the thing.to'MOi Ke, only:be -sure to tell him it is yourown 'suggestion, and then .you will be able.to discover his real feelings.", . Being thus commissioned,:th'ey.went to sound M1d ,Ke and offered to become medi-. ators., Now this young man's ruling pas sion was ambition, but to be connected.in marriage with the High Commissioner-was even beyond his own expectations, and he therefore. most joyfully consented. Hew Tih HIow was soon informed of the result of the negotiotion and he said ' Although M8 Ke has not -rejected the offer, still my-wife and myself greatly love this girl,: and ?have brought her up most, tenderly, therefore we cannot bear to part with .her.: 'Even, after .her marriage, we wish her to -remain with us, which perhaps Mo Ke may not agree, to, so this ought to be settled beforehand." : When MoB Ke was informed of the con-. dition, he unhesitatingly agreed to it. At A thistime he;wasa :avery different person from when he wis only a poor Bachelor.of Arts; H-e now' was able to send ;golden flowers and embroidered silks for his mar riage presents, and selected a.lucky day, for his wedding. Hew Tih How then in structedhis .wife. to speak thus -to -Yuk " My old husband, pitying your solitary condition, wishes to unite you.to a- yoiig literary graduate. - I hope. you will: not oppose this.".-- , Y?uk Noo answered, "Although I am. descended from a poor family, still I am slightly. acquainted with propriety; and since 1 have been married to MO Ke, the marriage can only cease, with life. Al though he disliked me on account of my low origin,.and treated me cruelly, how could I, ever re-marry and so violate a wife's fidelity ?" Hlaving thus spoken, she wept bitterly. The old lady finding that she.was sincere in. what she said, then revealed the truth to her, and.sid?d ".The,young man that my husband has chosen is no other than Mo Ke himself, Pitying you both, he wishes you to be.re united, but has made MO Ke believe that you are a daughter of- his own; and his -raers were directed to, settle the matter with IM-iCe upon the condition that you were both to reside: in our house afteryour marriage, to which he has ,willingly con sented. This evening is fixed for the bridegroom to enter our family, and when be comes into the room you must do as I shall instruct you." . Yuk Noo, then dried -up her tears, and having rouged her face and dressed her self in new clothes, was busy till evening in making every necessary arrangement for, her marriage., . . " ' SMO Ke, wearing his cap of office, with a golden flower stuck! in it, and attired in crimson colored satin robes, mounted afine horse that was covered with.elegant.trap pings, and, with. two bands of music pre ceding, and all. his fellowl officers accom- panyinghim, he .proceeded,along the road. 7Who would not say it was a pretty.sight I Haying iirriyed at. the hliduse, MO Kedis moun'ted 'and Hew Tih HIio eW ciae forth to receive and welcome him. C-i-u.aia Iv. ' i The,narriage ceremonies vere satn con eluded, after .which, the bridegroom ?prol ceeded to his liride's chamber., Just as hlie was entering ; the ;apartiicit, evideitly quite exalted with'gratifiedpride, and car tying hils head very?liigh,; suddenly, from' each side, of the .doorway, .there. rushed upon him,sdven or eight old'.female slaves, each of them .grasping a .banboo cane,: with which they be an to thrash him well, and the. blows fel .;ispon. his back ,and shoulders like rai. ..........i 'M .cKe called oiit loiudly io his fatheir hlid mother-in-law' for, assistance, arid jutist then lhe heard a delicat'e 'vice firo?i ri inier 'rooim, tellinig them to'leave off beat ng, and not to hinrt hini any'so're, also to bringhim in,, that he inight ie seen. They iiiniedliately ohy.ued, and the old wiomen dragged and pushed him 'along into the presence of the 'bride. .,M6ce Ke,kept .ekx cliinimigall the time, .'What crime ,hhvie Icobniihitted ??' Whenriaisin his :eyes, the brilliant iights id the'rdom clearly,revyealed that, i:: the spers~o of, the . stately,, bide seated ?eore.hi , hi d sawh his .own grife ittigi.ghtbe nearly fainted, and cried ot iti a ghost I!", All the atfehnlints cariig it', buirst iptol a':lauh, but Hew Ti .li o nat.that momeiiint enteired the ewiib1Iow rpied, '} must leave yu t l set ta etween 9cnfurseessye aii idmy Uki~ toe will forgvtr, y ou,? f couseI p#hall, say nodfling akoub :tthe a him said, _'ttYou vile mean, tbing Do ?, t ino remember the b ords ;f lang • lng T?,le woman you have mnarrdl in poerty . should. not he forgotten in qfluence, and the wivfe 'ho lisi etiwithitl yo f coarse rice, must not bd set aside.' mprm~ryutn •pty- lnded, hi'as a son-i$i law, c c my afail and shared, my faters wanlt whinch eabi ed youi, to yourpresenlt dignity1 and~which lo-Jokedd iforward toyomy shang w4 i How as it il a fdorgota t ca ribfs ifgrat Itulti' *ooW pity upon.ueh and "thiiis iud ceiey :h'av' fouiiln a wicr · gravbc. u: .at. ust be destitute of all mercy, and 'with- wh 'feelings can yo6u: ow' re. gard me, no e'have'thu inexpectedly. met l' Yuk :oo:then wept. and ceased not abusing l-in - .MO Ke i completely overwhelmed with. shame bil. confusion, and could not utter-a wordlin reply, but only bowed himself hefordher. flew TihHow, think inpghe had be sufficiently punished,!then rsised him m the ground, and said to Yuk Noo- . i '"My dau ter, be no longer angr I M1-X Ke now pents of his crime, and be sides, he will ot again dare to treat you evenawith di espect. .Although you were forierly hu and and. wife; yet nowi in -my house, ye are bride: and bridegroom, arid have ahl ys myself to whom you cain look and apn , .so let this unfortrinate aftiir:be. for tten` from this time."! He :turned to M Ke and said Si:.My goo son-in.law,.you must now exercise a lit e patience, and.I will g, and call your mo er-in-law, to assist in recon ciling you." He then left the room. I .4,ery~:soon the old lady arrived, and, after. a great deal of advice .and persua sion, succeed in settling mattcrs amicably. 'fhernext ' y Hew Tih Hlow prepare'da feast in iono of his son-in-law, and;tak oin the old n 'flowers, and: embroidered silks; which I fOKe had sent to his bride, returned :thqm to: him saying: "It is not pro0 l or . - o to roesive twn -set' s f wedding presents.. When you first: mar ried and enteredithe Kim family, you pre sented suitable:gifts to your bride, there fore it, istunnecessary for iyou to;ado? so again.::The regret: which you felt:becaise your father-in-law held no ,good station in society, causcd .a breach of affectiocr 'on your part, I have now appointed -him to an office which confers some little:rank, though perhaas not so high as you could wish:' L ?IO Ke hearing this could not restraini his blushes. 'lie rose from his seat and expressed his thanks. From'this time Md ICe and:Yuk Noo lived together very happily, even more'so than.when they were first married. .!Hew Tih How and his w-ife treated them both as though they had been their own chil .dren; and they, in return, regarded the old people with the same affection as if.they had;beei their own parents. 'The old Round Head, Kim LaonlTaI continued in the happy. enjoyment of his honourable office till his death. ." , .When 11M6 Ke was a. little more thai' ilfty years 'ofage he died, leaving Yuk Noo a' widow. Some. days before ihis deith'liheidiimt that a heavenly inessen ger appeardll to him, who :-addressed him thus=-- .' . .; '. . "Your life was not originally appointed to end,'ssoon; butbecause you formerly, without-, any 'cause :o, prprovocation, at ,tenp'ted to kill your-wife, the anger oflthe gods was roused; and they shortened your days.by'twelve years, and deprived you of three higher steps in rank. The preserva tion of your wife, and her subsequent re union to yourself, was owing to the merci ful protection of the gods, who have lighly punished your crime." [d Ice upon awaking was greatly trou bled, and related to his family what had been tqld him by this divine visitor. He very soon fell sick, and died. The descendants of M li Ke and Hew Tih How, ever after remained united as one faniily. 