BEAPPEABANCE OF THE GBE AT SEA . SEBPENT. ME F. FRAJTCIS, of Twickenham, the wellknown natuaalist, aends to the Times an iextract from a letter from the jBev. J. s. Joass, of Golspie. The . extract is as follows':— " Our latest.thing in natural history has been the sea serpent—-an unfortunate name, by the way, aB I think the creature when found will turn out to be/a sauriqp allied to f lesiosaurus. About the middle of Septem- ; er last' two ladies frotc .Dunrobin were, driving from LocUbeg, and looking seaward, one said to the other, '"Surely that is she sea' serpent.' 'Yes, no doubt,' was the reply, ' or else sea ware.' Next morning at 7, Dr Souter when dressing saw a creatnre, apparently 40 or 60 feet long, rushing about near* the shore and raising a neck of about 4 feet above the water. He said on meeting his family at breakfast, "If I believe in sea serpents, I should' say/I have seen one this morning,'* and you know he is not V credulous tumof mind. Next day at noon. on a calm sea,'I saw through a glass about half-a'- mile oufc, a floating object, which was certainly part of some sort of beast dead or basking. . It drifted along with the tide, and suddenly disappeared near thfe curing shed. At no time did it raise itself higher than when first seen. Color brown and light yellow; apparent'size of portion seen, about eight or ton feet_ It was watched for half an hour, and two sketches of it were made. The oestraciah of the Australian seas feeds with teeth of oolitic type on terebraitula and tregoniciej also oolitic molluscs. Why may not a saurian of some age, or some nearly allied form, still exist in the unexplored ocean?—J Following this story about the appearance of the Kraken off the coast of Sutherland, <we have an account of the creature's appearance in Belhaven Bay, at the mouth of the Frith of Forth. The Edinburgh Saots- Mare,'writing in a jocular mood of Mr Joass's story, predicted that the Kraken would soon be seen at the mouth of the Frith, and sure enough there he was, according to the local correspondent of the Edinburgh journal. " At half-past one o'clock thiB afternoon," says the correspondent," it was announced in breathless haste to the writer that a long and large black animal was tuml """" " '""5 auimai wua vuuir bhng about in Belhaven Bay, to the intensd. excitement and surprise of about a hundred and twenty individuals who had collected together and were witnessing its gambols. On hurrying to a proper coign of vantage witha good binocularto get a sight of the object, there was no doubt whatever of the truth of the statement. Near tbe middle of Belhaven Bay, and about a' quarter of a mile from the place where we were standing there certainly appeared ' a long and large black animal ' in the water, having all the appearance of the Saurian described by Mr Joass. When first observed it was proceeding shore wards, with what seemed to be its head and various undulated portions of the body above the surface. After getting near the«hore it turned to the westwards, and kept moving about in that position for a considerable time. Sometimes, it appeared to stretch itself out to its full length, at which time both its head and tail were seen above water, only a snail portion of the middle of the creature bein^' submerged. Most frequently, however, it was the undulations or apparent coils of the body" that were observec, two or three of them being occa-r sionally visible at the same time. These coils had all the appearance to the observers at the distance mentioned above of the coils or folds of a serpent, the sea and the black masses being distinctly separated. Occasionally the creature seemed to take a' header, and disappeared altogther, but it seldom remained longer than two or three minutes beneath the surface without exposing some part or other of its body. When fully stretched out, as it appeared to be several times during the period of observation, it seemed to.be upwards of a hundred feet in^length, with an apparent breadth of from two to three feet. No doubt the dimensions must have been very much larger. As it was in sight for upwards of a quarter of an hour, ample opportunity was afforded for watching its movements. The sea also was as smooth as the surface of a mirror, which contributed very much to assist the observations made by the onlookers. After disporting near the shore for the time specified, the long and lithe creature turned his head to the. north and stood out to sea. Altogether, if the animal waB not the great Plesiosaurus seen by Mr Joass, he was evidently a near relative of the same family, and his visit to Belhaven Bay has furnished' food for reflection to those who witnessed his gambols for many a day. LIGHTNING recently struck a telegraph pole and ran along the wire into the office' at Coatsville, when the operator, seated at the instrument, excitedly telegraphed back,"Don't send so fast!" A GOOD EXCUSE.—If ever there was a good excuse for, not getting a paper cut in time; it is that offered by tbe Panama Star and, Herald. The Editor says that the Goverment troops were keeping up a continuous fireon<the door of his sitting-room, and half-a-dpzen shots did not vary three feet in striking. "To this annoyance," he says, " we must attribute our delay in getting out-this edition, for it is difficult to persuade men to work under a steady and dangerous fire." The following tender missive was picked up in the ladies' sitting room of an American railroad depot -.—" Dear Charles, do you love me as much as you did at aquarterto twelve laBt night P Say you do, dearest/and it will give me spirit to go down and tackle those cold beans left over from yesterday." The Fonda Democrat is responsible for the above. Probably by. this time the editor is prepared to give Charles's answer, which must undoubtedly run somewhat in this wise:— " Dear Susan, I do., Tackle them beans." THE JOUENAIIIEI.—Horace Greeley thus hits the nail ontne head ;—"It is strange how closely men read the paper. We never say anything that anybody don't like but we are sure to' soon hear of it. If, _ however, once in a while, we happen to say a good thing, we never hear of that. We pay a man a hundred compliments, and give him a dozen puffs, make speeches for him and out of nonsenical harangues made on public platforms make him appear like something brilliant, and he takeB it all in as a tribute of his greatness,, and he never thinks it does him any good. But if we happen to say things' this man don't like, or anything he imagines'is a. reflection on his character, BEE how quick he gets mad and flares up about it.' All our misdeeds are duly chalked against us; but we never apparently get credit for what good we do." SIHGULAB HALLUCINATION.—A case of lunacy in which the loss of reason waB said to have been caused by spiritism was brought before the WilliamBtpwn police court on Tuesday. The victim, ^according to the Argus, was' a. middle-aged man named Loury, who hailed, from Marong with the Inteqtion of proceeding home by the.Lincolnshire, in which ship he .bad BO' cured i passage. ' The woman at * boarding house he was feta'ying deposed that she first noticed him' eccentric on. Sunday last, when he was holding' an axe over the cat, while he muttered some gibberish to it 111 the eyening he remarked that he was mext inuhonoiir to the Holy Ghost; and de scendea through Captain Cook.' He knew his landlady 1000 , years ago and. rescued her from the bottomless pit 300 years Bince^ and wfculd put her back again for another 300 years, if she idid not behave herself. AB ehe became afraid of him,'she laid an in formation against him as a; .lunatic. It took four policemen to convey him to the watchhouse, and his demeanour in the dock was Tery violent. .The necessary medical certificates having been handed in,' Loury Was committed to the Asylum, loudly protesting^ that he was not a lunatic, and if that charge was entered against him* he would make the magistrates a lunatic "before a month ASTOTHEE BAICWAT AXOHAHT.—Formely when our mails wiere carried by ths doaches, places a few miles from Goulburn received letters from this town immediately on the opening of the post-office at nine iu the morning. Now however we have a case where they are not received until four the following afternoon. Carrick is twelve miles from-Gdulbigrri; and consequent upon the recent injudicious alteration's in* the railway time-table the postmistress has naturally TeTusea refused lor for ner her sman small Baiary to De be Kept kept atiy up all night, and it has therefore been arraueed that in future the mail for Carrick is to go by the day-train and that no bags rauged shall be made np in Goulburn, but the letters sent to Morowolten. 3o that a letter posted at the usual time for the banks and public offices to close—four pm.—now goes that night to Morowollen, eight miles beyond Carrick, and is thence returned the following day, reaching its destination about four p.m , being twenty-four hours in going a distance of twelve miles by rail". Truly we have admirable [' railway and post-office arrange- ments in New South Wales.— A READY ANSWEB.—During theheariug of tli o cattle stealing case at . the Police Court on Thursday an episode occurred in examination of a witness reminding us of the anecdote of the way in which the miller was sold when chaffiug a simpleton of a lad who was reputed to be-a shingle-Bhort, but who proved himself too keen witted for the worthy miller. The lad being interrogated as to what he knew, replied that he knew miller's pigs were fat, and then being further asked to perform the difficult task of telliug what he did'nt know, he archly added, he didn't know whose corn fattened them. So this witness ayoirth of the average intelligence apparently of the general run of those lads in the bush whose capacity of thought is confined to sheep and cattle, having been interrogated pretty sharply by Mr. Scarvell as to the prisoner's place of abode and certain brands and marks upon a cow and calf, concerning which and sundry other matters he kept replying " I don't know," and evidently desired to .give as little information as possible. The learned gentlemen then asked him where prisoner lived a a short , time back when he was in the habit of seeing him every day, to which the stereotyped answer was given " I don't know."' "Well," continued Mr. Scarvell, losing all patience with his provoking reticence," what do you know ?" Casting his eyes upon the prisoner, and a broad grin lighting up his hitherto stolid countenance, witness replied," I know where he is now."— A BABYSTOBY.—The Court Journal narrates the following:—A lady took her youngest to a doctor's for vaceination, and sat down in the ante-room. Presently there entered another lady with a bady, and a friendly conversation ensued. At length the new comer asked the first to hold her baby for a moment while she went into the air, as the idea of having her baby vaccinated made her feel faint. The lady took the stranger's baby. But the stranger returned not, and at length the lady was reminded that she must go. In vain she protested that Bhe had & baby too many. She was told that she could not stay there, and was obliged at length to take her second little charge with her.Itnov? became necessary to think of how best to dispose of . the unwelcome littie stranger. The workhouse was tried, but the authorities refused to takei it in .until inquiries could be made. At length change and a gifted legal student relieved the good people of their trouble. The child was sent out in the care of a servant, who, walking in the vicinity of the Middle Temple gardens; waB accosted by two law students; Would Bhe let them hold the baby?—they jokjngly asked. The 1 servant girl coyly refused. 'But they Wuuld bold the baby, and at last she consented. " Keep it," laughingly shouted the girl, as with a qityck run Bhe Tushed round a corner, and was lost to the view of thg astonished Btudent,' while she ran off with the joyfu) intelligence that she had got rid of the " extra baby." What the student has done with his charge is not stated ; but the facts of the case "appear to he well kno wn to all the. barristers of tbe Inn. They say he never before could matriculate. AMES M. JOASS." ; • Goulburn Herald. Braidwood Dispatch. 