GHOSTLY MUSIC. Something hotter than Spiritism. The Bendigo Advertiser is responsible for tho following : — Tho following story was related to ns yes terday as haviog actually occurred in tho district during tho week. Our informant says that ho can rely on the person from whom ho reoeirod tho information, but our readers can believe tho story, or otherwise, as they choose ; we simply givo it as related. A gentleman. well known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom we will oall Lamb, ) at whoso establishment many an article has been "popped" by needy persons, recontiy sold a piano that he had received as a pledge to an equally woll known speculator, wbom we will call Smith, It so hnppenod that within a week after tho piano ' had been disposed of, Lamb departed thia life rather suddenly; and was dnly buried. Smith had had the piano removed to his parlor, and, ns a matter of course, had by this timo had ample opportunities of judging es to the capabiliaies of the instrument Ono night recently ho had retired to bed, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, at about two o'clock in tho morning, ho was suddenly awakened by load and continued playiog on hi3 piano, which he had previously locked securely. Not relishing the idao of his ser vant being up at that hour, he indignantly rushed downstairs for the purpose of rsprl manding tho snppcsed individual, when to his groat terror and nmozcmc-nt ho observed, SB he sayB, tho ghost of hia departed "uncle" walk directly and firmly from the piano right through tho front doo-. Being horribly frightened, ho lost no time in retracing his steps upstairs, and hiding himself ia tho blankets. His bettor half was not awakened by the firet performance on the piano, which consisted of a selection from Handel's Mes siah, bnt Smith had not long been in bed ' before the strains wero resumed, tho selec tion this time being from Mozart's Gloria — the Twelfth MasB — in whioh thero are several deep and striking notes. Smith heard all this, and after mentally abusing tho piano, he resolutely took refuge in the arms of Morpheas. His wifo was awakened by the. music, and immediately screamed out, and endeavored to. arouse her hns'oand, bnt sneh seemed to be an impoesibility, and Bho herself resolved to go downstairs and ascertain the cause of this unusual musical entertainment. On reaching the room her bewilderment waB greater thsn that of Smith, she having observed the samo iden tical man, and under precisely the name circumstances. In a frautic state of excite ment she milled upstairs, and succeeded iu arousing Smith, and informed him of what she bad seen. Smith says that ho remem bered nothing after this beyond the : faot that bis wifo followed his example by "turning in," he having been put into snob a frenzy by the manner in which his wifo had related the circumstances to him. Next morning he determined to get rid of the awfnl instrument. Ho suocoedod in doing so, bnt whether the samo performance has boon repeated at tho honse of' the individual to whom he sold it or not, ho is not in a posi tion to Bay. 