THE TERRIBLE TffOFACESSECBET. /BY ABM AD GBEii-; . I I. lnttlT moonlight night in tHe September on" which he ar- ®®f t remember it well ; all the house- flfisd retired to rest, and I was just „ tie shutters in my room when tl , „„n Lefore the door. I was WU ' overness in Mr. Wyld's family, Sofin a pre"? northern village, H '!« lived in a terrace house, with BM rising on either side. It was door neighbour's, No. 16, Wm 'V the vehicle in question stopped. RSI f hsd fcnown for some time previously WU e Tacant house here was about to mm ""Lgn occupant, and some curiosity £, becn excited respecting the nerv al met especially in the minds of Lu- mm -jj 'and Emily, the two young ladies 19 ?onr establishment. We could only BM e however, that Mr. Marston was a Bfl ?' gentleman in rather delicate MB X, ffho had chosen the seclusion of 91 jrighbourhood for the recruiting of gpM ' length in preference to the more BH ionsble locality of S , an adja- KB t catering-place. He had sent a HI ®ljervant on before to take possession BH , g,; house and arrange matters for his 19 gjeption, and it was through this me- k| at we gathered the above intelli- 619 EM gjffy throwing up the sash of my KB r0c, 1 leant out now, and looked |9 otioasly towards the carriage. A feeble nil gd man, with white hair, tottered out of mm -if vehicle at the moment, and was HE eisiei by his servant up the stops of Sfifl jo, "So, young ladies, this is the Ell jeofail your romantic expectations," El j Bunnnred to myself ; " this will be EH jtier a disappointment to your hopes ; Ha hh I won't undeceive you." Acting EBB mim this resolve. I merely intimated at lH jjakbst the following day that I con- our neighbour most have arrived, M-g I had. heard a cab stopping before the ml jsr late on the preceding evening. EmM jjhly instantly jnmped up with an im- 9 warns exclamation — " Why didn't you mm sjv ss before, Fraulein ! There, I've jgjl jcstrammhig the whole morning on mm v old piano next his wall at those SM Jaid exercises ! He'll be certain to |M iJjt ns at once as the most hateful m Qsoces.'' "Don't be ally, Emily," H jtsposed Lncinda, "you can't stop IE practising entirely out of considera- 9 £s to your neighbour, and he may as nil bow the worst he has to expect at 9 m-' Miss Lncinda was several years rider than her sister. She had never RH ague under my supervision, and her dis- jjH pridon was one which perplexed me jBM fimhat She was exceedingly taciturn irirserved, aud from a hint which had 9 to ht drop, I inferred that some early SH jsrjointment had clouded her life,' and 3S bi'rinsed a gravity, mingled with a M text bitterness, into her nature. Milly, IB <n generally called her, was the very 9 cpptote of this temperament FYank, j9 fcfcl-esned, and vivacious, she availed few bslf of a recent emancipation from 9 rental culture to allow her flow of 19 cintal spirits unchecked license. That 1 Baling I had just settled to a music- fm koo with one of the younger children, |B <kn I <vas roused by a call from Milly 9 hph, who had stationed herself at the 91 ri»!-raom window. " Oh, Fraulein, jjm irkothere ! The door of No. 16 has | tpsei— some one is coming down the BM res" 1 stole quietly behind her, eager BE t watch her change of expression. M Jaseph Wright, Mr. Marston's servant, H W; standing in front, brnshing up some M ridiered leaves which had fallen from H the chesuut trees which overshadowed M tie portico. I was surprised that he did H e! eirt forward to offer his assistance, M to dill more at the rather quick foot- M ak which sounded on the stone steps, M Mily pre a little bound of delight It M was 1 who uttered the astonished ex- jm damation — " That's not Mr. Marston 1 M Ho can he be ? It was an entirely M risent person arrived last night, and M fen too. Where did this gentleman M ®P from?" He was quite a young M mt, handsome, with well-defined fea- |H tares, and a dark moustache and rliiers. Something, however, seemed 9 b identify him with the Mr. Marston 9 se heard Epoken o£ His face Re deadly pale, and he looked wan and oadated to an almost painful degree, jfl Oh, what an interesting creature ! Isn't 9 b handsome, Fraulein ? but so delicate. 1 wonder wLat can Lave happened to 9 2a. I was mute from a kind of be- feeling. u Didn't that manj right, say that Mr. Marston comiDg alone V I murmured. "Well, has clouded your vision f Pray, yoii6ee double this morning? Surely I kptor fellow is as solitary as yon can I 3T1" " ®ut tiat's not r- Marston I DOt tie l>ersou w last \- 1 continued in the confused 5 u he was quite an old man, with i I couldn't be miafalrfln, The I was shining brightly upon him at I ume he alighted." " Aye, and sil- I - A' rather prematniely," ex- I ' , y> tth a burst of merriment; rte, ,oae- Fraulein 1 Yonr German I j Pys you sad pranks." " It has I if0 ,fncl1 tbinfi. Miss Milly," I re- I am 35 clear- righted and as „ hhicd as any f you. I saw him I and the moon couldn't I wAi" a tottering step, a I yr and a bowed figure." "No, I , 'fflagination might ; and as it I an unearthly hour that he I ii Don tbe ncene, who knows how I Wr inr cu'ties may have been then! I ar!u wakefulness against niht I Blent f®?688 any day for -me," I was B trTa- 616 was 1,0 "se in entering I » ion th ao little prospect of B ! j to convince- The present ob- B iffliL evidence of her own senses Id! assertion, and was Bcarcely I a; rif mo.ved by it I determined I t!.me ,0 P- obe the mystery B sit- ana w'tb tb>s view I took I i 2 means for so doing which I tb "ce circumstance afforded me. I had I Vif vCbat!ged a few words with I Marston's servant, when he I <itilv„ the garden, which was I I"11 ->y a low hedge from ours. I after.!""8, fh'3 direction the same I other .-j1' feund the man busy on the I 19 h hedge. " So your mas-: I 1 bBsm' "l I ' "W ,'Jued hyhis journey." I sole i, ' anl' he s pretty tolor-' I Wii; E 1 6611 oat aM thr- morning I Uw!?® about the place." "Ithpugll: I 8n t ,an invaIid i" I interpemed. I he'll „ f h 'Jut he's better now ; I efui !v,6tr0ng. hrvon as8"1. I hope." «iat he siflnld not suspect too p| sounding W" I rftde nome remarks at Hd'ht ha deuing operatibns.'&c.; By-and-by I ventured to add--« I somehow that your master was te old man, Joseph, but the ladies caught S glimpse of him going out to-day, and he seemed tolerably youthful in Jus appear- ! why, he's quite "kinri f8 aing bottt of elckneBs —a land of brain fever— which has pul led him jdown teirible; but he has no feebleness of years about him : Ul-health is all thats ailbg him." "And has he no friend here— no one to take care of torn or keep him company 1" "Hone at present ; but to pluck up strength is all he wants now ; he came here on pur pose for the quiet." Mystified stilL I was determined to arrive at a clearer un derstanding of things. « But Joseph," I pursued, "I was sitting up late last nhtj and I chanced to obtain a glimpse of the gentleman when he arrived. Surely, unless I am greatly deceived, he was an elderly person— an old man, in deed, with every mark of age about him." A rapid change, indicative of alarm, passed over Joseph's countenance. He started, and looked keenly at me. " You must (have made some mistake, ma'am," he muttered ; " you could not have seen distinctly ; no one came but my master ; and he was delayed on the road, and did not reach this till past one o'clock') it was dark thea" "Ay, but there was moonlight," I interposed. Joseph had gained his composure now. He smiled as he met my eager look of inquiry. " Perhaps, ma'am, you mistook his travelling cap for gray hairs ; he wears a light-coloured one, and he had it pulled down over his ears, as the night was chilly ; I can't account for the ap pearance in no way else." Unsatisfactory as was tbia explanation, I was obliged to appear, content with it My interrogations could not be poshed farther without betraying an intrusive curiosity, and my inquiries were consequently arrested for the pre sent Instead of dissipating my per plexity, however, this attempt at arriving at a comprehension of the enigma left me more than ever confused. I knew not what to bint- It was impossible, I reflected, that it was a disguise Mr.' Martson was employing, for" the aged appearance was evidently the natural one ; and however yonng a person might. assume the girb of an old one, the reverse of this transformation was scarcely practicable. A week flew by, and I was no more enlightened on the Bnbject of my mystification. The stranger was seen often in the village; remarks were duly passed on him by the various members of. our household ; and on every occasion he appeared under the same aspect — -young, handsome, fascinating, but ashy pale. Still my first impression remained undispelled. A feeling of awe, almost of terror, came over me at timea when I tried to re- - concile the strange contradiction. - . I never mentioned it again to any of the party ; I should only have been laughed at for my superstitious folly had I done so ; but I resolved, come what might, to continue my observations in secret. An opportunity was soon afforded me for this. Mr. Wylde had called on our neighbour; aud having foiled to find him within, he wrote to ask him to dine -with him on the following day. This invitation, contrary to our expectation, was accepted with cordiality ; for, judg ing from his previous habits, we had scarcely hoped to entice the recluse from his retirement There was great excite ment in the household consequent ou this event, and various preparations were carried on in a suppressed, stealthy manner, Milly keeping full in her view the close proximity of the expected guest Exactly as the dock struck six that evening, we heard the dap of one hall-door, and the next instant there was a quick, double rap at ours. The ser vant announced, "Mr. Marston," arid, his host rose to receive him. The same expressive face, the same pallid hue as had attracted our more remote glances met our gaze now. I could not but watch the gentleman furtively ; and I was struck ever and again by a strange, rapid gleam in his deeply-Bet eyes, and a peculiar thrilling tone in his voice. That evening; when Mr. Marston had taken his departure and I had retired to my room, a tap at the door announced the arrival of the Misses Wylde for a friendly a11t Lncinda, as usual, said little ; but as die seated herself in a crireless attitude on the aide of my couch, and commenced unplaiting the long braids of her hair; her eyes were raised, ever and again, through its veil with a quick, furtive glance of scrutiny towards me, as "Milly probed me on my opinion and impressions respecting their late guest The former yonng lady had some reason truly to feel a conscious interest hi the subject ; Mr. Marston had paid her marked attention all that even- jug. . I had settled in my own mind that Milly would have been the fevoorite; hut, whether through politeness or some more spontaneous motive, the gentle- mari'6 conversation was devoted to the rider sister. At iength I arose, and haying completed my preparations for retiring to rest, I extinguished the lamp and approached — the fast thing; as usual —to riose Jthe windows and shut out those .pale -lights ' from without. The moon was rather on the wane now, bat the sky was— vary, clear and thickly studded with sfcars, andT coidd -Unaovisfc distinctly the prospect of the terrace, with -its plantation in front; and the tints of lima; copper-beeches, and the feathery lareh mingling in varied shades of foliage. ' Suddenly a sound hroke the stillnOBs ; it Was the click of a latch. Our house was so closely connected with that of No. 16, -that -the back-doors were within a few foet of one another, the1 wall pf separation' alone intervening. Thatof thelatter dwelling wascantioudy opened now, and Someone came into the atariight One glance, and letifled a nnron my lips. It was the e«ne old man, decrepid, haggard, with ins white locks flattering in the night breezy «s he took off » land of skuii-cap and held it tremblingly in his hand A stertong resemblance inrtantty suggested iteeff feV mens I scanned ftiie upturned cqunte- cance, idiich "was raispd in an fi&niesfc;, BteEdtetgazeto ''J. Older, thinner; j more wtened, the .race. Was the expression, of the . one I hsd la'riy the same;Jiqfetiiflin:,< able glancfi— and the spot by a teniblt fwAnetom. J not stir, rior utter a sound, while my I eyes were fixed, with the rigidness of a ! somnambulist; on the apparition before t .ma At length he moved on a few paces, and seemed to be proceeding to ' the upper end of the garden. At this instant there was a second movement in the adjoiniug house, and with an ejacula tion of terror, Joseph rushed out on the back steps. He darted after his master, his hands extended in an imploring gesture. "Oh, Mr. Marston, what are you about 1 " he cried ; " think what you're doing, sir ! Gome in, for God's eke !— some one may see you ! " And clutching him by the arm, he drew him hurriedly iuto the house. I never closed my .eyes that night. Wild phantasms hovered around my pillow, and a nameless dread took posses sion of me. That this mysterious being should have been received into the family, and was likely to establish him self on terms of intimacy there, appeared to me a terrifying thing. And yet I could interfere in no way to avert the progress of events. I foresaw only ridicule and mocking disbelief if I at tempted to hint at what had occurred. The Wylde's, with their blunt English manners, were already only too readily disposed to seize upon the slightest in dication of a dreamy temperament in me as the symptom of some German ex travagance ; and were I to make such a strange and improbable statement as my recent observation justified, their in credulity would doubtless be mingled with some doubts as to my sanity. I could only wait, then, and watch secretly for some more tangible proof of what I dreaded. Having come to this conclu sion, I saw, without daring to offer any opposition to it, an intimacy gradually spring up between the Wvldes and their neighbour. Almost every day the latter took advantage of some circumstance or other for making his appearance at our house, though, strange to say, when the call was returned, no one ever obtained admission within his precincts. If Mr "Wylde called, or one of the servants was commissioned -with a message -for deli very, they never gained -entrance farther than the halL Mr. Maistori was either ont or particularly engaged .; or, if there was reason to fear that these excuses might appear rude from their repetition, Joseph was/ instructed to say that his master regretted exceedingly being, un able to appear, but he had ju6t been seized with one of his violent headaches, and had been 'obliged to retire to his room. No suspicion attached to these denials in the eyes, of any other than my self. The reat of the party interpreted evety proceeding of their neighbour in tire most advantageous light. He had evidently become a decided favourite in the household. Lncinda, above all, viewed him with an ever -increasing in terest; which she vainly tried to screen beneath an affectation of indifference. It would have been difficult, doubtless; to have repressed the former feeling at its source. His manner had never changed in its partiality for her, and there was unques tionably a subtle fascination about him well calculated to win on an unguarded heart There was a party given abont this time on a rather extensive scale at the Wyldes', to which Mr. Marston, of course, was invited, and the evening's amuse ments were wound up with a dance. Milly, in her pale blae dress, with white flowers in her hair, and her cheeks flash ing from excitement; looked so uncom monly pretty that I did not wonder that Mr. Marston endeavoured to secure her hand for several of the quadrilles, which were the only dances in which he took a part. A brilliant waltz was played towards the end of the night, and the gentlemen were hurrying to and fro in search of their partners, when some one discovered that Miss Milly Wylde was absent. Obeying a request of Lucinda to see what had become of her, I glanced into the supper-room, and from thence wandered into a passage leading into the grounds without, when a murmur that Mr. Marston was misting also quickened my steps with a sudden trepidation. Jnst then the glasB-door opening from the corridor on the garden was unclosed, and two figures stepped within. With a stifled cry I recognised Mr. Marston and Milly. The latter had thrown a cloak over her light dress, but as it fell from her shoulders I saw that her figure was trembling beneath, and her face, lately so dyed with blushes, had grown white as a ghost's. " Oh, Miss Wylde; where have you beenl" I ex claimed ; and X seized her hands in mine witha sudden impnlseofprotection."Only in the garden, yon foolish fraulein, re freshing myself with a peep at the oool flowers. Mis. Button and Captain Jama showed us the example," and witha forced laugh rite flitted away from my scrutiny. Her form was soon lost amidst a melee of gauzy drapery in the drawing-room. Mr. Marston had followed her, and Isaw ftim no more that evening. I was kept stationary at a whist-table in the library, and when the ppty broke nphe had already taken Mb depmtpre, I had crept to my own room filled with yagne mis givings, when I was startled by the sad den barating open of my door. Lucinda tasked in, her hair hanging dishevelled about her, iLer tyoo Almost Jitarting frqm their sockets with the wjJdra»suF8iiar" glare, _ahd a wail sharpened to a tone of Mignwli breaking from her lips. She q,.np herself; trembling and palpitating, onthe-gitrand,- and .buried her fece in my dress. " What is the matter, Lu anda!" I" ejaculated ; "for heaven's sake, what has : occurred 1" "Do not speak to me— do not ask ma Oh, what treachery! What cruel deception ! It is Milly he loves-he has told Her so. It is not -I !" And with a louder cry, the poor girl canght my band in hers with a half-maddened vehemence. X saw it all then. The mystery of this recent scene', was solved' That walk with Milly had revealed the true state of - his heart, and it was the younger sister he hsd loved while paying every polite at tention to die rider: Notwithstanding a kind of constraint which had always ex isted between Lucinda and me, I could not repress a thrill of pity as I viewed her.uow under such a different aspect to her usual cold and proud demeanour. 7 was still bewildered by the effects of this eqene, when Milly followed in her aster's steps. She stole in like a ghost, and, leaning on. the back : of a chair, did not speak for several minntea.- "_Has she toldyon F' she Said: at -length, in a low, /snppre8sfed -voic ; "Oh; Miily," I ex- clairned, bursting out for the first time with ah my emotions, "don't say it is true, Tfcu nem tetrifieg m> You must have nothing to do with that per son. He is a bad — a fearful man. Ton don't know who or what he is." Milly started back, her eyes filled with blank amazement. " What do you man," she murmured. "There is some dreadful secret about him. I may not — I cannot say more. But oh, Milly, mistrust him — avoid him. Do not give your happi ness into his keeping. You will rue it to the last day of your life. Some fatal calamity will inevitably ensue." Her expression changed quickly to one of alarm. " Why, what do yon know 1" she demanded eagerly ; " has he told you ! How have you lamed it ?" "There is a mystery, then ?" I broke in ; "I was not deceived. I felt it I foreboded it." " Yes, but it will not be one much longer. He has promised to reveal it to me. He aid he wonld not ask for my love till I knew all." " And do you love him f" I demanded, breath lessly. Milly lowered her eyes, and a tinge of her former colour shot into her cheeks. " I don't know yet," she mur mured ; " I thought it was Lucinda he cared for ; but I suppose I could learn to like him." " But yon will not do so. No, no. Promise me this. He will not tell you the truth. He dare not ; he could not. There is something too dreadful for that. Never be his wife, Milly. Pledge yourself you will not." And I aught her hand beseechingly in mine. " I do not understand yon, Frau lein," she exclaimed; "how can you have heard anything to his disadvantage 1 You are speaking from prejudice. This secret is one you could never have disco vered. He has kept it profoundly hid den, and he ays no mortal must learn it but myself" I was about to disclose all when something checked me — a dread that the effect of my vague intimations might be lost, and that I thould only weaken my previous remonstrances by this course. My relation wis one sol strange and unaccountable that I could anticipate no belief for it — it vas certain to be met with mocking iicrednlity. Milly interpreted my silence as favouring her own impression, that I wis biassed by a groundless antipathy. Sie steeled herself; therefore, against all I could add in the shape of warnings and entreaties, and quitted me that night in a state of excitement and irritation. Left to myself I could only resolve that Mr. Wylde should be at once informed of irhat had passed between his daughter and Mr. Marston. Mrs. Wylde had been dead for many years, and this circumstance gave me a degree of inflnence in the es tablishment which I felt shonldbe used for the welfare of my charges. As a pre liminary step I wonld try and induce Milly to make the communication her self and to insist with Mr. Marston that her lather should be the first partici pator in his secret, whatever it might be, as the proper judge of matters relating to her future interests. With this course in view I descended to the breakfast pEtrlour the following morning, and looked ont anxiously for Milly. She had not made her appearance. Lucinda, as usual, sat at the head of the table pouring out tea. She kept her had resolutely bent down that I might not meet her eyes, and truly one glance at her face aud pain fully compressed features would have made me shrink, in any case, from such scrutiny. " Milly has a headache," she said, in answer to my inquiry, " and will not come down for 'an hoar or two." Breakfast over, I was obliged to repair to my customary duties in the school room ; but scarely were they concluded, than I went in search of Milly. I met Lucinda at the entrance to her sister's room. She looked fearfully agitated, and her lips were livid and quivering from passion. " She is gone," she said. " Gone !" I ejaculated ; " where ! — with whom J" " Next door," she re turned, with passionate bitterness ; " he asked her to grant him an interview this morning." "And she — she has surely not been so mad as this! She can never have consented to such a step f " I half persuaded her against it. I understood that I had obtained a pro mise from her to that effect ; but she has vanished now. I cannot find her anywhere." Even as she spoke, a strange sound broke on our ears. We were standing in the passage, leaning against the wall which separated our house from No. 16. The noise proceeded from this direction. It was something be tween a shriek and a waif aud thrilled through our veins with a current of icy fear. Another moment; and there was a rush in the lower part of the house. The hall-door had been burst open, and some one darted up the stairs. Never shall I forget the scene which ensued. Milly stood before ns, quivering in her every limb, her face blanched with terror, her lips apart, and her eyes glittering with a wild fight in them. Lucinda sprang for ward, and seized her by the arm. "You have broken yonr word ! — you have been %ere !" she hissed into her ear, tighten ing her dutch tiU her fingers were in dented with purple marks in her deflate skin. Flinging herself free from her sister's grasp, she threw herself shudder ing and convulsed, into my arms. " Save, me, Fraulein !" she cried ; " hold me fest !— do not let him get me ! Oh, that fearful sight ! — how could fle suffer I me to see it !" I uttered an ejaculation. '» — . j . - — .. i-rivr- TitTi. meats were verified — the tranriormauon f had. witnessed wag no delusion of my senses ; it was ajl actual, horribly real ! I clasped Milly tight in my arms. "Thank God, you are -safe!" I mur mured ; " I knew the revelation that gwaited yon ; I conld have warned yon beforehand Bat it is better as it is; yon could never have credited my tale." " Yon knew it !" interrupted Milly, witji amy of astonishment; "is tins possi ble! How had he betrayed himself!" "Yes, yes, I have seen him — that hag gard old man— the very likeness of—" " Oh, stop I" she exclaimed, and put her hand to my lips ; " this secret, however it Las come to your knowledge, must never be breathed. I have sworn not to disclose it to inortal-J dare not speak of it Never let .it be mentioned again." Mystified by these expressions, Lucinda broke in with an angry interrogation. Milly turned from her, and seizing me by the arm, drew me into her own room. Locking the door here, she flung herself on her knees before me in an agony of entreaty. " Do .not tell her," she im- plc ed ; " he will think I have betrayed him ; and I vowed solemnly never to do ao. It cq,n effect no good — all is over now. Yon need fear no farther inter- course. He leaves the terrace in a few days for ever." "Then yea are not hound fo Jiim fa any Tray J You are free, Milly, and you will shun him from henceforth ?" I asked, eagerly. " Give me this promise, and I pledge myself to remain silent." " Yes, yon most trust me, Fraulein. It is indeed as I have aid. I shall never see him more, and I do not wish it otherwise. I had no true love for him, and this shock has broken all illusions. He knows now I could never marry him — that everything is at an end between us." Satisfied with this assurance, I yielded to Milly's earnest solicitation to conceal what had passed, as much to aim her agitation as from any deeper motive. With Lucinda, meanwhile, I had a difficult task to play. A defiant resolntion showed itself in her demeanour, which I was scarcely pre pared to meet. She seemed to become worked up to a kind of frenzied despera tion by this secrecy on my part ; and when all her efforts failed to wring any confession from me, she muttered some incoherent asseverations to the effect that I had dared her now, and that she would not stop at anything which could gain her ends. While I quailed instinctively before the fierceness of her manner, I little foresaw how far her excited feel ings would actually have arried her. I could never have foreshadowed the strange denouement that was at once to bring to a climax my latent fears, and put an end to my mystifiation. Three days passed over, and I was looking ont anxionsly for the departure of Mr. Marston. Joseph had confirmed Milly's statement that he was making arrangements to leave, and I was only desirous to har that these intentions had been carried into effect Milly, during this time, did not make her ap pearance downstairs. Her excitement had brought on a slight feverish attack, and she was unable to quit her room. Sitting with her one afternoon, reading aloud, the door was opened rather mys teriously by one of the maids, who signed to me that she wished to speak to me j for a minute. Milly's preceptions were acute enough to detect the motion. Her attention was quickly aroused, and, raiting her head, she . asked if anything were wrong "It's only about Mia Lucinda, miss," returned the girL "I have been looking for her to give a mes sage, and I thought, perhaps, yon might know where she is." " No, she has not been here this morning" And Milly, seeing nothing in this to excite her in terest, relapsed into her languid tone, and turned once more on the pillow. I crept out after the maid. " Is this really all vou wanted. Ellen !" I enquired. The girl hesitated. " I though!;- ma'am, from your manner, that you did not wish the yonng ladies to have anything to ay to the gentleman next door." . " Well, and what ha occurred ! Is he here now ! Is Miss Wylde with him !" " Oh, no, ma'am- — not that. Bnt since her sister's been ill, and you upstairs with her, Mia Lucinda is ont a good deal in tie garden — at the far corner, I mean, under the ash tree." " I know, I know f I broke in with sudden eager ness ; "and that person — Mr. Marston, < — is he in his grounds at the same time 1" The girl hesitated again, and stammered ont something to the effect that she fancied it was so. She had gone out to the garden to search for the yonng lady, and had heard voices in con versation at the far end, and there was no onq with Mia Wild from her own bouse. I waited to hear no more; but darted off to see for myself whether there was any foundation for the suspicion. Half way down the garden walk I met Lucinda coining towards me. Her cheeks were flashed, and her lowered eyes sparkled with a strange light as they were raised for -a moment to mine " Where have you been, Lucinda !" in quired I, crossing her path, and scru tinising her with ill-repressed anxiety. " Where ?" and she broke into a harsh laugh ; " are your senses quite be wildered, Fraulein Graueu ! A walk in one's garden is not snch a very alarming thing." " Bat was there no one with youl That is "Beally," in terrupted Lucinda, brnshing past me with a vehement gesture, " really thin is too absurd. Your vigilance is passing all reason. Fray, on what subject are you insanely suspicious now ?" Thrown back by her mocking tone, I knew not what to add. I did not dare to in sinuate any more definite accoadon, with such light grounds for building my assumption on. I was silenced for the moment, and Lncinda quitted me with out further interposition. Scarcely, however, had tire disap peared within the house, than I retraced my own stepB at a quick pace, and hastening upstairs to my room, I sprang to the window looking upon the back of the house. It was just as I had antici pated. Mr. Marston was standing in his garden beneath the ash tree, some of the branches of which had drooped over the hedge, forming a kind of arbour on our tide; and which was Luanda's favourite sat. He held a paper in the form of a small note open in his hand, and was Banning it eagerly. A thrill of appre hension darted through my heart. Could it be that their communication had reached this length of confidence I It was a startling suspicion, yet that inti mation of the maid, joined to my present observation, seemed to confirm the idea. either overheard some sound, .or accident induced a sudden change iff attitude. He paused in the perusal of the paper, looked up, and his eyes met mine. He could not have tamed paler from emo tion, bnt he gave a quick start of sur prise, and crushed up the letter in his hand. Almost simultaneously with tins movement; he smoothed it into its folds again, and placed it in his breast-pocket .He had regained his self-possession, and with an air of assumed indifference, ad vanced some steps in the direction of the Louse. Here he stopped for one instant, and again raising his eyes +" the window, he bowed with a glance ox - -cognition to me, A smile played on his features now — a ghostly sardonic smile, and with this signifiaut expression hovering be fore my vision, I lost sight of him be hind the projection of his ,house. This circumstance would have afforded me matter for grater uneasiness had I not lamed a few hours later that Mr. Marston was actually to lave on the following morning. Eveiything was in readiness for his departure, and a car riage had been - ngaged from a neigh bouring town to take him on to his next destination. The ostensible reason given for this sudden move was the state of bis ' health, which uad not been benefitted by | his sojourn in pnr neighbourhood, and it was considered advisable to make a speedy change before the winter set in. About two o'clock that night I was awakened by the sound of wheels be- nath my window. I conjectured whose departure they announced, and I - was scarcely surprised at the unusual hour which had been fixed for this event. The secrecy with which our neighbour bad contrived his arrival, and the strange nature of his subsequent proceedings, had prepared me to expect the employ ment of similar mystery now. The hours passed on, and without dwelling further on the circumstance, I fell into a heavy slumber. I was aroused at mid day by some oue bending over me, and a cry in my vicinity. Starting up, I aw that Milly Btood beside me iu her white dressing-gown, wringing her hands, and uttering despairing ejaculations. " Oh, Franlein, she is gone ! Lucinda is gone ! She has left in the night ! Mr. Marston has carried her off! What shall we do!" And with a face of dismay, she rushed out on the passage, calling for her father. Mr. Wylde ap peared in another instant, just in time to receive a letter which had been dis covered ou the yonng lady's dressing- table. Tearing open the seal, he com menced the peroral. His face grew pale as he read, and before he had concluded the paper dropped from his hands. Milly snatched it up, and in broken sentences read aloud the contents : — " Do not make any attempt to follow me, lather ; before this meets your eye I shall be beyond the reach of pursnit; and will have united my fete with that of Edward Marston. I feared, knowing the circum stances of the case, that you would never have given your consent to this step ; but now that it is taken, I pray of you to forgive me, and not to blame me too harshly for what I have dona I have not courage enough to enter into explana tions here ; I leave them to another to detail My sister Milly knows all ; she can tell you what is the obstacle I allude to ; the one fetal secret of Mr. Marston's life." At these words, Mr. Wylde turned round with a sudden vehemence. "What is this secret, Milly ! " he exclaimed ; what does she mean ! Speak — explain all, without delay." His daughter trem bled, and seemed scarcely collected enough to reply. " Oh tell him, Milly !" I murmured ; "it is something too wildly horrible to be kept back now; be has a right to learn alL" She opened her lips then, and the words came forth with a quick, gasping sound. " There is mad- ness m me iamuy, iainer — a lemoie hereditary disease ; Mr. Marston has had a fearful brain fever himself in which .the seeds of it broke forth, and in a fit of frenzy he attempted his father's life. Tins drove the old man, who was already weakened in his intellects, into a hope- lea state of insanity. He has always been kept since in close concealment under Mr. Marston's roof The latter made a vow, when be became aware of the dreadful deed he had attempted, that he would never let Mm be separated from him. It was this secret he dis closed to me when he asked me to become his wife ; and, awed by the prospect of what I should have to brave, I shrank from it in terror." "And Lucinda — how is this ! Did you not warn her f interrupted her father. " I had no need to do so ; she must have discovered all herself; she has acted with her eyes open; that allusion in her letter plainly shows it." Mr. Wylde had turned to me now with some eager interrogation, but I scarcely heard him. I remained literally stopified by the tidings which had burst upon me. This, then, was the cine to the mystery — the solution of that be wildering enigma which had filled me with such distracting ideas that I could not even seek to comprehend them. I was so utterly overcome by the surprise that I was unable to offer comment or condolence, and the succeeding incidents of that morning passed before me as in a dram. I learned later a full and con nected explanation of all which had occurred, and could only recall my own credulous snperatition with increasing con fusion. It appeared that, on the night of his arrival, Mr. Marston had alighted at the entrance of the terrace to look for the right number on the door, and when I became a spectator of the scene, be was already within Ms own Loose, and Joseph had been sent ont to assist the elder gentleman from the carriage. The latter person, for very obvious reasons, was always kept in strict sedation. His general condition of harmless imbecility was at times broken in npon by some frantic outbreak ; and Mr. Marston, fearing that the discovery of any danger ous symptoms of this kind might lad to Ms removal from under his care; and bring to light other unhappy circum stances connected with his case, deter mined, if possible, to conceal his exist ence. This was more easy of accomplish ment, as Joseph, who had- the especial are of the old gentleman, had acquired in a great measure the secret of manag ing him, and was generally able to exer cise a control over him, and recall Mm within bounds, if he chanced to break through them, as on the occasion of his midnight appearance in the terrace gar den. Mr. Marston, dreading some later interference, had fdt it necessary to make Milly acquainted with these painfal cir- pose he persuaded her to contrive a meeting with him in Ms own house; that she might see for herself the true peti tion of affairs. He calculated on not representing them in too repelling a light, Joseph, however, chanced to be absent on the occasion, and the intro duction of a stranger to the elder Mr. Marston's presence threw him into a sudden paroxysm of delirium. Milly was beyond measure startled at h'« alarming aspect, and fled from the house in dismay, appearing before Lucinda and me in the state of nervous agitation I have already described. Of Lucinda's fate, the lea written the better. — London Society. 