THEATRE ROYAL. On Thursday evening " Hamlet" was played at the Royal, Mr. Fairclough impersenating the Danish Prince. There was an excellent house, Shakspearias drama always drawing well in Adelaide when it is understood that actors of reputation are to make their first appeaianee upon our stage in the principal characters. Oa oath occasions, too, the house is dis posed to be critical, and an audienee that wonld rapturously applaud the vary tom foolery of low comedy, la cautions and reflective in awarding tiie most moderate amount of approbation to the moat finely rendered pssaagea of Shakapeare. When the artiste, however, haa proved *?'-?—l* a master of hia subject, the applause inerasses in earnestness till It becomes eottuaisatio. A great authority on thaae matters ones aaid that after all the gada were the beet judges of good anting, aad certainly ao part of tha theatre ia mere attentive and applaud* mora appropriately than the gallery whenever Shskspeare finds a worthy interpreter. This is but one ef many proof* that the popularity of Bbakapeare*a plays can never die ; though now and then for a time they may go out ef fashion, the old love wOl retarn, and Englishmen ef nil elasaee will weloome bank the earnest vigorous Saxon, the humor and psthiw. the exquisite delineations of character, the tragic power, the hundred emelleiMries that esn be found combined in the productions of oar greatest port and dramatist, and in his alone. Hamlet la the character by whioh, probably more thaa aay otter, the capacity of ah actor to do jnatiss to Shakapeare-s creations is most commonly judged. There am eertain general | prinajlpUj In th* d^'i*—-*—" **•— all observeas far as possible, but still there ia cansiderable eoope far variety at Interpretation even among good aetata, aomapujaanttooaubduadaplctnie, others gives too mash prominence to certain featl" f. «ud s?—■« «nal—the MMlinala tim an Men and violent. In matters cf detail these may he a different tendering, aad yet it may j be e_eult to assign, aay raaaoa why one should be preferred to the otter; ttey assy be equally probable. In the passage, "Look hare, upon this picture, aad oa thfa,** It has been common for the most eminent tragedians to present two miniatures to tte Quean, but Mr. Fairdongh points to tarn portraits on the wall, and this seems more probable, aad gives hotter opportnnitiea for natural and telling acting. Then, when after speaking daggers to hia mother, he urges her to repen tance, affectionate pleading- mingles witt aad almost takes the place of the sternest reproof. In several other points there it some vaiiation In Mc Fairowagh*s tendering from previous Interpretations. He haa alao adopted several new readings of the text, witt reference to whioh there may be aome differunco of opinion. Certainly it annms mote untuiul to take arms agalnat a "siege of tnmblea*' than i as of troubles. To leave theae partisalaie, we must say that, aa a whole, tte Impersonation more than equalled tte moat favorable autte^a_aa. Tham waa a perfect freedom from cant, aad yet ulmni passion aad intensity of feeling had to be repre aented they were rendered with power end the most telling effect. Netting eould be more easy, natural, and imprearive than tta dialone, or more exquUte than tte representation of Hkmlaat in ?B M. raiiara wmttmAm m*A ?—?"?*—■—? as prince, philosopher, satirist, son, lover, friend. The home waa kept in the moat rapt attention throughout tta performance. Several timea Mr. Faindoogh sraa called before tte curtain, and on one occasion wss greeted with a shower of bouquets. Miaa Bowring well it pies—it nil tte Quean, .espe cially fa tte terrible interview with her aoa, when|be laid ban to her tntroapecti— the guilt that dishonored bar. and wronged tte firing and the dead. In the scenes with poor Orimlla ahe sraa alao very effective. Mr. West's Sang Olaudiaa waa above tte average, ttla ob janHnnsWri character bring too commonly repre acnted on tte stage by a tegular atiok. Mr. Walsh wss sueeassful In tte part of Poloniua, and avoided tte oommnn error of making tte old aaaa a simple dotard. Heratio found a creditable representative in Mr. MelviOa, and Mc Holloway played Laertes witt spirit. IDs Anatead aetol Ophelia > quietly aad gracefully, though a trifle mate animation wonld, perhaps, lave been an im provement. Mc Gamy made a good ghost, though a trifle Imdinad to monotone. Mr. Power waa well up In tte part ef tte first gravedigger, and appraniated tts humor of the text. Onlldanstern sraa insipid, aad not very Intelligible, aad It waa naughty for Oarie to declare a "palpable hit** that h*oould not possibly have erne; but the remaining characters genetslly were fairly sustained. The pieoe waa well mnnnted, though ttere were one or two hitches. The sliding door working of itself to admit tte King to his devotions had a most im prebaUe appearanoe. Hamlet's ectrsnoe and soliloquy at this point, when he hesitates whether to kill the King at his prayers, was excised, which was hardly to be commended, aa it Is one of the most telling passages in the tragedy. Take it altogether, however, tbe piece went smoothly, and the performance was the greatest treat we have hsd tn Adelaide for years. To night " Hamlet" will ba repeated. 