RANDOM NOTES. BY A WANDERING REPORTER. THE MAIL. A NINE hours' journey by rail, but what is to be said about it? Has it not been used up, done ad- nauseam by Smith, Brown, Jones; by A. B. Y. Z., and all the letters in the alphabet? Yes. It has been done in the romantic, the historic, the didactic, the commercial, and in fact in every possible vein and style, until it has been worked out. I myself, humble scribe as I am, have tackled the subject some three or four times, in as many different forms, until now I look upon it as an entirely worked out literary shaft, finally deserted as containing no single patch for the pen-and-ink fossicker. Nor was there on my journey a chance offered of getting up even the minutest shred of enthusiasm ; for, starting at 5 p.m., darkness closed over the face of the country before we reached any scenery at all calculated to get up professional steam, " making," slightly to paraphrase the immortal hard, "the green one black," obliterating hills, filling up gullies, and mask- ing flats, until one almost got the impression that one was travelling through some interminable tunnel hung here and there with boughs as ornaments for some gnomic festival. Under such circumstances, had I had the pictur- esque vein more than usually prominent on that occa- sion it would have availed me nothing, for there was nothing to call it forth. Three passengers only occupied the saloon carriage with me ; one, a young man bound, as he informed me in one of his waking intervals, some four hundred miles inland, and who was consequently taking it out in sleep at every pos- sible opportunity - and two gentlemen from Victoria, whose whole talk was of statistics, politics, and all the other topics which make the daily life of a reporter a perpetual misery. One thing alone brought me comfort, and that was that they honestly did justice to New South Wales in what they had seen, and confessed that visiting Victorians had not spoken of her altogether fairly. This being the case, I did not feel myself called upon to "blow" to the extent I should have been bound to do had I come across specimens of the windy Mel- bournite. These gentlemen left the train at Mount Victoria, and the somnolent traveller and I were lett alone lying at full length at opposite ends of the car- riage. Musingly I regarded him in the distance, wondering how on earth he managed to sleep in a railway carriage, when suddenly, from some peculiar ocular phenomenon attributable, I presume, to the mountain atmosphere, the carriage seemed to lengthen put like a telescope ; my fellow-passenger was re- moved further and further from me until he became indistinct, minute, and finally disappeared. In alarm I raised my head to investigate the cause of this peculiar deception, when at once the telescopic carriage shut itself up, and there was the sleeper in his former state of somnolency. This was repeated once or twice until I lost all interest in the elucidation, and resigned myself to fate - or, in other words, dropped off to sleep. The stoppage of the train at Bowenfels, and the banging of doors, by which guards and railway officials generally consider it necceasary to accompany the ceremony, brought me back to the waking world, and my slumbers were altogether driven away by an irruption of goths into the carriage, consisting of two men of the superior kind of the genus coal miner or navvy - accompanied with a lemonade bottle. This lemonade bottle was the subject of the most riotous discourse for the first ten minutes, being applied at constantly recurring intervals to the mouth of one or the other of the barbarians - who, to do them justice, carried out the Gamp theory of "drinking fair." The contents of that lemonade bottle had a gradually soothing effect upon the goths, whose voices, which on entering had been exercised upon some northern dialect of English pitched in a tone which could be heard from one end of a railway cutting to another, gradually subsided into a growl like distant thunder, with an occasional burst however to show that the power was still there, though latent. But now a third party came upon the scene, and brought quietness to the much-vexed car- riage. With the miners or navvies had entered a man and his wife, the latter carrying under a large and handsome shawl a something which, from the sounds which proceeded from it, might have been a young pig, a puppy, or an infant. From the fact of its being enveloped in that shawl, I at once rejected the pig supposition, and was after a time assured of the wisdom of my rejection by the wife desiring the noisiest of the barbarians to "shut up, and not wake the child." Two or three repetitions of this request made in a sharp crescendo tone had their effect, and conjoined with the anodyne effects of the lemonade bottle's contents produced silence - if silence that could be called which was rendered hideous by nasal instead of vocal growls. With the exception of the last-mentioned growls all was quiet in our little community, and one by one the inmates dropped off to sleep. My slumbers had been too rudely and ruthlessly broken to allow any hope of their being recalled, so I lay, half reclining, vacantly regarding the stout wife and the mystery en- veloped by that brilliant shawl." Little by little I saw the stout wife - for she was portly, as became her matronly character - incline and incline until her head rested, against the edge of the window frame, the lower jaw falling forward as the head fell back, leaving exhibited a cavernous receptacle well worthy the designation of "potato trap," so frequently applied to it. But now ensued, another phenomenon. From, beneath the brilliant shawl appeared the soles of two small boots. Slowly descending, like the fairy from a cloud in a panto- mime, a pair of shiny uppers exhibited themselves as attached to the soles. Next came connected with the boots a pair of white juvenile socks, gradually deve- loping themselves with that easy sliding motion which writers of blood-curdling fiction attribute to ghosts - not, mind you, that I had the slightest sus- picion that anything ghostly was going on, but that the appearance was in the most approved style of the novelists. At the end of the socks, or rather I ought to say at the beginning of the socks, were it not that they came on me wrong end first, - but to save quib- bling, let us say where the socks ended a pair of legs began, continuing their descent in the same easy manner as the boots and socks, until fully developed. I was looking on with admiration, and wondering what was to come, next, when there was a sudden check, just asI if there had been some hitch in the machinery to arrest the descent. One of the feet was drawn up and violently kicked out. The same ceremony was next performed. by the other foot ; then the two went through the performance together, and at last there came a series of violent contortions such as only infants or Girards can successfully execute. These were accompanied first with grunts and then with squeaks, and lastly with shrill infantile howls ; whilst following up the radial line of the contortions, I was enabled by a trigonome- trical calculation to perceive that the child had slid through its mother's arms until caught by the chin, a very convenient projection for arresting a descent, but certainly, as far as the juvenile was concerned, not the most interesting one for continuous suspension. The howls of the child of course woke the mother. Her first act was the truly maternal one of giving the child a good shaking, probably to give additional im- petus to the howls, and then for the purpose of stop- ping them, suffocating the child under the shawl by filling the mouth with a something that turned the cries into gurglings and chokings until they finally ceased. The infantile sliding scale was resumed at intervals, but the youngster had got up to the manouvre, and took care to howl long before they got to the strangu- lation key under the chin, and the rest of the journey was performed in comparative peace. On arriving at , the Raglan station, our two barbarians woke up to life again, when a somewhat amusing scene occuried between them. In getting on to the coach which con- veys passengers to Bathurst, the two friends got separated, the one - the noisiest - getting inside, and the other outside in close proximity to the driver. The outside gentleman possessed himself of the lemonade bottle, and when the inside passenger bethought himself about it, it was returned to him empty, much to his discontent, though his dissatisfaction was expressed much after the faslion of a playful grisly. The morning was cold - all the colder from turning out from the warm railway car- riages into the fresh morng; air. It was now between 2 and 3 a.m., and in the short distance of five miles we had to make two stoppages at - post-offices on the road. These stoppages were somewhat more pro- longed than necessary, but I suppose country post- masters, like other individuals, do not turn out very willingly from the blankets into an atmosphere closely approaching the freezing point, and I am therefore prepared to make every allowance for them : but on the other hand, I would also ask them to have some consideration for the fifteen or twenty weary, shivering passengers who are bound to keep their places on the coach, whilst tho postmasters go maundering about their offices with a candle, for that, from the observations I have been able to make from the outside, is about all that seems to occupy them. Cold, shivering, and numbed, we were ultimately landed at the Club-house Hotel, where hot coffee and tea put a little warmth into all hands preparatory to their taking their several destinations. Mine, I need hardly say, alter the fatiguing exercises of the night was - bed. 