;,!NEW SOUTH -W2_&3T1. . j 2 PARLIAMENT,.. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. I i Tim SrBAicnp took the chair at twenty-nine minutes past 4 o'clock. . r j i RESIGNATION OF MR RODD SPEAKER announced that he had received a letter from Mr James Rodd resigning his seat as member for the electoral district of the Goldfields North On the motion of Mr PARKES the seat of Mr Rodd 'asMeclarcd vacant A ' GRANTS OF LAND fíOR PRESBYTERIAN i I j SCHOOLS Mr STr'WART.onbehilfof Mr Buchanan, asked the Minister of Justice and Public Instruction,-" 1 What grants of land, at nies for Presby tooan schools, within the city its subur bit, wore an ice on the application of the interior John M Garde, of St. Andrew's Scots Church, Sydney { 2 Win Ex, and, if so, how many, of these grants intended for the Ciclusuousti of the particular congregation over which Dr M Garvie provided, and not to meet the requirement of the denomination generally i I Has it over but the practice of the Government to grant more than one site within the city for the erection of a book in connection with one particular congregation t Mr ALLEN replied -I Portions of land have been ¡?TBii'id for Pieebyien in Church purposes in the pinches it Willoughby, Alexandra (of portions) Padington St Philip, and St Andrew, 2 The grants were, in some instances given to meet the exigencies of particular concern gations, But sent to the Pi osBorn in body generally. store than one atomic been granted in some instances m stated In reply to question 1 Further information on the sugar it may lieToutld mar return relating to religious in payments ordered by the Legislative Assembly to be ' finit(d.on the LOTh Dec.ember, 1819 at - * { riNTELÇ SCHOOL ATTARD i i M ii BUCHANAN asked the Minister of Justice and a iii Public (instructional! Has the Public school at Tarlo, ' near Goulounwbcon shut up for the last two months, and, if so will the Minister as to the Acason t Mr J ALLKN-repliedthnttheschriol had not been closed at ant time during the past two months I POLICE PROTECTION AT WHEEL ., you, and me having. in his reply, 11 Uli) by Mr PARKES laid thut,un,nj portion of, the kind had been made by a number of residents at Grabben Cullen the lamented General of Pt lieu informed the Government, on the report of Superintendent Though, shut police were elections in that proof that colony was not required in consequence of a communication which had Wished him, he should be! Its to make further inquiry before a decision UBBRtri\Cdut j üYDNliYcORPORATION ,. , , Mr MACIN10Sïl"rtéked tho ÜoloninfSoorótary,-" 1 Has the Colonial Secretary) received from thrown Clark of Sydney a statement million forth the financial position of the Municipal Council of Sydney up to the 21st December, 1874 If so, what steps is we the Government taken, or intend to take, to place the Council in a. position r to meet their engagements, and carry out the most efficient use movement and good government of the buyer Mr PARK is S said that a settlement of the kind had been received by the Government With used to those cond " question, he did not regard it as the duty of, crashing incumbent upon, the Government to i from the Council has (OBition to meet its engagements Jtio admitted that the ct to was one which required serious of undue alien and was not very has dealt with the matter was held under ' consideration, but no decision had been arrived at i Hi PRESBY TERIAN S HOOL SI Iii, UitbKINE- > i t ' STHLfiU Di Mr MACINTOSH asked the Secretary for Lands, 'I Is the Government aware that rebuilding is in the course of erection of the foot of Erskine s reef, on a piece of land granted at a site for a Presbyterian school," and form I n no other purpose whatsoever It so will] the Govern unit CXCICIBU the powers retained by them mills Deed of Grant of 1847 ?" I - li a Mr FARNELL said that the following information had been furnished by the trustees A school WMhbailt on a portion of the giant Icq years ago by the trustees, from contributions and the rout ncçruiugifioiu t he loaded the remaining portion, and was put under the old Dunoon national Board Subsequently it was recognized by the Council of Education as a certified Denominational Pros by terian school, and since then it has been kept in repair, and all the requirements of the Connel rest by funds accruing from the remaining portion of the "nut now..'uncior lease and on which building is being erected The Times there ised ponton is the only man available to the trustees to defray the expenses of kfLiungjtho school in repair The second question daily still a matter which would require further inquiry and an illicit ratified, especially under the coal malton given in the preceding, answer 3LO SERVICE OF PORT JACKSON Mr BOOTH asked the Colonial Treasurer,-' lUi the Government taken any steps towards the improvement of the pilot service at Port JachaoU!1 ' Mr, LLOYD said that the Government had had under (consideration the proposal of the Man o Board, which can be imputed thousands st) or by steamer at a cost of £10,000 li I the pilot were leo of Hon J ckson,aud the amount asked t will be placed on the Estimates for the decision of I parliament RAILWAY TIME, TABLE ' Mr LUCAS, on behalf of Mr I£LCJr» asked the Secre tch ioriPnbio Works,-' I. Have the Government had under the consideration the expediency of making alterations in the present railway time table, more putioliUtrly nt regards the mail and goods trains J S If so will the Minister state the nature of any such contemplated alterations i Fair SUTHERLAND replied, 1 No but the plan of ,pa»rying>goodH by the ii in to IUJB was adopted as a forage rar\"ruei¡Miro only, rendered necessary by the want of ada quate engine power and the Se rotary for Public Works is not unmindful of the intention be excused at that time by abolish the combined system so sion its lbo locomotives then ordered have b m supplied. Some of the onBiaos having now been declaired, an amended time table had been prepared, but had not yet been approved of by the Government LUNACY BILL Mr PARKES brought in a bill to consolidate and amend the law relating to the insane ! the bill was read a first time, and an order to as made that it be printed I PETITIONS Mr MOORE presented a petition from drivers of public vehicles, praying for a repeal of the Public, Vehicles Act of Mr MACINTOSH presented a petition from John Connotyjliito assistant clerk in the Legislative Assembly, ^ praying for consideration at the ends of the House for too is a loss of his will ) and J Mr MACINTOSH pre6onlodn,j3ntitioa,wgned by two in irons, in favour of the passing of the Ultimo Pfewy- l terian Church Trustees Bill The petitions were received *l RD I URN , Mr PARKES laid on the table a return to an order of the House on the motion of Mr Moore, showing all moneys received, and all n out ye paid, under the Public Vehicles Regulation Act of 1876, from its coming, into operation a «hoiiiBtottho present month, and a list of all persons acting under this Act with the salama Un v receive also, the number of attendances of each of the Commissioners during that time . An order was made for the printing of the document PARLIAMENTARY BLI RLfaHMERE TOUR. Mr ^LLbON mt v(d, with the concurrence of a House, that power be given to the Refreshment Committee '"TllomotienwaB agreed to, and Mr Nelson brought up ^MTNBLSON then read the report which WMI test the effect that the joint committee of the Legislative Connor ttLd Legislative Assembly found it impossible to enter upon their duties and placed in a proper position, by w» moval of the liabilities of the department and the placing at, f he is dist or a sum of money to prot do a Book 'a joint committee found (that the existing liability o the refreshment-room amounted to £132 fa 10d The awas SELBY Stock on hand, £45 5s 10d , account of his oembors,¡£20 2s 6d balance of cash in bank, sales 6d 7th W dafiownoy being £33 9s. 2d InaddiU»»«* ' I .0(l«*l¿.KOIUJ>iJ U /li"*" . ,, nil 'M' - ' ' I --TI but the refreshment rooms were responsible for goods for the amount of £310 14s. 5d., which had been ordered, >' M some of which had arrived and been landed. In order Sarthe refreshment-room should not be entirely without smokes he had incurred a personal responsibility be ' ordering a few things to a small amount. But he declined fomakohiuiBelf responsible to any further extent; and he did not think the other members of the committee would be Macinante incur any personal responsibility. He thought I that a sum of enough not to exceed £600, incontinent 'Moensesof both Houses, was voted, the committee would £ Ho to lay in a stock. It would be unfair to ask hon members to subscribe sufficient capital for a stock for the Refreshment-room, for this reason - the Parliamentary; ' refreshment-room was very different to a private club. The members were only members of the refreshment-room so] " once they were members of Parliament. It the Govern-. meat did not place a sum of money on the Estimates,, as he suggested, the refreshment-room would I have to be closed; and, for his part, he did not care if it was closed. In Victoria he found by the Estimates that fire was granted as a bonus to the contractor for supply ing the retrcehtncnt- ro.m. If the sum he now proposed "ere granted, the committee would be able to lay in a stock and he had no doubt that a small profit might be made with good management, and the money be returned. It'»light be asked how these losses came about. Everything was provided in the refreshment-room at almost cost once, and it had always been the custom to provide lan cheon and dinners in the evening. It very frequently happened that very few, if any, of the members ever came there to lunch; and sometimes it happened that just before the time came for the House to adjourn for refresh- ment it broke up. The consequence was that the provisions remained unconsumed, and went bad. It was in that way that horses had come about. He was surprised that the loss had been so small only £33. The scale of charges had been too low in some things. Only a 10 was owing by members, and he was sure they would pay it in a moment when called upon to do so. If w010eDlB were let to a contractor, it would be found that he would require a certain bonus over and above the payments made. Mr HiLL: They had better be closed than that we should have this exposure. Mr. NELSON moved that the report be printed. Mr. COOPER thought this matter had been brought before the House with very questionable taste. (Hear, hear.) It should have been decided out of that Chamber. The hon. member for Orange ought to have sent round circulars to hon. members informing them of the condition of affairs, and suggesting a way out of the difficulty. He did not suppose hon. members would object to make good any deficiency. Some hon. members objected to payment of members, but he thought it was infinitely more humiliating that the House should be called upon to pay their tavern bills. ' Mr. RAPHAEL thought the hon. member had been made the scapegoat in this matter by hon. members of the other House, who had got him to introduce it here because they said it was a money bill. If the gentlemen in the other Chamber had put down £5 each, they would have had funds in hand to tide over this difficulty, and some thing in hand to carry on with. He hoped the report would not be printed. in - Mr. FORSTER hardly know whether the question was for the printing of the report or for the adjournment of the House. -i ? ? Mr. SPEAKER: The question now is that the report be printed, Mr. FORSTER said that, though he agreed in a good deal said by the hon. member for East Macquarie, it was hardly fair to blame the hon. member for Orange for having introduced the question before the House as a matter not within their cognizance. No doubt the business between the committee and the gentlemen who incurred liabilities was a private matter ; yet with regard to the other part of the subject, they could not shut their eyes to the fact that the House had appointed a committee to inquire into it. This matter had never been treated entirely UB a private business and considering that public money was spent in providing accommodation and curtain matters necessary in a room of this kind, he could not see how it could be dealt with as private business, though if it could be done without bringing details before the public the better. Still, when a difficulty had occurred such as this, he did not see how the hon. member could be blamed for bringing it before the House. Of course it became another question whether they should vote public money for getting out of the difficulty. They ought first to know a little more of the management of the previous committee that had brought them into this scrape. It was no doubt a disagreeable exposure, but it was an exposure necessary through seem possible initmnnngeruent of the previous committee. To talk of not printing the report of this committee was another novelty. Surely the public were entitled to know something of the question to be made the subject of the report, and he should feel it his duty to vote for the motion. Mr. PARKES did not think the mover in this matter was to blame for the course he had taken in regard to it. Being chairman of the committee appointed by the House, he did not see M hint other course he could have taken than that of bringing up the report. [Mr. FORSTER: Hear, hear.] With regard to the state of things which the report disclosed, it was scarcely worth while making comments; but they know that something like £1000 per annum was voted for the incidental expenses in connection with tariff refreshment room, for waiters and servants. All this expenditure being "borne by the public it did seem strange, as the prices paid for refreshments were j about equal to those of private establishments, that they did I not meet the cost of the supplies. He thought there must have been some unnecessary waste in consumption that had led to this result. But he rose in consequence of an observation made by the hon. member for Orange. He wished to state, in the most distinct terms, that he could not conceive of any circumstances which would induce the Government to place any sum of money on the Estimate] to make good the deficiency. Mr NELSON replied. J. The question, " that the document be printed, was put, and carried on division by a majority of 20 to' 12. PETITION. Mr. BURNS presented a petition from George Harris and others against the Rogers Estate Bill. , , , , , , Petition received, and ordered, on the motion of Mr. BURNS, to be referred to the eelcotcommittee on the hill. DISTILLATION BILL. Mr. FORSTER brought up a bill to regulate distillation. The bill was read a first time, and ordered to be printed. CEMETERIES BILL. Mr FORSTER brought up a bill to regulate cemeteries. The bill was read a first time, and ordered to be printed. ROADS BILL. Mr LUCAS moved, as a formal motion,-" That this House will, on Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, to consider the expediency of bringing in a bill to make better provision for the making, repairing, and' management of the common roads of the colony." The motion was put and carried. PARLIAMENTARY " HANSARD." Mr. COOPER' moved,-" That this House will, on Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, to consider of an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the Supplementary Estimates for 1874 a sum not exceeding £3t)UU, to defray the expense of providing an official' report of the Parliamentary debates." He said that this matter had been very fully debated last session, when a motion similar to the present had been carried, and he should not, therefore, go at any length into the question until the House went into committee. It must be admitted that a record of the proceedings of the House, of some kind or other, was absolutely necessary. Some hon. members might deny the desirability of having such a record provided at the expense of the public ; but the necessity for a record of some kind would not be denied. It might be that hon, members would be satisfied with the record furnished by the newspapers ; but this ought certainly not to be the case, bccRUEo it left the House entirely dependent for its records for the caprice of newspaper proprietors. However well Uuy might be prepared, newspaper reports could note accepted as reliable for the purposed for which a" Hansard was required. One of the arguments used last session was that if they had a " Hansard " it would be of no use to the public ; but such a work was not intended for the public, but for the convenience of hon. members as a red crosses, just in the same way that the law reports were published ; not for public use, but because the business of the Courts could not be properly conducted unless these reports were taken and the precedents they furnished handed down for future guidance They would over be without a basis for the rules of this House were it not for the existence of a tliuiBard, because every rule of practice laid down by way was tweed upon decisions the discussions of in which were reported in " Hansard." So with this Assembly. If they were deprived of a proper record of the decision of the speaker, how would it be possible to fix the practice of the house t as those decisions formed the practice by making the remarks he did not mean to cast any reflections upon the newspaper reports, which he acknowledged to be ox namely accurate in so far as they went; but then it was wipofsiDio to secure entire accuracy, and even if it were poMMe, such a record could not be used in the HOIHO without a breach of privilege, for to quota from a newspaper orironinny documents, unless it was one in the possession of WOHOUBO, was an infraction of the rules of Parliament, ""are not intend to go over the arguments used last «Siion.btit he would advert to one or two objections then tariffs against the motion. One was that the debates in r^m°UE,e*or0bO valueless that the money spent upon my official record of them would be entirely thrown away. in"',\e,I,etnn arguments all, it was not one against a Hansard, butrathorogninstthooxistenco of such a House whose v 'faB recluses was a record, no matter, till- I sPeechEs were good or bad ; but to say that noEe delivered in this Chamber were valueless was a libel on refutes V?lSenuUR misrepresentations had also been made in thors, JJ Í!?SÍ.0ÍU ''HMuand." He had heard it and that he cost would be of least £10,000 a year; but the fact was the most ?!? Island Put down w,w finally in excess of of fine.?- th,B'V,.ctoH'in," HoBsurd," and was also in excess hen?0pÄt'ni»to18>vento him by the Government printer tboViiK A J ?PPll=«l to the Government printer son of the nl.'-^Vu18 WQ9,wü»t is said :-.. For in costing the toraw&DeIhavo; told the season of 1872 in Vic Shah If STLIf are 24 PIGS of ' Hansard,' the cost of 500 con Le To7n'eiO'£ U 5Sf"do,"t Wollom Panting, total iin7n7Tf!-blndl88'A2?0 cf'P¡0J> 2 volumes, £100 Äa!,nJi,SnÄ,,ikely that our Hostess would institute tÄ*-88 222 Pages of Hansard. Mr Ferris of rFKT.^MIÍSSmoIVlcUlria at 280" Pages. Yours, WKLJ?-0"1 .Ki£hfl1.a". Mr- ÏÏ^à*'also' » Victoria £!iT°ilt,on to Mr Florrie' Government printer I" !. when mast r H 1ue6''?xasSot following replies. 2 2\. wJ" Hansard') started a February, 12,13u'6 Baker "shot first Seated at a newspaper office ? J. H was made up from the ¿rv/Hs.aad published in - r Demy 8vo sino.-8->If somewhat were the reasons that led to its being transferred to the Government Office'? To insure ' an unbiassed report of the debates in both Houses. ' Under what department is the reporting staff The Chief Secretary's. Is it subject to the same Governmental control as any ordinary department ?, Yes.-G. In whose discretion is it, or in what way is it decided, to report some speeches at full length, and to curtail others ( All are fairly reported ; the reporters have sole control ; they exercise their own judgments. What is the cost of Hansard' in every branch ? Three reporters : 2 at £625, 1 at £450 (£1600), and incidental expenses, £50 ; the Cost of, printing, of course, depends on the length of the session. The number of pages in a session has varied considerably the minimum being 250 ages, the maximum 2800. 8. What is the mode of distributing the copies ? It is issued every Tuesday evening, at 6 o'clock, the first copies being enveloped and sent to members. On the following morning it is sent by post to the Departments, to all the public libraries, mechanics' institutes, reading-rooms, and all the newspapers published in the colony free. M.embers are supplied with bound copies at the end of the session, in addition to the weekly espying. Are any copies sold to the public? No: but it can be had, the subscription being fixed at £2 2s. the session. 18. Is there any desire to purchase copies ? Not the least 11. What is the number of copies printed ? Six hundred and twenty (620) copies.. -12. How is Hansard' issued, in weekly parts, or how I Weekly's. Are proofs ever submitted to members for revision ? No, except it may be the Treasurer's financial statement, and then merely for the purpose of checking the figures." Thus the cost would be very Enchanter what he had stated, as with the £1600 for reporting it would only be £2670. He had thought it better, however, to name the sum he had done, as the initiation of the work might be more expensive than it would be afterwards. There was also an impression amongst members and the public that in a " Hansard" thespceohesof members were reported verbatim, but such a case as verbatim reporting was not known, as there were always omissions fiona all speeches, and reporters used their discretion as to what they should report and what they should leave out. There was always a remedy if a reporter failed in his duty, but verbatim reports were never expected. "Hansard" reports were very much more curtailed than were those of the daily papers. Hon. mem- bers would have an opportunity of correcting any mistakes made by the reporters for " Hansard," but of course they would have to do so openly in this House. It had been said, probably from motives of personal hostility to him, that he brought forward this motion with a view to obtaining some advantage for himself. He did not think that any hon. member imagined that he would like a position of this kind. His ambition was not so low as that, and he had not come here to make this House a stepping-stone to a Government appointment. If who were excluded from this House, he should never seek employment in the Government service ; but, suppose there were Borne truth in the | accusation, how could that affect the question as to whether or not the publication of an official report was a proper thing to be done 'r Mr. HOSKINS said that the hon. member had deprecated discussion at this stage, but if the motion was not to be discussed now, why was it submitted ? If a '' Hansard" I were established he very much doubted whether we should ] get a more trustworthy report of our sayings and doings I than was now furnished in the newspapers. (Hear, hear.) I The official report would be so lengthy, and as the hon. , member had said, it would be entirely dependent upon the caprice of the reporters. Who were to bring the " Han . Eard " reporters to book of Mr. COOPER : Their employers, i Mr. HOSKINS : Whom are they to be under ? | Mr. COOPER The Colonial Secretary. I Mr. HOSKINS : Then he took leave to say they would The partisan reports, and no mistake. Most assuredly, after this application, every ton. member who wished to see an 'impartial report would continue to prof er newspaper reports. Hear, hear.) It would not be more edifying to hon. 'members if such sayings as " honorable hounds," " speaks," fund such epithets were published from the Government Printing-office. The reporters of the Press used a wise discretion in omitting many of the scurrilous expressions , used in this Chamber. It was much to their credit that they did omit so much of that character, and he only wished that, out of a regard to the reputation of Parliamentary institutions, their discretion led them to omit such things altogether. " Hansard" reporters might have personal preferences or antipathies in regard to particular members, and, therefore, their reports might be expected to be less accurate than those of newspaper re- porters, whose amenable to the control of their employers. As to reports being required for reference, the newspapers Were available for that purpose and he had repeatedly seen newspaper reports quoted in the debates of the Imperial Parliament. The Votes and Proceedings gave the ruling of the Speaker on all important questions of girder, and "Hansard" report could not be required for that purpose. The utterances of hon. members in Parliament were considered of more consequence by the public out of doors than by hon. members themselves ; but a 'stunsail" would be of no value to the public, who now perused the very accurate reports (furnished by the daily Press. He was apprehensive, it this .' Hansard " were established would have the effect of date violating the value of newspaper reports for the number of really qualified reporters was so few that all the best reporters would to employed by the Government 'or they, would report for both the newspaper and " Hansard," the latter being published as, was the case in Victoria for some time by newspaper proprietors. In this view, of the case the amount would practically go to subsidise some newspaper. £3000 would not suffice to cover all the expenditure that would be incurred. He trusted the matter would be determined without going into committee. Mr. NELSON should oppose this motion. He thought the, newspaper of this city certainly furnished full and most creditable reports of the proceedings of thisjHou>o. At the house of the hon. member he had seen a most complete record of the" proceedings of this House The Herald's reports had been clipped out and pasted in dry by day, and thus, by the systematic expenditure of a small amount of time, a -very complete record was obtained. a 'heavy volume was elegantly bound, and answered all headed purposes. If hon. members had an opportunity to correct the report of their speeches, they would often mark out one-half as being sincere cent. j Mr. FORSTER said that he would not have been unwilling to have gone into committee to discuss this matter more fully there, as was sometimes the practice in regard to other matters. He thought this was one of income questions which should be remitted to the judgment of, the.) 'electors. (Laughter.) So far as the general body of the public was concerned, it was a novel! proposition, and one that had no pressing urgency to recommend it, It might be well that the public should have an oppor- tunity of considering whether it was right that we should expend the public money in obtaining a more accurate record of our proceedings. Most of the arguments of his liver had been tolerably well ansWered. He thought it was quite unnecessary for the hon. member to direct him any personal interest in this matter. Whatever hard pjB-mfrcM might have taken place between the hon. member and him self, he had never suspected the hon. member of any intention of that kind. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member appeared to have moved in this matter from attaching an undue importance to the kind of record for which he had a partiality. 'It had been shown that substance of the rulings of the Speaker ' was already recorded in the, Votes and Proceedings The hon. member said that this record was required for hon. members had not for the public, If the public we is not to be benefited were two justified in spending public money merely for our own convenience. He should like to ! know how such a reference as could be made to, a "Hansard," could enhance the interest of the proceeding of that Assembly or increase their value to the public;'' admitting, that it would be a more authentic record than was to be found in the public papers. He thought they were bound to consider whether a rofe! snake in one case WEB so very much superior to 'together in value, as to render it their duty to expend public money to obtain that difference. Reference had been made to it remark which fell from him when this question was debated last session, which was to the effect that the Parliamentary debates were not worth recording, He intended the remark to apply to all Parliamentary de- bats whatsoever. He did not think there was any great public value in what they did, except in the results. No doubt there was a temporary convenience and advantageous discussion. ' But after the debate was over there was very little value in the speeches. Reading what great orators had said in other countries seemed to him more of a literary pleasure than the serving of tiny purpose of a public hind.' The substance of what Parliament did the results it arrived at were the really valuable part of Par. has entry proceedings, and till that was now recorded on the papers that were printed from day to day and laid on the table of the House, and the necessity for a " Hansard " was lessened by the fact of reports of the Parliamentary proceedings being furnished" in other quarters. In newspapers the substance of what was said was conveyed fairly enough. At the same time he was not one of those who denied that it was possible to furnish more accurate reports of the debates that were given by the newspapers. Although he did not desire to cast reflected upon those reports, he did not think they were so entirely accurate as to justify some of the remarks made in the course of the present debate. And he was astonished to hear some hon. members say that the reports were enhanced by the fact that they often concealed the truth. He thought the value of reports was in their substantial truth. He did not wish to be understood as making a complaint against noHspapcra. In general they reported fairly and honestly. He believed that the greater number of reporters were actuated by a sense of duty and when they made mistakes and trod upon the corns of hon. members, they did it from a mistaken opinion of dirty, or an unwise exercise of the discretion which was entrusted to them. He was far from believing, and it would not be useful to the reporters themselves if they were led to believe that they never made mistakes or did injustice sometimes. He could speak of cases in which the ova sidered he had been treated with injustice ho didnotsnv dcBigned injustice. If it was not possible to avoid report ing being done in such a way as to annoy ordispleuso certain hon. members, how were we to avoid that state of things in a " Hansard " controlled by a deliberative body such, as the Houses of Parliament in this colony 'in regard to reporters for newspapers, it was a happy cirCumstance that they were independent of that House. And whatever errors they committed it was not to a majority of the members of that House that we were compo 1. d to appeal in order to remedy those errors and to punish the reporter, if he deserved punishment. But what would be the case regard to a reporter who had to furnish a " Hansard to that HouR. He could not conceive a reporter could satisfy the wishes and aspirations of hon. members. He was the more brought to this conclusion by the extra \- ordinary remarks he had heard' during this debate from hon.'membeii'who thought it a good quality in a reporter not-to tell the truth, or to omit. certain things that were said. He thought that remarks that brought discredit' upon that House ought to be reported, in order that the error committed might be remedied in the future If such remarks were. reported in the' Hansard," the result would be, if hon members were allowed to correct their own speeches, that those remarks would be expunged, and what might hoof importance) to the public-important as enabling them to judge of the fitness of their rfcpicsentativcB-would thus he omitted from the official record. If hon. members had to correct their on n speeches, they might often entirely the character and tone of their speeches. And what benefit would the public derive from a record of that kind. It would be almost inevitable that a reporter would be swayed by the majority ; or the Ministry would very likely be favoured by a reporter in such a position as a reporter on a Hansard would hold. And when we looked at the manner in which Parliamentary government was carried on in this colony, what could we expect but that a majority of the House would insist upon sustaining a reporter if he were to give what would be considered an unfair record of the proceedings. He had seen a majority of that House expunge a portion of its proceedings. Their Standing Orders Committee had come to two diametrically opposite conclusions in regard to precisely similar cases. And that House had voted that words were Parliamentary when they were un- parliamentary. His great objection to the, proposal was not for south on the ground that it was not necessary, as that the proceedings would not be Reported so accurately and fair as these which appeared in the daily press. And it was his intention to vote against the motion. Mr. PARKES said that several questions had been glanced at which seemed to him to give to this discussion, a more than usual interest. With regard to the manner in which the reporters of this colony discharged their duty, he thought as a general rule that it was discharged in a most praiseworthy manner and he did not think that any tribute which might have been paid to their accuracy of reporting was too much. Hon. members must bear in mind the difficulties under which reports of the proceedings of Parliament were executed. The two Houses assembled between 4 and 5 o'olock in the afternoon, when the day's work of most men was ended. The sittings, whenever the debates were of importance, often continued until a late hour. The reporters had not simply to take down what was said, but to transcribe that into written language for the compositor, and they had to do that in sufficient time for the printer to set it up in type, and for it to be published by daylight in the morning. It was very difficult for any hon. member who had had no acquaintance with the technical routine of a newspaper office to see what a vast amount of difficulty was implied in that brief statement of what was to be done. And if sometimes inaccuracies occurred, even entirely miereporting expressions of the tenor of sentences, it was not surprising. Seeing that it was absolutely necessary to meet the exigencies of the printing office, and the limits of ' space in the newspaper, to abridge a large portion of what I was said, and seeing that that work of abridging must be exercised according to the individual judgment of the reporter, it was surprising that greater errors were not made. Somebody must be out down-some 1 body, must be abridged. Because not only did ? time not allow of a full report of the proceedings, but the I space of a newspaper would not permit of its being public lished. It must also be borne in mind that the reporters who represented the daily papers also represented the room medal interest of the proprietors of those papers, so far as the public were concerned and they reported, as they were justly entitled to do, what they thought would best leathers readers, or that portion of the public which were their readers. They would report what they thought would be the most interesting to the general body of the public, lend no one could complain of their acting on that principle. As to the mistakes that were committed, he might say that who had been as well reported of late years as any gentleman in the country. Hat arose from various circumstances. it arose, he supposed, rather from his having been a long time engaged in public life, and from the' accidents of his having held office, which paid a certain importance to what he had to say, than from any intrinsic value in what he said. But not miLtstiindine; there had been many instances where he had been made to say what he never intended to say, and what he was sure he never did say. However, as far as he had experience, he thought the reports in the daily he-jvspapera were, upon the whole, accurate and admirable. He did not believe that newspaper reporters were influenced by the bias of the proprietors of the papers (hear, hear) beeauEO that was impossible. Any newspaper that had a staff of reporters must have that staff organized upon a given plan, or they could not possibly do the work. That given plan involved such rapidity in taking down what was said, in the transcription of the notes, in the handing of the reports to the compositor, that there was no time, IIB a rule, for creditor or a proprietor to interfere in any way. (Hear, hear), And he dared say that the conductors of the two daily newspapers of whom he had no knowledge OF; to the way in which they conducted their buiiineEP, though he know enough of how this but nesS was conducted in 99 cases out of 100 never saw these reports until they saw them in their own papers. In the case of the London papers, reports of important debates were frequently pulled off in slips to enable leading articles to be written on the debates. That practice obtained to some extent in Melbourne, but he did not believe that it obtained here. He might be pardoned perhaps in saying that, as far as he know, the reporting of the two Houses of Parliament in this colony was in charge of men of very high personal character. He had known several of the gentlemen forming the reporting staff for years; and they were gentlemen of such high character that no possible suspicion could attach to them of misrepresenting anyone whom they were sent to report. That was his experience of these gentlemen, and he thought it must be the experience of most hon. members who had come into contact with them. He thought the value of newspaper reports had been quite under-estimated by the hon number for Illawarra. The views expressed, the principal ea laid down, the interpretations of the law given by distinguished members of the Houses of Parliament, constitute the most valuable material of all history. (Hear, hear.) It was not the more complete orations at the great orators of Parliament which were most valuable, but the skin skilled utterances of men who had acted history-who had thought largely in all national affairs - who frequently expressed themselves in on awkward way, but whose opinions on questions affecting the national progress, the laws of the country, and the relations of the country with other countries, were accepted as the most precious things with the English language possessed. It they studied any; valuable history of England they saw how largely all its views were due to those i express 'signs, of men who had taken a leading part in the ' government of England. It, might be that any of the speeches which contained thcse,irhport.tat passages nan whole would scarcely bear reading, and he imagined that there were very few persons now who read the speeches of Pitt' TMr. FORSTER: Hear, hear, while there were a large number of persons who read the speeches of Grattan-not because they were of more importance than Piit'B, not because they entered more into the history of the nation, but simply because they were more readable and fitly. But historians would go to the speeches of the great Minister Pitt notwithstanding. He should think it probable that the speeches of that great living orator John Bright would be read as long as .' Paradise Lost "- as long as the English language lasted ; but historians would pass him by and go to the speeches of ' Sir Robert Peel or Lord Palmerston to make up their corn relations or histories. Then he might point out what he intended to have said when speaking of the difficulties of reporting-that reporters would have their favourite speakers. [Mr. FORSTER : Hear, hear.] He did not mean that they would have a personal preference for the speakers ; but just as carpen- ter would have favourite woods to work upon, and just as the artist had favourite materials and favourite subjects, as the reporter had a favourite speaker, because he was more easy to report. So he thought reporters would prefer to report Bright rather than Gladstone because one spoke in less involved sentences than the other. Any speaker who spoke in involved sentences would be followed with greater difficulty than one who did not. He remembered an instance himself of one of the best reporters in the colony who was in his employ, who gave him a verbatim report of a speech of one of the most brilliant speakers that had ever appeared in that House. He owner Mr. J. B. Darvall. I Yet in that speech there was not a single sentence complete That defect in the speaker would not be observed by the bearer, But the reporter had to amend every sentence to make it readable. And that was frequently the case with very eminent speakers. He entirely concurred in the drift of the observations made by the mover of this resolution be to the value of what was said in this House that if the proceedings of this House were not worth reporting that was a great evidence of the worthlessness of the House. But he did not believe that the representatives of the people said nothing worth preserving. He had frequently heard speeches delivered by gentlemen opposed to him that he should like to have seen permanently preserved. It was a matter of sincere regret to him that they had not had the speeches of Mr. Wentworth preserved to them. But that was owing to the fact that the reporters of that day were not competent to report him verbatim. If the present dingo of the representatives of the people were worth reporting they were worth preserving, just in the same way as the proceedings of the House of Commons and the House of Lords were worth preserving as materials for the history of the country the only thing in fact to which reference could be made in future years as to how the wings of the country were managed whether for good or evil. He did not attach very much importance to the action one way or the other, but he thought the arguments were entirely in favour of the expenditure. He had already given his idea of the accuracy of the newspapers parts, and so far as he was concerned, they were sufficient for him. It had been argued that it was sought to substitute for these newspaper reports those official reports. That was not what was meant at nil. The hon. member for the Tumut had said that if they supported this official report which would require three or four good reporters, they would necessarily impair the reporting staff of the colony. According to all the principles by which human affairs were guided, he should think it would be a step towards making the reporting staff more efficient, because the creation of several cities with a salary of £460 or £600 limit have the effect of attracting young men of talent. Then it was said that the publication of the official report would have the effect of im- pairing the ' value of the newspaper report. He southward would have just the contrary effect. It would make the newspaper "i reports . more correct, and more reliable. If there were an official and authorized report the newspapers would be compelled to have accurate reports, or they would lose in their reputation. At present a tie newspaper proprietors had no means i of testing the accuracy of the reports furnished by their reporters but the "Hansard" would furniSh that means. Then, the "Hsnsaid':-which he thought to be a most ridiculous name to give the official record would never be regarded as a substitute for the newspapers. Only some 600 copies would be printed, whereas the newspapers ear emulated by many thousands. It would not circulate among the people like the newspapers ; but it would have this value that it would be deposited in the chief libraries of the colony to enable, all the more intelligent of the constituent bodies to refer w what their representatives had done, which could hardly be done in Sydney, where the reports were buried in newspapers and would be on almost impossible taskoutsidsl Sydney. He supposed that every hon. member would admit that it was important, under parliamentary government, that the people should have a true knowledge of what their representatives did. If this were admitted, then | the bringing into existence of this official records would be the best means possible of affording that information. This record would be valuable for writers upon all subjects which engaged the attention of Parliament, in magazines or histories, as it would enable them to show the real bearings of public opinion upon political questions. The hon. member for Illawarra seemed to have misapprehended the method of carrying any plan of this kind into execution. The hon. gentleman seemed to think it would be impossible to obtain correct reports. But that was disproved at once by the fact that they obtained correct reports in the sister colony of Victoria, where they had most accurate official records of the proceedings of their Legislature, and their " Hansard " would compare favourably with that issued by the Imperial Parliament. It was admirably conducted and a perfectly satisfactory publication. They never heard complaints of want of accuracy in the reports, or of partial treatment. And the Victoria official reports had produced greater accuracy in the newspaper reports those of the Argus being equal in that respect to any in the world. If this resolution were passed, he was inclined to think that the conductors of this " Hansard" ought to be placed in an absolutely independent position. They ought not to be amenable either to Parliament or any department of Government. They ought to be amenable only to the general authority of the Government combining both the Executive and the Legislature in performing their duty efficiently and accurately. The speakers should not have the privilege of altering the speeches by adding passages which were never delivered, or omitting passages which had been delivered. The speeches ought only to be given up for corrections of a verbal character. He was inclined to think that the official report would be of value not to them. To him it would be a nuisance if he had to correct his speeches. He did not think it would be of value to any particular morn her ; but he was quite sure it would be of great advantage to the public if it were placed in accessible situations, such as in all libraries of a public character, where it could be , consulted with convenience by those who were desirous of informing themselves of the truth of the debates in Par , liament. If it answered any such purpose as this the expense would be a trifling consideration. There was one other reason why it was desirable that we should possess such a record as this, and it was that we were now the only colony in the Australian group that did not possess it. In Victoria they had one, as he had said, equal to that of the Imperial Parliament. In Queensland they had a publication nearly equal to that of Victoria. New Zealand had an official report got up in a very credit- , able manner and the same thing applied to South Australia. The only colony that did not possess a "Hansard" WB Tasmania and seeing that the whole of these colonies were now laying the foundation for what would be the history of this continent, woohould be come- mitting an error unless we contributed our quota of information as to how parliamentary government was conducted here. He should vote for the motion without attaching importance to it as affecting the newspaper reports, Those reports may still be relied upon to furnish the speeches of hon. gentlemen to their constituents, whilst the " Hansard " would be of value in the several ways he had pointed out, as well as in making the newspaper reports more accurate that they were at present A Mr. GREVILLE would endeavour by a few practical remarks to bring the House back to the real question at issue, from which hon. members had widely wandered. These questions were, first-Waa a "Hansard" noctM try 'it And then, if necessary, would it be at too great a cost for us to bear 'i The hon. mover had said that it was not his intention to have a verbatim report of members Speeches, consequently they would have to be content with a code used report. "That being so, had there been any evidence adduced to show that the present reports were insufficient ? It had been asserted that they were either granted or unreliable. Had they any reason to believe that if the House had a staff of its own, that staff would discharge its duties in a more efficient manner than was done at present - On the contrary, there was every reason to believe that the report t ring would not be done so well as by a Staff" regulated by the proprietor of a daily paper. If they were to have condensed reports it would be far better to rely on the reports furnished by people who were accountable to the proprietor of the paper, who knew very well that his property would suffer in ho inserted incorrect reports. If they were to have a Parliamentary staff who was to supervise its Was it to be under a head responsible to no one, or if to any one to the head of the Government only ? If that were so this gentleman would be sure to regard the Government as his patrons, and to deviate from the right path in their favour. Such, however, would not be the case with the newspaper reporter, who know well that his proprietor was watch- ing but every action. The hon. gentleman said also that the reports in the daily papers were extremely accurate, and he would ask hon. members what more than this they could possibly require. Coming now to the practical question of the expense. The motion specified a sum of £3000 as the expense of the work, and for this they were to have reported superior to those published in the Herald, But did any one suspect that the Parliamentary reporting of the friend was done for £3000 a year is They had arisen from the floor of the House the array of gentlemen taking their places in the gallery one after the other ; whilst the Parliamentary stuff was to consist of, three reporters. Could they not see that if they wanted a report equal to that of the Herald they must employ the same number of reporters, for a report equal to that of the Herald could not be obtained except at the same expense. He had sufficient faith in the astuteness of the proprietors of the Herald to know that they would not employ the number of reporters they did if the work could be done by three. He had just been looking over the evidence given in Queensland before the select emu- mittee on the " Hansard" there. The Government printer in his evidence said that the cost of producing a "Hansard," would average £12 16s. per night. At that rate the cost of printing the proceedings of our last session of Parliament would have amounted to £2014, without reporting. The Government printer was also asked whether a ,'! Hansard " could be made popular if it were printed daily and whether in that case the people would buy it, and he answered very decidedly no to both questions. Mr. Barlee, the head of the reporting staff, was also examined, and stated that with three reporters nothing but a condensed report could be furnished, and that even then the columns of the newspapers had to be referred to for assistance, speeches being taken out in their entirety and verbally altered. . If thou reporters were insufficient in Queensland, it was hardly likely that they would be sufficient here. Mr.' Barlee further said that to bring out a daily " Hansard " he would require a staff of eight reporters, " but, he, said " I would have two of them- juniors to put on to report the less important speakers in the debate." Thus, this gentleman took upon himself to determine who was and who was not an important Speaker, and to deal with him accordingly and if we had a reporting staff here they would have to put up with the same thing. He thought it unnecessary to go any deeper into the question, for he thought the few plain facts he had placed before them had opened the eyes of hon. members to a correct view of the case. ' ' Mr. STEWART was anxious to know for what purpose this " Hansard " was required, for the accounts were to conflicting that it was impossible to come at the truth, The hon. mover had told them that such a work would be of no use to the public, but would be valuable to 'non' members; whilst the hon. Premier asserted that the "Hansard" would be a nuisance to hon. members, but of immense value to the public, and more particularly to the horde ' of ' compilers of history who were about to invade us. Then it was to be' of great use to the electors, by showing them what their representatives said but the hon. Premier gave the constituencies credit for more industry than they possessed. They had as a general rule no desire to know what their members said, but they wanted to know what he did and how he voted, and that information they could get from the records of the House. Then it was asserted that an official record was required to enable newspaper proprietors to see whether their reporters were accurate or not but this was not required, for if any great mistakes were made ? the proprietors would very soon hear of them. The hon. Premier also said that this House was engaged in making history, and therefore the sayings of hon. members ought to be recorded, for what was worth reporting was worth preserving. He thought the hon. Premier wrong there, for though the people outside were anxious each morning to know what had been said the night before, yet at the end of the week they would not care one pin about it. Nothing was less interesting or valuable than an old newspaper. Besides, if anything were required to be found it was easily to be searched out in the newspapers, without a special record being provided for the purpose. Mr. WEBB said it appeared to him that the hon. mover had not proved his case, for he had not shown that any great or paramount advantage was to be gained from having a more correct report of the speeches than that furnished by the newspapers. Instead of that the hon. gentleman told them that only a condensed report would be furnished for the expenditure, thus showing that no advantage whatever was to be gained from it. Then the proposed staff were! to take down only such portions of the speeches 39 they might think desirable and if this were done it would be much better to depend for a correct report upon the reporters of the public Press, who were independent, than to have to rely upon a paid officer of the Government. It mattered not to him how impartially the official reporters' might be desirous of performing their duty, if they rd- ' mained in this Home for a considerable length of time they would naturally feel a leaning to one side or the' other, and their reports would, to a certain extent, be tinged by the sentiments they entertained. There would be no. incentive to official reporters tytakoacewat^wpdrta,' Been as newspaper reporters had. The expenditure was unnecessary, and would be wasteful in the extreme. It might be a very unfortunate thing for those future com- offers of history, who were expected to seen the sayings of hon.'" members, that there was no ,,',Hàiiâarcl"vreport of the debates respecting the ghost which appeared a few years ago, of the Colonial " Secretary's speeches last session in -reference -to the Goulburn, Volunteers, the release of Gardiner, and of those remarkable speeches delivered at the close of last session in which the hon. member bespattered his opponents with all the filth that he could scrape up-this might be unfortunate for the future historian, but it was just as well for the country that things should remain as they were Mr. JOHN ROBERTSON could see that there was much to be said both for and against the establishment of a " Hansard." For himself he thought it was quite trouble enough to make speeches without having the responsibility of reading and correcting them in the morning, or allowing them to pass SB absolutely accurate. He had no wish to be called upon to revise his deliverance-! nor was he desires that they should go forth as correct in the absence of revision. He agreed with hon. members who said that the reports of debates in this chamber were very accurate considering the difficulties under which they were made. The omission of a single word due, perhaps, to some defect of speech, some want of perspicuity, or some interruption changed the whole tenor of what was said. His speech on the Mining Regulations the other night was wonderfully well reported, but the omission of a single letter destroyed the sense of some thirty or forty lines of the report. Instead of the " gold" regulations" the report made him speak of the " old " regulations, and it would appear to any one reading that report that he had been cracking up the old, which were his own regulations. He took no exception to the ability of the gentlemen who reported in this House, to their desire to report fairly or to their general accuracy, but he did not think that it should be put forward that these reports were accurate, or that hon. members should be held responsible for the utterances attributed to them. He did not think it was a matter of very much consequence what became of this motion; hut on the whole, it was just as well to let matters remain as they were. Mr. GARRETT said that as we had a daily Press which did as a rule accurately report all the sense of what was said in this House, and a good deal of the nonsense too, the hon. mover had entirely failed to make out any case of necessity. The question of cost, therefore, could not arise. , If at the time Hansard" was commenced in England there had been such an efficient and free Press as existed now they would never have droamedofhavinga"HnnBard." [Mr COMBES: ThDEnglish"Hansard"isaprivatesppculation.] ! He could not see that there would be any advantage what j ever in establishing a " Hansard." Such a record would not be so independent, and could not, therefore, be so reliable, JOB newspaper reports which were beyond Parliamentary control. The daily Press had never abused their power ; l and if by accident or any other cause they misrepresented tan hon. member, he could always set himself right by i sending his own version for publication. Our experience as a Legislature ought to lead us to avoid taking cognizance of the published reports of Parliamentary debates, for our own records had been mangled by the order of this House. ! If a damaging speech made against the head of the Govern- 'ment were reported the hon. member would come down with his majority and order it to be expunged. (Hear, hear.) That was exactly similar to what the hon, member did in ¡thecaeeiif the conspiracy report. [The hon. member read the report of the select committee and the resolutions which were passed by the House having reference to it, in the same w-ay,hecontended,matters would be suppressed I from "Harjsord" by force of numbers. What could be more interesting to the future historian than to read over the proceedings of Parliament at the very rise of the colony into national life. And the historian could find that on the proceedings as they were printed in the present time, and in the newspapers. But it would be dangerous to have records if they were to be dealt with in the way that other records of the House had been dealt with or attempted to be dealt with. It would be a waste of (the people's, money to publish a" Hansard" to gratify the vanity of hon. members. ; Mr. LUCAS said there could not be a doubt that an official record of the proceedings of that House was very desirable. But the question was whether it would be (worth 3000 a-year. It would not interfere with the newspaper reports. 'A " Hansard " would not got into the hands of the people, and they would still look to the newspapers for reports of what Parliament did. Then he thought the publication of a >. Hansard " would lend to improved reports in the newspapers, because a comparison could then be made; and when newspaper reporters were lex in their duty, it would soon he detected. But he thought £3000 could be better expended on some public works than in procuring an official record of the debates of that House. And therefore, although he admitted that a Hansard " would be useful, he thought the money could be spent to better advantage, and he should vote against the motion. I Mr. JACOB thought it would he useless to go into committee. Enough had been said on the matter to enable the House to come to a division and as he had heard no arguments in favour of the motion to lead him to change the opinion he held, he should vote against the motion. Mr. COOPER, in reply, referred first of all to the report referred to by the hon. member for Camden, Mr. Garrett, and he contended that the expurgation of that report from the official records of the House was a very proper proceeding. That expurgation took place in the teeth of the Government. With regard to future historians seeking information from the Sydney Morning Herald, the task would be too herculean for any historian to enter upon. Admitting that newspaper reports were fairly accurate, he did not think it dignified or proper that that House should depend upon the caprice of a newspaper proprietor for a record of its debates. The hon. member for East Macquarie had repeated the stock argument that what was said in that House was not worth reporting. But he had not heard one single argument come from the hon. member. The hon. member's speech contained nothing but abuse of the Colonial Secretary. If there was one thing which would lead him to believe that a "¡HniiEiird " was not necessary, it was the speech of the hon. member. The personalty he indulged in was perfectly sickening ; and a "Hansard" would be worse than useless if it recorded such speeches. But he was proud to think that there were many hon. members in that House who would use argument fairly and temperately. He had heard nothing in this debate against this motion, except the commercial one of expense. The hon. member (Mr. Stewart) spoke of the uselessness of the English " Han said." But the hon. member was a great admirer of Buckle ; but could Mr. Buckle ever have written that history of her if it had not been for the " Hansard." And could Herbert Spencer have written the works he had done if there had been no " Hansard " for him to refer to Although the sentiments he uttered might be valueless BOW and not worth reporting, they would be of use to future generations, because they would help to show the tone of thought which has prevailed. He maintained. that real practical business benefits would result from having such a record as he now asked for. He maintained that it was-to the interest of those who came after us that the practice of Parliament should be uniform, and founded upon proper principles ; but if you deprived them of the basis upon which that proof ties and those principles wcrefoùtded, how could uniformity be (expected. The hon. member for Camden (Mr. Garrett) said that the votes and proceedings, BE now printed, furnished a sufficient and proper record. But he (Mr. Cooper) maintained that they were useless as records. For instance, a rOcmbor might be in favour of a certain question, but it might he put in such a way that he could not vote with the ayes. The hon. member for Braidwood had referred to the cost. He had showed that the cost could not exceed £3000. He contended that it was useless to make, a comparison between a "Hansard" and the news parlers, because there was so much that was dis arriving in the time of getting up their reports. The hon. member quoted at length from a Queensland publication, but that, was only applicable to a daily " Han hard,'.' and not to such a one us, they proposed. to establish. Thence he had little hope that this motion would he carrica he believed that the House would soon see the necessity; of a publication of the kind. He considered the argument of expense a most pitiful one. If the, thing was right it ought to be done without reference to cost. There would be no solid progress in the country if those pitiful considerations were allowed to prevail. The question was put and negatived. ' , ! - "Ayes, to. ' - *' ' - Mr Paris Mr. Abbott " Mr. Cooper'! Lloyd ' Allen' " " Baker )' " Fuibcrland O'connor . [Tellers. Farnell -'" .? . Cunneen,, , -, I'ii <.' Noes 24: A ' . i r n,, Lucas ' Mr, Bennett -Mr Driver . 'sister i Macintosh ". Binjie! ' turns . Fitzpatrick's &; u. Hiiith >? Webb Moses ' ,, Lackey Piddington Wearne , Hoskins Scholey Levy I ' Watton. Barrell Clarke Stewart Hurley (Nar.) Walden Garrett } J " " " " i Tellers. PAine For : Mr. Moore, Mr. Taylor. Against : Mr. ?'NeltoD; Mr. Greville. ? - - ADMINISTRATION OF THE LANDS ACTS. , Mr. CUNNEEN moved,-" 1. That a select committee he appointed, with power to send for persons and papers, to inquire into, and report upon, the administration and working of the Crown Lands Alienation and Occupation Acts of 1861. 2. That such committee consist of Mr. Farnell, Mr. John Robertson, Mr. Macleay, Mr. Creed, Mr. Garrett, Mr. Hay, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Lucas, Mr, Tunks, and the mover. 3. That the progress reports and evidence on the same subject, laid upon the table of this House, and ordered to be printed on the 6th August, 1872, the 24th of April, 1873, and the 24th June, 1874, he referred to the said committee." He hoped that the committee would he in a position to report finally upon this question before the session concluded. Mr. BAKER hoped that the labours of this committee would he concluded during the present session, as legis, tion upon this subject was practically interfered with by- the questions being before a select committee. The motion was put and carried. - ' APPOINTMENTS TO THE COMMISSION OF THE PEACE Mr.F0R8TERmoved,-"Thatthere be laid upon the the table of this House copies of all correspondence having reference to the recent recommendations by the Police Magistrate or other persons for the appointment of persons in the district of Queanbeyan to the Commission of the Peace, and to any appointment or appointments made in consequence." He would be willing to extend the terms of this motion so as to include correspondence on the same subject from other districts, if hon. members desired. But the principal object in asking for these papers was to call the attention of the House to the course taken by the Government in regard to the appointments of magistrates. He thought this course was exceedingly ill-judged and not likely to lead to the" advantages which the Government expected It appeared that it had been the practice lately, of the present Government to send, circulars to magistrates before appointing them to the commission of the peace, of which the following were extracts: The Colonial Secretary, has lately had his attention called to the fact that a large number of gentlemen holding the commission habitually neglect their duties BE magistrates, and he has determined, for the future, not to advise the appointment of any person who is not prepared to give a fair amount of attention to the business of the Bench in the district wherein he relates." I am directed to ask whether, in this view of the position and duties of the magistrate, you are Willing- to accept appointment to the commission." It appeared to him that such a circular as this seemed to have been ill considered, and it would have the effect of deterring some of the most suitable man possibles from appointment to the commission of the peace. He could not help, 'saying the other day that Mr. Osborne did perfectly right in l taking no notice of of this insulting circular. the did not say that the Government intended any such thing ; but it showed an utter want of knowledge of the feelings of done no man who would undertake a duty of this land. As a rule, the best men were not those most anxious for appointment to a position on the commission of the peace it was those why wtroleiiBt fitted who were most anxious, and the Guvoin unaware pestered with applications (from such persons. Sending such a circular as this really meant the asking such persons whether, if appointed, they would do the duty or not. Surely it was enough if a magistrate took the oath that was all that could be nskedotany niece. It would be as reasonable to ask the Colonial Secretary before his appointment whether he would perform the duties of the office. It was said that this course was followed because of the failure of old members of the comuiiii>ion of the peace to perform the duties devolving upon them. But how could addressing a letter to the new members alter the conduct of the others. It was never intended that a distant magistrate should attend no frequently as one who lived near to a Bench for in his experience, he had found that without attending a Bench at all the very presence of a good magistrate in any portion of the colony was of itself beneficial to the public service. He did not question the honest intentions of the Government in issuing the circular, but still he could not but regard it as an injudicious act, as calculated to deter good and suitable men from accepting the office. Mr. PARKES said that the Government had no objection to produce the papers, though he would have preferred that the debate had been deferred until the whole papers were before the House. He must, however, confess he , inability to see wherein the insult lay- certainly not in the extract of the circular which he had read to the " House in answer to the hon. member's question. ! It seemed to him' not an indelicate thing to ask a gentle ' man seeking appointment as a magistrate if he was pro i pared to give up the necessary time for the performance of the duties of the office and when the Government were being continually addressed by persons complaining of the failure of justice through the disinclination to Bench duties i of gentlemen who had been appointed to the Commission of the Peace, it was time that something should be done. What the Government asked was that the gentlemen should be prepared to give a fair amount of attention to their Bench duties and he thought he one would say that any gentleman should be appointed who was not prepared to do this. His attention had been called to the matter by a return which he had required to be sent him from every Bench in the colony; and he learnt from this that there were many gentlemen' who did not attend at all-not because they were not able to attend, but because there happened to be some gentlemen attending the Bench with whom they would not sit. As one means of avoiding the appointment of men seeking the office merely for social position, the Government had determined upon this circular, pointing out to magistrates what was expected from them, and if they were prepared to accept the position on those terms. With regard to the particular case in question, he would point out that four persons were recommended by the police magistrate and another magistrate, that other magistrate) being the father of one of the gentlemen recommended. That alone was sufficient to show that more than ordinary inquiry was needed. Then, again, two of the gentlemen recommended were brothers, both unobjectionable gentlemen, but still the family connexion was sufficient to give cause for inquiry. And it must be remembered that by far the greater number on persons recommended were entirely unknown to the Minister responsible for the appointments, and that thus it was impossible at times to escape. He could not see that any insult was conveyed in the circular, and he know that it had not been so considered by men of the highest position and capability for the appointment. The step had been taken with the single desire to guard against any rash or ill-considered appointments to the Commission of the ' peace. , Mr. FITZPATRICK did not see that thocijoular was worthy of the condemnation it had received at the hands of the hon. member for Illawarra, though if it had rested with him it never would have been issued, for it was open to this objection, that whilst it would not insult a man who sought the commission for the honour, it would be likely to wound the feelings of a sensitive man, who might, though most suitable, be disinclined to accept the , office if coupled with any conditions whatever. Mr AVE iiB could not see any great objections to the) circular, for he himself had known actual conspiracies amongst magistrates not to assist in Bench duties so long as some certain person took a part in the proceedings. On this ground alone the Government were justified in obtain, ing a distinct promise from every gentleman prior to his appointment to the commission. " Mr FORSTER replied. The motion was agreed to. t,, . ! ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH GUARANTEES' ,: ' Mr. FORSTER moved,-" That there be laid upon the . table of this House a return of all applications to the Government for the establishment of an electric telegraph in regard to which the Government have required appear mary guarantee from private individuals, showing in each case whether or not such guarantee was undertaken, the names of the guarantors, the amount,guaranteed,,,th» amount annually paid since by each guarantor in pursuance of, any such guarantee, the names of every person who has failed, or refused, or not been called upon by the Government to pay, and whatever rW ans there. may' be, for the course taken by the Government of J. Mr. PARKES did not object to the roturh»oxcap't on the ground of the cost which it would entail in its preparation. Mr. FITZPATRICK thought that the whole system of guarantees was fallacious and as a rule the bonds given to " ' a Government would not be enforced. ' Mr. GARRETT thought that the principles guarantees! I had worked beneficially, ,,,,,. ,. The resolution was agreed to , T< 'it " The House adjourned at nineteen minutes before 11 '." o'clock, until 4 o'clock the following day:' '.i" 