TOOWOOHDA CIRCUIT 00UR1'. Btfort Mr. Jutlke lAttey, Monday, July 27. Thk winter sitting of tliU Court was opened in Toowoomba on'-Mpaday Wit/ the following legal gentlemen being prosdlt i-r/Hie-Hon. the Attorney General, the Crown 'Solicitor, aud the Hon. K. Priog. Messrs. E. W. Pechey and W. Crawford were sworu in as magistrates of the territory, John Hart was charted that, at Ounnfimnlla. on tbe 31st May lust, be did commit an abominable and unlawful crime. Tbe evidence given by Mr F. Lord, storekeeper, of CunnamuUa, aud by Senior- Constable Byrne, ftaa of a meagre description, and the jury retunied a ver dict of notmiilty. Philip MHxarifk -was charged that, at Quilbury station, on tbe 11th Mav last, ho did foloniouslv shoot at — with intent to kill — one Sampson, a South Sea Islander ; a second count charged the pri soner with maliciously wounding the said Sampson. Mr Pring, Q.C., for the prUouer. A jury having been sworn, the Attorney-General opened the case. William Binge deposed : In May last I was in the employ of Mr Geary, of Quilbury Btation ; on the morning of the 11th May 1 was in the hut with Sampson and prisoner ; Sampson and prisoner had an altercation about some breakfast ; Sampson came for his breakfast aud I gave it to him ; he came a little time afterwards aud asked for some uiure ; prisoner said, ' Do not give him any mure;' I re plied, ' Sampson is working with me, and I will feed him ;' JSaxpson then turned round to prisoner, and said, ' You hava nothing to do with me, too muchee you starve the other blackfellow — I am Jackey'a mate; and I will take his part ;' an alterca tion followed ; Sampson was cutting his broad aud beef ; be beld up the knife in hu baud, and paid, ' By the Holy Ghost old man if you go on like that I will cook. you';' I told Sampson to go out of the hut ; both Saoipson and prisoner left the hut, pri soner saying, 'I will defend myself ;' ho went to his own hut and brought out a double barrelled gun ; he returned to the hut carrying tho gun with the butt on bis hip ; Sampson was standing near the doorway outside the hut ; his shirt was open at the breast, and be told prisoner to ' fire ;' he said, ' I am not frichtened, supposing you shoot me I die ;' prisoner then walked into the but; Sampson said, ' You got gun, I get gun too ;' he went -lown to the aboriginals camp and brought up a gun ; tie came to the door of the hut aud looked in ; he said, 'Now old man you shoot, I am ready ;' Sampson wtnt backwards from tho hut into the road with the gun presented at prisoner ; the prisoner's gun was pro lented at Satntuon at the aame time : I was stand ing between the two in the line of tire ; I moved on one side, and Sampson moved with me ; from this position I could not see prisoner as he stood in the uoor, but I could see about eighteen inches of the barrel of the gun ; Sampson came towards mo, and I put out my hand to take hold of his gun when pruoner fired ; -Sampson turned towards me ; the bulk of the charge passed between me and Sampson ; We were about eighteen inches apart ; prisoner was not one of the station hands ; he usually had his meals at tbe hut, but did not live there ; when pii sioner fired Sampson fell ; I examined him after wards ; a great many shots had pierced his throat aud breast, and the collar of his shirt was shot away ; shots bad passed through tbe gullet ; I gave him drink, and a portion came through the gullet ; I eiauiued Sampson'B gun after the occurrence ; it was neither charged nor capped ; I also examined prisoner1* Run ; the left hand barrel was discharged, and the right band was charged. Cross-examined by Mr Pnug : Quilbury is an out station of Claverton Downs ; Sampson and au abori ginal were servants of Mr Geary, Sampson buing engaged in fencing with me, and the aboriginal was employed in looking after horses ; 1 aad Sampson used to come borne Saturday nights and -;o back on Monday ; the shooting took place on Monday ; t never told prisoner that Sampson and the aboriginal bad a down on him ; the rations we were using were not the property of prisoner ; prisoner said on the Sunday that the aboriginal was not working, ami he would not give him rations ; I cannot say whether Sampson wanted to take the food to the aboriginal ; SampBun had taken his breakfast ; he might have wanted more ; I am no judge of his appetite ; pri souer said, in the course of the altercation, ' If you give mo any of your lip I will shoot you ;' Sampson was in a passion. John Alexander Stacy deposed : On the 11th May last I was at Quilbury ; 1 saw prisoner and Sampson quarrelling on that day ; I saw prisoner standing at the door of the hut with a gun in bis hand, and Sampson outside with a knife in his hand ; I heard Sampson say to prisoner, 'Come outside, you old ? , aud I will rip your cuts out ;' prisoner went Inside ; he did not come outside ; I then saw Samp son go to his camp and fetch a single barrelled gun ; he stood in front of tbe door ; he said, ' 'tipose you no shoot I shoot 'em you ;' within a minute a (gun was lined from the inside of the hut ; I was fcbmd my waggon when the tiring took place ; after the gun was tired 1 saw Sampson stagger ; there were a few scratches on the chin anil throat ; there was a little wound on tho chin, which I fancy was caused by the wind from the shot ; tho skin was grazod oft'; tbe grazing was caused by the wind. Cross-examined by Mr Priug -. S&uipson; was in a great passion when he was flourishing tbe knife ; prisoner never came outside the hut after I -first noticed the disturbance ; ho might have gone for his gun previously. This was the ense for tbe Crown. Mr Priug then delivered au able and pertinent speech in the prisoner's defence, and His Honor summed Dp in his usually clear and concise manner, the utmost silence preradlag duritig the delivery of the charge. The jory then retired, and alter an absence of five minutes, returned with a verdict of not guilty. itkhanl William William* was tbon charged that, on the 19th April hurt, at ttoma, he did feloniously set fire to a dwelling house, in which at the time of tbs firing were John Kanty, Ann Kanty, and John Simpson. A second count charged the prisoner with setting fire to the house. The prisoner was undefended. William Henry Noakes deposed t Ou the 19th April last I was in the yard of Kanty.'s hotel, Boma ; I know tbe prisoner ; I saw prisoner in the yard about half-past I o'clock on the afternoon of that day ; I waa leaning on the fenoe of the yard when 1 heard footsteps, and saw prisoner running across the yard j when I saw him fint he had bis back towards the stable : he was about half-way across the yard at the bade of the kitchen ; he was Mine from the premises in the direction of the street ; I looked towards the publio house and saw ?moke coning through the shingles at the point where the roof rested on the wall-plate; 1 ran to tin place when I saw the smoke, and found the bedding and paper lining on fire ; the curtaius bad been MBSumed ; there was a great crowd of people inthshotuw; the stables are built end on to tbe house. Stodsiiek Simpson deposed t I was at Kanty'e hotel on the 49th April last; 1 had a conversation with prisoner about 11 o'clock in the morning; he said be bad jiven Mr Kanty a five pound note for which he hsH only reoeiv*dohsns« for one pound; he said he comudsMd biauelf robbed by MrKanty, aad that he would ofebim a serious injoty before be Me Roma; f laughed Sum as I thought he was only joking ; afire broke c^M* toe premises in the afternoon t I assisted in ptflKas the fire out ; a portion of tbe paper-hanging, ^he bedding, and ronutoreN(as burnt' ? ?' Cross-exaoiiceu b* prisoner.' The oonvetsatton oocurrsd under the Wandab $ 'Kanty w«s in the bars Idoaotlwowirtareyowwere wb*n the fire broke out. ' ' ,-* -j' '. . . John KtatedepottdflM a hotel-keeper residing in Roma; prWaer.iBlaiiMBy hbow en the 18th; April tastj jiiKpSr placj in ^a» hotel on tbe rooming at tbtlSthi itftwthe fire first front the. stable^ I nn to tbe house and aaw my wife and a nan trying *o put cut the Jire; ttie beds, the lioiugrf «*AoM, tbe walls, and the shingles warn on ftrej tfta^Mroom waswaatod in the centre ofc the buodiax-t {rpm-information I received I went' after jpfattK&i; horsebaok, and overtook hi* on the mwSS^m ; I said to him, ' WilliamaT^ou toMtaff^c«CaBa' said,, he would pMlce up tbe damage in a au5nth-»--au namelGfcesou was wUhm*»t«ilifiB»t,ptf*W«n-ent back with me and I gave him in ohttge to ooustotts OarroL Cross-examined by prisoner : You bought a nit of doths* ISff a WaleE at toy house thtfday : yon had, dinner. «nd .afterwards weBt to the bedmom tuajt wa» afterwards discovered on fire; I did not Itoejiu go into this bedroom mystilf. - ' ? . ' t%MuTee*6ii,'dj«iinsi;d : .1 w^«*t Kanty '« on the Tiayof tbetTre; laawpioonei there in tut wow ing ; I saw him at M'Kenta'a public buuae after the firo, I «*id to him, ' la it tmo that you set Kanty** house on fire ;' he replied, ' Ko it is not ;' I told hiiu be had better go bait and see Kaut.y, but lie said b» would nut ; 1 went and told Kanty of the eircuuntauoe, aiul-in cdjupaiiy with him 1 went in pursuit -of prisoner; be was -afterwsards taken in custody l-y Constable Qarrol. Constable Carrol deposed to the apprehension of prisoner, and to the otmdition of the bedroom after, the lire had been extinguished. TUs was the oaae for tho Crown. His Honor having carefully reviewed the evidence and ojpJaiucd tbe law o[ (Jia case, the jury retired at half-past 4 o'clock, aud returned at tweuty minutes to S with a verdict of not guilty. The Court then adjourned. 