? BY R L FAKJEON, Author of "Grip," "Joshua Marvel," "London's Heabt," "Bread and Cheese and Kisses," "Blade O' Grass," and "Golden Grain." [The exclusive right of publishing "Jessie Trim" in South Australia has been purchased by the Proprietors of this paper. J CHAPTER II I AM FRIGHTENED OF MY SHADOW. Have already mentioned the name of the servant whom my grandmother brought with berjto our house—it was Jane Painter. She had been with my grandmother for many years from girlhood, I believe, and she was now about thirty years of age. In appearance she; was a thin, sharp-featured, pale-faced woman; in manners she was a viciously minded creature, fond of pinching children on the sly in tender places, assuming the while, to deceive observers, an expression of amiability, which intensified the malignity of her conduct. From the moment she entered our house she became the enemy of every person in it, and waged open and secret war upon all of as. Her service with my grandmother had been a very easy one; but things were different when her mistress changed her residence. She had to do double the work to that to which she had been accustomed, and, as we were the direct cause of this, she was not sIow in showing resentment. My mother, patient as she always was, made light of the woman's infirmities of temper, believing that she was necessary to my grandmother; Jane Painter herself, however, declined to accept the olive-branch which my mother held out to her, and would certainly not have remained in the house but for one inducement. This was made clear to ns a very few days after the change. My mother had occasion to Remonstrate with her for some piece of impertinence, and Jane Painter came into my grandmother's room in a fury, and demanded to know if she was to be treated like a galley-slave. My mother stood quietly by, listening to the servant's complainings. Said my grandmother— You must do what my daughter desires you to do, Jane. I told her you would help her in the house." "I won't be ordered about as if I was a galley-slave !" exclaimed Jane Painter, gasping. "O, Jane!" remonstrated my mother. "Don't O Jane me!" and then followed the unreasoning argument, "I'm flesh and blood the same as you are!" "Jane," said my grandmother, "I mustn't be worried; my nerves won't stand it. I shan't be here long, and yon know what I have promised you. Whose servant am I—yours or hers ?" "Mine, Jane, and a very good servant yon'pe been. I hope for your own sake you are not going to be different now." "Haven't I served yon faithfully?" asked Jane Painter, sobbing herself into a quieter emotional stage. "Yes, Jane, yes; and you shall be remembered for it." Haven't I waited on you hand and foot t" Yes, Jane, yes; and you shall be remembered" "When you was took bad with the spasms," blubbered Jane, "didn't I stop up witbyou all night till I was fit to drop?" "Yes, Jane, and I haven't forgotten you for it. You shall be remembered, 1 tell you." By being remembered my grandmother meant that Jane Painter was set down in her will for a certain portion of the contents of her long stocking; and but for this inducement it was pretty clear that Jane Painter would have taken her departure. The war she waged against as from this time was passive but bitter. I, as the recognised heir to the long stocking, and as being likely, therefore, to diminish, her portion, came in for the largest share of her ill-temper and animpsity, and she showed much ingenuity in deviang means to torment me. Parting my hair on the wrong side, brushing it into my eyes rubbing the soap in my mouth and only half wiping my face after I was washed, battening my cloths awry, running pins into me, feolding me suspended by one arm as we went down stairs—these were the smallest of my sufferings. An incident, laughable in itself but exceedingly painful in its effect upon me, comes vividly to my remembrance here and it afforded Jane Painter an opportunity of inventing a new torture, and of inflicting upon me the sharpest and most terrible distress I ever experienced. If occurred in this way. Whether it was that the dull companion- ship of a peevish old woman was having its due effect upon me, or whether it sprang from my natural constitution, I was growing to be very nervous. I was frightened of being alone in the dark; a sudden noise startled me painfully; any unusual exhibition of tenderness brought tears to my eyes. One bright summer afternoon I was sitting with my grandmother. Everything about me was very quiet; my grandmother had not spoken for a long time, and I listened to die regular sound of her breathing which told me she was asleep. I tried all kinds of devices to while away the time. I looked at the wall and traced the pattern of the paper; I tried to stare the monkey-man on the mantelshelf out of countenance ; I closed my eyes and placed the tips of my forefingers on them, and then opened them to assure myself that the world had not come to an end; I counted the rise and fall of my grandmother's capacious bosom till I grew so confused that the billows before me seemed to swell and fill the room. There was no pleasure to be gained from any of these tasks, and I felt weaiy and dispirited. The sunshine streaming in at the parlour window seemed to say, "Why are you stopping in that dull room? Come out and play." I gazed wistfully at the light, and thought how nice it would be outside. I felt that I should like to go. But I knew from rueful experience how cross my grand- "mother would be if I made a noise and awoke her; and I was so tightly fixed in my little arm-chair that I could not extricate myself without a straggle. I dared not attempt to wrench myself free from its embrace in the room; it might fall to the groond. There was nothing for it but to try and escape from the room with the chair fixed to me. The sunshine grew brighter and brighter, and more and more tempting. My grandmother really seemed to be fast asleep. I stretched oat my hand and touched her dress; she always dressed in silk, and sat in state. Her steady breathing continued. I coughed, and whispered " Grandmother!" bat she did not hear, jl spoke more loudly. "Grandmother!" There.was no response, and then I thought I would|ventnre. I rose, with my chair attached to me—the firmest and closest of friends— and cijept slowly and softly out of the room into ttye passage. There I released myself, and then ran oat into the sanshine. I flitted about ^ike a butterfly escaped from prison, in a glow? of delight. I was in the full height of my enjoyment, when, turning my head over my shoulder, I saw my long ungainly shadow foil owing me, and in sudden unreasoning fright !" ran away from it. I screamed with terror las I saw it racing fast at my heels, as if tryipg to leap upon me and seize me, and my nether, happening at-that moment to come to the street-door, I flew towards her in a paroxysm of terror, and, clutching tight hold of her, hid my face in her gown. ~ „•. - » m 1 that j - position , my 1 . mother, 7—nuiiuimi; with soothing • words, drew me into the house, and I was I only pacified by being assured that the f " I "blaek man" who had frightened me bad disappeared; and certainly, when I was persuaded to look around, I saw no trace of him. My grandmother; awakened by my screams, did not fail to give me a solemn lecture for my bad behaviour in stealing from the room, and she improved the occasion by making me ^remble with new fears by her dreadful prophecies as to what the "black man" would do to me if I dared to be naughty again. The incident had a "serious effect upon me, and I was ill for a week afterwards. The doctor, who was attending my father said that I was of a peculiarly sensitive temperament, and that great care most he taken of me. "The nervousness," he said,"" which has been the cause of his fright may, U not counteracted, produce bad results by-andbye. The lad's nature is essentially womanly and delicate. None the worse for that—none the worse for that !" - ' He laid his hand npon my head in a very kind manner, and tears rushed to' niy eyes. Seeing these, he immediately removed his hand, and gave my cheek a merry pinch. " He will grow out of itf' questioned my mother anxiously. ",0, yes," was the reply, cheerfully uttered, "he will grow out of it; but yon must be careful with him. Don't let him mope; give him plenty of exercise and fresh'air." " 1. should like a pohy," I said. : My mother's troubled eyes sought the floor. If she conld only have seen a magic pumpkin "Then," continued the doctor, "untilhe is older and stronger I would fill his mind with cheerful fancies. Tell him as many stories as you please of fairies, and princesses, and flowers, and such-like; but none about ghosts. Yon would like to hear about beautiful fairies rising out of flower-bells,- and sailing in the clouds, and floating on the water in lilies, would you not, my lad ?" " I nodded gaily. His bright manner was better than all the medicine. " Do they really do all these things, Sir ?" " Surely; for such as you, my boy." I clapped my hands. " Yon see!" he said to my mother. Many a time after this did my mother ransack her mental store, and bring forth bright-coloured fancies to make me glad. She told Jane Painter what the doctor said, and asked her to tell me the prettiest stories she knew. Jane Painter replied, with one Of her sweetest smiles. It was part of her duties to put me to bed every night, and one night, soon after I was well, she came into my room in the dark, as I was lying half-awake and half-asleep. She crept np the stain and into the room so stealthily that I had no consciousness of her preftnoe until a sepulchral -- voice stole npon my ears, saying— "Ho! Mister Friar, Don't be so bold, For fear yon should make My 'eart'a blood ran cold!" My heart's blood di^run cold at these dreadfal words, and I uttered a cry., of fright. Then Jane Painter spoke' in her natural tone. " I knew a boy once, and his name was" Namby- Pamby. He was the greatest coward that ever breathed, and he was always telling • tales. I know-what happened to him at last. You're like him. Perhaps it'll .happen to you. A fine boy you are! Yon ought' to have been born a rabbit. I Buppose you'lltell jour mother. All cowards do." Hero f she must have put her head tip the chimney, i for xher voice sounded very hollow as she repeated, "Ho! Mister Friar, Don't be so bold, For fear you should make My 'cart's ; blood ran cold." I cannot describe my terror. I wrapped the counterpane tightly round my head, and ' lay all of a tremble until Jane Punter thought ' fit to ta>e her departure. From that night ' she inflicted the most dreadful tortures npon me. The first thing she did after putting me to bed was to blow out the candle; then die would calmly sit down and tell me frightful ; stories of murders and ghosts. Blood was her favourite theme; she absolutely revelled in it, and to this day I cannot look npon it without a shudder. She would prowl about the room muttering— ^ " I smell blood! I smell blood!" And then— "Let him be alive, Or let him be dead, I'll have his blood to make my wine, 111 • grind his bones to make my bread." After that she would grind her teeth, and make sounds as though she were drinking. " Serve him right, too, the little coward! Grind his bones On two large stones. His blood and brine HI drink for wins." I suffered this martyrdom in silence. I would not tell my mother, as all cowards did, What the effect on me would have been if circumstances had allowed Jane Painter to continue her persecution, I am afraid to think ; but, fortunately for me, the event - occurred which she was waiting for. My grandmother died very suddenly. The last words she was heard to utter were, " Poor Anthony!" I was not sorry when she died. ; I tried'to look sad, as everybody else looked, but I knew that I was a dreadfal hypocrite. Death of a Fiathbbxd Gbubbot —The Ljttjtoon, Times states that a mule"—crossbred between goldfinch and canary—has died of old age, having Eved between 25 and 80 years. The bird took the prize for singing at the Great Exhibition held in London in 1851, and at that time was fivebr tix years old. fr Messrs. A M. Bickfobo & Sons, Adelaide.—Gentlemen—I have carefully analysed the sample of Limejuice Cordial you gave me with the following result:—The add is eitric, which is produced only from the lime or lemon! No trace of tartaric acid, sulphurio, or anyxither * mineral acid. This cordial is clear, translucent and contains no sediment. I therefore pronounce it to be pure and wholesome.—Akdbbw Thomas F.CIS.L.—9, Hindley-street, February 7,1874! " " • 41thcv. fcr Cokttjlsios IN Teething.—None but anxious mothers know the worry of " teething - time," and the nursery has no more innocent help than Mrs. Johnson's American Soothing^ Syrup, which, applied to the infant's gums, relieves the pain and prevents convulsions.- The article is deservedly popular. None genuine without the name; of Barclay & Sons, Far- • rwgdoB- street," is on the stamp. Sold by all chemists. Agents—Allott, Main & Geyer, and Faulding and C«., Adelaide. 3 . "Berkeley, Sept., 1869.—Gentlemen, I feel it a duty Iowe to you to express my gratitude for the great benefit I have derived by taking 'Norton's Camomile Pil's. I appliedtoywor agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley,.for the above-named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every 'remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at alL * After taking two bottles of your .valuable Pills X was Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus be afflicted.—I am. Sir yours truly, Hkhry Allpass.—To the Pre! prietors of Noetoh's Caxomils Pills. - 182t e \+ 3 W Salyagk Dbapkrt Goods kx r —Coate's Best Cotton, 200 yards, 1 400 yards, 2s. 6d. do.; S,00o' P ® r , . Braces and Belts, soiled, - ^ vP air pair, usual price 2s. 66 be sold at 8d. traces and Belts w ; '' -5 3,000 pairs of Youtte'- 600 Men's Body beared at 3d, pa»; 4s. lid., as - Belts, only Is. each, worth crown H?v ?00 "Men's soft 200 hr- A > drab, will, be sold at Is. each ; at i-own new shape ^ 3rab will be cleared black ' newest shape (St. James) Hats, not soiled, only 4s. lid., price else : \- g^-e -o ao. 9s. on, 6d. voooaaui Cocianut__Matting, muaai;, Victoria Tiinura ^rers, Shawls, fcc. Note Address —T. £ on KBjgan, 62, Hindi ey-street, opposite Blade «I1 'And Bsdway Station. 17Uibcy 