ORIGINAL POETRY. THE STORY OF A SOUL. Who can say "Thus far, no farther," to the tide of his own nature? Who can mould the spirit's fashion to the counsel of his will? Square his being by enactment--shape his soul to legislature-- Be himself his law of living, his own art of good and ill? Who can sway the rhythm of breathing? Who can time his own heart-beating? Fix the pitch of all soul music, and imprison it in bars? Who can pledge the immaterial affinities from meet- ing? Who can make him his own orbit unrelated to the stars? I had marked my path before me, not in flowery lane or by-way Unbegulled of all bird-singing, by no voice of waters won; And across life's silent glacier I had cut a clear cold highway, Little recking of the avalanche, or all-dissolving sun. I had said onto my soul, Be thou the lord of thine own Reason; Get thee face to face and heart to heart with ever- lasting Truth;-- Thou art heir of all her beauty if thou dare the lofty treason To clasp her and to kiss her with the valiant lips of youth. Not in outer courts of worship, not by darkly- curtained portal, But within her inmost chamber, in the glory of her shrine, Shalt thou seek her and commune with her, a mortal made immortal By the breathing of her presence, by her fervid hand in thine. With no garment-clinging vassalage, unawed of all tradition, Alone, alone of mortals shalt thou gaze upon her face; And the years shall pass unheeded in the wonder of the vision, And her attributes unfolding make thee free of time and space. So I left the dewy levels, and with upward-pointing finger Marked my goal among the snowy peaks o'er pleasure and o'er pain; And the shining arms of Aphrodite beckoning me to linger By her side amid her rosy bowers were stretched for me in vain. And I heard the world pass by me with a far-off dreamy cadence Of an alien music uninformed with meaning to mine ears; And all sweet melodious laughter In the voice of men and maidens Come with distance-saddened undertone, a mockery of tears. Till alike the throb of pleasure and alike the great o'erflowings Of the springs of sorrow seemed to me forgotten things of yore; Till the world passed from beneath me, and the rumour of its goings Far diffused into the silent ethers reached my soul no more. And the bodiless and shadowless mute ghosts of contemplation, Charmed from spells of bookish lore were my com- panions on my way; And their flake-light footfalls cheered me to a dreamy exaltation Where the soul sat with the godheads, unassailable as they. I had lost the glow of Nature; and the pride of clearer seeing Was to me for all elation, for the sunset and the flowers, For the beauty and the music and the savour of all being, For the starry thrills of midnight, for the joy of morning hours. Down the slopes I left behind me fled the creeds of many races, Fled the gnomes of superstition, fled rebuking fiends of fear, And I smiled as I beheld them from the calm of my high places Cast integument and substance, melt in mist and disappear. So I held my way unwavering in dismal mountain- passes, Though a voice within my soul was loud, in vain, and all in vain! And I heard the unassuaging streams far down in deep crevasses, And I stumbled snowblind 'mid the boulders of the long moraine. Still I said, I will not falter, nor revisit earth for ever, Who have breathed the breath of deity and lived Olympian hours! —When the summer smote the glacier, and the ice became a river, And I found me in the valley clinging wildly to the flowers! Clinging wildly, clinging fondly, in a mad repentant fashion, To the blossoms long forsaken, to the graces long foregone, Paying lavishly in tears and sighs the long arrears of passion, And re-wedded to the joy of earth by one fair thing thereon! Fools and blind are we who think to soar beyond the reach of Nature! Fools and blind who think to bid the tide of feeling from its flood! Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit to his stature? Or compel the summer fervours from the solstice of the blood? Not "as gods." Not yet. Our roots are in the earth that heaves beneath me: With her rhythm we move and tremble, with her starry dance we whirl. Lo, she laughs when I would fly to where her arms shall not enwreath me, Draws me back with chords of golden hair, o'er- throws me with a girl! What was I to deem it duty thus to sunder Truth and Beauty— Thus to die among the living, and to live among the dead? Ah, the hands of Truth are boonless, and the lips of Truth are tuneless, When we sever her from Love, and throne her coldly overhead! Now I know her drawing nearer in a fairer light and dearer Than in wastes of icy solitude or page of weary tome-- In the gleam of golden tresses, in the eye that smiles and blesses, In the glowlng hand that presses love's approved conviction home. Truth is sphered in sweet communion. Truth is life and love in union. Hand in hand from spiritual founts we catch the circling thrill. We are not compact of reasons. There are changes in our seasons; And the crescent orb of youth has many phases to fulfil. Brisbane. J. BRUNTON STEPHENS. 