HOBART ! TOWN' AND THE SOUTH. ; (^\rqm,c-ur:.Special,CQrres.ptott(ienti); . ? ?' ? ;' HODA'RT TOWS; '?? ? ' -'?? v.'-'';r' '?. '??? : Stiturdhy... ?-The priiiDipal ,tdpio: of^ ebniversatioriv'in politicai.cir.clcjs.iH.the yaoancy in the- repre sentation of the Huon in.the, Legislative Council,1 caused by the resignation 'of Ifr John'l'oster: Mr tH; IB: Evans, shipowner;, . of the New Whorfj will be. a, candidate for. the vacant seat, and stands a good cliance of large extent, and may -therefore be presumed to enlist the sjimpathies.and seGure. the suy-t port bf those connected with this industry in a district whereit is- extensively carried on; But, irrespective of this,.Mr:Evonsippsse3ses many qualifications calculated to make. him. a useful legislator. By his judicious energy* and integrity, lie has gained the position he now holds, .while a, gpnial and, generous dis.-: position.has earned him many_ friends, Ina, comparatively young country, the1 self-made man. is theimost useful . member of society,: and, should. Mr. Evans be. elected, he- will- doubtless bring into active operation those qualities which' have hitherto characterised his iprofiress; This, I think,:I can ' predicate: —that hcwill.be a liberal, member, liberal; in politics, and' in dealing , with the. multi farious questions which may be ' submitted' for his consideration. There, isanother can didate in the field, namely, Mr George. Crisp/ our present Mayor. I ara not aware of any particulnr'quftlification Mr Crisp may possess for the. office .ofa-Iegislator, but, perhaps lie; may consider that an identity of interests. with some of the electors as a tiinber dealer may operate in his favor. He will not; however, stand the ghost of a. chance in opposing Mr Evans, the fulsome, adulations of: a.certain authority notwithstanding. The rain ^y'bie,h^has fallen . this week has bronghtto light. tfe. careless, and . slovenly, manner in which tne roadways and' footpath's of this. city, are constructed. la every, thoroughfare; well frequented, or otherwise,, mud'ha.s been the predominant article, and, in some places the footpaths w,ere almost; irar passable.'fbr ladies, while the roadways pre sented a Blough'.posjtively'disgraceiful. While, our City Council is. occupied, in devisipg.the best means' of. improving our disreputable, rivulet, it surely might have paid some . re gard, to the comfort and' convenience' of tlie ratepayers, by keeping the thoroughfares tolerably clean We are. rated, heavily enough, and the coj lcetor is remarkably, punctual inhis visita tions ; we have a right, therefore, to com plain of this inattention to our wants. The rain commenced on ' Saturday last, .and con tinued' till Thursday morning, and it was only on the latter day that some old men were set to' work to scrape the crossings in! ifinmp nf t.hn most f rfinnented Rt.rppt-5 Sr»\\-n_ iral. of' our Aldermen aflect.to. treat news-. ipaper: complaints with contempt ; but the itime for re-election will come in due course, and if these municipal dignataries.do not con |sult the wants and wishes of the citizens mbrethan they do at present; they may save themselves the trouble of soliciting the ,f uturo.suffrages of the voters. Wednesday. Mr,Evans'scandidature promises to rosult in success. We hear nothing further of iM'r; Crisp's opposition ; indeed, the. fulsome ? paragraplniu your contemporary appears to : have scared: liim out' of' the contest. Mr Crisp hasperformedotbeidutieBiofbismayort -, alty withaveragcability, but he - isi neither RBiorator ' nor a - statesman - ; ? I Jne-rer 'hoard '.' atafrJicuw^^J^^s^Mntrftoredisnchj^miarl have reason to know that he was anything. bu:6'pleased~mth'the1fiils6'mc erilbgy in your qonbempbrary. W.eU / mayidie. . ejiolairb i the aphorism—'^ Defend, me f rora.my.friends ; ,'I ? cari'defcml myself from hiy enemies.' As I stated1 in my last, even should he onter'tlie contest,, :ho will stand, no chanco: with. his opponent. The infusion of new blood is niuch wanted in the Legislative Council, but (his blood heed' not flow exclusively in the wins of our' !J'asinauian squirearchy.. .A good, 'industrious, aoti.ve. working member, siicH- as Mr Kvans would make, would bb a useful coiinterpoiso to. the vapid, nambyf paniby, action of our; country members, some' of whom consider their duties comprised in making a fine speech ana voting for their party. Otherstliinkoppositionto.theGovern ntent, whether right or wrong, the. summum horutm of a legislator's conduct. The best interests of their country sink into insignifii c.incd bofore the: indulgence of ^partyi feeliiig or personal piqiie, and thus, much miscliie^ is done to I ha progress arid interest of legisla tion. Mr Evans will enter tlie Council With an unbiiisscdniind.and with a. will and. a detcroiination, not 'only to advance tho inter ests of his own district, but' those of the colony at large: : ' ? ? ' ? 'llhe.want o:f a second daily; newspjper; in IIo.bai:t-Tpwn has been long folt,. and that want is now tibniit'to ba supplied by the publication of tlio Tribune as a daily morning paijiiT, tlie first number of which wil]:appcar on Monday, next. It is almost a disgrace to the capital of the colony, which hitherto has had only one journal whileyouin Launceston can boxst of three, besides two weekly papers.' There is a strong desire to have newspaper discussion and intelligence more widely dirtusedj and ifthe TWAi/nflinJitsnew and enlarged form is properly conducted,, there can be liltlc doubt, I. think) of its suc cess. . Arrangements have been 'been made to increase its-litcraryi.stnft and Ibelievoi it will start with very fair prospect?. . ., The opposition coaches of Mr Page and VSx Burbur.v appear to be well patronised, not withstanding that the woatlieras at:this.Bea; son .anything :but pleasant. It. soenis, since the .opposition h;is been organised, anil the fares reduced, tliat many persons, who would not think of 'gMng, soifar, excop.tjuon business, now takea sort of pleasuro trip,, to , visit their friends, or view the fine scenery,. \ while to everyone the boon of ; cheap uWvel- . ? ling-is very acceptable.. May, we not deduce froiu this fact, that travelling by , railway will be patronised by many, who would not without it-think of leaving their 'firesides? But for-tho delay cawed by-the -accident-. to the British Admiral-, we might very soon have had.nn opportunity of t^stiilglhis. A number of sportihg- geriHfemcri met at the. Rock Hotel on Moadayfl^ernoon,to take into .consideration! the desirability of: fprmT mg a southern Tasmnnian Turf Club. ' Sir J.' M. Wilson occupied'^ the- oli'irfr, anidiithe following, : rosolutiftna,- were iadpp,tcd^ ;,--+? That .it . is desirable .to form a tcluJ? in Hbbart Town to be-' called' ''Tn'e SoutKerri -Tasmanian Turf) Club'.!'- Thkit His ExcplltuiRy the .Gov-ernor, for. the itime being, be requested to become Vice Patron. That; the Hbii, Sir James. 'Milne 'WilsW lie recfuosted' to become' Vice'. Patron. That the:nnder:meution;ed.,g?ntjpmen . dp . foum.'iiin Executive Committee, having 'p9wer to.enrpl members, f rhuie rules; and make ? airncces saryi aiTangeriieuts ? for holdihgi racd naeoU ings, and to, transact all business connepted tliere,with : — Sir James it. Wilson, ilessrs. Henry Butler, David Lewis, S: Sriiith'Tr'avbrtej. Henry Hopkius; James : Lord; Jilm'.lordJ Samuel. Black.(yell, T.,B,:Clar:ker.W. Abbisttj. A.V. Miller, Oscar. Frexmqre'.JH.'CobkV j; A'. Jackson, J. A. Gurin, George MaTsnatlJ. ' W. Hodgson, J. Gi Daviesj .fieorge Brown-. ; and that. the last-named gentleman, be;, re- quested to act as honorary secretary, ' That a member's subscription for .each'ycaT'b'e £(i 3s. Aivotei o£ thanks ?. being awarded; itti the chairman, the raeetipcf adjpurned. tilj such time as tlie committee had' cpncluded the work of' framing rules; '&&. ,:i,..'.: 