''' ;';'h-'^THE;SlLiLY' SEASON.' . ;'-'//; ? ? ''Men; are but' children of a/larger growth,' said a' friorid of- inino- the'other'dny..after road ingyour' looiil-ra tbo;crickot' row,,: Poor Browno swearing that ho wouldn't play, for fifteen years (/) ^arid; offering his cricketing boots to any one.whom ? they would' fit fno'tiikers),.and liis'shirt(ditttf!l) and his trou— but hold !? Lut iis hope that Pat MJGrath! will laugh away, the tiff, and. promise to:bo agood boy j then shall. our Infant reanmo his boots, and his .'little foqtstops' shall onco nioro 'jpress the verdant aiid velvety turf of thci ' Onermile' cricket ground. ,,; ,: '.: ?,-. :.'., .,/?; ' .. ( ^ Therpejy .lessee of the Yaribties Hotel has jusl; causo': of ' cqmplivirif. ;'I'; am1 .hot : finite sure. bur. tliat.Bbb haa'a good action for dariiagos. 'Tb'omsbn .takes the , old ^shiup' arid' sticks) to it for a couple bf ;inontlis or so, Hien' disposes' of it/nodbubt oi). tlie strength of his assurance that tho trarisferco will ; do a big thing in the way of . trade. ' Soov. after, oritcomo theatre bills with the : annbunco irient that a. thrilling temporance drairia is/to be porf qrmed— ' ' .Ton : N iglits in a Bar-room'' — a piece expressly designed to undermine arid over throw the glorious institution of Publicanjsm, arid ' to deprive the : people 'of tho blossings it .showers upon, them ! ' The preface in the bill ia iri', itself a dreadful blow at tho interests of 'the trado./ -Mark how the 'recreant Thomson grimly oxultB 'in the hope of helping the good work.' And then the melting appeal to. 'those who drink,' and to. 'those who happily do not'; ,and the request to '' tlioso.who'can drop tears of pity' to' fetch ' thqrii' along and ' shed them at this/spectaclo'! And wbrstof, all, the apostate Thomson promises in the bill. to represent 'an earnest work or in the' .cause ' of temperance' ! Poor ' Mrs.' Hills yVni sorry; for you, but you .nrast',' shut up shop, or' else take to soiling ' mort'il' drinks. .Both lawyers left Gyhipio',' and little or nothing doing, at 'the Courts ! Humph ! I wonder do those two pleasing circumstances bear to each other the relationship of 'cause arid effect.1 It looks like it, doesn't i6 1 Tozer's young chap does his beat to keep the pot boiling, as in duty bound in tho interests of ' a noble profession.' But tlie Warden, I see,' has lately chucked a wet blanket on this moritorious studont of Ooko upon Littleton by .refusing to allow him 'the usual costs, your Worship.' So; thero.is a vory great probability that we shall have peace and quiet ness in, the communityuntil our beloved legal .friends return. ,. If ;any good people who havo fallen out are ' inoliiied to , make, it up and;koop out, of ; the. Court, now. is their . time, before tho lawyers, come back. It will ,bo,_tqo late aftor wards, .for they, will be. as .hungry as hyoenas for costs after their long fasting,' and . litigantB desi rous of coming to an. amicable | settloiuent won't standa ghost of a show.;; , ? . ,n . . ;;..-'.-. Mr.; Coilisson has put his -? foot i into it and no mistake !: I /thought' lie would;' ; Bismarck has cut up so rough about that lecture at the Apollo nian that serious international complications are threatening, and Disraeli 'has given Macaliater a divil of a wigging for.pornutting the old hoss to walk into Bisniarck as ho did. In the ' Govern mont Gazette' Extraordinary that was issued on the 29th ult. you will soo the correspondence on the subject. It seems that Bismarck, on reading last Saturday's ;' Gynipie Timqs' to the pious William at Potsdam, stumbled on tho advertise inont about the, lecture on ' The Religious Ques tion/in Germany,' which at once sent him into a state of ..violent rbpoability. ''Dn'rider und Blitzon !* rbarod he ; ' how dare dees Collizzon vind vault init . mine ( bolicy ! Saurkraut und .Zozzigez !' — and further explosive remarks to the same offect. A furious tolegram was at once deapatched to Her Majeaty, who replied that although she had had her eye on Collisson for some time, she oould not. act unless by the advice of hor responsible Ministers, to ..whom she had referred the maitor. ' Dizzy was busily engaged at the time, concocting a series' of' impromtti' epigrams and other -hits for his next speech ; but tho message put, him in a deuce of a fnnk. Ho despatched a conciliatory telegrain to tho Prince Von Bismarck in these' terms :— - : Dizzy to Bizzy. : Locturo shall be stopped. Hope, the gout is better. Hpw^.aboiit Poririiark, you sly dog. Dizzy. Disraeli at once cablegraphod to Macalistor threatening that if the locturo wore not stopped there should -never bo such a peraon, as Sir ?Arthur Macalistor. This 'roused, 'up Mac,whq actually leffagame of commercial he was play ing with King and M'Devitt'and wired to Lloyd to stop theleoturo at all : risks. As bad luck would have it, howeyqr, Lloyd was at tlio crickot match and could riot bo found ; so the lecture was delivered before tlio message was. . So now look out for squalls ! By this time Newman has informed Bisniarck that Collisson gave him fits, and war has no doubt boon doolarod botweon Germany and Great Britain. Heavens ! that two mighty nations should be drawn into a san guinary contest. Bimply because Lloyd was at a cricket match ! Even now the German gunboats may be on thoir way to bombard Tewantiri j and I fear the end of it will be that Biaiimrck w.'.l annex poor Collisson's selection, Phcenix Farm, to the Empire, shovo tho ' vigorous' . lecturer into one ? of his dungeons for the term of his natural life, and levy a War Indemnity on tho Hospital Committee. Oh, why didn't the old boss drop ' ' The Religions Question, in Germany,' let . Bismarck slide, and give a discourse on 'Tho Agricultural Rosourcea - of tho. Six-mile .Oreok'? . . ' ' ', The late Dr. Traoy.— The decease of Dr. Tracy, leaves a blank in itlie medical profession that will not be filled up easily. , Dr. Tracy died on Saturday last, after a lingering, painful ill ness of- many months' duration, Notwithstand ing his extreme proBtration, his mental faculties were unolouded to tho laBt, in proof of whioh ho left a memorandum of . instructions for his funeral that was, as far as possible, acted upon. He desired that there should bo no. funereal trappings, no emblems of mourning, no feast ing, no vulgar -display of nodding plnmosand glazed hearses, and that every thing connected with his intormontshould bo aa simple as posai .ble. The dying man cloarly had more thought for the living than for the dond; and a true por cbptiori of the. vanity and hollqwnoss of outward dUplay in the burial '.customs'of tho age. It would be well if all 'family mon took to heart tho oxaniplo, and relieved thoir surviving family of a supposed obligation to oxpond large sums with tho undertaker for a grand funeral. In many casoa, whore money ib ho objoot,' perhaps tho undertaker may as well profit- by tho ' mournful occasion as othor people, but whore our 'abiiu*d and: expensive system of burying tho doad 'tolls .most painfully is in tho levy it makes upon tho slender riieans of tho widow and orphans, who, deprived, of their protoctor and broad winner, want oyery shilling tho deceased has left to on ablo them to, keep a homo over thoir heads. When men of standing in society follow! tho oxaniplo sot by the late Dr. Tracy, and it is soon that thoro is nofa'rifico of docenby nhd iio want of respect for the dond in burying them without ostontation, plain fuiiir.ils \yill bo the rulo, and wo shall havo romoveej. ono of the uglieBt blots .upon modern civilisatiqu. '? ' 