FIRE AT FGOTSORAY. About noon to-day large volntxes of smoke were observed aeeending in the neighborhood of Footaery. It was dis covered, liowovor, that the smoke arose from a quantity of old bags which «7ore deposited in a quarry hole outside tho pre mises of tho sugar works of Messrs. Josha a Brothers, No damage whatever was dome to the works. It Is supposed that soma bovs set fire to the rubbish. Why is a volunteer who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled follow ? Becauso ho sticks at nothing. Phesents and Novelties at 5." Tub Gut Depot." It gives us much pleasure to) draw the attention or our readers to tho matchless varioty of beautiful Fancy Goods at the above establishment. Evor to the fore with all that is novel and pretty, "The Gist Depot," 51 Bourke street east, has long won, and sustainod an enviable popularity for sup plying the most elogant and auitablo articles for presents. Selections may bo mado with the groateat caao, celerity and -satisfaction, soereel- lont and convenient is tho system of display, Beautiful Omameato and Nick-nacks at.0 hero in profusion. A now Btock of Tricks, Games, and Puzzles are also to hand, and should be par ticularly accoptablo at this season. A vtn pretty samplo of handiwork is exhibited In goods made of Derbyshire spar. This beautiful jBtone rc£omblo3 marblo, it is of varied hue, and must no soon to bo appreciated. A novelty is also shown in Carved Bone Nick-nacks, with Minia ture Viows of Melbourne, from 6d. each. AIbo, a variety of very novol Fsncv Goods of satin wood and ornamented with views of Molbourno. The Molboumo Card Basket, containing -16 Views, prico 2s. Gd. Also tho Molbourno Sou venir, with 16 Viows, prico Is. 6d. and 2s. 0d, aro published at The Gift Depot, and can be posted to Europe for 2d. Not only will these bo accoptablo aa Souvenirs of onr adopted land, (but thoy poesoss tho additional charm ol utility. Altogether wo can confidently recom mend a visit to ail who want to possess " the latest thfng." 