AAIONGST THE LUNATICS. Te. m. m.1 Beechworth is famous for its lunatics — of coarse we mean those under restraint, you know — and for the manner in which they are housed, fed, and in a general way looked after. The Lunatic Asylum constitutes one of the lions of Beechworth ; all new arrivals visit it immediately ; and all the townspeople occasionally ; we shall not therefore waste our space in eulogising the ad mirable management of this magnificent institution, although much might be- said of the cheerfulness of its commanding situation of its well kept grounds, and above all of the scrupulous cleanliness and orderliness of its internal arrange ments. Judging from our own feelings on the matter, we imagine a man about to enter a Lunatic Asylum for the first time in his life, experiences a vague feeling of uneasiness, there is something so un usual — shocking in fact — this suddenly coming in contact with a multitude of human beings who are more or less bereft of the very essence of their humanity. The actual contact is, however, more painful than startling, aud the visitor when passing through the hospital and convalescent wards of the Asylum ex periences the former sensation in a far greater degree than he would if visiting an ordinary hospital. Amongst these un fortunate convalescents suffering from the twofold infliction of a diseased body and a diseased brain at the same time, there is an air of unnatural stillness totally different from the restless com plaining suffers of mere physical pain. Some of these lunatic patients wasted by disease to the appearance of a skeleton give no indication of animate life save the restless glittering of. the erased eye. Others again sitting like statues, gaze before them with a meaningless vacant stare. Perhaps, however, the mental aberation may to a certain extent dull the sense of physical pain, but, however, it is we cannot but pity these unfor tunate hnmans sitting so still and patient under their terrible afflictions. We inspected the hospital, which by the way is a marvel of cleanliness, and then we enter the ward of the " roughs," says the attendant ; and judging from our observations, we should imagine that the warders here have occasionally rather rough times of it, and this conclusion is borne out by the significant appearance of the attendants themselves, all of whom are big powerful men. On our entry here several inmates immediately sur round us, one of whom, a big rough- lookiug fellow, with the unmistakable " old-hand " aspect, but who appears to be very jolly, is particularly anxious to" ascertain if we are personally honored with the acquaintance of one " MorgaD," aud without giving us an opportunity of replying in the regretful negative, in stantly makes a stand-and-deliver sort, of request for sixpence, wherewith to purchase cigars, others again beg tobacco, and some few make unintelligible enquiries, one man has a dancing mania, another crouches with a terrified aspect in a cor ner. Many of them walk about restlessly whilst some stand propped up moodily against the wall, and give one the idea of men waiting with unwearied patience for some long-looked for event. One of. the lunatics accused us of being an English man, we admitted the impeachment readily enough, and indeed had come already prepared to avow, ourselves Choctaw Indians if necessary. The lunatics have a billiard room, and we suppose, occasionally . play erratic games of billiards, they lonnge about too in the same listless manner in the read ing room, and in some cases toy child ishly with the " Leisure Hour " and V Good Words." Poor creatures, they've plenty, of leisure upon iheir hands, but the association of literateur and delirium appear to us somewhat incongrous. The lunatics are induced to do a little out-door work, which must be very bene- V-va! indeed all nhvsical exercise tend- ing to produce calmness must be so. They have cleared and cultivated a large patch of ground in true fanner-like style, The vagaries and various idiosyncrasies of the lunatics are . remarkably singular. One harmless: old lunatic, who appeared to have the run of the, grounds, enter tained the writer with his ideas upon things in general, and upon the institu tion in particular. These ideas,: to say the least of them, were rather incoherent, and mainly consisted in a detailed state ment of the various alterations which he. shortly intended to carry out. Some of the patients, however, appear — to the casual observer — to be less mad than many people we occasionally fall across outside the walls of the Asylum. These, we suppose — the lunatics — are madder at certain periods than at others. The attendant, with great civility, rushed us through the building with snch speed that no opportunity of observing the characteristics of lunacy was afforded us ; but we intend at some future time to visit the Asylum, better prepared to carry out our intentions in the matter of ob servation. ' A most Pbaisewokthy Undertaking. — The Gippsland Times says "that " Mr John "Eing, of Nambrok, seems determined to spare neither pains nor expense in improving his property, as he has set about planting 40,000 pine trees on Nambrok Plain in order to pro vide shelter for his cattle." Post Office Changes. — Mr Garige, who has been an operator ' in the Wangaratta Post Office, proceeds says the Dispatch to Melbourne to the head office. His place here is to be filled by Mr Entwistie, who was a letter carrier at one time in connection with this office, but who is now an operator, and has been in the Melbourne office some three years. The ex change has been effected by mutual consent, with the approbation of the head of the de partment. Mr, Carige during his residence in Wangaratta has uniformly shown himself a very attentive and obliging public servant. Fatal Accident. — Robert Farmer, whilst working on the railway works at the One Mile Creek, at Wangaratta, a lever he was using giving way, he was thrown down the bank and received injuries to the skull, through which he died. He was about 33 years of age, and leaves a wife and seven children. Improved Corn Thresher. — A correspon dent of the Western Post states that a machine has been made by Mr W. T. Woolly, of Red- bank, for Mr W. Readford, Broombee Farm, that husks and threshes corn at the same time. It threshes .perfectly clean, the husks and cobs passing out one way, and the corn another — ready to be bagged. Mr Readford worked the thresher with a one horse-power, timing it, and it threshed fifty bushels within the hour, only half fed. With two horses it would thresh from 80 to 100 bushels, in a perfect and clean manner, and without break ing the grain. A threshing machine of this description is calculated to prove very valu able to farmers. A Long Time Promised. — Fifteen years ago Mr Disraeli, while at Manchester, received a deputation from Leeds, and in a jovial way promised to visit the latter town in fifteen years. That time having just expired the Pre mier has been reminded of his promise, and it is understood that he will keep it. A very old Bible. — Another Breeches Bible has been exhibited at the Age office. It is a black- letter quarto, and is minus ihe two first chapters of Genesis. The .book was printed at London by Christopher Barker, 15SS. Land Available for Settlement. — A return has been issued by tbe Government printer showing the areas of land available- for settlement in the colony, exclusive of mountainous districts, aud malice scrub The total area of Victoria as re-estimated is 56,446,720 acres ; from this is to be deducted 23,000,000, acres of scrub, lagoon, lakes, and unavailable land, leaving an available area of 33,446, 720 acres. Of this quantity 7,425,407 acres were taken up prior to December, 1S64 ; 3,702,321 acres were alienated under the Land Act 1S69 ; 30,00) acres were included in cities and town ; 350,000 acres set apart as reserves ; 1,012.017 are auriferous ; and 606,000 are. State forests. .These make a total of 16,384,93 ' acres, and after deducting them from the number of acres originally available it will be seen that 17,061,787 acres were still remaining for settlement. This return was up to the 31st January, 1874. Since then, and up to 31st May, 1874, the returns show that 1,37S,S65 acres have been selected. The return of selections to the end of July last have been already published. School Board of Advice. — A special meeting of the members of the School Board for the West Riding of the Shire of Oxley was held in the school- room, Moyliu, last Friday, to take into consideration certain charges against the teacher. The first charge was that he had falsified a return, in that he had stated that two children had been detained from school through "fear of inflection," when the real cause was sickness in ffuivly. The teacher in reply said that he had been wrongly informed by the parents. The next charge was that he had used bad or improper language to the children, in that he had called two of them " little wretches." The teacher said that he had no remembrance, of having done so, and if that was all that could be brought against him he did not think it worth while to dispute it. The third and last charge that he had been absent from school without leaving a proper person to take charge of it was completely dis proved. — Dispatch. Cabinet Seckets. — Perhaps there has never been so many Cabinet secrets disclosed even in this colony as have been blurted out in the heat of discussion and the animosity of a divided party since the present Govern ment was reconstituted under the premiership of Mr Kc-rferd. The latest instances/of these disclosures we take as follows from the Age: — There was a very general impression abroad when Mr Langton was in office, owing to the repeated postponement of the delivery of the financial statement that some hitch exist ed in t lie Cabinet as to the financial policy to he propounded to tne country. I lie secret name out on Wednesday, Mr Langton making a clean breast of it. It is doubtful if over Cabinet secrets were revealed in the same wholesale manner they, have been since the reconstruction of the present Govern ment ; bat without stopping to inquire info the disci ee1.., ess of the taunt alleged by Mr Lan . ton to have been uttered by Mr Kerferd that occasioned Mr Langton's reply, or as to whether the occasion justified the disclosure, the fact remains that Mr Langton seized with avidity the excuses thrown in his «-y of divulging all there- was to tell, ana his stateuie.-.ts are now public property. " .He cooilv iold the House that it was his intention to remit the duties on a million and a half of imports, and make up the deficit caused by the remissions by imposing a duty" on bank notes and certain stamp duties. . There was also a difference between Mr Francis and Mr Langton as to whether all the 20 per cent, duties 'should be reduced to 10 per cent: of not. In a word, it was Mr Langton's inten tion to raise his free-trade standard,. and nl n nee the country into another hot dispute on our fiscal policy. He intended to ask the protectionists to forego their victories and abandon their tried policy, and to unsettle the whole industrial interests of the country by making protectionists feel that, although the electors have declared by large majorities for protection, 'that policy may at -any time; be reversed by the accidental occupancy of an ultra free-trader. No wonder the Govern ment shrunk from such a contest, and willingly acquiesced in the late Treasurer's political suicide. The Strike. — The Age, which pre tends to be the or wan of tho, 'working classes, and," to sho\y, that it is so, every" how and then adopts and advocates some plan or other which is not design ed for the good of those classes, this morning declares that the strike of the agricultural implement, makers is not general. Why 1 Because the carpenters are not out. Are they implement makers in the generally understood sense 1 Because the apprentices are not out, the more advanced of whom; are skilled workers, so says the Aye. Be cause the improvers are not out. The improvers, bear in mind, are those wfio either never have served their time, or who, as advanced ap prentices, were not skilled workers.- It is a nice spectacle which is presented to our view. A would-be democratic journal siding with masters againstmen, declaring apprentices skilled ' labonr and all but thanking God that the im provers have not gone out. . The work ing men must look for ugly knocks from those who are their reputed and avowed friends. — Melbourne Evening Tribune. Ax Attempt to Rob a Bank. — The Bendicjo Evening News reports that an attempt was made yesterday morning to rob the bank at Epsom. The burglar, or burglars rather, for it is believed there was more than one, got over the corrugated iron fence at the rear of the Bank of Victoria, and having poisoned the watch dog in the yard, proceeded deliberately to force their way into a private sitting room. They bored holes, evidently with a brace bit, but this did not succeed, as there was an iron lining at the back. They broke a pane of glass in the door, and wrenched off the lock. They then proceeded, to force open two other doors, and had eventually got into the bank, when Mr Simpson, hearing a noise, got up, and the burglar or burglars decamped, bolting the back way, without taking anything with them. Mr Simp son saw the appearance of some person rushing off in the dark, and he fired the contents of a gun after him. The rob bery, though frustrated, was evidently well planned. The outrage was com mitted between four aud five o'clock a.m. This is the third attempt that has been made to break iuto the same bank. A Ghost Story. — From time to time we ( Shoalhavcn Neics ) have received startling intelligence from Bamerang, anent a ghost, or rather ghosts that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fanceis. Mr Robert Wil liams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified his faithful watch dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. On Tues day night Williams' family was startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down the verandah with heavy nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and, it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now aud then make a desperate spring at the intruder, but finally gave up the contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all rocks, bolts, and bars, entered the house, and Williams theu saw the figure of a man, dressed, apparently, in the garb of a bush man. It went to the bed, where Mr and Mrs Williams were lying, and pulled the bed clothes off the bed, and lay down beside Williams, who however, could feel noth ing when he put his hand out to" touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a crosscut saw standing, which itsounded several times as if beating time to music. After keeping- Williams and his family in a terrified state some time his ghostship departed, Williams saj-s lie has heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang and challenges all the unbelievers to go and stop at his bouse and jurig-e for themselves. Many other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the lo cality, and one gentleman, well known in this district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a Manilla hat on dressed in moleskin trousers and a blue gueznser shirt, carrying an axe on his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was and what he wanted he found .that the supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murderedin the locality many years ago. Printers' Religion. — A certain gen tleman at Castlemaine will not be in a hurry again to get sporting news from a compositor who is setting up his copy. On Friday night a " grass" hand was sent into the M. A. Mail office to get some news, and the compositor who had it on his frame designedly told him that the winner of the Sydney Gup was Goldsbrough. The intelligence was at once carried to a knot of men assembled at an hotel near, and a commercial man announced himself as the lucky holder of Goldsbrough for the Sydney sweep, by which he would be the winner of something like £1000. The Mail states that " there were about 20 gentlemen present, and the holder of Goldsbrough ordered the waiter to hrins in drinks for all hands, which was done, and he was congratulated on his good fortune ; again the glasses were replenished, and again the company toasted the man of com merce. Eventually the company broke up, and the supposed lucky one retired to- bed, but there was no rest for him that night — he could only dream of seeing Goldsbrough passing the judge's stand two lengths ahead of the field, and think of himself as the winner of the great Sydney sweep. He was up early to see the morning papers, expecting to get a confirmation of the good news, but his feelings of disappointment can be more easily imagined than ; described at seeing the name of Sterling, not Goldsbrough, at the -head of the list; The man of com merce says he will never again ask a com positor to divulge the secrets of his office, especially at such a cost.". A stroke of lightning in Woodford county, Kentucky; one night recently killed six persons in one house. The London Daily News, according to a telegram in a San Francisco paper, reports that the police have issued a circular giving the description of a person who is suspected of a design to assassinate the Emperor, of Austria. ,The. Benalla Hope Gold COMPAAT.— A. meeting; h®,s ' tllC holders of this company «ras held kh® engineer's 'office : on .Saturda. _ mining manager - reported Pr3Y which was -that they vere .doum - depth of : 96 feeti with ihe engine shMt, and would require an engine within fortnight to enable the miners to htto_ Several accounts- were, passed JJ.. Fo ment,.. Extra calls of 10s. week for the first two weeks from that date, and os. per week subsequently on each one-six teenth share, until proposed and carried, and Mr. E- J/1 - ' lorrol mnnaoer_ was authorised nroenre an engine and winding ae" once. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Brown for the energetic manner in which he had conducted the manage ment of the company since its commence ment, and the meeting adjourned.— Ensign. ' ., Railway Works.— The M. A. Mail states that "as it is intended as soon as possible to make the new line to Mary borough quite distinct from the main Melbourne line, every exertion is bemD made to push on the req uisite alterations. Advantage is taken of the .cessation or traffic during the Sunday to put on a number of the men, and by this means the breadth of the bridges has been al tered, and new' floors laid. On Sunday last some thirty men were engageu moving the up line to its proper position —some three feetnearer theembankment from ihe junction to the points at the tank, and the work was success fully accomplished in daylight. INext Sunday the down rails will he similarly treated : thus- affording ample room along the south-western side of the embankment for the laying- of the third set. By doing this work on the Sunday no hinnrance can occur iu traffic on the lines, and thus a consider able advantage is gained, both by the department and the public." The Sparrow nuisance. — A meet ing of gentlemen interested in saving their crops from the depredations . of the sparrow was held on Monday last, at 39 Collins-street east. It was pro posed that a club be formed to obtain and disseminate information as to the best means of abating the nuisance. It was stated that the sparrows were already doing great mischief to thefrnu buds. Several very successful modes of trapping and destroying sparrows were described. Any persons having sus-g'-stions to offer, or knowing good methods of killing sparrows, are re quested to communicate with Mr David Carson, 93 Swanston- street, Melbourne. Don't be Nervous Dear. — The Gipps Land Mercury says : — " A good story comes from a country parish. A young minister, who had not occupied a pulpit many times, and who was of rather a nervous temperament, was to preach one Sunday. A young and rather pretty lady was, for the first time, pre siding at the harmonium, and, unknown to her, a lady friend slipped between the leaves of the hymn book a piece of paper, with the words written on it, " Dont's be nervous, dear ; and if you are don't show it." In due course the minister sent for the book to mark the hymns, and his eye at once fell on the words. He blushed — but probahly such a blush never spread over bis face before or since. His position and feelings may be better .imagined than described." See the Conquering Hero Comes. — The Pastoral Times says — One of our staff met, in Melbourne, the other " day, a man who witnessed 'the first dray load of wool that wras ever passed through Melbourne for ship ment. It is now more than thirty years ago, and Melbourne people were then jubilant. They employed a fiddler to play " See the Conquering Hero Comes " before the dray as it passed slowly along, drawn by a dozen bullocks. Messrs Goldsbroughsl wrool stores now hold upwards of 50,000 bales at a time. Occasionally these enormous premises are hardly lare enough to hold the wool consigned for shipment to this eminent firm, and there are several other huge wool depots in Melbourne.- Kangaroo Eight. — A terrible en counter took place the other day be tween two huge "'old man" kana- roos,- on North Deniliquin run, owned by Messrs Landale Brothers. The fight is thus recorded (says the Pastoral Times) by a townsman of Deniliquin, who at first witnessed the contest a long way from the locality thereof ; he gradually lessened his distance ' bv keeping behind any trees that stood between him and the belligerent tripods, until he got within abont fifty yards of them. The old fellows were thoroughly in earnest, danced and skipped about, each " wait ing for an opening," as pugilists sav. All of a sudden one would, hit out from the shoulder, and if he reached his antagonist the blow generallv fell on his neck, and he rolled over"- he would then get up and again advance, perhaps to he served in the same way,' or if he could not get one of his hoofs well home on the others abdomen the latter would fall, with a thud, upon the ground. It was hittine- from tlm shoulder and striking out with the hoof for a length of time, still tbey fought, 'and at lengthy seeing our in formant, they bolted away for nearly a mile on the plain, when they resumed the contest, giving and taking punish ment with remarkable earnestness but not.exhibiting any great ferocity. ' One did not kick or strike the other when he was on the ground— the fallen one was allowed to get ujj and try his luck again. After the round had been long fought, they again espied our informant, and for a tithe they . gave over, looking on him intently, until feeling, the dangerous proximity to the two old men of the wilderness, he was glad to- get away, lest: they should turn .upon him. ; . At a little "distance away from the battle ground was seen a matronly-lookino- kans-arool lonl-G, r,. n- It is probable that she : was the cause of the contest, whicli she seemed to watch closely. Whether or not she healed the' wounds of the. two jealous old fellows— for they were bleeding profusely— we cannot tell. "Kangaroos seldom kill each other, though they do a good deal of cutting and woundim- m such fights. 