> ;!<. t '. -ri-v '; i s'- i ; -Nc 'one". offered to shout a ghost for -me I .'.m'u; during the rCCent visit 'of the spiritualj dissc o.;i (rfiHer Mr: Foster, or.Iwouldl certainly have"; cv/ ejhaduone. o i Guineas; just .poyv; ;U?e7 Jorither j 7 :ro 'scaxceyunder the Venmchli,/ and X rhaac to : smother mv longings for ' renewing .acquain-i . tance witii deceased aunts arid grandmothers. , 'jSpieak)JaSj one of . the , scoffers,, because fI 'ditlri't'see j, but tbere are many who went ' " as full o!f unbelief, and' who have now a dH" ' . ferent talc to tell. Two' gentlemen— a cabi- c ;. Minister 'and' ah' Ox'iiHorney.geheral— - c; Visited Jfmir last week| with' tbri intention ' r- ' principally of '- unmasking ' lamp tbe ; veteran J \- : ' jg<j£ officer; being-resolved fio ' cross-examine "the " spirits :lvith"-the' skill tinder which few 'fidse witnesses- inthe flesh.cah' stand.' ;The i ; "- first of the majority put in" the box was his uncle," who had been, a clergyman before ' becoming incoporeal.. He answered credi- tably what he was asked ; but showed such . a tendency to branch off into moral; ad- dresses and .sermonising unas cno lawyer, who is not good at that sort of thing, even oh Sundays, ordered him down. Two or three colorless ghosts of deceased friends answered to their names, but had nothing important to pay. At last the father ofi the terrible cross-examiner appeared ; arid though our legal Hamlet did not see his sire's ghost,- he had a tale unfoltled to hini which put all , , ; -idea of trickery out of the question. A dead and long- buried family secret, known but to; i «he person living, and that one himself, : was ' detailed ; and orio of the hardest headed and ' ;i: '-least' spiritual1 nien in the colony was so ' affected that he was compelled to' givo up all ! thoughts of business for the day and returned to liis 'home a siulder and a wiser man, to ponder on the strange things of the new philosophy. His friend was so impressed with what he heard that he persuaded Mr. Fostor to give him a seance at his house. Several ladies and gentlemen were .there, and the ghosts were brought in with the filberts. !"Is there anyone present named George? " asked Mr. Foster; "a spirit has a communication to make to him." . A newly married man, who had before experienced the blessings of matrimonv. owned to the name ; upon which . / J the spirit ;of. his deceased wife sent him a v. ..most affectionate message, saying that; she \- ; hovered- o'er him; that she loved him as " ; .'dearly da' ever, and that when he lifted tho ' -veil and followed she would he the first -to \- greet him in the land of shado ws. Tho un- ' 1 Iditnnate gentleman had all the sensations ; ol a higamist, and preserved a guilty silence, ; 'm declining even to ask his former wife how she liked her boneless existence. After an : awful, pause Mr. Foster, said there was a spirit wanting to make a communication to , a gentleman named Robert : was ho present ? ! No one answered, and after waiting for some time another was summoned from the vasty ' deep. When they were breaking up the boat said to one of his guests, " Why didn't you own your name -was Robert?" "Be cause.! profited by George's mistake," was , .the answer. " One wife at a time, if yo'u -! please. The spirit might be willing, hut the flesh weak. The paBt wife couldn't speak to me-without my permission, but the present eould !" O'Ferrall may yet come to he looked upon as a public benefactor, and his swindling of £20,000 to be regarded as a service deserv ing a pension. But for him the Lands office would, in all probability, have continued for years in the same state of .muddle .in which .the board of inquiry found it, at a loss to the country of perhaps ten or twenty times the modest sum ho helped himself to. We may have to thanlt Mr. O'Ferrall for clearing the office of land agents, for baring the valuable pnblie records; taken care of, for ' , . taking the, power of selling lauds out of the hands ofafour th class clork, for putting a stop to men with large saJariea employing them selves only with carrying papers from one room to another, and for having a check put on trie payments cicms receive ior working over time. If we ever get Mr. O'Ferrall inside the walls of Pentridge, he will be able to boast of being the immediate cause of greater reforms in the public service than the most zealous permanent head ever dreamt of effecting. And if one or two of the per manent heads, whose mismanagement brought the muddle about, could be sent to keep him company, it would be likely to keep their successors a little more Qp to the mark. It was very rude .of Mr. Bellinto suggest that the arrangement proposed to liim by Mr Murphy, of erasing payments entered in , the books of a building society, would have 1 been equal to a fraud. Mr. Bcllin should have remembered whom lie was speaking to. Mr. Murphy was a member of the Legisla tive' Council. He was one of those thirty representatives of property whose task it is to check the impulsive youths of the As. sembly in carrying on the business of the country too quickly. If any one knew what a fraud was, surely it would have been one of those legislative supervisors, a man re- GVPV f)lA flflpypfl mfAPAofa nf property, a gentleman equal to 2 9-15 mem- ' " bers.of the Lower House. About the wise in. the Insolvent Court I do-not care tp 'say anything. . It' is riot yet concluded, and . in- . tcr<esting.dethilshave.'yet to come to light . No doubt there will be- pleasant reading yet .J'frMirphy ' , , Some gentlemen; among ; whom are repre. , sentatives of. the Ministry, the. CouuciV and the Assembly, are floating a company, orie of , .their . objects being the establishment , of . rSrinday marine, excursions between; Mol- bburrie and Sorrento. Brit no steamboats, \- with' the exception' of those plying between Sandridge and Williamstowri, are aflpwcd'.by: the rules of the port- to" leave Hobaori's ;Bay on the' day- of : rest arid .the' cdnaequerioe .is -that "their steamers will hive 'to mihe' Brighton', pier, their terminus. . ' I ofteri .wondered why cheap Sunday pleasure trips round the bay were never given, and little imagined therewaa any la-w against it.' Ini thp face of the, crowds that, travel; on the suburban line, and -throng the decks of the Httle. Gom -.'on "ur. weekly holiday, it seems, rather absurd to keep rip such a restrictiott 6n locomotion. ..... " : Mr. Mitchcli will no doubt be a yeiry; happy man when he finds that Mr. Wrixon's efforts to secure a" handsome income for. his wife have been successful. Tho papers have mentioned a case this week where a Bendigo husband asks £15,000 as hush money from a gentleman with whom his wife had com mitted bigamy, he having previously re ceived £5000. This Bendigo husband, in fact, seeks to obtain exactly the same pro vision for himself through his wife that, the law will compel Mr. Mitchell to make to his. But here a strange anomaly presents itself. Mr. Mitchell living can he made to allow his wife and children £600 a year, arid a sufficient capital sum to insure them in that income can be forcibly with held from bim. But tho instant ho dies he may deprive them of every penny, and leave his money to found a charitv or enrich a stranger. It seems queer to give a dead man more power over his property than he has when alive. If it is right to compel hiiri to support his family now, surely it would do him, no wrong to continue the compulsion after his death. They manage these things better in France. I was rather surprised to find that Mr. R, B. Tucker, the defeated candidate for Castle- maine, was able to write. Nothing shows the universality of educatiori in our favored \- land more than this : the most ignorant 'and illiterate persons possess the art' of commit, ting their crude thoughts to paper. I knew fillr «. rvnn/1 /3<an1 ad via people have yet been . discovered so low in the scale of creation' as' to he devoid of speech, that gave me ho hint as to his unde veloped powers. It was in fact hearing him talk that- made me surprised tri find he could - write. Bnt Mr. .Tucker Bhonld use his gift sparingly. And he should avoid writing to the papers. The Mount Alexander Mail- has . lately published' two letters from him, exactly as they were written, The grammar, spelling, punctua tion, and. capitals were. given inthe cruellest mariner without alteration,- and the convic- tion is forced on one that grammar was not ground into Mr. Tucker, with his pot-hooks and hangers. "When we remember that Mr. Tucker was once a legislator we need no longer wonder at the hqles lawyers pick in our colonial acts. ' - The Bollarat people have been taken te task for not doing more for the endowment of the new Church of England bishopric than they have done. This is very foolish. . We don't blame men for abstaining fron shilling cigars and champagne, when cavendish and' beer suit both their tastes and their pockets. Bishoprics at £10, 000 come under the head of luxuries which we should rather commend men for doing without. An old lady I knew, who was as wise and sententious as Poor Richard, used to say that the great art of saving consisted in learning to do without things. There are evidently people on Bal- larat who eould exist without a bishop. A Melbourne cricket club — the Civil Soryice-pwei'o short of funds, and hit upon a. capital idea. They, got up what they, called a Civil Service ball, omitting, how- ' ever, the words cricket club, between : the. words service and ball. They had a strong belief in the efficacy of words .had these cricketers, and they thought the name and the distinguished patronage would make it a grand success. They got the Governor in person, all the Cabinet Ministers, the Mayor and councillors of Melbourne, and the volunteer officers in their full uniform. Such attractions one would have imagined would have made a great draw, but the hopes of the promoters were doomed to dis appointment. The civil sorviee proper fought shy of it, and I suppose the general pnblie thought the affair too fine for them. "Whatever the cause, the result was a defi ciency of £50, which the committee have to pay, and it is now gravely proposed to give another hall to make up the amount! It would be a nice sum in involution for a civil service examination, to work-out the pro bable indebtedness of the committee after going through a course of a dozen or so of these balls. I want to know, on official authority, how the eclipse of the moon, on Friday night, passed off. One paper says : "As the night was clear and fiue, the officials at the Ob servatory were enabled to make close V/Uac irtUlvUt AUUIlUCi aUulLO XilU iVvwVilvr on Friday night was so unfavorable, the sky . being overcast, that a complete observation could riot be taken by the Government as tronomer of the eclipse of the moon,- \- which was only dimly visible at short intervals through the heavy banks j : " ' r that the astronomical reporters of onr contemporaries were playing cribbage during the small hours, when the moon was hidden, and that the man who won took the bright, and the other the gloomy view of the eclipse, But, putting, cribbage aside, what eort of eclipse was ithere ? " ' A - .day hardly, e /cr - passes without the papers having an account of somei unfortu nate tradesman being victimised by cashing valueless cheques. To some extent it serves them right for trusting strangers, but trust is so essential to' trade it is difficult to see where to draw the line. The ease with , which, any ono can procure blank cheques, whether they have an account at a bank " or not, is doubtless one of the chief causes, of -this speoies of crime. 'The sight of means to do the public with makes the public done. It is. hard to suggest a remedy that would cure the evil, but at least- some restriction' should he placed on the issue of blank' cheques. . A penny stamp on cheques wonld not only prevent them from knocking about as they do at present, but bring in a very handsome revenue. Or if banks were com- pelled to print the person's name to whom a cheque-book was issued across the face of every cheque, and only give them to those who had accounts with them, a check at all events would be given to fraud, and a slight clue afforded for detection. The banks take very good care not to leave unsigned notes in the way of possible swindlers, because they might themselves lose by it. Thoy should strike out some plan to prevent the public losing by the cheques they distribute so freely. I like to see men who have a good opinion of human' nature. A cabman last week found a valise containing over £200 in his cab, and at once handed it over to bis em ployer. The owner, a secretary of a build ing society, got back his money to the last farthing, and was so struck with the honesty of the cabman that he wouldn't offend him by asking him to take a reward. He wouldn't hurt the feelings of that cabman by offering money, but generously asked him to have' a drink, which the mysterious cabby declined. I would like to have been present when the two' men separated. 1 would like . to have seen the look of the secretary as he slnnk .out of the presence of the honeBt cab- . It, is. a poor consolation to Mr. F. C. Klemm, . now that he has returned to Vic- toria, to. find -that the German Chancelery, after libelling him .all over the Empire, and cautioning his countrymen against him as a suspected swindler, have issued a 'circular .to all subordinate officials in . which thoy are "requested to regard these warnings as riot issued." I suppose if they hanged a man in Berlin by mistake, the Government would publish a proclamation requesting people to consider him as still alive. Tli n nannTa aP T .vrHal Ian ' mtn In n -fi v AUV UWVIUV V4 JUJ uvvavvu WSW 1U (| UAi They must - either abstain from church, go there without putting money in the offer tory, which would be just as bad, or give ait least double as much asthey.have been in the habit of -giving. Wheri.the: last Melbourne steamboat was ( leaving that pious town, a clergyman brought tbe eaptairi a large bag filled with threepenny bits," imploring him as he valued religion to give, him gold in ex change. ' The kind-hearted captain con sented, -but"' asked his reverence why ho didn't go to the banks instead. "They would have been only too glad," said the captain, "for one of the managers told me uauu u awu u buicupuuuj uiu IUI a week." "My Christian friend;" was the clergyman's answer, "it is for that very reason I Come to you. This bag con tains all the threepenny bits in Canterbury, and wben I- Band them out of the country my flock will- have to fall hack on sixpences." It would have to be a good clerical ring- that would" put threepenny bits; out of cir culation iri Victoria ; , but as it is a matter .' upon wbich the denominations can unite, the thing is not impossible, ATTICtJS. 