ENDEAVOUR RIVER. The following particulars of an outrage by aborigines are given in the Cooktown Herald of the 16th instant : — Nearly a fortnight ago a party of six started out on a prospecting trip, with the intention of trying the country along the Endeavour, and the ranges lying around Cooktown.Our informa- tion is derived from Mr. Kenningworth, who was one of the party. He says— “We had been out nine days, and during that time had traversed over a good deal of country of a granite, and sandstone formation, extending apparently to the Normanby, and other ranges in that district. Up to Sunday last we had met with no encouragement, except the color in one or two places, and on Sunday night were camped at the head of a creek running into the Endeavour. Up to this time we had not seen any blacks. In the afternoon we saw smoke and a few blacks on the bank of the river. That night we camped on a flat piece of ground along the bank of a creek. There were four of us in one tent and two under a fly. About 9 o'clock one of our mates was cooking a damper, and was in the act of lighting his pipe, when we all heard something rattle at the back of the tent ; im- mediately afterwards two spears came right through the fly, across the legs of the two in- mates, and grazed the boot of one of them. One of the guns only was loaded, and that with small shot ; we fired out of the door of the tent, we then crawled out and got under a tree, we could not see any- thing, we could hear them, the spears ware flying about all around us. After the first attack they were quiet for about a quarter of an hour, and then we could hear the wretches spearing the horses about 100 yards down the creek, along the face of some rising ground ; we could hear the spears showering upon the horses and the plunging of the poor animals. After about an hour they went away ; we re- mained under the tree all night watching, as we were afraid to stir on account of not being able to see the niggers, as it was dark, and we certainly would have been speared had we shown ourselves during the first attack. In the morn- ing we found one horse dead, with the right cheek cut clean off, the other horses had escaped in a wonderful manner with only one spear wound. the spear: Was sticking in him about a foot in the haunch, we broke the spear off and com- menced packing him. I went up on some rising ground and saw a party of six or eight niggers, and when I pointed them out to my mates several other parties showed themselves, to the number of about 100, they were nearly all round us, and tried to encircle us, and as soon as they saw me they commenced yelling. One blackfellow, who appeared to be the chief, was issuing orders and motioning with his hands ; he had a waistcoat round his loins, and a white band round his head. They then advanced steadily in regular skirmishing order and without noise, until they got within about 150 yards ; there they stood, and endea- vored to excite us to fire upon them. We, however, had made up our minds not to fire upon them until they came closer. Seeing we made no attempt to fire they endeavored to get behind us and hem us in, which had they suc- ceeded in doing we should have all been speared to a certainty. We waited until the spears which were thrown at us dropped within a few yards, and then we commenced to retreat up a rising spur leading up the range. As soon as they saw our intention, which was to gain the top of the range and keep them below, the niggers made a rush with the same object in view of getting up first, when we followed the face of the range until nearly opposite the Eight Mile, the blacks following some distance below out of range yelling at us, but not throwing any spears. When we made the bolt we had to leave everything behind us — horse, tent, fly, 160 lbs. of flour, and all our tools, carrying only our arms ; as we had very little ammuni- tion, we had to reserve our fire until, as we thought, they would come closer, besides the place was so rocky that the blacks had plenty of shelter. When nearly opposite the Eight Mile the blacks left us, and we got into the Eight Mile on Monday afternoon ; on Sunday morning we had collected about a dozen spears intending to bring them in to Cooktown, but when the blacks came on us a second time we broke them up and threw them into the creek.” Mr. Fairclough gave another series of recitals at*Wh'ite's Rooms on Friday evening to a respectable audience. The most of the pteoes selecjted for recitation had been previously given, but people never tire of the Closet Scene from * Hamlet5?, 'Tthe Bridge of Sighsr''_.'The Haven,' and 'The Charge of the Light Brigade,'*' as they are spoken by such an ac complished elocutionist as Mr. Fairclough is. Amongst the new selections were Hamlet's Address to the Players, some passages in which were somewhat indistinctly heard; and the soliloquy of Richard III. at Bosworth on the night before the battle. The applause was generally judicious and always sincere, if not boisterous. The entertainment was. a very pleasant one. During the evening Mr. E. S. Hall performed on the pianoforte with his usual skill. 'On Monday night,77 writes the Northern Argus, of July 10, ' a family re siding in New Clare were somewhat alarme4 on discovering that one of the members, a lad eight years- of age, had risen from his bod during his jsleep, epened the doors, and wan dered away. - Search was made, but the night being dark, it was a difficult task. The som nunbulufc fortunately made for a house at some distance, knocked at the door, and was received by the inmates— two females— who on per ceiving ihe ghost-like figure were considerably startled. Tie little fellow talked to them in a ' strange manner, seemingly 'unoonsolouB. He was carried h»tne by his' parents and put to bed. On being questioned the next morning as to What indnoed him to. go out and Jiow he felt, lie MgB^.«rrn^ »? J^wij jjtyt 4|T»t8.«f Jjavijif 