I THE NEW BRITISH MINISTRY ', / IAN ESTIMATE OF THE CTIAIÍÁCTEUISTICB AND TENDENCIES OF DIHIIAELI AND HIS COLLEAGUES. THE now Cabinet contains throe signally nblo mo besides its chief, to wit, Lord .Salisbury, Lord Cairn« and Lord Derby. Tho rest are, by comparison, sccoin and third-rate men, and not moro than two of then have muoh reputation ns departmental administrators Yet ono great complaint of tho Gladstone administra tion was il«; administrative weakness. * Critics said tin Ministry knew how to legislate, but not how to govern and of Mr. Gladstone himself tho samo remark hoi been made ; not justly of him as Finnuco Minister, though pcrhapB justly as Prime Minister." But Mr. Disraeli is understood to have had his own way, and placed Iiis men rrctty much ns ho liked. His leader- ship of tho party, whatever question may have beeil mado about it in the days of its adversity, there is none now to dispute in Hie hour when all tho world"sees nnd admits that its present success it, duo to his sngncity mid guidance. If his Ministry lack strength in part, the fault is not his. There is a want of strong men in tho Tory party, of men intellectually strong, that is ; 1'ov ? of men strong in character thero nover was a lack in 1 either party, nor will bé so long, as Englishmen ore Englishmen. The young brains go mostly into Liberalism and llndicalism, whero they can work with a certain freo-, dom. It is to be noted that, except Mr. Cross, no young man gets a ßrst-dnBs placo in tho new Go\em- inent, and no other new man enters the Cabinet nt nil. Mr. Sclatcr-Booth, Mr. IV. H. Smith, and tho rest af tho aspiring youths (not. over^ fifty), who hnvo been talked of for Cabinet posts; are loft outside. They could hardly cxpeot to., get admission or complain of their seclusion when voterons like Sir John Pakington are left out, with three Dukes of tho'lost'Tory Cabinot to koon him company. There is sumotbing positively awful tn the noglect of'the Dukes, and it give* ono a new idea ? of Disraeli's audacity - A qtiiility nobody ever, thought him wanting in - to seo tho ôavalior wny' in which he dismisses august pretensions. Thu only Duko in his Cabinot is the Dufte of Richmond, c.heavy, careful, rather bigoted man, who is understood to have wanted the 'WarOluoo, and does not got it, but is' put off with, the dignified nothingness of Lord President of the Council. If Mr. Disraeli _ wanted to givo tho world a convincing proof that ho is a supremo master in tho party, his Cabinot is the proof, both by what it contains and what it ex- cludes^ Its architecture is Dorio in solidity and severo i simplicity. With almost ono exception, tho mere orna- mental members aro cut away, and tho structure rollos both for effect and usefulness upon the plain fitness ol' those which aro left for tho work to be done, liven tho I j numbers uro reduced, and instead of a Cabinet of fifteen I or CTcn sixteen or seventeen, ns Mr. Gladstone at one I timo had, Mr. Disraeli Admits but twelve, himself in- cluded. It ia one advantage of English administrative and governmental forms that they are clnstio, anil this elasticity may be set off ngainBt thc sometimes tlavish submission to precedents which is a defect not to much in thu political ns in the mental constitution of English- men. Mr. Disraeli ÍB unusually free from this ; indeed, he lias more than once chown his contempt for such restrictions, and, if they fettered him, burst then». It ? requires no ordinary firmness of mind to resist the I clamour for Cabinet office from all the men who think j themselves entitled to it. Nor is it meroly clamour, i Influences uro brought to bear of a kind unknown in American politics, and claims pressed by means which I in anew count)y do not nnd cannot exist. 1 Sore beset in "politics, as aristocracy of late years lins been, its hold upon the merely administering pin t of Government is almost as strong as ever. No Liberal I'rimu Minister ever yet dared disregard thc demands of the Itussclls, Cavundishcs, and orncrsof the grcnt Whig families, nor would ho have thought himself strong, or even «nfc, without their support. Inde- pendence ol' them was never carried so far as Mr. Disraeli now carries it : let that be put down to his credit. The Duke of Kichmond ha» been champion of ? thc extinguished system of purchase in the army. To I have put him into tho "War Office would ' have been ' to excite a ferment of fresh hope among discontented . and mercenary officers, which no Chief of tho ' State could wish to do. The Duke of Marl- borough hus made himself hated hy tho agricultural 1'iliourers more than any other ono English nobleman, and Mr. Disraeli, who docs not mean to alienate the support of any class numerically strong, coolly leaves thc Duke of Marlborough outof his Cabinet altogether. Ile will conciliate him, no doubt, in minor appoint-' ment», and sfimu of thc family may be lookod for high up in the Jioyal household. Appointments of this latter class are coveted hardly less than political ap- pointments, social considerations coming hore again to tho front. In a different way, but with not less ovi dence of clear view and resolute purpose, Mr. Disraeli has settlod one other ollico of high importance, the Home Office. This is ono of the five great, Secretaryships of State, and no other one. of them has HO direct an intlucnco upon politics. No other Minister has to offend so many people of consequence, none being brought into contact so directly .with mngistratcB, county functionaries, omi tho whole army of people who carry on tho affairs of English life. Mr. Gathorno Hardy was Mr. Disraeli's last Home Secretary, was reckoned able, and was ns popular as any man in thal office can expect to be. : Hut Slr. Gathomo Hnrdy has lately taken sides very openly with tho employers, and against tho employed. Ho would have to decide in thc lout resort on many que« ' tions arising out of their conflicts. I need only men- tion tho Master lind Servant Aet, and tho fact that with the Home Sccrotary rests, though not in theory, the pardoning power. Tho working classes'-would ro- gan! Mr. Hardy ns an-enemy, and Mr. Disraeli showed In his first speech, niter tho Conservativo victory was assured, that bo eagerly wished to nuiko friends with tho working classes. His praise of tho two working- men chosen to 1'arliament, Mr. Macdonald and-Mr. Burt, wa« adroit, and tho purpose of it obvious. Pro- bably it succeeded ns far as nny such thing can succeed. Mr. Hardy's appearance at the Homo Ollico would sim- ply neutralise tho good effect produced, and Mr. Hardy ia accordingly m-nt to tho equally prominent post'of AVar Secretary, whero his infliicnco on all this class'of questions will not be felt, or felt only bocauso ho shares in Cabinet deliberations. It is said that another reason cxiBts for putting him thcro-to check oxtrava punt expenditure. Mr. Hardy is a strong-willed mau of bufincss, and if economy is to bo Mr. Disraeli's policy-which is yet to bo proved-ia capable of stand- ' ing a siego of olllcors and contrnctó"r». Mr. "Ward Hunt may bo put into tho Admiralty for, a.'ilAiilar'l reason. Having once been Chnncoller of itho Kxohoiiuor, his official habit» would lead him to koep'a tight hold on tho national pursc;strings. I I Mr. It. A. Cross, who goes to tho Homo uraco, is xii new mun of tho Ministry, «ind steps nt onoo from privât membership to ' .full-blown Cabinet', honours-i most unusual tiring. Mr. Bright is tho only rccon similar example 1 oan.think of, nn<l thorfi"is not inuol similarity, really betweon tho two cases. Slr. Crosi first won tho griititudo of his party, though Jio hoi before been in Parliament, by dofeating Mr. Gladstone for South-Wost Lancashire in 18G8. Ho lins mada i mark in the House, and may liavo it in him to svicccct oven nt the Homo Offlco-proverbially a' difficult post, with tmps and pitfalls, into soma of whioh tho moil wary may tumble. '?? Of poor' Lord ? Malmesbury at Privy Seal, and his wonderful talent for blundering', I need not stop .to spoak, nor of lord John Manners, who was a pretty, good .First Commissioner-of Works in tho InBt Ministry, and is now Postmaster-General. He is .by . no moans tho sort of man to koop Mr. Scuda- more in ordor to provont Iiis illognlly taking- a stray million or so' for tho telegraphs, if ho happens to want it. ' ' ' ïlio question of questions in tho oonstmotlon of tho Cablnot was whothor Lord ßaliHliury would inako Ëcnco with Mr. Disraeli, and take . oilloo ' undor him. y universal oonsont, Lord Snlisliury is tho ablöst of Tory. Lords, and abler than any niombor of thc party, oxoent Mr. Disraeli*. . Ho has what is in ,this country considered a natural title to leadership, or to a high plaao in.any Tory Government that may bo formed, cooing of ancient family, high rank, and great for- tuno. Mon of that stamp nio, und, whntovor tho Republicans may say about it; long will bo, looked up to in England, anil "-their political influ- ence will ?u'rvivo tho "extinction of tho House of Lords os a-body of horeditary'legislators. Lord Salis- bury quitted tho Derby Ministry in 1807, in company with Lord Carnarvon and Ganami Pool, on tho ground that Lord Dorby mid Mr. Dlsraoli woro sacrificing tho principles pf tho pormanont interests of tho party for Hie sake of a temporary held on olHco. ' Tho lioform Hill of that year, which gave England House- hold siiffrugo, wns to Lord Salisbury a Hill ef Abomina- tions. Sooner than support it,, ho resigned. Tho qnarrol between him and Mr. Disraeli became purinna! as well as political. ' I boltovo tho two woro not on sneaking terms.. But Lord Salisbury. is ? perhaps by this tima convinced that Mr. Diirnoll under- stood tho situation. Most people talk' PB if tho result of tho present clcotion proved him to posscBs superhuman foresight, willoh ls ono of tho usual \ exaggerations ouiisciptont on suecos». Wliothor Lord Salisbury »haves that belief or not,- ho mast bo satisfied that ho could not now refuse bfllea without offending tho party, and probably forfeiting his claims to tho futuro leadership of it; mid bitter ns it may bo to him, he (¡nco moro resumes hts nlloglnnco. Ho is to take tho Secretaryship of India, hts formor offlco,-and tho llon/xal famine is nmithoi reason for his taking it. Publia opinion called au him, ai perhaps tho ono man in Eiiyhiiid who by knowledge ana oapnclty md foroo of will may yst deal suocess ftilly with tlint torriblo problem, and avert what has latoly soomod an inovitablo catastrophe. Tho first i intorviow botwoon Lord Salisbury und Mr. Disraeli must havo buen aurions. Tho story goes that not a I little pressure had to ho put on tho great Marquis beföro ho wsuld ennsent to a rcumcilintiun. j Lord Dorby in the Foreign oflico is a limiter of colimo. . II' thora bo five living Englishmen with a real tastu for foroign affaiiH and real knowledge about them, Lord Derby ii surely ono. of the five. . The. candidates fat tho other four vinces may -ho selected Ify the 'reader. There ia a notion,that the aecession of the "forica to .3ico will be marked hy a. ".vigorous11 foreign policy. '. ; I do not quite know what that . means, but I.shall po B\ÍO in saying that tho average English -idea of diplomatic vigour is to bully sombody or .tp'resist somebody's bullying. Thcro" is a call for " ííjSlrited action, or rather a complaint that past Action. has not bcon spirited. Ono of tho events that helped - discredit tho Gladstone Government as much as any other was, I am ? sorry to say, the Treaty of Washington and tho. result. of tho Genova and Berlin arbitrations. If I : wished to . follow Mr, . Goldwln Smith's example, '.-1':might'say. thai tho English "hato" tho, American's in :. conse- quence. But I do not wish to'follow Mr. Goldwin. ; Smith's example, and I behove neither that Eng- lishmen as n people hato American«, nor that Ameri- cans ua it. people hate Englishmen. Tho feeling hero is that Engin nd was outwitted - at Washington, and made moro or less party to a thain at Geneva,"and victim to a foregone conclusion. 'Such resentment as they litwo on that account they have visited heavily on , Mr. Gladstono and Lord Granville, but especially on Slr. Gladstono. They certainly do . not expect Lord Dorby to undo the Treaty, or to get bnok tho money ;paid oh tho Geneva verdict. If they did, .they wSuld: choose a di ff liront man. Lord Derby was a party to the original scheme of arbitration; and much usàrbitration :. is now discredited, ho would certainly prefer another arbitration to ft war that could be pre- vented, by it. To America, ho ia neither friend . nor enemy.. The blood runas too coldly and slowly : in his 'veins for: vory energetic love or hatred, and rio.two characters could be more unlike. than his and * his fathom's., If tho present Lord Derby had been In ? - oin ce when Russia toro tip tho .Treaty of J'aris to Hunch a navy on tho Black Sea, ho would have ac- quiesce!, I believe, in that oct, as Lord Granville ac- ' quiesced in it, and for. tho samo reason ; because nb resistance short of armed assistance would have ..vailed, rind nothing could have induced England to embark in a second Crimean war. - Experience poe«. for something. ? There .will bo-nejthor a' ccobnd siege of Sobastopolj'nor a second Alabama,' nor yet will :tho _ nioBt passionate oounscls persuade Mr. ; Disraeli's . Foreign Minister to intervene, in Continental politics "> to maintain tho balnnco.of power-or anything olso, I was almost going to add. But I «lo not »dd . it; hecauso I behove the Imperial spirit and "'. tho readiness to fight/ for Imperial " ends , aro -, '" nsf gloat as ever in' . England;' .^nnd* tháfc.-. iimong nil- tho varieties of ' " vicious", jíoifsenso"" . . moro or less commonly talked, none is more vicious or -H' likely som o day to moko more misohief than the'mrition . that the warlike quality is no longer to bo found in [ Englishmen. Of that quality Lord- Derby is .pot , the best representative, any moro than Lord Glanville was. Neither of them'would fight.so long'. as he could negotiate. But they oro both Englisher men, and thero in a limit to their patience, under '' pi-eesurc from his colleagues, the limit.tc J.ord Derby's .<'. might bo reached'sooner than .tho limit to Lord. ". Granville's, under less pressure from his. .. To foreign nations in general, and1 to tba'-United . States in parti- '¿ ! cular, that is about all the probable significance bf tho chango ol' Government bi their relations.yr.'th it. '.; A' V Tho -third able njon,'is of coursoVLórd Cairns, who is, " equally, of coursé, to, bo Lord Chancellor. ...rbiitica- - . apart, I suppcso either Lord Cairas'or Lord' SelbpiüoiB' ' '? above tlip'avcrngo of Lord; Chanceliers.'.' Both aie, to ? somo extent, law reformers,' arid:each hat a scheme of his own for thc improvement of English judicature'andy' jurisprudence. Neither will eyer lay a flnçci'on thu . : real sciiuda! of tho English system, tho. divinion ol' the legal profession, which forces ovory.suitor, to 'employ two lawyers todo ono .lawyer's ' work, án¿ . .tho uuio»., . of tho two into ono gigantic trades ; uryon, more' .... oppressive and intolerant than any other that exists: Of Sir Stafford Northcote, who is to . bo' Chancellor ' : Of tho Exchequer, nnd have;, tho,, giving away.'of ¡Mr." '.1 Gladstone's surplus, you.know something personal y '?;. ns Joint High Commissioner at TrVasnlngton. .-!HVi». n painstaking, ' conscientious,, rather dry mun,-.vtcll'?.1 up in tho routine of finance, and . - likely- to do'woll .' the mechanical part of his business nt the Tren'sutyi . But tho prcssuro put on him to squander money will' ' bo such ns no new man can resist. '" Sir Stafford .Nor¿]i-. ". coto comes to tho Exchequer for ithe first time, and . ; will find its doors: besioged by..a mob . of hungry ' solicitors . from tho people at .largo, from interests, of '.,??? every kind complaining of taxation,- and possibly from ' his colleagues of what aro railed the spending donore-.; monte-War and Admiralty-though they are sind to ? - have been put there to be prudent. If ho were Mr. Lowe himself, he might finn, himself overmatched....' Moro appalling to him still must bo tho^thónght of the . handling his budget will-have' to enduro from Mr. Gladstone, should that incomparable financier rouso1' V himself from his present mood and defcido to Attack tho '. Tory Chancellor. But they say Mr. Gladstone resents hi* abandonment at tho polls, ondiB disposed to let tho- . Liberal party, lu- tho HOIIEO and out of.it, sechbwit 1 . can manage for "a while ivitUout:him.-G.-W. S.- ; London Correspondent to the If cte. York Trilnuic; . The nudionco nt the Corniwlini concert Inst', evening vms not so numerous as we could wish to have. .., seen it, but was attentive nnd discriminating.' Tho . . programme commenced .with' a well executed; : chorus . from " Ernnni," and was followed by .a N:cvy pretty ' :? ? song by Warner, lcmiuding us forcibly of Fran/. Abt, beautifully rendered by Miss Lizzie, whoso lino nïczzo» Boprono did full justice to tho composer. "Thc Tower ; ! of Love,".from Balfo'B/'Satanolla, did not cqiinl our : expectations. -, Tile fnir,. singer hhs not sufficient: dramatic fire and action for such a .paBslonhtc outburst . of pont-up lovo ns-is- expressed in tho introductory . . recitative, and tho compnsB is rather too 'grent for her : register. The music, too, is of that chnrnctor tis tu ren- .,. der embellishment lind elabórate cadenzas out of pince still tho air wns sting correctly,' and with, sufficient. , . feeling.to elicit considerable applause . Mr. Gordon's fine'.basso was henrd; to advantage "in Parry's de- scriptivo sonp; of "Tho Flying Dutchman;" und nri ij " unanimous encore followed, whon ho substituted "Swing: on Old .Pendulum," .with . gpod effect." . Mndaino Carandini sang an - exquisite cavatina from . Verdi's " I Lombardi," with all the freshness of youth, combined with tho tasto nnd execution of a finished musioinn, and ' obtained,, well-merited applause. Tho I harmonium Bolo on airs from "Les Huguenots "in' , traduced Mr. Lnndorgnn to tho publie as a perfoot- -: 'mnBtór of that instrument..... His seloction coniruoncod with' ii short.pndmle'Jeadingyohto thorwelL-known . opening chords/followed by Urbain's . exquisito song ; ' ''NobiT Donna," nnd concluding with thc*'" Dispute?.'.. .', Chorus," Mr. Ijindergan, who, proved Uimsolf throughout tho uvening A most efficiont accompanist ' . ? nnd ynlunbla addition to Madnn e Cnroridini's company v . has ;only recently; left Cnntorbiiry, Now ZenJniin, whero lio was highly appreciated : a testimonial in tho form of an illuminnted address and a puraoof sovereigns having been presented to, him on the ovo of Ids . departure.' After MK Landcrgan's performanco, Miss' Fonnio!. introduced .a most - charming soi ipr hy "iBlumonthal," to , whioh \hor rich' .contralto - tones and . .ndinirablo oxprossion of -light and shade lent nn .additional charm. A rapturous encore ' followed, .. whan .' tho fair .cantatvico , sang,wWi great simplicity and fooling." Thn'Muroiur of the Shell." Ono of.Mr. George Cotterell'« sketches of olinrnctor followed,'in which ho porformcd'a fiviftct drama in nbout as ninny minutes, sustaining nil the eharabtorB himsolf, and kcoplng thc midlcnco in a broad grin, throughout. Our* Gentian. 'cousins' song, . " I achmokos," krought tho first port to iv conclusion. . - ."Wo think'it a' pity that Mr. Cotyoroll, whoso versa tillty and facial expression equal any monopolologist wo lmvo'ovor hoard, does not extend his riyertotiC,'.' «nd givo tho "publican opportunity of hearing'and seeing moro of tho cornie iiowors which ho undoubtedly . . pösBossoi.' Tho'sooond ' portion of tho prognunino, which was ny no means so nttrnctivo ns tho first, com- menced 'with . Bishop's over ' popular song mid Ohorns, "Now trump o'er moss nnd keilli which was, ,woll. rondored ' by . Ming Isabolla.. . and tho cowpony. . , Tho "Land »of tho'Leal!'., followed next, sung by Mts« Fannie, who, on au encoró being called far, gracefully bowed her ncknow- . lodgment. lCuoken's charming duet "May," by tho sisters Isabolla nh'd Lizzio, caine next, and was tanto- - fully and correctly oxoouted.:' Mr; Gordon then gave - tho '..A'ondottn," from " Luorozia Borgia," with great' Ílower, which being iihoored, he imng "Swing on, Old "ottdulum." Wo cannot help oppressing our opinion that an Italian, Uko a poot mw/fm1 non, 1<t, and that it isa mistnko for English'singers to attempt a foreign' languago uuloss thoy havn . nmstorod tho pronunciation amt accent by .long training and rcsidenco.in tho . country, whoso languago thoy fire rehearsing. It wan undoubtedly Mr. Gordon's tones nnd not his singing which elicited tho. cnaoro. Madame Cr.runditif lias so often sung "Tr o Irish Emigrant," that it is sufficient to aay it was sung ns woll ns whon this old song was now. Tho univorBiJly-known trio from " II.Trovotoro" followed, nnd wns charmingly sung, Mr,' Slier win, who was in excellent' voice, doing nil .'justino to tho musió nllottod to tho 11-fntoa Manrlco. A «p'ritfd march. by '. Syilnoy Smith, arranged- a» a duet/ and well exe- cuted by Miss Faunie and "Mr. Landergan, wnu folio wad by (onie wore of Mr, COUOVOII'B'comicalities, who. ''V his whimuical rondorlng of " Tho tfiroo Httlo pigs" nnd " Ciloa Soroguins's ghost,"1 fairly convulsed tho ' nudionco. Tho " FJowor^sonff," from Gounod's Faust, " brought Miss Lizzla on ance, moro j nnd the sparkling, solo nnd chorus from OITanbuch'B "Grund Duchess, :? ., ndmtriiMy rendorod, btotigUt a Boiricwhnt.longthvpro*; gramme to a satisfactory termination. . Tho public owo 1 a debt of gratitude, to tho l.'ariindliil Company for . trivlng them nn opirortunlty pf .litr.riiig liiurlo i'f a . ' lilghvr ordor than nnfortiiiinWly Jin» hi oh dispensed of lato by tho caterers for tho nrausenvent of tho publia t '-\ and wo »iiirnroly hopo that ' their concert ot sanreii''?.'? muslo to-night, tho progmmmó of which inejuditi gem« from tho compositions ol' tho groatct hipsters, will at ¡ trnot as full an amllenoo as. its.óxce!l Mica demands. 