THE THIRD NARRATIVE. THE STORY CONThV IJED P.Y PERCY FA lit l;A:\k\ Ciia rm: X1Y. Wo .took leave of Francis Raven at the door of Farloigh Hall, with the understand ing that he might expect to hear from us again. Tho same night Mrs. Fairbank and I had a discussion in the sanctuary of. our own room. The topic was The Ostser's Story ; and the question in dispute between ub turned on the measure of c'iaritahle duty that we owed to the Ostler himself. Tho view 1 took of' the- man's narrative was of the purely matter-of-fact kind. Francis Raven had, in vny opinion, brooded over the misty connection between his strange' dream - and his vile wife until his mind wns in a stake of partial delusion on that subject. 1. was qnite willing to help him with a triflo of money, and to recommend him to tho kind, ness of my lawyer, if lie was really in any danger and wanted advice. There my idea of my duty towards this afflicted person begyn and ended. .. Confronted with this sensible view of the matter, Mrs. Fail-bank's romantic telhpera- inent rushed as usiir.l into extremes. " I should no more-think of losing sight of Francis Raven when bisiia-xt birthday comes yoiind," says my wife, "than I should thing of laying down a. good story with the lost chapters unread. I arj posimvely determined, Percy, to take him. back with lis, when we return, to Franco, in the capacity of groom. 'What does one man more or less among the horses matter to people as rich as we are ?" In this strain the pnrtr»?r of my joys.and. sorrows ran on; perfectly impenetrable to every thing that I could say on the aide of eom- ' mon sense. Need I tell my married brethren how it ended ! Of course I allowed my wife to irritnto mc, and spoke to her sharply. Of course my wife turned her face. away inr dignantly on the conjugal pjllmv, anil burst into te:iT3. Of course, upoh - that, Mr." made his excuses, and " itVri." had her own' way. Before the week was out we rode bver to Undcrbridgc, and duly ofl'eix/d to . Francis Raven a place in our -service as super numerary groom. " At first the poor fellow seemed hardly able to realise his own extraordinary good fortune. . Recovering . himself, lie" expressed liPa grati tude modestly anil beebrainglyJ .Mrs. Fair- bank's ready sympathies overflowed as usual at ber lips. Sho talked to liinr, about our home in France, as if the worn, grey-headed ostler had been, a child.' " F.uoVi a dear old house, Francis : and such, 'pretty gardens ! Stables tfen times as bjjr as yiiur stables here ; qnite a choice, of roornu for you. Yon must, learn thp narae of our liouse — it is called Mnison Rouge. Our nearest town is Met?. We are wjtly.n a walk of |;lie beau tiful river Moselle. And when wii want a change 'we have only to take the railway- to the' frontier,' a/id find ourselves, in Ger many." , j Listening, so., 'far, with a very besvildercd face, Frauois started and changed color when my wiVe reached the end of her last sentence. r " G'enrinny? " he repeated. . j,. > "Yob, Does Germany remind you of anything?" ' : ! ' Tkb ostlor's eves looked down sadly on the ground. "Germany reminds mo' of my wKe," ho replied. , "Indeed?'. How?" ' "Sho. once told me she had' lived in Ger. many — loug before' I know her— in' 'th e time when she Whs a young girl.". j "Was sho: living with relatious or frauds?" | " She. was living as governess in a Foreign family." " j . .' "hi what part of Germany ? " j . "I don't. remember, ma'am. I doubt if she tyld ine." ; " Did she tell you the name of the family?" j "Yes, ma'am. It was a foreign j name, and it lias slipped iny memory long j since. The head of the family was a wine-grower in a largo way of business - I remember : that. " " Did you hear what sort of wi ne he grew ? There are winegrowers in our .neigh borhood. Wns it Mosellu wino? '. "I couldn't say, ma'am. I doubt if. I overheard." ! I There the conversation dropped. We engaged to communicate with Frauds Raven before we left England, and took onr lrave. 1 hat?, rmtilo my arrangements to pay our round iif visits to English friends, and re turn to Maison Eougo in tho summer. On the eve of departure, certain difficulties in connection "Willi" tlfe'niaii'agehi'eiit 'of somo lauded property of mine in Ireland obliged us to filter our plans. Instead of getting back ti> our house iu France in the' summer we only returned a week or two before Christmas. Francis Rnven accompanied us, anil wis duly established,, iu the nominal capacit y of stable-helper, among tho servants at Maiuon Roiige. Beforp . long, soine of the objections to talcing' him iuto our employment, which I hail foreseen and liad vainly mentioned to my wife; forced 'themselves on our attention in no ve ry agreeable form. Francjs Raven failed (as I had feared lie would) t:o get on smoothly with his fellow- servants'. Tiiey were all Freuch ; and not one of thorn understood English. .Francis, on liis si.de, was equally ignorant of French, Bis reserved maimers, his melancholy tem perament, his solitary- Ways— all told against | him. Our servnuts ' called him "the English Bear.", He grew widely known j in the neighborhood ' under his iiiok. name. Quarrels took place, ending once or twice in blows. It became plain, even to ! firm. Fairbank herself, that some wise change must be made. While wo were stiH considering what the change was to be, tbo. unfortunate ostler was tlirnwn on onr hands, for some time to come, by an ar cident in the sitables. Still pursued by his pro verbial Ml-luck, the poor wretch's, leg was broken by a kick from a horse. He wa's attended to by our own surgeon, in his comfortable bedroom at tbe stables. As tbe ihate of bis birthday drew near lie was still /confined to his bed. Physically spenking he was doing very well. M.'orally speaking, tho surgeon wns not satisfied. Francis Raven was suffering under socio unacknowledged mental disturb ance, which interfered seriously with his rest at night. H earing this, 1 thought it my duty to tell the meitoaL attendant what was preying on the patient's mind. As a practical man he shared my opinion that the ostler: was in a state of delusion on the enbjcct of his Wife, and his Dream. "Curable delusion, in my opinion," the surgeon added, ' ' if the experiment could bo fairly tried." " How can it bo tried":" I asked. Instead of replying, .tho surgeon put a question to me oil his siHe. "Do j'ou happen to know, ".lie said, " that this year is "Leap Year-:" "Mrs. Fairbank reminded mo of it yes. teiday,'"1 answered. "Otherwise I might 7iul havo known it." " Do ;?on think Francis Raven know3 that this year is Leap Year (I begun to see .dimly what my friend was driving a.t. ) "ltdopends," I answered, " on whether he has got an English almanack. Suppose he lias vol got the almanack — what then.?" " In ithat ease," pursued . tho surgeon, " Franei'S Raven is innocent ol' all suspicion that there is a twenty-ninth day in February this yeair. As a necossary. consequence — what wiill lie do? He will; 'unticipate the appearantie of the Womnn with the Knife at two in tho morning oil the twenty-ninth of February., instead, of the first of March. Let him suffer all superstitious terrors on the wrong day. Leave him on the day that is really -'his birthday to pass a perfectly qniet night, and to be as sound asleep as other people at two in the morning. And then, when lie wakes comfortably in time for his breakfast, shame him out of his de lusion by telling him the truth." I agreed to try the experiment. Leaving the surgeon to caution Mrs. Fairbank on the subject of Leap Year, 1 went to tbe stables to see Francis Raven. Chapter XV. The poor fellow was full of forebodings of the fate in store for him' on the ominous first of March. He eagerly entreated me to order one of the men-servants to sit up. with him on the birthday morning. In grantiug bis request, 1 asked him to tell me on which day of khe week his birthday fell. He reckoned "the days on liis fingers ; and proved his innuoence of all suspicion that it was Leap Y|ear by fixing on the twenty- ninth of Febrrmry, in the full persuasion that it was tbe first of March. Pledged to try the Burgeon's experiment, I left his error uncor- r-jcted, of course. In so doing, I took my first step blindfold towards tbe last act in the drairia of the Ostler's Dream. The next day brought with it a little domestic - difficulty, which indirectly and strangely associated itself with the coming end. My wife received a letter, inviting us to assist in celebrating the " Silver Wedding" of two worthy German neighbors of ours— Mr. aud Mrs. Beldheimer. Mr. Peldheimer was a largo wine-grower on the banks of tbo Moselle. His house wns situated on the frontier lino of France and Germany ; and the distance from our house wns sufficiently considerable to make it necessary for us to sleep under our host's roof. Under -these circumstances, if we accepted the invitation, a comparison of dates showed that we should he away from home on the morning of the first of March. Mrs. Fairbank — holding to her absurd resolution to see with her own eyes what might, or might not, happen to Francis Raven, on liis birthday — flatly de clined to leave -Maison Rouge. "It's easy to send-an excuse," she said, in her off-hand manner, I failed, for my part, to see any easy way out of the difficulty. The celebration of a " Silver Wedding" in Germany is the cele. bration of twenty-five yeara of happy married life ; and the host's claim upon tliu-oonsider- ation of his friends on Bueh an occasion is something in the nature of a Royal " com mand." After considerable discussion, find- hig my wife's obstinacy invincible, arul feel ing that the absence of both of us from the festival would certainly wll'end our friends, I left Mrs. Fairbank to malm her excrses lor herself ; and directed liec to accept- tho in vitation so far as I was concerned. - In so doiiig 1 took my seeortd step, blindfold, towards the last act in -the drama of the Ostler's Dream. A week elapsed ; tho last: days of February . were at hand. -Another d omestic difficulty happened. ; und, again, dliis event also proved to bo strangely associated with tho coming end. . My head groom at the" stables was one .losoph Rigobert. Howns an ill- conditioned fellow, inordinately vain 00 his personal ap pearance, and by no means scrupulous in his conduct with women. His one virtue con sisted in his fondness for horses, and in the care he took of the animals under his charge. . In a word, he was1 too good a groom to he easily replaced, or he would have quitted my service long ; since. On the 'occasion of which I am 110 w writing he was reported to me by my sijeward as growing idle and disorderly in his habits. The principal offence alleged agirinst him was that lie had been seen that dtiy in the city of Metz, in tho company of a woman (supposed to he au Englishwoman), whom he was en tertaining ata tavern, when be ought to have been on his way hack to Maison Rouge. - The mail's defence was that "tlse lady" (as he called ht-r) was an English stranger, un acquainted with the ways of tho place, ami that he had only shown her where sho could obtain some refreshment, at her own re quest. 1 administered tho necessary repri mand — without troubling myself to inquire further into the matter. In failing to do this I took my third step, blindfold/towards the last act in the dra®» of the Ostler's Dream. On the evening of the twenty- eighth I informed uhe servants at the stables that one of them mist watch through the night by the Englishman's bedside, dnsepli Rigobert immediately volunteered fur the duty— na. a means, no doubt, of winning his way back to my f.i vor. J 'accepted his proposal. . That day the surgeon dincil with us. Towards r/i .id night ho and I left the s-mnk. ing-room, .-.tid repaired to Francis Raven's bedside. 1 iignbert wns at his post — with no very agreer.ble expression on his face. The Frenollman nnd the Englishman had evi dently. not got on well together, so far. Francis Raven lay helpless on his hod, wait ing silently for two in tho morning, and tlie Dream- Wot nan. " I have i mine, Francis, to bid yon good night," I riaid cheerfully. "To-morrow morning I si tall look, in at breakfast time, before I loavc home on a journey." "Thank you for ail your kindness, sir. You will not see me alive to-morrow morn ing. She will find me this time. Vavk my words— alio i rill find me this time." "My gcd fellow ! she couldn't find you in England. ; How in the world is she to find yon in France?" " It's horm i in on my mind, sir, that sho will find me i lere. At two in the morning on my birthe'lay I shall see her again, and. see her for the< last time." "Do you nusau that she will kill you?" "I mean that, sir. She will kill mo— with the knife. " "And with '.Rigobert in the room to pro tect you ? " ' " I am a doomed man. Fifty Rigoberts couldn't protect i me." .: " And yet yo a wanted somebody to sit up with yon?" " Mere weakness, sir. I don't like to be left alone on my denth.bed." I looked at the surgeon. If he had en couraged me T sh onld certainly, out of sheer compassion, liavo confessed to Francis Raven the trick that wi) were playing him. Th« surgeon held to his experiment ; the suf geon's face plainly said — "No." The next day (the twenty-ninth of Feb ruary) was the da y of the Silver Wedding. The first thing in the morning, T. went to Francis Raven's rc om. Rigobert met me at tbe door. "How bas he pnssedthe night?" I asked. "Saying his pirayers aiid looking for ghosts," Rigobert 'answered. "A lunatic nsylnin is'the only proper place for him." I approached (the bedside. " Well, Francis, here you are, safe and sound, iu spite of what you said to mo last night." His eyes rested on mine with a vacant, wondering look. " I don't ltnderstjhul it," he said. "Did yon see anything of your wife when the clock struck two.' " "No, sir." "Did anything happen ?" "Nothing happen ed, sir." "Doesn't this satisfy you that you were wrong?" i His eyes still kept) their vacant, wonder ing look. Ho only i epeated the words he find spoken already : " 1 don't understand it." I made a last attempt to cheer him. " Come, come, Franci s ! keep a good heart. You will be out of bei I in a fortnight." He shook his he lad on tho pillow. "There's something ' wrtmg," lie said. "I don't expect you to he Sieve me, sir. J only say, thor.e's something wrong— and time will show it." , I loft the room. Half an hour later-I started for Mr. Keldheiimer's house, leaving the arrangements for tl (e morning of the first of Maroh in the hands of the doctor and my wife. ' ' The Presbyterian Ass embly of New Sonth Wales bns just finished, its annual sitting. Among other resolutio as passed were the following respecting public instruction: — "That, in the opinion oti thiB assembly, the existing system of publlic education would meet the necessities of tlie colony, and would be likely to ac coinplish ivs end in a more eco> nomical mann er, if the denominational ele ment were cnt irely eliminated from it and " that, in the opinion of this house, in any new act, universally establishing a public school system,; a clause should be inserted making primary education), as far as practi cable, compulsory." - The Mount '.Rouse Shire Council is suffer ing from a deacUoek, The Hamilton Spec tator remarks tCiat "there was no meeting again of the council on Wednesday, this being tho nintli which has lapsed through want of a quoru jm. The council is divided into two partie s of four each, and one side will not attend the meetings called by tho other. It was! hoped that a majority would bo given to eitliqr one side or the other by the return of a member in the room oi Mr. Twoiney, but t lie Election cannot be held until next month,- and doubts have -been raised as to whether there is a vacancy or not." ' '' " The Smith Aystr'ili<ti\ Advertiser states that two '.men e n. Sunday, the 1st of No vember, .while oi ) tlic beach at Moonta Bay, mado a ..whger between themselves to swim to Frankjin Harbor and back ; the condi tions of the ccntesti being that should either get drowne- i lin Was to lose the wager. They started on this foolhnrd3' exploit, but had not got far When' it wns seen by per sons on shore thn.t-if aid was not soon ren dered neither of the men would he in a position to claiin tho -wager. A dingy went out tq their assistance as quickly as possible, anil noi le too. scon, for tho men wore both exhausted.- They could not, however, be taken, on -board the tiny craft for fear of upsettii Ig it, so they were 'secured by ropes and. tow ed astern, until a larger craft bore down' and took them on board. Some important; legislation is being at tempted 'in the Hew .South Wales Parlia ment. The .Si/i/hi-i,' Empire states : — " Three new bills were hrou ghtup in the Assembly on the 4th November,, and read a first time. One wns a bill introduend by Mr. Terry, to pre vent tho influx of criminals into Now South A Vales. The objecf; of this bill is to prevent all persons who nave been convicted of felony in any of the other' colonics, or in any place where knowledge of the fact is obtainable, from coining to this colony within three years subsequent to the termination of their period of imprisonment. 'The question as to who are convicts is to he determined by the official Oavtte published by the various Governments. With regard to harhorers, 5t is proposed to give tho police power to enter with or without the authority, of a warrant any house ok place where convicts are suspected to lie harbored. The two other bills were introduced by Mr. Buchanan. One of them was a bill to legalise the marriage of a man with the sister, or the daughter of the sister, of his deceased wife. It is similar to a bill introduced by the hon. gentleman last session iu reference to.tlie same subject, and provides that any marriage contracted be tween n man and the sister, or the daughter of the sister, of his deceased wife, shall he !held to he valid, providing that no snb3e- Cfuent marriage shall have been contracted by cither party. In regard to tho inherit- nee of property, tho bill provides that no person shall tic deprived of any property which he or she may have lawfully inherited prior to the coming into operation of this proposed law. The remaining bill proposes to amend tho Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Act by giving a wife n right to a decree of divorce upon proof of the adultery of her husband, and gircs the court power to pronounce a decree for the dissolution of the marriage upon proof of such adultery." The Empire notices a curious mistake which tho person who drafted the marriage bill had made. _ That journal states that "during the discussion of the motion for the second reading of the hill it was pointed out that, under the provisions of the bill, if carried into law, n man could legally marry liis own daughter, . for, if a daughter should he the issue of his marriage with tho sister of his deceased wife, he could marry her in the eveut of her mother's decease, a« she would be the daughter of the sister of the deceased wife. .Such a con struction might easily have escaped de tection ; and if tho hill hnd passed iuto law, <aich a marriage as that referred to would be perfectly legal. The debate on the second reading of the bili was adjourned for a week/. 