THE THEATRE ROYAL. MR. G. R. IRELAND AS HAMLET. The announcement that Mr, G R. Ireland was at last to appear in the character of the Prince of Denmark was sufficient to attract a very numerous audience to the Theatre Royal last night Long before the curtain rose, the pit, stalls, upper circle, and gallery were densely crowded, a large number of persons having been turned away. The dress circle was also very well attended, there being very few vacant seats. The hour for commencing had been unwisely altered to 8 o'clock, for the performance lasted till half-past 11 o'clock, and during the greater portion of the last scene the audience were disturbed by persons leaving the theatre to catch the last trains. Before the curtain rose, Mr. Greville came before the audience, and announced that Mr. Garner, who was to represent the King, had not arrived at the theatre, and in his absence Mr. Dampier, who represented the ghost, had consented to undertake the part at a moment's notice. Mr. Ireland, on making his appearance, was received with loud and long-continued cheering. For the first scene or two he was evidently suffering from nervousness, which considerably marred the effect of his performance. He afterwards to a great extent shook off this weakness, and in the last scene of the first act, when he threw off the detaining hold of his friends to follow his father's ghost, the audience became most enthusiastic. In the opening scene of the second act, the dialogue between Hamlet and Polonius was given with perfect naturalness. The play scene in the next act was well managed, Mr. Ireland watching the King closely during the performance without becoming too demonstra- tive as the climax approaches. The injudicious applause as the King retired spoiled the effect of Hamlet's short passionate speech. In the chamber scene Mr, Ireland was also very effective All through the play, Mr. Ireland had a most attentive audience, and his representation of this most difficult character was a highly satisfactory one. He had carefully studied the part, and gives an intelligent rendering of it without slavishly copying any of the actors that have previously appeared on our stage, It is essentially a natural conception of the character, and if in parts wanting in fire and emotion, it may be considered that Mr. Ireland's nervousness, and evident fear of being led into a suspicion of rain, altogether prevented him from doing justice to himself. During the time Mr. Ireland has been on the Australian stage he has only performed the character twice, and his success on the present occasion augurs well for the future. The absence of Mr. Garner was not a loss to the audience, for Mr. Dampier made an excellent King. Mr. O'Brien was a very good Polonius, but he would have been much more effective if he had studied the text more carefully. He tripped on a great many occasions-a fault, by the way, that Mr. Ireland also committed. Miss Carey performed the part of Ophelia in her usual excellent style, the mad scene being thoroughly appreciated by the audience. The Laertes of Mr. Appleton was a very careful piece of acting. Mr Greville made an excellent Gravedigger, and the Osric of Miss Maggie Stewart was sufficiently frivolous to satisfy everyone Mr. Ireland was repeatedly called before the curtain during the evening, and it is not too much to say that his performance fully justified the expectations of his friends. It was announced during the evening, that at the request of a large number of gentlemen, Mr. Ireland would again appear in the character of Hamlet this evening for positively the lost time. Tub Budget Committee of France has received from the fine arts authorities some curious statistics of the cost of the new opera-house at Paris. The report sets forth the expenditure already incurred as follows: -Purchase of ground, 10,500,000f.ยก cost of construction, 33,G0O,O0Of.; and machinery, 2,GO0,O0Of., making a total of 40,00 000f. The' throwing open of the approaches cost the city of Paris ll.BOO.OOOf. Two millions more will be required for furniture, archives, decoration, and completion of the refresh- ment and smoking rooms, scenery, music, instruments, stage machinery, site. The building is three times as large as the old one. 