WONDERTU L-IF TRUE. The FoHnùfhthjReview contains a startling article on tho evidence bf Spiritualism, written by Mr. A. lt. Wallace, the naturalist. Mr. Wallace concludes as f o lows : - l'The objection will hore inevitably bo made: 'These wonderful things always happen in America. When they occur in England it will be time enough to inquire into them.' Singularly enough, alter this article was iu tho press, the final test wtfs obtained, which demonstrated the occur rence of similar phenomena in London. A short statement may, therefore, bo interesting for those wlio cannot digest American evidence. For some years a young lady, Miss Florence Cook, has exhibited remarkable mediumship, which latterly culminated in tho production of an entire feinalo form purporting to bo spiritual, and which appeared barefooted and in white flowing- robes while she lay entranced, in dark clothing and securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding that tests of an apparently con clusivo character were employed, many visitors, Spiritualists as well as sceptics, got tho impression that all was not as it should be; owing in part to tho resemblance of tho supposed spirit to Miss Cook, aud also to the fact that tho two could not be seen at the same time. Some supposed that Miss C. was an impostor who managed to conceal a white robe about her (although sho was often searched,), aud who, although she was securely tied with tapes aud sealed, was able to get out of. her bonds, dress and undress herself, and get into thom again, all iu the dark, and in so complete and skilful a manner, as to defy detection. Others thought that the spirit released her, provided her with a white dress, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. Tho belief that there was something wrong led ono gentleman-au ardent Spiritualist-to seizo tho supposed spirit and endeavour to hold it, iu the hope that somo other person .would open the cabinet door and see if Miss Cook was really there. This was, unfortunately, not done ; but the great re semblance of tho being ho seized to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escapo from him, convinced this gentle man that it was Miss Cook herself, although tho rest of the company, a few minutes afterwards, found her bound anti sealed just as she had been left an hour boforo. To determino, the question conclusively, experiments have been mado within tho lastfow weeks by two scientiiic men. Mr. C. F. Yarley, F.E.S., tho eminent electrician, made uso of a galvanic battery and cabio testing ap paratus, and passed a current through Miss Cook's body (by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to lier arms). Tho apparatus was PO delicate that any movement whatever was instantly in dicated,' -whilo it was impossible for the young lady to dross and act as a ghost without breaking the circuit. Yet under these conditions tho spirit-form did appeal', exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote, and touched several persons ; and this hap pened, be it remembered, not in the medium's own house, but in that of a private gentleman in tho west end of London. For nearly au hour tho circuit was never brokon, and at tho conclusion Miss Cook was found in a deep trance. Siuco this remarkable experiment Mr. Wm. Crookes, F.1Î.S., has obtained,* if possible, still moro satisfactory evidence. Ile contrived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into tho dark room, accompanied by tho spirit, and there saw and felt Miss Cook, dressed in black velvet, lying in a tranco on tho floor, whilo tho spirit-form, in whito robes, stood closo basido her. During tho evening this spirit-form had been, for nearly an hour, walking and talking with the company ; and Mr. Crookes, by permission, clasped tho figuro in his arms, and lound it to be, apparently, a veal living woman, just as the scep tical Kontluiuan had done. Yet this ligure is not that ot' Miss Cook, nor of any other human buing, since it appeared and disappeared in Mr.Crookes's own house ns completely as'in that of tho medium hersoli'. Tho full statements of Messrs. Varley aud Crookes, with a mass of interesting detail on the Bubiect, appeared in tho Spiritualist, newspaper m March and April last; and they serve to show that ?whatever marvels occur in America can be repro duced herc, and that men of science are not pre cluded from investigating these phenomena with scientific instruments and hy scientific methods. 