THE FACES OF THE CARDINALS. We have Itefore tit » rather curious plate, forbidden, we ree, to copyists, and. at the present moment of some interest to mankind. It contains the photographs of every member of the Sacred College, of all the cardinals who may vote at the election of the next Pope, besides five ok- sit who have intermediately died. ThiB election it is now nearly certaia, will be ordered in the regular way, and taken at the Vatican, the Conc'ave being unwilling to give any hostile power, sttCh M BiBiuarck, an opportunity of dotibting or rejecting the election, nor will there be any large accession to the list. A few more may be created, as the Pope is better, and Cardinal Barnabo, tbe head of the Propaganda, in exceedingly ill-health ; hut the filling up of the list, an ecclesiastical coup d'etat, is exceedingly improbable. If, then, the regular fortnl are obseived, the Pope must be elected either by inspiration—that is, unanimous tacclaim, an infrequent and, in this case, almost impossible method; by the appoiutment of a Committee of Selection, quite possible, though objectionable; or by balloting, before some altar in the Quirinal, or, we suppose, at present, the Vatican. This process is described by Mr. Cartwright, a Protestant author, whose book is allotted to be authentic:— " The ordinary election by ballot is performed by two processes repeated daily, in general—one in the forenoon, which is a simple ballot ; the other in the afternoon, which consists in the process technically called of acceding, whereby an elector, revoking his morning's ballot, transfers his vote to someone whose name had that morn- ing already come ont of the ballot-box. Hence the designation of the supplementary ballot, for in it the faculties of electors are strictly limited to the power of adhering to some cardinal whose name at the early ballot has been drawn. The voting papers are square and folded down, so as at each end to have a sealed portion, within the upper one of which is written the voter's name, to be opened only under special circumstances; and in the other, sealed with the same seal, some motto from Scripture, which, once adopted, must be the same at all ballots, and serves ordinarily as the means for identification of the vote. Iu the middle space, which is left open, stands the name of the candidate. Advancing to the altar, after a short prayer in silence, and an oath aloud, wherein the Saviour is called to witness that the vote about to be given is dictated by conscientious conviction alone, each cardinal drops his paper in the chalice upon the altar. When all nave voted, the examination of the papers is made by the scrutators, three cardinals selected by lot, who successively hand to each other every paper, which the last files on spin. Should a canditate come out with just a majority of twothirds, it then becomes necessary to open the upper folded portions of the ballot-papers with the view of ascertaining that this majority is not due to the candidate's own vote, it being not lawful for a Pope to be the actual instrument of bis own creation. In the case of no adequate majority, these papers are preserved, so as to be able to check, through the mottoes, the votes given in the supplementary ballot, it being, of course, unlawful for a cardinal to repeat a second vote on behalf of the candidate for whom be had already voted in the morning. The form of tendering this second vote is by writing * Accedo domino Cardinal!,' while those who persist in their morning's choice insert the word * Neinini" Should both ballots fail in producing the legal majority, then the papers are burnt, while in all cases the portion containing the voter's name is to be opened by the scrutators only in the event of some suspicion of fraud or a vote being invalid, through some violation by the elector of the prescribed forms." There is no law whatever prohibiting the cardinals from stepping beyond their own body, or beyond the episcopate, or beyond the priesthood —two Popes, John XIX. and Adrian V., having unquestionably been laymen, the latter of whom never took priest's orders—nor, indeed, beyond the limits of Catholicism itself. By the theory of the thing, the Pope having been elected, in that act receives the immediate consecration of the Holy Ghost, and his previous antecedents are matters of profound indifference. It is, however, most unusual for tbe cardinals to step beyond their own body, the latest instance being 1758, when Barberina, a mere monk, was nearly elected; and among these pictures, therefore, the candidate is almost certain to be found. They form a group to an outside observer singularly unlike the popular impression of the Conclave, being usually simple old men, with handsome geutlemanly features, and very moderate hraius. Several of them are extremely learned. Asquini, for instance, having been Wiseman's rival and friend in the •cbools, while Petra is a monster of erudition, especially in Oriental [Church history, rites, and liturgies, points on which Borne is incessantly called to decide by flocks of which no one hears, and in languages Mezzofanti scarcely knew. There is no one among them with a head quite so intellectual as Father Newman: no one with the true ascetic face of Dr. Manning; no dreamer, unless it be Bonaparte; no real Torquemada, though Cardinal Patrizi, the Inquisitor-General, and a favourite candidate, has much of the stupid severity natural to that character. There is but one strong aggressive face, with tbe fighting peasant underneath its steadiness (Cardinal Cullen) ; but one physically bad face, Cardinal Vannicelli Casoni, who looks like a turf man of the lower grade; and but one who would be taken for an English Bishop, Cardinal Amat di Santo Filippo e Sorso. There are but three who surpass the usual type—Cardinal Monaco de Valletta, a superb face (Archdeacon Grantly etheralised) ; Cardinal Bonaparte, exactly like the First Napoleon seminarised; and Cardinal Riario Sforza, tbe strong, but imagina- tive man, who would, it is said, if elected, shake Europe, as he has already destroyed the Municipality of Naples, by declaring for tbe democracies of earth, as against its kings. His face, with its steady eyes, clear-out features, and broad determined chin, is that of a man who could have wielded the temporal power, and made Rome safe. Protestants, however, if these photographs are good, need not tremble. There are no poets, and but two men of genius Riario Sforza and Bonaparte—and neither will come to the top. As the majority must be of two-thirds, the votes of defeated men tend, as in an American caucus, always to the man with fewest enemies, and he would be either De Angelis, who from bis vast age would be a most respectable stopgap, the cardinals remembering his determined or cruel administration of Fermo with delight; or Monaco la Valleta, so popular that he has had every promotion at the earliest possible time ; or Capalti, a name little known •broad, bnt supposed to be a favourite with the Conclave itself, whose predilections, however, change much when they are set free by the death of an absolute master. Capalti is the only one of the series whose free in the photographs look English, the kind of man whom one expects to meet in a dean's hat, and to hear that ha slightly overawes hig bishop. Of the Italians, however, Panebianco, considered to have an excellent chance, has the face of a stern, determined monk, and is Grand Penitentiary, i.e., Grand Casuist of the Church; probably the only man in the group who really knows any- thing of the confessions supposed to be so constantly revealed at Rotne, but which are, for tbe most part, A.B. inquiries as to how particular cases are to be treated. Cardinal Antonelli here •hows ai a successful Italian innkeeper, with polite face, fixed to get cash, but with brilliant eyes ; and he, with the quiet, gentlemanly Borromea, with bis refined schoolmaster face, has no chance at all. Any of the other Italians may have, bat they are almost unknown out of Rome, and no one except Cardinal Moricbini gives us any impression of being a successful dark horse. He looks like a slightly worn old general, is Archbishop of Bologna, and has the highest reputation in the church, as has De Luca, the diplomatist, and the man who will be chosen if the cardinals believe, as they probably do not believe, that their chief requisite now is the worldly tact of which this face is full. A Yorkshireman would gather himself together to take in De Luca, and would fail. Of the remaining Italian cardinals few men ont of Italy ever-- heard, so we will give their names:— Cardinal Asquini Barnabo Barili Biizarri Berardi Caterina Consolini Carafa di Tra etto Di Pietro Cardinal Casoni Sseconi Giudi Antonuoci Ferrisri Misesi Ferretti Pecci Siivestri Trevitianato Graasellini. There will be a strong party contending for a foreign cardinal, that the next Pope may look a little more round tbe world; but the choice of tbii party, unless it steps out of the redstocknged circle, is extremely limited. The best face among tbe six or seven foreigners is Cardinal Moreno, a stately Spaniard of the Ximenes type. Cardinal Hohenlohe, a prince, devoted, it is believed, to Berlin, and therefore out of favour, is in appearance an ordinary noble: Cardinal Matthieu, an over-fed French dignitary, with Jadministrative capacities; and Cardinal Donnet, a fine-looking old lady, with some deep sadness in her life ; Cardinal Schwartzenburg has a weak look, is Austrian to the backbone, and opposed the dogma, though he has recanted; but there are two cardinals in the foreign list with splendid faces, even in the photographs. The church does not -want a Julius, and Rome would not bear Cardinal Cullen, bnt no one can look in his face and not see which is tbe warrior, or, shall we say, " the pet of the fancy," in Conclave. Cardinal Rauscher, too, the foreigner has most of the Conclave's sympathy with him, has a very marked face, a face of separate and unmistakable power, with a good deal of temper and a Rood deal of pride, but full of brain, and suggesting to the observer who has uot seen him that of Sir George Lewis, though less humorous. He would govern the church, that man, but we doubt if all the machinery of Rome, enormous as it is, would keep him within the groove, or prevent him from manifesting a sovereign individuality, which would be extremely distasteful to the kind of Italian clericals who now monopolise power. He might dissolve the Jesuits, or declare that, the kings being gone and populace unstable, earth must rely on aristocrats like himself, or do any other great imprudence. Still, in that great election, he is one of the imminent possibilities.— Spectator. 