EX PARTE THACKERAY. — PROHIBITION. The following are the judgments delivered by Mr Justice HARGRAVE and Mr Justice CHEEKE in this case. Mr Justice HARGRAVE said: I need scarcely state that I have given this case my most anxious consideration ever since it was brought under our notice on 27th March last; not only on account of its great importance in relation to the efficiency the Church of England in this colony by this Supreme Court s maintaining the lawful spiritual authority of the Bishops of that communion (so far as the law can maintain such authority) over the clergymen of that communion officiating throughout each diocese, in all their ministrations of religion; which are enjoyed by nearly one-half of our population; but also on account of the great importance of this case to the clergymen and laity themselves The only duty, however, with which we, as Judges of the Supreme Court, are entrusted on the present occasion is to maintain the present law as between the Bishop of Newcastle and the Rev. Mr. Thackeray in their present status, and their legal rights towards each other, which status and legal rights seemed to my mind to have been most perfectly established and declared by the Privy Council for the guidance of this Court, so as to be now altogether beyond the slightest judicial doubt on my part. In the first place, I will state what is the present state of the law so far as relevant to the present case, which subject will be best considered, under the four following heads, viz :— First. The decisions of the Privy Council since 1863, defining and declaring the legal status and powers of colonial bishops, and fixing by such decisions, the boundaries to be maintained between their spiritual and legal authority, especially over the clergy. Secondly I will point out, as briefly as I can, how the old common law of England, while recognising the Christian religion as part of our laws, has from the earliest period of our history drawn especial boundaries round all episcopal and other spiritual persons, against their exceeding those boundaries. This branch of our law was solemnly considered and established by Lord Coke and all the English Judges, in their celebrated judgment in the great case of " Prohibitions," in James I. reign. Thirdly. I will show how the statute law of England, especially the statutes of Charles I. reign, have enacted still more clear barriers against spiritual parsons setting up their spiritual authority, or their spiritual claims of power by especially prohibiting the action of any so-called spiritual "Courts," or any other ecclesiastical jurisdictions or authority of any kind, as against other subjects of her Majesty, whether clerical or lay, unless authorized by our statute law. And fourthly. I will notice the special colonial law as to the Church of England in this colony, and several decisions of this Supreme Court as to prohibitions against illegal Courts, viz.: our prohibition on behalf of the Rev. George King against the Court attempted to be established by the present Bishop of Sydney, in 1861; and the two very recent cases of Prohibitions granted by this Court against the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, in the cases of Frost and M'Ilveen, in 1871. First, as to the Privy Council: The two decisions of the Privy Council most directly applicable to the present case, are Long v. Bishop of Cape Town, I. Moore's P. C. Reports, N. S 411 (1863) and in re Bishop of Natal, III. Moore's P. C , N. S. 115 (1864). These two decisions have been subsequently fully maintained and adopted, first by Lord Romilly, M. R. , in the case of Bishop of Natal v. Gladstone, 111. L.R Eq. (1866), secondly by the House of Lords, in the case of Bishop of Exeter v. Marshall, 6 L. R., II. of L., 17 (1866) and lastly, by the Privy Council itself, in the very recent case of Bishop of Cape Town v. Bishop of Natal, III. L R. P C. Appeals, 1 (1869). The first decision of the Privy Council, viz., Long v. Bishop of Cape Town, clearly establishes the following maxim, which is of infinite value both to the clergy and laity of the Church of England in all our colonies, viz . :—- That no colonial bishop whatever possesses any coercive authority, nor any right or power whatever, arbitrarily to deprive any licensed clergyman in his diocese of his license, or to suspend him from any of his clerical functions, except for some distinct and specific offence, actually committal by such clergyman against the laws of the Church of England, either in doctrine or discipline, and expressly charged against such clergyman, and examined and tried according to law before a competent tribunal. The second decision of the Privy Council on those matters is in re Bishop of Natal, which decision establishes a second maxim also of infinite importance to our colonial clergymen; viz., that the oath of canonical obedience to the bishops, taken by all clergymen at their ordination, only means that the clergymen so ordained will obey such commands as bishops are by law authorised to impose upon such clergyman; and that a clergyman can give no con- sensual promise to obey, except under a colonial statute. The case also declares " We have no established Church in this colony," that is, that no part of the so called "Ecclesiastical Law of England" nor any of the reported cases in the "Ecclesiastical Courts" where Special English or Irish bishops have exercised or claimed any extraordinary authority or coercive jurisdiction over English or Irish clergymen, or over any other persons in England or Ireland, form the slightest part of our colonial law, nor can any such decisions or dicta of English or Irish Judges be cited in our Courts as applicable in any sense whatever to our colonial bishops or clergymen, though nominally of the " Church of England," unless such decisions or dicta come within the principle established by the Rev. Mr. Long's case, — i.e., unless the charges or accusations against clergy!men are examined and tried by a competent tribunal within the colony. The other three cases I have mentioned above, namely, Bishop of Natal v. Gladstone, Bishop of Exeter v. Marshall, and Bishop of Cape Town v Bishop of Natal, are extremely useful, as showing how these great maxims of colonial law, as established in 1863 and 1864, by the two first-mentioned cases, have been subsequently and expressly maintained and acted upon first by Lord Romilly, M.R. (in 1866), with reference to the protection of bishops them- selves against all interference with their spiritual or civil rights, unless upon some proved offences by such bishops against the law or doctrine of the Church of England, to be proved against such bishop by evidence taken in some competent Court, and secondly by the Privy Council itself. Bishop of Cape Town v. Bishop of Natal (the judgment in which was delivered by Lord Justice Giffard in 1869) — establishes that all differences of opinion between conflicting episcopal persons, or conflicting ecclesiastical jurisdictions, or litigated matters in British colonies, are also to be decided in Courts of competent jurisdiction, the Privy Council expressly stating in their judgment that their Lordships decision in the Rev. Mr. Lowe s case " was not to be disputed or controverted." The fifth and only other modern decision I can find as applicable to the present case is the House of Lords' case of Bishop of Exeter v. Marshall; which is also an extremely valuable decision as to all future ecclesiastical matters, both in England and the colonies; because the House of Lords and the common law Judges, in all their several judgments given in this case, have strongly maintained the great doctrine laid down by Lord Hardwick in Middleton v Croft (2 Atk 650, and 2 Strange 1056) that the canons of 1603 have no binding authority whatever upon the laity of the Church of England, whether here or in England and have also no obligatory effect upon the clergy, whether here or in England, whenever any civil nights are in dispute, such as of "advowsons," livings, or another temporal or civil right, and that all the ecclesiastical canons of any date whatever are altogether ineffectual to protect any bishop, whether English or Colonial, in any illegal episcopal, or spiritual interference directly or indirectly, with the temporal or civil rights, either of clergymen or any other persons. These five most important decisions, four of which are by the highest Courts known to our law, or to us Judges of the Supreme Court seem to me to have declared and established the proper legal status and authority of colonial bishops over the clergymen officiating and ministering throughout each diocese — so as to render bishops (if they will only submit in all sincerity to such decisions) quite incapable of any illegalities towards their clergymen; and yet quite able to maintain all their proper spiritual authority over all the ministering clergymen of their communion. With reference to these five important decisions now established for our own guidance, I may be permitted most respectfully to remark as Judge of this Court that, notwithstanding all the discussions which have taken place (especially among ecclesiastical persons), both here and in England as to their decisions, I am satisfied that the more these decisions are considered by any constitutional lawyer, therefore consistent will they be found, not only with all the old common law of England, but also with all the great constitutional statutes of England, devoted expressly to prevent the ecclesiastical jurisdiction, whether here or in England, from exceeding its proper boundaries. I will now, therefore, in the second and third places consider the constitutional aspect of the present question; stating how the law of the present subject stands, when considered from a constitutional point of view. This branch of the subject may be shortly divided into the following four branches:— First. We, the colonists of New South Wales, " bring out with us" (to adopt the words of Blackstone) this first great common law maxim; distinctly laid down by Coke, and Blackstone, and every other English Judge long before any of our colonies were in legal existence or even thought of, that " Christianity is part and parcel of our general laws ;" and that all the revealed or divine law, so far as enacted by the Holy Scriptures to be of universal obligation, as part of our colonial law — as clearly explained by Blackstone, vol. I pp. 42-3, and vol. IV., pp. 43-60. Secondly. The next common law maxim, which is part of our colonial law, and laid down from the earliest history of our law ; when bishops and other spiritual persons first began to advance their own special claims of divine right i.e., their own spiritual authority, over the rest of her Majesty's subjects, whether ecclesiastics or the laity, U :— That on no pretence whatever can bishops do any act whatever under their divine right or spiritual authority, affecting any single clergyman or any of the laity of their diocese, except under the supervision and control of the temporal courts of justice; to be exercised by the Judges of the Queen's Bench in England, and as expressly conferred upon the Supreme Court of this colony by the third section of our Constitution Act (9 Geo. IV. c. 83) ; subject to the supervision and correction by the Privy Council of the Imperial Statute in that behalf. This second common law maxim of our Constitutional Law obviously lies at the foundation of the Privy Council's decisions in the Rev. Mr. Long's case and in re Bishop of Natal. The third branch of the constitutional view of the present question is the well-known history of Archbishop a'Beckett, and his resistance to the Constitutions of Clarendon in Henry Il.'s reign, 12th century; — the subsequent proceedings in restraint of the "Articled Clerk " of Archbishop Boniface in Henry VIII's reign, in the same century; when the Judges of the Queen's Bench were threatened with excommunication for issuing prohibitions against the illegal acts of that Archbishop; — and Lord Coke's firm conduct, as Chief Justice in James I.'s reign, adopting all the previous decisions of the Common Law Judges, and resisting all the claims of Archbishop Whit- gift and the "Articuli Cleri" of Bishop Bancroft, and maintaining to its full extent this very jurisdiction by way of "Prohibition." All these proceedings are fully reported by Lord Coke as the great "case or prohibitions;" 2 Inst. 599, and discussed in Hallam's "Middle Ages," 2, 316, and are so many distinct statements of the Common Law as against the improper use of ecclesiastical authority, whether by bishops or any other spiritual persons and all these maxims and judicial authorities upon this important branch of our Constitutional Law are most undoubtedly part and parcel of our colonial law, as protecting our clergy and our laity against improper ecclesiastical authority and whether claimed officially or personally, in any way whatever; whenever attempted to be exercised by any bishop; outside the express legal boundaries so clearly laid down by Lord Coke and the Common Law judges of England; and whether such innovation be attempted against clergymen or against the laity. The fourth branch of the constitutional law of England, which is also part and parcel of our Constitutional Law, consists of the great constitutional statutes of the sixteenth century ; such as the Act of Supremacy, as enacted by the Parliaments of the Reformation, intended not only to protect all British subjects against any ecclesiastical authority from foreign sources, whether prince or prelate ; but also to prevent the establishment of any " Court of Justice " of any kind whatever, except under the express authority and in the name of the Queen as "the fountain of justice ;" exercised in modern times only by her Majesty by Act of Parliament. In this branch of our Constitutional Law we must include also the equally important statutes of the seventeenth century abolishing the Star Chamber and High Commission Court ; " those gloomy conclaves," as Mr. Hallam calls them, which, under the arbitrary sway of Archbishop Laud and Lord Strafford brought Church and Monarchy into commingled ruin. The statute abolishing the Star Chamber is not a mere civil enactment, but is also directed against the setting up of any illegal Court, jurisdiction, or authority by any " Archbishop, Bishop, or Vicar- General, or their Chancellor, or any other spiritual or ecclesiastical judge, officer, or minister of justice or ANY OTHER PERSON whatever." (Star Chamber Abolition Act, 1641.) The same Parliament of England endeavoured to put a stop to all those spiritual or ecclesiastical " Courts " and "jurisdictions;" by abolishing the High Commission Court, that "younger birth of tyranny," as Hallam calls it; and enacting " that from and after the first day of August, 1641, no new Court shall be erected, ordained, or appointed within the realm of England or dominion of Wales, which shall or may have the like power, jurisdiction, or authority, as the said High Commission Court now hath, or pretendeth to have, but that all and every letters patents, commissions, and grants made, or to be made by his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and all powers and authorities granted, or pretended, or mentioned, to be granted, thereby, and all acts, sentences, and decrees to be made by virtue or colour thereof shall be utterly void, and of none effect." The great object of this important Constitutional statute (which, though worded only as to England and Wales, is also declaratory of the old common law applicable to all her Majesty's dominions, and is quite effectual to protect us all — both clerical and laity — from all the grievous iniquities of those ecclesiastical tribunals of "Courts of Inquiry ; " and especially from such things as the oath ex officio, and all the various other oppressive proceedings compelling clergymen and others to expurgate themselves," as in the present case, from slanderous rumours." Mr. Hallam (at vol. 1, p. 202) thus epitomises the iniquities of the High Commission Court:— "The High Commission Court, originally established under the Act of Supremacy, twelve of whose members were bishops, had extended its powers ever since the reign of Elizabeth; and was authorised by the Crown to inquire 'by any means they could devise,' into absence from church, heresies, schisms, incests, adulterers, and all offences of the kind; to examine all suspected persons on their oaths; and to punish all who should refuse to obey their orders; to deprive all beneficed persons, &c.;" The fifth branch of our Constitutional Law applicable to the present case is the long list of modern judicial decisions since 1760, directed against the introduction into this or any other colony of any of the local spiritual laws of England as to the Established Church of England or Ire- land or as to any ecclesiastical matters of any kind whatever ; which, though remaining law in England, as to the Church of England, or Church of England and Ireland, as by law " established," are not "law" in this colony, and are not applicable to any colony having a Legislature, until adopted by us or confirmed by some express colonial statute. I allude to such decisions as Sir W. Grant's decision as to the Mortmain Acts in Attorney-General v. Stewart 2 Mer. 163 (1816) down to Wicker v. Hume 1 Do. G., M. and G. 606 (1852):— all expressly deciding not only that the English statutes and decisions as to those English ecclesiastical matters are not law in our colony ; but also of all the decisions and dicta, whether cited from Comyn's Digest Title, Eglise, from Salkald's Reports, from Bacon's Abridgment, from the Law Reports, whether ecclesiastical or lay, or Burns' Ecclesiastical Law, are not "brought out" by our colonial bishops, as if annexed by implication to their commissions — but are left behind in the mother country, like the laws of Mortmain and Tithe laws ; being solely applicable (as Blackstone complacently says to his readers in 1765) to the "artificial refinements of English Law; among which he expressly mentions the English " Spiritual Courts." It is also quite clear that the 3rd and 14th sections of the English Church Discipline Act of 1840 to put down "scandals" have no application to this colony, although the legal advisers of the Bishop appear to have framed the present proceedings under those sections, but given only seven instead of fourteen days' notice to Mr. Thackeray ; they are not "brought out" to this colony by our colonial bishops, and therefore have ever application whatever to the present matter. I have thought it due to the great importance of the present subject thus to state, as briefly as I could my view of the five branches of the English constitutional law which form part of our own colonial constitutional law; in restraint of the spiritual claims of bishops when advanced among us beyond the limits fixed by the common law of England, the English Parliament, and the English Judges and altogether independent of the modern decisions of the Privy Council and the superior English Courts; because during the progress of those most invaluable decisions since 1863, it has always seemed to me that the general effect of those decisions was by no means to introduce any new principles, or to create any new or special exemp- tions of us colonists from excessive spiritual claims ; but rather to adapt all our old English constitutional law in ecclesiastical matters to the modern difficulties and dangers of religious liberty; according to the special circumstances of our colonies, as under free institutions and our responsible local self-government ; with a view rather to the practical maintenance of episcopal authority than to destroy it. I now come to consider the fourth branch of our present law as applicable to the present prohibition, viz., our local colonial statutes as to the Church of England and the decision of our own Supreme Court by the prohibition granted in 1861, to restrain the present Bishop of Sydney from his proceedings against the Rev. George King and also the two prohibitions granted by this Court in Frost's and McIlveen's cases 1871. As to the Church of England Act of 5th William IV., c. 5, extended by 30th Victoria, 1866, and the elaborated con- sensual constitutions, as agreed to by the bishops and clergy, and lay representatives of all dioceses the colony, and the provincial synod ; as deposited in our Supreme Court, and as annexed to Mr. Thackeray's affidavit, there cannot be a doubt that these statutes and constitutions when read together by any disinterested person have effectually provided the Bishops, and the clergy and laity of the Church of England communion in this colony, with a most perfect organization for the effective regulation of all their ecclesiastical matters, whether spiritual or temporal. Sections 29 and 30 of Act of William IV. effectually provide for the revocation of any license, but only " upon cause shown," which obviously is the fundamental maxim of natural justice. If there be some statutory omissions or silence as to the details of the proceedings to be followed by the bishop after calling upon a clergyman "to show cause;" such omission or silence can never be held to imply a legislative sanction to absolute and arbitrary proceedings which any bishop may choose to adopt ex mero motu — dehors the statute altogether; and against natural justice. Moreover the recent colonial constitution as to the diocesan and appellate tribunals fully created by those constitutions of the Bishops, and Church of England, clerical and lay, have supplied in fact all the omissions of the Act of William IV. The Rev. Geroge King's case, 1861, simply decided that a bishop cannot create, ex mero motu, any new court or tribunal of his own "arbitrators" or commissaries, or any otherwise named ; nor can the Bishop call upon any clergy- man to join in the construction of any such new fashioned arbitration court, and then submit himself to such "new tribunal," constructed only pro re nata. The passage at the end of this judgment of Mr. Justice Dickinson and Mr. Justice Webb in Rev. George King's case suggesting, or even asserting the possible legality of the Bishop's proceeding to decide any clergyman's right to retain his license simply by his own episcopal authority, is a mere obiter dictum; and the most that can be said about this dictum is, that the Privy Council decisions cited above, especially the decision in the Rev. Mr. Long's case, have completely overthrown this suggestion, and decided the very opposite of such dictum as to "episcopal authority," and also decided that any consensual court must not be set up pro re nata, but must be first sanctioned by our local Legislature ; which decisions are beyond doubt, now the clear law of our colony. The latest cases of colonial prohibitions which I have now to notice, are the two cases of ex-parte Sempill in re Frost, and ex-parte Sempill in re M'Ilveen, June 28,1871; in which the late Chief Justice (Sir Alfred Stephen), Mr. Justice Cheeke and myself (after argument by counsel) most carefully considered the whole question of these quasi-judicial "Courts of Inquiry" and we unanimously decided that a prohibition ought to go to restrain the Chief Commissioner from any such attempted "inquiry," as he proposed to hold into the conduct of Mr. Sempill as an official under his control; the Commissioner having no legal jurisdiction to hold such " inquiry." After the conclusion of our separate judgments, the Court unanimously declared against the legality of such "inquiries;" and this Court also unanimously decided to issue a prohibition, and not simply to re- scind the order of the Chief Commissioner ; the former course being decided upon on the ground, that this was an assumption of power to act by inquiry as if a court, and a claim of jurisdiction which the Chief Commissioner did not possess. Having thus stated my view of all the law of this colony applicable to the present prohibition, I must now state the facts of this case as briefly as I can. With regard to the facts of the present case Mr. Thackeray's affidavit sets forth a full copy of the constitu- tions for the management and good government of the Church of England and Ireland within the colony New South Wales, as adopted at the general conference of the bishops and clerical and lay representatives of all the dioceses in April 1866 ; containing first, in clauses 18 and 19, the provisions for establishing a diocesan tribunal for the trial of offences by clergymen licensed within the diocese, either as to doctrine or discipline and that no clergyman's license should be withdrawn, cancelled, or revoked unless at his own request, or as a consequence of a sentence by each tribunal, but saving all powers then vested in the Bishop. Mr. Thackeray's affidavit then sets forth his education at St. Bees ; the two certificates of his admission to deacon and priest's orders by Dr. Prince Leo, the Bishop of Manchester, in 1852 and 1853, each certificate testifying to his virtuous and pious life and conversation. He then narrates his year's residence in Melbourne in 1855, and his arrival in 1856 at West Maitland ; where he was most graciously received as a guest with his wife and children by the present Bishop, and at once licensed to the incumbency of West Maitland. The Bishop's affidavit also acts forth a paper which was signed by Mr. Thackeray and the Bishop before the license was issued to him; to the effect that until Mr. Thackeray obtained the testimonial of three years' residence in that diocese Mr. Thackeray would hold his position "at the disposal" of the Bishop. This was obviously a very proper paper to be signed by both parties in 1856, as Mr. Thackeray had not then since his ordination hold any appointment for three years in any one diocese. I have mentioned this document as the Bishop puts it forward in his affidavits, but his counsel very properly did not lay any stress upon his paper, as in the least applicable to Mr. Thackeray after his seventeen years unblemished character at St. Paul's, and as not produced by the Bishop till the present proceedings were about to be commenced. Mr. Thackeray's affidavit then sets forth the clauses of the Bishop's letters patent, dated 1847, and the 19th section of our Church Temporalities Act, 1837, endorsed on his own license as minister, under which authority "he commenced his ministry ; there being no church, no parsonage, no school, and in fact nothing but the green sod." He narrates how his clerical labours prospered, till he had gathered together the largest congregation into his church, possessing the best organ and the finest choir in the whole diocese, and was the only church in the diocese whom there is a peal of bells; and that he had himself expended from £1200 to £1400 on the church, residence and grounds, together with the schoolroom. His affidavit then sets forth the adoption by the Synod of the diocese of Newcastle, in 1866, of the General Constitutions previously set forth, containing the provisions fora "Tribunal," or Diocesan Court," and the submission of himself and all other clergy- men to that Synod made to the Bishop himself in 1870; and especially the provisions made in 1872 for constituting the appellate tribunal from decisions of the Diocesan Court. Mr. Thackeray's affidavit then sets out his correspondence in December, and narrates his interviews with the Bishop from November, 1873 ; when he discussed with the Bishop the first scandalous reports against his moral character ; but "he satisfied the Bishop as to the untruthfulness of such reports, and they parted quite amicably." It then appears that Mr. Thackeray applied for a year's leave of absence on account of his daughter's health, but after some discussion and on a statement by the Bishop of the new scandalous charges he had heard against Mr. Thackeray, the latter withdrew his application for leave of absence ; although the Bishop offered to obtain for him the usual canonical credentials to other Bishops, from three clergymen of the Newcastle diocese as to his having lived "piously, soberly, and honestly," and that such clergy- men had not heard anything to the contrary, &c.;, and that they believed him in their consciences to be as to his "moral character, a person worthy to be licensed to the cure of souls." Mr. Thackeray further sets out how on the 19th December the Bishop confirmed the young persons presented by him for confirmation, having previously "administered the Holy Communion to him in both kinds by his own hands;" thus showing that he could not then have believed the scandalous imputations affecting Mr. Thackeray's character. The present proceedings appear by Mr. Thackeray's affidavit to have been commenced by a letter he received from Mr, Barker, the Bishop s solicitor, dated the 13th January, 1874 ; but carefully stated not to be in that character, though written with the Bishop's knowledge , offering to confer with Mr. Thackeray previous to formal proceedings, &c.;, and to avoid scandal, &c.; An interview then took place at Mr Barker's office, as to which Mr. Thackeray and Mr. Barker differ so much that it is unneces- sary to refer to it, as of much or indeed any importance on the present application. After leaving Mr Barker's office Mr. Thackeray, by a letter to Mr. Barker, dated 29th January, says, "I decline to accede to the Bishop s I suggestion as to resignation, even with the understanding that all my canonical papers shall be perfected by him for another diocese." To this letter Mr. Barker replies on 31st January, by "regrets," &c.;, &c.;, and states that "the Bishop will act at once as he may be advised. The next stop was the Bishop's formal inhibition to Mr. Thackeray by letter on 19th February from "exercising his ministerial functions in the Church of St. Paul, West Maitland, or elsewhere in the diocese; until either you shall have satisfied me of the groundlessness of the charges involved in the reports, or I shall have been enabled to investigate the matter, in case it should be necessary for me to do so." This inhibition contained a statement of formal charges of gross immorality reported against Mr. Thackeray, which Mr. Thackeray did not set out in his affidavit; but which was read to the Court, containing the specific reports complaining of Mr. Thackeray's intercourse with Mrs. Frank Stephen and with Mrs. Philpotts. On the following day, February 20, Mr. Thackeray wrote to the Bishop a letter stating the charges to be "gross slanders" against his character as a clergyman, and declining to submit to the inhibition until "after cause shown before a competent tribunal," and on the following Sunday, 26th February, he Mr Thackeray performed divine service as usual, in St Paul's Church, in open resistance of the Bishop's inhibition. On the 26th February the Bishop wrote to Mr. Thackeray, acknowledging the receipt of Mr. Thackeray's letter of 20th, refusing to obey the inhibition of the 19th, and then proceeding as follows "I am officially informed, however, that in disregard of that duty which you as a clergyman owe to me as the Bishop, to whom is committed the charge and government over you, and under whose license you have hitherto officiated as minister of Saint Paul's Church, West Mait- land, you did on Sunday last, the twenty-second day of February instant, contrary and in wilful disobedience to my direction, perform divine service in the said church of Saint Paul. Now therefore I do hereby require you to appear before me at my residence at Morpeth on Tuesday, the third day of March next, at 12 o'clock noon, to show cause why the license granted to you by me, dated the 13th day of May, 1856, under which you have hitherto officiated as a minister of the said church, and all or any other licences or faculties under which you are entitled, or claim to be entitled, to officiate as a clergyman in the said church or elsewhere within the diocese of Newcastle, should not be withdrawn, cancelled, or revoked, for that you being a licensed clergyman of the said diocese did, by officiating in the said church on Sunday last, under the circumstances he embossed mentioned, wilfully, and against your duty as such clergyman, disobey my reasonable and lawful direction as your Bishop, and refuse to pay such obedience as is due from you to me as the Bishop of the diocese under whose license alone you have had any right t[o] officiate in the said church. In case you shall refuse to attend before me as hereby required, I shall, at the time and place above specified, proceed to inquire into and determine the matter in such manner as appears to me to be just and in accordance with my duty as the Bishop of of this diocese. I am, reverend sir, your obedient servant, W. Newcastle. To the Reverend James Robert Thackeray, St Paul's, West Maitland." To prevent any mistake as to these proceedings on March 3rd, I will narrate them from the Bishop's own affidavit:— "17. After hearing from Mr. Barker the result of his correspondence and interview with Mr. Thackeray, and from the communications made to me, I felt that I could not any longer with any regard to my duty or the interests of the Church and the diocese committed to me, permit him to continue to minister in the Church of St. Paul's or elsewhere until the scandals had been investigated and accordingly I immediately conferred with my counsel, Mr. Alexander Gordon, and my solicitor, Mr William Barker, and in accordance with their advice I sent to Mr. Thackeray the letter of February 19th, and inclosure set out in the nineteenth paragraph of his affidavit. " 18. It was my anxious desire to act strictly in conformity with my duty as the Bishop of the diocese, and in accordance with what I believed and was advised was the course of procedure declared by the Supreme Court on the 11th day of February, 1861, in the case of the Rev. George King; and with that view all the proceedings set forth in the subsequent paragraphs of Mr. Thackeray's affidavit were taken by me under the advice of my counsel and solicitor as aforesaid. The list of charges appended to the said letter were written separately and on a separate sheet of paper, in order that the letter might be produced without producing the particulars of the charges in which other persons' names were necessarily mentioned. " 19. I have throughout the whole of the proceedings of which Mr. Thackeray complains acted solely from a conscientious desire to discharge my duty as Bishop of the diocese with fidelity and in the exercise of such authority as I believed I possessed ; I have endeavoured to prevent the great scandal to the Church and to religion by prohibiting a clergyman from ministering in the church whilst there were rumours so seriously affecting his character." Mr. Thackeray's affidavit sets out several extracts from the Bishop's charges to his clergy in which the several decisions of the Privy Council above mentioned are considered; and from which it seems to me that the Bishop would have acted far more efficiently by at once pro- ceding to constitute "the tribunal" authorised by law, than to attempt to take the course he has done under the dictum in the Rev. George King's case; the more especially as Mr. Thackeray has continuously to the present date stated his perfect readiness to submit to such tribunal. The Bishop's affidavit then proceeds as follows:— "20. If the said James Robert Thackeray had acted in accordance with my letter of the 11th day of February, and had ceased to minister in the church until the charges against him had been investigated, I should have taken the earliest opportunity of investigating all the matters of scandal alleged against him, and have afforded him the fullest opportunity of being heard either personally or by counsel or solicitor, and of hearing and cross- examining the witnesses, and also of producing such evidence as he thought fit on his own behalf ; but after the receipt of his letter of the 20th day of February, and finding that he had in wilful defiance of my directions officiated the following Sunday, I felt that I should be unfaithful in my office if I did not immediately deal with him for his wilful breach of discipline, and (acting under the advice of counsel) I proceeded to call upon him to show cause why his license should not be revoked, as set forth in his affidavit. " 21. I had been advised by counsel before the proceedings were taken, and it was in accordance with my own opinion and desire that Mr. Thackeray should have the fullest opportunity of showing cause why his license should not be revoked, and I was ready and willing to hear anything that he or his counsel or solicitor might urge on his behalf, but he declined to attend, and his counsel did nothing but object to my jurisdiction, and (after reading it) he handed in a written protest signed by Mr. Thackeray as set out in his affidavit, but he did not express any desire to address me, or to take any further part in the matter." " 23. After counsel had handed in Mr. Thackeray's protest, I told him that I intended to proceed with the matter, and that I would weigh and consider the objection that had been put forward by Mr. Wisdom as counsel for Mr. Thackeray; and thereupon Mr. Wisdom withdrew, and no person appearing on behalf of Mr. Thackeray, I required all the documents as evidence to be read, and everything having been done, but to express my determination upon the matter, I declared the inquiry to be closed, and informed the persons present that my decision would be given on the following day. I did not exclude any person who desired to be present at the enquiry ; but I did say at the outset that it was not a public Court, and my intention in doing so was to show that I was not assuming to hold a Court, but to act, as I believed to be, in accordance with the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case to which I have before referred.''' This decision was given in writing the very next day in the final letter and decision of the Bishop absolutely withdrawing and rescinding Mr. Thackeray's licence and declaring all connection ceasing between himself as Bishop and Mr. Thackeray as Presbyter. It is plain from the Bishop's own statement, and it is not attempted to be denied, that up to the present hour not a single witness has been found to depose, either before the Bishop or his Court, up to the application for this prohibi- tion — or indeed to the present hour, as to the slightest criminality of Mr. Thackeray towards either of the ladies mentioned in the inhibition. Upon such a clear statement of the facts of the present case as narrated by the Bishop from the issue of the inhibition of the 19th February to the final and absolute revocation of Mr. Thackeray's license on the 5th March, I am bound to state that all the Bishop's proceedings complained of in this application are undoubtedly illegal and void ; because no law, no common law, no statute law, no colonial law, can be cited in their favour, either in suspending Mr. Thackeray " before cause shown," or in call- ing upon him to answer these "rumours" — that is, requir- ing him to "expurgate himself" from these rumours; nor any direct accusations made against him of those crimes which the Bishop has always most properly declined to make against Mr. Thackeray, or even to bring before Mr. Thackeray or this Court, otherwise than as rumours, and only rumours. The two decisions of the Privy Council in the Rev. Mr. Long's case and in re the Bishop of Natal, expressly lay- ing down our colonial laws in these matters, are of course the chief judicial grounds of this my opinion ; but I may also state with the most sincere respect towards those decisions, that I consider my present judgment to be also strongly confirmed — first, by the broad constitutional view of the question ever since Lord Coke's case of prohibition; and secondly, by the two decisions of this Court in 1871 in Frost's and M'Ilveen's cases. Moreover, when we consider that the charges contained in these rumours were not of bad doctrine preached by Mr. Thackeray, but were charges of the grossest moral crime to be charged against Mr. Thackeray as a clergyman or as a gentleman; and were so deliberately but most illegally endorsed by the Bishop in his inhibition in February; that I feel myself compelled to remark that the Bishop's proceedings were in my opinion not only altogether illegal and void, but were (by the advice of his counsel and solicitor) so hastily instituted and conducted in a manner which was throughout so contrary to natural justice, that this Court is bound to maintain with a firm hand the protection of our social life, no less than the legal rights of clergymen, from any repetition of such proceedings, whether considered as to Mr. Thackeray alone or as to the other persons mentioned in the exhibition and its enclosure. It was, indeed, slightly suggested that few or no cases of prohibition against Bishops had occurred, certainly not within late years. To this suggestion it is enough to remark that the common law right of prohibition against Bishops and their illegalities of every kind is too clearly established by Lord Coke's conduct and decision in James I.'s reign and the paucity of any prohibitions against Bishops since the constitutional statutes of Charles I.'s reign, is fully accounted for by the wise submission of all Protestant Bishops to the great constitutional principles then established. I will now proceed to inquire into the three chief arguments advanced at the Bar as legal objections against the prohibition being issued. First, it was argued that admitting the Bishop's conduct towards Mr. Thackeray to be altogether void in law, and illegal down to the issue of the present prohibition ; still, it was contended that several technical objections existed to the rule nisi being now made absolute by the Court, so as to restrain the Bishop from further proceedings against Mr. Thackeray. The first of these technical objections was: That as the Bishop's proceedings had extended to the final and absolute revocation of Mr. Thackeray's license before the application was made to this Court for the rule nisi; therefore in technical language, "nothing remained for this Court to prohibit." The second of these technical objections to the prohibi- tion was, that the Bishop had expressly stated, both before commencing his own quasi Court, on the 3rd March, and afterwards argued in this Court by his counsel, that the Bishop was inquiring into these matters, not as a "Court," but as a sort of "forum domesticum, or in "for conscientiæ." or in some other capacity which it was contended did not constitute a "Court" in law, and therefore was not open to prohibition. These two objections are obviously rather contradictory to each other; but may be easily answered, both separately and combined. And before considering those arguments separately no questions of technical law, it may be as well to remark that the practical effect upon all the officiating clergymen the Church of England, if either of these arguments can be maintained, either separately or combined, will undoubtedly be that their present form of license, though (like Mr. Thackeray's) absolutely unconditional in its terms, will be subject to the sole will and pleasure of the Bishops, by inhibition on any Saturday afternoon against their performing divine service next morning and by consequence, the tenure or occupation by the clergymen of all their parsonages will be open to the like ejectment through the Bishops' attorneys, as is now pending against Mr. Thackeray and his family and this may be rendered final and irrevocable without the clergyman having in fact been guilty of the least offence except refusing to obey the sudden and illegal inhibition by the Bishop, or refusing to answer any scandalous reports, from which the Bishop may choose to require the clergyman to expurgate himself, except to answer such rumours or charges in open Court, or before some legal tribunal known to our law. I will now consider these technical arguments separately; and, first, as to the Bishop having absolutely revoked Mr. Thackeray's license on the 5th day of March, so as to leave "nothing for this Court to prohibit." To this suggestion there are three conclusive answers, namely:— First. The revocation of the license being intended from the first to be, and being now, the basis of the now pending action of ejectment, under the Church Temporalities Act, the prohibition will obviously not be without operation, for it will undoubtedly most effectually restrain all further proceedings in such ejectment, by this Court's judicial declaration upon this rule that the inhibition and revocation were both illegal and void. Secondly. The prohibition, being asked to restrain the proceedings on the original exhibition, will, of course, thereby set aside the inhibition, as well as all the subsequent proceedings, as illegal and void. Thirdly. This Court will never allow the Bishop to maintain his own illegality in the inhibition merely by his having added to such illegality by attempting to close the doors of this Court by the Bishop's revoking Mr. Thack- eray's license, almost concurrently with his having summoned him to appear and answer an illegal charge thus illegally adjudicated upon by the Bishop. The case of Leman v. Goulty, 3 East, p. 3 (1789) is also a direct authority against this argument, if any authority were required. With regard to the second technical objection, namely, that the suggestion that these proceedings did not in form constitute any "Court" proceedings, and therefore were not open to "prohibition;" these specious objections were all urged before the Privy Council in the Rev. Mr. Long's case, in the Bishop's defence against the action, and in almost precisely the same words as before this Court. Nevertheless the objection obtained not the least sanction from the Privy Council, as entitled to the least consideration by any Court of justice. The suggestion, though in that case set up as a defence against Mr. Long's action at law, is clearly equally unavailing and ineffectual as against any rule for "prohibition" or any other proceeding in any Court of justice. In the Rev. Mr. Long's case, as in the present case, the Bishop had (p. 423) directed the clergyman to "understand that he was not at that stage summoned to a trial, but to a private meeting, at which he might offer, if he pleased, apology or explanation;" and again, at p. 424, "that the meeting was to be considered private, and not in the nature of a trial." Nevertheless the Privy Council (p. 467) gently but most decisively dismissed all those "double aspect" considerations out of all judicial consideration and said page 462, " with the Bishop's authority in spiritual matters," or " Mr. Long's obligations in foro conscientiæ," "we have not to deal," &c.;, nor with the Bishop's sitting in "foro domestico." " There also the Privy Council decided that, notwithstanding the final revocation of the Rev. Mr. Long's license, and even the appointment by the Bishop of Mr. Long's successor ; still, for the purposes of Justice, "the relation of Bishop and licensed clergyman still continued existing in law as between these two parties, and the whole question was before the Court, viz :— "Was the Bishop warranted by law in issuing the two orders either of suspension or deprivation," which Mr. Long impugned as being illegal and void, and which the Privy Council over- turned ab initio. At page 466, their lordships also say " The Judges of the Supreme Court of Cape Town were justified in examining, and indeed were under the obliga- tion of examining the whole matter submitted to them, and seeing whether the proceedings complained of were conducted with due attention to the rules of substantial justice and strict impartiality which are necessary to be observed by all tribunals" &c.; Here, also (as mere matters of fact), occurring between February 19th and March 6th, we have the "charge" that he had disobeyed the Bishop by his performing divine service after being forbidden so to do; a summons to answer for this "disobedience" at a fixed time and place — the Bishop's palace — the Bishop, chaplain, &c.;, there present, the Judge being the Bishop, perhaps necessarily so; — Mr. Thackeray's appearance by counsel and attorney, and their protest; — the Bishop going on still in his illegal course, as then proposed against Mr. Thackeray, and the retirement after such protest by Mr. Thackeray's counsel and attorney; and lastly, the so-called final decision of the Judge, and the formal communication of such quasi decision to the Rev. Mr. Thackeray the party summoned; and now we have most properly the appearance of the Bishop by counsel and attorney to maintain in this Court that this quasi decision was and is good and valid in law. is all this be not the proceedings of an intended "Court," I confess I am quite at a loss to understand how the mere assertion by the Bishop, or his counsel or attorney, can establish that this was not acting as a "Court," and as such strictly and technically within the scope of a "prohibition" in its narrowest possible meaning. It must be remarked that the parties concerned in this matter are not in any sense the Right Reverend Dr. Tyrrel and the Rev. Mr. Thackeray, but the Bishop of Newcastle and a licensed presbyter of his diocese, and both parties are mutually perfect strangers to each other, except in their ecclesiastical relation towards each other. This attempted abnegation of his episcopal functions the Bishop very properly admits emanated from his then legal advisers, Mr. Alexander Gordon and Mr. Barker, who prepared a carefully- written memorandum even of the Bishop's words to be used before his presbyter on that memorable 4th day of March, 1874. It would indeed be a strange thing if this Supreme Court should decide that any other quasi judicial functionary in the colony could protect himself and his illegal documents and conduct from "prohibition," merely by a solemn assertion from his own lips, and subsequently repeated in his affidavits and at this Bar that he held no "Court," but only an "inquiry" while engaged in these illegalities ; which assertion amounts, in fact, merely to this, that he did not with this Court to interfere by prohibition. The absurdity of such an argument, if advanced by any Court of Petty Sessions or any mere Justice of the Peace, is too manifest to be listened to for an instant; and I do not see that the argument acquires any strength from its being solemnly advanced and argued upon on behalf of a Bishop of the Church of England ; however much we may respect both the Bishop and his office, more especially if the legal result of this assertion of "no Court" will be to turn the clergyman out of his appointment without the slightest real "inquiry." If, indeed, the Bishop's proceedings had been against Mr. or Mrs. Philpott, with regard to whom no legal rela- tion existed, at between bishop and the lay members of the Church of England, then indeed the Bishop probably would not be liable to " prohibition," and this because Mr. and Mrs. Philpott would otherwise protect themselves against these episcopal proceedings, as they have done, by an action of defamation ; or, if Mr. Thackeray had been inhibited or summoned to appear, and proceeded against by another Bishop, say the Bishop of Armidale, towards whom he stood in no ecclesiastical relation whatever, then indeed I can also understand that no "prohibition" would be necessary, or need be issued, because no court could be held as between such parties, and all such proceedings would be simply nugatory; but in the present case it is clear that a "court" was held, though illegal in all its proceedings, above and it is equally dear that under the decision of the Privy Council in His Rev. Mr. Long's case, this Supreme Court cannot listen to these assertions of the Bishop, or rather of his advisers, that those proceedings can be viewed as with a double aspect — "court" and "no court" — and thus the Bishop and his attorney can go on now unchecked by "prohibition" to continue these illegal proceedings against Mr. Thackeray till they eject him from his parsonage as well as lock him out of his church. Moreover, it seems to me that the very recent case of Dawkins v. Lord Rokeby, 4 Fost. and Fin., and 8 L. R., Q. B., 255, expressly decides that all "courts of enquiry, are co nomine "courts;" and as such therefore subject to all the laws relating to "courts," whether "prohibitions" or any other branch of our law. I now come to consider a very novel but serious argument, which is not at all technical, but was advanced on the part of the Bishop in maintenance of all these proceedings against our interference. It was contended to this Court that the Bishop had precisely the same right to suspend or inhibit Mr. Thackeray from all his church functions in the diocese of Newcastle, and also to go on to revoke his clergyman's license in toto, that the Government and Executive Council of this colony has to suspend or inhibit a Clerk of the Peace, or any other public servant or subordinate official, from his functions under our Civil Government. When this argument was advanced at the bar, I merely asked the learned counsel to read to this Court the spiritual duties entrusted to the Rev. Mr. Thackeray and to all clergymen by the ordination service, for the performance of which they then devoted and set apart their whole lives, after the most solemn inquiries by the ordaining Bishop, both at the ordinations of deacons and priests, and their own most solemn assertion that "they are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon themselves this office and ministration — to serve God for the promoting of His glory and the edifying of His people — to read the Gospel in the church of God, and to preach the same if licensed," &c.; ; " to search for the sick, poor, and impotent people of the parish, and to set themselves a wholesome example to the flock of Christ and always to minister the doctrine and sacraments and the discipline of Christ, as the Lord hath commanded," &c.;, &c.; In truth the mere reading of the Ordination Services of a Deacon or Priest is far more than sufficient answer to this degrading suggestion or analogy now for the first time advanced, and never before even hinted at in a newspaper, as to the office or status of a clergyman of any denomination whatever. Moreover, how can the Governor or head of a department; be assimilated to a bishop or a bishop to the Governor and Executive Council ; nor is Mr. Thackeray in any sense the paid or hired servant of the Bishop of the Church of England ; but a sacred though subordinate functionary, ordained and set apart like the Bishop himself in a perfectly independent position to administer the Holy Sacraments and other ordinances of the Church of England, to the souls of those persons who place themselves under their conjoint spiritual care in one diocese, as bishop and clergyman, according to the law of the land and the doctrines of the Christian religion. Lastly, to answer this argument ex absurd, because the argument was so strenuously pressed upon the Court, It simply amounts to this, that if the Bishop can lawfully ex mero motu suspend or remove any one clergyman of his diocese from his ministrations, he can also lawfully suspend or remove all clergymen from their present ministrations and homes, or even place the whole diocese under a Protestant interdict. As a final objection to this prohibition it was argued that these scandals were injurious to the Church and religion, and required these extraordinary proceedings on the part of the Bishop. Any one who peruses the interviews between these parties and the narrative of the proceedings between the Bishop and Mr. Thackeray from November, 1873, to February, 1874, till the 19th February, must see how easily these most disagreeable matters might have been investigated by the Bishop strictly according to law without any of the present litigation, so expensive and so persistently pressed to the present hour by the Bishop against Mr. Thackeray. In the first place the Bishop might have proceeded long ago to constitute the tribunal directed to be appointed under his own recent diocesan and provincial constitutions, &c.;, signed and assented to both by himself and by Mr. Thackeray, and by every other clergyman of the Newcastle diocese. In fact so far as can judge from the several passages set forth in Mr. Thackeray's affidavit from the Bishop's own charges of late years, to his clergy in relation to the Privy Council decisions, this course would be most advisable for all parties, and certainly seems not unacceptable to the Bishop himself. Secondly. The Bishop, if he had any reasonable evidence to support these charges against Mr. Thackeray, might have proceeded ab initio under the 19th and 20th sections of the Church Temporalities Act, and called upon Mr. Thackeray to show cause "why his license should not be revoked "; though not on the ground of rumours and scandals, but on the plain and intelligible ground of Mr. Thackeray's actual guilt of an " offence," as required by the Privy Council. If the Bishop had adopted either of these two courses, Mr. Thackeray would at least have had a fair opportunity of seeing and hearing his accusers "face to face," and all the principles of natural justice would have been maintained inviolate. Moreover, by either of these two courses, the Bishop would have relieved himself from the extremely difficult position of double aspect, and conflicting duties ; so commented upon by the Privy Council in Mr. Long's case, of being in effect Judge and prosecutor. Inasmuch as the Bishop had these two obvious courses open to him, if he had any real belief in the slightest foundation for these scandalous reports, whereby scan- dal might have been lawfully put an end to ; and, inasmuch as his advisers must have recommended him NOT to adopt either of these courses, I can not help stating my clear opinion that the course in fact adopted by the Bishop, and now restrained by the present prohibition, was not, in fact, "necessary" in any sense for the good of the Church, which the Bishop I am sure, must have had in view ; but was merely an attempt by the Bishop's advisers to establish and maintain an arbitrary power in colonial bishops which the Courts of common law have always resisted as illegal, from the earliest times down to the present day, and which the Privy Council have declared shall not be established or set up in our colonies > .. I have endeavoured to compress the reasons for my present judgment into the shortest space ; but I ought, perhaps, just to mention that I cannot see how the three or four cases cited as to "mandamus," can have any possible application to the present prohibition case to restrain illegal proceedings ab ovo. The English authorities cited as to the Queen's Bench jurisdiction over bishops and other similar ecclesiastical dignitaries of the Church of England are quite conclusive as to the English law on such cases as the present. With regard to all the other cases cited to this Court, or which might have been cited such as Hodgson v. Dillon, 2 Curteis 388, and Harris v. A. B of Dublin, 2 B. P. C. 170-169, — it is enough to remark that I consider the Privy Council to have clearly and authoritatively, as our own Supreme Appellate Court, directed us to exclude from our colony any coercive jurisdiction not yet sanc- tioned by our own Legislature and also to exclude any English authorities from our judicial consideration which would practically "establish" the Church of England in this colony, by entitling the bishops of that communion to the extraordinary spiritual authority, occasionally exercised by some of the English bishops as an Established Church ; while we also maintain the proper episcopal authority of "overseeing" that Church, like the spiritual head of any other communion, though modified by the episcopal office itself, and the status of bishop and presbyter, per se. The only question is, whether the Church of England in this colony is to be governed "according to law," or left to the vague control of pure English dicta and decisions to he picked out of the English Ecclesiastical Reports of the mother country, and which the Privy Council and English Judges have protected us from, as altogether without legal effect upon, or any application to our simple state of ecclesiastical government. In my opinion, this case must be altogether decided upon first principles of our Ecclesiastical low, whether laid by Privy Council Law, in our Ecclesiastical Constitutional Law, or in our Ecclesiastical Colonial Law; and that English statutes and reported cases, whether decisions or dicta, are of no use whatever in this case, except so far as illustrative of such first principles ; upon which alone I wish my judgment in this case to be founded. I think, also, that it would be a grievous misfortune to the bishops and clergy of the Church of England in this or in any other colony, if this Court were to require either them or even their legal advisors to hunt out their respective or mutual rights and powers from any of these old law books or decisions of English Ecclesiastical Law, still less to consult modern English statutes as to ecclesiastical matters, instead of studying their mutual relations and duties by the luminous and comprehensive decisions of the Privy Council, cited at the beginning of this judgment. In conclusion, I can truly repeat what I said at the commencement, that I have given every part of this most painful and important case my most anxious consideration, especially as bearing upon the invaluable ministrations of the bishops and clergy the Church of England in this colony, and, as far as possible, according to their own peculiar ecclesiastical opinions, which they may have formed or inculcated among themselves as bishops and clergymen, independently of all common law, of all Privy Council law, and of all other laws, but of which peculiar opinions we, as Judges, can have no judicial knowledge, nor recognise in any sense as law in a Court of Justice, though we always respect these opinions as ecclesiastical facts. I have also endeavoured in this judgment to support, as much as I conscientiously could, the largest spiritual authority of bishops, if such be in fact claimed by the Bishop of Newcastle ; although there is a wide interval between the mild episcopacy sought to be established by Archbishop Cranmer and the Anglican bishops of Edward VI.'s reign, and the vast spiritual power and the arbitrary authority claimed, jure divino, by Archbishop Land and the late Bishop of Exeter. As for any wilful tyranny or intentional oppression on the part of the Bishop of Newcastle towards Mr. Thackeray, nothing of the kind ought over for a single instant to be imputed to any Christian bishop, and more especially not to a bishop who has lived for above a quarter of a century among us in the most perfect shamelessness of character both as a bishop and as a Christian, always untouched by the slightest imputation of harshness or any kindness to a single human being. But while I speak with the deepest veneration of the Bishop of Newcastle, and have put the most equitable con- struction I can upon all his acts and conduct throughout these transactions, I must also put the like fair construction j upon all the acts and conduct of the Rev. Mr. Thackeray throughout these transactions, especially when considered with reference to all his past unblemished life ever since his ordination in the year 1852 down to the present date, or rather down to the commencement of the recent proceedings in November last. I must place myself in his grievous position when he was formally charged in writing by his own bishop under whose eye he had been officiating in blameless purity and ministerial effectiveness for above seventeen years — charged, I say grievously — charged with actual and gross "criminality" with a lady, with whose husband and children Mr. Thackeray and his own wife and children were in daily intercourse. I do think that Mr. Thackeray was fully justified in indignantly and at once resisting such accusations, though cautiously framed only in the shape of slanderous reports, but endorsed by his bishop. I think Mr. Thackeray was forced to resist his bishop as he has done, and bring the whole matter into open Court. By endorsing these reports on February 19th, Mr Thackeray's whole life and conduct became at stake; his character was boldly assailed by the Bishop, by his believing these credulous churchwardens, who on their part were manifestly far too ready to listen to the two or three, malignants mentioned in Mr. Thackeray's affidavit and the prurient gossip of the West Maitland scandalmongers. I say that Mr. Thackeray's whole character was at stake, not only as a clergyman and a Christian gentleman, but also as a husband and father and his public life at St. Paul's was also at stake, after having spiritually ministered OB a Presbyter to his congregation for seventeen years, and was (like his bishop's) character on the 3rd November, 1873, perfectly untouched by the slightest imputation of in- decency or impurity; and Mr. Thackeray also was on the 19th February fully entitled, and is fully entitled now, to the benefit of such unblemished character, as a prima facie refutation of every possible " slanderous report" — that might be circulated to his prejudice in West Maitland, or brought in any way to the Bishop's ears. Moreover, I cannot help thinking that if the Bishop had in the first instance shown some desire to establish the proper tribunal under the constitutions, or at least shown 'some appreciation of Mr. Thackeray's perfectly un- blemished character as against such foul charges, and if he had indignantly and at once told these churchwardens that he considered Mr. Thackeray's unblemished character as under his own episcopal protection, he would at once have enlisted the warmest sympathies of these churchwardens with his own sympathies, and the whole of these slanderous rumours would have been dissipated to the winds ; instead of acquiring, as they most unfortunately must have done, so great a degree of temporary credibility, through the Bishop's endorsement of these rumours by these most ill-advised and arbitrary proceedings, which, I am rejoiced to know, were and to the present date have been entirely the result of his legal advisers, and in no sense emanating intentionally from the Bishop himself, though necessarily conducted in the Bishop's name. With regard to costs, I regret that I feel bound to adopt the words of the Privy Council in the Rev. Mr. Long's case (p. 476), that, while I feel the deeply responsible position of the Bishop in the conscientious discharge of is public duty, still I cannot put out of consideration, on the other hand, that the Rev. Mr. Thackeray has been put to great trouble and expense by those most unnecessary and unlawful proceedings on the part of the Bishop of Newcastle and the costs, therefore, must, as in Mr. Long's case, follow the order to make the rule for the prohibition absolute. Mr. Justice CHEEKE said: After the able judgments now delivered by the Court, and the law and facts of the case so fully enlarged upon, I shall confine myself, as concisely as possible, to a few remarks upon the conclusion I have arrived at applicable to this Rule. The argument adduced for consideration included, in effect, this proposition :— Whether the Bishop of Newcastle possessed the ecclesiastical jurisdiction and authority to inhibit the Reverend Mr. Thackeray from publicly exercising any of his ministerial functions, as well as revoking his license, as presbyter in the church of St. Paul, West Maitland and if aye, whether the Bishop exercised such jurisdiction and authority under the decision of a competent Court. In 3 L. R. Eq , p. 54 and 56, "Bishop of Natal v. Gladstone" (1866), the Master of the Rolls, Lord Romilly, enunciated in his able judgment this principle:— "The Bishops of all colonies having an established Legislature, but no Established Church, can, as regards the ministers and congregations of the Church of England within their diocese, exercise all the powers of a bishop — they can ordain, confirm, and consecrate ; they can do more: they can visit, investigate, reprove, suspend, and deprive; and if, in so doing, they keep within the true scope of their authority as established by the discipline of the Church of England as by law established, and proceed in the exercise of that authority in a manner consonant to the principles of justice, their acts are valid, and will be enforced by the legal tribunals. It is only when their acts fail in these respects, when they exceed their authority as regulated by the law of the Church of England or when they proceed in a manner not consonant with the principles of justice, that the Bishops cease to be able to enforce their decisions." His Lordship further remarks at page 56 :— "The powers belonging to a bishop, according to all principal authorities are — first, the power ordinis ; second, jurisdictionis ; three, administrations rei familiaris. The colonial bishop possesses the first unfettered, without control or appeal ; the second he possesses in this way — that he must apply to lay tribunals to enforce his decisions, which lay tribunals will review them, and consider their correctness according to the law which the bishop himself is bound to administer ; the third he does not possess at all — it was not ever proposed to be given to him, it belongs to different officer, and to a different tribunal." In this laborious and well considered judgment of his lordship, is defined the status of colonial bishops, and clearly determines the jurisdiction and powers of the bishop in reference to his presbyters; and it appears also under conventional contract, they are in principle, acknowledged and bound to each other, applicable to the situations and positions they severally occupy. In this colony, however, by the Act of Council 8 Will. 4 No. 5 (1873), the English Church Temporalities Act, an Act intituled to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland In New South Wales, it appears to me, the position of bishop and presbyter is legally defined, and in my judgment I shall chiefly confine myself to the legal interpreta- tion of that Act, whether the Bishop has under the powers conferred upon him legally followed the provisions of that Act in regard to the Rev. Mr Thackeray, or whether that latter gentleman is entitled to his writ of prohibition. By section 19 it is enacted, " No person shall be allowed to officiate as chaplain or minister unless duly licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese." Section 20 enacts " That it shall and may be lawful for the clergyman in holy orders of the United Church of England and Ireland who shall be duly licensed by the Bishop to officiate in any church or chapel under this Act so long as he shall be so licensed, to have free access and admission to and in such church or chapel and the burying ground belonging thereto and every part thereof respectively at all times, as he shall think fit, and freely to exercise his spiritual functions therein respectively without any hindrance or disturbance of the trustees of the same or any person whatever; and such officiating minister shall and may during such times as aforesaid freely use, have, possess, and enjoy the minister's dwelling-house, garden, appurtenances, and glebe belonging to such church or chapel, and receive, have, and take the rents, profits, and issues and every part thereof respectively. Provided no way is that no such liberty of access and admission to such house of residence as aforesaid, nor occupation of the same for any length of time what- soever, shall be construed to confer any right of property in the same upon the clergyman or other parties by whom such house of residence and the appurtenances may have been so occupied, nor any right or title to retain possession of the same, AFTER the license of such clergyman shall have been withdrawn, cancelled, or revoked, by the Bishop of the diocese upon cause shown, nor shall the same be pleaded in bar of any action of ejectment which may be brought by or on behalf of the trustees or churchwardens of any church or chapel as aforesaid, for recovering possession of such house of residence and the appurtenances thereof." In view of such plain, clear, comprehensive words, in what manner did the Bishop act? On the 19th January, 1874, he forwards a communication to Mr. Thackeray, inter alia — "I have, after due consideration, felt myself compelled to inhibit you, as I now do, from publicly exercising any of your ministerial functions at the church of Saint Paul, West Maitland, until you have satisfied me of the groundlessness of the charge involved in the reports, or I shall have been enabled to investigate the matter, in case it should become necessary. I have to request that you will send me a reply to such charges within seven days after the service of this inhibition to you." On the following day (the 20th), Mr. Thackeray re- plies, disputing the jurisdiction of the Bishop to interfere with the discharge of his duties until cause shown before a competent tribunal. On the Sunday following the 22nd, one of the church wardens inform Mr Thackeray it was not their intention to interfere with him in the performance of divine service, that if he did not celebrate it there would be no service that day accordingly, Mr. Thackeray officiated. On the 26th February the Bishop then forwards the further communication to Mr Thackeray, inter alia, "I am informed that in disregard of the duty which you, as a clergyman, owe to me as the Bishop to whom is committed the charge of government over you, and under whose license you have hitherto officiated as minister of Saint Paul's Church, West Maitland, you did, on Sunday, the 22nd instant, contrary and in wilful disobedience to my direction, perform divine service in the said church. Now, therefore, I do hereby require you to appear before me at my residence, Morpeth, on Tuesday. 3rd March, at 12 o'clock noon, to show cause why the license granted to you by me dated 13th May, 1856, under which you have hitherto officiated as minister of said church, and all or any other licenses or faculties under which you are entitled, or claim to be entitled to officiate as the clergyman in the said church or elsewhere, should not be withdrawn, cancelled, or revoked, for that you being licensed clergyman of the diocese did, by officiating in the said church on Sunday last, under the circumstances hereinbefore mentioned, wilfully and against your duty as such clergyman disobey my reason - able and lawful direction as your Bishop, and refuse to pay such obedience as is due from you to me, as the Bishop of the diocese under whose license alone you have any right to officiate in the said church. In case you shall refuse to attend before me as hereby required, I shall at the time and place above specified proceed to inquire into and determine the matter in such manner as appears to me to be just, and in accordance with my duty as the Bishop of this diocese." Mr Thackeray was also served with notice to produce his license. On the day of the inquiry the Bishop's chaplain, the Chancellor of the diocese, the churchwardens of St. Paul's, and a Mr. Carroll (who was to give evidence), assembled at the Bishop's residence. Mr Thackeray's coun- sel and solicitor, Mr. Wisdom and Mr. Stratford, appeared for him, and Mr. Wisdom protested in his client's name against the competency of the tribunal. He also read the following written protest from Mr. Thackeray:— "March 3rd, 1874. Right Rev. Sir, — In answer to your letter dated 26th ultimo, in which you ask me to attend before you this day to show cause why my license as incumbent of this part should not be cancelled or revoked on account of alleged disobedience to you as Bishop of the diocese, I have to inform you that I disregard your so- called inhibition, not because I am unwilling to submit to lawful authority, or many way to set aside disobedience I owe you as my Bishop in all things lawful and honest, but because I am advised that you have no power or authority to act as you are doing, or to hold a Court of inquiry in which you would occupy the very anomalous position of judge, jury, prosecutor, and executioner. I may also observe that you have yourself been teaching the whole diocese this great lesson for some years as see your addresses at the several sessions of Synod. I now beg to inform you again that I am now ready to justify my conductor to the several charges, the result of pure gossip, which you have been pleased to make against me ; but it must be before a competent tribunal, and not before you personally, whose malus animus towards me is so well known, and also in face of the statement, which I fully believe, to the effect that you have already prejudged the whole matter, and that you have offered my living to a gentleman who expressed his willingness to accept it even before it became vacant. I wish you to understand most dis- tinctly that I appear before you this morning by counsel not because I in anyway recognise the authority of your present proceedings, but to warn you very respectfully against any action of your part which may be detrimental to my interests, as in the event of injury at your hands I shall seek redress in the Supreme Court, where I shall doubtless receive that justice which, I must confess, I cannot look for from you. I yield to no man in my estimate of the re- spect which is due to the episcopal office, and the duty that a clergyman owes to his bishop ; but I feel that I cannot but protest earnestly, yet most respectfully, against what I must consider a persistent course of cruelty and oppres- sion." Having read this protest, Mr. Wisdom asked whether this was an open Court to which the public had access ; the Bishop replied that it was not a court in the ordinary sense of the term, but a "forum domesticum." Mr. Wisdom then withdrew, and the investigation proceeded. The result was the Bishop revoked Mr. Thackeray's license, and the following day sent a formal cancellation of such license, with a letter dated 4th March, 1874, fully ex- planatory of all matters, actings, and conclusions. Granting that the language of Mr. Thackeray was not strictly in accordance to, or becoming the position of a clergyman with his bishop, yet it must be considered that the Bishop had had previous communication with Mr. Thackeray in relation to " the alleged scandals" which the latter had denied and repudiated, and therefore, perhaps, some slight excuse for his excitement, conduct, and language, honestly as he might have considered for his own vindication. The question still arises, taking the language of Mr. Thackeray in the strongest sense, Was the Bishop justified in his actings and proceedings under the 20th section of our Church Temporalities Act ? A few simple remarks will clearly show and summarise the actings of the Bishop. On the 19th February (1874) the Bishop by his letter exhibits and suspends Mr. Thackeray from exercising any of his ministerial functions, without in any way calling upon him to show cause why such inhibition or suspension should take place. On the following day Mr. Thackeray protests. On the 22nd Mr. Thackeray officiates at St. Paul's at the request of the churchwardens. On the 26th, the Bishop, in consequence of alleged disobedience, then gives him notice to show cause before him on the 3rd March why his license should not be cancelled or revoked, and it is revoked accordingly. The Temporalities Act plainly provides and enacts (section 20) " inter alia : A clergyman, so long as he shall be so licensed, shall have free access and admission to and in such church or chapel, and possess and enjoy the dwelling house, &c.;, until (under the proviso) such license be cancelled by the bishop upon cause them." I will not dispute that the Bishop was fully justified from the scandals he had heard to call upon Mr. Thackeray to show cause for explanation. He suspends him, how- ever, in the first instance, without taking the trouble to give him any notice to show cause, and Mr. Thackeray, having only insisted on his lawful and legal rights, could not then render his conduct to be considered in the light or spirit of contumacious. The Bishop having acted contrary to the words and spirit of our Church Temporalities Act in the first instance, he could not, in my opinion, substitute and convert his after actings into an act of legality by the subsequent notice to show cause on the 3rd March. The case in 5 M. P. C, p. 392, Willis v. Sir George Gipps, appears to me in point:— a well-known case in this colony — the amotion of Mr. Justice Willis by Sir George Gipps, and although no judgment was delivered, yet the Lords of the Committee reported, in their opinion, that the Governor in Council had power to remove Mr. Willis from his office of Judge, under the authority of the 23rd Geo. III., and upon the facts appearing before the Governor in Council, and established before their Lordships in this case, there were sufficient grounds for the motion of Mr. Willis ; but their Lordships were of opinion that the Governor and Council ought to have given him some opportunity of being previously heard against the amotion. Not having done so, the order ought to be reversed and accordingly the order was considered illegal, and reversed. The proposition for consideration therefore now is, under the circumstances of this case, can the rule for the writ of prohibition be made absolute. It is established that the writ of prohibition may issue to a Court Ecclesiastical, see in re Gorham v. Bishop of Exeter, (5 Exch. 630 S. C.15, Q. B. 52) ; supported also by many other decisions ; where something is being done by it contrary to the general law of the land, or manifestly out of the jurisdiction of the Court; and in ex parte Storey (12 G. R., 777), Maule, J., in his judgment , says, "Where as in the case of Caple v. Child, (Q. C. and J., 558,) which was in substance and effect the same as ex parte Kining (10 Q. B., 730). The Ecclesiastical Court, In proceeding against a person who has never been called into it at all is a proceeding in a manner that is contrary to natural justice, and this Court may prohibit." And again, Talfourd, J, in the same case, says:— "The general doctrine is well known that prohibition is never granted when the Court sought to be affected by it has clear jurisdiction, unless it is proceed- ing in a manner contrary to the principles (not the rules) of common law. There may be a ground of complaint if the Ecclesiastical Court assume to pronounce a judgment against a party who had never been cited." Although this question may be surrounded with some difficulty the Bishop having issued his summons to Mr. Thackeray to show cause — still, when was the summons issued? Not, as before remarked, until the Bishop had distinctly inhibited Mr. Thackeray from the duties of his Church, and without notice or cause shown! — and consequently, by so proceeding, in my opinion such actings of the Bishop can only legally and equitably be construed under the authorities cited as acts and conduct contrary to the principles of natural justice. The only further remaining question is whether the meeting "in foro domestico", convened and holden by the Bishop at his own residence, can be legally considered a Court against the proceedings of which the writ of prohibition can issue. Upon this point I entertain and must express some doubt and embarrassment. Still, as the Bishop issued his summons citing Mr Thackeray to appear before him — that he did appear by his counsel and attorney — the Bishop not merely in form, but substantially the prosecutor (and a prosecutor whose feelings from motives of public duty, as well as from the heat necessarily generated in the purest minds by the controversy, deeply interested in the question), presided — that he was assisted by the presence of his own chaplain, his attorney, and one of the churchwardens; that the question applicable to the position ofMr Thackeray was, ex parte, duly considered and finally that the judgement was pronounced by the Bishop in form, and notice of the sentence given. The conclusion I have arrived at therefore is, under the authority of the judgment in the case of Long v. the Bishop of Cape Town, 1 M. P. C. N. S. in pp 461 to 468, that in principle of that decision a Court was so constituted. Under the recent decision of Dawkins v Lord Rokeby (1873), 8 L.R., Q.B. 25, the same principle is distinctly adopted in the judgment pronounced by the Chief Justice, "that although a court martial was a court of inquiry, not a court of law, a court of record, or a court of justice, still such points of inquiry possessed the qualities of a court of justice." If in error on this point, I am of opinion it is far more desirable in the ends of justice it be so decided, especially as it will enable the Bishop to ventilate this vital question before the highest tribunal, the Privy Council, and establish upon its proper basis the status of the Bishop of Newcastle beyond dispute with his presbyters throughout the diocese. I consider, therefore, that the rule for the writ of prohibition should be made absolute. Upon the question of costs, as applicant has succeeded in his rule, and as the question involved is most important, Mr. Thackeray is consequently entitled, in my opinion, to his costs. 