JOSHUA JOHNSTONS TO HIS FEM.,0 W I ?'?..-: :STATBSMKN. . , .'' ;?' ; :,* : ?'. ? ?'.. . :'??.':?? VII. ???'-' ':'-:;';:|.: :'?:.'??? '; ' Tiberiu.8 iSrRACCHtJs, be''-4—-,'- 1 omit the latter part of the- observation in reference to the fyc&t; Commiaaioner of drown Lantfe ?wbc bad sanctiflned, frga selection before siirrey/'.; The remarkT hav'equpfce^w^only slightly objurgatory^ sitdt there was nothing in.it of the divine frify with which the impassioned Dante 6bnmg&erl; ..some . of the -sacreligtoua' Eoman Poijtiifs to the 'everlasting flames of'hfell ; but the muttered male-, diction ? came from the ? Ministerial benches, and we all felt that he wfco made it had no love for free selection ; or for the .founder of it,' whom Larab. had rehabilitated as* a. rival to' th'e celebrated Jack Robertson.' The shades of the Roman tribune had not been invoked in vain, and the pale shadow of the agrarian dictators haunted the atmosphere of the legisla ture during part of the,subsequent;c[is cussion, 'Sagittarius' was believed ','tp bave-talceufamiliar counsel with^him in secret, but this was never proved, and, strange to Bay, 'the only other member of the 'Legislature, except Lamb, to whom he vouchsafed to make himself-, known was the patrician, Joshua, Bell.' The great agrarian had, it is believed, a fellow feeling for the jovial Joshua, who had originally proclaimed the Darling Downs reserve, and who had also brought in a Bill by no means unjlike to the Bill which the renowned John It. had carried in New South' Wales; The ghost of Gracchus thought fit, therefore,' to draw aside the veil of more -than twenty centuries, and in spite of thd* objurgation which I referred to as haying on one occasion emanated, from ' the ministerial benches, he appeared in snlp.mn state to Edward Lamb and to Joshua Bell. To. ' Sagittarius,'' jt is ? believed, but it is not absolutely certifiedi tbat he disclosed his presence in adini and distant way, as of one who felt uncertain whether that cunning marksman was a friend or a foe to his departed greatness. Lamb, however, became* his -trusted spokesman in the Assembly,, aud also thereby became subject to such muttered maledictions as those to which I have borne my testimony^ ,He referred to the specific which . Tiberius GL had applied to the unruly agrarians of the old Eoman times. ? . ' That prescription, as we were all then reminded,, though some of us had forgotten.it, was the gift of a neatly, defined portion pf 250 acres, no more and no less, for every man jack of'thejn, ? and in- addition to this, every Koman \V11U WUa UiOBBtJU WLKU U4J.VU UIUUUUCB was allowed to have for each of them 150 acres more. Thus if a Eoman' citizen had six children, as many. -of them, had, it was possible for him to acquire a fine little pastoral and agricul tural farm combined which would exceed' 1,000 acres — a 'very handsome estate, as I am- sure you will all admit', if the soil happened to be good, and if the property was favourably situated iu the vicinity of a township where it would quickly rise iu value. Adapting these* ideas to the present Christian era in Australia^ Lamb had decided to. accept vthe recommendations of the first Com missioner of Crown Lands, who had identified himself with free selection. He proposed, therefore, to adopt the homestead area principle, giving to each man .who liked to live on his land the right to select 160 acres, and for this purpose he proposed to make a reserve of about 40,000,000 acres.. What was the Darling Downs' Reserve after that? They had been trying to swallow poor little;' pestiferous, tnosquitoeg ? they should how have a whole live camel, bones, stomach, hump and all ; and if. tbey did. not find au ainimal of that kind digestible food, why it would be no ' fault of his or of his guide, philosopher, . and friend Tiberius G- ! ? ? But there was anpther cry at that time which was waxing .loud, though-'afc first it waB more like a plaintive wail. The cry was not exactly— give to us ' homes or homesteads — but it was, give to us, ' ghass — ' All flesh is ' . grass.' This, it is true, was riot an utterance which was ever with any show 'of reason attributed to either Tiberius' Gracchus or to' his brother Caiuti ; but it had a substantial, foundation in fact. If 'all '-flesh were grass, grass also had a ?won- derful capacity ; for transmuting itself into flesh; and whether that flesh 'Were ^beef or 'mutton,, it was really of com parative unimportance. Therefore, there must be grass, or grazing areas. Accord ingly, it was proposed to set apart '15,000,000 acres - for grazing purposes, and every citizenjif he liked, might have 2,560 acres of grass out of those fifteen millions if he consented to look after it, make the best of it, ajid convert it as much as possible into flesh. ^ To this plaintive wail the noble Roman listened attentively, but- not with approbation. The usages o£ -modern society .might ' recfuire ity but it was notin accordance with primitive practice. At last, how ever, .he mournfully assented. But the crowning disappointment/aridthe .final disappearance, from this earthly scene of that august presence,* was reserved for a later stage in' the proceeding's, when Lamb consented to. reduce the upset price of land on the Darling Downs jielow ,20s.' an acre. -After -that, he felt his advice wns no longer required. Modern innovation had triumphed'over ancient Roman usage. Old things ? had, passed.away, and, with them, a. new world had come-^-a new world of grass, green ?baclcsj and deforred 'payments. With a lofty and reproachful look at Latpb, and an .almost disdainful waveof 'the jhand j to Joe Bell, the distinguished visitor j passbdji\vay from the. Legislative pre cinct Co his accustomed haiints in the: Elysian fields. '? * .' . 1 .-? j. . _ . . ? . ... -: ' SrtgrttniriuB,'' W modern ? Queens ander, wi^li'as Bn^jient Eoman cogno men, ond; lidtliiijg'; spore* . had won the dnyj; and '.. ffoM ': tneilceforth, Lamb, acting as hd'Ji'iid done under ftie ghostly guidance of ^Tiberius Gracchus, yielded to. the. sup'remacy which Archibald Archer . had then acquired,. ?? Lamb's BilJ, accordingly,- wetit' to, Hades with Tiberius Gracchus ; and; on the motion1 of Macalister, 'Sagittarius' was com missioned, with Fitzgerald, to remodel the Bill— fqr,: in its primitive condition, it .was scarcely in a form to bo success fully ' worried.' — Yours, . 4-' JOSHUA JOHflSTONE. 