Stencilling's from tlie Post Office Stump. To the Editor. SIR—It was at the close of a windy day, not very long since, when night began to cast her dark mantle over the earth, and when hungry gossips betook themselres to their houses, to partake of the evening meal, that I observed two individuals quietly approach the spot where I once vegetated, and graced the scrub with my taU branches, but alas, where I now stand, a solitary stump, a melancholy relic of a once shady grove. They came to a halt about ten yards distance from me, and from the glances Avhich they occasi nally cast in my direction, 1 concluded that their conversation, which was carried on in an undertone, had some reference to myself, and as the dialect did not exactly correspond with that which generally prevails here, my ciiriosity was excited, and I paid strict attention to • the following colloquy. "Whist, Barney," said a voice, which proclaimed the nationality of its possessor to be that of the Emerald Isle, that "gem of the ocean," "Whist, the craythur may heer uz, fur its woorse thin a tellygraff fur blabbin ; be me troth, av id hadn't bin fur the trap at the corner, aud Charlie beyant, its meself that ud pull him up out of that, in the twirling of a shilaleigh, fur its a shame and disgrace to Ivloonty to lave the loikes av that informin' rogue there, to blab the saykrets ov everybody to thim noospaypers, an drive away the beslit min we hav here, and plague the loife out ov ths prezidint an komity; an by the same token, it put those poor gintlemen iu such a state, that I've bin towld that sum ov em can't ait anything since that lyin' rascal there made the poethry about em an av it wasn't fur Misthur Hautiuy, there wud have bin an hactshun fur liebull. He towld thim that its a hard matihur to draw blud from a stone, and harther to git money out ov a sfchick ; "what simpletons ye'd look in court," says he, " to inform, agin a Stump ! Ye're too thin-skinned" sed he ; "ye cau bully-rag others, but whin the joke is turned on yerselves, ye soon git riled. Serves ye right," sed he. "What do vez think ov the YewnamBar ney ?" * "Well Tim," said Barney, "meself ud loike to gib tw - pounds a week fur doin' nothin', loike sum of 'em gits ; but I don't joike the joke ov payiii' to kape lofers ; the money would be as well in my pouch as in theirs." "Musha, Barney," quotli Tim, "ye ar' purty much loike my owld girl. Molly, do ye mind, is a good sov. l at washin* anskowerin', but she doii'tkuow anything about pollytieks. Sez she, 'Tim, ye omadhauu,' sez she, bring home the money that ye do giv to kape a sst ov lazy vagabones wlio don't loike work ; its nothin' ye'll git in return fur id sez she. There's the ehilder wautin' boots, an ye can't aford to buy em eny ; but ye kin give yer rnunny away to make gintleinin ov thim as aren't yer betliers. Let 'em go to worrk loike honest folks, an not spunge on poor people, 5 sez she. 'Aisy, aisy,' sez I, 'shure isn't it the foinest institootion in the world, fur iv a man gits out ov love wid hard work, all he haz to do is to kick up a dusht wid the kaptains, call 'em ugly names, till they sack him, an thin the prizedint ul clap him on the back, giv' him two ginevs a week, * and a ordther to beg money euuff to opin a^ sthore, or may be a pub wid, an thin hiz for- ! tune is made, fur all the boys are sure to giv' him thar custom ; and mooreover, ould girl, r yer lord and masthur bein' a miaiber, gives. yer a kind of status in society, elevates yer j above the crawlers, and makes yer iligible to join the ranks ov the glorious Broom brigade' !! 'Git out ov that, wid yer instetoosh-; ing, sez she ; I'd loike to know where ye \ picked up yer foine lingo from ; ye used to I talk since afore thim ringO's turned yer i head ; but as to thim dirthy shlomacks that j wint around the Moine wid ther brooms, I they cud foind pliuty dirt in ther own cabins! to swape, widout goin' to the Ingin houses,! an' its meself that ud not be seen in the same section wid em!' 'Wliist, whisper!' sez I; 'if yer hurd talkin' loike that, I'll not be made prizidint whin Misthur P goes into parlyment. Be jabers, its niver the loikes ov him thats iver biu in thar yit. By the powers of Moll Kelly, but he's the boy to tune 'em up ; an' whin he gits up to spake won't thar be a movement in the House, Bad cess to the one of 'em as ull be able to 1 sthand before him ! He'll droive thim all out loike Oily Crummel did the long parlyment ; an' thin he'll :-ave all the House to hisself ; au' won't he thin sthop himmygrashun, aud give payment to mimbers, cause thar won't be anyone to vote agin him. An' if in one of his spaches he shud offiud the gov'nor, for niver a sowl else does h care fur, nor fur liim aythur, for the mather ov that, seein' he's the only man as can make liim prime ministhur, its policy to kape the right side of him; as I said afore, it he should say anything to offind vice Royalty, by the piper that played before Moses, hasn't he the exalted priviligeev puttin' his own construct!ou on what he says ? And where's the other man in the couuthry that's able to do that same, I'll be bowld to ask 5 Misthur P fur iver ; an' its the top ovthe pole we'll put yer in when the time comes. Its mity frightened our owld members were whin - they herd that he was goin' to sthaud for this distlirict; they saw 'twas all up wid thim, so they won't sthaud, cause they can see wid haff au eye they wouldn't have the ghost of a chance. Think ov tha% and let the long pint-up eye-wathur trickle down over yer intellectual an' interesting countinhouse.'! ! ! 'But,' sez Molly, I don't wondther at the giutlemin refusiu' to cum here, fur they would not dirthy thimselves by rubbin' agin the loikes ov him. Ivery cobbler to liiz last, tho' I've heard he wasn't much account at hiz,' sez she. "Well Tim," said Barney, "1 think Molly isn't far out ; an' if ye'll be guided by her ye won't go astliray." So saying, they moved out of earshot, leaving me alone to my rumiuations, with tlie night wind sigliiug through my cracks. Yours, &e.;, POST-OFFICE STUMP. 