du'y to decide between the two parties. He there fere ur?ed the tiovemment to rest-rre the waters more freely both from the wjnatters and the selec ti rs. He believed if the Land Act had failed that its faiiure was largely attributable to the iLanner in which the permanent waters had been iki.it with in the surveys. He should like the (irxernrrtent to have hinted what they intended to do with resrect to the system of lot or auction. He anderstrod that they proposed auction. If s«. it was a srert mistake, and he wondered that {hey should perpetuaie a system which had been productive of w much evil. He was free to con it ;?« thatalthf'uj-'h he objected to the lot system, Le would tike that in preference to auction, but t.o thought :he Uovemmcnt could devise some s ht me tttwe* n the two which would be better tt;.n eitbtr. There was one other point in con i.ttiion with tlie Laud Act to which he would rtrVr. and he uniply made these remarks to show what alttratiucB he believed were absolutely i mwary, and because he should support which eier party he could pet the best measure of Jand nform from. There was or.e proviso of the Act whii-h he should like the Guvernnv nt t3 have in ic rmed the House hail been more successful than it wx, thought it would have been. He referred to strtion £♦ of Act IS of 1&72\. under which persona could take up 3.000 acres of inferior land on lease at &!. per acre for 21 years, with ri«ht of purchase at £- s. lie understood that during the recesa that prevision hait b^eti largely availed of, and that a coi siiierable quantity of land had been taken up linger it. (Tlie Uief Secretary -'Hear, hear. ') He was glad to hear it, although it had been said lij » me people that it was calculated to play into the han.L- of the *-iuatters. If it was, it nevsrthe let^ h.i-: M*cureil one good end. It was proposed at 1\. 1 e time :o alienate thib bnd at 12s. o\L per acre, wl trt.w he knew th3t in one case this very land h^I Fetcred 2Is. fcU. and he believed a large quan tr- of #his L.nti n:»d !-een taken up at 30s. per acre. Ht was glad to ti:.d that success had so far af.ci 'led an nmewiniFnt winch he had the honour ti nicest tothu llou.se. That amendment, however, v:\i- t't perfecr, and he had been told it was a itry -iai gtruus provision, and therefore he wished V- ca ! alter tiou to its lieftcts. Th it provision, it ? as Mid, was ?o wonted :is to permit persons to take i.p i:ny ? uiut-er 'F V 00 acre blocks. That was a stave df fei:i, aiu* he hoped the Government t?i u-d net ailow it to ex:?: any lunger. He was at Mcits to give pen-or. » an opportunity of taking up pnwir.it f-ruU; but i: was a great objection and n:.-t;ikt to give any i;..in the opportunity of taking up any nnuber of tuch farms. He hoped the ? ?t urnment would cortir.e the operation of the p- vinor to ere s-electicn - v.\y. Northern Territory in .itt i- had I tin liut sligt.tiy alluded to; but th»y »r;Ti acii ijcestions of very great moment, and her. ftrrcd to them with no iie-;re to tiud fault » h ti;e - 'oiiimisi'.Kiier of Crown Land*. And here u^.i:n he itgrttttd that hon. gvr.tltman EhouM have ii- stat m the other House. The Northern Terri t4 rv was cot altogether a failure for the want if p !?!: it was not a failure so far as it went fer tl:e want of a genuine honest intention on the I-.rt of the capitalists of the colony to work the reefs ttiere; but tl't*e were various things which nitit to frustrate the intentions of capitalists and nuke the colony a failure. Coohe labour had Utn suggested as one means of meeting the diffi culty, and he p-ve the Uovemment credit for i-teppine in in ti-is question, and he should support them when they aske.l for the vote necessary to Eu$tainthemiuthe:rpo!ky onthis-[uestion. He had pii fa:tn whatever that the Companies themselvea ?Aould enter u.to any bond tn employ libour; and if iLey did it would lie usekss, for he did not thmk nan. of them would be long in existence. To au fxttnt, however, they nad gone in the right direc tion, Itcause if the Companies should fail they h^i several publi: works whi:h they coald i Eip'oy the Coclie la'icur to carry out. He was mre, too. that those ('oniDanie^ which did not fail ?»i-ulii gladly avail themselves of this kiudof labour. He wished, however, to draw attention to the tmestionof the burvejs. Ud to that moment the r.rst discoverers of gold had been unable to obtain a title to their land. Ihey had spent thousands of pounds on the land, they had spent all their upiuL and were now in a state of insolvency unles-s they could borrow money, and yet they had no title upon which they could obtain security. He did not know where to lay the blame; but it was a meet deplorable state of thing?, and he warned the (iovernmeutthat one or two Companies had been obliged to suspend operations because of the delay of the Government in giving them a title. He knew one Company which held property in the Northern Territory, and yet had not a document which was worth a straw as a title to the property. He would not acquit the Government of blame. The orly escuse made was that the Government haa not sufficient data to enable them to niake out the claims and give the proper boundaries. If they were not in a position to ?'?? tl.at they ought to be. The Northern Ttmtoty a.c a cold-field had been sufficiently long in cxiaeLce to leave no excuse to any Government fcr not giving the boundaries of claims which had been held for 18 months er two years. If this state of things continued, some Companies with which he was connected who had spent £5 Ol'O, iP.OV', or £b),'W, and were prepared to double that expenditure if they couLt raise the means to do eo, had no more right to the property than that ii'-«tard btfore him, except a moral right, and the energies of those people who weie co-operatinu in making the Northern Territory a success were f rus- truted and their interests jeopardized from the accidental circumstance of the position in which they were placed. If the Government could not obtain -:urhcient information to juEtify them in issuing leases, they should come to some compromise in the iTiattt r. Ihe success or failure of the .Northern Territory rested with the Government rather than in the auction of whether Coolie or (Cornish blour should be employed. He hoped some ihicg. would sreedily be done to put an end to the present uncertain state of tniug3. The Commissioner of Crown Lands was not wholly to 1 lame in this matter, for he was altogether over worked, and any defect there might be in his ai'mmistration of thu Land Act or the Noithtsrn Territory or Immi. ration arose principally from the fact that this particular Minister had the work of three Slinisters to perform. This was the reason why he sought to know if the Government would not shortly appoint a sixth Minister— he had no expectations that way hims-.lf-(iaughter)-to avoid thi; public inconvenience to which he had alluded. He would not go into the question of law rtform except to ask the Attorney-General if he inttMied to bring in an Insolvency Act or noc. Every Attorney-General for years past had stated an Insolvency Bill to be of pressing importance, and recent eventB should have induced the Govern ment to bring in at the earliest possible moment a meiif ure to cure the crying defects of the pre«e-it .'?ys-eni. (Mr. Barrow— 'Hear, bear: paragraph li') He had indicated some points which he thought the speech might have referred to. He would only r.ow say that the hon. member for West Tor ens Mught to upset the Government on this one ques tion of immigration. He should support any Go vernment who would take the responsibility of f usiaining a wise and prudent system of increasing the population of the colony. He should there fore vote against the amendment and snpnort the « ? vt rnment. He hoped the hon. member would withdraw the ametdment, for he could not vote against a question which he believed to be abso lutely necessary to the process of the community. If the hon. member for Gumeracha or any other hon. memter would propose any amendment by which he might hope to secure the points he wished to obtain, he should go with him. His object was to perfect the L3nd Act as much ;is possiMe. and he did not care from whom the pro posals might come wh:ch he was prepared to sup port. If the Government had Ft'len the hon. mt mbcr for Gumeracha's clothes he did not ohject to their wearing them unless it could be shown that by so doing they jeopardised what he cjn Hdired to be of great importance. Mr. ASGAS said no man would charge him with be.cg an opponent of the present Government, and be came down there with every desire to supDjrt them : but he must confess that on reading the Governor's speech with regard to the land question he was surprised to find how entirely they had changed thcii tactics. Sir. Ward— ('Hear, hear.') He imagined in his ignorance that they had adopted the policy of the hon. member Mr. Ward, but as the Ministry assured them they had not he ctuld only say that they adopted one precisely suniiar. It would be in the recollection of hon. u- toilers that last session the senior member for Gumeracha introduced several suggestions with regard to the Land Act, which suggestions did not rceet with the approval of the Ministry, who repu diated them most persistently, (The Chief Secre tary—' 2* '? no» ' ar-d cheers.) When the House as at i resent constituted had spent the best part of a session in maturing a Land Act which it was sup posed would meet the wants of the country, and which he had yet to learn had not t*en a success, he thought it puerile to alter it before it had had one season's trial. It was said tl.at certain difficulties had arisen in the department; bat when they considered the ya.-t area of land brought under settlement, the immense number of tenants of the Crown the Commissioner had to deal with, it was not to be wondered at that he was overworked, and that the present Government were unable to overtake the work which such an extended settlement must necessarily entail. It was not simply the survey 'f the land and the carrying out of contract', i'Jt the selectors had wants which were continually bought before the Government. # They could iurdly take up a paper without seeing reports of ? 'imputations which asked for police protection, roe.':?, bridges, telegraph stations, poet-offices, i.nri other requirements which most necessarily curing up in all newly-settled districts. If they \- f ened up the land question it would take up the !e-c part of the session before it was settled. J.'*'''.-re the present Act was fairly in operation t- ty wouid upstt it and introduce a new fciium— because they did no*, know to what tittht amendments might be carried— and I*rh.-p8 the new system introduced would ^ overturned when a new Parliament occu pied those benches. One great desire in blinking in the present liberal Land Act was to incie&e; the population; but the Treasurer said he waB sorry to state that that had not been the result. He had not expected that it would; and he believed if the price of land was fixed at 10s. per acre ic wtuld not induce population to come. It might triable speculators to purchase in order to sell again; but he did not thmk that an alteration in the way intendtd would have any better effect than tie existing law. The Treasurer himself was not very favourable to the alteration, and warned selectors that they must be very careful how they took up land beyond the line of rainfall, and he Quite agreed with the Treasurer. He did not heai tate to say that the country beyoud that line was a most dangerous one for any man to settle in as an agriculturist, it was subject to drought, and he believed the line was as nearly correct as it, was possible to be drawn. It had been said that it was merely an imaginary I-ne, but any one could tell the country where there was regular rainfall by its natural features. The Government bad given no sufficient reason why the Land Act should be again opened up. Before there was more than one or two seasons1 trial it was impossible to say what was required. If they allowed another season to pass in all probability other ideas would be promul gated and other objections urged, and they would find that the Act wanted still further amendment He had never beard any of the selectors object to the present system as a system. It might be that at limited auction they had to pay more than they desired, and that eslectionB had been surveyed in too small lots, and he agreed with Mr. Fearce that it was desirable to survey land so that selectors could have their holdings in one block rather than in three or four. In reducing the upset price of land to £1 they were dimply going back to the old system which was in force for 30 years; and the auction system was at present in force, only it was limited instead of open. He personally saw very little objection to the upset price of land beiug reduced to £1 if it was thrown open to ail parties. Whether they had it upon interest or for ca*h it made little difference. If the Act was altered at present persons who ei^ned contracts should be made to complete them, which they were not at present obliged to do, although the Govern ment were compelled to complete if the money was tendered. U the operation of the Act was ex tended into the interior, where the country was arid and unproductive and the rainfall uncertain, he believed the Government would have a great; deal of land thrown back upon their hands. And the greater distance settlement was thrown back tlie mote costly would be the administration of tlie Act— the requirements of the settlers would be greater and more difficult to meet. The edu cation of the people had been almost entirely neglected through the exodus from the settled dismcis. Jiotonly were the children not educated, ; but adults had lost both religious aud literary advautages. Although the Education Bill was thrown out last session that was no reason why the Government should not have taken steps through the Education Board to provide tuition for the children who were scattered over such a large extent of country. There must be some t-jt-te-m of itineration, the children being collected in boarding schools or something of the sort j periodically. Under the new Act one fifth of the land alienated had not been brought into cultiva tion, and the farmers complained that it was impossible to obtain labour to till their holdings. Indeed it was exceedingly difficult to bring as much under cultivation as was required by the Act, I and the more farms that were taken up the ! greater would be the difficulty. This brought t him to the question of immigration. He knew there was a considerable feeling against free immigration engendered by the labouring classes themselves ; but as they became employers they would need to avail themselves of the labour of others. He thought too much attention had been raid to the position taken by the working classes. He had always been in favour of assisted in prefe rence to free immigration, not so much because of the less cost, but because when a man sent for his friends i: was a guarantee that he would find employment for them, and that they would not run to the other colonies. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry that the opportunities ottered to the Government; of obtaining free immigration had not been more largely availed of; but he thought they would find in course of time that South Australia was better known. As to Coolie immigration tor the .Northern Territory, he confessed that he agreed with the Government that it was impossible for that settlement to be carried on without coloured labour which would be able to stand the climate. As to whether the Uovemment should have undertaken the importation of Coolies with out the sanction of the House that was another question, but the number that had been ordered was a mere bagatelle. (Hear, hear.) It would be more as an experiment than the beginning of a system, and if it succeeded it might serve to develop the resources of the Northern Territory, which at present were not in a very satisfactory condition. He was sure that the Government had not exaggerated the anxiety, trouble, and annoy ance hi connection with the settlement, .He had always been somewhat opposed to the affairs of the Northern Territory being administered only by a Government so far removed, and he thought if it had been an independent settle ment South Australia would have derived more benefit than it did at present It was said that the supply of land placed in the market had not been equal to the demand, and he certainly thought that the Government had neglected the South-Eastern District. Settlement on the drained country had not been proceeded with as it ought to have been, and the inhabitants, who had been looking out for the lands, which were second to none in the colony in fertility; had been disappointed. The people in the South-East would not go to the North, but being accustomed to a humid climate, would rather go over the Border than to arid country where there was little rain. They had heard a great deal about the amount of land that was to be opened by the Kingston and Narracoorte Uailwaj ; but he questioned that at the lime, and questioned it still, and was afraid that the result would be like that of another line, which he would not mention thoroughly unsatisfactory. Last session he directed the attention of tne Government to the desirability of extending the trunk Hne of railway north from Farreli's Fjat. The Government promised to have a survey made with a view to EUch an extension, and he was surprised that no mention of the matter was made in the viceregal speech. He hoped the omission would be supplied during the recess, and that the attention of the Government would be directed to what was one of the most necessary works in connection with the settlement of the Northern Areas. The country was admirably adapted fcr a railway, and a line would not only facilitate agricultural and pastoral settlement, but the working of the mines in the Far North. The Trans- Australian Kailway had evidently been dropped for the present, and it could well wait till more was known of the interior. The explorations of Colonel Warburton, although it was said they weuld only benefit private persons, were of great use from a geographical point of view; and he hoped that suitable acknowledgement of the Colonel's services would be made. He did not know what was the Government policy with regard to the road question. Hitherto apparently they had deter mined to starve the roads so as to compel members tc support a BilL He thought that was unwise economy. The vote of £23,000 made last session was a palrry one, and hardly worth the cost of the establishment expending it. It was all very well to introduce a Kead Bill, but to endeavour to destroy the exi-tmg roads by voting only sufficient to put one cubic yard of metal per chain was very unwise policy, and he hoped it would not be repeated. They were told they would have to borrow Large sums for public works— railways and other improvements. Although the revenue was in a flourishing condition, it appeared that no part of it was to be employed in these works ; but he thought that in seasons of prosperity the Government should net be too profuse in their expenditure, and that where they could reduce liabilities they should do so, for if the demand fur land went on it would be as the Treasurer lamented— the best lands of the colony would be absorbed by private individuals, and there would be none from which to raise a revenue. The Government appeared to have gone to a very large outlay in ordering rolling-stock, rails, and other materials for the different lines oi tramway sanctioned last session. It was a question whether that was a wise course before the raising of the monev had been sanctioned. He was sur prised that before a line was surveyed between Port Wakefield and Kadina the whole of the engines and rolling-stock were ordered. They would be lying about like the Murray Bridge, he feared, because it would be a long time in the present state of the labour market before these lines could be constructed. It was conceded on all bands that the Murray trade had been allowed to slip through the fingers of the South Australian merchants. Who was to blame was not for him to say, but the Government ought to have paid more attention to the matter than they hai done. (Hear, hear.) Last year, when ha moved that it was desirable to open navi gation to the sea mouth, his remarks were somewhat ridiculed by hon. members and the Government— (Mr. Blyth— 'No')— but thesurvev was ordered. It had, however, been a perfect burlesque on the motion he introduced. He hope J that although nothing had been done the seed sown would bring forth fruit, and that a canal would be cut to Encounter Bay. It was of no use shutting up the river with the view of shutting out the trade; but let the river be open, and let all parties go in and out when they liked without levy ing tolls on everv bale of wool or vessel that passed through the Murray-mouth. He believed that navigation was practicable, and saw no reason why. if proper attention was paid to it, the nver should cot be utilized. He trusted that the Government would be enabled to carry out those measures which would be likely to benefit the country, bat be was afraid that if the land question was brought under consideration and altered as proposed during the present session it would cause a great deal of discaUffaction in the country. It would be unjust to those who had taken up land at £2 per acre, who would expect the Government to put them on the same footing as future selectors. Nothing more retarded the eoleny than these constant alterations of the land system. He had had more than one instance brought under his notice in which people had refused to invest money in the colony because cf the changes eo frequently taking place in the land laws. He believed that even if the present Act was somewhat deficient it was better to retain it in its entirety than to adopt a new system. Mr. WARD said the remarks of Mr. Angas would serve admirably well for a leader in the Regitttr. (Laughter.) The hon. member had adopted the old stock objection that to alter the land laws was extremely objectionable. He did not doubt the Keguter newspaper would regard the matter in precisely the game light; but he would remind the hon. member that the necessity for these alterations now was owing to the very severe struggle caused by himself and others when the land laws were under discussion, and which pre vented a proper solution being arrived at then. The mover of the reply to the address asked how the Government could expect to carry their amend ments in the same House that had rejected them before. His reply was that as to three members who deliberately voted against every such proposal their places were now filled by three gen tlemen who in subsequent divisions had voted in favour of the principles of extending the exemption to two years and reducing the price to £1 per acre; and had it not been for the defec tion of the Attorney-General, the Commis sioner of Public 'Works, and the Chief Secretary those principles might have been carried into effect last session. (Hear, hear, and No.) Mr. Duncan said if that was carried he should support a clause for returning to people who had bought hind at £2 an acre the difference between that and £1. It would be just as right to expect men who had bought land at £1 an acre in the past to make good the difference when they increased the price to £2. That was a valid answer to the objec tion. He was no advocate for cutting covenants. The bargains they had made let them stand. The hon. member Mr. Mytes claimed that the policy proposed by the Government was initiated by them before he (Mr. Ward) propounded it. That be did not deny with reference to the Commissioner of Public Works. It had certainly been his policy, but then the ques tion was what had not been his policy. (Laughter.) When the present Chief Secretary, then Commis missioner of Crown Lands, introduced his first WTaste Lands Alienation Act in 1870 the time for the reservation of lands was left blank, and they proposed it should be filled in with ' one.' What did Mr. Bright do? He proposed that it shoald be 'five.' (Mr. Bright— 'Hear, hear.') He said five years was only a fair and reasonable term. (Mr. Bright—' Depending upon the quantity of land opened for selection.') There was no condi tion of that kind in the hon. member's amendment. Following the singular proposition of the present Commispioner of Public Works to make the period five years instead of one came the singular transla tion of the present Attorney-General to the place vacated by Mr. Baker. Mr. Bright was thereby deprived of his leader in land reform, and found it necessary to ally himself to some other legal gnn tleman who might lift him into the seat which he row occupied on the Treasury benches. Mr. Boucaut had said he would agree to a compromise of 'six months,' and Mr. .bright went back from his five years and voted for six months. The next session he voted for two years, and last session he voted for one year. That was how Mr. Bright's votes had been, and the irresistible inference that would be drawn by every man of reflective mind would he that each vote was recorded, not in regard to public policy, but solely and absolutely with a view to the acquirement of the office of Commis sioner of Public Works, which he now held— (Mr. Bright— 'No')— but which he did not think he would keep long. (Laughter.) He only gave abso lute facts which could be proved by the records of the House, and he was content to leave the reflec tive portion of the community to form their own conclusions. He was sorry to hear the hon. mem ber Mr. West-Erskine, for whom he entertained the greatest respect, make one remark reflecting upon a large section of the community. He under stood him to Bay that recent occurrences, alluding to the Moonta strike, indicated the possibility of Adelaide being burned and sacked— (Hear, hear, and No)— and therefore it was extremely necessary they should have a defensive force. It was his duty to eay that he did not think any act so atrocious and unreasonable was ever contemplated. (Hear, hear.) The men were merely sustaining their own interest, which they had as much right to do SB any other class of people. (Hear, hear.) If ic were true, as stated, that any intimidation was used it must be remembered that it was the Directors who took a false step in the first instance, from which they had been bound to recede. If there was any ground of complaint against the men it must be admitted that they did not cast the first stone. He must say he appre ciated intensely Mr. West-Erskine's admirable joke about the alkalies and the acids. He supposed the acids were the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and the others were the alkalies. (Laughter.) He did not know whether the Trea surer in speaking felt that he was pleading a bad cause, or whether he had not quite got it up. but he did not seem at home nor so effective as he usually was. He began by wanting to know whether they should not open the door to these new lands to encourage people to come to the colony. Why, was not that what had been repeatedly urged by himself and other land reformers ? The Treasurer met that by saying that our population hail not been increased; but then he met him again by saying, ' Our land laws have never yet been made liberal enough to warrant us even in hoping that population would come to us.' They might coui icte with other countries for population if they would make their laud laws more liberal, and when they did bo and increased the population the result would be. not as the Treasurer said, a diminution in the value of already alienated land, but a positive increase in its intrinsic value, and it was not fair or just for those gentlemen who had opposed them in the past to say that what they had done had not been a success. He had an objection to be judged by something which had been forced upon him by other people. He was glad to find that those who were considered agitators and were sneered at for going about the country and stirring up the people had at last the satisfaction of seeing the Treasurer join their ranks in attempting to open up the country, for he could hardly conceive that he who had been hitherto so deservedly respected for his consistency should deliberately for the sake of retain ing his office a little longer consent to the introduction of a Bill which he said would hasten people to their ruin. (Mr. Giyde— 'No.') It was either that or that they would rush to their ruin, and he said ' Let them go and welcome.' That was a bad example for the father of the House, and the very author of the existence of the Ministry, to be found proposing that in which he did not believe. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) asked the Speaker whether he remembered him using tuch wo:dsas 'rufih to their ruin.' He had not the slightest recollection of them, and certainly they were not reported. The SPLAKER said he might or he might not have such a recollection, but he considered it would be unwise for him to take upon himself to say whether certain terms were used in a speech. Mr. WARD, if he had not caught the exact term, knew the word 'ruin' was used, and that the whole tenor of the Treasurer's speech was that people could not successfully cultivate the land outside Goyder's hne, and that therefore he warned them- (Mr. Glyde— 'Hear, hear')— that they were going to their ruin, (several hon. members— 'Running a risk.') The term ruin was used, he kuew. but he was content to take the tenor of the speech, which was as though he was proposing a policy he did not believe in. (Mr. Glyde— 'Hear, hear.') Then what was he doing that for? (Mr. Glyde— 'To prevent worse.' Laughter.) Oh. then it was an expedient. Was mere expedient worthy of a statesman? Ought not statesmen to have princiole in view— to feel that they were ' buoyed up by the strength which absolute con viction gives?' (Hear, hear,) If mere expediency was to prevail it would reduce their legislation to something which would be— if he was not out of order in suing the word— contemptible. The fact was the Government knew that if they did not make a profession of their desire to pass such a law as that they were proposing nei'her the Chief Secretary nor the Attorney-General would have been returned for the districts they were, nor the Commissioner of Public Works for anywhere— (Hear, hear, and a laugh)— and he absolutely believed the expedient which the Treasurer had confessed to had been adopted to secure the places of the Ministry, and as the only means of doing it He did not believe they expected to carry this Bill through the Council or even through that House ; but he would promise them if they retained their seats to afford them all the assistance he could to pass it into law, and further, to take care they did not fall back from it if he could help it. He had beenjprepared to move an amendment on the address affirming that the Bouse had not confidence in the professions now made on the subject of land reform by His Excel lency's advisers, but upon reflection he was willing to admit that it would be better to take the issue upon a motion of which regular notice should be given. (Hear, hear.) If no other member better fitted than himself took the responsibility of doing that, he would table a motion, (ilr. Glyde— 'That's fair,'* and cheers.) If it were possible to take a plebiscite- and he was not at all sure it would be a bad thing— he was sure the Ministry's teim of office would not last moie tban the time that it would take before the decision could be announced. The Treasurer committed another inconsistency in the course of his remarks. He said he looked with alarm at the rapid manner in which the lands were being alienated. (Mr. Glyds — ' Hear, hear.') Now he (Mr. Ward) thought it was an immense benefit to get the lands alienated from the Crown into the hands of persons who used them for the best purposes. (Hear, hear.) He did not look upon it with alarm. It the Trea BUiei did, what did he introduce this Sill for? Was not that another proof that he was at heart opposed to the policy ? If further proof of that were needed, they had only to refer to the five reasons which he drew up in 1870, and was so careful about that he wrote them out and handtd them to the reporters that there might not be tie possibility of a mistake. He asked the Treasurer if he still entertained those opinions, if eo, v.hat became of his present position? ! The very admission of the Treasurer that the worst; i of the deprecia ion was over proved that that pre diction of his was in course of realization. Did | they rot know that there was not a landed estate j south of the agricultural settlement in the North | which had not advanced in value as a result of the fcettkraent which had taken ptace? Every owner of a landed estate in South Australia who did not hold his estate simply for speculative purposes, which the Treasurer knew most about, but used it for producing what would bring wealth to the colony— every owner of such an estate had reen greatly benefited. Every private settler, too, with a large pumber of sheep, would also say that he 1 had got a much better local demand for his stock as a result of the land beyond him being taken up by farmetF, He was sure the Treasurer would find in the course of a year or two not only that the worst of the depreciation was past, but that the colony had gained material benefit from what had been done. He thought the Treasurer was wrong in his figures when he said under the operation of the Land Act the average price of land had been 24s. an acre. Bearing in mind that some land was sold at £7 per acre, that a great deal was disposed of at £5, £4, £3. and £2 per acre, and that none was sold at ? less than £1, he must take leave to doubt the j accuracy of the statement that the average price of | the land had been only 24s.; but even if the I average was no more than 24s., there was no | real objection to the land being alienated at that j price, because it was just about the same amount at which the lands went into the hands of mono polists instead of cultivators. The Treasurer told them also that the land would be put up to auction, and that although it would start at the upset price of £1 per acre, it would be offered for competition amongst the applicants as at present. He was quite willing to admit that in former years he had supported the limited auction question. The Government adopted it as a compromise between a general competition and selection by lot; but he was now convinced that the system of limited auction had not worked well, inasmuch as it induced an unhealthy and undue competition. If the Government were to remain in their positions— if the House did not entertain the opinion he had, that they were not worthy of their positions— inasmuch as he was desirous of promoting still further land reforms, he would make a suggestion which did not occur to him at Melroee, and might therefore be new to the Governmentr-(laushter)— that they should adopt instead of limited auction the system of tender. He had always objected to the lot system, which he had invariably denounced as a system of State gambling, and he certainly should not agree to the amendment of the hon. member Mr. Ramsay, which'hesawonthe Paper, being carried. If the Government would put the matter in this way— 'We will oiler the land at an upset price of £1 per acre, and in case there is more than one applicant we will ask the persons to put in a tender of the price per acre they are prepared to give, and let the highest tenderer have it,' he believed that would work well. He did not think there would be much difficulty in carrying out the details, and it would get rid of the present un healthy aud undue competition, and at the same time secure to the Government a reasonable price for the land. Although the Chief Secretary re garded him he supposed as a most uncompromising opponent, he hoped he would take note of that suggestion. Further reference to the Treasurer he should defer until his concluding remarks. He would like to answer the challenge of the hon, member Mr. Laurie. In the course of his remarks that hon. gentleman said, ' Will any one say there is any good land in the South-East except the drained lands!' Yes, he would say so. On Baker's Range there was a considerable extent of country well adapted to cultivation which might be offered. In the northern extremity of that portion of the South-Eastern District in the vicinity of Blackford and north of Lacepede Bay, and with means of connecting the Tatiara with its natural outlet— Lacepede Bay— there was a large extent of land available for cultivation, In the Tatiara, again, there was much land which had not vet been offered for selection, but which was good agricultural land. On the very large leased runs in the same vicinity there was a great deal of good land, and the hon. member Mr. Laurie therefore, with all his knowledge as a local member, was not correct in saying that the only good land in the district was that which required to be drained. As to the drained lands, the hon. member Mr. Laurie blamed the Select Committee, which he said stopped a great work. In reply to that he would simply say that however good some of the land in the South-Eastern District might be it was costing more than it was worth to reclaim it. That view was arrived at after repeated examinations of the country, and with the excep tion of the land on the Mount Muirhead Flats the land on the west of the fiats was as a rule not worth the money it would cost to reclaim it. It did therefore seem monstrous folly when there was ample scope in the colony, and when the good land was not exhausted, to hurry the country into an unheard-of expenditure to reclaim a few patches of black soil which would be good if drained. They were told some years ago that the entire area of land in the County of Grey— more than half a million of acres— could be drained at a cost of £85,000. Well, up to the present time not a single acre had been effectually drained, and yet they had spent 25s. per acre to drain it ineffectually. That was not a result to encourage them to go on, aud the Select Committee, by making itself acquainted with the extent of country available for drainage, did an immense amount of good to South Aus tralia— (Hear, hear)— and whatever might have been the expenses of the trip, he was Bure the labours of the Committee had saved South Aus tralia a large and wasteful expenditure which she could not afford, and which, even if she could have afforded, she would not have been justified in sanctioning. He claimed that that Committe was extremely beneficial to the country. He said this from his personal knowledge of the district and in reply to the hon. member Mr. Laurie. If there was a demand for land on the part of the farmers of the South-Eastern District which could not under the present circumstances be met, there were large tracts of land in the localities he had indicated where the demand could be fairly met without incurring any more extravagant expendi ture in draining land which at present was useful to some extent, and which, if it was drained, would be destroyed for the only purpose for which it was now used. He referred to the land on the flats higher than Mount Muirhead, where there was black soil of a shallow depth. That land became good summer country for grazing purposes: but take off the water from it. and they would destroy it for grazing purposes, and it would not be fit for agriculture. The hop. member Mr. Laurie put a question which elicited a somewhat injudicious reply from the hon. member for Noarlungo. That hon. member said there were some members in that House who would vote any way to vote against the Government. He asked the hon. member and the Government if it would not be more true to say that there were some members of that House who would vote any way in order to vote with the Government. That was another way of putting the same idea, and if the hon. member was justi fied in his remark, he (Mr. Ward) was sure he was abundantly justified in saying there were many men who would vote any way you please to vote with the Government (Hear, hear.) He would prove this by their announced intention to support a Ministry whose policy was opposed to that for which they voted last session. He did not think the hon. member Mr. Laurie could bring such proof of his assertion as he (Mr. Ward) could bring of his. He had listened to the speech of the hon. member for the Sturt (Mr. Barrow) with great pleasure and with great grati tude that that hon. member had been restored to health. (Hear, hear.) Even though he might never have the good fortune to have that hon. member's support and might look upon him as an opponent he nevertheless should be very sorry to lose him from the House. That hon. member asked a question— ' Who are the Opposition?'— and then he proceeded to give them the most abso lute proof of where at least one of tbem was. If ever there was an opposition speech made— a damaging, severe speech— that speech had been made that day by the hon. member Mr. Barrow. (Hear, hear.) He had made an effective speech, which would be read throughout South Australia, and which, while it would command serious attention and consideration, would carry con viction to mindB which were not convinced already. The hon. gentleman also made some remarks which were valuable in their way about theoretical and practical legislation. He drew a distinction between members of the House who announced a theory and others who applied themselves nat merely to announce the theory, but also to reduce it to a practical test He agreed with the hon. member there, and it suggested an unfortunate illustration for the Ministry, for if the explanation of the bon. member was correct and the Ministry had adopted the theory he (Mr. Ward) announced they bad certainly adopted the theory only. He was only able at Melrose to enunciate certain broad principles which he con tended for. He had not an opportunity of giving a lot of information which he could have given as to the practical working of the land system of thiB colony- information which he would now give to the House. In the first place, with reference to the information he wished to give them, there was one difficulty in the way of the satisfactory administration of the Crown Lands Ofice of this colpny, which the Ministry wee certainly overlooking ; and it was an evil of such extent and power that unless the Government grappled with it, unless they tock the bull by the horns, they would -y- more harm than good by the introduc tion of this theoretical policy. Dummyism as it existed here must be put a stop to. He believed the Commifsirner of Crown Lands would stop dummyiem if he knew how to grapple with it (Mr. Boucaut— 'No.') Well he thought so; at any rate he would give him the benefit of the doubt Be did not believe he would allow an abuse to exist if he saw how he could remedy it. Within the last month there had been practises such a system of fraud and deception upon the Govern ment and the country and the purposes of the Legislature two years ago as to excite the strongest feelings in his mind when he knew it to have been done by a man who wats in the Legislature of this colony. (Hear, hear.) He was prepared to give the name of the individual he referred to ; he was prepared to put his finger on-a sec tion of land in the North, which was selected not much more than five weeks ago, which included permanent waters sufficient to water half the sheep in the colony. That selection was taken up in the name of a man who had been for years employed in the neighbourhood as a shepherd or travelling stockman by a squatter of this colony and a member of that Legislature. The name of the person employed was Thomas Lewis This par ticular Equate mile was run up to a high price. The selector had been a shepherd, and those who knew him well said most unreservedly that he never had a £5 note of his own. High, however, as the price was the deposit was paid, and although only five weeks had elapsed since the selection there was already erected round the section one of the best sheep-proof fences in South Australia. There might be a difficulty— even the Commissioner of Crown Lands might under the existing Act find a difficulty of proving that They had a right to suppose when they adopted substituted residence that advantage would be taken of it by persons who wished to monopolize the lands. He remembered pointing out that such advantage would be taken, and the present Attorney-General undertook to draft a clause which he stated would have the effect of preventing that The clause compelled the selector to make a declaration that no other person was either directly or indirectly interested in the land, and this declaration had to be made before a magistrate. He believed the Attorney-General added another provision, that a false declaration should be equivalent in the eye of the law to per jury. If. however, the man employed as agent to take up this selection committed perjury, and he was indicted for it, they could not put a question to him which would lead him to criminate himself. He would make a suggestion as to how he thought this difficulty could be met, and he suggested this in order that the Government might introduce as speedily as possible a measure empowering them to appoint a Special Commission to enquire into the circumstances under which any selections had been make, and to examine witnesses on oath. He thought it beet to leave the perjury out of the question. Then they could put the simple ques tion to whom the selection belonged. If the Commission had the man before them, and could put such questions as he would be compelled to answer, they would easily ascertain from him where the money came from to pay for the deposit and sheep-proof fence. It was very evident this shep herd did not find it and it ought to be possible to find out who supplied the money. If they bad this machinery it would greatly check dummyisoi, for although the Commissioner of Crown Lands might not be justified in prosecuting a man for perjury, he would be perfectly justified in forfeiting bis selection. If that were done it would be a great safeguard against dummyism. He had spoken to some of the officers connected with the administration of the law, and they stated that the difficulty was that nothing could be done for a year— the selector having a year within which to make certain improvements; but what reason was there to wait for these improvements when the Government had every reason to believe that the selection was a dummy selection to favour the monopolist and not a legitimate selector? In this instance which he had given, and in other instances which he was prepared to give to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Parliament should give the Government power to free the colony from the injury and disgrace which some pastoral lessees would stoop to, not only to avail themselves of dis honest means to attain their ends, but to tempt men in their employ to perpetrate a gross fraud on the Government. (Mr. Barrow— 'Not a member of this House.') -He had distinctly stated a mem ber of the Legislature, not of that House. He might as well mention the name at once— (No. and Hear, hear)- rather than let each member of the Legislature remain under the stigma. The particular selection to which he referred was upon the run occupied by the Hon. A. B. Murray. It was a selection at Rocky River below Charlton, and was taken up by a man in Mr. Murray's employ. He himself had Been the sheep-proof fence, and that was a clear indication to his mind that the land was not taken up for the purposes of cultivation, for although the conditions of cultivation might be formally complied with, there was primd facie evidence that the selection was taken out to increase a land monopoly, and it was certainly a fraud upon the spirit of the Act passed last session. (Hear, hear.) It was an un pleasant duty to have to expose things of this sort, but having the knowledge of these things he was not justified in ignoring them. It was his duty to expose them, and he had taken the opportunity of giving the information there, where he believed it would have most effect He assured the Commis sioner of Crown Lands that it would tend to give him greater confidence in him individually if he, on the information he had given him, acted in a way which would stop malpractices of this kind. There was another thing which he would take the opportunity «f mentioning. Last year the Chief Secretary made a distinct promise to him that he would not for the future allow surveys to be made in such a way as that the boundary fences— the fences for which the selector had to pay— should be included in such a portion of the selection as to be of no value to the selector, The Chief Secretary admitted this was an evil, and said it should not occur again. It had occurred again during the last few months on that very run, Wirrabarra. There were sections in which the selector had had to pay, as an improvement for a fence, although the fence had to be removed before he could plough his land. This fact showed bow largely they had to depend on the adminis tration of the laws as to whether the effect intended was realized or not. The Chief Secretary would see in a plan of the Wirrabarra run a fence in the position he had indicated. He hoped the Government would accept the information he had been able to give from personal experience, for however much he might mistrust them, he wished to assist them in every way to give effect to proper and just legislation on the question. There were two or three other pointB he wished to refer to, but inasmuch as he had given his particular attention to the question of die administration of the land system, he would not occupy time in referring to immigration and the Transcontinental Railway. With reference to the amendment of the hon. member for West Torrens, he should vote with him if he pressed it, and considering the past experience of the Chief Secretary he need not take the amendment as a vote of no confidence. He voted against free immigration last year and when ever he had had an opportunity, and he did not know that they ought to be deprived of the opportunity of voting for the amendment even supposing they did not wish to vote for a no-confidence motion. The Chief Secretary had said the carrying of the amendment would involve the resignation of the Ministry. That was quite unnecessary, because last year on a direct vote of censure they directly stated they would not accept the previous question, and yet they did accept it Surely the Treasurer would uot forget that. (The Treasurer— ' We voted attainst the previous question.') He said deliberately that the Treasurer last year said the Government would not accept the previous question, although they after wards did so, and he therefore saw no reason why the affirmation that if the amendment was carried they would resign would necessarily involve the resignation of the Ministry. Last year they ate the leek in a manner which was very humiliating— (No, no)— it would have been very humiliating to him— (laughter)— but perhaps the Treasurer had a stronger political stomach than he had. His only inference from these remarks was that if the Ministry ate the leek last year they might just as well eat it this year. The Chief Secretary's speech rather amused him. He talked as if he was entitled to credit for being a consistent land reformer. He must have flattered himself into the belief that he was— he could not account in any other way for the com placent manner in which he spoke in answer to the remarks of Mr. Barrow. He supposed he would be told that he was making personal attacks, but he thought he ought to be allowed to say, without being considered guilty of bad taste, that if there was one man in South Australia who h?d deceived another it was his colleague (Mr. Blyth) who had deceived him, and not only him, but all those who had trusted him. That was the conclusion that forced itself upon his mind, because the Chief Secretary had secured bis sup port not only at the election, but during a ssssion, on his promise to give effect to certain principles. He hai prevented them from being realized, and now perhaps with the expecta tion—a vain one- of getting his support again, he made those professions and took credit to himself for having been a consistent land reformer. The Chief Secretary did this during a former session. He was then Commissioner of Crown Lands, acd when he came down to the House one day he pro duced plans of hundreds— merely indicating what might be— which be laid upon the table, not intending to do so. The result of bis laying them on the table would have been the resumption of the land, but he was so frightened— as he had been once or twice in the course of his administrative career— by a deputation that so far from being entitled to any credit for prescience for obliterating the line of rainfall, he came down and secured the passage of a BUI to undo what he had done in bringing about the resumption of the bnd partly by a mistake. That was the Chief Secretary, who came down and complacent]? claimed to be a land reformer. If the House would bear with him he would read an extract from 'Hansard,' which had just been put into His nanas. witn regard to the question to which he referred just now. It was as follows:-' The Treasurer (Hon. L. Glyde) said he remembered the debate to which Mr. Ward referred very welL It was when Mr. Bright moved a vote of censure against Captain Hart's Ministry for the appointment of Mr. Downer. He (Mr. Glyde) had just left Captain Halt's Ministry, and moved the previous question as an amendment upon the motion with a view of giving the Government an opportunity to escape; but Mr. Hart said, * We will not accept the pre vious question, but must ask the House to say yes or no.' He thought the Government were right in taking the same course.' They kuew that he was frightened that the consequences of carrying the previous question would be another crisis, and he frightened one or two timid members who m their hearts and by their voices condemned the Govern ment out of voting. The Treasurer continued— 'They would vcte against the previous ques tion without taking an undue stand upon their position, and as the Ministry he thought they were justified in taking that stand. They did not acknowledge that they had done wrong, or made a grave mistake, as some of their friends told them. They did not acknowledge that the appointment of Mr. Knight was not a fit and proper appoint ment, and they did not acknowledge for a moment that they had unduly and unjustly treated tbe Civil Service, and they were not disposed to evade the question by accepting the previous question.' Now, did they not evade the issue, which was — should they or should they not go out of office? (No, and Hear, hear.) The Treasurer was not justified in denying the statement he made. Apart from the question of immigration bb involved in Mr. Boucaut 's amendment, he main tained that the Government had done an uncon stitutional and totally unauthorized act in com mitting South Australia to the importation of Coolie labour for the benefit of private speculators. He did not raise the question whether it was wise to import Coolie labour, and possibly might be pre pared to say that it was necessary; but even if it was wise, the consent of the House should have been taken. Mining was well represented in the present Government, and the fact that these speculative Mining Companies could not exist without Coohe labour took from the Ministry the last shred of justification that they might have had. Was it the duty of the Government to tend for Coolies to sustain speculation ? Let these Companies prove first that their operatious would be permanent; instead of temporary. He believed, if it had uot been for the influence that certain Northern Territory speculators had been able to bring upon the Cabinet through one of their number, this would not have happened. While in the other House that afternoon he heard a few words from a gentle man whose statements would probably carry more weight than he could hope his would do. He -aid, 'it was an attempt to keep afloat a lot of swindling Companies a little longer.' And he was not at all sure that before another year was over they would find that even on the Coolie labour the Companies would not be successful, and that quartz mining would have to be abandoned. He had made the statements he had from a sincere belief that it was his duty to make them, and he hoped the course he bad taken would not be considered factious. He bad openly told the Ministry that he had no confidence in them; and, apart from the ap propriate definition which Mr. West-Erskine used, there was sufficient justification for the remarks he had made. In looking over one of Tom Moore's works he hit upon a passage admirably adapted to the experience they had had of the existing Ministry. Tom Moore must have had a prophetic vision of these men— (laughter)— in the lines which be wrote. They were absolutely and entirely applicable to them. They were as follows :— ' What though long years of mutual treachery Had peopled full your Ministerial shelves With ghosts of pledges murdered 'niong your selves; Though each by turns was knave and dupe, what then? A holy league would set all straight again Like Juno's virtue, which a dip or two In some blessed fountain made as good as new.' (Laughter.) Now did not that suit the present Ministry? (Laughter.) He thought it did. Did they hope that they were going to emulate the trial to which Juno's virtue was subjected, and did they believe that they would be trusted if they did. Did they think the country would trust the statements of a Government made for no higher purpose than to secure their seats at the next general election, and that the country would accept the promises and professions of men who had proved traitors in the past? They should not trust such men. The country did not trust them, and if members, to avoid the inconvenience of a change of Ministry, consented to allow the present Government to make arrangements for the election which was not far off, they would be doing a double injustice. In the first place they would not be representing the opinions of the people of South Australia, and they would be giving a pre mium to political treachery by allowing them to have the arrangement of the elections. There were some members who said we will support the present Ministry ; we do Hot want a change before we go to the country. But had they thought that the Government would not look upon them with a friendly eye? They would look upon them as men who would turn them out when Parliament met and would make the election as inconvenient as possible for them. But a higher reason was that it was grossly unfair to the people of South Australia that they should allow these people who had been so treacherous to continue in office. Why not allow men who had been consistent, who had even refused office because they would not move from their principles, an opportunity of arranging the elections so as to give the public a fair oppor tunity of expressing their opinion, and members who might be prepared to vote against the Govern ment a chance of securing their election? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann), who rose amid loud cries of 'adjourn,' said that Mr. Ward seemed to make a great thing about that matter of the previous question. The Govern ment during the debate referred to had said that they would not accept the previous question, but weie anxious that the matter shonld be decided upon its merits. They voted against the previous question, stating that they were willing to stand or fall upon the main issue, and that if the House thought they were wrong they would resign; but the House said they would not give any expression of opinion— that they did not consider it expedient to do so. If they bad been beaten on the main question only one result would have followed. They would have resigned. There wau another incidental matter about Coolies. The Govern ment were condemned for sending for them with out permission, but if the House disapprove-! of the action taken the whole thing could be done by telegram. It was of the utmost importance that if anything was to be done immediate action should be taken, and Mr. Douglas was sent away by the last mail steamer at only two days' notice. He supposed Mr. Ward referred to him when he said that the mining speculators had undue infiuenca in the Cabinet, but he could afford to treat such statements with contempt. He had in his poor way some interest in the Northern Terri tory. He had put his money into some of the concerns, but not into swindling Companies, because they had been bona fide attempts to test the resources of the Territory, and it ill-became the hon. member to talk against men who had been connected with this movement as a lot of speculative swindling Companies. They had put money in and had lost it and to be called a lot of swindling Companies was the last thing that should be Faid.i(Mr. Ward— 'I quoted the words.') The hon. member did not originate the words, but if he had not endorsed them he would not have repeated them. He wished to protest emphatically against the way in which Mr. Boucaut had spoken of the administration of the Crown Lands Department It was, to say the least of it exceedingly question able taste to state of an absent man that the course he pursued was a premium to political dishonesty and chicanery. His hon. friend had not a seat in the House, and could not defend himself against these attacks ; but everybody who kne-r the Hon. William Everard knew that if there was one man more than another in whose honesty and integrity reliance could be placed it was he. He did not wish to make a personal attack upon Mr. Ward, because two blacks did not made a white; but every one who knew Mr. Eyerard knew perfectly well that he was altogether incapable of the motives which the hon. member had imputed to him. Then they had charges of checking the operations of the Act behind the scenes, and as usual charges against the Surveyor ? General's Department It was unfair of the hon. member to make 'these charges. The Government would challenge enquiry as to the way in which they had administered the department, and if the hon. member could bring forward a definite charge, why did he not do so? It had been his pleasure, owing to Northern Territory affaire to see a great deal more of the department during Mr. Everard's administration than he ever had before, and he knew that every effort had been made to carry out the laws as they were found in their integrity. He defied the hon. member to say that that had not been dene. In order to show that the charges made by members at public meetings about the negligence of the department wens with out foundation, he had brought down a return ebowing the quantity of land open in August 1873, when the present Ministry took office, and on April 1 last. He was now taking the lands open for credit only, about which complaints had been made. In August, 1873. the quantity was 164,521 acres, and in April, 277,946 acres, bo that some 113,000 acres more were open at the latter date than when they took office. Every available surveyor had been employed, the surveys had been pushed on with all possible vigour, and if the supply had been insufficient, it had not been through any want of energy in the department, or any wish of the Commissioner not to fairly administer the Act The amount of land open for cash and credit sales as well did not exceed that open when the Ministry took offioe. which wan accounted for by the fact that 124,000 acres had been taken up under the sixpenny clause to which Mr. Pearce ha-! referred or course that had to be sul-straited [fo,a t|,e grand total, which made it seem is if tlie depart ment had not pushed forward the surveys ;imuhat was not in accordance with the iz -t, Iveiausu the figures showed that 113,000 morr uresof |,iml \Ui\ been opened since they took cifit'.-. In addition to that, there were some fifty thoa-vtd odd acres to be opened within the next two mouths. Although he did not go preaching about the -.rouutry aud R.iy ingwhata fine patriotic consiBua: land reformer he was, he had land reform ;*s much at he-ui as when he entered the Hou.=e. ''omplaintshal sometimes been made to him f hai. there was not enough land open, and he h.ii always urged his colleague to do all he could towards supplying the demand, and he believed that he had done so as much as possible, i ne Ministry had been twitted by members of the I'i ess about taking their policy from the hon. iiii-mber. Mr. Ward had given the Treasurer ami Cmmissioner of Crown Lands his opinion of them. He hai said nothing of him (Mr. Mann), he t..«posed because he could not. He would challei^c the hon. mem ber to go iuto the question, and maintained that he had always gone for two vc.irs reservation at £1 per ac e. For months during one whole session the Chief Secretary and himself had battled for these points, andhe hadnevci voted inany other way. Just when the last session wite closing the hon. member tabled a series of resolutions, winch he wanted the House to adopt; but the House de termined it was not the right link', and they would not allow Mr. Ward to force them to go into the question, simply because he wanted to make political capital out of it lx-ng before even the present meeting was called hio he: 1. colleague the Commissioner of Crown Lands brought down a map to the Chief Secretary's Office, and said it was absolutely necessary the boundary should be ex tended, or they could not get enough land. He hail not paid much attention to the matter before; but anybody would see the absurdity of a zigzag line like it was. (Mr. Barrow-' It was not made for agricultural purposes.') No ; but if people thought they could by any means get a crop off it they ought to be allowed to use their own judgment. Directly the Commissioner said this was necessary, and asked them to amend the Act in such an im portant manner, it behoved them Visee what could be done, and he stated at that, time to several members of the House the intentions of the Government. He did not preteuri to any great ability; but he claimed to be ' iiulifierent honest,' and notwithstanding all the strong terms used by the hon memher for Gumeracha, challenged him to show the slightest inconsistency in his action upon this question of land reform, which he would have the opportunity of doing when he brought on his no confidence motion. The Government were quite prepared to meet him, and the sooner the better. Mr. Pearce said that Mr. Cowling had been in structed to neglect the agricultural labourers for the purpose of getting miners imported to the advantage of a few large mining proprietors. He did not know where the hon. member got his information, but he assured him it was entirely contrary to fact (A voice—' It's stopped.') If he was not stopped already he very soon would be. He had a few words to add about his own depart ment on the question of law reform. The hon. member for West Torren3 was good enough to say he bad been neglecting his own duty, and that it wasabBurd to bring up old measures when he ought to have gone to the root of thematterand introduce a Bill to reconstitute the Supr ma Court. When the Bill he had prepared was introduced it would be seen that a legitimate attempt had been made to deal with some of the difficulties suitors were labouring under. On the subject ? -i land reform ho would quote a short extract from the Great Charter:— 'We will not Bell, we will not deny nor delay to any man jus ice of right.' An admi rable sentiment that, which was supposed to be the fundamental principle of English jurispru dence. Upon that that exceedingly able man, Vernon Harcourt, said— 'Every article of this great Charter is substantially violated. Justice and right are practically sold to those who have the means of paying for them. Justice and right are denied by a procedure which makes them all but inaccessible to all but the rich. Justice and right are perpetually delayed till they afford no real redress for wrong. And thus the law, which ought to be the buckler of the weak, becomes nothing eise but the sword of the strong.' Those words appeared not long age in the leading paper in the old country, and he believed must be endorsed by every one acquainted with the subject The evil was perhaps not so great here as in the old country, but it was still very great. The delay and expense m the Supreme Court— he did not blame their Honors the Judges— were simply ruinous to suitors, and the result was that the resort to the Law CourtB was much less frequent than it would be if there was an easy and cheap means. (Hear, hear.) He felt it wns a monstrous anomaly and injustice that a question of whether certain works on the Torrcns prejudicially aflecteil the river should cost between £2.000 and .£3,000— (Mr. Bray— 'Aud take how long?')— and extend over a period of three or four years. (Hear, hear.) He meant to take up this question of law reform whether he was on the Treasury benches or not. He sent home in the middle of last session for a copy of the rules under the recent English Judicature Act; but they had not been made, and probably would not be for 12 or 18 months, He had studied the Act carefully, and did not hesitate to say it was altogether inapplicable to the circum stances of this colony; and he did not believe it would answer the purpose that was expected iu England. What he proposed to carry out was 3 fusion of law and equity. He had the pleasure when Mr. Field waB in Adelaide of hearing him speak on the subject, and it was extremely instruc tive. He believed the real system would be some* thing like what had been adopted in America. But hon. members would see it was quite impossible in two or three months to prepare a comprehensive measure such as this would have to be. Unless it was very carefully done the result would probably be worse than the present state of things. He was not poing to attempt rashly to do what Lord Selbome and Lord Hatherly had tried in vain to do, because he did not hesitate to say that the English Act, unless the rules did what it professed k- do, was a mere mockery. Tlie distinction between law ami equity was not abolished, and the business would go on in the old grooveB. It was impossible for him to submit any scheme before next sesBiun. but in the meantime he intended to confer extended jurisdiction upon the Local Court 4, and in that he was trying to accomplish the fusion of law and equity. Whether it would answer or not lie could not tell. Certainly he had not been negligent. The matter bad cost him a great deal of thought : and anxiety, for he did not wish to bring out a measure which would be no credit to himself and no good to the country. In that matter he had cer tainly not stolen the clothes of the hon. member for Gumeracha. The way in which he went about continually lauding himself at the expense of other people was monstrous. They had only his owu statement as to the motives which actuated him, and had no aesurance that it was all pure patriotism. If bo, it was not the same principle, which governed his public course which governed him in private matters, for they knew that if he could only have got a few hundreds a year be would have been willing to leave these horrible men, of whom he was always complaiuiug, to have gone to England as Emigration Agent As the hon. member had favoured him with a quotation, he would conclude by giving him one in return, which occurred in the same ode, and was addiea-.ed to quite as big a humbug :— ''Tis not aB plain as the big hill of Howth, A man has got his belly full of moat, Because heBpeaks with vic'uals in his mouth.' Mr. ILKES moved the adjournment of the debate. Csrried. The debate was then adjournc 1 till next dav, and the House adjourned at 20 minutes past 7 o'clock till to-day at 2 o'clock. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. UinVTSniV MAY II Xhe Speaker took the cnair at a o ciock. PETITION. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE presented a petition from Hip rhairman and members of the Strathalbyn District Council, praying luai. t,uc uuusc wuuiu voteil50,0!)0 for the construction and maintenance cf main roads for the year 1874-5. deceived and read. Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Ajtgas from the Tan»nda District Council; and by the Attobnet-Gekehal, from the Hamilton District Council. Received Mr. SOLOMON presented a petition from the Corporation of Adelaide, praying that they might le considered as the promoters of a Building BilL Received and read. MESSAGES FROM THE COUNCIL. Messages were received from the Legislative V'jaiitil notifying the appointment of Sessional Committees. THE PKOPOSED NEW PARLIAMENT „ , HOUSES. Mr. tfAEEow asked if the Government had received designs for the new Houses of Parlia ment. ,.,lhe {ttMMlSSlOXEtt of PUBLIC WORKS tuon. H. L Urijjht) said that eight had bsen received, ami pronged that the plans and eleva hTr S»nld *? ''?wfcjea on the premises for the information of numbers. v?HLLiAJE ftfST-OFFICE ROBBERY. mr. «KA1 asked whether the Government Th !?,. ?h )*sl'iCT1 10 «ve any further information Thl rui 'Sj^-Offia robbery. rJtl)MH^, sECKKTAJtyJ(Hoa. A. Blyth) !$£i£ nh?-had ro farther information. The «oSrS 3? la W*''!. If they wete a clue £&&? Jfft b' ? on the pan of toe Port-Office The CHIEF SECRKTARY -H'n. A. BJy h) -wd the whole matter had received the personal atten tion of himself and one of bis colleagues. They had suggested plans for 'locking the stable door' to prevent a recurrence, and a thorough enquiry, which had been already commenced, would be insisted upon. THE BARROW'S CREEK AFFRAY. h'r. WARD asked whether the thi Government had received any further information beyond that which had been made public regarding what might or might not have followed the Bai row's Creek affray. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blylh) was under the impression that the whole of the telegrams had been published. It was possible, however, that there was one which had not been published in its entirety, but not for any particular reason. If the hon. member wished it the papers could be laid on the table. THE RECENT RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. Mr. WARD asked what steps the Government had taken in reference to the recent railway acci dents, and if they had enquired into the causes. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said the Government had taken special steps to ascertain the causes. NORTHERN ROADS. Mr. REES again wished to call the attention of the Commissioner of Public WorkB to the state of the road at Tommy's Gap. north of Wondogoleech. From the tone of the hon. member's reply yes* teiday he seemed to think it a matter of ridicule. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) had answered the hon. member with as much gravity as he could. He could only repeat the statement that the Govern ment had received no intimation of the state of the road; and he believed the place was not known to the Surveyor-General Air. AN GAS explained that Tommy's Gap was Bituated on the road between Wondogoleech and Canowie, where the mail ran between Kooringa and Mount Remarkable. It was a dangerous place. Mr. PEARCE asked the Commissioner of Public Works if he would make enquiries as to the dangerouB state of the road. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WuRKS (Hon. H.E. Bright) promised to do so; but there was no sum voted which he could devote to roads out side District Councils, exceot they had been pre viously main lines and had been struck off the schedule. UNDERMANNED SHIPS. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE asked if the Government had taken steps during the recess, in accordance with a promise made, to prevent undermanned ships leaving South Australian ports. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) asked the hon. member to give notice, as the Treasurer was away; but the matter had not escaped the attention of his colleague. PAPERS. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) laid on the table Plans and definitions of the proposed new Hundreds of Frome, Daly, Victoria, and Fcr guEson. Definitions to te printed and plans lithographe 1. The fourth annual report of the Auduor-Geneul on the state of public accounts. To be printed. IMPROVEMENTS AT VICTOR HARBOUR. Mr. LINDSAY asked the Commissioner of Public Works 'why the harbour improvements at Port Victor, for which the sum of £10,000 was voted in the year 1867, are not yet made available for the landing and shipping of goods.' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A- Blyth) replied:— 'The reason why the harbour improve ments at Port Victor are not yet available is that the funds provided are found to be insufficient to complete the works as originally proposed. The further expenditure of money will be delayed until the report on the survey for a canal from Goohva to the seaboard has been considered.' SIZE OF RADLWAY CARRIAGE WHEELS. Mr. LINDSAYasked the Commissioner of Public Works— '1. Whether decreasing the siz3 of the wheels of railway rolling-stock increases the diaucht? 2. Whether it has been found expedient to increase the size of the wheels of the passenger carriages upon the Strathalbyn and Middleton 5 ft. 3 in. line ?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon.H.E- Bright) replied :—' Yes. The proper diameter of railway wheels is regulated by the speed and character of the roads. Hi^h sne^l requires large wheels, low speed small ones. Vide D. R. Clarke, 'Railway Machinery;' and Gordon on Locomotion. 2. It has not l«en found expedient to increase the size of the wheels of the passenger carriages upon the Strathalbyn and Middleton 5 ft. 3 in. line.' SALE OF FOUR PER CENT. BONDS. Mr. BARROW asked the Treasurer 'whether the Agent- General has been instructed to offer tor sale 4 per cent, bonds to the amount of £180.000 at £90 for each bond of £100; whether the whole or any portion of these bonds were previously offered in Adelaide or the neighbouring colonies; and, if bo, at what price; under what Acts are the bonds now offered; what is the currency of the bonds; what date is fixed for receiving tenders.' The CHJEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth), on behalf of the Treasurer, replied :-' £100,000 worth of Northern Territory BondB, under Act 17 of 1S73, having 20 years' currency, and £S-J,0O'J worth of Soutb-Eastern Railway Bonds, under Art 25 of 1872, having 25J years' currency, were sent to the Agent-General in February, with instructions to offer them for sale eaily in ftlay, or fold them for a few months at his discretion. He was leit free to fix the minimum price, and to announce it or not as he might consider most suitable to the money market in London. The Northern Ter ritory Bonds had been previously offered for sale here by public advertisement; but the only tender was at £87 17s. -5d. per cent, from the Savings Bank, which was declined, the sealed minimum price when opened being £91 5s. per cent. The Agent-General has not telegraphed any particulars a b to his call for tenders; but the public telegrams last week mentioned £90 as the announced minimum. TELEGRAPH AND POST-OFFICES AT PENOLA. Mr. LAURIE asked the Commissioner ot Publ :c Works 'the reason of the delay in commencing t* e erection of the new Telegraph and Post-Olfics buildings at Penola.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC ^VORK5 (Hon. H. E. Bright) replied :— ' The additions to ihe Te'egraph and Post-i )ffice buildings at Penola are in prrgress, and tenders will be invited in next week's Gazette.' THEBARTON WATER SUPPLY. Mr. PICKERING asked the Commissoiner of Pui lie Works ' when the water will be laid on to Thi barton.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Bon. H. E. Bright) replied:— 'The water inaiii* are laid to Thebarton, and will be gazetted this wiek, after which the service can be laid down as required.' THE RESERVOIR. Mr. SIMMS asked the Comniisaioner of Public Works 'when will the puddling at the nev Reservoir be completed; how many months supply of water is there in the old Reservoir?' The COMMISISONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) replied:-' The puddling of the new Reservoir will probably be completed in 1^ months, but the water will be admitted during the ensuing winter, as was the case during hut season ; the old Reservoir is now standing at ?i ft. 6 in., and if rain falls at the rate of one inch per month the present depth of water can easily be maintained. There is at least three months' supply in the old Reservoir, even if no rain falls in the interim.' PORT WAKEF1ELD AND KADINA RAILWAY. Mr. DUNCAN asked the Commissioner of Public Works 'whether Bteps have been taken to commence the construction of the railway between Port Waketield and Kadina: and, if not, when do the Government intend to move in the matter.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. E. Bright) replied: — ' The Engineer in-Chief anticipated being able to Bend a surveyor on the Port Wakefield and Kadina line early this month, but will be unabie to do so until the end of the present month, as the surveys of the Port Pine, Port Brougaton, and Port Wakefield Extension lines have occupied the whole of the professional talent at the disposal of the department. The surveyor who laid out the Kadina line is now completing the Port Pirie line, and could not be removed without materially interfering with the work upon which he is engaged. The rails, engines, truck-wheels, and axles for the Port Wakeneld and Kadina line have been ordered from England.' NORTHERN TERRITORY LITIGATION. Mr. BARROW asked the Chief Secretary, ' with reference to the appeal to the Judicial Committee of Privy Council, re Northern Territory land-order* holders' action :— 1. Have the Government received any report of the proceedings in the above appeal, or any report of the summing up and judgment of their Lordships! 2. What is the total amount of money to be expended under the abovemen tioned judgment, and what is the amount of accrued interest? 3. What is the total amount of law costs and other charges connected with the appeal, and what the amount of other costs and charges in the same case prior to the appeal? 4\. Have the land grants or land orders involved in the above litigation been returned to Adelaide? 5\. Will the Government offer for sale the lands reverting to them under the judgment of the Com mittee of Privy Council!' The CHDiF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) replied: — 'L Yes. 2. The total ameunt is £78,503 4s. 5d, made up as follows :-Princioal, £34,950 7s. 6d.; interest, £37.583 &. -5d.; costs. £5,939 7s. 5d.-totaL £78.503 4s. 5d. 3. The amount of costs connected with the appeal, £2,462 11*.: prior to the »r-pea'. £3.476 16s. 5-i— tntil. £5.939 7s. 5d. 1 Yes. 5. Probably bo, bat the matter has not yet been considered.' THE ADDRESS IN REPLY. Adjourned debate on the motion for the adoption of the report, to which Mr. Boucaut had moved the following amendment:— Paragraph 6, to add the words, ' But we disapprove of the continuance of free immigration at the present time.' Mr. LAURIE was glad at this early stage of the session to be able to address the House, because ast year he was unfortunately unable, owing to his laying had a severe fall, to devote much time to legislative duties. He would, however, this eession do as much as lay in his power for his constituency and the country at large. (Cheers.) Last session he advocated free immigration and the importation of as many people as tne resources of the colony would allow, but during the last 12 months he had seen reason to alter his views. (Hear, hear.) The Government had introduced a class of labour perhaps not of the best sort, and while doing so the country was losing a better population owing to the additional advantages which the other colonies offered. Nobody had to go beyond the border between Victoria and South Australia to see that the very cream of the population was leaving the colony, taking with them a large quantity of live stock, implements, and he had no doubt a great deal of cash. If there was one person who had left the South Eastern District he believed there were 1,500 or 2,000. While people who were rivetted to the soil were obliged to leave it for want of land, and the Government were at the same time incurring an expenditure of some £30.000 per annum in bringing people from England, they were only incuiring ex pense in keeping up the population and not in creasing it So long as the Government brought out people unhedged by any agreement to remain in the colony so long would he be compelled to oppose immigration. He was sorry for that, be cause he believed a healthy stream of immigration was beneficial. He did not think that the assurance of the Goyerment that they would introduce a Civil Service Bill had come before it was wanted, be cause the civil servants were treated scurvily, and a Bill would have the effect of putting them in a more independent position. He should be most happy when the time came to vote for a subsidy to the Eastern Telegraph Company for a reduction in the cost of messages. As a country member he intended to oppose the large expendi ture proposed by the Institute Commission for the erection of an Institute in Ade jaide. They had a right first to provide for the internal communication of the colony, and afford concessions to farmers and the producers of other staple interests before indulging in such an expen sive etructure. He would l-e extremely sorry to assist in altering the Real Property Act unless he was convinced that the amendments would be bene ficial. The present system of conveyancing was beautifully simple and all that was required, and he thought the lawyers of the House were too fond of picking holes in the coat of the Act. Having read Mr. Torrens's letter, he was convinced that not much reform wits necessary. They had the assurance of the Treasurer that the land was the vital question of the session. He sincerely re gretted that the Government should at the end of the term of this Parliament interfere with the law. (Oh.) He was. however, perfectly ia favour of reducing the price of land, and considered that 20s. was as much as any man could afford to pay. He regretted exceedingly that the Treasurer should have made such an unwise and impolitic speech as he did the previous day. He said he had doubts as to the advisability of declaring the whole colony into an area— that people who took up land would be mistaken. He thought it the duty of the Government, if they thought they would do the population any injury, to let matters remain as they were. (Cheers and No.) It was not the duty of the Government to encourage people to go where they would not be likely to make a living. A man sometimes took his own judgment, but he was guided a great deal by the Government who brought in measures, and they sometimes brought them forward in such a flowery and elegant manner that they convinced a man against his nill. (Laughter.) There was a large amount of country within the line of rainfall that might be legitimately placed in the market. The present Ministry were to blame for not offering mote of the drained lands in the South-East. He had re ceived a letter from an intelligent and generally respected resident in the South- East, who said, ' You should pres3 the drainage works. It is our last card. There is no more land in the South-East fit to cany a population.' He said the same thing, and was there any man who could say to the con trary-? (Mr. Ward— 'Yes.'') Not a thousand acres of land had been opened in the district during the twelve months. There was a small amount of 5. 000 acres gazetted, but that was only enough for 10 selectors. Theregwere hundreds and thousands of acres of land that needed draining, and it was the duty of the Government to spend money in ridding it of water, because they would take good care when it was open to add the cost of drainage to the value of the land. For former selections they had charged £6 per acre, which was more than double the upset price of any other land offered. If more land were put into the market they would not hear of people going from Kapunda and all parts of the colony to Horsham. With regard to the Northern Territory, he had yet to learn that it was anything but the white elephant it had been named. He thought the -wisest policy would be for South Aus tralia to cut the painter, let it manage itself, and let us manage our own affairs. (Mr. Solomon — 'Oh.') If they were as wise as Solomon they might do it, (Laughter.) He re gretted that the Education Bill of last session was rejected by the Upper Hou^e. Its rejection did not reflect much credit on the individuals who composed that Chamber. If ignorance was to prevail he was exceedingly sorry. :-nd sorry that the colony elected members for the Upper House in the way it did. If they were to go to their constituents to-morrow they would fiud very great difficulty in getting people to vote for them. (No.) It was a matter for regret if educa tion was not to be carried out, because it cost a few paltry pounds, and if money was to be put in one scale and intelligence in the other. He would be willing to spend a large amount of money for education. He regretted that members had so persistently opposed a settlement of the road question. The sooner they bad a House of 4b' members the better, because Providence had decreed that the additional members should be country members, and it was they who knew the needs of the colony with regard to roads. The Victorian system by which the shires maintained the roads was manifestly better than ours. Tolls were a relic of the barbaric ages. (Mr. Salomon— ' They existed all over Victoria.') Only in a few places, and where, as at St. Kiida, the cost of collection was small; but the roads in South Aus tralia would hardly pay fot the collection of the tolls. He was prepared as far as lay in his power to provide that the landed proprietors pay for the roads which made their properties valuable. Through the ad valorem duties the poor man paid the taxes as much as the rich, and he thought that as property was taxed it should contribute towards the icvenue. The maintenance of the roads in the South-East took all the money voted to the Mount Gambier Local Board, and if the Government did not increase the vote they would not be able to make any new roads. He would be glad to assist the Government in carrying out a scheme of tele graphic extension towards Western Australia, believing that if it would not pay it would be a C eat concession and advantage. He would favour a scheme for supplying Yorke's Peninsula with water. He came now to the question of the drained lands in the South-East— the only matter referring to his district mentioned in the speech. He thought some scheme was necessary for the management of the works— (Hear, hear) -and their protection from Btock. He was sorry that the five members who visited the scene of opera tions had thought fit to bring in the report they did. It was not competent for five members to go down for two or three weeks or a month and say what was the right thing to do. There had teen a waste of money, but that had not been the fault of the Drainage VVorks or the country, but ot the Government and the officers entrusted with the work. If the works had been from the first under the direction of one man who was capable of carry ing on the scheme the cost would have been much leas. The experience of the Government would no doubt be useful, and he thought the House would do wisely if they spent a lump; of money in re claiming the lands, which were inferior to none in the colony. He caw no allusions to railways in the address. He thought the branch railway now asked for to Clare would be a paying one, and although representing a district; situated four or five hundred miles distant from the northern settlements he would always be found voting for anything for their ad vancement The Government should open the Mayurra and Miihcent country by a railway from Kivoli Bay. He had asked time after time for money to make roads here, and had been told by the Government that they could not borrow for main roads. But they could borrow for railways. The line he suggested was only 14 miles long. It was over a sandy and nasty road, and a railway over it would bring the drained lands into repute and greatly benefit the farmers. He also thought that in consequence of the enormous production of potatoes at Mount Gambier it was necessary to change the road for a railway, using the present line as a foundation. The road, which was 20 miles long, cos*, at present £120 per mile to maintain, and if there were 20.000 tons of potatoes to export thh year, as he believed there would be, the expense would be much greater than in the past. There were a few gradients close to Mount Gambier which would have to be altered, but beyond that he saw no difficulty. There was one matter to which he hoped the Government would give attention— that was the en largement of the Mount Gambier Hospital (Mr. Bright— 'Hesr, hear.') Persons visited tnat from Adelaide and other portions of South Australia, and the Government would do well to place a sum on the Estimates towards finishing the central wing. He hoped the Government this session would act in a manly way. He had not got very much in the past although being very moderate ia his demands— (laughter)— and was incline! to try, instead of being friendly with the Government, what a little bullying and threatening would do. (Laughter.) If the Government would put their foot down, and say we believe this is right and we mean to carry it or resign, they would do better than spending their energies in endeavouring to catch a few trout in the parliamentary stream. (Laughter.) He did like honest, independent men. and if the Ministry brought in measures which met with his approval they could always reckon upon his support. (Great laughter.) That was promising a great deaL because there were members who would vote any way so long as it was against the Government— (Hear, hear)— even against their own principles. Mr. CARR rose to order. The SPEAKER— The hon. member is perfectly in order. He has not mentioned any name. Mr. CARR submitted to the Seeaker's ruling, but he thought a leflection on the House was out of order. The SPEAKER— It is not a reflection upon any individuals, but a general assertion, which he must take for what it was worth, (Laughter.) Mr. LAURIE did not intend to reflect upon the hon. member Mr. Can, whom he knew would not oust the Ministry. (Laughter.) He thanked the House for the patient hearing. Mr. BARROW said his vote would be with Mr. Duncan for the adoption of the reply, but he wished it to be clearly understood that he was not thereby ? expressing any opinion on the subject of immigration. (Hear, hear.) Although he was aware the amendment of Mr. Boucaut was strictly in order, they ought not to be called upon to record their decision on such a grave and important question without due notice, so that they might be prepared to discuss the subject in the manner it deserved— (Hear, hear)— and he submitted to the hon. member whether it was wise to bring forward an important amendment in such a manner when he admitted at the outset that he had no prospect of carrying it The hon. member bad been referred to as the recognised leader of the Opposition; but be should like first of all to know who constituted the Opposition, and then it would be for them to say whether they recognised Mr. Boucaut as then leader— (Hear, hear)— and if so, when he was elected to that office. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was not wise for the Treasurer at the very openiog of the session to throw down tne gauntlet as he had done, and attempt to intimidate the House by a threat of resignation. The Treasurer could hardly have consulted his colleagues, or if he did it made the matter five times worse. Such a defiance was much more calculated to turn against the Govern ment than, to enlist in their favour those who might possibly be wavering. Opening speeches were generally understood to contain the minimum of sense in the maximum of words, and it was not fair to subject them to a very rigid criticism. That applied to not only viceregal but also Royal speeches. The speech with which Mr. Disraeli had gratified his supporters contained several passages cribbed without a single word of emendation from former royal speeches. (A laugh.) At the same time, there were omissions in the speech which they were discussing which were very sig nificant. There was one which the Chief Secretary could not have consented to without sad regiet; he referred to the omission of any allusion to the Transcontinental Railway scheme. (Hear, bear.) When that hon. gentlemau sat in thereat Mr. Boothby now occupied he pressed upon the House the vast importanceof a transcontinental railway scheme, and named a land concession which made even his supporters stand aghast. A year passed away, and the hon. gentleman came down with another measure in which he reduced the amount of that concession by about 50 per cent. (Mr. Ward -'A hundred per cent.' Great laughter.) Now that half had vanished, and the whole scheme was as the baseless fabric of a vision —nothing being left to represent it but the Chief Secretary himself— (laughter)— and it must have been very hard that not even a corner could be found for it, nor even mention amongst such other common topics as roads, railways, and education. He was surprised, too, that there was nothing in the speech about the consolidation of the bonded debt. The Tieasurer had been in a better position than any of his predecessor in this matter, because there was the report of a Select Committee in print and vanouB documents from London actuaries. It was highly important that the various bonds should be consolidated, instead of which the Government proposed to still further increase them. He hoped it was not yet too late for the Treasurer to show that he was not indifferent to the importauceof the subject or incapable of dealing with it. Already mention had been made of the Murray Kiver traffic. If the Government remembered what ha-l taken place in reference to that they must feel that the time had come when any Ministry in power ought to deal with that subject; but the Govern ment appeared, so far as could be judged from their speech, to be totally indifferent, and to ignore it altogether. He was also sorry there was no allusion to a measure fyr facilitating the arrest of absconding debtors or cne to regulate brokers. If there was anything capable of being reformed it was the present syfitem of sharebroking, which was largely responsible for the gambling and ruinous practices which had existed, notably in connection with Northern Territory minine affairs. It was to be regretted that what purported to be an exposition of the Ministerial policy should omit reference to so many points that must be dealt with in any comprehensive plan of legislation. Looking at what was in the speech, there were several matters he should like some further information upon. Paragraph 3 said, after referring to the calling of the mail steamers at Glenelg:— 'My Government has not hesitated to grant all reasonable requests made by the P. & O. Steam Navigation Company.' What were the unreasonable requests that hid not been granted? (Hear.) Perhaps they would have a little information on that subject. Paragraph 4 said advantage would lie taken of the satisfactory state of the public revenue ' to complete some im portant edifices, to aid in the erection of many institutes in the country districts, aud to provide for many other much-needed public works.' That wos rather too vague to enable hon. members to judge whether the intentions of the Government were judicious or not. Then came paragraph 5:— 'You are probably aware that my Government has made large advances out of revenue towards the expense of completing several duly authorized public works. It will be necessary to raise funds by means of a loan for these and similar under takings. Bills for these purposes have been pre pared, and will be forthwith laid before you.' He should like to know what the works were, and what were the disbursements from the Treasurv. (Hear, hear.) The Estimates, they were told, were ready to be placed in their hiuds. That be took as meaning what it expressed— that there was no reason why they should be kept back another day. In paragraph 7 they were told the amount expended had been the means of intro ducing a number of suitable immigrants, all of whom had speedily found employment. He was not prepared to contradict that and hoped it was true; it was not so easy to prove, and he should like to have a few words to show that it was not a random statement without sufficient basis. In connection with the same subject it would not be amiss if the Government wouid say a word about the new discovery they had made that immigrants were not bound to stop in the colony as they had all supposed they were for at least two years, and whether they were aware of that before they sent home the last order. He would not go through all the paragraphs, but coming to trie 16th, His Excellency said the administration of affairs in the Northern Territory had been a source of much anxiety. No doubt of that; but it should have been a source of something more than anxiety. It should be the occasion of comprehensive statesmanship. They wanted co know not only how sore was the disease, but what was the remedy, and what prospect there was of the remedy being effectual. As soon as the place was able to maintain itself the very first thing would be an agitation for separation, and although they would debit the Government of North Australia with the debt incurred on their behalf, debiting and getting payment of 26s. in the pound, were two different things. (Hear, hear.) If the place was to be made to pay, he was satisfied Coolie labour must be introduced, but the Government must tike care to hold the Companies respousible for the employment and payment of the labour they agreed to take— (&lr.; Bray— 'They are not responsible')— as far as practicable. He did not want to cut the pn inter, as it had been termed. They must rather submit to suffer from a bad bargain than seek to escape the liabilities they had undertaken; but at the same time they must not forget to keep a tight hand upon the purse strings. (Hear, hear.) The question had been raised whether the land policy enunciated in the speech was the policy of the Government or of the hon. member for Gumeracha. It was difficult in such matters to say who was the prime originator. They might a? well ask who wrote ' God Save rhe QueenT' or 'Old Mother Hubbard.'' (Laughter.) The authors of those great works were lost in the mists of antiquity; and they must be content to accept, their works which immortalized them with out their names. Whatever doubt- there might be as to the originator of a political idea, the man who brought that idea forward and made out of a shadowy theory a hard substantial fact stood more identified with that policy than the mere theorist who conceived the notion but did not know how to give it effect If tbose remarkB had any weight, it must be ad n.itted the Government land policy was that which had been perfected and brought before the public by Mr. Ward. He was not prepared to say he could altogether go with that. He was rather irclined to say the present law had not had a fair trial, but if there were any palpable defects or flagrant abuses which a short Act would remedy he should be prepared to aid in passing such a measure. But he must express regret at the way he Treasurer had spoken on the subject. He had been known as a consistent Conservative in land matters— (Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear')— one who had no sympathy with the advanced reform party, and now he had placed himself at their very head. They would say might not an hon. member change his views ! Y es ; he would very often show himself unfit for legislation if he did not when the circumstances of the community altered ; but what he complained of was that the Treasurer had changed his policy without changing his opinion. He said he warned the agriculturists that they would repent it if they went beyond Goyder's line of rainfall into that country which he was going to open for them. (Hear, hear.) Mr. West-Erskine and Mr. Boucaut spoke on the necessity of a defence force, but with a very different object The hon. member for Mount Barker thought it would be very useful to repress internal commotion— a sort of political police— upon the system of Austria and some other countries, whose institutions Englishmen were not willing to accept as models. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Boucaut repudiated that idea, and said he would support the establishment of a defensive force as a safeguard against foreign aggression, but not against their own people. There was a wide difference between the two grounds; but whatever force they had must be available for the preservation of law and order. It was said that a member of the Government had stated that if he had a thousand soldiers he would put down the Moonta strike. (Oh.) If he had had 10,000 he would have had no right to employ them to put down the Moonta strike. (The Chief Secre tary— 'Hear, hear.') No doubt the matter had been misreported. He could not believe that any one of the Government would have made such a statement. (The Chief Secretary—' Hear, hear.';) If life was endangered or property destroyed it would have been right to bring out whatever force there was, aot to put down the strike, but to protect life and property. ('Hear, hear,' from the Ministry and other members.) They had yet to leam the relations which subsisted between capital and labour. The man who worked was not necessarily a servant of the man who employed him. There was a cer tain amount of work which he contracted to do. If he did it he got bis money, and if he did not do it he did not get it, and he was liable for any breach of his contract. Several hon. members had manifested a great interest in Major Warburton'a successful expedition, and no one would more cheerfully than himself support a proposal for a public recognition of his services. It must be re membered, however, that Major Warburton was not sent out by the Government, and he presumed hisjournals would be utilized by those gentlemen who sent him out, and to whom he would naturally look to be rewarded, and who were entitled to have the advantage of any new country he had dis covered that was of value. One other subject he wished to mention. The Government were pro posing to give two pounds to one raised on Yorke'B Peninsula for providing a water supply. If the whole population were included in one Corporation it might De a very easy way of meeting the case; but when perhaps one-half the inhabitants would not contribute anything to what was so raised, he questioned whether the plan proposed by the Go vernment was the wisest to adopt. He should reserve his ultimate opinion till be knew what amount was locally raised The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) expressed the pleasure he and he felt sure other members had felt in listening to the speech of the hon. member who had just sat down, not only on account of what it contained, but because of the evidence it afforded that the weakness of last session did not now attach to him, and that he was like himself again. (Hear, hear.) Generally this debate was one which was exceedingly interesting and useful to the Government in power. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) There never was a viceregal speech as to which a great deal could not be said on both sides— he meant on the two sidos of omisiaon and commission. Nothing was so easy as to find faults of omission. One was perfectly surprised the Government did not come forward with an elabo rate scheme of defence. If the Government had said they were going to bring before the House the utterly defenceless state of the province he could imagine how one hon. member could cet up and cspresB the hope that they were not going to have auother of those large guns,' two of which were now lying at the Port and costing so much a year to keep, and which he supposed every member of the community wished they could turn into sovereigns again. The matter of defences was not ripe for settlement by South Australia or any one colonv. It was aquestion of very grave import, affect ing the whole of the colonies, and be thought after consideration that he should again adopt tne same ceurse he had done of omitting all reference to it if he had to draw another speech. With regard to Major Warburton, he was sorry no reference had been made to him. Probably if the Government bad had to find the money for the expedition, as they had for previous expeditions, it would not have been overlooked. He thought some allusion should also have been made to the services of another exploration in some respects not so suc cessful, but reflecting great credit on the young explorer, Mr. Gosse. The next omission was that of the Murray River traffic, referred to by Mr. West-Erskine. Hon. members must know that subject was at present in a state of enquiry and examination, and it would be impossible for the Government to say more than what hon. members already knew. So far with regard to the chargeB of omission made by the hon. member for Mount Barker. It could not be wondered at that there were many objections. It was very much like the production of a law newspaper, where the diffi culty, he was told, was not to fill up the paper, but to decide what to judiciously leave out. It was just so with the Governor's Speech. If everything was put in it would make a very buiky document, and would not Berve the purpose which it was intended to serve. (A laugh.) Mr. Hughes spoke of the disagreement between the Government and the Education Board. As to that, he was perfectly certain there was no hon. member who, when he had read the papers, would state that he would have adopted a different course to that which the Government had taken ; and he would say further that the result of the attention which had been excited on the subject of education, even by that disturbance, would be pro ductive of good for many years to come. He could not look upen what had been done with any regret Objection had been raised to the course which had been decided upon by the Government with refe rence to Mr.Boucaut's amendment. Now nothing could be clearer than the intention of that amend-, ment, and, acting upon Parliamentary established rule, no Government could consent to such an amendment as that beintr embodied in the reply to the address and retain office. The very permission which this debate afforded to bring on subjects like that without notice gave such an amendment the importance which was attached to it. Those members who voted against the amendment were no more pledged to vote for free immigration than for assisted. The question of what sum should be expended, with other questions that had been referred to, would come on subsequently, and this amendment could only have been intended to have the effect which the Treasurer attributed to it In regard to the alteration of the land laws, he was not going to say whether the policy proposed was bis or bis colleagues, but would remind the House that he bad spoken times out of number of the very great disadvantage of having an arbitrary boundary. It was found to be so in the area Bystem. Wherever a block of land was surveyed there were always some people who found that the very land they wanted was outside the boundary. Land had already been sur veyed up to this very rainfall line, and the Government , had numerous applications for land beyond it Whether they would be able to cultivate it successfully or not he could not say— he earnestly hoped they would— but what he maintained was that it was not for the Govern ment nor for the House to say to any man that he should not take up such land if he thought it would suit him to do so. When the new hundreds, which had been laid on the table that day, had been surveyed, the whole of the first-class runs wi?bin the line of rainfall would have ceased to exist; and if they were to go on surveying this imaginary line of division must be done away with. The persons who took up the laud were the best qualified to say whether it suited them or not The hon. member Mr. Boucaut said he was not opposed to assisted though he was tofreeimmigra ticn. There had been a good many speeches on the subject at Yorke's Peninsula where there were many men of considerable ability, and one of them, Mr. Buzz, said that for the life of him he could not see the difference between assisted and free immigration. WaB it poseibie there were members who were favourable to it as long as they paid £12 per head for assisted immigrants, and wer opposed to it when they paid £14 for the whole passage? There was only a difference of £2 per head, and in the dearer case the labour was identically the class of labour that was required in the colony, whilst the cheaper labour was a less desirable dais of population. If there were persons who really were contented in this large p/ovince to say that 2C0.0CO peoDle with their natural increase were all that were required here — that it was a right and proper thing and to the interest of the colony that there should .be no further immigration— those persons took a very different view of their duties as a member of the community and a member of the Legislature to that which properly belonged to them. An increase of population was an increase of wealth, for a sound, healthy, active colonist added an actual value to the colony which could be com puted. The hon. member for West J'orreris had rf 'erred to an eminent jurist who receaiiy visited thia colony, fie had listened with pleasure to that gentleman express his greatest surprise that there could be in a commi'nity Wee this, with such vast resources and such a handful of people, any persons who were oppose] to immigra tion. Speaking of his own couutry, that gentle man said nothing had tended so much to the enrichment of that very vast and wealthy country * as the enoimous stream of immigration which vrm constantly flowing into it He felt thus— tncre were times, he felt, when it would be very unde sirable to have immigration, but there were other times when it was as much their duty to try to assist to populate the colony as it was their duty to vote for anything else. It was felt strongly last year, it was felt now, and it would continue to be elt, that they must add to the population of South Australia. Some reference had been made to the paragraph in the address on this subject and some doubts had been expressed as to whether the immi grants recently introduced had found employment. 3e merely stated his own experience that he lad not seen any of the immigrants-whofrom their attire could have been easily recognised— about the streets as in former years, and that was the strongest possible proof that they speedily found profitable employment. In connection with public worke, although the railways in the northern districts were not so extensive as they should have been, they nevertheless involved a great deal or money and care, and would require a large amount of labour; and in the carrying out of these works some consideration should be given to the on ward progress of the colony in increasing the popu lation. The Government were not going to ask for any excessive amount, but there were certain classes of labour which could only be obtained by means of unassisted immigration, Unless hon. members had read recent records in the old country they could hardly be aware of what opportunities were offered to persons to go to the other colonies. We did not want anything but the best addition to our population, and whether we got that at £12 or £14 seemed a very small matter indeed ; and the difference between assisted and unassisted immigration was literally no more than that. Before he parted with the hon member for West Torrens he would say one word. It was hardly necessary for him to deny on behalf of himself and his colleagues the absurd statement which rumour had attributed to them that one member of tbe Government had said that if they had 1,000 soldiers they would soon put down this strike. He would again say that he wished hon. members would not bring these rumours into the House, for Buch a thought as this was never entertained, and such a statement was never made. This question had been well dealt with by the hon. member Mr. Barrow. The question of the strike was a question between the men and their employers. No one would doubt the right of the men to refuse the wages offered to them any more than they would doubt the right of the employers to Bay they could not afford to pay them more, and to interfere therefore in. a matter of this kind would be a most absurd thing to do. 'ihe hon. member for Victoria (Mr. Laurie) had said there were lots of land within the line of rainfall, but if the hon. member would look at the map he would see how very little country land was left. The hon. member referred to drained lands, but they were a totally different thing. He iidmired the thorough consistency of the hon. member with regard to the road system. He held not the most popular views on the question ; but they were very clear and and distinct views, and he never failed to give utterance to them, and sup I ort bis views by his vote. He sympathized with the hon. member, and they must see that as popu lation extended and the demands for roads increased, as they undoubtedly would, they would have sooner or later to face this great question velative to the roads. If an opportunity were given 10 tbe Government to bring down their Estimates the hon. member would be pleased to see two or three lines which would show him that attention had been given to that long- neglected and very important district which he represented. He was sorry to hear the hon. member say that at least 2.0' 0 residents hadiecently left the district, because if that were the case the hon. member would see that the requirements of the district would not be so large. He hoped the hon. member would lulmit that he had made some little exaggeration here. (Mr. Laurie— 'No.') The hon, member Mr. Barrow referred to the financial policy of the Treasurer. He assured the hon. member that the Treasurer did not speak on the subjects indicated simply because yesterday was not the proper time to do so. He would be aware that all matters con nected with the public debt and the financial status of the colony were very properly confined to the Budget speech of the Treasurer, and it would be tendering that speech etill less interesting than it usually was if prior to the delivery of it the Trea surer should allude to his views on the consolida tion of the public debt and the various other matters to which reference had been made. He iissured the hon. member and the House that the Estimates were ready, and that so soon as the address should be carried and presented to His Excellency they would be laid upon the table. Be had endeavoured to state in the briefest language the simple truth, and the Estimates this year were of more than ordinary importance. Two or three hon. members had referred to the civil servants having been treated scurvily. He did not think they would say that when they saw the Esti mates, and certainly neither he nor his colleagues desired to win the character of treating the civil servants in the way indicated. He had spoken at greater length than he intended, for really there was very little to reply to. These complaints of omissions from the speech, and of grave errors in the contents of the speech, were very properly alluded to at that time; but excepting on very grave occasions, when there was a large, well united, compact body of members who were anxious to immediately turn out the Government he thought it very undesirable to carry an amend ment on the address. The amendment was made an echo of the speech, and it would be a gratifi cation to the Government if it were withdrawn. If it were not withdrawn they would oppose it as strongly as they could, He would only say to hon. members that no one was more conscious than he yras of the very many defects which as a politician belonged'to him, but he was not conscious of ever having endeavoured to mislead the House, or do anything to justify him, especially at the present time, in losing any of that confidence which had iieen perhaps extended to him in a greater degree than any other member of the House. Mr. PEARCE thought the Chief Secretary in his closing remarks was more than usually sarcastic He referred to a well-ordered, compact, and * properly- regulated Opposition, plainly inti mating that in his opinion the Opposition were a rope of sand, and that the Ministry need have no fear of them. Well, if so, they deserved to fail. it had been hinted that another h'n. member, .vho might fairly be presumed to belong to the Opposition, intended tabling an amendment of another kind, so as to test the feeling of the House. He was not in the confidence of the hon. member or the leader of the Opposition, and he had not been consulted. He could, however, have wished that if any hostile amendment was to be tabled it had been before the House before that time, because he had not clearly made up his mind not to oppose the Government whilst at the same time he was free to confess that he did not understand if there was any recognised Opposition. He took it for granted that that was an occasion on which, especially after a long recess, during which the Government had had a fair opportunity of prepar ing for a useful session, members snould look round the policy which the Government proposed to pursue, and make up their minds whether they would support that policy or not. (The Chief Secretary— 'Hear, hear.') He should take that opportunity of criticising some portions of the address in a manner which was open to every independent and candid member of the House. He would say in the outset that he was very dissatisfied with the address itself. Almost every hon. member who had spoken, even the mover and seconder, had referred to it as con taining nothing, and he had to find fault not only with its meagre content*, but also with the order in which it was placed. ' Foremost among the mea sures to be submitted to you will be found those in connection with law reform.' These words occurred in the 12tb paragraph, whereas in the 17th paragraph he read, ' You will again be invited to consider measures relating to education, roads, and distillation.' The question of law reform was mentioned first as being ot the greatest imwrtanoe, whereas other vital questions were clubbed together and disposed of at the end of the spiech in three or four words, as if it were a matter of indifference whether they were carried or not. (The Chief Secretary— 'No.') If it was the intention of the Government to bring in these measures at the fag end of the session and shelve them the Government would no longer com mand his support for this reason— that he considered education and roads two of the most pressing questions to be brought before the House, and questions which ought to be dealt with before they went to the country. (The Chief Secretary— 'Hear, hear.') They should be settled in a satis factory way, if possible, before an appeal to the country. So far as education was concerned he wag prepared to give consideration to any measure fimilar in character to that which was before the House last session, whether that measure were introduced by the present Government or any other Government. If, however, the Government intended to play fast and loose with the road ques tion as they did with a similar question last session, and as had been done by every Government since he had been in the House, he would take an opportunity when the next elections came on to organize a party who would extort from every can didate a pledge that he would support some scheme or other for the reorganization of our road system. He hoped the Government would not make that necessary, but would really take the matter in hand, and bring forward such a measure as the country would adopt. He must say that the fact that the Ministry had placed these questions in the order they had made him a little mistrustful an to whether they intended seriously to deal with these questions this session. The particular question before the House, and on which the hoa. member for West Torrens had moved his amendment was a most important one— (Hear, hear)— and he should be obliged to vote with the Government at least on this question. If the hon. member placed the i83ue before the House as to whether the Government should eo out or stay in on this question of immi gration he should vote with the Government as he believed immigration to be necessary. He would 1 admit that lately bis faith, in the necessity of immi gration had been to some extent shaken, ana ne was disposed to lay the blame of that oo too I Government. He did not wish to be unfair W I hard upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands, W» I he felt that day as he had often felt before thatSt W was imperatively necessary that the head of tno/ Crown Lands Department ought to be in tiue House. He was surprised there wasjjvj intimation that the Government intended to call in a Bixth Minister to reheve the Cotfmisj sicner of Crown Lands of the responsible^ and onerous duties he now had thrust upon nun! ana to give that House the benefit of havingtheCrown Lands Department represented in that Houf e. He believed the present Commissioner of Crown Lands to be a gentleman whose honour and inte grity were unimpeachable— (Hear, hear)— and any remarks he mignt make about him were to be considered as not reflecting on his integrity or honesty in the slightest degree. His own lmpres sion was that they must do one of two things— they must stop the introduction of immigrants into the colony, or so amend the land system as to keep those who were now leaving the colony, for it was an undoubted fact that some of our best and oldest agricultural settlers were leaving us to go to other colonies, and the only reason he had heaid assigned why farmers who had been in the colony for twenty years were now going away was that they could not obtain in South Australia a good farm on reasonable terms. He knew the Crown Lands Department would question the statement that there was a Bcarcity of good land open for selection suitable for farmera, and would doubtless bring down a long statistical array of figures to show how large a quantity there was open; but this was one of the evils of the present system. If there was a large quantity of land open, it was either of inferior quality or was so surveyed that it was quite impossible for a man of meanB to get a farm over (500 acres which was worth cultivating. The Government must have known of this for months past As a proof that he was not complaining of an evil which did not exist, he would state this fact. To his certain knowledge there were in the northern portion of the District of Light and the southern portion of the District of the Burra many farmers leaving the colony who were carrying away a capital of £700 to £1.000 each. These men had been over the Northern Areas during the last Eii or eight months seeking for farms and could not obtain them, and, dis satisfied and disgusted with the present system, they had dispatched representatives to the other colonies, and upon their report they were going to a neighbouring province. If necessary, he could give the names of these men, and their names would be well known in the colony. He might mention one family of brothers at Marrabel. Every member of that family, if they left us and went to Wimmera, as they were proposing to do, would take an average capital of £LO00 with them. He could mention three other neighbours— a family of brothers— who would take away a like sum. He could mention the case of another family of brothers who had cultivated land at Brighton for years, and having done that, made a comfortable home on newly- selected land in the North, where, however, they found the farraB to be too BinalL Two out of three of these had gone to Victoria, and had secured such splendid farms at £1 per acre that the other brother had been over and made a selection, and was about to sell off his Btock and leave his farm in the neighbourhood of Kapunda, and he would take with him at least £1,000. He was prepared to prove every one of these cases, and yet every one of these persons would have been glad to have remained in South Australia if they could have obtained land of a reasonable quality ia farms of fcOO acres at £1 an acre, or even at 22s. or 23a. He did not wish to throw the blame of this on the administration of the present Government l-ecause it was to a great extent those who managed the Crown Lands Department before them who were to blame for not having woke up earlier. They had gone on surveying a few sections here and there in small blocks, aud this was one of the evils which he was most anxious to see remedied. Whilst they continued to survey small farms of 200 or 300 acres they would have all the evils of the present system. If, however, they surveyed larger farms of 000 or 700 acres there would not be any ground for com plaint. If the department would look at the question of surveys more than at the question of price they would cure inoBt of the evils of the present Land Act There was another point with reference to immigration which he should like tbe Government to explain. It was an undoubted fact that some of the oldest and most successful of our agricultural settlers were Btill leaving us. Would tbe Government in tbe face of that continue to intro duce new immigrants? If so, what cIobs would they be? It had been represented that such in structions were given to the Emigration Lecturer as led him to discard that very useful sphere of opera tions, the agricultural districts of England, and go to Cornwall to engage miners. ('No, no.' from the Ministerial benches.) It had Ween stated in a form which led him to believe it was the case, and he was glad he had given the Government the oppor tunity of denying or explaining the matter. It did seem to him a most marvellous thing that although when tbe Emigration Lecturer left Adelaide it was well known there was a wide -spread dissatisfaction iu the English agricultural districts, and although agri cultural labourers was the elass of labour we mostly wanted, that gentleman should on arrival in England go not to those districts, but to St. Just and the Land's End to commence operations amongst the miners there. The men on the Peninsula recently in their excitement declared that capitalists had got at the Government, aud that the fact that the Government had sent home for miners had led to the 'cut' in their wages. He did not believe anything of the kind, but seeing the course taken by the lecturer in England it certainly did seem that the miners had some justification for what they said. (The Treasurer— 'The dates won't fit at all.') If the Government did not show him that they were uot playing into the bands of large Companies in the introduction of labour, then he should go dead against the importation of such labour; but if they intended to spend money for the introduction of agricultural latiourersthey should have his unflinching support. This brought him to the point as to whose policy on the land question they were to have. Appear ances were against the Government and in favour of bis friend the hon. member for Gumeracha. He was anxious to see the land 6ystem improved, and he was prepared toshowthatitwasbynoineans perfect at present-(Hear, hear) -although it was a great improvement upon the former Bystem. He should be happy to support the Government in the amendments they suggested, or to help the hon. member for Gumeracha to achieve the same end. He was dead against that powerful organ the Register. He denied, and he challenged the Register to prove that substituted residence had in any way increased dummyism. He was prepared to prove that dummyism had considerably decreased under it, and that whatever dummyism existed was to be attributable entirely to Straug ways' Act, the great defect in which was to make personal residence compulsory, but not to insist on any cultivation being carried out How ever, be was bold to make the challenge to any one in the House or outside it to prove that substituted residence had been availed of for dummy purposes. To a great extent he believed it had cured the evil which it was though tit would create, and he wasnot prepared to submit to any alteration with regard to substituted residence. With reference to the policy of whether the price should be £1 or £2. he would like the cheaper rate, and should go for that; but as he said, the question wish the farmers was not bo much the price they paid as the ability to obtain farms conveniently surveyed and the facilities for rauid selection. He had feared somewhat that the Government were taking to themselves credit for the high price which land had recently been fetching, and losing, sight of the inconvenience arising from the undue competition of farmers iamong3t themselves. He was sorry nothing had been said about altering the surveys in future. The Government could not plead ignorance of this, for if no one else had done so he had informed them of the great evib and inconvenience which arose because sections were surveyed in such small blocks, which fostered an unhealthy competition amongst farraere. He was assured by tbe Commissioner of Crown Lands that he would remedy that evil by giving instructions that larger sections should m future be Burveyed. The very day that promise was made to him he rode up in the train with Mr. Smith, of Smithfield and Ford's, who told him he had that day urged the Surveyor-General to do the same thing, and that gentleman had .curtly replied that he should do nothing of the kind. He mentioned these things to snow that whether the Government were alive to the evil or not, it was one of the main causes of the failure of the Land Act not having farms of a sufficient bibb. He should be glad if the Govern ment could give any explanation of these things, and he threw upon the Government the responsi bility of saying how the lands should in future be surveyed, for he was sure that one of tbe be3t cures of the _ defects of the present Act would be to sur vey the land in blocks of 500 or 690 acres. He denied that the high prices obtained for land in the North was because of the unusually aood quality of the land. These were fictitious bargains, which he doubted very much if they could be com pleted. Many men had in a period of excitement paid very high prices for their land, and all he could Bay was that if they found themselves able to comply with their agreements it would be a for tunate thing for them and the colony. He attri buted these high prices to the dearth of land in suitable and convenient blocks. There was on« other point with reference to the Land Act which was giving rise to considerable apprehension— that was the question of water reserves. The Commis sioner of Crown Lands might have no wish to con travene the intentions of Parliament, but the success or otherwise of an Act depended very much upon the spirit and manner in which it was administered. He found on the part of the selectors and the pastoral lessees a strong disposi tion to secure the permanent waters, and no doubt tbe Oonmussioact of Crowi JtamU jhad a difficult 