The Press in Japan. DuniNG a recent debate in our Parliament, one of the members said that there was no newspaper published in Japan or China larger than tho usual parliamentary " orders of the day." If lie could see a copy of tho Japan Mail, he would probably retract his words. No. 8 of vol. 5 of that paper is now before us. It bears date May 13th, 1874, mid is published at Yokohama. It is a very larg» paper-one of the largest in the world in fact having no loss than 44 pages. It is well printed, , on axcellent paper, and would, typographically, bear favourable comparison with any of its Aus tralian contemporaries. For its character as a newspaper we will clip into its contents. Tho title page has the^usual heading, list of contents the births, deaths, and marriages, and s, summary, or precis of the important wents of tlie fortnight. Then follow leading articles upon the Formosan Expedition, contemplated by the Japanese Go vernment, in retaliation for barbarities committed upon Japanese sailors hy tho Formosa ns. The Mail deprecates the expedition, as likely to em broil the Government with tho Chinese authorities, who rule at Formosa; and in a very digniflod, yet hold manner, the editor lays down tho policy which lie thinks should be pursnod. Tho next article is a review or criticism of a reply to an argument against representative government in Japan, written by a Japanese named Kate. Tho reply is penned by Loyejima, Goto, and Itagaki, and the editor approves of their argument, and assists them to show that the advancement to warrant the introduction of representativo govern ment will follow the introduction, and should not be waited for. Tho whole of tho papers on tlie subject, Katô's argument, the reply of tho trio, , and the Maih article are very readable, and throw i a good light on to Japanese manners and customs and affairs politic. The Japanese show a pro ¡ ficiency in reasoning, and an acquaintance witli I the writings of political economists and others, ' that astonish us who have been accustomed to ' look upon thom as semi-barbarians. The next article is devoted to reviewing the condition of the country. After four yearn of very poor work and oruel prodigality we 1 have twenty miles of railway open, and twenty-five more the opening of which seems to hang fire most lamentably. Wo have a telegraph system of some extent, whioh is perpetually breaking clown, There has been some legal reform, whioh does tho Government muoh credit for tho spirit it evinces. But tho representative system exists only in tho columns of tho Japan Gazette. It must be borne in mind that the Mail ia-anti Ministerial and looks through its own spectacles. The Japan Bulletin is the MaiFs particular abomi nation-" Our ribald and scurrilous contemporary;" and some of the passages in reference to it might be from tho Fiji papers in the palmy days^when the Government there had its " hireling," or from our own Western journals in the thick of a fight. This article is followed up by another in the foreign Press of Japan, and the Mail objects to the continual abuse and ridicule of the Japanese authorities by English journalists in the " open ports," whoso phillipics and tirades are most re- j ligiously translated into the vulgate for the benefit bf the disaffected natives. Then comes the article on the silk and grain trade, the gist of .which wo gave recently, and another upon a decision given in a law court, both ably written and showing an intimate knowledge with the subjects, iu the noxt leader the special features of the proposed Assembly for Japan are set forth. The Assembly is intended by the Japanese to assist tho deliberations of the Cabinet, and the Mail gives its constitution, to show how little the Government of Japan will resemble that of free countries, as credulous and ignorant people assert. This Assembly is to have no legislative power. It is to be merely a deliberative body. Its resolutions . may be adopted by the Government, but in them selves they will have no power whatever. It will be seen by these articles that Japan is commencing to work out the great political problems scarcely yet solved by European coun tries. Tho official notification of the constitution und rules of this deliberativo assembly appear in the Mail. Following tho articles is the news. From the Nisshin SkinjisM we loam of the blowing up of a powder loaded Corean vessel through a spark from a, torch getting into the magazine, and the murder of Japanese sailors by Coreans. " Japanese Notes" contain sentences of deprivation of tlie rank ol' samarai, and decapitation, with subsequent exposure of the head, passed upon persons for being engaged in tho Saga insurrection ; and in the official summary of ovents notice is given that Yetó Shimpei, a Shizoku of the Saga Ken, who took part in the rebellion, and after wards fled, is deprived, of his rank as the first step of punishment; further punishment to ensue when ho should be found. Tho said " further punishment" is not described, but if, as Mrs. Glass's recipe is followed, and the hare is found, it is likely that Yetó Shimpei's fate will not bo an enviable one. " The discovery of Japan and tho introduction of Christainity," is the substance of an address delivered to the mem bers of a scientific society, and occupies over six columns of the Mail; and two more pages are taken up by a paper on " Winds and Currents in tho vicinity of tho Japanese Islands." "Our Neighbourhood," is a collection of fragmentary sketches. The ilrst is of a blacksmith who had a young and pretty wifo, and a baby, but took to saké (V.e" Japanese grog), and tells how young paper man (not newspaper), came and did his courting, and nursed the baby while »the poor blacksmith waa at the sake* shop ; and the end was that tho young paper man was found dead, and tho wife turned into a ghost. The rest are in the same style, and give good fresh pictures of Japanese life, with quaint and humourous fancies. Tho next is a report of the Asiatic Society's meet ing to discuss something very dry ; and a meeting of tho Amateur Athletic Association is also re corded. .'The games, consisted of j (flat and hurdle foot races, throwing the cricket hall, and other sports that show that athletics are much the same all the world over. A novelty is, however, introduced, some of the prizes beinggiven, in.person, by young ladies on the ground, accompanied by pretty little speeches. A Letter to the editor" complains of the peculiar policy of the Japanese in excluding all foreign enterprise from assisting in the commercial development of the country, and in the practical instruction of the natives, so as to enable them eventually to utilise the natural resources of Japan without external assistance. The writer urges that Russia, whore foreign capitalists find money for working mines and railways, should bo taken as an example. Another letter suggests the posting of weather reports at tho telegraph office, and a third has a local interest only. " Law and Police " give reports of the courts. The pro ceedings in H.B.M. (her British Majesty's) Pro vincial are summons cases for ' debt. In the Consular Court, 1?. Percival is sent to gaol for a week for binding with a rope and assaulting one Yendo Hamekicki. Thomas Rose is next fined two dollars and costs, for beating a coolie with an iron rod, which proves that Britons rules the waves everywhere. In the United States Consular Court several sailors are dealt with for drunkenness, and F. Golmeeker is cautioned and dismissed, after being charged with destroying a stone wall. Frederick Law is charged with breakingdown a railway gate, the property of the Takashima Kayenion, value SO.cents. Prisoner's defence is that he went to Yedo, "and took a glass or two too much, but, in spite of his confession, he is imprisoned for ten days, and fined three dollars. Notes of the Fortnight are mostly political, and tiley read very strange to outer barbarians. The perpetual changes in the Ministry are deplored, and the Mail says that 30,000,000 of people cannot be Governed by such a Cabinet which, discusses eternally personal and not public questions. A performance of the Club Germania is criticised, and a concert hy a Mr. "Wagner is noticed, both at some length. Amongst the personal notices, we read that the editor is anxious to correct an error that crept into his previous issue. It wns there stated that " Tlie Shogun Iyemoohi was the sou of Yoshitomi, thirteenth, prince of Kishlu." He wat, ' however, himself thirteenth prince of Eishiu, and his name was changed to Iyemoohi when he was elevated to the Shogunate. This seems to be a ticklish matter, and it was no douljt as well that the amende honorable was speedily made. Tlie vast trade between Japan and China and San Francisco ie shown by a shipping return, where 7859 chests of tea and 399 bales of silk appear upon the manifest of one vessel. Ship building is Japanese industry, for the launch of a steamer for the navigation of the Niigata River is reported. Forging and uttering are also industries not unknown m Japan, as the Mail says : It will bo seen by the notification issued by tlie Saga Kenre tb. it the Klnsats known as the Mejitsuho have been in many Instances tampered witt». The tampered notes are by no means confined to that Eon; several having been successfully parsed in Kobe. It requires but a superficial inspection to detect the fraud. The statement of trafile receipts at the Yoko hama railway station scarcely warraut the MaiFs abuse of tho railway policy of the country, . for the receipts for each : week on 18 miles . amount to about 10,000,000 dollars, or an average of over 800 per mile per week. The number of persons using the line is from 30,000 to 40,000. The shipping intelligence notes the arrival and departures of numbers of vessels, many of them over 2000 tons register ; and two, the Great Republic and Japan, are put down re spectively as of 3882 tons and 4254 tons. From the commercial intelligence we learn that cotton piece goods, cotton yarns, woollens, iron and metals, and sugars are the principal articles im ported ; and that silks, teas, mushrooms, isinglass, sharks fins, wax, cuttlefish, dried. shrimps, sea weed, gall-nut, tobacco, sulphur, wheat, shellfish, camphor, beche-de-mer, and ginseng, are those of export. Of the two great exports, the tables show that 13,915 bales (of 106§lbs) of silk were sent to different destinations between the months of July, 1873, and May, 1874; and 12,436,613 lbs of tea were also exported-New York taking over 8,000,000 lbs, and San Francisco more than 3,000,000 lbs. Such aro the chief items of in terest gathered from the perusal of one num." ber of au English paper, published in Japan. And when it is recollected that only a few short years since that country was a sealed book to all tho rest of the world, our readers will agree with us in thinking that the chango which has been brought about and tho progress made are not by any means the least wonders that have been achieved in this wonder achieving age. 