MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 19tli January, 1874. Tho Avwr patria: which so markodly cha racterises the Anglo-Saxon race, is not the least admirable trait of our humanity. Though tlie Australian colonies have furnished happy homes and wcll-fiiniishcd hirdcrs to maiiy who' have emigrated hither from the hard times of tho old country, sand though wo have a fine, serene, and healthy atmosphcro here, instead of tho damp and foggy air of the land wo 'Still call 'home,' yot we have a hankering aftor tho scenes of our earlier years, and wo' love 10 cpniraso iue pusii wun ine present, and wish for tho days of yore. Tliero are niaify of us who . are like ^pooi' .Paddy in America, who, when he was -'asked a dollar for a bushel of 'praties' lio wanted to Buy, oxclaimed, ' Why, by tlio powers, it's chating mo ye would bo after, an sure an I coiil.il buy . them for fourpenco in tlio -old country, yo spalpocn.' ' Why, then, but you staid in tlio 'ould country,'.' said the merchant? '-Fnitli ; an so I would,' said I10 in reply, ' only I couldn't get the fourpence.' So anything from home has a glitter on it far brighter than all that tho Southern Hemisphere can furnish— from the shoes on your foot np to tho glorious All-England Eleven of such historic renown. If Mr, Grace had kept his team at home wo would havo laboured under, the pleasant delusion that they wore all giants in cricketing till the end of our live?, but, since he has brought tliojn to Australia wo feel so much ashamed of ourselves for being sq easily imposed on by the bettor feelings of tuir nature, that we cannot help making tlio confession,' Never were men so much over rated as they, and never wore Victorians, so much gulled as we havo been by these' champions of the bat, I verily believo that nine out of every ten persons in the colony will say that we havo been humbugged : some way or other. That tlio unconquered cric keters of England should bo so sliamofully beaten by a scratch stoam at Stawpll is bad enough, but that they should oi\ly riiakp 43 in one innings is, to say tho least of it, tho most shameful exhibition of play that history can furnish, I'll venture to say tl.i.at their next match in Melbourne will not attract a third of the spectators that their first one tlid. We have been taken in .and done- for by tl\eso gentlemen of England. ' ~K I have to record the death of Mrv W. J. T.. Clarke, or as he lias been familiarly termed* ' big Clarke,' a man who lias left his namo. 011 the pages of our history in 110 illegible characters. He had risen from the ranks, as it is called,- to the highest position in oitr-/' monetary circles.^ He yeas never remarkable for generosity to our public charities whilst he was alive, aud I '? trust* -tliat of the four millions he has left Behind him, he has not overlooked tlio claims h.is -suffering fellow creatures had on his purse; One lesson' our rising generation can learn from his history, viz., .that prudence, porsovorance, and sobriety will enable them to rise tp wealth, and ini-. portance. The Postmaster-General lias found, -out a way of retrouchment in the public service that will make liim remarkablo amongst tho Humes of past generations, Ho has saved the nation a day's Avages of the letter car riers in Ballarat, by very properly keeping that amount from those, over-paid officials for Christmas day. There was nondelivery that day, as it was a Sunday in the middle of tho week, and the lion, the PostmasteivGeneral ordered that the wages for that day should be kept in the Exchequer. I haven't heard yot whether- this retrenchment oxtended. to his own screw, and that of all tho recipients, of £300 per annum .'plunder.' The last important arrivals in your colony have Been three Communist prisoners fron^. New Caledonia, who smuggled themselves in a ship fr; in the land of their eonvictism to our hospitable shore. Poor devils they have breathed the air of freedom again. We havo. some reason to be proud of the fact that polk tical refugees can find a free land 011 British, soil. . There is likely tq be great difference of opinionin tlio choico of the next, successor to St. Peter i'i the See of Rome, as Ger many refuses to sanction. the. adoption.' of a eonclavG for Jus. election, without siicii, taking-* place in Monareo, Franco, or Malta, or the adoption of any other course.than the regular one' :in the election. . The poor, . old-- Pope must foresee breakers ahead of. hi's^ old ship, when he ceases to be. pilot and chief officer.. The EvangelicaljAlliance have also resolved to hold their, next meeting in' Rome, and if that does not lqok like bearding, tho lion in ; his own den, I am much, mistaken^ What' be-, twecn the loss of ,his, temporal power,, the shaking amongst the .dry bones , of Protest-, antism, and the threatening aspect of matters ? pending his giving up the reins of Govern ment, there must be a considerable amount of perturbation at head quarters in tlio Vati can, Dr. Vtiughan's ratiocinations and threats notwithstanding. Roman Catholicism is more prosperous anywhere than in ' Rome, Who ever lives to sec the next Pope will sec great ecclesiastical and political changes. Count, de Chambqrd put liis foot in it when he pub-, lished tl^t foolish and rampant letter, ' He. was the last card tlio Pope had to play for the . restoration of a monarchy in France, that, would have restored the kingdom wrested by Italy from the Popedom; ' A poor boy was sent tho' other day. to., the.. Melbourne Hospital from Williamstown* in jured by a fall, but on Dr. Taylor- examining him, lie was pronounced all right anid so.und;. as a bell. The gentleman who, brought him said he was badly hurt, and refused to tako, him away, whereupon the doctor, told him in. emphatic language that ho would compel him, tq do so, and hinted at not boiiig imppsed. 011, by any one. The boy was allowed to remain, over-night after a good deal of barneying^ and then lie died. The worthy doctor coul(\ - not discover a fatal injury to vtlio pelvis, which the poor boy had suft'ere'd, All lios-. pital surgeons cannot be expected, .to know everything, but surely he's a poor butcher of1 liiimanity that dpes not know, where tho; pelvis is, and. whether it is whole 6r damaged^ No doubt tho poor lad was injured, beyond human aid to heal him, but wh£\t about tho, doctor's skill. Darling Harbour is not a very , pleasant; place to bathe in, especially when spme of tho , denizens -of the deep are out 011 a ? foraging, expedition. A shark saw a sailor swimming in his element tlio other day, and took a fancy to one of the calves of his legs, and almost bit it off, and would have finished the whole carcasc if a brotb.qr had not thrown a rope's end to him ill time to save his bacon. Jack wont dive in such Briny deep again' when any . of these freo hooters are about. It is amusing to hear the candidates for Parliamentary honors pressing upon thp con stituencies they are wooing, a combination of diseases under which fliey havo been labour ing ior so long a time witnout men Doing awaro ' of the fact. They further proclaim that they have a recipo in then- possession which will cure, all the ills that flesh is lieir to, and as many, ..more as don't como by ' heirship.': We liavc now leagues forming, and the Sound of battle has mado a consider able numbey of our patriots stand auris crectis, aud grasp thoir weapons eager for the fray. . Our forthcoming elections will decide more important questions than have over been placed before the country, at the samo time, Amongst these will be thp pry free-, triido or protection. ' ' , , Your active and enterprising merchants in Sydney have once again made us rcficot. that our fiscal policy would be the better of being revised, and coining as this subject docs} ttf/ tlio moment when tlio getibral clcction takes place, I liavc 110 doubt biit it have an important cffect in determining tlio issue of our future policy. j I had1 well nigh forgotten to say that New , South 'Wales lias gained a victory over Vic toria oil the field — 110, in tlio court of hand ; ball, at which, 110 doubt Jtlicre would be great ' rejoicing. Two champions from Sydney came Melbourne to uphold (the honor of their colony in- that most important matter, and 1 they iiavo succeeded by just tho slcin of their teeth in. effecting thou- important mission. What effect this will have 011 the Border ' Customs I am not politician enough to say, but I do not question &r; a moment the fact that tlie fate of the Miilistry in the Eossi case will not be sensibly affccted thereby. John Bright is always finding out some bright tiling for his cojmtry, and amongst the ; last things' he has! discovered is that land can bo transferred so muoh more cheaply in Aus tralia than the old country, and lie doesn't see-why this should bk so. Thus it will be seen that we have goj ahead of our fathers ,jn the way of land lay. reform. Mr. Gladstone promises a bill for reform ing lawyers and thcis costs, as soon as he has ?educated thelrish borough of Atlilone as to their duty in returning him as their repre sentative to Parliament. Well, I must ' say that he has. dirty wql'k beforo him. I don't know which of tlie two things- .will be. the ' ' easier one — educating Atlilone, or reforming the lawyers of old Bailey. Mr. Tucker, of Jsmythesdale', is on very intimate terms witi' ghosts, andean raise one ! every plaeolie goer,-— the Witch of Endor being only ' small potatoes ' to liim. He lms been coquetting with tie spirits of the mighty deep . ? sit Tarnagulla, D^ylesford, and Smythesdale, and tliey came /at his call. He would bo useful to the Clnef Secretary just now if he (could'bring up uobdeii to educate the con stituencies in free trade doctrines before the day of clcction comes oil. Things beginJto wear a very solemn aspect for the ' Claimint' at present. ' Dr. Kene ?ally has made ((grand up-hill fight for him, hut his witnesses are getting fearfuliy ?bowled, out. IF he's convicted, there's some talk of transporting him to Wagga ; but 'there's too mujli waggery in that thought. His defence is, closed, and counsel have now 4o address the jury, and in . the course of a couple of months we mav look for the verdict. / , DAVUS. 