THE BATHURST ASSAULT CASE, The' following seems to be the provocation for the assault which was committed on Mr. Rae by Mr. Alderman Mutton last week. The paragraph is taken from Mr. Rae's paper, the Western Inde pendent, and Alderman Mutton's first offence consisted in questioning Mr. Rae's stationery aooouot against the council :?— What a s plendii arithmetician Alderman Mutton must be. What an admirable statisti cian he would make. At the council meeting on Wednesday be was seen to firlget in his seat, a grim smile ot satisfaction stole almost imper ceptibly over his handsome face, he pulled up his enow.-.white collar to its utmost limit, his hand plunged into the almost bottom less breast pocket of his coat^ and, in a moment, Mutton was to his ears in a weighty calculation. Every eye now rested on th-- classical ph:z of the chandler, and all present seemed, instinctively, to expect ^o&iething; tremendous from this usually .onpetuous alderman. He knew that he had. their attention ri vetted, he felt the strength of iis position, he hastily gained his feet, and, laying given a few preparatory coughs, deman ded, in a voice of thunder, to have it explained iiow it was that the stationery4account from the Edinburgh Book Depot was always ao much more thau that of any other hou?e. In reply to thiB a list of accounts was produced which ' Bhowed that ihe account for stationer? from the Edinburgh Book Depot waa less than one third of so much as that Tfc, ln ,by Mr- Jones- In a moment the look of wonder and suspense depicted on the faces of the gentlemen seated round the table changed to one of eoorn and contemn* Mutton looked sick, hiB legs trembled tha perspiration dripped from the point of his noee; we pitied him. He stood alone—the observed of all observers ; but he took eood care not to stand long— he seemed to vanish like a ghost. We wouldn't trust this man with onr accounts, neither would we care to see him on the finance committee of the council ? indeed we think he ought to go to school again The Free Pnss commonting on this ocour rence, says .-—The neighbourhood of th« Edinburgh Book Depfifc and the .Eoval Hotel was for a short time one day last week the scene of considerable excitement, something like a pugilistic euoouuter being the oause It aDoears that in th« f«AmM,A«* «* ?.!._,. . Mr. Rae had made (or sanctioned) one of hia characteristic attacks upon Alderman ? John Mutton, having ridiculed that gentleman's per sonal appearance by making some coarse allusion to the disfigurement of his face, caused by an accident when a boy. Mr. Mutton having read the paragraph, proceeded to Mr. Bae's depOt, and, in oommon parlance, ?? walked into' the proprietor, punching him from his own window into the verandah of the Royal Hotel Lhe cmbatauts were there separated and a constable having ar.ived on the ground during the latter part of the fray, Mr. Rae gave Mr Mutton in charge, and he proceeded to ihe lookup, but was released almost immediate y to appear at the courthouse. We may mention that the fine which Mr. Mutton was adjudged to pay (£5) had been made up by sums subscribed by the public ; and the gentleman who reoeived the contributions found that the pnblio were so anxious to show their sympathy that he had to limit the amounts offered by each to small sums. 