VOTE FOl ST'PHEN. . To lhe Editor of the Telegraph. Sir,-I think I am as good a freetrader as any of those gentlemen who have deserted Mr. Stephen indl ranged themselves under the banner of that aspiring but somewhat flippa'rct yjung gentleman-Mr.: Hartley Williams. If freetrade versus protection was a question now legitimately before the electors, I might feel constrained to give him a vote, unless Mr. Stephen spoke out more decidedly in favour of my views. But it is not. That question has been. fought out and settled ; and the time for reviewing it has not yet come. .1 am always willing.to fight for a principle so long as there is the ghost of a chance of carryicg it; but I do object most strongly to running my head against a brick wall, with the Utopian idea of forcing my way through thie hard obstruc tion.. .rrctone on tbe ground, will ilands Iji; 'eet tied, and a revolver presented at my lend, I consider resistance useless. '1 hat is he present condition of the freetraderls in this colony. They have not the slightest chance of re-establishing their doctrine lit the pre sent time-and therefore to strugole andt ighlt for it is sinplh a useless waste of energy. Their policy, i'frhey could buat se it, is to calmly bide their time. The tide which lis engulphed them is already on the ebb, but frantic attempts to hurry its subsi' dence vill have no effect, unless it be to postpone that which they desire to hantei. Therefore, I think Mr. Stephen- acts wisely in refusing to be a party to iny dtich Quixo tic effort., When the proper time arrives that will instify an attemot to reversi'our present suicidal fiEcal policy I' am sure tist gentleman will not be backwvard in pffiing his suppoit. So 1 would urgeh my:brother electors not to discard him becauseh lie:wisely reluses to burn down the libh~ose o-;rcist tlhe pig. Bot there is a moroe l mpoirtantpoin?t still on which I ask theim t igive himlna vote. I bhe is not retaurlned;on who j4 iill dtevolve the carrying out of the Educhtiio Ait? I look upon that mesuyse?.: (6f' infinitliy more importance, just no~w, thn' fi'te-t?tirale. And I amn convinoed there is ni . ciipabla of placin c it oitn secam asn b ficialfooting as the psentiner cation. To do tblm;sI ilie; tt' hii contiiiied in office ls i ss cortainly give i my brocher eku the electors ofSt. Kilda, then, at this contest ignore the' 1fretciaed''cry-?ai6crib& on their iLinner, "Stephen -and tie-3dditfi6i Act !?" Ritl lundei it l;iiircl :to the viotorywihich I predict will awiir themon' Wednesday, if they refuse to be thrown off the scent by the freetrade red- heriing trailed sob perseveringly across the track.-Yours, &ci;, O.P.Q. 