THE WISt>OM OE THE A S EE, PENT. [New York Times. J I Persons conversant witn tne procession or na* fcural phenomena have confidently predicted a reappearance this season of the sea-serpent. Of all the obliging monsters who, from time to time, appear to cater to the general appetite for the marvellous, the sea-serpent ha3 achieved decidedly the mostenduringpopularityandfame. And this he has earned by a surprising self resrramt in the way of exhibition, which dis tinguishes him honorably from ail his associates, and, indeed, fr m almost all aroists who seek in a similar way to entertain the public, His ap pearances have been few, but correspondingly stiiking since tho good Captain Laurent de Ferry, sailing from Trundkin te Bergen in the month of May, 1746, first dis covered him basking peacefully on the waves. He had then " a horse's head, which rose two feet over the surface, and was of a grey color." He had "a dark brown mouth, black eye?, and apparently a long mane floating over the neck." Beyond this, at a considereble distance, could be seen "seven or eight coils, each of enormous size." Altogether a very satisfactory and attractive monster, and it is difficult to understand how the cap tain could have had the heart to fire upon it. Fire ho did, however, regardless of the interests of posterity, and the nineteenth century had a narrow chance of losing its most agreeable marvel. Fortunately the aim was unsteady. The animal plunged, "evidently wounded," and did not reappear, and the honest mariners, much marvelling, returned to puzzle the good people of Bergen with their story. Probably it was his experience of man's per fidy that kept our sea-serpent so long in retire ment, and led him, when finally, in 1808, he did emerge, to present himself in much more terrifying fashion. Mr. McLean, in June of that year, was sailing about the coast of Coll, when he discovered an extraordinary creature, of enormous Bize—70 or 80 feet loDg—moving toward him "by progressive undnlations up and down." Not unnaturally, Mr. McLean and his men Were thoroughly frightened, and fled with promptness. Tli9 monster pursued chem leisurely to the shore, " frightened the crews of 13 fishing boats," and returned slowly and majestically to its native deep. For some time past nothing has been heard of him, and the apprehensions of his admirers were excited lest he should have died of old age, or taken a final leave of public life. These fears were dissipated by his recent triumphal appearance in three different parts of the world almost simultaneously. On October 21, Captain Oharlesworth saw him in a cave near San Diego, California. He was then " about 30 feet long, with three sets of fins, a tail like an eel's, and a head like an alli gator's. The fins were " shaped like those of a sea-lion, each between three and four feet in length." This was the harrowing tale which the captain unfolded to his friends, when, having come to his assistance, they arrived in time to see "the marks in the mud left by the monster's form," and to fire their guns vaguely at that vanishing form, flirting back to them a malioious and serpentine fare well. It will be observed that Captain Charles worth's sea serpent differs in some respects from Captain Laurent de Ferry's. His versatility of expression, indeed, is one of our monster's greatest charms. Still more artistic was his "get-up" when he disclosed himself, in a brief interview, to Mr. Joass, of Golspie, in England, who, in a rather roundabout way, through the medium of several other gentlemen, has got his story into the London Times. Him that simple aud guileless sea-serpent of San Diego—laughing, no doubt, in his fin as he did it—has had the art to make believe that he is a " saurian, allied to the plesiosaurus, and feed ing with teeth of the oolitic type on terebratula and trezonieir, also oolitic molluscs." His "large ears, similar to a horse's," however, re veal his identity with Captain de Ferry's friend; and his appearance on October 21, in Sellhaven Bay, with a hundred feet or so of coils and undulations, at once confirms the sup position, and show its possession, together with amazing versatility, of a most incredible rate of The history of the sea-serpent is instructive, and furnishes an admirable lesson to giddy and weak-minded monsters, which sacrifice popu larity to the temporary gratification of variety and hunger of applause. That the sea- serpent is still so universally admired and sought after is due to his avoiding the snares that have betrayed so many of his weaker brethren. The oare with which he has timed his appearances, and the high-bred reserve of his demeanor, have kept up the interest and curiosity of the public. Wiser than some of his rivals, he has never cheapened himself by tiresome iteration, or earned contempt by permitting familiarity. Many other monsters, with as many natural advantages, have been ruined by their obtrusiveness, or still more fatal error, by allowing themselves to be found out. The brief wonder of the wild man, for example, speedily resolves itself into the com monplace reality of the- escaped lunatic. The notorious Western ghost, with his stale tricks of stono-throwing and plate smashing, has be come more tedious than the familiar war-whoop of a certain semi-intellectual and bog-trotting contemporary. After an acquaintance with the Fiji impostor, wno will care again for the most bewitching and tuneful of mermaids ? Let monsters who essay hereafter to amuse the public borrow some of the wisdom of the sea serpent, and practice the virtues of modesty and self-restraint. So will they long remain as dear to the hearts of their admirers as the sea-serpent is to the artless and convivial The Friend of India reports that the Madras surgeon in medical charge of the penal settlement at Port Blair believes he has made a valuable discovery in the cure of leprosy. He is of opinion that leprosy can be cured by the oil of the gurjun tree. Every lepsr in the settlement is, it is stated, being cured fast of this loathsome disease. In no case had there been the slightest doubt but that the disease had been arrested at every stage. A tender has been accepted for the reclamation of 40 acres of the harbor fronting Government House at "Wellington. It is esti mated that the work will occupy two years and a half, with 100 hands employed, and that the commercial value of the land when completed, will be £4,000 per "acre. The general Govern ment contribute one-fifth of the contract price, which is £56,000, so as to entitle them to land for a railway station and other purposes, Another State Trial in France. — It seems that the trial of Marshal Bazaine is not to be the laBt process connected with the un solved mysteries of the miscarriage of despatches between that commander and Marshal Mac Mahon. The President of the Republic, as we learn from Paris, has given his consent to the trial of Colonel Stoffel on the serious charge of having unlawfully destroyed certain despatches entrusted to him in the course of the campaign —a crime which, if proved, and without ex tenuating circumstances, would render the ex military attache of Napoleon III. liable to imprisonment for liie in a fortress. The court martial will consist of two generals of brigade and two colonels, presided over by a general of division. It is to be hoped that these will be impartially selected, for the Bazaine trial plainly showed how high party feeling runs on this subject among French officers; and in a case of such hard swearing on both sides as that on which this tribunal will have to decide, almost anything might be proved, satisfactorily to those who had their opinions ready made beforehapd. The delay in this affair is probably due to the fact that Colonel Stoffel is at present undergoing three months'imprisonment for the Btrong language he used about the Government prosecutor in the trial at the Trianon, and refused to withdraw at the instance of the Duo d'Aumale, although warned that his contumacy would r>e treated as a military offenoe, -Pall Juall Gatette, 