RELIGIOUS REVIVAL. I Training was convened last evening, in the Pitt-street Con presented mil Church. a public meeting in accordance with" the following announcement in this Prose :-" Considerable authors >.{ having In an awakened by the good tidings which have been received, during the last few weeks, of very remarkable revivals of religion in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Ncwragtle- on-'l'yne, and other places, several ministers of different denominations, after having met several time s for player and conference, have thought it advisable to hold a public meeting for the purpose of of imparting information and of earnestly supplicating the God of all grace for a re i val of religion in this fund." The advertisement closed with a cordial invitation to be present to all ministers who were favourably inclined towards the objects the meeting. There were present the Rev. Adam Thomson (Principal of St. Andrew's College), in the chair the Rev. John Graham (pastor of the Pitt-street Church), the Rev. J. 11.1« Butcher (chairman of the Was Tryon Goufi-ii'iico) the Rev. Mr. Greenwood, Rev. J. P. Sunderland, Rev. Dr. While,lîov. J. A. Howie, Rev. Allan Wibberley. J. C. Kirby, Xiof. T. Johnson, Rev. G. G. Howden, Rev. Mr. Pidgeon, and Rev. Mr. Hurst There Were other ministers in the body of the church. The audit race was a crowded one. The process dinga were commenced with the singing of the 434th by men of the Congregational hymnal, which begins: " Spirit of power and might, be hold A world by tin destroyed. Orator Spirit ! as of oUi i Move on the former's void." The CHAIRMAN then read the 43rd chapter of Isaiah, f rout the third verse to the end, and the 44th chapter, from the beginning to the close of the 6th verse. In the first portion of Scripture God reproves the people of Israel for their lukewarmness in his service and in the second He comforts the Church with his premises. When he had read the portion of Scripture referred to, he called upon The Rev. Mr. HURST, who engaged in prayer for God to give to the meeting, the inhabitants of this city, and the vi topic of the colony, a richer and more abundant outpouring of His Holy Spirit. He thanked God for the blessed tidings that had reached them from the old country of the important revival which had been begun in Scotland, and prayed that it might reach into every city, every town, every village, every family, and every heart. He prayed God to pour out His spirit upon England, upon With s, and that it might be' poured out upon Ireland FOR that the light of truth, religion, and virtue might spread throughout that land. The CHAIRMAN said The public advertisement calling this meeting bullietintlj explains its origin and objects The intelligence which has you ently been received of remark able religious awakening in different parts of England and Scotland have thrilled the hearts of not a few through out the various churches, and have evinced a desire that opportunity should be given for their meeting together chairs being invited to meet with them the it they may mention common thanksgiving to the God of all grace for what he has wrought in many of the towns and cities of our father land and that they may offer up common Supply motion for the outpourings of the Holy spirit among our selves that the formality and deadness which too sadly prevail when the Churches among, us may be broken in upon by deep searchings of he at issuing in new religious life and seal ond power-in new Christi in consistency and carneSftntkB and holy activity and that the ungodliness and worldliness, and the manifold forms of infidelity una wickedness, which abound beyond the Church, line be startled and lurgJy c vorborno-IIB those over have been before the rising spring tide of a revived Christianity May the present meeting by itself the beginning of good things with us the Lord fulfilling his word ' Prove me nowlcriwith with the Lord of Hosts, "if will not open for you the windows of heaven, and pour out a buys mg till there lone room to receive the 45th hj run, "Come Holy Spirit, Come,' having been sung, The Rev Mr GRAHAM said that a number of ministers of religion of nearly all denominations had been meeting together for some weeks, on the Mond ty mornings, to make intercessory pray or and supplication to God for the royal ii of His work in their various churches 'they had been stimulated to a certain extent by the good news they had received from their fatherland of the very remarkable rich Cious manifestations that were taking place at the present time, and which they devoutedly believed was the work of God After much prayer and deliberation it was thought by the ministers of this city that they ought to call their people together here, and ask them to sympathise with the great movement, and unite in pray or and suppli- cation for the outpouring of a similar blessing upon Sydney and upon New South Wales, and upon the several colonies around As he (Mr Graham) he] posed to be somewhat conversant with the news from home in rotation to the revival, his brethren asked him to give at this meeting some information concerning it. Of course, this implied that he should read a good deal to them and they had said to him that he might take hill in hour or three quarters, as it was very important that they should have clear ideas of what was common in the mother country, and be shown that the hand of God WAR in the work. He thought at first of writing a paper on the nature, the agents, the instruments and the results of the great work of God in England and Scotland but then he thought he could do the same thing with much less trouble to himself, and much more benefit to them, and would first simply read the evidence of eye- witnesses who had forced and taken part in the work-who were men of such high chat notes that their very n miles would hear weight throughout the whole of the Church of God, to the extreme limits of Christendom, they would permit him to say that he did not look upon this meeting as a revival meeting, in the sense of being directly in the conversion of souls to God, though their hearts rejoiced in the hope that it would prove to be so The principal object of this meeting was to give information to the Church, not so much by a combined movement, although they believed that would grow out of it, as to stimulate them to persevere with the work of Christ in a more behaving, earnest, and loving spirit, more directly expecting the present power of the Holy Ghost to work in connection with the West for the conversion of souls He had read a great deal in connection with this great movement in Scotland and England, and since the announcement of this meeting had been published, and it was kn i s n that he was to speak about the religious revival in the mother country, a perfect shower of periodicals and newspapers were brought to him so large that it would take him a long time to read them himself, and too much of the meeting H time to read them to it Before he read the testimony of eye witnesses of this revival, he desired to state that he as firmly believed that the great movement the by described was the result of the present power of the Holy Ghost in the Church as he believed the conversions of Pentecost to have been the result of that spirit s operations This was his firm belief and his anxious desire to night would he to bring a similar conviction to them, and to lead them and all to united prayer with the hope that they might obtain the blessing, and that their country might be watered, refreshed, and made spiritually free The veteran and pendent, in describing the characteristics of the revival, slid - The last months papers from Great Britain continue to to give accounts of the revival of religion there Amongst its prominent features may be noted the following -1 The number of icspectcdandintelLgent ministers and laymen who have been workers in it 2 Its principal seat (Edinburgh), place sales during the previous Scotch revivals of the present century has we believe been almost units ted 3 The quiet, though solemn character of the services 1 Ino measure in which the day word-it we may be perm ted to inl armon ous a phrase has contributed to their Fuetea-- 5 the depth and intensity of the movement unparalleled be in said, since he evangelist revival with which the names of W Hatfield and W cslev are associated of The fact that all classes of stock, and all kinds of minds have been reached , most successful meetings having been held alike amongst working men, students, and the, most intelligent of Edinburgh's late y, and numbers of murders having been re- claimed The union of t it various bodies of Christians in the work, and the sympathy and co-operation of many who have not participated in any previous revival S rho religious interest which appears to have remained after the close of the evangelists labours Such signs as these lead us to hope that this revival in a nmrlodscnr-ethe vrcirkoKjod, while vveareciicouroriod to pr4) first God, who has favoured this some; land with so many bles Ines may crown nil His gifts by the bestowal of a deep, general, and permanent icy to al of true religion amongst us The first extract he would lend was from the periodical called the "Congregationalist, edited by the Rev. Mr Dale, of BirminL.hiiiii, the worthy and powerful successor of the great preacher and Evangelist, the Rev, John Angell James An eye witness of the revival in New castle on Fine gave the following description in the " Congregationalist of the manner in which it had been conducted in the northern end) - 1 The Mid day Meeting -This is for pray cr, and is the " hub of the whole movement the centre of power It continues to this day, but we will describe it as it was, with Mr Moody present though it is essentially still the same He is presiding in a f sharp business long he announces the number and first line of a hymn out of Phi In book Mr Stanley len Is Every head is then bent in silent prayer The leader come out requests for prayer, perhaps forty or lady like this I he prayers of God's people are a nest y asked by a widowed mother for her son's salvation he is at the point of death for two brothers wandering from God in America " For a minister in great pomp city, us to the line of his duty " ' For the vr ark of God began last night in such and such a part of the top of a Intelligence by telegraph that there is a revival religion in the city of Vi worcester, those present are requested to pray that it may deepen and extend ' All these are real cases, and there are hundreds like them This part of the meeting is very solemn and affecting bone one is then called on to give audible expression, to the praying spin of the a« sembly Another Even, a brief passage of Scripture, and three] rumuUV exposition, and the meeting is open Any one can then report exhort, or pray To quote Mr Bktiry "Everything necessarily has to be done sharply and One fly, no long travers, no sermons, but something short an To the point So iutcnBClv interesting have these meetings become, what colony or fifty ve he started them now see themselves surrounded daily by five or six hundred persons Often too alter these meetings will be found several who have stayed behind (or red gious conversation, and numbers go away rejoicing in having found Christ at the mid-day meeting The second meeting of the day may be a merchant's meeting We say may be because this was only very oec-lonal-indee 1 there were only three sold in Newcastle during Mr Moody s FISH The writer was present at one the aim was to preach the Gospel to the higher middle States This meeting was not unlike an ordinary religious service says that there was a studied adaptation all the way through of means to ends A hymn out of Phillips' book an earnest prayer for the blessing wanted there and then, a solo from Mr. 8-key with a deep pathos in it, that went over the great human field, like a ploughshare, laying bare and open every sensibility to the next impression ' This song was so affecting that nearly every one was in tears and legitimately so Then come BIr Moody with seed for the open furrows on the teat, "There is no difference opening out (1) man's depravity without any event ' difference." (2) God's way of salvation, 2) Earnest appeal, based on the unutterable and unthinkable love J M Ood, U UlostraUon of that matchless love could never be for gotten. He ceased, and Mr. Hankey clenched the laundresses and the solo " Come home I onoto home! You are weary at heart,. " , i . For the way has been clerk ' l , And so lonely and wild. , * -. O ) prodigal child I ' Come home I oh, come home I" A prayer or two, and another snored ton); perhaps, and the Ft) High meeting in the Assembly Rooms was OF er, never by sume 0 be forgotten, as we trust to all eternity. 8\. The Kvintng Me-otlng.-Details tempt us, but we forbear. In thee bride In some central church, with rooms convenient for the after routing, (treat MSSISUUICO was given by the ministers of the town. The uililicK'cs by the w ill-trained and thoroughly educated ministers were often masterly exhibitions of the alphabet of Christian truth the skilled eye could see the back streets grand theology through all the passion of appeal-as different as light from dark-llto-ally-from the flimsy, lurid i revival addresses one has heard. Towards the close, opportunity was given to any to withdraw, Hundreds stayed to a second meeting. This was something of mowed by a third. (Ira tut ly too deeply impressed and anxious were left these, drafted into the lecture-rooms and vest its ninth church, were conversed with by many ministers and friends, scores being led each night direct to Christ, in all His Inter part of the whole of the evening services Mr. Moody would be engaged will gre vt dis- crimination in giving out mill speaking with the anxious. Aiiectirel was kept at each church where the services were hold of the name, dances, and church of the person spoken with, to which was appi tided n note as to their state of mind. Information was immediately sent to the respective ministers, so that such cases came at once under pastoral care, and the consequence was large additions to the churches. These additions, to the majority of cases, were of persons of considerable Christian intelligence, who needed only decision to bring them within the Kingdom of God, "near" to which they had been long lingering. Add to these meetings a young converts' meeting; two or three for operatives and their wives in the Tyan Theatre, to which admission was by tickets given out in the factories meetings In the neighbouring town' and villages, for the fire spread rapidly ; a great Christian convention held on November 15, at which an immense concourse of Clu strain men gathered from the northeast of England to discuss for seven hours the work of God; prevail ings of twenty minutes during the dinner-hour in some of the victories; Bible Classes In shots, at breakfast-time; In the churches revived services, larger congregations, multiplication of special meetings, the invention of new agencies, a marked increase of membership, wintering work facilitate and our readers will have some idea of the power, breadth, and, as we hope and believe. permanent effect of the Lord's work here. As it happened, the Jubilee singers were in this neighbourhood for the last fortnight of Messrs. Moody and Sankey's sojourn, and their exquisite rendering of their inimitable sacred pieces, sung with the religious passion which is one at their characteristics, told with great effect on the thousands who heard them, giving an impetus to the still gathering tidal wave of the great revival. Such was the work which was going on in Newcastle, and wcirpjoiced to think, that that work still goes on. He might give similar accounts of the work of revival in Crirlislo, but he should refrain from doing so and direct their attention for a short time to Edinburgh, where the work of revival had been commenced and he thought he could not do better than read for them a letter written by a great and good namesake of the chairman's, one of the most respected and dev ted of Edinburgh's gifted ministers, the Rev. Andrew Thomson, of -rbughton-placo church, Edinburgh. Although some of them victims have read, this letter it would so commend itself to them, that he did not doubt but they would be glad to follow him through it sentence by sentence, The Rev Mr. Thomson wrote to the Edinburgh Daily Review as follows: fair, Alter the labours of Messrs. Moody and Sankey In" Broiighlon-plreoc Church for a week, I am sure you will give me some space in your paper for the statement of a few facts and impressions. I should consider it a very superfluous work to say anything of the trustworthiness of these excellent men. They have come" amongst us not as unknown adventurers without " letters of commendation," but as long-tried and honoured labourers in the field of evangelism in their own country, and more recently In Ney could and other towns in the north of England, where there appears to have been a Pentecostal blessing,- in which every denomination of Christians has shared. And the ministers, and elders, and deacons of our different churches that have gathered , around them every evening, and shared with them in their blessed work, pro- re the confidence in which they are held by those in whom the Christian people of Edinburgh are- accustomed to place confluence. The service of Ming conducted by Mr. Sankey, in which music is used as the handmaid of a gospel ministry, has already been described in your columns. I have never found it objected to except by those who have not witnessed it. Those who have come and heard have departed with their prejudices vanquished and their hearts imp seed. We might quarts in commendation of this' somewhat novel manner of preaching the gospel, the words of good George Herbert: i . .' A verse may win him who the gospel flies, I And line delight into a sacrifice." There is nothing of novelty in the doctrine which Mr. Moody proclaims. It is the old gospel-old, yet always fresh and young trees the living fountain or the morning sun-lit which the substitution of Christ is placed in the centre and presented with admirable distinctness and decision. I wish once more to call attention to one essential feature in the notion of these good men-the daily noon-day morning for prayer, li began some weeks ago in an upper room to Queen-street Hotel. That was filled after a few days. Next It was transfer-. ed to Queen-street Hall, which is capable of holding liOUparsons. It was norong ore this became overcrowded, and now there are full meetings every day in the Free' Assembly Hall, which is capable of holding some hundreds more. It is a fact with meaning In It, that simultaneously with the increase in the noon-day meeting for prayer has been the increase In abundance in Brougham-place Church at the evening addresses, and also in the number of inquirers afterwards. I was much struck by the variety among the Inquirers. There were present from the old man of seventy-five to the youth of eleven, soldiers from the Castle, students from the University, the backsliding, the intemperate, the sceptical, the rich and the poor, the educated and the uneducated; and in how many instances were, the wounded healed and the burden released ! It may be encouraging to Christian pure sound teachers to be told that very much of this man voices messrs;, when once begun In a j house, has spread through the whole family, and tho- who already had the knowledge of divine truth in their minds by any Christian education formed by far the larger proportion of the converts. The seed was there sleeping in the soil, which the Influence from above quickened into life. There was H considerable number of critics among the inquirers, but their speculative doubts and di faculties very soon became of no, account when they came to have a proper view of theorising. . Some have already came to tell me of Weir romantic tion £1 unbciicl.niitl their discipleship to Christ. One has publicly announced that he can no longer live in the ice-house of cold negations, and has asked Mr. Moody to publish the address which brought light to his heart and to circulate it far and wide over, the land. ' ' I witnessed no excelled in the Inquiry rooms, but there was often deep and inciting tolerantly, sometimes the son of sorrow, and the whispered prayer of contrition or gratitude. There must, however, occur at times imprudent things and expenses In connection ii Hi even the best works that have Imperient though goodness employed about then. But cold criticism that is in a cat eh el faults,- or uitra-prudcncc that attempts nothing from fear at making mistakes, is not the temper in which to regard south by ents. ' I would not dare to take either of these positions, " Ustlhnply I should be found to be fighting against God." He would not go on to read very much more. He had intended to read to that congregation a letter of Dr. Horatius Bonar name associated with all that was pure, evangelical, and lovely in the practice of Christianity. He would read apparent that letter. The writer commenced by saying Sir You may wish to have my impressions of what is now passing in our city and stirring our community so deeply. I give on these in as short a space as possible ; asking you, at the same time, not to trust to my judgment, ' but to come and form your own opinion, with all calmness, of that which from first to last professes to be a work of God, not of man ; yet. at the same time, awoikvvhich, wrought by human Instruments,mayoontaln in it many of the imperfections of the imperfect agents. The homeliness of the earthen vessel does not prevent the pressure from being heavenly, nor make it impossible that the excellency of the power should be of God. It will not be denied that the thing which has so suddenly ap- pealed among us. and stirred the plaoldiiynt our literary city. Toolin many respects, very like what we have long desired and projector; so that the news of such A movement should not repel but attract us, as being, perhaps, the very thing which he have been longing for not the loss likely to be so because it brings no honour to ourselves, and owes nothing of its power to the enticing words oilman's wisdom in any form, whether of polish of logic, or philosophy. The movement carries' on its face an intensity of earnestness which leaves one in no doubt as to the slngle-licartcdncis of the workers. With I li as Christianity is not a creed merely, but a living energy which ought to carry everything before it. This much must be, said also outset in the way of disarming hostility, Let us not, however, look at the work from without, but from within. Let us throw ourselves into it, and then form our judgment. I think that in so doing right-thinking men will not merely) withdraw opposition, but feel constrained to sympathise and approve.. The evenlng crowds in the two Assembly Halls, the mire fashionable afternoon audiences in the city churches, the li viz thousand men that stood packed densely together in the Corn Kxohaj ge, the eager gatherings of young men, the two thousand that have for nearly a month crowded into the noon prayer meeting daily these are plain evidences that the movement is already a mighty fact, whatever may be its import or its philosophy. that the work must be done. It is too great and too important to be let alone. Confirmed-' as we are with the augmenting miss of human evil, we must fight It, or we must go down before it. If we do not deal with it, it will soon deal with us. And how can we' deal with it, save by a power from above, and by the use of a remedy which contains, in solution within it, the potency of a divine care. Let us not be too scrupulous as to the appearance of the west in which we administer the medicine, if we are satisfied that it is for the hearing of the world. At the same time, I must say that I have not seen or heard any impropriety or extravagance. I have heard sound doctrine, sober though sometimes fervent and tearful speech, the utterance of full hearts, yearning over the wretched, and beseeching men to be reconciled to God. That I should accord with every statement, and fall entirely In with every part of their proceedings, need not be expected. Yet I will say, that I have not witnessed anything sensational or repulsive. Um tag the Spiritus movements which took place in Scotland about thirty years ago, in most of which I had part, 1 saw more of what was extreme, both in statement and proceeding, than I have done of late. There was far more of excitement then than there is now. The former movements depended far more upon vehement appeals, and were carried along more by the sympathetic current of human feeling than the present. While the present movement began I feared test there should be a repetition of some of the scenes which I had witnessed in other days, and I did not hesitate to express my fear to brethren. My fears have not been realised, I have been as regular in my attendance at the meetings as r could, and though I will not say that there was nothing which I might not have wished different, yet I have been struck with the exceeding calmness at all times the absence of excitement-the peaceful solemnity pervading these immense gatherings of two or three thousand people, day by day the strange stillness that at times SO overawed us and I felt greatly relieved at the absence of those audible manifests Hone, of feelings common in former Usye. He passed over the remainder, although it was profoundly interesting, and he should not read any more, except to give one fact or two, before he sat down. He had marked an extract that deeply touched himself-he could not altogether pass it over, for it was the latest intelligence from England, kindly forwarded to him by his friend and deacon, AIr. Fairfax, who, he regretted, was unable to be present that evening. It was in the March papers that he found the following accounts :- .', The revival movement north of the Tweed continues fine cold, especially In Glasgow, where the crowded services, including several noon-day prayer meetings, continue. All classes of the community rich and poor, old and young, parents and children are affected by the movement, and the work now owns to go on with undiminished interest, whether the American revivalists take part in it or not, and most of the clergy of all denominations are unitedly and actively engaged in it. One of the meeting recently held has been that of fallen women in the Lesser Trades' Bill. Abevt IW were brevity t>r ladies and (gentlemen was had gone In creek throwing the streets, and having been prnvHcel ,wllh,ahot supper and lay, them were addressed by Dr. WitUaoo and others, and about twenty-five emigrated to enter various establishments with a view of regaining a portion of reports billy. At some of the meetings accounts are given of those gassed the revival. At one Mr. Moody said that the news of what was going on in Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Dundee, had stirred up other places, and special services were now being held in almost all the towns and villages of Scotland. A Liverpool minister reported that praycr-miTtlngshid illicitly commenced there another from Yorkshire and that in some places in Heit county There were united services and much !n<|iii<y. Lord Tol waits told of the interest trousered the worn in the country districts of the east, and clergyman from Edinburgh astil Hw , movement was deepening and widening in that city. On Satur \- day week there was an overflowing noon-day meeting In Welling ton street United Presbyterian Church specially devoted to children, both Mr. Moody and Mr. Hankey were present, and a series of suitable hymns were sung, led by the latter, the farmer giving a short address, and other ministers doing the same. Ni x'. day, Sunday, the City Hall was crowded I at nine a m. with young men, and an impressive service followed, and there was in the evening a meeting in Free St. David's Church of men converted during the Glasgow special services in the evening also the City Hall was crowded, many persons being unable to gain admit- I sion. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Dr. Wallace, Mr. Bent, and G. Keith. Mr. Sankt y was present, and along with a relief choir sang a number of hymns. On the same day the medal serviceS throughout Glasgow were numerous and the attendance large, several of them being devoted to individual clunes of the population. On Monday week the noon-day meeting was crowded to excess, many having to go away, being unable to find admission, it was calculated that no less than 1500 were present. The meeting was conducted in a similar manner to those held previously Mr. Moody presided, and made a few remarks; Mr. Sankey and the choir of ladies sang a selection of hymns. A lengthy list of special requests for prayer was read, and the meeting engaged in silent prayer. The Rev. Andrew Bonar read a portion of the book of Samuel, and made some appropriate remarks. The meeting was then declared open, and encouraging reports were given by several ministers and laymen relative to the work being carried on in Glasgow and in different towns and villages in the country, One speaker stated that the movement had erected a deep impression at the west end of the city. A number of gentlemen followed with accounts of the results of the move ment especially among young men and also domestic servants. AmoiiBM the meetings held in the evening was the first of a son of nightly prsycr-mic'.ings begun by the Independent Order of Good Templars which was held in the Grand Lodge Hall. It was explained that no object of the meetings was to offer prayer to God on behalf of temperance At Tuesday's meeting blict iff Campbell said he had left Edinburgh that morning, and was glad to be able to tell them that the work was going on AS satisfactorily as ever It had done. They had, however, entered on a new ph.veoftlie movement, instead of paying so much attention to the organisation of their own meetings, they were sending out men who had seen all that has been going on to tell it to the people in the towns and villages of Scotland. The special requests for prayer are prominent at all these meetings. The Tests of this work were very numerous. There was put into his hands that night an extract from a letter from their devoted, loving, noble brother in Christ, who had preached more than once in that pulpit the Rev. A. N. Mackray, now of Torquay, and he writes to his friend to the following effect t 'I send you a narrative of the in markable work of God at present going on in Scotland. We are receiving droppings of the same gracious showers. Lord i Bradstock, a very devoted Evangelist, spent a week with us lately, and we find meetings twice daily, largely attended, and with hopeful results. Iliad more anxious inquirers visiting me last week than during my whole previous ministry. I believe 1874 is to be a very remarkable, year of grace throughout the world, and I often remember the colonies at our. united prayer meetings." Thanks be to God anywhere it was well with their brother, he did not forget them. Did not they want a key to open and solve the problem of how scepticism was to be met Y God would put the key into the hands of his Church now. They were not to take this on the logical side, but on the multi' n' and spiritual side, and they were to take it from Heaven by earnest prayer. . Had they not been looking for some solution of the difficulty of how to reach the working class and others. God himself had solved the difficulty looking at the six hundred we working men coming up from the Grasrinnrkot Edinburgh, rushing into the branch, falling down upon their knees, and asking formeroy-bein,' led in prayer by the very men whom they had oncudespisoj. They had been looking for a solution of the difficulty son scored with ritualism the ingress of that dark side that would hear them back to the dark ngosnudto Judaism; and what was the solution? It was to be found in court gations baptized with the Holy Ghost, and worshipping in spirit and in truth. When they had the reality, then \- crucifixes, images. genuflexions^ priestly robes, and priestly . assumptions would move away Uko (ho drifting Woe-bergs of the north melting in the warm latitudes' of a moderate or torrid swine God himself was showing them what was his Churches' power power on their knees in prayer and the agent that was to go forth and gain the victory through the world was the Holy Ghost, which He sent down from the Kath- his help his churches to subdue the world. Should they not be) loyal to Christ and lay aside whatever would hinder his wore. In Scotland, the most logical and the most metaphysical of countries, they had been trying for hundreds of years to solve the üproblem of Church unity, andnowGol had solved tbe difficulty. Scotland was now coming to carry on the trusts of an inward spiritual life, and in the unity of the spirit, which is the bond of peace-loving Christians, and doing his work in the land. The congregation now united in singing the 817- hymn, " See how great a flame aspires." " The Rev. J. H. _M'.T-!EH said the facts which had been given to the meeting spoke for themselves, and he thought it was the wish of all the ministers who were present to-night that they should as much as possible leave the facts to speak for themselves. They were so striking, and were so singularly and well vindicated, and so clear Eucharistic of the working of God's Spirit, that they spoke more strongly to their consciences and more directly to their faith than any arguments which they could employ. He could not help "feeling, however, in listening to the remarkable! statements, that they all had much to learn in reference to this great work of the revival of religion, and of such a revival of religion as they wished to see and had good reason to hope to see in this intelligent, stirring, and, to so great an extent, unitedly- sceptical nineteenth century. He was quite sure there were very many here) to-night who felt how true wore the words of a vigorous Scottish writer that Christianity was a strong remedy for a strong disease. It was not a mild mixture of -ntl- oataliMii of which the loss we had the better, but it was a strong nioJicino for a strong disease ; it was a charge of cavalry upon the embattled squad-- of infantry, which must be conquered and scattered. Their hearts must bo"tmoouraged to-night to hope and pray that God in his own way, and by such instruments as he saw best,! would send them a revival of religion which would take hold of the misses, and take hold of the century as effectually as the great revival at Pentecost took hold of the first Christian century and all that followed it. There was no doubt that they had much to learn. That great wisdom and power to which they all devoutly Toweel would choose His own instruments, and employ such means as He suc- best.. In the metropolis and most of the Scottish cities, there were so many men remarkable not only for interior l and learning, but J or holiness of living and drop thankful- ness to God, jet God had been pleased to employ strangers as the first instruments of this great awakening of the masses; but in which, nevertheless, these wise and good men I had joined so heartily and had shown M> strikingly what good men they were by adopting the method which God in his wisdom had been pleased to adopt. He trusted that such was the feeling with the n They had much to learn, and God aright be pleased to make little use of many who might think that Gjd should use them , but God might be pleased to of fashion his own instruments, and to choose una circles instruments of whom previously they had not heard much He trusted however, they were prepared to stand aside, prepared to accept any position, and prepared, if access in, to stand still and see the solvltionof God's people He trusted they were prepared to co-operate in any was it with all the instruments that God was pleased to use, and they would have a revival which would answer all the Churches, and awaken all Australia God had sent them such an awakening, and he was quite sure that there were many present to night who thought they had no rest of it and that the rev A of which God sent, coming in what way it would, w may be an unmitigated blessing He was sure that what they wanted was a spirit of prayer He thought he could not do butter than relate an anecdote which perhaps come of those present had already hour It was not given to them by 1 innto in connection with the American revivals Hot Id them that in a certain village there was a blacksmith, a very good man, who Btimmeroj, and was quite unable to say as much as he wished to say for Christ On a certain afternoon, while engaged in his smithy, he felt his mind much depressed on account of the Church with which he was connected, and he was so disturbed that he was constrained to close his Smithy and spend the afternoon in prayer It was Friday and on the following Sunday he visited his minister and asked him to invite those who were concerned for the salvation of their souls to meet him that afternoon Why, said the minister, " I will do it, but I fear it will hoof very little) use But the minister was astonished to see the grave and crowded assemblage of persons concerned 1 for the ah ation of their souls and who all praised the beginning and conviction on that Friday afternoon when that good man, unable as he was to open his lips eloquently towards his fellow men, had opened them so eloquently to praise God and brought down such an answer as that The true revival of religion must spring up in prayer, and must be brought out by prayer There might be some present to night w he felt like the good blacksmith, that when they spoke to men, they Btnmmercd, but vi ho nevertheless could draw nigh to God with confidence Let everyone pray that the Lord would revive the work, and an answer would be given, and while they prayed let them remember that, whatever they might think they wanted, they could ask nothing more than God Himself had promised they would do well to go home from the service of that evening singing to themselves some of the words of the glorious hymn in which he had heard them John SO heartily - To bring fire on earth He came, Kindled in some it is Oh ! that all might catch the flame, And partake of glorious blues. The Rev. THOMAS JOHNSON then offered up prayer, and the congregation joined in singing the 376th Hymn! The Rev. J. GREENWOOD said they were called together that night to pray for a revival of religion. What had become- of religion ? Was it dead 't Had the sublime truths which were taught by Jesus of Nazareth become obsolete ? Had the world outgrown this holy revelation from Heaven, which professes to make known the whole duty of man r Had the cross of Jesus lost its attractive power I Had the Gospel ceased to be good news, and was Jesus, instead of the living Christ, a mere historical name r God had reserved to himself, over here, more than 7000 men whose hearts say " no " to every one of these questions as emphatically as over the Church at Jerusalem could have done in the days of the Apostles themselves. There never were to many Christians in the world is now. Christian morality MUS never higher than now, raid, public opinion was over so much influenced by the Bible and the Church of the living God as at this day as it not final but to that the prominence emir ivii nos of the nee were not so much about cm Is is what Christ himself the euc nuns of runs in sound - to have concurred in saying of him " This is the fair, come let us kill him, that the man at once eli ill doors" ""We will kill him So and Voltaire and his coadjutors, who enlisted in I blasphemous 1111 1 ago the they would "crush the wretch," but while they did millet 011 their country a mortal wound from which she has not yet recovered the munn of Jesus a is more honoured in the world to do] than ever it was sure His manifest than in the flesh 'The more the foe had determined to attack the citadel of our faith, and tour dunn our blood stained banner, The more bravely every true soldier of the cross would rally round the ni 1st judged, and, he believed that some what might, there never was ICSB clinging thim now that the banner should be trampled in the dust Well them what was the matter with them that they were trying out for revival of religion' This was the nut for, the v del not get 011 fast enough Religion u is the main objective truth Which never changed It was not dnrkmdont upon human states and conditions, or IliicHuting impulses It was just what it had al was a been It was they themselves that needed reviving It was not enough that they stood on the defensive and held their urn They must be more aggressive The whole word had been given them to possess, and they must not rest until they had won it for Jesus. He had said that there were never more Christians in the world than now, but V had not said that there had never been better Christians than now. Let them look at the early days of the Apostles. With the same zeal they possess, and devotion of well th, and time, and men to Jesus, he believed that a single generation would suffice to have the Gospel preached to every human being. He did not say that all could be saved. In every age, in every Ian!, in every congregation there were some who would not believe, Neither Christ nor His Apostles convert it all their hearers, but in every congregation far more might be brought to less than are now by the use of appropriate means which God his put in our power. Lot every Christian man and woman among them live nearer to God, play more earnestly, fervently, plead with God, have their hearts full of pure and undefiled religion, and their doleful oomph lines worker be changed into songs of gladness, and this southern land would be watered with showers of grace, and every con wrong it you would use the grateful confession, " The Lord hath done great things fortis, wherefore who am glad." For their barrenness, and their spiritual desolation, and for their manifold shortcomings, let them bury themselves in the dust before Almighty God, for " they that sow in tears shall reap enjoy. tea that goeth forth weeping, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him." The Rev. JOHN G UAH AM said that Rome of those present at the meeting probably looked for mi announcement that some set of measures would be adopted by the ministers for the carrying out of this work. Now he had not to make any such announcement. It was felt that this meeting should just be one meeting, a meeting in itself for the specific object of supporting each other by working for God more earnestly in their several churches. He did not mean to say that ultimately, measures might not be adopted, and he' made the iinnouicstiiont that next Monday morning at 11 o'clock there would be a meeting in the vestry of that church of all Christian ministers desiring to attend for prayer and conference in regard to what might be best to be done. He was not Violating confidence in announcing that he had received a very Christian and kind letter from the Bishop of Sydney in reference to this work, and although he could not attend the meeting, yet he stated his intention of taking part in turn ministers prayer meeting. He would probably also take part in any measures that might arise out of those mutual conferences. He did not say he had pledged himself, but he sympathised with the movement and promised to co- operate in it. He was thankful for this, for he should have been deeply grieved that so large and influential a body of God's people as their Episcopalian brethren should not join in this movement. They might hope that by prudent movements and prayer lil measures. and by earnest work that they would be directed by God what to do. The Rev. Dr. WHITE having offered up prayer, the doxology was sung, and the meeting closed with the benediction. 