I CJESAIUSM AND TJLTKAMONTANISM. -s Those of our readers who have closely followed the course of the argument between Archbishop Manning and Mr. James Fitzjames Stephen, and who have been watching anxiously to see which of the two may be considered to have achieved a decisive victory, will hardly have failed to notice that with respect to the principal question raised in the first instance, they have scarcely crossed swords at all. There was plenty of Skirmishing, and as to some minor positions there was fair fighting, but the real quarrel between them was left undecided, not having been fought out on common ground. The question whether a man could be a Christian and yet not an ultramontane, is not the centre of their argument. On this point their mutual attack and defence more resembled an artillery duel than anything else. Each man entrenched himself in his own position, defied his antagonist to dislodge him, and contented himself with long shots that did more or less damage to the opposing bastions. The two men in fact, in the mould of their thought, and in the cast of their arguments, represent not only two contrasted lines of politics and theology, but those two conflicting systems of philosophy which at the present day are struggling for the mastery. Mr. Stephen repre rents the experience school. He takes his stand on the solid ground of fact and experience. He begins with what we see and know and have daily conviction of. He starts with man as he is, with his gregarious habits. In the regular scientific style he takes note of his social tendencies, and of his association instincts.) He observes that men cluster into societies for different purposes, and round the centre of gravity of different instincts. For civil purposes they form themselves into States. Under the ' play of the religious instinct they form themselves into religious communities. As all these opera i lions take place in virtue of divinely ordained laws, and for divinely ordained purposes, each of these societies is equally entitled to be called divine, and each from the human point of view is equally described as human. Thus the State is just as divine an institution as the Church, and the Church is just as secular an institution as the State. As the stream can never rise higher than the fountain, so neither Church nor State can ever transcend its origin ; neither can become more superhuman than the other, and neither less divine. If they come into conflict, their conflicts must be adjusted by a reference to the principles which called them both into being. The Archbishop represents the opposite" school of philosophy. He does not start from experience, but from transcendental metaphysico-theological conceptions and phrases. His datum is a divine revelation, and a Church which is a superhuman organ as the transmitting medium of that revela- tion. His argument is deductive where the other argument is inductive, and all his reason. ings really flow out of the definitions of the words with which he starts. Deny him the use of those words, and you take the tools out of his hands. Blunt those tools and turn their edge, and you spoil his handiwork. The two men, therefore, start from opposite points of the compass, and approach the question from opposite sides. Mr. Stephen is of the earth, earthy and all his arguments are mundane. He affects nothing more than plain common sense, suitable for a work-a-day man in a work a-day world. The Archbishop borrows his armoury from heaven, and flashes his weapons from out of a vague celestial halo, brilliant to look at. but unsubstantial to the touch. It follows from this that Mr. Stephen's argument, able as it is, fails to give assistance to those whom the Archbishop has most harassed. He is strong enough on his own ground. He says to the Archbishop. "I meet your challenge with another. I will be an ultramontane when you have proved to my satisfaction your divine revelation to your superhuman Church. I am prepared to argue the question out with you as a matter of history and criticism, if you are prepared to take the issue on that ground, and I will certainly never yield to such pretensions till you prove them." The Archbishop replies, " I am certainly not going to prove them. Life is too short, and I have other more important work on hand. I am sorry for secularists, and sad at heart about them, but my present business is not with them but with honest Protestant Christians, to whom I wish to make it clear that the persecution of the Catholics is the persecution of Christianity \- that we and they are really in the same boat, . J At-.i. At.--í-fit - - ii. \- that we and they are really in the same boat, and that the controversy of the age is not between ourselves but between our common faith and its assailants." Mr. Stephen does not apparently care to argue this particular question. It is only very briefly and very incidentally that he at all touches upon it. He is too well content with his position to trouble himself with a cause which is apparently not his own. He leaves the Protestant Christian to his own resources, to settle the matter on the basis of Christianity as best he may. Yet it is probable that nine out of ten of those who have read these papers with interest, belong to that very class to whom the lawyer gives so little help. Secularists as a rule are so satisfied with their own philosophy, and treat all ecclesiastical argument with such serene contempt, that they do not bother themselves about it. The ultramontane, on the other hand, are so content to repose on the infallibility of their own guides, so perfectly assured that the opposite party must inevitably be in the wrong, that discussion, so far as their own needs are concerned, is superfluous. But there is a middle class between these two ex- tremes that is trained to desire a reason for the faith that is in it, and this is the particular class to which the Archbishop makes his strong appeal. He labours hard to seduce or to force them into accompanying him, and Mr. Stephen has not argue the question, at least to any important extent, from exactly their point of view. He has shown how he himself can answer the Archbishop, but he has not shown the average Protestant Christian how he is to answer him. it is probable that the appeal which his Grace of Westminster has made to those outside the circle of his own Church, but whom he allows to be I fellow-Christians, will prove a very wholesome stimulant to many minds. It will set them thinking as to whether the reasoning addressed to them is sound - whether the conclusions arrived at are welcome, and, if not, whether the premises are to be contested. It is probable enough that there are many Protestants who do not thoroughly understand their own principles, and to such it will be a benefit to be forced to consider them and to put them in a clear light. In this review, which they will undertake as citizens, as much as Christians, seeing that the controversy concerns them in both capacities, they may be led to notice that the distinction which the Archbishop shows between the province of faith and conscience; and the province of secular things, and which distinction he is per i petually pressing against his antagonists, is, on his showing, a distinction without a difference. It has the air, no doubt, of being con- descending and gracious to say to the State, " Within certain limits you are supreme, but the moment you come within the circle of faith and conscience you are tresspassing on the domain of the Church." Yet when we come to inquire into the real value of this concession we find that it melts into thin air. It is idle to talk about the limits of the Church's supremacy , when we find that the Church itself is the authority for those limits, and can contract and expand them at pleasure. Everything ordered and enjoined by the Church becomes a matter of faith or conscience, and it is obvious that there is nothing in the whole range of human belief and action which may not be so enjoined. It is a question connected with primary education 1 The Church speaks, and the faithful find it a matter of conscience. Is it a question of a Catholic University versus " Godless [colleges Î " It is a matter of faith and conscience. Is it a question of the validity of marriages or of divorce] it is a matter of faith and conscience. Is it a question of national or international policy as at present in Germany and Italy? It is a matter of faith and conscience. Nay, is it a question of the election of a member to Parliament 1 From the moment one candidate is denounced at the, altar and another recommended, the act of voting becomes a matter of faith and conscience. If the Church only can define the limits of the State because it only can define the i limits of the Church, the former has no ' separate status and no separate authority. It is simply a subordinate and derivative institution a sort of vice-royalty with general powers within a limited range, which may at any time be cancelled or compressed ; or in other words a sub-department of the Church, or the Church in its secular administration. With more, there here, than the regal assumption of Louis, Dr. Manning represents the Church assaying "L'état, de.al moi." In this view of the case, therefore, it is idle to attempt any determination of the limits of the respective authority of Church and State. It is idle to attempt to distinguish between the authority of the supreme and the authority of the subordinate power. It would be a waste of time to reason with Dr. Manning as to what rights the State ought to have, and the only point left to argue with him in this respect is as to whether he is right in this fundamental assumption that it is for the Church only to determine where the rights of the State should begin and where they should end. From the ultramontane point of view the civil and ecclesiastical jurisdictions are not like two circles which intersect each other having an area common to both, and each of them a segment not belonging to the other, but they are like two concentric circles in which the smaller is included in the larger. Further, in following the line of argument, and testing its logical concatenation, it is of the utmost importance to notice that the appeal the Archbishop makes to the non-Roman churches is only valid in so far forth as he virtually recognises the supremacy of conscience. Let it be noted that his real and avowed object of making this appeal is first to conciliate the sympathy of these outside churches-to show them that the Archbishop of Posen is a martyr to the same principle as that for which all Protestant Churches have contended and secondly, to convince them that, as ultra mechanism embodies a fundamental principle which Protestants have themselves identified with Christianity, there is no alternative between rejecting the former and rejecting the latter. If he has succeeded in his argument, he has put every Protestant Christian on the horns of a dilemma, and compelled him in consistency to abandon an untenable middle position either to go forward to ultramontanism or to draw back from the belief in Christianity. This would be a very serious dilemma for the whole of Protestant Christendom, if it were a real one. But is it a real dilemma When the Archbishop appeals to the fact that Protestants have always upheld the principle that we should obey God rather than man, he appeals practically to the Protestant assertion of the supremacy of conscience or the right of private judgment-to a principle, the assertion of which has brought more good and noble men to premature and cruel deaths than any other since Christendom had a history. Assist this very principle the ultramontane Church has waged incessant war, and its history is disfigured by the persecutions with which it has sought to exterminate it. How is it possible for ultramontanism to rest firmly on the basis of a principle on which it would allow no other Churches to rest 1 Christianity is thus held up as suicidal-planting a dagger in its own heart. If it was right in the non-Jewish Churches to obey God rather than ment why have they been ana- thematised i And if it was wrong in them to follow the dictates of what they thought the revealed will of God, why can it be more right for the Archbishop of Posen to do the same 1 More right that is on the Protestant hypothesis-for it is on this hypothesis that the Archbishop has apparently condescended to arena the question. apparently condescends to argue the question. He expressly says that the Nonconformists and the Roman Catholics held the same principle and differed only on a point of form. But the principle which the Nonconformists held to the death was the liberty of conscience. Is it in virtue of this principle that the Archbishop calls upon all Protestants to become ultramontane if they would be consistent Christians? It is quite a obvious that it is nothing of the kind, as the larger part of his argument consists of showing them that they have recognised an external authority to which they are bound to submit. It may be said, "How is it that so obvious an inconsistency-one that so completely vitiates the argument could have escaped the Archbishop's notice ?" The answer is, because it is latent, not patent. It is not on the surface of the argument, but it lies at its very core. He is too logical to magnify elaborately the supremacy of conscience (he only mentions the phrase "liberty of confidence once, where he is almost obliged to do it), and then immediately to subordinate the conscience to the Church. Yet this is practically the feat which, under the disguise of an ingenious rhetoric, he performs. The fallacy that is at the bottom of his reasoning is what logicians term the fallacy of the ambiguous middle term. An all-important word, the pivot upon which the argument turns, is a word with two meanings, an image with two faces, and which is turned at one time one way and at another the other and in proportion to the address with which this semi-revolution is managed, the delusion escapes detection. The word " Church " is the one that plays the important part in the Archbishop's argument. It is used at one time in a Protestant sense, at another in the Catholic sense, and what is predicated of it in the one signification is transferred to it in the other. To the Protestant the "Church is a congregation of faithful men, each man having his individual responsibilities, each man having separate spiritual individuality, each man being "a temple of the Holy Ghost." The ultimate atom of the Church, so to speak, is the individual man, and no aggregation of such atoms destroys that individuality, or does more than establish the consequences that necessarily flow from that gregation. The Spirit is with the Church in no other sense than as it is with the members of the Church, and spiritual revelations have been to individuals. They accept the Scriptures as given through individuals, and to be interpreted by individuals with the aid of the same inspiring Spirit. in the Catholic sense, as expounded by Dr. Manning, the Church is a mystical body, inhabited by the Spirit of truth, constituted to be the channel and organ of that truth ; the union of the Spirit with this body is a Divine act analogous to the hypostatic union, whereby the two natures of God and man are eternally united in one person, so as to constitute one moral person, and so that in the Church the perfections of the Holy Spirit become the endowments of the mystical body. When therefore Dr. Manning appeals to the Anglicans, Presbyterians, Free (JhyççUmen, and i Nonconformists, whom he challenges as his witnesses and claims as his allies, under the penalty of their recanting Christianity itself, if they refuse to go with him, and when he asks them, " Do you not believe that the Spirit h with the Church; and that in virtue of that union it is the duty of the Christian to obey the revealed will of God rather than the command- ments of man," the answer would be, " Yes, but we believe that the Spirit is with the Church in the sense that it is with the individual members of the Church, and it is this that establishes their individual responsibility." As long as they hold to this sense, Dr. Manning is unable to carry them off. But if they will concede his sense, that the Church, as a spiritual entity, is a superhuman organ of revelation, and possesses that revela- tion in a way in which no individual ever did or ever could possess it, then all the rest of his argument may follow easily enough. Absolute submission to the one sole representative on earth of Divine authority would be the only proper attitude. All that would remain to the individual would be to exercise his judgment as to where and how the human aspect of the Church is constituted, where and when and how it was to be considered as having authoritatively spoken, and what was to be taken as the proper interpretation of its authoritative utterances. But except within the range of these inquiries, within which however there is a good deal of scope for the exercise of private judgment, that authority of the Church would be practically supreme. Admit the Archbishop's premises, and his conclusion follows ; but his premises is not admitted by the non-Romish Churches in the sense in which he proceeds to apply it. It is scarcely necessary to say that in these columns we are not discussing the question as between the Protestant and Catholic ideas of the Church, or attempting to decide between them. We are merely drawing attention to the fact of the distinction, as fundamental to the estimation of the Archbishop's argument, and showing that while the non-recognition of it is his apparent strength and his real weakness, the sturdy insist- ance on it is the mode in which he will be answered. It is easy, of course, to quote from Protestant authorities passages referring to the Church in its totality, but no such references undermine the fundamental position that revelation is to the individual direct, and not through priests or spiritual corporations. The intense individualism of Protestantism is one of its special characteristics, and to ignore it in an appeal to Protestants, was to leave the part of Hamlet out of the play. The conception of the Church as something more than the body of believers-as something specially superhuman and semi-divine, and as in that capacity the only infallible medium of revelation-is not a fundamental doctrine with Protestants, who hold their Scriptures as coming not through such a medium, but through the " holy men who spake as they were moved." We conclude, therefore, that the Archbishop's argument will not prove potent with the class to whom he has addressed . it, and for the purposes for which he intends it. He has not compelled the- non-Romish Christians to admit the identity of Ultra mechanism and Christianity. He was not compelled them to go with him to the very end of his conclusion, or else to part company with Christian principles to which they have hitherto been warmly attached, and retire to the frigid shades of secularism. The Protestant secession would have been absolutely unjustifiable and inconsistent except as the assertion of the principle that each individual Christian had in matters of faith and conscience the right of private judgment. So long as it adheres to that principle it can never be claimed as an ally to the opposing principle that in matters of faith and conscience it is bound to recognise the orders of the Church as a spiritual corporation and the non-Romish citizen is therefore as a citizen consistently free to act in secular matters according to his judgment and conscience without submitting either himself or his State to the control of any Church authority. I NOVACAMBRIA. *". ' 