I HONTINO. ! THE second hunt of the season took place on Saturday last, at Campbelltown, where Mr. W. P. Bowes, the master, had a «' dingo provided. The members of the Sydney Hunt Club, and their friends left town by the ordinary morning train, to which half a dozen horse-boxes were attached and upon arriving at Campbelltown were joined by several others. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, Lady Robinson, Miss Robinson, Captain and Mrs. St. John, Commodore Goodenough, and Miss Goodenough were present and the Governor, Captain St. John, Mrs. St. John (on Cracksman), and Commodore Goodenough took an active part in the hunt, while the other members of the party were driven along the Appin Road in a Mr. G. F. "Want's carriage. At about half-past 12 o'clock some twenty or thirty had assembled in Graham's paddock, from which a start was to be made, the master had thirteen couples of "spotted beauties," most of them in very good form, considering the short time he has had them in hand. After some slight delay the hounds were laid on, and they went away at a good pace towards Appin. The ground was very sloppy and slippery, and one or two nearly came to grief at the first fence, which was not very high, but still enough to satisfy a glutton, and without the ghost of a gap. Them a bill three-railed was negotiated, and most of the outsiders were brought to a standstill. Several smaller obstacles followed, and when they came in sight of the road Captain Osborne was at the front, and all the scarlet coats were well up. After going about two miles the dogs crossed the road, and there was some pretty jumping out of and into the paddocks, Captain Osborne, Captain Airey, Mr. Terry, Commodore Goodenough, Mr. Cox, Mr. Maxwell, the Master, and the two whips getting well over without a mistake. Here a check occurred, and after a little breathing time had been allowed, the hounds scented the dingo, and, breaking forth into music, loud and deep, dashed away at a merry pace with fifteen or sixteen of the best mounted in their wake. The dingo made straight across country, and a short distance from the road two fineness at the top of a steep hill thinned down the field a little, and after descending the hill, a mile or so of nice country was traversed. The hounds, still going beautifully together, raced down a nasty pinch, over a blind creek, and led into and across a ploughed field. Here condition began to tell on some of the horses, and the Held commenced to strangle. After getting out of the heavy ground, the scent led into some close forest country, where the pace grow very severe. At the end of a mile the trees were left, and the line lay through a lot of paddocks with strong three-rail fences, with an occasional four-railer to relieve the monotony. At this point of the hunt Commodore (late Sportsman), having warmed to his work, and his Excellency entering thoroughly into the spirit of the sport, joined the first flight and negotiated several good fences very cleverly. A little more than a mile at a clipping pace, when another Jasper brought them again into forest country, and the deeper notes of the " beauties " told that they had sighted the women." A sharp run through close timber and scrub brought the hounds, which were still clustered, and going as gaily as ever, too close to the " native," and his heart failing him. he doubled, and threw several of the leading huntsmen off the trail, thereby allowing their followers to come up. Still going at nearly racing pace a strong set of rails was thrown behind, and then the hounds ran into the dingo and turned him over. Ryan and Mason, the whips, whipped off the dogs and secured the game, but not before he had bitten the latter very severely on the back of the left hand. The dog was" then led away, and he will not be troubled until next Saturday, when perchance, with more condition to help him, he will give a longer run. The chase ended in Woodhouse's paddock, and those who were in at the " death " were : Sir Hercules Robinson, on Commodore ; Captain Airey, on Vagabond; Captain Osborne, one Glaucus horse; Captain St. John, on Busby ; Mr. Maxwell, on Killbrido ; Commodore Good- enough, on Gaylad ; Mr. E. Terry, on Transit ; Mr. S. Cox, on Walkover ; Mr. R. F. Pickering, on Mr. Yeoman's Debut ; a stranger, on Mr. Terry's Fisherman ; Mr. W. P. Bowes on Tho Bean and Mr. George Mason and Mr. Ryan on Rocket (chestnut) and Receipt. Taken right through, the jumping was excellent, so good indeed that it would be unfair to make special reference to any of the wearers of the scarlet. The hounds worked well throughout, and were beautifully managed, and the meeting was a glorious success in every respect Half as hour's rest after the capture, and then the whole cavalcade went off at a good pace to Mr. G. F. Want's residence, where an excellent champagne luncheon had been provided by the host for the viceregal party and the hunters, and it need hardly be said that full justice was rendered. An hour's ride along the road brought Camp- belltown into view, and the whole party reached Sydney in safety by the evening train. [ 