THE PERIPATETIC PHILOSOPHER. The facetious correspondent of the Town and Country "journal must be a man of inspired genius. Judging from his last effusion one would imagine him laboring under an electioneering mono-mania, which had eventuated in effusion of brains. Unfortunately the point of his wit, even to a keen " Observer," is hard to be seen, unless the main point consists in a superabund ance of abuse. " Argus " and his one hundred eyes have always been a source of annoyance for many reasons. And if it were possible a hundred modern " Mercuries " would be ready and willing to slay as many " Arguses " which might arise, if only the peacocks could obtaiqf his eyes: Watch on dear Argus, the Juno public opinion will make thee far greater amends x for the abuse received and character traduced, than ever the implacable Deity of that name rewarded her faithful watchman. But really what a pity it is to see a man of transcendent intellect prostituting noble talents to the very ignoble trade of a common abuser, and what a pity that a man of such noble qualities fo soul should pander to the tastes of fat clock- makers and " ole clo' " men from Hounsditch. What a pity it is that clergymen will quarrel ! I am led on to this reflection on perceiving that "good feeling" among clergymen seems to be at a very low ebb. I can understand a " Stiggins" and a " Jowler " having an occasional fall out, but respectable broad-cloths should not learn " to chide and fight." One reverend gentleman, lately speaking of the lack of preaching power in Sydney, wound up his remarks by saying that he would preach any man his size (and he stood tall) in the colony. Can't some one accommo date him ? His remark certainly amused me. Who is " Providore ? " His wit is as exube rant as his fancy is playful. Now " Providore " play the man, throw aside thy non deplume , unmask thyself, and stand forth in all thy imbe cility and scurrility confessed. During my weekly peregrinations I have endeavoured to find the cad, as I should like to try his mental calibre. Where he went to school " Lord Chesterfield was certainly not the rule." His English (?) well it is certainly not after Murray. If one only knew where to find the cad we might be tempted to pack him off to the British Museum M a specimen of antipodal vulgarity and perversity. Passing up Bacon- street some time since VI came in front of an imposing edifice of the Vy Australian type of architecture. After numerous and unsuccessful enquiries as to when it was built, the architect's name, what it might be called, and some other minor questions, I was attracted of the appearance of a thick set young man with a rather repulsive countenance on the opposite side of the road, and who ap peared to be in a very woe-begone state. I accosted him in a friendly way. From him I received this information. What was it called ? Said he, the Oddfellows' Hall. What was it used for ? Well it was used for the best of all Friendly Societies, whose motto is " Friendship, Love, and Truth, and at times it has been made the scene of many an ungory fight in the shape of a mock play, and had seen many a grave object when Hamlef s ghost spoke in broken English. What had become of all the talent ? Well there was only one man as could be said to have had any talent, and a choice spirit he was too. I hope to find him, said I. The young man, striking an attitude which would not have disgraced a John Philip Kemble or the elder Kean, cried " it is me." Art thou then the great local actor of whom I've heard so much ? He cried, " Yes I is." My informant, who had hitherto presented a most wretchedly woe-begone countenance, burst into tears, ana amid sighs, groans, and sobs complained of neglected merit and unrequited labor for the public on. platform and by the Press, and whilst the big tears coursed their way down his withered face he sang in accents of despair the following plaintive ditty : — The Lament of a Comrdy Man, After all that I have done for Grafton and ita town, MuBt I be compelled alone to quit without a brown ; A Not a dinner, not a groat, not a " bit o' writin' e'en," > What ungratitude forsooth, well I have been very green, v Did I not myself to please get np parties, fetes, and routs ? Did I not with shivering kneeB often act like " puss in boots?" Am I now compelled to go t without a single sizpenee too 1 Oh 1 Graftonians what a blow, not to give a single sou. All my talents, all my brains, all my " grave yard scenes" beside, All my paragraphs and flames, all for nothing 1 woe betide. Farewell Grafton, fare thee well, never more my faee you'll see, Many a little tale you'll tell, I thought you would remember me. HYPODIDASCALUS. 