t on tains the names of a few of your Australian faviurites. Mr. J. S. Hall, the Australian pupil ef /efferson, has made a promising debut at St. panes'*, in an opera bouffe ascribed by it8 pro fdueers to M. Lecocq, but indignantly re -puiiated by the composer. Both parties are in the tight, for 31. Lecocq's the music un i -gueetionably is; that he never wrote it for an Lpera bouffe, much less for the ' Black Prince.' f$ hen Mr. Fitke and Messrs. Cramer had nude Itteir explanations, it appeared that their Dlaj wrigiit Mr. Farnie had taken a comedy by fetiche and Delacour, which in its original Jape would hardly pass the L.rd Chamberlain's cihce, and constructed from it a libretto. To tbis the composer-in-ordinary at St. James's had adapted music from a collection of M. Lecocq's songd, if which Messrs. Cramer possess a stock of 'copyrights. Thus the *' Black Prince' was con cocted, and despite the sharp practice of ueLig M. lecocq's name in connection with the music, it 'Lib proved a success. Mr. Hall has oue of the fcobt effective characters in the piece, and plays it with the verve and versatility familiar to the ancient temple of Solomon. He is thus pro* jounced upon by a by no means gushing critic:— 'Mr. John Hall, as Dr. Maresnest, of the Society of Antiquaries, is extremely amusing. He is, we believe, new to the London stage, bat is a clever low comedian, who sings and danoea veil, he is sure to make his mark. His humour is unforced and genial, and he never obttudes [himself beyond the character he so ablyper ?tmatts. As the learned antiquarian, suffering ?cm a bad attack of fiomau remains, he was ?mutable. His address to the mutineers on ?hud the Firefly, followed by bis hornpipe, was purler c^ue in its highest and most legitimate I A SEW HAMtKr. I After several years of unprecedented success Id melodrama the Lyceum is about to cross the libicun, and attempt a revival of legitimate Hating. The Manager,- Mr.Batoman, is an Amtrican, who before he acquired bis present Position lived in the reflected celebrity of his I tiebrated daughter, the Leah of ten years ago. rtfith part ot Leah's rapidly- earned fortune Mr. fBateman took the Lyceum, and brought out a Uecocd daughter who, though evidently lacking Pthe histrionic genius of her sister, has made Uecided progress during her three seasons of melodramas. The backbone of the Lyceum 'Company was Mr. Henry Irving, still a young actor, but already able to divide with Mr. 'othern the palm of popularity with a London I mdieuce. Critics have not yet given him their Unqualified approval. His Matthias in the 'Bells' was very generally con aemced at first as an overstrained and . unnatural display of overwrought passion. When be essayed a quieter and more artistic '.role in Charles L his make-up was commended 'as a perfect facsimile of the wronghesded and eventually headless King. In Eugene Aram he revived Matthias with a setting more familiar to -English hearers. Speaking of him from very Mcasiocal study, I think him a stilted and Seidedly self-conscious actor. If you imagine » great tragedian Mr. James Anderson divested afbulk and with his heroic dignity transformed i|to an expression of perpetual martyrdom, you »ay gauge the dramatic rank of the new ^amlet as he presented himself at the Lyceum met Saturday night. The psychological theories of Hamlet have been as profoundly discussed at She antipodes as in London. When all is said me are reduced to two alternatives in our con ception of the character— either that he was a Consummate embodiment of duplicity, or a feeble-minded, impulsive young man, for whom the Ghost's commission was too much. The latter supposition has the high authority of Goethe and Coleridge, to which must now be added the dramatic endorsement of Mr. Henry Irving. Goethe speaks of it as being clear to him : 'that Shakespeare's intention was to exhibit the effects of a great action imposed as a duty upon a mind too feeble for its accomplishment. In tbis sense I find the character consistent throughout. Here is an oak planted in a china vase, proper to receive only the most delicate flowers. The roots strike out, and the vessel flies to pieces. An impossibility is required at his hands; not an impossibility in itself, but that which is so to him. A pure, noble, highly moral disposition, but without that energy of soul which constitutes the hero, sinks under a load which it can neither support nor resolve to *? abandon altogether. Observe how he shifts, turns, hesitates, advances, and recedes ; how he is continually reminded and reminding himself of his great commission, which he nevertheless, in the end, seems almost entirely to lose sight of, and this without ever recovering hid former tranquillity.' Mr. Irvuig's Hamlet is to use an Americanism laid down on these lines. The result is a hesi i taring, vacillating, but withal well-intentiouei youth, whose uncertainty of purpose sufficiently . accounts for the frequency ot the Ghost's visits. In the intervals Mr. Hamlet is apt to forget the solemn interviews forced upon him by h's deceased parent. It is quiet refined acting that the new version aims at, and 1 presume that judging it by your recollections of poor Mont gomery you might think it tame. The scene with Ophelia may be instanced as a part in which Mr. Irving specially excels. OUR HOME LETTER. fFrom oar own Commondmt.] London. November 4. A new tteamer, tne at. wytn, wnicn proceeca to-d»y from Plymouth direct for Melbourne, has furnuhed opportunity for a supplementary mail, which I tiost will be delivered in Adelaide con siderably in advance of tae next re^ulir dispatch via Brindi'.L There is only five days' news to add to the budget which I closed on the 30th October, bat for the dull season they have been rather busy days. The movements in upper circles have been of special interest The Prince and Princess of Wales arrived from the Conti nent at the close of last week, and after a few days' rest they started to-day for the- Midlands to combine some cover shooting at Lord Aylesford's with a visit to democratic Eirmingbam. They started on Monday afternoon from Eu9ton Station for Packington Hall, which is not fa* from the hard ware metropolis. The royal train stopped at Hampton-in-Alden in the deepening twilight, but Hampton-in-Alden was not deterred by the dusky prospect from making itcalf as loyally pic turesque as pos-able. The wayside srition at which Lord Aylesford re :eived bis guest? was carpeted and decorated in the most arcad'an style. But there wa« no delay for admit-in? evergreens. When the carnages and drajs had received their a*si;jned occupants the pro cession drove smarLiy through the village to Packington Hall, where the Earl's reta'ners had prepared a welcome after the good old i»yle of baronial ho-pitility. From fie Stone Inn up the lOLg avenue to the Hall, the autumn folivje was interwoven with streams of light. As the Prince and Princes* were ushered into the old Hall music played them welcome. At night the lights in the park were shown iu fu'l glare, and fireworks from the C-yer -1 Palace pyrotechnist amused the i jRtic crowd no lesi than the dr« tingoished gucrta who were to sba^ his lord ship's horpitality with the Heir Apparent. THE VISIT TO BIRMINGHAM I can only spsak of in anticipation, details not being yet to hand ; but it was a magnificent success, and the Republican Mayor, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, has for once earned the approval of his Conservative fellow-citizenB, though at a decided sacrifice of popularity among his more Radical supporters. Speaking of the decorative arrangements, one joco:-e Special writes:— 'The manufacturing capital that is so eminently utili tarian, that will supply auythine, from a bronza idol for Japan to matchlocks labelled for rebel lious savages ; that will undertake to furnish King Coffee with a new umbrella, or the King of Fiji with a new war-club, has grown unselfish and aesthetic ; Cirminghan, the cold, stern, and grim, has waxed warm, cordial, and kindly. . . In the principal thoroughfares by which the procession will pass uniformity has been arrived at in the ornamentation. At regular intervals have been erected Venetian masts, thit is to say, tall poles in imitation of those on the famed Piazza of St. Mark, and from those pole3 brilliant banners are suspended vertically. In addition the masts are connected by strings of pennons, the size of those borne by Lancera, of two colours, most art'sticaMy varied, so that a continuous undulation of rainbow tints Is pro duced. Some of these are bright with gilding. Seme are painted blue, and some are covered with cloth. New-street, Bennett's Hill, Ann Btreet, and Colmore-row strike me as carrying away the palm for richness and elegance of adornment; and amongst the establishments which are peculiarly prominent in this Hue of road ara the Midland Bank and the Union Club.' Mr. Chamberlain, the Mayor, entertained H:s Royal Highness in a style worthy of Guildhall. His Ridical friends were for the most p~rt con siderate towards him, and frankly admired the tact and ability with which he discharged the duty of representing h;s fellow-citizens under peculiar circumstoncef. They had to remember that this was only the third vHt Birmingham had received during the present rei^n. The Odgerite section of them were not so forbearing:; but their vituperation did no harm. On Satur day night they convoked a me :ting opposite the Town Holl, and from the body of avanthe'r orators denounced ad libi.um, the obj- jcionablfl waste of money, public aud private, that was going on for the grati Action of mere flunkeyiVm. But the M-tyor had placed him.'.lf personally beyond their reach by assuming on himself all the financial responsibility of h;s pro ceedings. He may not get so much ere tit for geuerosity as a five- bottle rubicund Aldern?'*i who swear* by Church and St;te nvjht have earned in his place; but si-iil he will have done his duly like an En^lishmi-i. and yet maintained bis consistency as an advanced democrat I pre sume Hi? Royal Highness will not perpetuat-3 the practical joke of having a Kui^hthoxl offered to him. There would be a keen sat'-a in such a recognition of Mr. Chamberlaiu's lioe rality, but bis royal guest will see that he is of other stuff than the provincial Mayors who adore gold chafou and titles. THE DUKE AND DUCHESS OF EDINBURGH will shortly make another attempt to get to their little country seat at EistwellPark. It has been notified to the Local Board at Ashford that their Royal Highnesses intend to go down as soon a*: the Duches: can bear the journey, which her physicians say will be some day afcer the 12th in3t. The notice adds that they will have much pleasure in being welcomed exactly as they would have been on the 13th of October had they not been compelled to postpone the journey. Ashford is doing its best to furbish up its decorations again, but not without a grumble at the expense it uselessly incurred a month ago. The Duke and his brother-in-law visit Eastwell Park this week to see that the domestic arrangements for Her Imperi.il Highness and the baby are all in proper order. The Empress of Russia is living very quiet'y at Buckingham Palace, and goiS out shopping of an afternoon like any native duchess brought up from her childhood to appre date the convenience of bang able to kill time in Regent-street or New Bond-street. The pro longed stay of the Qaeen at Balmoral is re marked upon in various ways : in the first pla?e, as nob being excessively courteous to a distin guished gue:t; and, in the second, as indicating that the precedency disputes in the roya' family did not leave the best of blood behind the in. Several provincial journals have spoken their minds about royal inhospitality, and one has published a rumour that though the Empress and part of her suite have apai tments at Bucking ham Palace, they pay all their owa expense. It is. a fact tbat some of the su-.ti are accom modated at the Russian Embassy. THESE REFLECTIONS ON* RO*ALt? Ii&ve; been indirectly countenanced by the Morning Post, which, on the morning of the Prince of Wales' return from the Continent, published a leader reminding hiia : — ' There is at preceut in England a lady to whom it behoves us to show the utmost respect Toe mother of our newly-acquired Prince-s has claims upon us even greater than thosj of the wife of a mighty Sovereign. It is to be hoped th it the arrange ments of the Prince and Princess of Wale3 may enable them to fulfil that part which the Q-iean is unfortunately prevented from undeivikhg. Circumstances are& ach th it little is required; bat that is ail the more reason why that Jitrle should not be neglected.' What may be regarded as an echo from ena of the West-End Clubs finds utterance in the Noriktrn Whig to this effect:— 'Can it be seriously intended that the Emprecs of Bus a* should be allowed to leave the British shore without the slightest personal attention on the part of the Queen, and that even the stay at Balmoral will not be in any way shortened out of courtesy to the Empress, a delic;te womai. who has come all across Europe to attend har daughter in her confinement? We cannot of course answer this question. But really our gracious Sovereign appears now to do so many ungracious things that this utter want of hospitality and etiquette, to say nothing of family obligations, is not impossible nor even improbable. All that can be said is that, if Queen Victoria should not trouble herself to go to London to meet the Empress of Russia, she would be acting a*» no other sovereign in the world would act towards her, and that indeed if such conduct in any other sovereign were probable, it would be thought most unroyal, and even insulting. It would be considered rude in one private person to another under the circumstances, but it would be very much more in a great Queen to a great Empress, whose daughter her second son had married, and who was here simply to perform a materaal duty like the humblest of the subjects of Russia or of Great Britain.' These disloyal observa tion* codd b« multiplied at will, bat remem bering thztBouth Australians an a super lojral people I forbear. The Court is about to quit its Highland retreat at last. THB HEW LORD MAYOR was yesterday presented to the Lord Chancellor, who, in Her Majesty's name, has to ratify the choice of the citizens. It was a pleasant duty for Lord Cairns— Mr. Alderman Stone being not orly a brother Conservative but a brother lawyer. The custom is for the City Recorder and the Lord Mayor elect, accompanied by the principal officers and members of the Corpora tion, to repair to the Lord Chancellor's residence about a week before the public visit to West minster. This year the Recorder's duty had to be performed by the Common Sergeant, Mr. Thomas Chambers, who neatly summarised the biography of the new Chief Magistrate, com mencing with an ancestry about 300 yeara old. According to this official eloge Mr. Alderman 8tane come3 of a Sussex family hating large estates at Framfield. ' He was educated at 8t. Olave's Grammar School, in Southwark, under the eminent ceholar, Dr. Lempriere. At the usual age, being deitinei to the profession of the law, he was articled to Mr. Devey, of Ely-place, and after passing the usual examination was admitted a solicitor and attorney in 1839. He continued in active practice until 186*4, when finding himself in the possei'sion of an ample fortune and with a d''- pofcition to enter the duties of public life, wb.;ch his tastes and abilities well qualified him *- undertake, he retired from the profession. In that year be was elected, on the retirement of Mr. Alderman Condor, alderman for tbe Ward of Bassishaw, and in 1867 he served the o(fic9 of Sheriff of London in conjunction with. Mr. Alderman McArthur, M.P., a year memorable for the Fenian outbreak. Mr. Stone, when he entered the Court of Aldermen, hal alre dy aquired large experience of public life. In 1840 and 1841 he was Under-Sheriff t? Mr. Alder man Famcombe. In 1850 he acted as Hono rary Private Secretary to the rvne gentleman when he wes Lord Mayor, and m tbat capacity arranged the b-iquei g'ven at the Mansion House to the Mayors o* the United Kingdom, at wh'ch the lar? Prince Con: sort was a guest. In 1855 he wa-' again Under Sheriff— this time to Mr. Alderman Kennedy. In addition to these ter»icc?, the Lord Mayor Elect has discharged important mqnicipal func tions. For ten years he has been Chairman of the Police Committee, and for ceveral years has been one of the representatives of the Corpora tion at the Metropolitan Board of Works. Nor does th''s enumeration exhaust the list of Irs public engagements. As a member of four livery Companies — the Spectaclemakers, the Haberda=hers, Tallowchandler*, and the Coopers — of the first three of which ho has served the office of Master, and of the last of which he is now serving that office— he has had a large range of public duty, and more especially in connection with the Haberdashers' Company, has giver great attention to their important educational and charitable institutions, and is now Chairman of the Board of Management for the erection of two large schools at Hoxton and Hatcham.' The Lord Chancellor dwelt with professional satisfaction on the prospect of having a legal Magistrate at the head of tbe city. He properly adverted to the many important prosecutions which have lately been initiated at the Mansion House— some of which are still pending. The administration of justice in criminal case3 in the city was, said His Lordship, a subject of great and increasing anxiety. But there were still more important subjects looming in the distance. The cry has been once more ra'sad of A NEW METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT, and this time it will make itsolf heard in Parlia ment. Lord Elcho and a host of like-minded zealot* have taken up the question and given the Government fair warning of their intention to prosecute it systematically. They waited oa Mr. Cross at the Home Office last week and presented him with a memorial disclosing the main pro visions of their measure, which will b- brought on as early as possible next session. Though Mr. Cross was cautious enough, there are persons in the confidence of the Government who anticipato that Lord Elcho's Bill will either be adopted officially or a substitute provided for it. In his complimentary address to the Lord Mayor elect the Lard Chancellor touched on the impending controversy. He was even hopaful in bis allusions to it. 'Just as I believe,' he said, ' that any wise, libera1. and wellcon sidered scheme for improving the local govern ment of the metropolis will be met by the Corporation of London in no illibsral or selfish spirit, so I trust that tta consideration of any such scheme will be approached by the Legis lature with a deep sense of ir-* magnitude and the difficulty of the danger of a Che itap, or adopting any crude and hasty messui-e; and, above all, with an accurate appreciation of the precise objects which it is desired to accompli -b, and of woat are the precise evils which it is necessary to avoid.' AN ANTI-TYNDALL PASTORAL. Cardinal Cullen and the Irish Catholic hier archy have been having what in the vulgar tongue is characterized as a ' regular swear.' It was issued on Sunday in the shape of a pas toral, in which the Bishops took the opportunity of paying off all the enemies of the Church in consecutive order. Dr. Tyndall and his friend Huxley— who as a matter of fact never opened his mouth at Belfast ou the atomic theory— are made the forefront of the assault. The two polemical savans are virtually charged w;th having gone over to Belfast purposely to insult the Roman Catholic faith. Accordingly they have the decrees of the Vatican Council and the constitution of the Catholic faith shaken in their face as a spiritual defiance. Their own countryman Dr. Newman -happily for tho Irish Bishops now on their own side— is quoted at great length against them, especially his celebrated address as Rector of the new Catholic University in Dublin — where orthodox professors are so scarce that the Bishops had to put a hist years student into the not unimportant chair of physiology. The changes are rung in vigorous language against Materialism. It is admitted to have discovered some fresh arguments in the scientific investiga tions of the past three hundred years, but substantially it remains the same as it was originally in the ' inanities of Democritus.' The theories of natural selection hereditary trans mission, and other favourites of the hour, are but revivals of ancient Paganism, made more attractive to weak minds:— 'In fact, the Materialism of to-day asserts itself as the direct creation of science. It boldly asserts —and in this bold assertion lies its power over weak minds —that science, spurred on by the impulse of determining the sources of natural phenomena, has succeeded, after infinite research, in constructing a theory of the universe —a cosmogony of its own— and that of the cosmogony thus formed Materialism is the latest expression It even pushes itself to the front as the mouthpiece of science. As such it claims that all religious theories, schemes and systems which embrace motions of cos- mogony, or which otherwise reach into the domain of science, must, in so far as they do this, submit to the control of science, and relinquish all thought of controlling it. As regards physical science in its stricter acceptation, it can lend no strength to Materialistic theories, for this reason, viz., that it is not its province to construct theories of cosmogeny, but to investigate facts. And, as to physical science in its second and looser signification before alluded to, it is plain that the amount of strength it is able to impart to Materialism must depend upon tho closeness of the reasoning by which Materialists deduce their thories from the facts its supplies.' THE RELATIONS OF THE CHURCH TO SCIENCE are expounded in a manner to make all previous commentators on the Syllabus and the Vatican Decrees blush for their stupidity. Roman Catholics are called upon to be thankful that an insurmountable barrier has been raised to guard them from the sceptical approaches of science: — ''It can no longer happen that weak-minded Catholics, deafened by the continual cry that the Church would strangle science, should experience uneasiness on this account. The Church itself, in the Vatican Council, has put an end for ever to such assertions, and to the half doubts they have helped to sow. For in the Constitution ' De Fide Catholica' she sets forth her entire conception of the just position of science in the world of truth. In language of exquisite simplicity she declares— First, her own estimate of science itself and of its achievements ; next, she prescribes the method which each science is to follow, and traces the limits beyond which it ought not to wander ; then she contemplate the supposed case of conflict between faith and reason, to declare that real conflict is impos able ; and finally, lays down roles by which, in cam of apparent conflict, the embarrassment may be removed and the truth protected. She delivers her judgment at to the methods and limits of the sciences. And here the outcry daily raised by her enemies would lead us to expect that her whole aim would be to enslave and crush her hated rivals by imposing her own method on each, and with a high hand fixing arbitrary limits for all But it is not so. 'She forbids not that the sciences, each in its own range should employ its proper principles and its proper method.' And tnia freedom to investigate on the basis, and according to the peculiarities of each science — which includes oft that the princes of human learning have ever demanded— the Catholic Church declares to be the just liberty of science. She lays down rules by which any apparent col lision between them may be explained. The golden constitution may well be styled the charter of Catholic science, since it secures for ever the rights of faith intact, while it guarantees the liberty of science.' MIXED EDUCATION is, next to Materialism, the national danger against which Ireland has to bestir itself. At the close of their pastoral the Cullenites repudiate all connection whatever, either In schools or Universities, with Protestant science. There can be no truce with any parson or party who does not bend his neck to the Vatican decree'- Recent events are used as a bogie ' to convince of their error those well-meaning men who are reluctant to believe that the chairs of science in Ireland are ever converted into pulpits whence infidelity and irreligion are disseminated. They cannot fail to open the eyes of all to the dangers that beset faith in systems of education, whether university or primary, which are based on the principle of the exclusion of religion. And here it will not be amiss, in connection with the Irish National system of education, to call attention to the fact that the Materialists of to day are able to boast that the doctrines which have brought most odium upon their school have been openly taught by a high Protestant digni- tsry (the late Archbishop Whateley), who had tho chief part in the preparation of the books that were to form the mind of the rising genea tion in Irish National School, and whose work on tho ' Evidences of Christianity' was in use in those schools, and would probably still be but for the resistance of the Catholic Bishops in Ireland. After such revelations as these who will not feel the necessity of saving Irish Catholics from the dreadful choice alluded to above between the ' leap of the torrent and the stillness of the swamp,' by maintaining for them in the Catholic University and in Catholic schools a living fountain of Christian education.' The pastoral concludes with smaller volleys of execration, fired at the German Empire, the English Freemasons, the Brazilian Government, which has lately taken to imprisoning Bishops, and the much-abused Italians. This promiscuous cursing is not honoured with much attention nowadays on the English side of the Channel. The practice of issuing them keeps up a denunciatory art of rhetoric, which otherwise would die out, for it has no parallel out of Cardinal Cullen's diocese. Father O'Keefe was almost as expert in using it as the Car dinal. THE CANDAHAIt AVD EINGSBBIDGE. An official enquiry was held yesterday at Greenwich Police Court into the circumstance i under which the Candahar, a Melbourne bound ship, ran down the Kingsbridge, bound for Sydney. . You had the details of the casualty by last mail, and doubtless it has made a durable impression on the Insurance Companies of both cities. Both were iron ships on the Liverpool register, and similar in tonnage— one 1,418, and the other 1,497 tons. The Guidahar, running down straight on the Kingsbridge, struck her on the after part of the port mainrigging, and cut her through, crushing in at the same time her own stern, so that but for her forward bulk* head she too would have instantly gone down. The captain, with his wife and daughtor and eight of the crew, sank in the Kingsbridgs. Shortly after getting to Falmouth the captain o* the Candahar was seized with paralysis, and thus the Court of Enquiry was deprived' of two most important witnesses. The survivlug officers and men of the Kingsbridge succeeded, however, in defending the conduct of their unforturate vessel, and the verdict of th a Court wont strongly against the Candahar. It was as follows : — 'The Court, having carefully investigated the evidence given on both sides, has come to the conclusion that the collision in this case arose from the want of a sufficient look-oat on the part of the Candahar. The Candahar was at the time clone hauled on the port tack, with the Lizard light clearly vMble some 14 miles broad on the lee starboard bow. The K:ngsbridge was at the moment, reaching to the S.F-, close hauled likewise, but on the starboard tack. On these points the evidence i« dear, and no conflict of opinion exists. Respecting both sbip3' lights the Court is opinion that they were properly placed, lit, and burning well. The cause of the collision the Court almost entirely attributes to the unpardonable deficiency of look-out on the part of the Candahar, wbich, being on the port or yielding tack, should have taken every pre caution on a dark night, aud espoc:ally in the vicinity of the Lizard, where vessels must have been expected to have been met. This essential precaution Mr. Nelson, the officer of the watch, signally failed toobserre; he neither strengthened his look-out nor looked-out himself, nor directed bio junior officer to do so, although that o nicer had just previously been entrusted with the charge of the ship, and held a certificate of competency as second officer. The failure of ordinary caution led mainly, in the opinion of the Court, to the tenlble di«aster. The Court cannot accept the theory of Mr. Nelson, that the cause of collision arose either from the lights of the Kingsbtidge not having been in their place, or from their being obscured by her own sails, but unhesitatingly attribute it to the cause above mentioned. They therefore consider Mr. Nelson, the chief officer of tho Candahar, guilty of a default, and adjudge that his certificate be suspended for twelve calendar months from this date. The conduct of the lookoutman, Charles Win. Sand, A.B., cannot be too strongly con demned. His only explanation was that the Kingsbtidge steamer shewed no light until she was quite close; but even ou thi3 supposition his explanation is inexcusable, as b-s own crew stated that ships without lights might have been seen that evening at a distance of half a mite, whi'st at the moment of his report it is clear feat only a. few yards inteivened between the ship and the K''ng3brldge. The Court regret that they have no power of dealing with such unaccountable culpability. Kc-peoting the Kingsbridge, although on -he starboard t;ck. the Com b cannot wholly exculpate her from all blame. Had her chief officer, Mr. Macdonald, used either blue l'ghta or rockets, bath of which were at hand, either when he considered the collision possible, or 6ubs:qnently, whon he deemed it inevitable, the attsnlipn of some one on board the Caudahar might have bean doubt lessly attracted, and the results in all probability have b:en averted.' It was stated at the time of the collision tbit the K;Hgsbtidge and her ergo wore estimatrd at £o0,0u0, and the adjustment of the loss under suoh a verdict as the naufcal g-'e&\- on g.tve at Greenwich will not be the simplest matter in the world. The CLndahar, wbich if now at Fa' mouth, will in all probability b :2Dme the vicL- n of an Admiralty Edit. CLOSE OF THE ITTERNATIONA^ EXHTBIHON. The friends of the colony who dissuaded you from having anything to do with the proposed Australian i-ourb are now ampiy jusunea oi their counsel. You are about to have a Colonial Court provided at South Kensington— if not free of expense, certainly on much easier terms than you could have obta;ned last year. Soon after the opening of the 1874 Exhibition the Commis sioners discovered that there was no hope of carrying out their original programme of a decennial series without facing the prospect of an annual and it might be heavy debt. Their lordships ate the leek, and gave notice that af tar the current season a decennial project would be abandoned. The public were'not horrified at such a threat ; the attendance at South Ken sington continued to diminish a«-ay, until in the autumn months the shillings taken at the door had hardly paid the men's wages. About a month or six weeks ago the admis sion was lowered to 3d., and from that to a plebeian penny. The penny seemed to be a fair gauge of tho popular catimatiou of the show, fofj a good many thousands paid it daily. The dooflj were closed last Saturday afternoon, and niflj the Commissioners are preparing us for a fifHj programme, which is to be commenced forth with. The immense quadrangle has been distri buted among various youthf nl inatitation* more or lea directly connected with tho Exhibition. ITie National Training School for mime, which anjeys the patronage of the Duke of Edinburgh, , is erecting a palatial residence for itself close to the Albert HaH. Mr. Buckmaster's National Training School foi Cooking will be promoted from its dingy little lecture- room to a suite ' of scientific kitchens. The Belgian annexe, which has been purchs«ed from that Govern- , ment, is leesed at a nominal rent to the School : 3f Art Needlework, whose zealous promot3r h '. Princess Christian. These institutions, how- i aver, fill up only the odd corners of the great : galleries and annexes. For the main buildings : more important tenants have been found. The : western galleries, flanking Prince A^iw't-nud, - aave been taken by Patent Commu'ioneu for a patent museum, and they will thus redeem - themselves from the reproach of burying instead )f displaying the treasures of ingenuity which ? sanguine inventors have committed to the?- ? ure. The corresponding galleries on the \ eastern side, fronting Exhibition-roid, have , been leased for three yeat* to the India Offii 3 ; for its India museum, which wi' accordingly ba , brought down fiom the hvjcr'ible garret ii , CbarTes-street. The ga^xy of attractions i* to srowned by A COLONIAL MU8ETJJJ, which fs to be located in the French JHnexe - , by far the mo^t picture :que of a'! the buildings. The responsibility of tb's projest ha« been undertaken by the Colorval Office, in consulta tion, I presume, with the various Agents General. But the main feature of the new arrangement a« distinguished from the crude scheme of le-t year for an Australian Court, :s that it will be under a central jutlsd'clion here, thereby excluding the former danger of colon':1 squabbling and disrjf^ment. The Colonial Office itself b»s much to disgorge from its cellars and anterooms. Thee musty t»-eaoures when properly arranged wl»l elord a striking illustration of early colonial b'story. When they havo bean eet forih and made fp.mih**.r to the Biitfsh public it will be time enough for the colonies to complete the illustration from the storehouse of their modern wealth. There ha? baen no formal announcement made to the public respecting the new tcheme, which will probably not be matured till next spring. The^o bints I have obtained from a private source, but no doubt correspon dence on the subject is proceeding bstwean Lord Carnat?on and the Colonhl Governments. It may be assumed that the shilling admission system is abandoned entirely. Either the new Museums will be ab:olntely free on certain days of the week, like the South Kensington Museum opposite, or tho payment at the door will be veiy Inning. There is a decided move ment just now among the household suffrage community for obtaining the aboli tion of all fees at the doora of public institutions. The crusade is specially directed against shilling fees at the Tower, which are evidently doomed to be suspended on certain day?, if not abolished altogether. The Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's are on the eime prin ciples being urged to follow the example set them at the Abbey, and renounce doorkeepers' perquisites. Next summer we may expect to see the Exhibition Buildings opened free, at least so many time: a week. If so the new arrangement will be very important for the colonies, and some of them who are more wide awake than their neighbours will speedily use the opportunity for advertising themselves to England in general and the emigrating class in particular. THE FOBKICK WINES AT SOUTH KENSINGTON. There is some hope 'after all of an official report on the wine exhibits at South Kensing ton. It is announced that the Committee of the Department held a general meeting some days ago to take steps in this direction. There were present — Lord Methuen (in the chair), Dr. Birdwood, Lieut. H. H. Cole, R.E., Mr. J. Corlett, Mr. H. M. Cumming, Mr. R. Gray, Mr. C. L. de Luc, Mr. H. Matthiessen, Mr. H. Goodcnough Smith, Captain the Hon. K. Talbot, and Mr. £. Venning, with Mr. Le Neve Foster (Secretary). The Committee divided itself into three Sub- Comaittees, which will deal respec tively with (A) Spanish wines, (B) Portuguese wines, (C) Australian and other wines. These Sub-Committee!) arc now meeting from day to day, in order to carry on the necessary enquiries. Commercially South Australian wines are making themselves favourably known. It is a good sign when a new article can afford to advertise itself thoroughly, and that may now be said for Australian wines generally. Not only do the regular importers spend money freely in keeping them before the public, but some of the wholesale merchants now give them a place in their catalogues. Kinloch & Co., of Catalan celebrity, bare discovered that a good word may be said for Australian produce without dis paragement to their respectability as purveyors of the John Bull baverpges known as p«rt aud sherry. Gil by & Co., who are wine caterers for the million, find it answers to buy up Australian in bond and bottle it. Should the International Exhibition Commissioners make a favourable report, as doubtless they will, widespread pub licity here should be at once secured for it. lLOBD BOMILLT'S RECENT DECISIONS in the European Assurance Arbitration are as little appreciated by the profession as by those who have to suffer the hard consequences of them. From business men there has baen a sharp protest against his reopening questions which his predecessor had vii tuplly settled, and which his own successor— for ho is not unlikely to need one should he insist on doing all the work of the arbitration twice over — may again reverse. On the important question of ' nova tion,' as it affects insurance policies, we have now received in the course of the Albert and European arbitrations three decisions, no one of which can claim the rank of as emphatic precedent. A city journal, after recalling that Lord Romilly long ago announced bis determination not to be guided by bis predecessor's decisions, admits that he 'has thus some excuse for reopening the case3 decided by Lord Westbury. But this only brings to light the great mrchief done, first by Lord Westbury himself in not following the authority of Lord Cairns on the subject of novation, and then by Lord Romilly in setting aside Lord Westbury's authority in the same arbitration. The result of appointing arbitra tors has thus clenriy been to unsettle the la.w while there bas also been a failur^ a« for a, ta'e European Company is cbneern^d, in the primary object of having an aibitration at all, viz., to secure a quick decision, and so avoid expense and delp.v to the suiters. For this last work tho ordinary Lpw Courts were thought uDSuited, though they ought .not to be so, and therefore an arbitrator was appointed ; but it may well be doubted now wnotber the Liw Courts would not have managed as well in point of rapid settlement.' Other journals attack bis Lordship's decisions on legal ground?, especially tbat settliog the position of the policy-holders of the insolvent Profersionel L;'e Office. The immense lawsuit is evidently drifting out of Lord Romillj's depth. EMIGRATION TO NEW ZEALAND. It is fully six months since you were informed that the New Zealand Government had invited an agent of the Ajiicukural Labourers' Union to visit Nev Zealand and report upon its quali fications as a-i emigration field. Mr. Holloway was sent out, and has finished his work much to his own satisfaction and that of the enter prising people at Wellington. It is announced that sincj^jreturn he in 3 leported favourably respectuiB 4|p:upiony as an emigration field, having .MMMMF explored the fivo provinces of tho !^tjjfcJB Irlaud, and being aforded special/^BiByfor obtaining authentic infor niatioj^HHEBovernment. He declares that cor.siJ^^^BBgricultural capabilities, mineral re&oufl;^nHBPituate, and present prosperity, co ImEmHw offeta equal advantages. The PredHTSETHoD. Julius Vo?el, intimated '-nMuUMrcQce he had with. Mr. Ho loway, !b£j^3S|Sit alterations were contemplated ^jJEbHvio oirie ration. The repori strongly ripHHjS industrious agricultural labourers, J^^^ES'vahtF, and a few skilful mechanics tJMRIP^ d0 doubt mads a note of the extract j^^H^pfrom the Times the other day about j^^^HPu't-}* experienced bj Mr. Gowling in fl^^^K recruits for you in Somersetshire. The jj^^^^Kt is riemonst'-ited on a much larger VHHTthe lutwt returus of emigration, which 2HraPiy exhibit a large dininution in the I^HHo of departures, but reveal a uew and an* i^Htted fact that a good many emigrant* are returning. Last year the total emigration from I British ports was 310,612, againat 235,213 persons in 1872. But there is a counterpart of the case which bas hitherto been overlooked, ind that is the increasing number of immi grants into Great Britain. Four year3 830 the stream of immigration into this country was under 50,000 per annum. In 1872 it had in :reasedtoabout70,000,and lastyeaxit was86,416. rhe real emigration from the Unite i Kingdom is represented by the great numbers of em'. grants, less the number of immigrants. The net balance in 1872 was 225,GQ0, and last year 224.OCO ; bo that even last year the decline in emigration from this country had actually cot menced. It is proceeding now at a mueh more rapid pace, and the current year's returns must inevitably show a great fali;rg-off. The prin :ipal diminution is in the envgrants to the United States, and precisely the same reju't :*; }bserved in Germany. EMIGRATION FROM ATJSTRATTA. TO ENGLASD is a contingency which may not Ivre suggested itself even at the Hotel Europa, but it is bein-r anticipated by great financial authorities on this side. The Ecttomisi bas for come thne been throwing out remarkable hints about jmigration. lhe.e have at l8«t re solved themselves into an avowed theory that the labour ma-ket ;« rapidly equaMzin? itself all over the globe, and tb it by degrees labourers may find they can do bettor in the old :oun tiles they have been so systematically abandoning than in the new to wbich they have rushed, until, in the case of America at leaafc, they are temporarily overcrowded. A Bremen journal, commenting on the emigration from that port, states that in the nine months end'i-r BOth September only 25,112 emigrants were entered out, as aga*nst nearly 50,030 in t^e corresponding nine months of 1873. Tbe Eccnomist admits that much of the decline miy be due to the American ctlsis of last year; but that still leaves a good de:\ unaccounted for. ' It should be noticed,' it says, ' that tho return of emigrant'! wa« on a large scjle even in 1872, so that the crris can only have int3n sified a condition of things which was beginning to exist without it. The change is in fact nothing more than what theory should lead us to expect. The enormous emigration which ha' taken place by ra'.«in-j the compet:tion for labour in old countiies diminishes the m-rgli of advan tage which emigration offers even for the tori of labourers likely to be attracted to new countries, while old countties themselves, by the great accumulation of c.pifci1, and their adaptability for the residence of tha iicb, are constantly increasing the supeiior advantages which they offer to ssiUed labour a compared with new countries. The change, it is quite possible, may even go so far that the current of population will be turned from new to old countries It remains to be seen, how ever, how long a period will elapse bj'ore tb.0 change is bo evident as to be popularly appreciated.' ; In order to enable us to follow the new move ment accurately more complete statistic? are required, and a demand for them is being made on the Board of Trade, like Bo^rd ot Trado statistics generally, those of the Emigration Department do not command implicit con fidence. The Economist speaks out 'strongly on this subject, declaring the' entire data now available to be imperfect,' 'That nothing else will answer but the publica tion of a complete account, showing in detail the number of passengers by every vessel leaviog the country and by every vessel returning to it, including aH passenger ships, great and small, between this country and the continent, as well as vessels on more distant voyages. The sta tistics to be worth anything must be exhaustive, and indicate precisely the data on which they are based, wbich is not the case with the present report, so far as the question between immigra tion and emigration is conceiaed. Aftar. the experience of the last census, and sach figures as those which are now before us, it becomes essential to ascertain in a thorough manner not only what the so-called emigration (aid immigration are, but what is the entire move ment of population between this country and foreign pait%' We have a striking and un impeachable proof of the depression in tbe labour market in the reduced cost of tha rai' way working. Some of the great trunk i»«in have carried 25 per cent, less traffic than^u 1873, and yet show better net returas. i , kullmann'b sentence. \ Wurzburg telegrams, describing the firit day's proceedings at the trial of Kullmann, went ont by the regular mail on Friday night. Thi affair' unexpectedly concluded on the second day, KuDmann having been sentenced to a yea? less than the maximum penalty prescribed byi the code for attempted murder. Tke mioimamt punishment is three years, and the maximum ? fifteen. The Judges, taking into account per- ' haps Kullmann's past incarceration, gave him fourteen years; but to this thoy aided ton years' subsequent supervision by the police and depri vation of civil rights. A State trial of the same importance would probably have lasted as many weeks. True, there was the recent case of the youth who held up an old horse pistol at Her Majesty, it did not occupy much of the time of the Central Criminal Court; but Kullmann's was a real attempt at assassination, and party controversy w^.s in full blaze respecting it. An Englishman having regard to the probable operation of such motives at the Old Bailey cannot but be astounded at the insignificant manifestion thoy made at Wurzburg. Though among those engaged in the ca«e — Judges, counsel, and Jury— there were several Roman Catholics, there was not a single appsa1 made to factious consideration. The counsol in their addresses introduced Prince Bismarck vary sparingly; and in reprobating the assault upon him Dr. Gerhardt, who defended the prisoner, used nearly the same language as the public prosecutor. The ordinary witnesses played a much smaller rGie at the trial than they would have done, but the medical experts seemed to have been allowed to entertain the Court with set speeches, analysing from their several stand points the mental peculiarities of the prisoner. The prosecution produced two distinguished psychologists to ptoye that Kullmann had been a perfectly responsible being both before and after the attempt For the defence a plea of partial insanity was set up, which would not be acknowledged in our English Court. Dr. von Reinecker, of the Hurzborg University, and Dr. Hubrich, Director of a Lunatic Asylum. at Werneek, were the ivro experts brought for ward for the defence. They deposed to defeats of physical conformation, to moody tempera ment, and violent outbreaks of passion, as indi cating mental derangement. Their main argu ment for hereditary insanity from Kullmann's mother having been in a Lunatic A ^ylum was anticipated by the medical experts for ttie pro secution, who established tbaC she had' dfdd sane. They both ultimately admitted sufficient sanity at the time of the a«ault to Constitute legal responsibility. In fact, Dr. Hufaricb virtually abandoned this maiu ptaa, and granted that Kulbxann might havo sti Jggled aga'nst h:: evil propensities. THE PRISONER'S CHARACTER showed itself but in his demeanour before the Court. He sat unmoved from first to last, and it mattered not to him what the witness said or what questions were put to hii&Eelf.; He was utterly impassiva as a listener, and perfectly collectad in all his answers when under examination. A great many shrewd people in Wurzburg grew at last suspicious of his cwlness and of the rauiditv with which the proceedings were wound up. It was bruited that tne rrose cutor-General had much more evidonce at his command tnan he chose to make uso of. There may have been special suggestions made from Berlin that collateral issues, Catholic or other wise, Bhould be carefully avoided. There was nothing said as to Kuilmana's religious bias beyond the reading of extracts from sermons of the Ultraaoutaue priest of Salz*edel and articles of Kullmaun's favourite paper, the Germaniz. The public prosecutor pressed oh the attention of the Jury that Kullmann by his own confession had formed a deliberate design to assassinate the Chancellor — had systematically arranged its execution; and when all was ready . bad walked 160 mile3 to accomplish his purpose. Dr. Gerhaidt, the prisoner's counsel, gave an incidental history of the Fatek laws, finishing with, a question to the Jury. What coald a lad like Kulioiann. a poor journeyman cooper, know about such laws? Wnen the counsel had re torted upon e«ch other gavoral times, Kullmann, at the invitation of the Court, delivered a long rambling statement in accordance with the views of his medical friend-', Kemeckar and EInbrich. The Jury needed only five miourssto jonault on their verdict. KB. GLADSTONE ATO THB KSTABLISHMBHT. Tbe irrepressible adherents of the Liberation Society, who did more than any other set of tne Liberal iaaubordinates to upaet tbe late Premier, sannot convince themselves now that he has fallen that ho *;u not accept their arr'stanoe in raising himself again. First Mr. Miallandbis reiterated aasaulta on the principles of religious Establishment, then the Birmingham school nitb. their obstinate advocacy of a s«su larism which personally they did (not want, made Liberal Government impos uble. But the Liberation movement canaoi. with a Tory majority in front of it be convirjied , how little chance it has of recovery for sone pears to come. Disestablishment is hastonng upon us in its owa way— thanks mor* t» tUtualists than to political dissenters— but-he iusentsrs will not wait till their game is plied , for them. They keep their eyes intently fied / Jn Mr. Gladstone, and try to find in every »rd tie says about Church matters an omen ththo 18 ripening into a state of mind for going isih * Kith them again to battle. It wes currfly reported some time ago that he had expired a-m&elf; 'not in favour of Establishments.' A Liberal Association at Bedworthy seized onhe questionable ropoi t, and forthwith tent him Sir congratulations, assuring him that ' most gttly io we re-echo the sentiment you e*o reparvtiitn ^ tiave expressed that you are 'not in favor; of ^ Bstablishmenti,' and other portentous wordiaU Sendiog as your memor.'iHsrs believe, to b&en; ** the time when Cbr;*st;aus of a'l denamnuti ?- — :evered from all State interference and con 1— shall vie with each other only in the proa ton -f godliness, virtue, and truth; thc.e we su nt, Bon. Sir, are the principles ruling the he - of [he vast majority of our count, .nen; a- we be)-eve that laws based on ccsukij to tl n a j perfect religious equality, together with :u*l Electoral abilities, will alone units that reat :ection of the Liberal parly, the None! for ?# mists, who we believe have at all t'tnr s » :± found among the foremost of the advi ?£ '' Liberals, as well as second to none in their loyalt. tothe Throne.' Mr. Gladstone cuitly answered:— ' 'Sir — I acknowledge with tbanks and much respect the obliging address of your Association. I ou»ht however to subjoin tbat I have not main ute of the words in inverted commas which I learn from ii; that 1 amour ascribes to me. — Allow me to renKvi your very faitbjal*»rv*nt. W. E. Gu'v -iOSK ' .%-'' A KEW DKVKLOPJUKr OF PirUATTSif. G.i dit tbat Mr. Gladstone had undei taken to supply a second auicle on Itftuu'iszn tothe December number of the Contemporary. In this he will reply to his critics, who feave bean lesion; and there ?« a hope that he may aHo enlarge the scope of b?s confe:«ions touching Ritualism by giving his opinions on tho doctrinal bearings of the question. The mo:t severe criticism bestowed on his original espy was that which accused him of altogether avoiding the symbolism of the Ritualist', which by,,/ their own admission is Roman Catholic^ h'/ tendency, some of it going a considerably long -? , way toward Borne. Only last Sunday n-ght there was a new aad flagrant innovation intro duced by Dr. Lee at All Saints, Lambeth— a Service for the Dead. It was distinctly avowed beforehand as such, the Vicar alleging that it was not contrary to tho Act of Uniformity, which apparently he recognises as the only law biading on Churchmen. After sermon it is reported that a catafalque or temporary bier, ? covered with a purple pall, with a numbar of candles on the side and at the end, was placed in the centre of the chancel, the text, ' Jesu, mercy,' being conspicuous on it. . Dr. Lee then entered the pulpit, vested in purple cope, and gave a very brief address, in which he asked them to think of the faithful departed. He thought that those who dwelt in towns where . churchyards were unknown were apt to forget altogether tho^e who had gone before. Now, he wished them to join in a spechl service for them, which would not last a quarter of an hour, aud wb;ch he con tended — thanks to the liberal spirit of .the Act of Uniformity Amendment Bill— was parfectly legal. Dr. L:e, theB, supported by two boys holding large lighted candles, knelt in tho chancel and said the Lord's Prayer, Psalms 116, 120, 121, 130, and 133, and betwean each the words, ' Lord all-pitying Jesu blest j Grant them Thine eternal re-it.' Then there wo^ai short piuce, after which Dr. Lee s-j'd one of the sentinces from the Burial Office, 'I heard a voice,' &c.; An snttphon w*s next recited by the precentor, following by the sin.'nng of tbe 'Magoifica*' One of the prayors irom the Burial Office and 'The grace of cur Lord,' concluded the service, and as the clergy and choir retired ' The Dead March in Siul' was played en tbe organ. I MB. GRANT DUFF AND CASSANDBA. The Contemporary R'.ci:u-, which has la' ly stlractt I to ittelf a'l the liter-uy sencat.iors of the day— from Mr. Gladstone's Ritualism to ^Governor Mu»grave's critique on John Stoait j Mill— bad an article some time ago by Mr. W. R. Greg, one of the positivist orables of the Civil Service. You will observe his minor disquisitions in the fall Mafl Oazttlc occasionally over the iiitials ?? W. JR. G.,' but his Contemporary article was a sustained and high-pitched jeremiad about the inevitable decline of England in tbe scale of nations. It assigned three cardinal reasons for the doleful vaticina tidt— political supremacy of the lower classes, ; industrial retrogression in comparison with otbsr nations, and the divorce of the national int Al'igence from religion. Cassandra's warnings wer| vehemently discussed, and for the most parfirepudiated on their publication, but Mr. . Grant Duff, the oracle of the Elgin Burghs, thought there was a good deal left for him \ to say in reply. He accordingly lectured on ' Cassandra' the other night, before the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh. With respeatto the political supremacy of the ' reai- duumr* he declined to consider it dangerods, unless! the 'residuum' combined to plunder their store fortunate brethren under form of law. As to coal, the time was no doubt hastening upon ui when cheap coal would be exhausted, and consequent on that Britain might cease to be the gjeat workshop of the world. Still thU mult *as bo far distant that Mr. Grant Duff Eeouts the idea of its having any terrors for the present teneration. For the other evils pre dicted, Mr. Duff prescribed as antidotes oduca tion, wisejpoverument, and patience. \- Ufl. SPTjiGEON AT CBABINQ CROSS THEATRE. ! A little \ correspondence has taken place betwefcatwt metropolitan celebrities in slightly different lines of usefulness, which, however, does them common credit. Some time ago Miss Lydia Thompson and her ' distinguished Ame , rican burlesque troupe ' undertook to sacrifice themselves fop a season to the dulness of a London audience. Thay opened with Blue Beard, adaptiig it, by means of local allusions, to the metropolitan gods. F_or the purpose of making a bad \:uq Miss Thompson hands a card bearing Mr. jijpurgeon's name 1 1 Blue BsarJ, remarking tbit *' We always like to look upon the Surrey Bids.' The new Lord Chamberlain' it seems is a very susceptible person, especially on what he considers religious matters. Ha hinted an objection to the management about this use of thai popular preacher's name, but Miss Thompson,' with Transatlantic frankness, appealed at once'.to headquarters. One morning Mr. Spurgeon received from her the following note: — 'Charitg Cross Theatre. Rev. Sir — In the extravagance, Blue Beard, now playing at ttds theatre, the hero (enaclol oy mjEe;i; gives a cam oeaiing your name to Blue Beard, adding, «Wa always like to look upon the Surrej ride.' This announcement is invariably received with great applause ; but, io. deference to your porition, I write to ask if youj have any objectionto the use of your name. D to I will withdraw itatonee. — Yours respeetfulljt 1 Ltdia Thompson, ftev. C. H- Spurgeon.' 'ft ' this letter Mi«-s Thompson duly received tht followirjg reply:— 'Madam— Mr. Spurgeon duly received your courteous note, and would have-, replied but has been suffering from aa attack of: illness. Mr. Sporpeon dedre3 me to say that' you having tbe politonessto inform him of tha little incident, he is quite content to leave the t'itter in your hands. — Yours respectfullt Ch 1RLF6 Blachshaw. bite* Ljd'a Thompson! Mr. Spurgeon, therefore, remains an attraction! at Charing Cros3, »nd in likely to be honoured wfth a special invitation to the next Dramatic Fund dinner. TEK DDAMATIC SEABONV Our dramatic programme fur the /winter season is not very extensive, nor does it contain ineny novtltits; bat one can be merciful seeing 