THE NOVELIST. UNGLE SILAS. Br J. B. Lu FANU. CHAPTHB XXXII.-DocTon ERYHIILY .HMKIIGUS. When Milly joined me at breakfast, Der e; . vrere red and swollen. She was still sniffing w that little sobbing hiccough, which betrays, ei were there no other signs, recent violent weepii She sat down quito silent. " ls he worse, Milly ?" I inquired, anxiously. " No, nothing's wrong wi' him ; he's right wei said Milly, fiercely. " What's tho matter then, .Milly dear ?" "The poisonous old witch! 'Twas just to t the gov'nor how I'd said 'twas Cormoran that cai by the po'-shay last night." "And who is CormuMii?" I inquired. "Ay, there it is, I'd like to toll, and you wu to hear-and I just daren't, for he'll send me ( right to a French school-hang it-hang them a -if I do." "And why should Uncle Silas care?" said I good doal surprised. "They're a tolliu' lies." " Who ?" said I. " L'Amour-that's who. So soon as she mai hor complaint of me, the gov'nor asked her, sha enough, did any one come last night, or a po'-jhi nud she was ready to swear there was no one. A you quito sure, Maud, you roully did see nugi .or 'appen 'twas all a dream ?" "lt was no droam, Millly; so sure as you a there, I saw exactly whatl told," 1 replied. "Gov'nor won't believe in anyhow; and Iv right mad with me; and ho threatens me he haye me off to france; Í wish 'twas under t set. I hate Franco-I do-like tho devil. Doi you? They're always a-threatoning mo wi France, if I dare say a word more about tl po'-shay, or-or anyone.". ! I roiilly was curious about Cormoran ; but Cc moran was not to be defined to me by Milly; n did she, in reality, know more than 1 respectii the arrival of the night before. One day I was »urprised to seo Doctor Bryer on the stairs. I was standing in a dark gallery he walked across the floor of tho lobby to n uncle's door, his hnt on, and some papers in h hand. Ile did not see mo ; and when he had enton Uncle Silas's door, 1 went down and found Mir awaiting me in tho hall. " So Doctor Bryerly is here," I said. "That's tho thin fellow, wi' the sharp look, ar the shiny black coat, that went up just now i asked Milly. " Yes, he's gone into your papa's room," sai " 'Appen 'twas he come 'tother night. Ho ma be staying hero, though we see him seldom, for if a barrack of a house-it is." The same thought had struck me for a monier but was dismissed immediately, lt certainly wi not Doctor Bryerly's figure which I had seen. So, without any new light gathered from th apparition, we went on our way, and made 01 Iittlo sketch of tho ruined bridge. We found tl gate locked as before; and, as Milly could nc persuado me to climb it, wo got round the palin by tho river's bank. While at our drawing, we saw the swarthy face sooty lock*, and old weather- stained red coat o Zamiel, who was glowering malignly at us frou among the trunks of the forest trees, and stand inj motionless as n monumental figure in tho side nisi of a cathedral. AVhen wo looked again ho Ava gone. Although it was a fine mild day for the wintr; season, we yet, cloaked as we were, could not pur' sue so still an occupation as sketching for mon than ten or fifteen minutes. As wo returned, it passing a clump of trees, we heard a sudden out break of voices, angry and expostulatory ; am saw, under the trees, the savage old Zamiel striki his daughter with his stick two great blows, or of which was across the had. " Beauty" run onlj a short distance away, wile tho swart obi woott demon stumped lustily after he)1, cursing and brandishing his cudgel. My blood boiled. 1 Avas so shocked that for n moment I could not speak ; but in a moment more I screamed ".You bruto! Kow dare you strike tho pool girl ?" Sho had only run n few7 ajtops, and turned aboui confronting him and us, her oyes gleaming tire, her features pale and quivering to suppress it burst of Aveeping. Two little rivulets ol' blood wore trickling over lier temple, "I say, fay thor, look at that," sho said, with a strange tremulous smile, lifting her hand, which waa smeared with blood. I'm'haps he Avas ashamed, and tho moro enraged on that account, for he crowded auother curso, and started afresh to reach her, whirling his stick in the air, Our A'oices, however, arrested him. "My uncle shall hoar of your brutality. Tho poor girl !" "Strike him, Meg, if he (loos it again; and pitch Iiis leg into tho river to- night, when lie's asleep." " I'd serve you tho same ;" and out carno an oath. "You'd have her lick her fay thor, Avmild von? Look out !" And he wagged his hoad, with a scowl at Milly, and a flourish of his cudgel. "Be quiet, Milly," 1 whispered, for Milly Avas preparing for battle; »nd .1 again addressed him with the assurance that, on roaching home, I would tell my undo how he had treated tho poor girl. "'Ti's you she may thank f'or't, a wheodliug of ' her to open that gate," he snarled. "That's a lie ; wo wont round tho brook," cried Milly. 1 did not think proper to discus the matter Avith him; and looking very angry, and, I thought a litth put out, ho jerked and swayed himself out of sight. I merely repeated my promise ol' inform ing my uncle a's he wont, lo Avhich, over Lis shoulder, ho bavh'd " Silas won't mind yo that ;" snapping his horny Unger and thumb. The girl remained whero she had stood, wiping tho blood oft' roughly Avith tho palm of her hand, [and looking at it before she rubbed it on 1 apron. " My poor girl," I said, " you must not cry. ] speak to rny uncle about you." But she was hot crying. She raised her hoi and looked at us a little askance, with a sull coutenipt, I thought. " And you must have these apples--won't you We had brought in our basket two or three those splendid apples for which Bartram -vv famous. J hesitated to go near her, these Hawkes Beauty and Pegtop, were such savages. So I roll tho apples gently along the ground to her feet. Silo continued to look doggedly at us with t same expression, and kicked away the apples si lenly that approached her feet, Then, wipiug h temple and forehead in her apron, without a wo she turned and walked slowly away. " Poor thing ! Pm afraid she leads a hard lil What strange, repulsivo people they are!" When we reached home, at tho head of the gre staircase old JV Amour was awaiting mo; and wi a courtesy, and very respectfully, she inform* me that tho master would be happy to see me. Could it be about my evidence as to the arriv of the mysterious chaise that he summoued me this interview. Gentle as were his ways, the was something undefinable about Uncle Sil which inspired fear; and I should have liked fe things less than meeting his gaze iii the charnct of a culprit. There was an uncertainty, too, as to the state i which I might (ind him, and a positive horror < beholding him again in the condition in which had last seen him. I entered the room, then, in some trepidatio but was instantly relieved. Uncle Silas was i the same health apparently, and, as nearly as could recollect, in precisely the same rather ham some though negligent garb in which I had fir seen him. Doctor Bryorly-what a marked and vulgar coi trast, and yet, somehow, how reassuring !-sat t the table near him, and was tying up papers. H eyes watchod me, I thought, with an anxioi scrutiny, as I approached; and I think it was nc until 1 had saluted him that he recollected sm denly that he had not seen me before at Bartrai and stood up and greeted mo in his usual abrui and somewhat familiar way. It was vulgar an not cordial, and yet it was honest and indefinab] kind. Up rose my uncle, that strangely venerablo pal portrait, in his loose Rembrandt black velvel How gentle, how benignant, how unearthly, an inscrutable 1 " I need not say how she is. Those lilies an roses, Doctor Bryerly, speak their own beautify praises of the air of Bartram. I almost regret thn lier carriage will be home so soon. I only hope i may not abridge her rambles. It positively doe me good to look at her. It is the glow of Howe in winter, and the fm granee of a field which th Lord hath blessed." "Country air, Miss Ituthyn, is a right goo kitchen to country fare. 1 like to see youn \ women eat heartily. You have bad some pound of beef and mutton since I saw you last," sai i Doctor Bryorly. And this sly speech made, he scrutinized m | countenance in silence rather embarrassingly, " My system, Doctor Bryerly, as a disciple o ^Esculnpius you will approve- health first, ncconi plishiuont afterwards. The Continent is the bes lloltl for elegant instruction, und wo must see tin world a little, by-and-by, Maud ; and to me, if ur health ho spared, there would be an unspeakable though a melancholy charm in the scenes where st many happy, though so many way ward and foolisl young days were passed ; and I think I should re turn to these picturesque solitudes, with, perhaps an increased relish. You remember old Chaulieu's sweet lines ' Desert, abnable solitude, Sejuur du eal mc ob de la paix. Asile ou n'entrèrent jamais Le tuai ultu et l'inquiétude.' I cau't say that caro and sorrow have not some times penetrated these sylvan fastnesses; but tin tumults of the world, thank Heaven !-never." There was a sly scepticism, I thought, in Doctor Bryerly's sharp face; and hardly waiting for tho impressive "never," ho said " 1 forgot to ask, who is your banker ?" . s " Oh ! Bartlet and Hall, Lombard- street, an swered Uncle Silas, dryly and shortly. Dr. Bryerly made a note of it, with an expres sion of face which seemed, with a sly resolution, to say, "You shan't como tho anchorite over mo." 1 saw Uncle Silas's wild and piercing eye rest suspiciously on nie for a uioniont, as if to ascer tain whether I felt the spirit of Doctor Bryerly's almost interruption ; and, "nearly at the saine moment, stuning his pupers into his capacious coat pockets, Doctor Bryerly rose and took his leave. When ho was gone, I bethought me that now waa a good opportunity of making my complaint of Dickon Hawkes. Uncle Silas having risen, I hesitated, and began, .' Uncle, may I mention an occurrence-which I witnessed ?" "Certainly, child," he answered, fixiug his eye sharply ou tue. 1 really think he fancied that the conversation Avas about to turn upon the phantom chaise. Sc Ï described the scene which bad shocked Milly mid mo, an hour or *o ago, in the Windmill Wood. " You st'o, my dear child, they aro rough persons, their ideas ure not ours ; their young people must be chastised, and in a way and to a degree that we would look upon in a serious light. I've found it a bad pinn interfering in strictly domestic misun derstandings, and should rather not." " But hu struck her violently on tho hoad, Uncle, with a heavy cudgel, and she wns bleeding very fast." "Ah ?" said my uncle, dryly. " Anti only thaï Milly nnd Í deterred him .hy say ing flint wo would certainly tell you, he would have struck her nguiu; ¡md .1 really think if he goes on treating her with so much violence and mildly ho rimy injure her very seriously, or per-, lintis kill her.'' " Why, y<m romantic little child,' people in (hat ? rank ol' lifo think absolutely nothing nf a broken henil," answered Uncle Silas", in tho same way. " But is it not horrible brutality, Uncle P" " To be sure it is brutality ; but then you mu remember they are brutes, and it suits them said he. I was disappointed. I had fancied that Une Silas's gentle nature would have recoiled froi such an outrag« witli horror and indignation ; an instead, here he was, the apologist of that savap ruffian, Dickon Hawkes. "And he is always so rude and impertinent t Milly and to me," 1 continued. " Oh ! impertinent to you-that's another matte I must seo to that. Nothing more, my doa child?" " Well, there was nothing more." SS" He'3 a useful servant, Hawkes; and thoug his looks are not prepossessing, and his waj and language rough, yet he is a very kin father, and a most honest man-a thoroughl moral man, though severe-a very roug diamond tnough, and has no idea of the refine meuts of polite society. I venture to say li honestly believes that he has been always unes ceptionably polite to you, so we must make allovi anees." And Uncle Silas smoothed my hair with his tin aged hand, and kissed my forehead. "Yoi, we must make allowances, we must b kind. What says the Book ?-« Judge not, that y be not judged.' Your dear father acted upon tba maxim-so noble and so awful-and I strive to d so. Alas ! dear Austin, longo tnter vallo, far bellin and you are removed-my example and my help you are gone to your rest, and 1 remain beneat' my burden, still marching on by bleak and alpin paths, under the awful night. ' O nuit, douloureuse ! O toi, tardive aurore. Viens-tu ? vas-tu venir? es-tu bien loin eneore.' And repeating these lines of Chenier, with up turned eyes, and one hand lifted, and an indescrib able expression of grief and fatigue, he sank stint; into his chair, and remained mute, with eye closed for some time. Then applying his scentei handkerchief to them hastily, and looking ver; kindly at me, he said ! " Anything more, dear child r" ! " Nothing, Uncle, thank you, very much, onl; about that man, Hawkes ; I dare say that he doe not mean to be so uncivil as he is, but I am reall; afraid of him, and he makes our walks in tha direction quite unpleasant." " I understand quite, my dear. I will see to it and you must remember that nothing is to bi allowed to vex my beloved niece and ward during her stay at Bartram-nothing that her old Kins man, Silas Euthyn, can remedy." So with a tender smile, and a charge to shut th« door " perfectly, but without clapping it," he dis missed me. Doctor Bryerly had not slept at Bartram, but al the little inn in Feltram, and he was going direci to London, as I afterwards learned. " Your ugly Doctor's gone away in a fly," said Milly, as we met on the stairs, she running up, ] down. On reaching the little apartment which wa3 oui sitting-room, however, I found that she was mis taken, for Doctor Bryerly, with his hat and a grea pair of woollen gloves on, and an old Oxford graj surtout that showed his lank length to advantage buttoned all the way up to his chin, had set dowi his black leather bag on the table, and was reading at the window a little volume which I hac borrowed from my uncle's library. It was Swedenborg's account of the other world's Heaven and Hell. He closed it on his huger as [ entered, and with out recollecting to remove his hat, he made a ste]: or two toward me with his splay, croaking boots. With a quick glance at the door, he said Glad to see you alone for a minute-very glad.! But his countenance, on the contrary, looked very anxious. I CHAPTER XXXIII.-A MIDNIGHT DEPABTUBE. I " I'm going this minute-l-l want to know" another glance at the door-" are you really quit« i comfortable here ?"' I " Quite/* I answered promptly. "You have only your cousin's company?" he continued, glancing at tho tublo, which was laid for two. "Yes; but Milly and I are very liappy to "gether." "That's very nice; but I think there are no teachers, you seo -painters, and singers, and that sort of thing that is usual with young ladies. No teachers of that kind-of any'kind-are there ?" " I know ; tind tho carriage and horses have not come ; how soon are they expected ?" " I really can't say, and I assure you T don't much care, 1 think running about great fun." " You wclk to church ?" " Yes, Uncle Silas's c.irriago wants a new wheel, ho told me." "Ay, but a young woman of your rank, you know, it is not usual she should be without the use of a carriage. Have you horses to ride ?" .1 shook my head. " Your uncle, you know, has avery liberal allow ance for your maintenance and education." 1 remembered something in the will about it and Alary (¿niñee was constantly grumbling that " He did not spend a pound a week on our board." I auswered nothing, but looked down. Another glance at the door from Doctor Bryerly's sharp black eyes. " ls he kind to you?" "Very kind-most gentle and affectionate." " Why doesn't he keep company with you? Does he ever dine with you, or drink tea, or talk to you? Do you see much of him ?'' "ile is a miserable invalid-his hours and regimen are peculiar. Indeed I wish very much you would consider his case ; he is, 1 believe, often insensible for a long time, and his mind in a strange feeble state sometimes." " I dare say-worn out in his young days ; and I saw that preparation ot' opium in his bottle-ho takes too much," " Why do you think so, Doctor Bryerly?" " It's made on water; tho spirit i¿itert'ere3"with the us« of it beyond a certain limit. You have no idoa what those fellows can swallow. Head the ' Opium Eater.' i know two cases in which the quantity exceeded De Quincy's. Aha! it's now to you ?" and he laughed quietly at my simplicity. " And what do you think bis complaint is ?" I asked, " Pooh ! I haven't a notion ; but, probably on« ?way or another, he has been all his days workim? on his nerves and his brain. These men of nú sure, -who have no other pursuit, use theui^lve* up mostly, and paya smart price for their «in, And so he's kind and affectionate, but linnd«'von over to your cousin and the servants. Are hi, people civil and obliging P" " " Well,. 1 can't say much for them j there is n. man named Hawkes, and his daughter, who nra very rude, and even abusive sometimes, and sav they have orders from my uncle to shut us nut from a portion of the grounds; but [ don't believe that, for Uncle Silas never alluded to it when 1 was making my complaint of them to-day." " Prom what part of the grounds is that ?" asked Doctor Bryerly, sharply. I described the situation as well ns I could. . " Can wo see it from this ?" he asked, peening from tho window. b " Oh, no." Doctor Bryerly made a note in his pocket-book here, and I said "But I am really quite sure it was a story of Dickson's, he is such a surly disobliging mau." " Aud what sort is that old servant that canto in and out of his room ?" "Oh, that is old L'Amour," I answered, rather indirectly, and forgetting that I was using Milly's nickname. " And is she civil ?" he asked. No, she certainly was not ; a most disagreeable old woman, with a vein of wickedness. I thought I had heard her swearing. "They don't seem to be a very engaging lot " said Doctor Bryerly; "but where there's one, there will be more. See here, I was just reading a pas. sage," and he opened the little volume nt the pince where his linger marked it, and read for mo a few sentences, the purport of which I weil remember although, of course, the words have escaped me. it was in that awful portion of the honk which assumes to describe the condition of the condemmed; it said, that independently of the physical causes in that state operating to enforce community of habitation, and an isolation from superior spirits, there exist sympathies, apti tudes, and necessities which would, of themselves, induce that depraved gregariousness, and isolation too. " And what of the rest of the servants, are they better ?" he resumed. "We saw littlo or nothing of the others, except of old " Giblets," the butler, who went about like n little automaton of dry bones, poking here an there and whispering and smiling to himself as he laid the cloth; and seeming othersvise quite unconsci ous of au external world. "This room is not got up like Mr. Euthyn's; does he talk of furnishing and making things a little smart ? JSTo ! Well, I must say, I think he might." Here there was a little silence, and Doctor Bryerly, with his accustomed simultaneous glance at the door, said in low, cautious tones, very dis tinctly " Have you been thinking at all over that matter again, I mean about getting your uncle to forego his guardianship ? I would not mind his first refusal. You could make it worth his while, unless he-that is-unless he's very un reasonable indeed ; and I think you would consult your interest, Miss Ruthyn, by doing so, nnd, if possible, getting out of this place." "But I have not thought ot it at all; I nm much happier hero than I had at all expected, aud I am very fond of my cousin Milly." " How long have you been here exactly ?" I told him. It was some two or three months. " Have you seen your other cousin, yet-the young gentleman ?" "No." " H'm ! Aren't you very lonely ?" he inquired. "We see no visitors here; but that, you know, I was prepared for." Doctor Bryerly read the wrinkles on his spiny boot intently and peevishly, and tapped tho sole lightly on tho ground. " Yes, it is very lonely, and the people a bnd lot. You'd be pleasanter somewhere else-with Lady Knollys, for instance, eh ?" " Well, there certainly. But I nm very well here: really the time passes very pleasantly; and my uncle is so kind. I have only to mention any thing that annoys me, and ho will see that it is re medied; he is always impressing that on me." "Yes, it is not a lit place for you," enid Doctor Bryerly. "Of course, about your uncle," he re sumed, observing my surprised look, "it is « J right; blithe's quite'helpless, you know. At nil events, think about it. Here's my address-IInns Emanuel Bryerly, Jt.n, 17, King-street, Covent Garden, London- don't lose it, mind," and he tow tho leaf out of his note-book. " Here's my Hy at the door, and you must-you must" (he was looking at his watch j-" mind yo« must think of it seriously; and so, you see, dont let anyone see that. You'll be sure to leave u throwing about. The best way will bo just to scratch it on the door of your press, inside, you know; and don't put my natue-you'll rememuer that-only the rest of the address; and burn tm.. Quince is'with you ?" . "Yes," 1 answered, glad to have a satistactoij word to say. , , . ;P "Well, don't let her go; it's a bad sign i J>e wish it. Don't consent, mind ; but just tip mo » hint, and you'll have me down. And any louas you get from Lady Knollys, you know, for bes 'very plain-spoken, you'd better burn oft- »nu* And 1'vo stayed too long, though; mind w a say, scratch it with a pin, and burn that, nn l noe a word to it mortal about it. Good-bye ; oh, i » taking away your book. . , , , , ,r Hit» And so, in a fuss, with a slight rimko of J hand, getting up his umbrella, his hag, u box, he hurried from the room ; and in u. » lT : more, I heard the sound of his vehicle ns it un "T'ïookcd after it with a sigh; tho uneasy sen sations which I had experienced respecting nu sojourn at Bartram-Haugh were ro-iiwftkoneu. ky utily, vulgar, trn« friend was disomw«gJ8 beyond those gigantic lime trees which Iin ji}' tram from tho eyes of tho outer world. ¿'"J j with tho Doctor's valise on top, vmuelie ; sighed an anxious sigh. The shadow ol me arching trees contracted, and I felt helpless and forsaken ; and glancing down the torn leaf, Doctor Bryerly's address met my eye, between my fingers. I sllpt it into my breast, and ran up-stairs steal thily, trembling lest the old woman should sum mon me again, at the head of the stairs, into Uncle Silas's room, where under his gazo, I fancied I should be sure to betray myself. But I glided unseen and safely by, entered my room, and shut my door. So, listening and work ing, I, with my scissovs' point, scratched the address where Doctor Bryerly had advised. Then, in positive terror, lest some one should even knock during the operation, I, with a match, consumed to ashes tho tell-tale bit of paper. Now, for the first time, I experienced the un pleasant sensations of having a secret to keep. I fancy the pain of this solitary liability was dispro portionately acute in my case for I was naturally very open and very nervous. I was always on the point of betraying it apropos des boites-always re proaching myself for my duplicity ¿ and in con stant terror when honest Mary Quince approach*.! the press, or good-natured Milly made her oc casional survey of the wonders of my wardrobe. I would have given anything to go and point to the tiny inscription, and say:-"This is Doctor Bryerly's address in London. I scratched it with my scissors' point, taking , every precaution lest any one-you, my good friends included-should surprise me. I have ever since kept this secret to myself,2 and trembled whenever your 1 rank kind faces looked into the press. There-you at last know all about it. Can you ever forgive my de «eit?" But I could not make my mind to reveal it ; nor yet to erase the inscription, which was my alter native thought. Indeed I am a wavering, irre solute creature as ever lived, in my ordinary mood. High excitement or passion only can inspire me with decision. Under the inspiration of either, however, I am transformed, and often both prompt and brave. "Some one left here last night, I think, Miss," said Mary Quince, with a mysterious nod, one morning. "'Twas two o'clock, and I was bad with the tooth- ache, and went down to Îrat a pinch of red pepper-leaving the candle a ight here lest you should awake. When I was coming up-as I was crossing the lobby, at the far end of the long gallery-what should I hear, but a horse snorting, and some, people a-talking, short and quiet like. So I looks out of the window; and thero surely I did see two horses yoked to a shay, and a fellah a pulling a box up o'top; and out comes a walise and a bag; and I think it was old Wyat, please 'ni, that Miss Milly calls L'Amour that stood in the doorway a-talking to the driver." "And who got into the chaise, Mary?" I asked. " Well, Miss, I waited as long as I could ; but the pain was bad, and me so awful cold ; I gave it up at last, and came back to bed, for I could not say how much longer they might wait. And you'll find, Miss, 'twill be kept a secret, like the shay ns you 8aw'd, Miss, last week. I hate them dark ways, and secrets;, and old Wyat-she does tell stories, don't she ?-and she as ought to be par ticular, seein' her time be short now, and she so old. It is awful, nn old un like that telling such crams as she do." Milly was as curious as I, but could throw no light on this. We both agreed, however, that the departure was probably that of the person whose arrival I had accidently witnessed. This time the chaise had drawn up at the side of the house; and, no doubt, driven away by the back road. Another accident had revealed this nocturnal move. It was very provoking, however, that Mary Quince had not had resolution to wait for the ap pearance of the traveller. We all agreed, however that we were to observe a strict silence, and that even to Wyat-L'Amour,'I had batter continue to call her-Mary Quince was not to hint what she had seen. I suspect, however, that injured curiosity asserted itself, and that Mary hardly adhered to this self-denying resolve. But cheerful wintry suns and frosty skies, long nights, and brilliant starlight, with good homely fires in our snuggery-gossipings, stories, short readings now and then, and brisk walks through the always beautiful scenery of Bartram Haugh, and, above all, the unbroken tenor of our life, which had fallen into a serene routine, foreign to the idea of danger or misadventure, gradually quieted the qualms and misgivings which my in yiew with Doctor Bryerly had so powerfully resus citated. My Cousin Monica, to my inexpressible joy, had returned to her country house; and an active dip lomacy, through the post-office, was negotiating there- opening of friendly relations between the courts of Elverston and of Bartram. At length, one fine day, Cousin Monica, smiling pleasantly, with her cloak and bonnet on, and her colour fresh from the shrewd air of the Derbyshire hills, stood suddenly before me in our sitting room. Our meeting was that of two school-com panions, long separated. Cousin Monica was always agirl in my eyes. What a hug it was; what a shower of kisses and ejaculations, inquiries and caresses ! At last I pressed her down into a chair, and, laughing, she said " You have no idea what self-denial I have ex ercised to bring this visit about. I, who detest writing, have actually written five letters to Silas; and I don't think I said a single impertinent thing m one of them ! What a wonderful little old thing your butler is ; I did not know what to make of him on the steps. Is he a struldburg, or a fairy, or only a ghost ? Where on earth did your uncle pick him up ? I'm sure he came in on All Hallows Len, to answer an incantation-not your future husband, I hope,-and he'll vanish some night into gray smoke, and whisk sadly up the chimney. He s the most venerable little thing I ever beheld my life. I leaned back in the carringa and thought I should absolutely die of laughing. He's gone up to prepare your uiiclo for my visit ; and I really am very glad, for I'm sure 1 shall look as young as Hebe after him. But who is this ! Who are you, my dear ?" This was addressed to poor Milly, who stood at the corner of the chimuey- piece, staring with her round eyes and plump cheeks in fear and wonder upon the strange lady. " How stupid of rue," I exclaimed. " Milly, dear, this is your cousin, Lady Knollys." "And so you are "Millicent. Well, dear, I am very glad to see y eu." And Cousin Monica was on her feet again in an instant, with Milly's hand very cordially in hers; and she gave her a kiss upon each cheek, and patted her head. Milly, I must mention, was a much more pre sentable figure than when I had first encountered her. Her drosses were at least a quarter of a yard longer. Though very rustic, therefore, she was not so barbarously grotesque, by any means. (TO BU CONTINUED.) 