VISITOF THE COADJUTOR-ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY AND THE SOUTKERN BISHOPS TO IPSWICH. The arrival of the Coadjotor-Archbishop of Sydney, in company with his brethren the bishops of the southern colonies, had been annooneed for Sat2rday evening last, and it was enpeoted that they would have come up the river by steamer. A great many of the \- intlbitates of the town wore consequently on the tip toe of excitement during the afternoon, as it was in tended that a publin ovation should be made on their arrival at the whaerf. During the afternoon, however, intelligenne was received in town that the venerable jeralatos woald come to lpswieh by reed, and the pro' grernee was therefore changed. Shortlj after 4o'cloek a pvooes?lon of the girls attending the sehools of the Sistees of Merey at St. Mary's passed through the town and took up their station on Limentone Hill. The children ware all dresaed in white, and wore .sshes of blues A large number of the inhabitants of the town- on foot, on horeebaek, and in vehieles also peoceeded a little over Limestone Hill to wait for theasvivalof the bishops. TheVolunteer.Band and the isoye of?l.Mai's Bohool were also in waiting. At about . ti o'clock a number of earriages wer seen tsp icing hill in the distance, and in a few minutes the S_ BeDr. Qinn,of Brisbene,drovaup in a buggy, g his side the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, the S? opa being incloseattendance in a large two horse earriage. On driving up to the crowd, the bishops were received with uheers, and returned the salutations ,of the people by raising their hats and ..repeatedly bowing on all sidee to the crowd. A pro. *ession was then formed, the children of the schools taking the lead. A nomber of adults followed the children, and the Voluntcer Band eame next. Then followed the carriages in which the bishops were tested, after which eame several private vehicles, and a nmber of horenmen brought up the rear. As soon , as the proeesion was got in merehing order, the band struck up a quick march, and in a few minutes the long colemn moved off for St. Mary's. As the pro oession moved down Brisbane-street, the footpaths were lined with people, and frequent salutations were , exolanged by the bishops with the crowd en passing. The. procession passed through Brisbane-street, as far at West-street, where it turned off for St. Mary's. * On areival within the grounds, the people knelt down, and received the blessing of the Right Rev. Dr. Qolna, bishop of the diocese of Brisbane. Loud and continuous cheering then took place, some of tho crowd lciog exoedingly demonstratire en their cx ." usieop osf welosme. T?he Bishops then withdrew for a short time. At half-pst 6 o'clock Bishop Quinn, accompanied bythe Met Rev. Dr. Vaughan and the other bishops, pa? ed the handeome littleohurch of St. Mary's rond tkk their pests in front of the Atar. The building s s?bout half-filled with people. DrQmnvur said he was there for the purpose of in , trodseing tothem the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Arch is~ppofNansianusnnsandCoadjutor.Arohbishopof Syd * ey nsaedbthe RightRev. Dr. Matthew Quinn, Biehbp of Bati?rcti and the Right Rev. Dr. O'Meloney, jehopof.Armidale. They all knew who they were n,,,an foe what purpose they had come amongst them. ,Th q s.bedaome to the town to pay a tribute of respect ,,to t?seinmabitants, to wish prosperity to the people, ,o a d .ignity to the Church, and to bless the cause : ??ligion and education amongst them. They had els,oome,to grace by their presence the ceremonies : hiob were to take plsoe on the following day; and be was aure the Cstholies of the district all knew well ,tmto;aptreciate the honour conferred upon them. X,. r.W .O',Sl.rrva then came forward and read an . ,adress as follows- - ""'May it please your lordohipe,-An event which "A bb awitnessed but seldom in the lifetime, even of those who live to extreme old age, has brought your l to?s? i colony. s?'?e uhbjects of this diocese and members of \- -thb hnieh you role, experleuce that delight in your p.koininatmong us, which ever cbhracterizes the f. Al. ' jto? faltbful Catholies on being bleseed and honoured by ~ai visit from devoted pre'ates, who, along with b leinkthe watohful guardians of our faith and monals, are therepresentatives of our Divine Mediator, onu . i dering paides, our esincrerest fiends in adversity as 'well as to prosperity. We appreeiate more than lang?asge"can express, uoy, more than .he heart or mind ?an ecuceive, the blessings of such a visit, although 'ites effect. may now he invisible to human eyes. We rejoice, for it is an unspeakable pleasure to us, that as many prelates renowned for piety, learning, elf dposjsl, mad sacrificing seal, witness for themselves h wbJterue Asreal sentimentl of Catholice in this colony. I , 4 a e gret exceedingly to inform your Jordshipse .,aetgia tinetowfor the frst time in the hiatory of ;otp jegisatre, about to mar the fair fame of our ,. y sent, always remarkable for dealing out equal Jsqierto allleses and toall creeds. Among the ,At.,fA Legislative Assembly, in which we feel an otrlde, there will, it is feared, appear an enaet meoptsepiving two-thirds of the people of Queens. ..lnd eirjuse r ights. Catholics will bethe greatest pesp.pren der this law.. ! Ahemidst oef this painful state of things it will ". e qquaoing~o your lordships to learn that we, coun _ elldandg?o lhded by our ecoleiestiheal superiors, are Aeleslne4, atalliasards end atall oosts, to maintain ce own ,sobools and bate them subject to you alone. n qs t fothere in. worse. times than havefallen to our lot piiyouter education along with bearing the ono . 'eigioutas4 toynburdens laid upon them by the State. pe, ioaphrnptto dibonour their memories by being i bor.r ol t orparbildren than our parents were to us. aer I e we Ignorant of the greatness of the object -the.ig of the aornerstone of a new convent tih, brougght you to Ipswich. If ChOistian society tsepotandple female portieon of it must have schools a sound religions education can be imparted. h mother isn the eye of the houss, and if she he .corrupt the whole family will be wicked. We truest that before long there will bhe religious communities of men in every town of the colony who will take barge. of the educstion of the male portion, as the nnns take oharge of that of the female portion, of our rising youth. It would be vain for one generation to ljpild cathedrals and churches without giving a true religious traioing to the sunceeding generation, for the children would quickly pull down the edifices saised by iheir patents. W In conclusion we express our unqualified attach ment, obedience, and gratitude to your Lordships. Wishing you many happy years of usefulness among yonr people and the eternal glory hereafter. "Sgned on behalf of the Catholics of Ipewich and West Moreton." [Here follow the signatures.] The Most Rev. Dr. VA sAiN, in reply, said that Ain the named the bishope psesent, and for himself, hboe tbanked them most heartily for the very beautiful -,-address theyhad just presented to them, which was so. full of profound and true thought. It had been with very great pleasure that they had visited Bris bane, where they had been received with the utmost cordiality and kindness by all classes of the people. It was no less gratifying to them to come further into the boautry and to find the same spirit of enlighten. mentand progras pervadethemesses which animated the people of be metropolis. It had been a grand and glorious sight to them to see, as the sun was just sinking in the heavens, on the rise of the hill before them, so many horsemen and carriages, and such a multitude of people, with a band of kind friends friends who, he believed, had come of their own ac cord-all assembled to meetthem with a welcome so kind and so open, and to conduct them through the town to'tlieir beautiful chureh. The sight had been suchb that the' bishops' hearts had been stirred within them; and! as for himself, but lately arrived in a neighbouring'eolony, it was a matter of great delight to him, so fsrfrom home, to meet with a welcome sunob as he could hardly have expected from those even who had had an opportunity of knowing and lovring him more. It onlyproved to him and to his brethren the p?ower and the lovingness of their own mother OChurch, which anited-in one the hearts and affections of her peopIle towards them, who under God were the scceseors of the Apoetles, .and whose privilege it was to show to the people the light which made them free. He thanked them heartily as bishops and priests of God's own Church for that manifestation of love and effection towards them. When he proceeded one step farther in their addrepe-to the reference to the stain which they said was imminent under the Legis lature of the ep1ony, he wished to be allowed to make a few remarks. He bed bed the honour and privilege of becoming acquainted with the leading legislators of their colony. Those eminent statesmen had received them so kindly, and showed such marks of enlighten ment and true progress that he doubted if they could be capable of doing anything unfair or unjust to any sectian of the community. That was his impression; aid he 'wOald simply aid that he believed if this or that other change were about to be made it wotld be efpoted in the same kind, generous, And fre spirit as that in which they had been metland weldomed by these eminent and loyal mea.L All that' they sought wasee their own, and to dteand on the same level with their fellowmen shoulder to aboulder advanoing the prosperity, the 2\. ;.p? ..., glory, the richeds, end the name of that great colony in which they lived, and especially of that portion of it represented by the beautiful town of Ipswich. It was a strange coineidence that when they came to speak of education they proceeded, as if naturally fol lowing in course, to refer to the nuns whose convent they were soon about to erect in their midst. He could say from his own experience that had any gen tleman, not a Catholic. but possessed of sound com-. mon sense, been with him to visit the schools to which Bishop Quinn had taken him, he most have admitted that no schools could be conducted on higher moral principles, or with better results than those conducted by these holy women, who not for any mercenary mo tives, but for their love and attachmentto the Church, spent all their energies in teaching the young how to live not only for the present world bet for the next. To one could observe the modesty, the true Christian bearing, and the devotedness of these women, without being impressed with the good that must arise from their unceasing labours. He did sincerely hope that the time was approaching-and at present the clouds were breaking, and the brightness was becoming more conspicuous-a time when men would see that nothing was more conducive to the enlightenmentof the people than Christian doctrine taught to Christian children in Christianschools where Christ himself was taught to the pupils. He would again thank them for their cordial welcome, and express his happiness in meeting them. He would also refer them to the prospect of meeting with them on the morrow, a day which would be a golden day in that town, and one which would notusoon be obliterated from their memories. He thanked God for drawing them together, and keeping them in the true Church. He prayed God's blessing on their families, as well as on those who were gone, and that He would bestow on them all that reward which they were born into the world to labour for and to receive. Master THOMaS FAunr, on behalf of a deputation from the boys' school of St. Mary's, then read the following address : "Mayit please your lordships?,-We, the boys at tending St. Mary's School, most respectfully thank your lordships for the favour conferred on us by your welcome visit to Ipswich. So great an event can seldom occur during our lives, and we therefore, although diffident of our ability to do so properly, desire not to allow this opportunity to pass without at least attempting to express the feelings of reverence and respect which we feel for the heads of the Catholic Oburch in Australia. "We also beg to express our lasting sense of the obligations under which we lie to our own venerable bishop, Dr. Quinn, for providing us with the means of acquiring a sound education, both secular and re ligious ; and hope that we shall never make other than the best uses of this, the greatest of gifts which could be conferred on us, and never swerve from the teachings of your lordships and the tenete of our Holy OChurch. "We beseech your lordships to exhort our parents to make some sacrifices, if necessary, to enable our schools to be maintained, and thereby to preserve for us sure safeguards of our faith and morals. "The grand and imposing scenes in which we had the happiness to take part to-day,and the still grander ceremonies to be witnessed to-morrow, can never be effaced from our recollections, particularly as we shall see the foundation-stone laid of the convent, which in future days will be an ornement to our town as well as a treasure of usefulness, and to us a mementoof the eminent prelate by whom that foundation-stone was laid-the Coadjutor-Archbishop of Slydney. " We shall endeavour from henceforth to be more diligent in our studies, and if possible more obedient and respectful to our teaohers and our good priest, and conclude by hoping that your lordships may for many years to come enjoy life and health to guide the faithful of Australia, and "Remain your lordships' most "AF??CTIONATO AND DUTIPL CHILD?N?. The Right Rev. Dr. QuIxx, Bishop of Bathurst, in reply said he was sorry he was labouring under a severe cold and could not speak at any length to them that evening. He had felt truly stirred at the magni ficent reception they had met with that day. In the two addresses which they had heard read he had found the same sentiments-the father declaring that at all hazards they would have for their children a Catholic education, and the children begging the fathers to make any sacrifice that would enable them to obtain it. This was a matter of gratification to them all, but more especially to the bishops, as it was the only means by which they could obtain the end in view ; and he believed Ithat if they were determined to have it they would have it. They might perhaps have to wait and suffer some sacrifiees for perhape a year or two; but in a free country like this he was confident that the time would come when they must have their rights. With Arehbishop Vaughan, he believed that the enlightened statesmen of that colony would not permit any esuohinjusticeto them and their children. He, too, bed noticed and admired the kindness with which they had received them (the bishops) ; and he believed that the friendliness which had been manifested to them as the heads of the Church was aleo meant towards them as a people. He thanked the children for their beautiful address; he hoped they would persevere in the sentiments it contained, and that when they should grow up to be men and women and become themselves the heads of families they would impress on their children the sen timents, in regard to which they now desired them to counsel their parents. He hoped the blessing of God would rest on them and enable them to obtain a Catholic education, and that their parents would if necessary make those sacerifiees which they ask. The Right Rev. Dr. O'MinoNor, Bishop of Armi. dale, next addressed the meeting. He said the ad dresses presented had been replied to so ably and so ad-?irably that there was little left for him to say save as to the subhject of their visit and the manner in which they had been received. It was truly gratify ing to him to see the way in which they had bshown their respect to the archbishop and the other bishops who were more or lees comparatively strargers to them. Their reception had been extremely worthy of the Catholios of the place. These good men had come amongst them for a noble purpose, and he was proud to see that their warm Irish hearts and strong Irish faith had found expression in the way in which it had developed itself. As for himself be was only their neighbour, lining just over the tidges beyond them a short dietance, and he thought he should be on their side to thank the other bishops for honouring them with their visit. The bishop then went on to speak of the good works which were going on in their midst -of their beautiful edifices for public worship, their convents, and their perfect network of schools, where so much good was being done. He contrasted them with the less striking worke going on in his own dis trict, and spoke of the pleasure he would have is carrying back to hie people a report of how they labounred for their Church and for the education of their children in the true tenets of their faith. Benediction, in which the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Revs. A. and M. Horan, and Padre Capra took part, concluded the proceedings. THE SUNtDAY 5euVTOat. On Sunday a very crowded congregation assembled in St. Mary's to hear the Ooadjutor-A rbbishop of Sydney, and take part in the laying of the foundation atone of St. Bridget's Convent. Solemn Pontifical High Mass commenced at 11 o'clock, the celebrant being the Right Rer. Dr. O'Mahony, Bishop of Armidale. The Rev. George F. Dillon, of Sydney, was assistant-priest ; the deacon and sub-deacon were the Revs. Matthew and James Horan, and Padre Capra was master of ceremonies. The bishop of the diocese was present in the sanc tuary. The music of the mess was very beautifully randered by a select choir. After the last Gospel the Coadjutor-Arehbisbop preached a most effective ser mon, taking his text from that portion of the Acts of the Aposetles proper for the solemnity of Pentecost. THE SERMON. The Archbishop took for his text these words from the Acts of the Apostles, "I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh" (Acts ii., 17); and he said: My Lord Bishop of Brisbane, my Lords, and dearly beloved Brethren,-It is a difficult thing to treat adequately of the great subject which occupies our thoughts to-day; for it has to do with a supernatural action of the Almighty Spirit, which in its far-reaching power and its vast significance exceeds the capacity of the finite intelligence of man fully to comprehend and adequately to convey to others. Still, let as, reverently and with due humility, fix our minds upon it, and, with the assistance of the comforting Spirit, do that which in us lies to draw from it such lessons as may be of serrice in confirming our faith and raising our minds towards heaven. The text which I have brought before your notice is found in the second chapter of the Acts, and was quoted by the great Prince of the Apostles from teo Prophet Joel to prove to the mul. titudes which hung upon his lips that "Jesues of Nazareth was a man approved of God" through "the miracles and wonders and signs" which he wrought amongst the people. Indeed, the vivid picture which is presented to us in this second chapter of the Aete of the Apostles is but the forecastiog of the fatee's is simply a type of a state of things which was to come, manifesting the power of God's Spirit over men, and giving in one example a s gn of the work which had to be wrought out in all times to come by the holy Apostolic Church of God. Let us for a moment briefly examine the salient points which present themselves in this first picture of the newly founded Church. The Apostles, for fear of the Jews, had assembled in an upper room, and were waiting "altogether in one place" for the Promised One who was in one shape or other to visit them. "Soddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a mighty wind coming, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting." And behold, together with this startling phenomena, there sat on the forehead of each one of them burning forks of spiritual fire, parted tongues as it were of glowing flame. The brightness and light which thus visited them one and all were but the external emblems of that divine illumination which took possession of their hearts and enlightened their intellects. The life-giving Spirit in thus taking visible possession of each of them-in thus making each of them His own- created a revolution in the kingdom of their beings such as the world had never seen before, and established a throne in their consciences such as alone could be set up by the supernatural power of the great almighty God acting on the frail flesh and half broken spirit which He had fashioned pure in the beginning. Men who had left Christ in His distress and on the day of heavy trial now are made as giants ready to run the way of His moat difficult command ments: men who before had been filled with doubt and misgiving now possess the faith strong as if it were a vision t men who up to this time had shrunk from the idea of pain or persecution or ridicule now are ready with cheerful countenance and with elastic step to suffer all things ; nay, to court the pangs of a martyr's death in witness to the resurrec tion of Christ, and to the truths of that religion which He came on earth to set on foot, Such were some of the marvels and revolutions ereated in the minds of the twelve by the spirit of courage, vigour, and illumi nation which had been spread abroad in their hearts. And, more than this-they were Invested with the miraculous gift of tongues.. They were so enriched by the favours of the Paraclete that they were in a posi tion to manifest to the world around them some por. tion of the gifts which they had received: "And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak with divers tongues, according as the Holy Ghost gave the.m to speak.'" Turn now for a moment to the condition of Jerusalem at this period. The whole world, or at all events the representatives of it, had been drawn to the city, as if for the very purpose of witnessing this miracle, and of testifying to its reality by nothing less conclusive than their own personal experience. There were "Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and inhabitants of Mesopotamia, Judea, and Cappadocia, Pontus and Asia, Phrygia and Pamphilia, Egypt, and the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews also and prose lytes, Cretes and Arabians," besides representatives, no doubt, of many other nationalities not made mention of by St. Luke. Now this vast and multitudinous con course notonlycan bedivided by us, but haveabsolutely divided themselves, into two great classes : those who believe and those who do not. Imagine for yourselves, dearly.beloved, the twelve Apostles leaving the solitude of their upper chamber and presenting themselves in their new characters before the crowding nationalities which were pressing around them. Watch them as they begin to speak with divers tongues according n the Holy Ghost gives them to speak. See the effect upon the multitude: obsorve how "confounded in mind" they appear as they gaze at each othberin aston iehment; how they are " ameazed and wonder" because every man of them hears the Apostles speaking in his own tongue. "Behold," they exclaimed, "are not all them that speak Galileane P And how have we heard every man our own tongue wherein we were born P We have heard them speak in our own tongues the wonderful works of God. And they were all astonished and wondered, saying one to another, What meaneth this?" Such, dearly-beloved, was the natural effect upon a mixed multitude of the supernatural manifes tation of the Spirit of God speaking through the human organs which he had chosen. All wondered; some, indeed very many, believed; " but others mock. ing said, These men are full of new wine:'." What many acknowledged to be the evident will of God, othere declared to be the result of a debauch. Whilst some recognised the influence of the spirit of wisdom and the gift of tongues in the Apostles, others saw nothing but the evil effect of too much drink : what to one clsos was a sign of a heavenly gift, to the other was a token of idiotcy or folly brought about by the odious vice of excess. Heow did the Apostles bear with this open mockery? The Spirit of God taught them what they were to say, and who was to say it. For "Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice and spoke to them : Ye men of Judea, and all you that dwell in Jerns.a lem, be this known to you, and with your ears receive my words; for these men are not drunk, as you sup. pose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day." Then the Prince of the Apostles went on to explain the principal articles of the faith of Christ ; whilst be deigned to take notice of the attack of the scoffer and the mocker, and to treat the strong-minded men of infidelity with the charity of a follower of the Cross, he boldly and uncompromisingly laid down the law of life to the Jews, and did not shrink from taxing them with the death of the Son of God. " Ye men of Israel, hear these words : Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by Him in the midst of yu, e you also know: this same being, delivered up by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, you by the hands of wicked men have crucified and slain.' With power did the Apostle speak : the grace of God was with him; and when the multitude had heard him out they had compunction in their heart . . . and they received his word and were baptised and there were added in that day about thfee thousand souls." Now, this picture of Peter speaking to the nations of the world, and speaking with the uncompromising severity and articulasteness of truth, has been repeated in every age of the world sines the Church began a and the same characteriseties have ever distinguished the multitudes of the world. There have always been the hardened, the stony-hearted, and the infidel in the one extreme; and the easy- going Christian, who does not care to analyse or to test any argument, but prefers to follow his own peculiar bent, in the other, Superstition and incredulity have each of them had a large number of votaries; whilst be tween these two extremes a still larger number of men are to be found, who use the reason which God has given them and do not altogether stifle the dictates of consoisonce.. Such as these hearken to the word of God, and, with His grace, allow it to be engrafted into the substance of their spirits; and the chosen ones amongst them are ready to lay down their liver in witness to the truth which is within them. Now, what Peter did Peter's snucoenesors have ever done; for what is the Holy See with the Popeas sovereign lord, and the thousand bishops of the Church who are in union with him, but the college of the Apostles ex panded throughout the world P What is that spirit which has animated the sovereign Pontiffs and taught them to utter the truth without compromise and to hold out the torch of illumination to the world, but that same Paraclete who descended on the twelve upon the day of PentecostP What are the three thousand who were baptised in the name of Jesus Christ at Peter's words but the first-fruits of those myriads who in due time were to be gathered into the one fold of the mighty shepherd of our souls P Follow the whole line of the suanccessors of St. Peter to this day, read their history, note how and in what terms they have spoken to the world-especially in days of trial-and you will find that the old picture given in the Acts of the Apostles is ever and faithfully repro duced, and that the same salient points are visible in all. Take the very day in which we live-the day of material progress, of liberty and prosperity, of the nineteenth cenotury-and the old pictore stande out as clearly, indeed if possible more vividlyreproduced than ever. There is Peter on his holy mountain in the habosen city still teaching the world, and with distinct utterance laying down the law of life and truth ; far and wide over the earth are spread the bishops and the priests, who have expanded, and from an upper room filled the whole world. There are the multitudes still "amazed and wondering" at his words ; some mock ing, others " wondering and saying one to another, What meaneth thisP" whilst others, even at this mo ment, are " receiving the word," and will "persevere in the doctrine of the Apostles, and in the communi cation of the breaking of bread, and in prayers." Yes, dearly-beloved, and whilst we love to dwell upon these pictures of the Christian polity which thus present themselves, all as pointing to the one supernaturally organized Church of God on earth, in vain do we seek elsewhere for the faintest approach to a resemblance. Blessed be God that he has allowed us to be born in the true inheritance. Letus betrue touer high and glorious calling ; let us ever thank Him for His gracious mercy in bestowing upon us so priceless a privilege-one of which others who possess it not, did they possess it, would make so much better use than ourselves. Let us with all humility do what lies within us to manifest to the world, by the exemple and eonoae of our iyes, that Christ has not been merciful to us in covain; but that we not only prize the matchless gift, but would he overjoyed to share it with others who possess it not. And let us one and all love Jesus Christ. You, dear friends, who may not have been born in the ancient faith, look up upon the Author and Finisher of Faith, on our tender and compassionate Lord; love Him, follow Him; ask His Holy Spirit for light to see with, and grace to follow what you see; and the day will surely come when in His mercy we shall all of us see Him face to face, and taste of the delights and sweetness of His glory. Then shall we truly know the Father, and the only-begotten Son; and the gracious and comforting Spirit; then shall we see St. Peter and the great Apostles who stood up with him when he raised his voice on the day of Pentecost, and all those holy ones of God of whom we have read in this life, and have loved for their generous deeds and pure and losing hearts. Then shall we all find rest and peace; and sorrow and mourning and doubt and anxiety will have passed away for evermore. After the sermon the Rev. A. Horan announced that the collection originally intended to be made in the church for the new convent would take place at the site itself where the foundation-stone was to be laid by the Archbishop, lest any suspicion of pressure should exist. THE LkfING OF THE STOKE. A prooession was then formed, and the whole con gregation moved to the hill above the church, where the new convent is to be erected. The collection, purely voluntary, was beaded by the Bishop of the diocese with the very munifloent donation of £200; the Sisters followed with a subscription of £300. Large some were subscribed by Father A. Horan, Meaors. O'Sullivan, Gorry, Lellis, and others, and realized be fore the close about £1100, principally in cash offer ings. Great spirit was manifested throughout, and brisk cheering followed the announcement of each sum laid down. Messrs. O'Sullivan, Watkins, and others were very active in seconding the vigorous exertions of their pastor in getting in the amounts. At the con clusion of the collection the Archbishop, attended by his chaplain, Father Dillon, and Fathers James and Matthew Horan, blessed the foundation-stone; and all returned to the church in the same processional order as they came. A luncheon followed, and was very largely attended. The health of his Holiness, her Majesty, and the visitors were proposed by the Bishop of Brisbane and enthusiastically received. The Volunteer Band ac quitted itself very creditably afterwards, and was warmlythanked and applauded at the request of Father Moran, P.P. of Ipswich. In the evening the Archbishop preached again, and took for his tent the words, " And I John saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God" (Apocalypse, ehap. xxi., verse 2). The most reverend prelate drew a picture of the vast ness, the wickedness, and the power of the Roman empire and emperors, and showed bow the Sovereign Pontiffs and the universal Church supplanted, with a supernatural triumph, this greatest creation of the will and ambition of men. He then exhorted the people to be worthy in as far so they could of the virtue, purity, and sanctity of the Church to which they belonged. 