ODDS AND ENDS. | ' Drops of the' crater — Ashes and hot stones, | The best thing to take before singing- Breath. "Belles" call a great many people to church. The Height op Impertinence.— Asking a Jew what his Christian name, is. The grasshoppers have devoured nearly every thing in Kansas excepting the politicians. What's he Driving at ?— Look here ! Situ- ation as coachman, to drive a pair or one horse and carriage, and small garden, &c;„ Where will he drive the garden ? A celebrated physician says that pressing the upper lip is a preventative of sneezing, which perhaps accounts for the fact, hitherto so unexplainable, that lovers selclon sneeze when courting. ACaeing the Best op it.— First Artisan : Been to the sea-side this year, Bill?— Second Artisan : No; it don't run to _ it, my boy. A pint of s'rimps and 'alf a pound of . Tidman's sea-salt '11 | be about my form. . A Lift on the Road. — Native— " Yees, zur, this road will take you to Crampton." Tired Tourist — " Oh ! I am very glad ; I shall sit down and be taken then. 1 was not aware yon had | moveable roads in this part." A correspondent writes from a Swiss town : | — "I was much amused on looking over a visitors' | book at the inn to. find that under the heading | ' Occupation,' two German girls had written, | Looking for ahnsband.' " I . Fashionable Intelligence.— First Boy— | "Going to number six-! vy they're bout of town; J' they aren't passed 'ere this month !" Second Boy I — " Yell, then, it must be their ghosts as lives | in the back of the 'ouse and cats their wit- | ties !" | ,A Boston preacher, in speaking of the danger I of permitting the Bible to be crowded out of the | newspaper; perpetrated the following pun : — | "Men now-a-days," said he, "are likeZaccheus | —desirous of seeing . Jeaus, but they cannot be- I cause fit the press. j Ihaginarv Dialogue.— Centenarian (to Mr. | Thorns)—" Yes, if you please, air, I'm a hundred | and twenty next birthday. ' Mr. Thorns (to | Centenarian)— "Pooh !> You must be mistaken ! | At ' least, you're old enough to know better." | (Exit Mr. Thorns to write to the Times). . . i A Chance por Somebody's Ghost.— Youh<j I Lady—" Have you ever had your portrait taken,! j Alias Elderbury ?" Miss E. — " Well no, dear ;i | to telLthe truth, I haven't. But this winter I'm I going to Rome for the express purpose of having I it done by one of the very best ola masters." | An old ' gentleman recently ' caused great', alarm amongst a carriage fall of ladies by ac-; counting tor the - excessive care of an air-cushion! ,| ho was carrying, by telling them, "That air- : | cushion contains the last breath of my late |j wifj, who expired in a fit after blowing it out." I Cute ? " You Bet."— Sidney (with a whine): J| " I wish I had tuppence ! " — Queenie : " I'll toll '| '00 how '00 tan- dit it." — Sidney : . "How?" I Queenie : . .Why, db.uptaira with. 'qo whistle and I toll ma '00 want her to hear how nicely '00 can I pfcy 'Hon?, swwt Hwm. r/r-SKtaey; flWell?" — Queenie : " She'll give '00 tuppence not to play it." The Antiquary.— Tourist (in Cornwall) : May I bo permitted to examine that interesting stone in your field. These ancient Druidical remains are most interesting ! Farmer : Sart'nly, sir. 'May be very int'restin' an' arnshunt, but -we do stick 'omoup fer tbe cattle, an' call 'em roubbin" pusts ! ! A Sanitary Question.— Mrs. Malaprop wishes to know if the typhoon at Hong Kong is supposed to have been caused by bad drainage. Also whether that typhoon was worse than tho typhoon of Japan. She says she has been led to maku these inquiries by some unanimous letters. — Punch. A Sunday rehool teacher was giving a lossou on Ruth. She wanted to bring out the kindness of Boaz in r unmaiuling the reapers to droji larger bandittis of wheat, " Now, children, ' she said, " Boaz did another nice thing for Ruth; can you tell mo what it was ? " " Alarried her ! ' said one of the I toys. .. . ; Gallantry. — A tint, Maiden, "(remonstrating with Dublin street Arab) — "Don't you know, sir, it's very dangerous to throw stones?. 1 That ono very nearly bit me. sir. And sumiosinc it had put my eye out, and blinded me, what would you have done then!!' Street Boy— "Shuro, I'd bjiv« married yer, av coorse 'j'-. The Pleasures or Boating.— Papa (who has taken mamma and tho girls and Airs. Podgcra for a nice row),; from the. stern sheets : What I like about rowing is that one gets healthy exercise, and passes through beautiful scenery, withoiit too much exertion. (To his son and heir.) Coiue, come, James, pull away, my boy, wo shall be Into for dinner. A Pathetic A weal.— " Alamma, shall you let me go to Wilkinson's ball if they givo one this winter" " N'o, darling." (A pause.) " You've beeu to agrc.it many balls': haven't you, mamma?" "Yes, darling ; and I've seen the folly of them all." (Another pauso.) " Mightn't I just see the folly <>f one, mamma?" (A . veiy long pause. )— I' u/t Si. "Have I a Rival ?"— Lady : Are yoii the Reverend Mr. Dashlcigh's bootmaker? — Boot maker : Yes, Miss. — Lady : I want you to make up these slippers for him, audsond thorn to me. — Bootmaker : With pleasure, miss. I am just- now making a pair for hiin. — Lady (with conster nation) : What !-- -Bootmaker : Only a pair of leathor ones, f assure you, miss. Easy Punishment. — Old Georgo— " Just keep your old cuddy off our varm. Young Jakes, ho eats 'arf our horse's fodder." Young Jakes — "Whoy I bo told donkeys wont eat anything but | thistles and nettles." Old Georgo — " 1 caught him grubbing in there last night." Young Jakes — " Ah, he'd Hung me over his head, so 1 just turned him in there for a punishment." A runaway couple went to Eugene last week to get married. The clergyman and clerk both wanted proof that tho young lady was of proper ago. Strategy, which has proved so efficient in other scenes, was resorted to with success. The figures 18 were placed in the bottom of the shoes of tho maiden, and one who was in the secret affirmed tfiat she was over eighteen, Journalistic rivalries are sharp and decisive in Chicago. A young man acting as reporter of the Ghicayo Post called to soo Mr. Storey, of tho Times the other day, and asked'hini if lie had shot Dr. Johnson, as was rumored. Tho old man immediately pulled off his spectacles, squared round to tho reporter, and replied : I " Young man, do you think I am fool enough | to do it in time for tho evening papers i A countby without ruins or romance. — | We don't havo ruins in our country. Whon is building gets old and begins to leak, the teuariU | swear they won't pay the rent, and are moved | out, and the glass is stoned from tho windows by | the neighboring boys, and the houso in pulled | down, and the timber sold to some poor mnn, J whose boy saws it up into firewood, and uses the most dreadful language whon his saw strikes a I nail. Ruins are an injury to our country, L | think. — Banbury News. A Leap in AIistakk.— Tho Seabrigginsvillo four-horse sleigh-Btage had left the old Eagle tavern at tho appointed hour, and a merry party, though mostly strangers to each other, wore on their winding, wintry way towards Dover, Now Hampshire. It had been snowing incessantly for forty-eight hours, and much doubt wa3 expressed as to. our reaching the destination "on time." Liko a gourmand, after dinner, tho coach , was "all full inBide," and on tho top, besides Sea- briggins, sat tho driver and an inebriated indivi dual, who vibrated backwards and forwards with the regularity of a pendulum, until, by an unex pected movement ot the team, our c ompagnon da voyage plunged head- foremost into a pliablo but vorv steep snow bank directly to tho right of, tho ill-defined track. The driver drew up his horses, as soon as circumstances would permit, arid; Sea- briggins at once jumped off to ascertain thw damage done to our ci-devant outside, who was floundering inside the snow-drift, furiously rub bing his face with his hands and shouting like a porpoise. " Are you much hurt, my friend ? " commiseratingly inquired S. " No, stranger, I'm not (hie !) hurt, bnt it must have boon a mighty narrow (hie!) 'scape for the rest of you fellers 1 I "How's that?" asked S- " Why, confound it, | old bov, didn't (hie !) the infernal cho'bang tij> you all over? " " Tho eoach was not upset, re plied S. "Not upset?" echoed Rowell, witti astonishment. "Well, darn my picter, if, I'd/tea I known that, I'll be cussed to shoestrings if . I'd. I fin' inmned off ! — -Banburu News. I Josh Billing3 on Courting.— Courting is u I luxury, it is Ballad, it is iso water, it is a be- I veridge, . it is the pla spell ov the soul. .Tho | man who has never courted baB lived in vain; I he haz bin a blind man among lanskapes anc? I watorekapes ; he bnz bin a den man in tbe laridi I of hand orgius and by the side ov murmuring; I canals. Courting is liko two little springs ov I soft water that steal out from . under a -rock. I at the fat ov a mountain, and ran; down:! the | hill side by side, singing and dansing, < and j spatering each other, eddying and frothing, I and kaskading, now hiding nnder bank, now full I ov snn and now full ov shadder, till bimoby.tha. | jineand thon tba go slow. 1 am infaveror | long courting ; it gives the parties a chance tc« | find out each uther's trump kards, itiiz good | exercise, and is jist as innersent as i 2 merino- | lambs. Courting iz like strawberries and ci-eam, j wants tew be did slow, then yu git the flaverj I As a ginral thing I wouldn't brag on uthec I gals mntch when i was courting, it raita I look as tho'yu knn tew mutch. If -you wilF | court 3 years in this wa, awl the time on '.ho I square, if yu don't sa it iz a Jettle the sFlkest | time in your life, yu kan git measured for a hat I at my expense and pay for it. -Don't o-jurtfor | munny, nor buty, nor relashuns, these tilings are I jist abont az onsartin az the kerosene refining | bissness, liable towgitoutovrepairand'oustatenny I minait. Court a girl for fan, for th'djUv yu beau j her, for the vaitue and Mashes' j thare is '. in | her; court her for a wife, and. for a mothtr; | court her as yu wud coeirt a farm - — J for the strength of the sile and the parfeckshuu. | ov the title ; court her as tho $3 ae warnt a fule, j arid yu anuther ; court her in tb .e' kitchen, in tho j parlor, over the wash-tub, an <? rat the pianner; | court this wa, young man, an.Jt if yu don't get a j good wife and she don't get a, good husband, the J rait won't be in the courtin g. Young mail, yu I kan reljp on Josh Billings, an id if 'yu kailt' make | th4se:irffite Vorfo-just''s'enfiifdft himY'andhe- Sril! I sho yu how the thing in did . and it shant kost I yq a 9®nt, —Josh Billings. 