? M Y L I F E : Being the Personal History and Experiences of Martin Raven. __ (Jfritten for the " Weekly Examiner.") PART THE CHAPTER XXII. SECOND. THE LADY IN BLACK. 4,—Emma. The party was over, the guests were gone. Mack was waiting in his room in Bilence. He must be at Nunhead by daybreak, for it was evident that , by come confounded mistake on his part (and he stamped his fool impatiently 8B<3 savagely at his stupidity) she had discovered her rival's name and residence. How could he have blundered ? ID his hurry to see the Leys before business hours, he must have slipped the invitation to Martha into the envelope addressed to Emma, and Emma's note into Martha's envelope.. A very pretty mess he had got into—"but after all what did be care ? Martha knew that the intended match was not his teeking. He had done the spooney in obedience to thB wishes of. the heads of the two families, aid she had acquiesced in the arrangement, but she was far too clever a woman not to kflow that she was sot loved in the common acceptation of tbe term. But. he must put Emma on her guard, or she might be annoyed, perhaps injured in some way*; for there m no tellings what an angry woman might do.. Moreover he didn't want a nest of hornets about Aw ears; he Ekuld have quite enough to do to explain matters to the satisfaction of Ms om people. As soon as the house was quiet, Mark drew on his overcoat and slipped noiselessly out, and then hurried my in the direction of Nunhead. It mb a Bharp, clear morning, and the ground was hard. He soon walked himself into a pleasant glow, and the eihiliration of the frosty air. overcame the transient gloom'.which had oppressed Km, and which had induced him to this hurried visit to Emma .May- A short distance from Nunhead hill stood a lofty house completely firrounded by a high brick wall. It tad been untenanted for several years,, and being somewhat, lonely, as the great c "jliaa not yet encroached upon the E'een fields which surrounded it, had Quired the reputation of being haunted.! Wanted it undoubtedly was,' but by T 6 7 agreeable and pretty ghosts. Mayflower, a widow lady with a income and an onlv daughter, JM taken the long empty" house, and! ! ""ieavored to give an air of cheer- 1 aess toits somewhat gloomy exterior • r re-painting it, suspending warm J' , C f rtainR at ^e narrow windows, "« placing a few evergreens in the Emma Mayflower was a tall, nmn about <». j twenty years of tSw P ? 3ented a striking contrast who tatr m f w > a little, dark, ^ rosy-feced woman, on whose face W* per P etual "mile, and whose d^iu never see med ruffled. Her state ' I a , s like her father both in • « and features, and the intellec- 11 1 tte £at^ler the ^Ur<J , was reproduced ^nf^i a . Ugbte 5- She was' capable of ' iln g, of the most ardent attacb- ® et< resent *'aat m ent was as irk (,„ • 1 , er affections were strong. i d»«!L beei1 introduced to mother under peculiar circum- (»lcul§ted to! f f cast of, lowers pecutou»« ?i. r^ter - I fcaw said that 4( 3 O inhabited was lonely • Ugh Dtt e % without foundation^ a „ report became, ri f e in the neighborhood that its new inmates were wealthy. The only domestic was a maid -servant, and Mat-kDartonretu rn - ing one evening from a ramble over the Surrey Hills, was attracted to the' roidence 1 of the Mayflowers by piercing screams. : He was naturally i^arless, and made for the spot from which the cry for help seemed to proceed. He tried the only entrance to the garden or ground surrounding the hoase, but found it securely fastened; but tlie cries continued. One of the upper windows was thrown open, and a female voice implored assistance. Mark was powerfully built, and resolute ab he was powerful. He dashed at the door, repeating his attacks until it yiilded to his efforts! To run across the little grass plat, to shout cheerily in, reply to tibe appeal Sf6r help, to spring in at a 'window opened by some unseen hand, was but the work of a moment. Hastening into the* passage he was met by a cold draught of air from the open back door, out of which he was persuaded went two figures, who&e; forcible entiy . into the house had been the cause -of the alarm. Presently: lighte ' J were brought by the inmates. Mrs Mayflower's usually rosy face was pallid with terror —the maidservant- was -scared into speechlessness. When they had somewhat'recbvfired their self-possession they explained that a short time after dusk, the maid, had been astonished by . a knock at the back door. Upon opening: it three rough looking fellows presented-' themselves, 3aad enquired if Mrs May 1 -' flower or 1 her daughter were at home'. TTjjoA .replying in the affirmative, one of ' the ruffians asked if there wasn't company upstairs.. The girl replied 'No,' and forth with they entered - The frightened maidservant screamed, Emma Mayflower just had time to close and secure the door of the room in which she and her mother were sitting, and then opening the window called for help, which happily brought Mark to the rescue. Of course^ the ladies were profuse in their expressions of grati- tude to their deliverer, who struck With the singular elegance of Miss Mayflower's deportment, and charged oy her conversation, became a constant visitor. He found the society of Martha become more and more irksome, and that of Emma more attractive'at every visit. Like many men similarly circumstanced, he made no eflbrt to break through the all-engrossing thraldom ! Emma Mayflower. had thrown around him. He knew that his marriage with Martha had been regarded as an accomplished fact by both families, that he had tacitly admitted the engagement, that it was,his duty to undeceive the woman to whom; he had been engaged (more by his: friends than by himself however _ But here tbe indecision which was the weakness of-his character became apparent. He still continued to pay unwilling court to Martha, while his whole heart was given to Emma. So matters had continued for weeks and montlu; but his secret had never been discovered by either family, although he had confided to Emma the nature of his relations withMartha. But this unfortunate mistake—this substitution of the notes—had revealed'the secret to the pflrtj most interested in its dis-i covery, and had left him no alternative but to ^encounter the anger^ indignation, and contempt with which his deception' was J sure ; be visited r . It yet : ; early when he knocked at the deor of Mayflower's residence, but Emma was already astir, and met his rather flurried countenance with a look of surprise and enquit^-that induced Mark-to plunge at once into an explanation. 1 " Ei&niti;^jdearest, I have just run, over to tell you that through a stupid blunder on my part the inine is ex- ^lbded. I den't know that there !s much cause for regret, because it must haye come sooner or later. But I would rather it had been deferred, and the matter broken more gently to her. I suppose you received an invitation to the ball J" "Yes, Mark, and sorely puzzled I was as to what it could mean. Of course I knew it was not intended for me, as Martha's name was in it; but I have been wondering why it came to me." u Well, I'm almost ashamed to tell you how it happened. Thinking only of you -—(Mark's conscience stirred a little as he said this)—" I neglected to call on Martha with the invite, so hurriedly the next morning f posted a note to you andjeft one for her. You can understand it now." " Well, well, Mark; how very stupid of you." "Very stupid indeed, Emma; but you will forgive me, will you not ? It only precipitates what I trust we both desire." " And what of Martha ?" " Don't mention her, for pity's sake. Jfterce she is as ten furies, and as I thought it just possible you might be atmoyed in. some way or other, I resolved to let you know what had bap- " I don't see how it is possible tor her to annoy me." " Well, she ' has ascertained your address, and may seek an interview, or write, or do., something.' It is best to bfe forewarned,!' • " Oh, decidedly so; but Martha mistakes me if she supposes me capable of .Jjfeing easily intimidated or diverted from my purpose." There • was a slight compression of ber lipo mas she finished speaking—a .gleam from her .peculiar colored eyes, frigidity in her erect posture —that did nbt escape Mark's eye. "You must be cold and hungry,- cdme. and I will make you a .cup of coffee* said Emma, unbending from her dignity and smiling pleasantly. Mark followed her ioto a twmtortably furnished room, where a good fire was casting a cheery glow over crimson curtains and dark mahogany. The maid servant placed-the breakfast things upon ..the table—snowy china and steaming .urn. Mark drew his chair to the table, and mentally contrasted the sullen Martha and the bright elegant Emma, with a determination to ralake the latter his own. A very cheerful meal they had. Both shut their eyes to the difficulties, perhaps dangers, that beset their future, and abandoned themselves to the enjoyment of the hour. Then Mark rose up, and consulting his watch found, that he had not a moment to losej as he must be in the city in an hour. Tenderly and with the deepest respect he embraced her, and then hurried away. He felt that whatever Martha might be, Emma was a woman he dared not to trifle with. (To be Continued.) 