DR VAUGHAN'S ANSWER TO DR. V BARRy. Our readers will have seen that in the past six issues letters have been addressed by Dr. Bainy to Dr. Vaughan on some of the chief points which divide Protestants from Romanists. This week, the series of letters is. interrupted, but it will be resumed next week. No one who has read the letters will doubt the importance of the questions raised.'; No one will deny that they have been carefully and respect fully worded. As Romanists are prone to say that Protestant disputants " insult them "and " slander their religion," and as this excuse is seized upon as a reason for their silence, the purpose was that in these letters not a word should escape which could possibly be construed into unkind- ness or offence ; yet no answer appeared. The Archbishop, in his loftiness, did not consider it worthy of his notice to reply to the letters, although we know that they were all read. Dr. Vaughan was too busily employed in looking after the debt of 61200 for a mansion, and a carriage _ . . \ \ . and pair, and in looking to the future of the X50,000 which Freeman says he ex pended in 'coming to this colony, and in undertaking the Archiepiscopal dignity, to answer letters from the Protestant Stan dard. But when " his Grace " took the beneht of a holiday in Queensland he con trived to give Dr. Barry an answer ; and here it is in the very words which flowed from the anointed lips of his Grace - 'The speaker went on to say that he in tended to . let his hearers into a little bit of priestcraft. When he wished to impress the truth on people he did not begin by making. fuue.s at them. His secret was that he knew he had the trutli and, knowing this, instead of blowing at people, he said to himself, ' I think I have got the truth and that man thinks he has got it." If a man put his tongue out at him he simply said 'Do not do that, it is very rude.' Another opponent might be a man without culture and he did not think it at all necessary to throw his pearls before that gentleman, hut he would simply "shut him up.' A gentleman employed on a Sydney newspaper thought he could crush him by writing three or four letters about him. He (Dr. Vaughan) thought that very funny. His (Dr. Vaughah's) process was to make himself as agreeable as possilde because he said to himself " I have got something good, so. I say, don't you think T look like an honest man ? I have neither a horn nor a hoof, but I have a head and a heart." Then people began to think that he was like one of themselves, and they could have an argument with him ; and they occasionally said, ' Well, I see you have the truth, and I will have some of it and go shares." And on occasions when we speak of these things we say to each other, ' Well, I like you very much,' and my friend will say, ' Well, you are not a bad fellow if you were not a Catholic.' All this might be Jesuitical; but the consequence was that they sat down together as they were now doing, and proposed the health of the Governor." Now, let not any " Catholic " say that this is a Protestant slander. Let not any one say that his " Lordship," " his Grace," has had words put into his moutli. We present the very words which the new Aichbishop, in the height of his glory and triumph, tliought best to utter as a reply to Dr. Barry, wliose respectful letters had only one fault — viz., that they were unanswerable. What, then, is Dr. Vanghan's reply? If his " Grace " is not ashamed, he ought to be. We are quite sure that his admirers here will not think that he has added to his dignity, or illustrated his " deep think ing " by his I'eply, or by his method of it. He wished to be sportive j but the matter was not in sport. He wished befoi-e his Excellency, the Marquis of Normanby, to illustrate ijriestly hauteur ; but the occa sion did not admit of hauteur. No doubt, his Grace was delivering an after-dinner speech ; as a " monk " he was speaking ; as one who delighted in a cell he was speaking ; he was boasting of his i-eading in Plato, Socrates, and in the Christian Fathers ; he was telling the Queensland world that he had valued the dust , of those ancients as gold ; and he was, in a very confidential manner, telling the audience and his Ekcellency the principles which he had learned in this "cellular" study; but was this boasting of self, and the subse quent descent below the language of a scholar, the proof that his speech was an after-dinner speech ? The reporter tells us that the wines were choice ! Look at the classical expressions of his Gmce, which finely illustrate the benefit of classical and " cellular " learning : — " I don't make faces at people ;" " I don't blow at people " If a man puts out his tongue at me, I simply say, ' Do not do that, it is very rude ;' " " I do not throw my pearls before another opponent, I simply shut him up " I have neither a horn nor a hoof, but a head and a heart " a certain gentleman employed on a paper in Sydney thought he could crush me by writing three or four Jetters about me ; I think it so funny !" Is this a " bit of priestcraft or is it the natural con sequence of talking much in an egotistical strain, in an after-dinner speech? Whatever Dr. Barry may feel, it is cer tain that our readers will see that all the "fun" is at the expense of his Grace. How funny it would be to see the new Archbishop practising " priestcraft " by making faces at people ! What sort of faces they would be nobody can tell ; but they certainly would be odd ones, in the history of priestcraft, if they " impressed ti-uth on people I" Imagine his Grace of Nanzianzus "blowing" at people iii order to convert them to priestcraft ! We know that he keeps his sacred breath for ordina tion occasions when he breathes upon neophytes and deacons and gives them the Holy Ghost ! Would it not therefore be a, waste or a hurricane were the ample lungs of this Jupiter Tonans of the church to blow on any poor heretic? We do pray to be saved from the southerly burster of such an awful event I Imagine yet onqe more how this high dignitary of the chm-chi would look meeting a "man putting out his tongue at him ! " The trick is not a man's " one. It is womanish— monkish ; but imagine the wretched creature of a "man" putting out his tongue at Dr. Vaughan, and the mighty Doctor saying ill meekness, " Do not do that ; it is very rude I " The scene is picturesque ; and for Dr. Vaughan to imagine it, and bring it before, his Excellency in a banquet speech; shews emphatically what monks and nuns learn in their cells, where they do sonie- times employ their tongues, as penance, in licking the sign of the cross on the floor ! All this is funny ; but Dr. Vaiighan has not yet answered Dr. Barry. The Roman ists of Sydney and Queensland will not fail to see this, when we place "his Grabe's" flippant speech before them. No : flilipancy will not pass for ai'gument. Monks in their cells may show their tongues ; but in the outer world they must show their sense. The age of dressing up a heretic in builesque clothes before burn ing him is past. Now the heretic must be answered or the confession is inferred-— he cannot be. An Archbishop may laugh, and he may enjoy his fun over his cups ; but the people outside will after all dis cover that the " bits of priestcraft " are really " Jesuitical " — as transparent as they are contemptible. 