SNAKE BITES. To the Editor. Sm,-I glvo tho following, for tho benefit of nil, in conse- quence of ii letter in your journal of tho 20th Dccecmber hwt, ami the appeal mudo on tho 3rd January, on Suuko Hites, where the writer says, if a man fancies he luis tho ghost of a now Idea on tho subject, lie should not withhold. If this is worthy of your notice, you can make whatever uso you plcusoof il. I um, sir, yours respectfully,, J?. FITZHEKBJ311T, Adelong. Ss.iKH Brn:s, &c-Spirits; of ammonia. A «mall vial of it can bc carried in thc pocket, and if bitten, sharpen a little plcco of wood to a small point, dipping this »tick into the ammonia, and then pcnotrutiiig' tho woimd witli it. Apiece of lunar caustic can bo carried in tho pocket, mid sharpened, if needed, and used the same ns the stick and ammonia. This caustic used freely on tho bito of a mad dog, destroys tho poison ; but to ensure even a reasonable hopo of success, it must boused immediately. This holds good in any wises ; even sucking thc spot; with your mouth ; if it is so that yon cannot get nt it, if any other person is present, whoso mouth is not sore, no danger need bo apprehended. All tho poison may bo upon the outside, and can bo washed off with vinegar, if no ammonia is to bo had. Yet, most likely, tho poison has penetrated more or less into tho wound-if a snake bite. As thc arrangement of their teeth is such that tho poison conies out near tho point, and when in the wound ; .tims is seen the propriety of sucking it. But when a person is bitten, in the absence of all these remedies, and not being able to reach the spot to suck out the poison, he should drink whisky enough to produce un intoxicating effect. In the case of snake-bitton cattle-horses are usually bitten in the feet; wlicu this is the case, all that is necessary to do is, to drive them into a mud- hole, and keep them there for a few hours ; If. upon tho nose, bind the mud upon the placo in such a manner as not to inter- fere with their breathing; and I am perfectly satisfied that soft clay mud would bc an excellent application to snake bites on persons ; for I know it. to draw ont tho poisoning from ivy, and have been assured that it luis dono thc sumo for snake bites of persons as welt as for cattle. The next mail tor Europe was announced to leave Sydney on the lath institut, but in consequence of the non-arrival of the steamer Mikado from Dunedin, thc depar- ture is unavoidably postponed till the 17th, and ali mails for England and America will close on that date. On Monday week the Manning River rose very quickly, and was some feet over tho Cedar Porty liridge. X quantity of timber, the property of Mr. leo, of Wingham 1 was washed away, but subsequently recovered. The Hobart Town Mercury observes : The numer- ous friends in Tasmania of Mr. William Robertson now of Colac, Victoria, but for so many years successfully associated with the trade and commerce of Hobart Town, will be sorry to learn that a telegram has been received intimating that Mr. Robertson had been struck down by a sudden attack of illness, deemed by his medical advisers as of so dangerous a nature as to render his recovery very questionable. Since the para- graph was written, T. G. Gregson, Esq., of Risdon, a personal friend and political coadjutor of Mr. Robertson, has paid the debt of nature ; and Mr. Henry Lipscombe, an old and respected colonist, long connected with horticultural pursuits, died on Boxing Day. Tlie following river shipping news is contained in the Riverine Grazier: Hay-December 20: Riverina arrived from Echuca with timber for Messrs. Witcombe Brothers, and general cargo. 27: Corowa arrived from Echuca with piles for bridge approaches, flour and general cargo. 30 : Riverina left Hay for Echuca. The Pearl, from Hay, passed Swan Hill on 2(5Ui instant. Corowa is still at the wharf loading wool, tallow, and hides. Tho Alfred is expected to arrive to-morrow. Tho Pearl will leave Echuca on or about 8th January. The River Murrumbidgee is 7 feet above sum- mer level. The River Darling on December 20 was stationary at 10 inches above summer level. On New Year's Day a little boy, son of Captain Hurley, of Balmain, was capsized out of a boat in the harbour. Tho accident was perceived by Mr. John Bennett, tho lessee of the Victoria Theatre, who resides on that side of the water, and who jumped into the sea with his clothes on and succeeded in rescuing the boy after lie had been twenty minutes in the water. Both were taken up, very much exhausted, by a pass- ing steamer ; but it is matter of regret to report that Mr. Bennett sustained some injury to ids spiue, and was confined to Iiis room until Saturday morning, and is still suffering in consequence. The Goulburn Herald of Wednesday observes that during the lust few days the heat had been most intense. A gentleman who came into town on Saturday by way of Paddy's River states that ut ten p.m. Fahrenheit's thermometer retid in the sun 15t$ degrees ubout eight miles from town, But this great increase in the heatubove the reading in Goulburn was owing to the bush ilres which were raging on either side of the road. It was litcrully passing through a furnace-a blazing sun overhead, roaring ilres on euell «Ide, and a hot wind in front. In tile course of three miles ulong which tho lires ex- tended he counted no less than nine snakes which had been driven on to the road by tho tires. Two severe cases of sun- stroke are also reported to have taken place at Goulburn on Friday last. One of tho sufferers is a guard employed on tho railway, and the other a carrier. We are glad to report that both cases are progressing favourably. RYDAL.-On New Year's Day tho Roman Catholics of tliis district, Oberon, and Pish River, held a grund bazaar and distribution of prizes by lottery, for the benefit und in aid of tho building of a presbytery at Oberon. At an early hour the people, in gay holiday attire, began to assemble in the town, and about tho court-house, where tho bazaar was held. . Tho Rev. Father M'G ruth, assisted by tho Misses M'Laughlan, und Mr. und Mrs. Lewis, exerted them- selves beyond nil pruiso (ns ulso did others I did not know,) und opened tho fancy fuir and arranged thc raffles, ko. Some of tile prizes were really valuable, combined with usefulness. For instance, Mr. Paul won a pony, sido saddle, and bridle. Then there were valuable tilings in needlework and oilier articles; so that altogether, the whola affair was agreat success, and must have brought a goodly sum of money to tho managers, nnd wus u delightful chango to tho very dull monotony of this place. Tho wholo wound up with a social dunce, which broke up at midnight.-Con-erpondent. STRIKE OF THE IRON WORKERS.-A strike in tho iron trades took piuco ut the beginning of thoycur in consequence of some of the employers posting up a notice ut tho cud of last year, informing tho workmen that the hours of labour woul'd be altered from thc 1st January. This was au intention to alter nu agreement lu regard to the hours of working mude between tho musters and men on the 1st Novemlier. lust. Thc notice of tho musters wus to thc effect that from tho Dud January, 187-1, tho hours for labour would bo from a quarter to 8 a.m. to a quarter-past 12 noon, nud from a quarter-past 1 p.m. to u quarter-) ms tc p.m. ; und further, thu!, on Saturdays tho hours for labour would be from a quarter to 8 a.m. to a quarter-past 1 p.m.-thus com- pleting thc forty- eight hours per week, or eight hours daily average, but having only one break in the dny. The mon considering that tho question of altering the hourn ol' labour should have been submitted to titer delegates for mutual con- sideration, decided not to resume work until the notices were withdrawn, and consequently tho strike followed. It still continues. A public meeting, called by advertisement, was hold in the largo room ol' Failford's Family Hotel, West Maitland, on Tuesday evening, tho object being to secure a visit from the English cricketers during their stay in Now South Willes. There was a good uttenduuee, muuy of tho lending residents of Maitland being present. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Leo. Al ter considerable discussion, tho following resolution was carried: That ii miu-committce, consisting of Messrs. Uoydell, Onus, Weaver, R. Wyndham, J. E. Wolfe, L. W. Levey, E. P. Cupper, J. Rourke, J. S. Carroll, H. A. Sheridan, with power to add to their mini ber, be appointed for the purpose ol' obtaining tho necessary guaranty up to L-100, and that they bo empowered to offer finit sum to the English cricketers fora threo days' maloli on thc Albion G round, West Maitland. Several of those gent le- inen who lind given guaranties in the courso of the meeting, handed In cheques for tho respective amounts, and tho meet- ing broke ii)). ANNIVERSARY REGATTA.-A meeting of gentle- men Interested In yachting and sailing iu tuc harbour, wus held ut 0 o'clock lust ovening, ut Mr. Punch's hotel, Pitt and King streets. Mr. W. Delolttc was voted to tho chair. Mr. W, E. Langley addressed tho meeting, strongly deprecating tho idea of tho Anniversary reguttu ol' 187-1 fulling through. Ho suld ho understood Unit tho reason assigned for this probable falling ult, wus tho visit of tho English cricketers to the Albert ground. Bul ho felt sure Unit, notwithstanding thut attraction, tuero was plenlly of room for tho usual [regatta. Tho Prince Alfreds had , taken tho initiative by deriding to sall their club matches on that day. The chairman (Mr. W. Deloltto) said it was rather late iu tho day to form themselves into a committee, and collect subscriptions for largo prizes ; bnt if tho Sydney Aiiui 1 cur Sailing Club and tho others would supplement the Prince Alfreds' races, a good day's'sport would bo tho result. Mr. Amoura (Commodore of tho Sydney Amateur Sailing Club) stated that ho would cnll u meeting of his club on Monday next. As far as he could speak now, he-felt «uro that there would not bo any difficulty in his club starting three or more rucos on Anniversary Day. It wus then proposed by Mr. Lungley: "That thc usual 'Anniversary liega tta ho held on tho Sütii January ; the gentlemen present to boa com- mittee to calicot subscriptions : that tho management bo loft to a sub-committee from thu P.A. V. Club, tho Sydney Ama- teur Sailing Club, und the Sydney Rowing Club.''' Tho reso- lution wns carried unanimously. A meeting of tho delegates from the above three clubs will bo held at Punch's hotel, ut half-past eight o'clock on Monday night next, A voto of thanks to tho ohairmuu brought t ho business to u closo. STRUCK OP THE GAHMEN.-On Friday, tile 2nd instant, tho cabmen of Sydney struck work, mid from that time until Tliursday lust, when tho strike ended, no cabs appeared on tho streets. Thc men struck work becauso of some obnoxious regulations and low rutes of fares passed by the Metropolitan Transit Commissioners in May Just, and which came into forco in July, continuing in force to thc present time. According to sobedu lo F, rates and fares to be paid for any hackney carriage not nu omnibus-a two miles radius was laid clown, from the railway station. Devonshire-street, from which point hirers of carriages or cabs paid certain specified rates of fare. This radius the cabmen objected to, and they objected also to taking persons a direct run of a mile for ls in thc case of a cab, and ls Od in tho case of a carriage. They also considered that when a carriage or cab was dlsohurgcd beyond two miles from the main entrance to thc George-street Murkets-tho point from which tho ono mile radius would becnlcnlated-tho hirer should pay one-half faro in addition to the ordinary fare. They communicated these matters to the Transit Commissioners by submitting to them at their request an amended schedule ¿C lutes and fares. At the eleventh hour tho cabmen received, information that the Transit Commissioners, after having carefully considered tho proposed schedule, did not think ft advisable to make any alteration in the scale of fares in foroe. The cabmen then determined to take their vehicles off tho streets until they obtained what they asked in their amended schedule. Several meetings were held, ali of a very orderly charoeter, nnd thc men expressed their determination to hold out. Ou Thursday, mutters were compromised by tho Com- missioners, und tho cabmen ngreoing t o a schedule by which thc two miles radius is abolished, and tho fares oharged by time uro to be paid when tho vehicle is used within the cor- porate limits of thc city : tho shilling faro for carrying a passenger a distance not exceeding one milo is retained, but for every additional passenger-that is moro than tho one sixpence will be oharged, and rates are chargeable for tho weight of the luggage of nny passenger, when thut weight exceeds 20 lbs. Under tho distance table of fares, whenever a vchiclo shall lie taken over one milo from , tho boundaries of tho city, and there discharged, the hirer shall pay a half furo for tho return journey to tho General Post Oftice. The sohcdnle agreed to will como into force on its being approved of hy the Government. Meantime the cabs will ply for hire as usual. Mr. Thomas Garrett, M.L.A., convened a îneèting of tho constituency of Camden, iu order to give au uccouut of his stewardship, at Picton, on Suturduy last. Captain Onslow, R.N,,also a member for the sumo electorate, was present. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. John Wild, J.P. Mr. Garrett, who was received with considerable enthusiasm, addressed the meeting at some length, und condemned the notion of Mr. Parkes with respect to tho Border Duties Treaty, whicli ho (Mr. Garrett) had consistently opposed. At tho time tho treaty was made, ho said, it was well known that Victoria wonld repudiate it on tho first oppor- tunity offering should it not turn out to her satisfaction ; anti lt was only that day lie noticed by the papers that it wus announced that this treaty, which had caused so much discussion, inconvenience, and expense to this country, was to terminate at tho end of the present month. He congratu- lated himself upon the fact of his having opposed tho treaty, mid lie felt that by doing so ho was carrying ont thc wishes of his constituency. Ho (Mr. Garrett) denounced tho Bill to amend the Constitution of thc Upper House us a piebald mea- sure, and ono which would never work well. Muny old civil servants lind been unjustly treated by Hie passing of tho j Sui>eranniiution Repeal Act. In regard to thc San Francisco mull servico, he characterised tho act of the Government in giving Mr. Hall £10,000 more than tho other tenderers, and os it were, behind their bucks, us something most'glaring. Ho looked upon the appointment of Mr. Samuel, the Postmaster General, as a. Commissioner, at un additional cost of ¡C1000, and the sending him to Europe, accompanied by his clerk, and tim fact of Mr. Hall goiug home in tho same ship, as a matter which gave rise to great suspicion and mistrust. It looked us if Mr. Samuel was merely patching up Hall's contract. Ho referred to Mr. Samuel's arrangements with Mr. Russell (of New Zealand), and tho giving up to Hall of tho subsidies ot Fiji and Honolulu, amounting to £21,000, besides thc freo use of tho Government dooks, instead of allowing him to pay to Mr. Mort, as thu P. und O. Company did, tho annual sum of £'¿500 for tho services required. Ho considered the conduct of thc Government was that of fools or rogues. It was well Known that Mr. Parkes had, previously to coining into power, visited thc neighbouring colonies on behalf of Mr. Hall ; and, considering nil tilings, he thought the conduct of the Govern- ment was most damaging to tho interests of,[the country* Heulso contended that the tobacco transaction was surrounded with considerable suspicion, and tho manner in which tho appointment of Chief Justice had been made, though Sir Jumes Martin was thc best mun that could bo obtained, re- flected disgrace on the Government. He adverted at length to the Rossi question, and supported tho view taken by tho Assembly on tho subject, and ut tho closo of lils speech promised, so long as ho was ono of their representatives, ho should do lils utmost to advance, not only their interests, but, thc interests of tho colony at largo. Captain Onslow iilso ad- dressed thc meeting ut some length; in some respects differing in opinion from Iiis colleague, when tho following resolution was carried : That this meeting, having seen both Mr. Garrett und Captain Onslow's Parliamentary action since re- turned for tliis electorate, and having now heard their views, and a statement of their conduct and doings in the House, expresses itself highly pleased and satisfied thcrewit li, and has every confldcnco iii them ns representatives., 