MORE MARVELS. The' Fortnightly Review' contains a startling article on the evidences of spiritualism, written by Mr. A. R. Wallace, the naturalist. Mr. Wallace concludes as follows:— ' The objection will here inevitably be made: " These wonderful things always happen in America. When they occur in England it will be time enough to enquire into them." Singularly enough, after this article was in the press the final test was obtained, which demonstrated the occurrence of similar phenomena in London. A short statement, may, therefore, be interesting for those who cannot digest American evider.ee. For some years a young lady, Miss Florence Cook, lias exhibited remarkable mediiimship, which latterly culminated in the prjluction of an en "ire female form purporting to lie spiritual, and which appeared barefooted at:d in white flowing robes while she lav entranced, in dark clothing and securely bound, it a cabinet or adjacent, room. Notwithstanding that tests of an apparently conclusive character were employed, many visitors, spirit- u iliats as well as septica, got the impression that all was not as it should be; owing in part ti the resemblance of the supposed spirit to & iss Cook, and also to the fact that the two ci mid not be seen at the same time. Some st .pposed that Miss C. was an impostor who mnu.-iged to coiicenl a white robe about her (although she was often searched), and who, although she was securely tied with tapes and scaled, wns able to get out of her bonds, dreBt ai d undress herself, and get into them again, all in the dark, and in so complete and skilful a manner as to defy detection. Others thought that tbe spirit released ber, provided her wiili a white dres-s, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that there was something wrong led one gentleman—an ardent spiritualist—to seize the supposed spirit and endeavour to hold it, in tiie hope that sone other person would open the cabinet door and see if Miss Cook was real I v there. Tl is was, unfortunately, not done j jbut the gTiat resemblance of the being he seized to M ss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escape from him, co-ivinced this gentleman that it was Miss Crok herself although thejrest of the companv, few minutes afterward^, found her bound and sealed just as she*had ' been left an hour be ore. To determine the question conclusively, experiments have been made within th< last few weeks by two scientific men. Mr. C. F. Varley, F.R.S., the eminent electrician, made use of a galvanic battery an>l cable- testing apparatus, and passed a currer t through Miss Cook's body (by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to 'fier^ arms). Tb 3 apparatus was so delicate that any move- ment whatever was instantly indicated, while it vas impossible for the young 1 lady to dress ant! act as a ghost without breaking the circuit Yet under these conditions the spiritfom did appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, write, and toncbed several persons ; and this happened, be it remembered, not in tha medium's own house, but in that of a private ge itleman in the west end of London. For nej.rly an hour ihe circuit was never broken, and at the conclusion Miss Cook was found in a deep trance. 8ince this remnrkableexperiment Mr. Wm. Crookes, F. R.S, has obtained, if possible, still more salisfactoty evidence. He contrived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accompanied by the spirit, and there saw and;. felt Miss Cook, dnsssed in black velvet, lying in a trance on thu floor, while the spirit-form, in white robes, stood close beside her. During the evening this spirit-form had been, for nearly an hour, walking and talking with the company; and Mr. Crookes, by permission, clasped the figure ia his arms, and found it to be, apparently, a real living woman, just as the sceptical gentleman had done. Vet this figure is not that of Miss Cook, nor of any other human being, since it appeared and disappeared in Mr. Crooke's own house as completely as in that of the medium herself. The full statements of Messrs. Varley and Crookes, with a mass of interesting detail on the subject, appeared in the Spiritualist newspaper in March and April last; and they serve to show that whatever m&rvels; occur in^ America can be reproduced here, and that men of science are not precluded from investigating .these phenomena with scientific instruments and hy scientific methods. . In the concluding''part of this paper we shall be able to show that another class ef manifestation which originated in America—that of the so-called spirit photographs—has been fint critically examined and completely demonstrated in our own countiy." 