New Zealand Items. MORE ONECO EXPLANATIONS. In : our last issue, we gave the chief evi dence, in the case of ChurleB Dodd, second mate of the. American ship Oneco, who on the voyage of that ship to Dunedin, charged with haying caused the death of a seaman named ureen, was tounu guiny oi rnansiaugnter. From the statement of one of the lads of the ship it. will be Been, if the statement of the boy oari bo relied upon, that the captain, to nay the leaat of him, did not behave in that manner' which is generally expected from one in his position. We take tho following pAr ticulars of the case from a late number of the Dunedin Guardian : — It will be remembered that, during tho ex amination of Dodd, the second mate of the Oneco, one of the witnesses (Frederic Travers) asked the Magistrate if he might Bay some thing 'on his own account.' Aud this being objected to by counsel, he expressed. a desire to be allowed to come ashore next day to in tervie jt the Magistrate This was acceded to ; and, after hearing tho lad's story and ascer taining his bodily condition, Mr. Munsford sent, him to the Dunedin Hospital. One of our reporters visited Travers there, and ob tained from him a statement of his treatment on board the ship. Whilst the trial of Dodds was pending we suppressed this ; but there no longer exists any [reason for witholding it from publication. The following is the STATEMENT OF FREDERICK TRAVEItS. I left Now York in the Oneco on June 6. 1 shipped as an ordinary seaman. It was my first time to sail with Captain Henty. The ship did not call at any port on her. way. About two days after leaving New York the captain hit me with the ropes. I was pulling at a rope, but he said that I was not pulling hard enough. He hit me once over tho head and once round the body. He also made me climb the backstays for two hours one day. I asked him to let me down, but when I did so he mud to say, ' Get up there, you young devil.' I struck on a rail, and was nearly goini» overboard. .He then told me that I could go below. Tha captain and his wife came on deck while I was on the backstays. They laughed at me. He hit me every day with tho rope's-end. Some time after the 1st of September I hid myself away in the chain locker for three du\s and four nights. The second inato threatened to club me, and to cut my heart out. It was fear of the captain and the second mate which led me to hide myself in the chain-locker. When the second mate came from aloft on a cold duy, he used to say to me, ' You ? son of a ? -, I will warm myself on you.' Ho would then get hold of me, and jerk and kick me round , and when that would not satisfy him, he would take the rope's end, and knock me round for a while. Ct was the second mate's treatment, rathur than the captain's, which caused me to hide myself away. I never complained to the cup tain of the treatment I received from the second mate. I was nearly starved to death in the chaiu locker. John Green saved my life. While he was engaged in making a cun vas bucket on the deck, he heard me hollaing and came arid diew me out. I had tried to get out before myself, but I , could not. It was dark in the chain-locker. When I came up I had to hang on the rail before 1 could walk. No one know that I was in the chain locker until Green heard me hollaing. The first mate came to the scuttle with a lantern, and saw me. ; Green then reached down and lifted me up. The first mute asked me why I had gone down there. I was afraid to tell him because 1 thought be was with the cap taiu. . I saw, the captuin about five minutes after coming up, and he asked me why I hud gone down the chain-locker. I replied liecuuse I was clubbed too much. . He asked by whom, and I replied by the second mate. The captain then fa id he guessed I deserved it. I went down the chuin locker at 8 o'clock at night. On an other occasion the captain hit me with the rope's-end, and kicked me two or three times in the rib?. The second mute also hit me twice over tho feet with a belaying-]iin. That crippled me. He never passed me by without hitting me. I came out of the chain locker on September 10. It wus about a week before 1 got into Port Chalmers that the sec ond mate hit me with the beluying-pin. One day subsequent to September 10, I nud Rob ert Sharp were folding up the main royals. The cnphiin culled us down, and beat us with u long piece of ratline stuff — that is a rope's and about 4ft. long. He hit us with it around the body and legs. He hit me five or six times. We both run uway. We had to go up again. The second mute came up with a strap, and beat iis over the head and body. He beat me and then Shurp. He kicked me in the ribs and breast. It was blowing a gale of wind at the time, and the captain said that big fellows like us ought to be able to fold so small a sail. When the second mate came up with the strap I slid down. This was not quite a week before we got into port. Sharp was' beaten round the deck. One day I could not get my boots,- and the second mate culled me in my stocking feet. I asked him to let | me go below to get them and put them on. ( He said he would put a pair of Manila boots on me. By that he meant the rope. He then sent me to the look-out, where I remained four hours. I have said to the second mate, ' Please, sir, stop licking me ;' but he then clubbed me worse, so I asked him no more. I have asked the captain, alsn, not to ' lick' me but he used then to 'lick' me harder. I used then to run away. I got clubbed once so that the clothes fell off. my- back. The sec ond mute hit me with his shut fist, and black ened both my eyes. I was reeving the middle staysail-sheet. He spoke to me. I said 'Sir.' He then hit me between the eyes, aud the blood began to nptirt. ? -I- bled all over the ropes and poop; and on the deck. This took place about two days befoto 1 went into the chain-locker. He skinned my nose, besides blackening my eyes. I did not complain to the first mate of the treatment I received from the second iii ate, because I. thought that he wus with the captain. My feet were, hurt by hav been compelled to climb the backstays. I am a native of Liverpool, and 18 year's of age. I went to America when I whs .two years old. I went to sea at the age of 15 ;? since then I have been -on board American chips, except during two months which I passed on board an English vessel, and ' six .months during which I was not at sea at all. I was never beaten on any other ship ; but always got gool treatment. ' There were four other lads on board besides me, bill I was theSvorst treated The captain let me go below. on our arrival at Port Chalmers, because, I suppose, he was frightened' that I would tell. The first mate always treated me well. \ I have .witnesses to prove my statements. I can assign. no reason why the captain ill-used- me. — Tribune. The Joys of Emigration. — This is the Mount Ida Glvronicle's -versiou- of what has happened to some immigrants lately sent up to that district': — ' Sixteen families, early in September, were sent up in waggons supposed to be going to the Head - Race — the land of promise, of tropical climate without rain. When arriving', at Eden' Creek the weather was at its. worst (what that worst was will be easily remembered), and the waggons, after going np to the Race, returned to the camp on the main road— the bnlk of the men solemnly declaring that it would kill the women and children to attempt to camp where they had gone, up in tho wet and snow. The waggon ers, however, had done their purt of the con tract, and a shift had to be made somehow. Through the kindness of a few snttlera sputt ered about the Idubuin, some. for a time were able to get an old hut, others a stable, others a ruin of u hut, over which they stretched the tight, flimsy tent provided for them. In tluB way. a duy or two were got over j but what were tho men to do? They could not work while there was no covering for their little ones ; to be idle wus to starve. Some tried the Head Race, and found that even the fair promise of Ss). per diem— so freely offered in the depot if they would go — was not to be ful filled, but piecework at rates which simply meant starvation or hopeless debt. A few got employment at the reef, and others drifted away, getting; employment' as they could. The few families that settled at the reef we can suy something of, and they may be taken as representing a fair average of the sufferings endured, us being about the first to get work. One family of four young children were taken in by Mr. Howard, of. the reef, who gave up to them his own warm hut. Owing, however to the frightful exposure which had been un dergone, the mother was seized with a severe cold, which, settling on her lungs, and induc ing weakness, fostered by the want of proper nutriment, has reduced her to a very low con dition indeed. She has continued in this state for over a month, until removed on Tues day last to the District Hospital. Another family— the husband being employed at tho reef — cowered in a dsserted sod wing, origin ally put up as a break- wind to a tent, the sides of which were broken down. Over these crumbling remains, one of these wretched tents (so graciously supplied without any fly), was stretched, the ends being pegged in between sods and stones as best they might. 'On windy days, such ns last Saturday, in snow squalls 1 had to get my father up from the pit to come and fix the roof, which had blown off or nearly so,' said the mother of this family of four chil dren — one five months old at the breast. Hearing a woman was lying ill in this hovel, we had gone to it, but there being no door, but an aperture 3ft. or'4ft. wide, a bit of loose calico blowing in, und seeing, us us we passed, the inmate — looking as pallid and nervous us a ghost — pub her head out. At once turn ing, we suw that she was in a very low state, scarcely able, to stand - her limbs all trembling and complaining of great pains in the chest, with a terrible cough. I huve not been able to cat a bit of anything this good while, and the child lying across me seems to crush me ; and then, when we snid that the child should be taken from her, ' Oh, but I have nothing for it. It would starve. I have no milk to give it.' . . . The next family were a little better — though no better secured from the weather; the mother, with perhaps a stronger constitution, and better spirit, hud battled through the same uttuck — the angry toned cough being still retained. Two moth ers of eight little ones (out of four) hud to he brough't into the hospital not a day too soon, fuirly started with cold, reduced to such alow state that the greatest euro and nursing will be necessary to unable them once to look aftei their young ones dependent upon them. 