EiXTZß^CTS. English, Jiuierlctm, anti JForcign, A storj of a snake comes from Berkshire, Connec" I licut The connection was cut between the snake's head and body. There lay the body in one part of the road, the head in anoth°r part of the road Among those looking on, a boy stood near, in home- spun dress stout boots enveloping his pints. A grej-hnred denizen of the region, drawing nigh, bade the joungster stamp on the serpent's tail Isothmg loath, the heavy boot caine down where the rittles used to grow-came down, and, straightwaj, up it came, while a sickly pillor blanched beneath the tin and wholesome dirt No wonder' The 1 spirited, si) snake" had been drinking sunshine, as he laj outstietched, and, mangled as he was, had gathered strength to resent the insult as ínstirct prompteä hinu. Quicker thin a liberated spring his headless trunk struck the offending boot with the same malicious violence as when the poison fi ngs were set elect to do its fatal bidding ' Happily, the head was quite severed from the bod,), and la) in the dirt several feet awaj It is not pleasant to treaJ on a spnghtly rattlesnake, even though one wear thick boots and the reptile has neither head nor tul So these unscientific investigators pursued their experiment with a piece of board, but it was quite conclusive Every time the smaller end of the body was struck, the other letaliated with a spiteful blow Surel) a strange phenomenon, from which min) interesting theories might be drawn aside from the obvious caution don t handle îattlesnakes till their h ads are taken off, but who shall s iv what occult law of life's deep injsteryis shadowed in a fact like tins'1 As often as that ghastly carcass coiled and struck the offend- ing boot, so often, and at the self-same instant, the grim repulsive head, l)ing dissevered in the dust, I opened its jaws, the deadly fangs protruding, and I closed them with a snap ' Again and again this was I done till the bioken and divided-or was it the indefinitely extended?-ghost of the reptile at last departed. A female writer gives the following advice to her sisters who contemplate matrimony -Can }ou find a resting-place for the sole of j'our poor little squeezed Louis Quinze be-heeled foot * Marry, then, bj all means. I should be the first to throw the old slippers after jou. Marry, bat listen ! Let me whisper a word in jour ear. If j ou want to bave a decent chance, I won't say of a happy, but of an endurable existence, look well to two things in the man jou marr)-first, his great virtues, second, his saul I weaknesses One very pronounced and obnoxious virtue, or one ndicnlously trifling faihnr, in a man, may lender your home an unhappy one But don't be alarmed, there ate hosts of men in the world, and if, as I once heard it suggested, a law wero passed compelling forthwith every old bachelor over five-and-forty to marry a spinster over fiv e-and thirty, depend upon it the spinsters would pTove the most refractory. There is such a thing as Nemesis, ,ind every man over forty is just as anxious to marry as before forty ho was anxious not to marry. Chicago ladies, if unwell, deem it vulgar to say they are " Bilious," so complain of being " William Oils'" The moderator of a certain Presbyter) in Scotland is reported to have said to a candidate for the ministry, who had left broom-making -" My young friend, the Presbyter) believes that all men should glorify God in some wav -some bj pleaching, some by mak- ing brooms-and that you are one who should make the brooms The force of emphasis m giving meaning to a sen- tence is well illustrated by a brief colloquy we over- heard bttween two persons the other da) " Do jou imagine me to be a scoundrel, sir?>" demanded one, indignantly " No," was the replj, " I do not imagine you to oe one " .A philanthropist proposes to muzzle the boys dur ing the green-api.le season. When a woman blushes and weeps, can she be said to raise a hue and cry ? Barbaboo, Wis., wants a clergyman who can preach the gospel or knock down and drag out, as occasion requires. " My spirits is crushed, Jane, crushed, ' sobbed Mrs. Marrowfat to Mrs. Quoggs. " That lovely howquette -you remember-which it was I, Margery Marrow- fat, as sent it to Mrs. Splivins' funeral. Well, the card got lost, and nobody knowed as who it come from." And here her great anguish slopped over afresh. 1 Brooklyn Argus, In the forests of Brazil, n plant, as important as the Cinchona itself, has just been brought to lght by the intelligence and perseverance of Dr. Couthins, a Portuguese phjsician. The plant and its qualities have long been known lo more than one of the native tribes, but their medicino men have hitherto kept their knowledge a profound secret. Dr. Cou- thins, however, hav ing once heard of its extraordi- nary properties, and secured saft. evidence that they were not overstated, allowid no opportuuitj to pass without endeavouring to gam something like possi tive knowledge of the n Um e of the plant, and the localities in which it was found. At length he suc- ceeded in obtaining a specimen of " the great medi- cine plant," as it was cilleo, and tested its efflcacv. Ita chief propert) was s ntl to consist in its power to produce most copious peispnation, for which pur- pose it was administered in lev us, and was said tobe almost a certain speeific Having pioved the copious ptrspiration ensued almost nnuiediatelj after a single do«e, Dr Continus coiisideied its importance esta Wished, and forwvrded a specimen to the well-known phariu iceutical chemist, M Rabuteau, af Pans, under its native natue of Jaboiaudi TheresuItsofM Rabu- teau s analvMs aud experiments, published in the scientific journal, L Lnion Phaimacculiaue, are to the following effect -He discovered, by sareful analjsis, that J iboi indi con ained no alkaloid , and the eventual residuum, winch was of a brown colour, proved peilectlj tisteless So far the experiment was unsatisfactory But, as he states he determined to make an infusion of some le ives and, thinking himself the fittest person to make a first experiment on, took a dose, covering himself with a blanket, and, ljmg down calmly, awaited the result After about a quarter of nn hour, drops of perspiration began to exude about the temples and forehead, and eventuallj the perspiration became general and pro- fuse ¡No unpleasant sjmptom of any kind super vened, either of prostration or nausea I Colonel Higginson saj s that when he was a boy at I Cambridge there was not a boat owned at Harvard \ student in the cliss two j ears before him owned the hist boat, and was "haultd up" bj the faculty therefoi. He plendad that he was not aware of anj objection to it-there was nothing against it in the college laws so far as he knew Hie college officer, however, showed lum a iule tint "^Nostudent shall be permitted to keep a domestic animal without con- sent of the f icultj," and he then .ugued that a boat c »ne undei th it head A correspondent saja -"The countersigns re- quired for admission into ' good society ' are charac- teristic ill) demanued by the teveial cities Boston diaws herself up seveielj, and, while raising her e)egliss to scan the cerebral development of the importunate one, coldl) asks, ' fl hat do you know ?' Isew York, disphi)ing her silks-and diamonds, looks nt the costliness which the applicant's apparel de notes.and sa)S, ' Wh.it are )ou woith?' Philadelphia, proudl) drawing around her her rovermg, demands, blue book in hand, and Ups pursed into prunes, per- simmons, and prisms, ' fl ho was yom grandfather'" While Washington stops a nuiuent in the gliding Geiman waltz, and while trjing to obtaiu a aly glimpse of jour pedal extieinities, with glowing cheeks and heaving breast, inquires 'Can jou dance ?' " A London clergvman, who was preaching m a vil- lage where he had gone to spend the summer vaca- tion, flattered the pride of the peoplo bj saying, " I am satisfied that theie are fower wicked people in this village than m mj native city ," but cruelly added, ' simplj because there ara not so many inhabitants m this village as in my native citv." One of the most popular preachers III London just i ow is the Rev. Donald Fraser, who preaches in a Piesbj terian chapel in Berkelej-street, just off the Edgeware-road. His stjlo aid manner is far more like au Italian's than a Scot's, and he uses a great amount of action. Sometimes he sajs a good thing with a leal diy Scotch humour. For instance, ma recent seimon he sind, "I wish to inform j ou that there are pickpockets present. I have not the smallest objection to their being present, and I hope what thej' hear will do them good Only I may as well tell them that thoeje of Providence is upon them, and that there are policemen in the galleiy " 