COUNTRY NEWS. {From our Country Correspondents.] MOUNT TORRENS. October 1. Daring the . past fortnight the weather haa been cold and stormy, and a large amount of rain has fallen. It will be qaite a treat to get a few days of fine weather.—The crops in the. neighborhood are looking promising.—Trade is slack, and is likely to continue so for a time, numbers of men being away shearing, and others bark-stripping.—sickness is prevalent, espe« cially amongst young children.—By the death of the Kev. W. A. Clayfield the district has sustained a severe loss. The three churches in this parish are now without a resident priest. A meeting of the seatholders of St. George's Church, is to be held, to take steps to erect a tablet in the church to the memory of the late Incumbent. "From time to time we have received," states the Shoalkaven News of a recent date, " startling 'intelligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by maiiy persons, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Kobert Williams, who has but recently gone, to"; reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watch-dog driven mad, and Mb. whole household routed and thrown into the' greatest con8terfiation by the appearance of an appari tion". On Tuesday night Williams's family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down the verandah witn heavy-nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rusMng about in a most frantio manner, and would every now and then make a despe rate spring at the intruder; but finally gave np the contest in snllen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all' locks, bolts, and bars,' entered the house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed apparently in the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where Mr. ' and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bedolothes off the bed and lay down beside Williams, who, however,' could feel nothing when he put his hand out to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a cressout saw standing, which it sounded several times, aB if beating time to musio. After keep ing Williams and his family in a terrified state for some time, his ghostship departed. Wil liams- avers that he has heard and seen this strange visitor several times since hia location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers.to go and stop at his house and judge for them selves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman well-known in this district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a Manila hat on, dressed in moleskin: trousers and a bine gnernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to at tempted to ascertain who he was and what he wanted, found that the rupposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted ,by the very old hands of the district that one of. two sawyers had been > found murdered in thelocality many years ago," 