TOUTING THE TRAINING. The North Melbourno Triennial Sweepstakes. If ono may bo permitted to judgo by tho unusual orowds which havo assembled on the training grounds for the past week, thoro was never such an amount of interest exhibited in any local contort as that to l-jC decided on Wednesday n:xt. Tbo dozen Wore out in turn for their poij.p and the oldest touts in the conjnanity wore there, calculating their I'CSgootivo chances of success. John Wallg, Eph. Watson, Pat Fagan, and othor 0".',ebrities woro early on the grounds, and -with carefully rated tiokers, timed tho performances of the half-dozen aompetitors, tho results of which, and ol my own notions, will bo given by way uf a final tip on to morrow evening. Commenc ing with tho light divisioo, Writ has been troatod to a hard week's work, and looks thinner than a moonbeam, out not so trans, parent. With all my knowledge of political racing, I could rover srj through him. But tlACU Hitiit tVi n TtVnn nA Uain/i galvanised into activity by the united elo quence of a Sea-F.iicll and an Ocean aBsy (nappy combination), this littlo horso might bo required for 'choir purposes again, and will vory likely "pass into their stable to bo need as oocasioD may require. Democrat is nearly done up, the constant exercise to whic.'n ho is aubjeot-.od is too muoh for any ar'tmttl of his ago, rmd as ho never possessed very powerful understandings at any timo r/_ bja life, it is no'j hard to foretell his chancxn in a straggle I'iko that which is now appro sxjhing. Nathleas, tho old horso will run gam My to the last, but In the absence of a Bup'porter like Georgy , Higinbotham, himself aiii his friends ate by nn manna an ftnnlru no fl . IR —UM »v wuuuj HJ wr 46JT SYUIO bUttV JTOtllO ago. Vixen '8 backer g havo pub him in nomination, and they tzeop him eternally on the course. Ib may be that they wanfc to show his paces in a favorable 'light, and then sell Mm. Brit that ia their business, and not mine ; so Fll pass on to tho other division. Don Jti&n; treated the public to nnotber brilliant dpin a foi? days since, and once moro mov'ifl with all tho oaso and freedom of bis J jite departed namesake. No trial could bo rjcore satisfactory, one unani mons cheer f.tom touta and spectators an nouncing thcirnnvarying "confidence In their own favourit » chestnut. Ib ia not the in tention of tl je trainer to have another public canter, a resolution which has mob with the cordial approbation of all the Don's backers. Moderate -cxerciso, and the conservation of his strength for the convincing day, is all that is now required. Councillor had some of tb.e superfluous beef taken off him during the past week. Tom Iteilly is nob the masa to spare man or horse when such he avy interests aro at stako, and be. tiveen coustant rubbing and regular oxorciso ho has worked wondors, both in tho 'appearance and speed of this old public favor- i ite. He had a capital spiu on Tuesday, with Major KadclifFe ia the pigskin, and bounded along with his gallant ridor like a two-year old. Orangeman takes regular cxeroise, but tho splib in the Hanovcriau stable leaves him not tho ghost of a chance. Beckon up the support whioh ho received from Democrat's backers in '71, deduct therefrom the hun dreds lonfc by the splib, add tho few friends which tho champion of Orangeman may have mado in tho meantime, and tho result will be a uotal Ioas that will astonish himself and his uvnoto VU UDAIl » V tJUIlVMUOy , Present state of tho market ; — 5 to 2 on Don Juan. Level money on Councillor. 20 to 1 against Orangeman, Lombard street to an oranas atrainst auv othor. j.F, 23th April . 