Aquatics. ? ? ? finiuTje/j t? itpktc I Intercolonial Gig Race ? Sept. 26. Grafton Champion Raoes ? Oct. 7. Anniversary Regatta ? Jan. 26, 1875. Looking to yachting prospects for the ooming season is about aa uninviting a task as any lover of aquatic sports can possibly undertake. In faot, all is drearier, blanker, and more unsatisfactory than at any period in a quarter of a century. The old spirit is paling fast before the less EngUsh, though perhaps for the hour the more fashionable killtime of Polo or the absurdity called hunting, alias riding after hounds over the trail of a red herring, ? or some equally sweet-smelling scent. Who that saw that brave little fleet of pleasure craft escorting H.M.S. Galatea to her moorings a few years ago, would have dared to predict that there would not now be half- a-dozen of that fleet remaining in Port J ackson, nor any probability of their being replaced while the follies of fashion diverted the public taste in other directions. It is really too bad to see the acknowledged champion twelve- tonner haul down ' her bine ensign and clear out as a ' pearler.' Yet suoh is the fate of the flying little Nereid, whose club mate — I Vivienne— had previously gone away for the same ignoble : service. As there is now no inducement to build new and | fast boats, it is not surprising to find that the Magio and the new eight-tonner now being built by Langfard are the only new yachts launched here within three years. We are happy to find that the rumours current for some months relative to the disappearance of Mr. King and the tiny centreboard craft in which he left here for Tasmania, some months back, are unfounded. On Thursday last, we received the following letter from Bateman's Bay: — 'Sir, — I happened to notice in a recent Sydney paper, a notice that a Mr. E ? , of Customs Department, had left Sydney for Tasmania and never been neard of since. The Daring, yawl, P. A. Y. U., left Sydney last November, bound for Tasmania, and after encountering very severe southerly weather, put into Jervis Bay with other larger vessels (as reported), left Jervis Bay and proceeded on voyage, and had again through violent southerly gales to take refuge in Ulladulla and also Bateman's Bay. The Daring Bince then has been fortunate and has prosecuted her trips with unexampled succesa, having made the Bass' Rtraifa P.t-naaino' fnnr timns viifinnt. ATI amid Ant liar floln crew being father and son, a feat unparalleled since the days of Bass. The Daring is safely at anchor in Bate man's Bay, and is ready to sail any boat of her tonnage in the Australian - colonies, an ocean race, say 100 miles for £100. After her achievements in Bass's Straits, contend ing against all weathers, I may safely say that there is not a finer sea boat, or a faster of her tonnage in the world.' Late advices from Melbourne report another change in the Intercolonial crew, — a stronger infusion of the Ballarat element than before. We are glad to say that even the addition of Messrs. Edington and Henderson has not made it a moral certainty for Victoria. The Sydney crew are more pleased than otherwise that the very best crow that can be sent is to meet them, eo that, if we win, the honour will be all the greater. When they come, they will be received in a befitting manner, and have no causa for adverse comment of their treatment in New South Wales. The new mode of measurement adopted by the New Thames Y. C. has led to a revolution amongst the owners of English racing yachts. This club has been sensible enough to resolve that the actual depth of a yacht shall be measured, instead of the arbitrary Royal Thames rule, which fixes half the beam as a fair equivalent for the depth. How notoriously this has been evaded is well known, and has led to the construction of lean deep vessels, 'diving-bells,' good only for racing purposes, and then only when turning to windward. As a sample of this, we take four forty tonners, R. T. measurement By the new rule we find Norman is 47 tons, Myosotis 46, Eveleen and Bloodhound 42. Again, amongst the twenties, we find that Fleetwing and Vanessa are really 25 tons, Latona, 23 tons ; Aveyron, classed as 15, is really 19 tons. That the change has not met with the approval of the owners of such craft as these is not surprising, and we regret to find that they turned the regatta of the club Into a farce by entering, and then when the starting gun fired hauled dawn their racing flags and substituted the burgee of a rival club. The Royal Northern Y. C. haB had a most auspicious opening cruise, when three ef the new flyers had a maiden run. The competing vessels were the schooners Nyanza, 214 ; Zella, 104 ; Egidia, 138 ; cutters Cytheria, 110 ; Neva, 60 ; JEolus, 62 ; Mosquito, 60 ; the second class schooner Fiery Cross, 51 ; cutter Torpid, 28 ; yawl Vega, 40. The course was round the Lesser Cumbrae to Loch Fyne, and at first the Neva took the lead, but the Cytheria soon passed her. As was the first time these two new cutters, both by Fife, met, considerable interest was taken in the match. However, the wind was too light to give Cytheria anv chance, although she retained the lead to the finish. Neva won her maiden race by time. Both yachts appeared to be very fast, and it is to be hoped they may be able to contend successfully against the English flyers, and re establish the somewhat faded reputation of Sootch yachts. In the smaller class the Torpid won with plenty of time to spare. We leam from the Field that the Royal Alfred Y. C. has had two Channel Matches on the first of the season, which are thus described Three boats started for the Chqnnel Match from Kings town to Douglas, viz., Mabel, cutter, 64 tons, Mr. A. B. Rowley; Speranza, yawl, 75 tons (rated), Mr. John Jameson ; and Vera, cutter, 20 tons, Mr. H. W. Todd. The wind at starting was about east, with heavy rain, and it was thought at first they would not start, but at half past 4 they got away. When outside the harbour it was a mere drifting match, with a heavy sea on after the late gale. After rounding the Bailey and abreast of Ireland's Eye, the Mabel headed the lot, holding the lead all the way as they made tack for tick up along the Irish coast, until Carlingford was made, the point of departure for Manxland. About here was the last seen ot the little Vera in the race, she having given it up, and made for Carling ford Lough. When the other two were going up the island, the Mabel about three miles ahead; the Speranza carried away her topmast, this making very little difference, as the Mabel had the race well in her hands and won, arriving at 9 o'clock p.m. on Saturday, the Speranza an hour afterwards, winning £25 for her owner, and trinkets for her amateur helmsmen, Messrs. A. H. Or pen and Robert C. Smith Chatterton, which they had well earned, having been at the tiller, spell and spell, for twenty- nine hours. The same yachts, with the addition of the Britan nia, cutter, 40 tons, Captain Hartwell, R.N., which had followed them from Kingstown, started^ on the return voyage to Kingstown on Monday, the 25th instant, for similar prizes. They crossed the starting line at 9,5 a.m., Britannia leading, Mabel second, Speranza third, which order continued for an hour (wind being very light and dead ofi), when the Mabel drew up to and passed the Britannia, leading her some two miles at three o'clock, and looking like repeating her victory in the pre vious match. Britannia, however, under the skilful guidance of her owner and Mr. H. C. Fox, of the Myrrha, schooner, began to draw up, and off Lambery Island, eighteen miles from Kingstown, headed the crack, wind being even lighter than before, and she then slipped away and entered tne piers of Kingstown Harbour at 10.45 p.m., Mabel following- at 11 p.m., Speranza, 12.15. Thus the prizes were fairly divided, and the Britannia reaped the fruits of her long and arduous voyage from the Thames, which the left on the 13th, after winning the onps of the Royal London, and had a hard thresh round to Kingstown, v hich she did not reach until the afternoon of the 22nd, too much knocked about to start with the others to Douglas, but following them next day. Of the Royal London 1 . C. Match we have the follow ing particulars : — Matrb for First-class Yachts, exceeding 30 tons club measurement ; prizes, £100 and £50 in plate. Time for tonnage, 30 to 50 tons, 30 seoonds per ton ; above 5# teas, 20 seoonds per ton. Norman, cutter, 39 tons, Major Ewing owner, Hatcher builder. Myosotis, cutter, 39 tons, Mr. H. D. MacMuter owner, Ratsey builder. Bloodhoucd, cutter, 40 tons, Marquis of Ailsa owner, Fyfe builder. Kriemhilda, cutter, 106 tons, Count E. Batthyany owner, Ratsey builder, Arethusa, cutter, GO tons, Mr. T. Broadwood owner, Ratsey builder. Britannia, cutter, 39 tons, Captain Hartwell, B.N., owner, Hatcher builder. Florinda, yaul, 137 tons, Mr. W. Jessop owner, Camper and Nicholson builders. All had got working topsails bent, and jib topsails hanked oo to topmost stay ready for hoisting as the gun fired. At a quarter-past 11 all the yachts luul fairly swung to the ebb, and at 11.19 the gun was given them to start. Britannia, just as the gun fired, flew under Florinda's lee before tbe latter had got her jib up. bloodhound next ; then Norman was the next off. Kreimhilda hauled aoross Arethusa and Florinda's bows for a berth on their weather, j the fleet flying off down the river on the back ef the young j ebb at steamboat pace. All sent up working topsails and jib topsails, and off Pnrfleet spinnakers were set. The wind came out in hard squalls, and topmasts, with the weight of wind in the sails, required some watch ing. Hauling into St. Clements, spinnakers were got in, and sheets hardened down for a wind a little before the beam. The wind continued to come out in squalls, which knocked the vessels over till their lee rigging' was dragging through the water. Norman and Kriemhilda were in one of the lulls close under Stoneness, with not a foot of water under their keels — Kriemhilda outside — when Arethusa was hit by a regular volley from the N.N.W., which sent her flying down upon the two in front of her. There was no passage inside Norman, and none between Kriemhilda and the former ; and she came boriBg in between Norman and Kriemhilda. The result was that Kriemhilda had to bear away to leeward to avoid being struck, and Norman to haul up at the risk of getting ashore. Kriemhilda instantly hoisted a protest flag in her rigging. After this incident both Norman and Arethusa patsed on Kriemhilda's weather, and Florinda in mid channel went through her lee. Britannia was at this time the best part of half a mile ahead, with Bloodhound just in advance of Florinda. Bearing up into the North fleet Hope, Kriemhilda walked through the lee of both Arethusa and Norman ; but Britannia at this time was well nigh down to Gravesend, whilst Myosotis was some where off Greenhithe. Going down Gravesend Reach some tegular hard squalls buret? upon them, and jib top sails were lowered in a hurry. At 12.40 the Britannia and Florinda hauled into the Lower Hope, and found the wind blowing pretty straight up, which brought them upon a taut bowline. However, they could fetch nearly to Lower Hope Point, and one short hitch to the north-west would enable them to stand into Sea Reach. Directly they came on a wind Kriemhilda settled up on Bloodhound's weather bow, and promised to nail Britannia before they stood into Sea Reach ; but ere she got in nnder Lower Hope Point tiie bolts of her bowstay shackle gave, and she had to let fly jib sheet and halyards to save her bowsprit. Whilst lying here half hove to, examining the damage, Bloodhound tacked close in under shore, and crossed under Kriem hilda' s stern, and in another minute Arethusa was found standing out on . starboard tack. She could not weather Kriemhilda, but tbe latter, being on port tack, had to go about for her, and so became last vessel but one, the Myo sotis being a long way astern. Arethusa was still holding on her starboard tack when she met Bloodhound, which had come round to port tack again, standing into Sea Reach. The latter could not weather Arethusa, but, as she had Lower Hope Point well open, did not wish to give way. However, as the Arethusa held on, she was obliged to, but only did so just in time, and it looked to us that Arethusa had te give a shake up. Whilst all this was going on, Florinda, who had wrested the lead from the Britannia, had-.her jib come flying in, through the outhaul bursting ; and before this damage was put right, her topsail yard broke at the strop. This wrecking fave Britannia another spell in front, and she went ancing down Sea Reach with a good lead, but was caught by Florinda again just above the Chapman. Not until 1.20, when off the ' Chapman Light, was the Kriemhilda fairly under way again ; but the temporary bobstay failing, her bowsprit had to be snugged in a couple of reefs, and a small jib set; and, moreover, to get in her big jib, she had to run off before the wind, and could not venture to carry a jib topsail. Myosotis was now close up astern with Kriem hilda, and all Uie others were miles ahead, Florinda still leading. Norman had caught Bloodhound, and was making a straight shoot for her weather ; but Ben Harris wouldn't have her there, and so commenced a luffing match, which took the pair close in on the Chapman Sand. At length Harris had to sing out for water, and then Norman gave way. Oddly enough, they no sooner bore away than Norman slipped off through Bloodhound's Ue without any trouble at all ; but all the time the diversion had been going' on Kriemhilda was gaining on them very fast. Florinda had made good use of her second turn at leading, and rounded the Nore Light for tbe homeward stretch with a half-mile lead. The time of rounding was as under : — H. M. S. H. M. 8. Florinda ? 1 53 0 Bloodhound ..... 2' 3 15 Britannia ? 1 46 Kriemhilda .... 2 & 5 Arethusa ? 1 58 30 Myosotis ? 2 6 15 Norman ? 22 50 j The wind was about a point forward of the beam, so jib topsails were still carried ; but ere they got off Southend the wind came shier, and _ sheets had to be flattened for a pretty close jam. Kriemhilda was not long in negotiating a passage through the lee of Bloodhound { and Norman, but she did not catch Arethusa j and Britannia until off the Chapman at three o'clock. The tide was still running down, but there was ! now such a fine and pretty steady breeze, that the tide was f a mere pleasant burst for them. Britannia was still lead ing Arethusa; but just above the Light the sixty- tonner got past on her weather, and seemed to be dropping her as fast as one could haul a line. Britannia was instantly in a funk, and sent up a jib topsail ; Arethusa followed suit, but j five minutes later they got a rally of wind off shore, and Arethusa hauled down jib topsail again; Britannia, 'how- ever, merely eared up sheet. Norman, not to be outdone, now sent up a jib topsail, but she bad no sooner got it sheeted than a heavy squall caught her and put her in to the coamings; the strain caused her weather topmast flliMMil. anil flia tAAmoef mc fionrltt 4-ltn BUIVUUB t/U «/ V»W UW OlUOt but a smart hand, in letting fly the jib topsail sheet and topsail halyards, saved the stick. _ Britannia took warning by thiB and got down her jib topsail, but had it up again as they bore away through the Lower Hope. There was not now the ghost of a chance of Arethusa saving her time on. Britannia, but there was still a hope left her of getting second prize, and consequently everything was done to secure this, but without avail, as Norma, cleverly sailed, just managed to keep within her time, and did the sixty out of honours by a minute and a half. Kriemhilda pulled up tremendously after leaving the Chapman ; but of course, in her crippled state — practically without a jib, as it could not without great risk be properly hauled up or sheeted — she had no chance Whatever of winning. Florinda con tinued to make an all-round gain to the finish, and the way ehe flew through the Lower Hope on the return journey as they eased up sheets struck everyone with admiration. The time of finishing off Rosherville Pier was : — H. M. S. II. m. s. Florinda . . 4 5 50 Norma . . , , 4 29 0 Kriemhilda .; 4 17 45 Bloodhound .. 4 31 10 Arethusa . . 4 22 0 Myosotis . . 4 38 43 Britannia .. 4 23 45 The Britannia won the £100 plate, and Norma £50 plate. ____ Sn*posKi- to bk Drowned or Fjiozkx to Death. — Information reached town per steamer Broughton (says the Shoalhavcn News) of the sudden and mysterious disappearance of John Mathers. The last seen of him was when leaving Mrs. Regen's at the Creek, on hiB way to get on board the Lily, and it iB surmised that he is either drowned, or having fallen asleep, has been frozen to death. The missing man leaves a wife and a large family, who (if the man is dead) are thrown on the mercy of the world. 