I A PROPOSED NEW IIÍLANDJSBA IN' a - . ALGERIA.' . i Tins greatest engineering work of modern times the Suez r, canal is the product of French enterprise and skill and the difficulty of that undertaking, and the credit of its success, are the more conspicuous by the fact that our leading engineers pronounced it virtually impracticable, inasmuch as the current in the Mediterranean would carry the Nile mud across the mouth, and silt it up. French enterprise meditates a green. conquest in the domain' of nature conquest which presents indeed less difficulty than' the one we have referred to, yet it is one which, from > its wide extent, convoys to the mind a sense of imposing grandeur, and is likely to confer material benefit upon the human race. It was mentioned lately in the Herald that the idea had been suggested of making an interior sea in Australia, or rather of restoring one-a. suggestion based on the presumption that those observations are correct which- go to show that the interior depressions are below the sea level. In that case, a channel cut through the rim of the basin would let in the sea water, and the result might be to establish inland water communication, and also to mollify the aridity of the climate.' It is precisely a similar experiment, though on a smaller scale, that it is proposed to make in North Africa, and it is this which gives to Australians a special interest in this project of the French, engineers. As to the Australian idea, it is at present only an idea, though some day it may come to be seriously entertained. The country has never been surveyed, and we know little of' it except from the reports of explorers and pioneers, whose observations have necessarily been rough. But in Algiers the problem has been more carefully studied, and its practicability seems to be determined. The scheme is by no means absolutely new, but has occupied the thoughts of French engineers for some years East, and in the Revue des _)_>«. forces there as recently appeared an interesting paper from the pen of M. lioudaire, in which he develops a well-considered scheme for the accomplishment of this object. < . The north-eastern portion of the colony of Algeria forms the province of Constantine, of which the northern parts occupied by parallel I'ranges'of mountains, whose slopes are for the most part fertile. In going south from the ranges the traveller crosses first a strip of country running east and west, and having, in the way of vegetation, nothing but scanty brushwood j next, 1 a strip of country more barren stiff, where the waste of sand is varied only by artesian wells, and briars here and there and lastly he arrives at a series of extensive depressions in the surface of the country, which sometimes ? contain shallow water in their lowest part, and sometimes are entirely dry. When dry, these depressions, 'Which are called " cheats," present a most singular appearance. They are then covered with it stratum of what appears in the distance to a. glittering white jelly, from which, as you stand upon it, objects on the shore' are clearly reflected by its level surface, so that you seem to be standing on an island in a Veritable lake., On closer inspection, what seemed to be jelly proves to be salts of magnesia. The passage of this stratum of salt is attended with considerable danger, for in places are concealed, beneath a deceptive crusty deep pits of yielding same, into which the unwary traveller may chance to fall, if he leave the accustomed track. On one occasion, a thousand camels, straying a little out of the way, were suddenly engulfed in one of these pits, and disappeared from sight. The cheats, or which the largest are the cloth 'Mel-Kir," Sellem', Shares, and fElD ered, extend in a line from the town of Cheers, at the western extremity of the Chott-Mel- lvir, eastwards to within eleven miles of the gulf of Gabes on the coast of Tunis, a distance of about 200 miles. Barometric observations establish the fact, that, not only the ghosts themselves, but all the country which lies between them and about them, are 'belowthe.level of the sea, and the average depression is estimated at about 80 feet. The presence of marine salt, together with this discovery, leads to the conclusion that at one time this vast depression was the bed of a salt- water sea, which must have had an inlet from the Mediterranean. This conclusion is established beyond doubt by information from other sources. Herodotus, who wrote about 450 B.C., in the fourth book of his history, describes in succession the peoples of the North African coast, and. mentions among them the Machlyes, whose country extended to the river Triton, which falls into the great lake or gulf of Triton. He tells us, moreover, that Jason, with his Argonauts, found himself in this bay before he could discover land. The position assigned to this gulf of Triton identifies it with the sea of which we have on physical grounds presumed the existence in ancient times. We conclude from what Herodotus tells us that the gulf of Triton had in his day . an opening of considerable width into the Mediterranean Sea. Next, Scylax, in his "Periplus," which was written in the 2nd century BSc., 250 years after Herodotus, describes the gulf of Triton, and says that its opening is narrow, and beset with shallows. He also uses a separate name for the gulf outside the now narrowed entrance, and speaks of it as, the, " gulf of Syria." Two centuries later, about 43 A.D., Pomponius Melas speaks of the gulf of Syria as being dangerous on account of shoals, and the great rise and fall of the tide, . He adds that beyond this gulf is. the a great lake ob Triton; and in another place mentions that far inland were picked up fish-skeletons, shells, sea-weed 'flints,' and even anchors. From this we see that do isthmus had been formed at the mouth' of the lake of Triton, cutting off its supply of water from without, and that evaporation was rapidly diminishing i its extent. We shall not wonder that the diminu- tion of the lake was rapid when we consider that the quantity of water evaporated annually from the surface of the Mediterranean, and not restored by rain, would be represented by a layer five feet thick. " < > . After'Pomponius Mela3 comes Ptolemy, who wrote towards the end of the 2nd century, A.D. He makes mention of four lakes in place of one, and of those he mentions, one, " the lake of Turtles," corresponds in position to the .Chott- Mel-Kir. The subdivision of the lake"'of.,.Triton would naturally result from the subsidence of, its waters in an unley, bed, in an uneven Dea. . ' We have now traced the history of the gulf of Triton through the works of successive authors, from the time when it had a wide opening into the Mediterranean until by degrees the formation of an isthmus was followed by the exhaustion of its waters under a thirsty sun, and their ultimate subsidence in the lowest, parts of its bed. The interesting question suggests, itself of how the sands were accumulated in such quantity as to close up the wide estuary of the inner sea. The main current through the estuary must have run inwards from the Mediterranean, and though there was probably a slight compensating under- current outwards, analogous to that which has been shown to exist in the Mediterranean, it would not have been strong enough to raise the" sand and convey it, from the bed of the lake to its mouth. 'Nor' could silt have been brought down into the estu- ary by swollen torrents in sufficient quantity to narrow it materially. We are led then to consider what agencies may have operated from the side of the Mediterranean to effect the formation of the isthmus. The tide, which' in many parts of that sea is scarcely perceptible, is strongly marked in the gulf of Gabes and rises to a height of nearly 7 feet. Indeed, Procopis relates that the sea used to flow out upon the shore as far as a pedestrian could walk Linsday, and recede with the falling tide.' This exceptional height of the tide in the gulf of, Gabes is easily explained. The tides travel from east to west, following the direction in which the moon passes over the earth. The tidal waves, as they, enter the gulf of Gabes," which is open to the east, are compressed b'jV.its"nafrôWing sides', and their speed is retarded by contact with indignant and, shallow bottom ofcthegiilf^ they\are/,tauas helped. upon one another, and gain' in height what they lose in breadth. J, ". ? I < <-.? I <. a The sand and mud of the shoals are deeply stirred by the tumultuous- waves, and mingling with them are, conveyed in some quantity tow a rd s the shore. This sand and mud when the estuary was- open, were gradually deposited by the waved as they passed more smoothly on towards the inner sea, and in course of time, the deposit rose to the sea-level, and presented a barrier to further ingress This process was, no doubt, accelerated by the violent winds from the N.E. and SSE., which during the winter months, prevail at times in the gulf of Gabes. . It is proposed to renew the inland sea by cutting a canal through the isthmus, so as to introduce the waters of the Mediterranean into the lower level of the chorus. This, however, is not a step to be taken without due precaution. The shore of the old sea can no longer be traced, and desert sandstone may have considerably modified the surface of the country. How far will the new sea extend a This is a question that must be answered with precision for beneath the waters must be submerged more than one oasis with its palm trees and gardens, and more than one in 4and village will find itself surrounded by the sea It will be necessary to make a careful survey, by tracing the sea level with" delicate instruments from sense selected starting point round the whole bed. All property within the limiting line, and below the sea level, must be duly mapped out, with a view to purchase by the Government. From levels already taken here and there, a rough outline of the' new sea has been made, from which it appears that it will be about 200 miles in length, with an average width of 40 miles. a '" In the construction of the Canal means must be used to prevent its being choked again by sand. To obviate this, it is proposed to place a bar opposite to the mouth of the canal to break the force of the sea, and a small jetty on each side of the mouth itself, to intercept the sand that might be washed in from a lateral direction. It is thought that these precautions, with the aid of dredging when necessary, will keep the canal clear. The gulf of Gabes itself has been so much deepened by the loss of sand from its-bottom that it has now sufficient depth to long vessels of considerable size. The whole expense of the undertaking will be small compared with that of the Suez Canal, and with the value of the results anticipated from it. 'It falls under three heads levelling, indemnities, and the construction of the canal Levelling, if entrusted to military officers, will cost about £400 ; indemnities will, it is thought, amount to about' 200 000 and the cost of the canal 13 estimated at about £000,000, The total cost, therefore, will approximate to £800.000. ? We now come to consider the benefits which the, promoters of the enterprise anticipate from it The presence of so large a body of water will affect the climate and the soil in its neighbourhood in various ways. It will prove an impassable barrier to the inroads of sand from the great Sahara immediately south of it; for this effect has been produced in one part of Algeria by the broad stream of a mere river-the Oudd Djeddi. Moreover,-and-this is the chief result hoped for-the evaporation from the surface 'of . the inland sea will increase to a very great extent the amount of rainfall in-the country near it, abel especially in that which lies on its northern side. The same result has been experienced from the contribution of the Suez Canal, though that presents a surface in significantly small by comparison. Rains which before were very infrequent, have now become regular in the country along its banks. ' . The barren tract which lies along the north side of the projected- sea has an extent of "about 1,350,000 acres, and the sole cause of its infertility is want of water. Well watered, it yields abundant crops. A plentiful supply of rain, with the use of dams, will there is reason to believe, render valuable 1,350,0.00 acres of land which is now worthless. ? ' Lastly, omitting-ninor-results,'the new sea will be' of use in providing means' of easy transit where it is now difficulty and it is hoped that by the establishment of a commercial depot on its southern shore, caravans laden with gold dust.' ivory, and ostrich feathers will-be'enticed'to direct their course towards Algeria instead of taking what' have been the shorter routes is to Morocco and Tripoli. ' Orders have already been given by General Chang, the, present Governor of Algeria for carrying out the preliminary survey of the bed of the proposed sea and there is reason to hope that, notwithstanding the temporary embarrass- ments of the French Government, this, great work will infill he» entrants in hand I valves C. S. G. j THE PaCErs OF DUMMVISM.-To many cer- tainly to Crown tenants (observes the"Demityum Ghromele), nothing appeared easier than to dummy a few months since, These gentlemen went about with a generous broadcasting band and not only gave 320 acres to old station employes, but strangers, just taken on, and engaged in such "temporary works, as fencing, digging tanks, c, got up some fine morning after a tussling Thursday at Deniliquin, and were pleasantly informed that 3.30 acres had been selected for them-and it they had families, there was a hiniilar.lpt for each one-and the more children the better. There was Paddy and Billy, and Bridgen and Tommy-no distinction for the " actual dispose of our' public lands was no respecter of persons the empty land was before them, and all they had to do was to " reside ' a little while. Some dummies took this graciousness as the greatest fun in the fair-."- others thought a trifling liberty had been taken with r them, inas- much as if they had intended to select in a bona-fide manner, they were prevented from using their right., Others, apt pupils perhaps at sharp practice, considered the situation, and thought as the' well-informed and Law administering squatter had been so kind as to give it would only exhibits reciprocal feeling for them to keep" what had been so generously bestowed. But that sort of game had never been expected by the grantor ; it was all very well for him, a J.P., to ask the lower order to assist him in defrauding the Government and the community,' but to allow himself to be cheated out of his deposit and the land, would never. do 2 Perhaps the dummy was employed in contract work on the run ; well the Burow- must now have some severe twists ; he must be delayed in his work, and ten weeks stretched out so as only to cover the pay ' of three. In the meanwhile the man and family must have,' therefore charge him £3 for a bag of flour, which sells in Deniliquin for a 114s, ; sugar, .8d,'perlb., ration quality; tea in proportion, and as for meat, let him ''Nebuchadnezzar" on what he said was his own. We are writing the card, and very Soon there will be some amusing disclosures made, showing that dummies are not madotaltogether of the stupid and plastic materials their users imagine. When that is proved, those who loseby them will had scant sympathy among the public, for all generally admire, next to seeing good con- quering evil, trickery making dishonour pay tribute. ' . Tau LATE MR. NATION This gentleman, as many of our readers are probably aware, perished 'from' exhaustion on a river running into Limmen's'Bight, 190 'miles north of Daly Waters Telegraph station; on his way "from Queensland to Port Darwin. The deceased gentleman' (says the Cleveland Bay Express was one of the pioneers of this district, having joined Mr. Cudmore when he first came from South Australia, whom he assisted in /forpunghia station. He experienced many ups and downs ' of reverses of fortune, as all the pioneers did, one remained in the district until he started on this unfortunate trip. He was one of Mr. Hann's party in the late North Queensland Exploring Expedition) who speaks of him in, the biggest terms as Doing a good companion and a thorough bushman. He left Mr. Finn's, Maryvale station,' on the 2nd September last, with Mr. G. Latour, to assist him as a friend in taking cattle from the Flinders to Port Darwin, where he intended to settle.''The'party consisted of..four-vix.^ Messrs. Lautour, Nation, a man named Elvey, and a boy. They left Mr. M'Intyre's station, with' 100 head of cattle and about thirty horses, the end of October last, and reached the Nicholson River- some time in November, where they were obliged to 'camp till. the wet season, as they could not find sufficient water for the stock to travel. Mr. Lautour returned to Normanton, in Decem bed, for more rations. The next that was heard, of any of the party was the arrival of the man Elvey at Daly Waters, Telegraph Station, on the 27th May. He. reported having left Mr. Nation in an exhausted condition, to days before with only to lba./>f dried horseflesh. After leaving she Nicholson there was, disagreement in the party, and ' Nation and Elvey left Lautour and. push- on 'with' 1 Nation's four horses, and they were caught in very heavy floods', in - March and' April, which, prevented their pro ' 'ceeding. They condemned all their rations and three of the horses, the last one. Elvey took to Daly Waters. Mr Bnuckey,,leader" of the South Australian Construction , Party, immediately Communicated with Mr. Todd, who is' íolrjgra'phéd to him to start at once with'-'.'party to relieve 1 'Mr Nation, which headed accordingly i on the 29th May, ,??. and. returned author and Jnly.,hTteyJpjlnJ,1tb.e remains of twirl. .-. I., .._;}.,.<;,i0,; L,_;i",-_4 J; S (jun",, ' as , 