' . An enormous mushroom, 3, feet in circum ference andover 2 ib. weight, has been' found ' at'Reedy.Cfeet. !' "f"'. ' " \ Owing to letters ' received at -Chil torn several parties aro ! leaving ' there or 'the Palmer. ' : r The name of ihe man who wns found' dead, at Co\vra, on Thursday,; the liOth inat., hffs transpired to be Jqlin AI'Gattigan. . He yras a native ot lioiana. , , , -i, : | The Pastoral Times states that the muni-, cipal deadlock at Denilirpiin still (continues, the six aldermen met on Friday night, three I each side of the tablu, they laughed at- each other, voted a tie, and. departed. A nugget of gold, weighing 3 oz., was on view on Friday in the window of Mr. Henry Jones, of View Point. Upon inquiry it was found that the gold had been picked up by a lady amongst the gravel laid on Uliuda- street, Qnai'ry-hill. " : . The Trentham'correspondent of . the Jiyne- ton Ouardiaii states that;' the hands, ol- the : different, sawmills at .Bullaropli and Macedon are rapidly enrolling, and it is expected that another week will see the association a strong one. Oq'the 1st May eight hours' work at : present rate of wages will be the rule at all the mills. \- The Talbot Leader remarks that the dan ger of interference between man and wife was exemplified at Majorca on Monday night, when an old men interposed in favor of a wife who was being beaten by her husband, and. was rewarded for his good intentions by both parties turning on him and fear fully maltreating him. A summons has beem issued against th? offenders. The Gipps, . Land Mercury reports that Mr. Whitlaw and party, who are now eri- gaged. cutting a track irom Rosedole to .Tur- , ton's Creek, ; have; reached about twenty iniles from itosedale, and are in -good rich soil, siinilar to the Brandy Creek country, but with dense; scrub on most of it. Selectors are already in the, field. There are said to be indications of an auriferous character about the country. At btaweli a man named Saunders died on "Wednesday last . under peculiar circum stances. Tho post mortem examination dis closed the fact that a piece of bone had stuck fast in his throat, lacerating the cesophagus, but apparently doing no further harm . until it was dislodged, when it cut completely, through the aorta, or main artery of the upper portion' of the body. The patient then bled to death in a short time. Some young men of assumed respectability are likely to get into hot water at Ballarat. The Star states that the "gentlemanly" young men who assaulted constable Hayes on the night of the 19th inst., at the Royal Hotel, were Donald Wallace and Robert Seals. Roth have left Ballarat, and a war rant is to he issued against Wallace, as it is thought that he is about leaving the colony. 'A summons wa3 taken out against them, but neither could he served. The dead body of a man named Samuel Mullins was found in the doorway of the shop of Mr. Parker, chemist, Main-road, Ballarat, at half -past three o'clock on Tues day morning. : Tho;deceased was a travelling tinsmith by occupation, , and forty years of age. Ah inquest was held on Tuesday afterT noon, and the post-mortem examination dis closed the fact that death was . caused from asphyxia, in consequence of disease of the lungs. The Ballarat Courier remarks that the danger of leaving dynamite caps or other explosive and dangerous" materials carelessly about was painfully exemplified at Gordon last week. On Thursday two hoys, one o f them about twelve years of age, named John Robertson, ' entered a tenement recently, vacated by! some miners, who had left the district. ,, They commenced searching,, and soon discovered a dynamite cap amongst the rabbinh. ? Haying procured a needle,; the boy Robertson took the cap between , his finger and thumb, and commenced scraping but the detonating compound. The friction of the needle caused the cap to explode with a loud report, at the same time literally . ploughing the flesh off the bones of the finger : and thumb of the poor boy's right hand., ' The Border Watch hasvthe following " Mr. George Richardson, ' of Claraville," has: called upon, us to. state that he is not the; George Richardson who was fined the other; day at the police court for being drunk. The, real man has, sent us the following note :— : "I beg to inform the public " that I am as, respected a resident in Mount Gambier as.G. Richardson, of Claraville. I have been, I locked up for being drunk, and if a good many respected residents had their dues they would be locked up pretty often." The Talbot Leader Btates that Mr. Neil- son, of M'Callum's Creek, recently missed-a valuable heifer, and fears were' enteftainedi that the animal was lost- beyond recovei. Three weeks after its disappearance it was found embedded in a slack of hay into which it had eaten a passage! its struggles to release itself apparently haying had the effect of causing the filling up with loosehay of the opening in the stack behind it, thus pre cluding earlier discovery. Notwithstand- ' ing its lengthened imprisonment, the beast is I none the worse. The Bendigo Independent, states that a 1 very serious mining accident .occurred on Wednesday, at the claim of Miller arid Co. 's Company, on the Garden Gully line of reef, a miner named Dirdriok - Miller was work- | ing at the bottom of the shaft, when a pick which was being lowered in the bucket fell out, striking him on the head.- He was at once raised to the surface, and removed from thence to the hospital, where it was discovered that he had sustained a compound fracture of the Bkull. It was found neces sary to perform the operation of trepanning: No blame is attachable to the persons work ing in the claim, the affair being purely ac- cidentnl. The Maryborough Standard has the fol lowing : — "Some ten' days since three men, residents of Bung Bong, being out late on business, and having occasion to pass close by the scene of the late horrors, saw dis tinctly four persons - (a man and four children), whom they instantly recognised ob the suicide and his family, approach the house-and enter by the door. All three saw the apparition and remarked to each other on its singularity. They then tried the door, but found it securely locked. They were I fully impressed with the belief that they had seen four ghosts." . 