Household Eecipes, MOTHS.-To drive away moths from clothes, wrap up some yellow or turpentine soap in paper ; or plaoo an open bottle containing spirits of turpentine in tho wardrobe. ""CEMENT FOR GLASSWARE.-The white of an egg, well beaten with quicklime, and a small quantity of very old cheese, forms an excellent substitute for cement, when wanted in a hurry, either for broken china or old ornamental glassware. To TEST FLOUR.-People in tho trade generally knead a small quantity by way of experiment ; if good, tho flour immediately forms an adhesive, elastic paste, which will readily assume any form that may bo given to it, without danger of breaking. Pure and unadul terated flour may likewise bo easily distinguished by other methods; seize a handful briskly, and squeeze it half a minute ; it preserves the form of the cavity of the hand in ono piece, although it may be rudely placed on the table ; not so that which contains foreign sub stances, it breaks in pieces, moro or less ; that mixed with whiting being the most adhesive, but Btill dividing and falling down in a little time. PASTE FOR PIES.-Excellent paste for fruit or meat pies may be made with two- thirds of wheat flour, one third of the flour of boiled potatoes, and soma butter or dripping ; tho wliolo being brought to a proper consistence willi warm water, and a small quantity of yeast added when lightness is desired. This will also mako very pleasant cakes for breakfast, and may bo made with or without spices, fruits, ko. A lady was the first " patron of husbandry." Sulphur comes from Vesuvius, therefore it is good for eruptions. It is one of tho curiosities of natural history that a horse enjoys his food most when he hasn't a bit in his mouth. When a lady stands at tho hymeneal altar with her intended, you may know she is about to draw her beau into a knot. "What do.you ask for this article?" inquired Oba diah of young Miss Miller. "Only twenty-five cents." " Ain't you a little dear ?" "Why," sho replied, blush ing, "all tho young mon tell meso." An ox that had been eating fermented grain, which was in preparation for making ale, became intoxicated, and was offered for sale by his owner ns " corned" beef. " I never shot a bird in my life," said a friend to an Irishman ; who replied, " I never shot aiiTthing in tho shapo of a bird but a squirrel, which I killed with a stone, when it i'ell into the river and got drowned." A Georgia bride is described in one of tho local papers as " looking a very lily cradW in tho golden glimmer of somo evening lnko-a foam fleck, snowy yet sun-flashed, crowning the ripplings oi some soft southern sea." TO A BOTTLE. 'Tis very strange that you and I Together can not pull 5 For you are full when I am dry, And dry whon I am full. A merchant carno into a printing-olfico a short time since, and, seeing a pile of papers lying on tho table it being publication day-unceremoniously helped him self to a copy, and said ; "I s'pose you don t take any payfor just ono paper?" " Not always," was tho reply. Shortly afterwards tho printer entered tho merchant's storo and called for a pound of raisins, which was quickly weighed out to him. Tho printor took tho raisins, saying : " I s'pose you don't charge any thing when a fellow don't take but one pound?" " "No," said the grocer, after Beeing the disadvantage under which he was placed by his own stingy illiberality toward the printer, and said : " Wien I get any moro newspapers from a printor I'll pay for thom." JOSH BILLINGS ON GHOSTS.-A ghost iz about 2 foot 7 inches in hight, andwoiirhs from 4 to C ounces. Thoy are of tho maskuline and feminine natur, but principally nutur. Thoy aint afraid ov nothing, and will hang around a graveyard az karoless az a skoolboy will around an orchard in green apple timo. They aro like a grato menny other things in this world-often hoard ov, but seldum soon. I mil giv 15 hundred dollars to seo a ghost, and 250 dollars moro to own ono ; but i want ono kaught wholo and not hurt. Mi friend Phineas T. Barnum will take a wholo drove ov them at tho samo prioo por ghost, and not quarrol about tho gender. Theroforo, bring your ghosts. Ghosts allwus dress in a wite nitcgown sort of rig, and are tho quickest that have over been trotted out yot. Their ordinary gait iz a milo in a seckund, but it is sedjfor a purso thoy can beat this handy. |I would really liko to soo ono go in publik for munny-privato timo is allwus suspishus. Whi don't some of our agricultural boss-trot assosiashuiis offer a ghost puss, freo for all ghosts. It would draw liko a mustard plaster in tho month Of August. So it would. 