THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY AND THE JEWS. The following is the letter referred to in 1>ur leading article, addressed to the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald, Sir,—Bishop Barker must, we think, by the general tenor .of his utterances at Kiama last week, as reported in the Herald of Saturday, have found himself, from , some occult source or another, in a most uncommonly playful vein, judging from the grim humour of some of his statements; albeit ;those state ments, or at least one of them, was a gratuitous insult levelled at the Jews and the Unitarians. The humour lies in this—and we would refresh his- Lordship’s memory by its reproduction—that at one or other of the Ecumenical Councils, if not at several of them—the following choice excommunicamus et anathema tizamus was adopted and propagated : —“ We excommunicate and anathematize, in the name of God the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the Holy Apostle Peter and Paul and our own, all heretics, Hussites, Wycliffites, Lutherans, Zuiglians, Calvinists, Huguenots, Anabaptists, Trinitarians,” &c.; The times when such an anathema could be fulminated have passed, away, thanks to the onward progress of the world, and such Ferendtz, Sententice of mediaeval days are locked up in, the library of the Vatican. There let them, remain. '■ Independent of this, 1 cannot but think that the bishop’s choice of “ supporters” is further inexplicable on the score of orthodoxy, and so must be . taken as a sarcasm rather than an. expression made iii sober earnest. How different is the spirit displayed by Renan in his work Les Apotres,” as given; by his famous reviewer, the late Emanuel Deutsch. “ If the Church rejects us,” he writes, “let- us not recriminate; thanks to our modern days, this kind of hatred is impotent. Let us take comfort in. thinking of that invisible Church which embraces the excommunicated saints, the best souls of every time. The heretic of to day is the orthodox of the future. And what beside is the exconn munication of many ? The Heavehly Father excommunicates only the dry = • spirits and the narrow hearts.” I would respectfully ask the bishop to contrast this picture witlThis own, “ the second ghost of Kiama.” I would ask him whether the Apostle Paul does n.ot recommend the practice of gentleness to the Jew first and then to the Greek ? I would humbly inquire what becomes of all that love for the Jew spoken so loudly every year, in the month of May, at Exeter Hall, by Anglican bishops and other dignitaries of the Church? How wilhhe account lor the thirty thousand pounds spent annually by the good Christians of Great Britain out of love for the seven or eight Jews whom they profess to have converted ? They do not, to my knowledge, spend so much on those belonging to any other faith ; hence it follows that they must love them-more than others. Yet the Bishop of Sydney, strangely enough, admits of a preference, if he should be condemned to be pilloried—a preference as singular as it is humiliating —to that of being pilloried with a Jew or a Unitarian ; that is, with men who do their utmost to worship God faithfully, the God of Jews and Christian , alike—the God of love—the God who has commanded His creatures to do good to all men, and whose only fault, in Dr. Barker’s eyes, consists in their devo tion to Monotheism.- The Unitarians are well able to answer for themselves; I Would say, for my own part, that as it is. usual for two parties to consent to a bargain, the Tews, though thejr love and esteem.all God-fearing men, have yet on their own sides a decided objection to be pilloried with Bishop Barker. I am, yours truly, Sydney, 16th Noyembe^. , MICHTAM. 