öw LONDON LETTER. I JUNE 22, ' M. RocHBFoitT and his companions landed at Queenstown nearly a fortnight ago. The French Government has already begun a prosecution against the Fiqnro and another Paris paper for republishing some of his articles contributed to American journals. Our newspaper press has not, of course, the same gag upon it and on Saturday there appeared in the columns of the Times a very long and, in some respects, graphic account, by two conspicuous members of the Pam Commune," of the sufferings the prisoners consigned to New Caledonia had endured both previous to their arrival and subsequently. I do not propose to quote this account at length ; but as our last Sydney correspondence (dispatched April 10, published in London June 16, together with a Melbourne letter of April 21), expresses reasonable disgust on the part of the colony at the prospect of forming the involuntary refuge of some of the vilest French criminals, it may be well to sketch in a few lines the position of affairs at the penal settlement. The details, it must be borne in mind, are not given by impartial witnesses, and the home Press is inclined to deduct largely from them, while arguing that even upon the showing of these men no charge of wilful cruelty can be brought home to the French authorities. The writers describe the Peninsula Ducos, assigned to those banished to a fortified place, as a strip of barren, sandy land forming the northern side of the harbour of Noumea, absolutely without water, save such as is collected in the rainy season in pits or brought by sea in casks. The soil is said to be almost beyond the skill of the cultivator, and to be utterly unproductive to convicts, who are supplied with neither seed nor implements. Among the banished are many of the most intelligent workmen of Paris, | yet all doomed to live in miserable mud huts, unable to turn their abilities to any account, and compelled for lack of fuel to eat their daily rations of meat raw, wandering like caged beasts along the dismal shore, and dying or going mad under the agonies of their slow torture. Only when one dies is any gathering permitted : then all the 800 who are there confined form a long procession to the grave, into which, as the coffin is lowered, each throws upon the body his little red flower, cries Vive la llepMique, and gazes across that pitiless sea which parts him by 18,000 miles of soon all that makes life dear to him. Those condemned to simple banishment are sent to the Isle of Pines, some miles from the S.E. extremity of New Caledonia. An evil report is given of the two missions on the island, by which it is said the natives are simply employed to raise produce for the leathers, being watched jealously and re- strained from every effort at independence. About 2700 prisoners are turned adrift in this remote place, only to find that amid the most luxuriant vegetation they are little better off than their companions in the north. during the rains they are in a swamp, and every one according to the account, is laying in the seeds of disease, even if ague, Rheumatism, and the like be IIOC already shattering such health as remains. False news was constantly reaching the hapless men of wives and sisters who were coming out to join them ; now beseeching that the women they loved might not be enticed to such a hell on earth, now informed that having sailed they were missing, and had died on the voyage, men like Graudier the editor of the disputes lost all power pf()reason,, took to roaming in the woods, and were found at last frozen to death or perished of hunger. " New Caledonia, the writer says, '. destined to become a gigantic penitentiary, is subservient to a rule most weakening, and least likely to develop its productions. Trade and industry are here subject to all the obstacles which a French military administration knows so well how to multiply. They complain of heavy taxes upon the cultivators, no roads, no Government, no respectable institution, or offices of any kind. While about 200 of the prisoners have succeeded in finding a relatively remunerative employment, the other 2200 " are condemned for want of occupation to isolation, to privation,' to the most frightful misery, without any hope of getting out of it." As to the mother country which cast out these insurgent children, she cannot be said by her best friends to be happy or prosperous. AL Magne, the Minister of Finance, is in straits over his Budget. The deficit for the year is so large as to show the faire policy of putting on taxes upon the industry of the people as he has done ; yet he has no remedy to propose save continuing to do the same and augmenting the burden. The important \- event of the last fortnight at Versailles has been the carrying in face of a hostile majority, of M. Casimir Perier motion, proposing the . organiza- tion of the definitive republic, the Presidentship of Marshal MacMahon, the revision of the Constitution, and implicitly the dissolution of the Assembly at a fixed date. This was carried by Ayes 15, noes 34 and the bill was referred to the Commission of Thirty. The greatest importance is attached by men of all parties to this vote, not so much as likely to have any immediate effect but as indicating the weakening of the Eight, which hitherto has held out against a Republic and against a dissolution, and as showing also how the commotion raised by the Bona- partistes has strengthened the Republican forces. What coming weeks may bring no one presumes to say ; as one remarks, there is but one way of which any man can be certain in contemplating French politics, and that is-a crisis. The Lords and Commons are making an exchange of Church and Beer. The Upper House having accepted Lord Shaftesbury's amendment on the Public Worship Regulation Bill, and having thereby put one paid Judge in place of a Bishop's Court have sent down the changed bill for the favourable consideration of Mr. Disraeli and his companions. To judge by a speech made against it by Lord Salisbury the Government is not of one mind about its merits, some members deeming it a wise and necessary measure, others regarding it as, a wanton attack upon the High Church party. Lord Selborne indeed was at pains the other night to show that it would really relieve clergymen from the arbitrary action of the Old Church Discipline Act ; but men are not apt to be thankful for relief from obsolete provisions never put in force when in next place are imposed milder regulations which are certain to be actively enforced. All that now can be said is that the fate of the measure is in Mr. Disraeli's hands ; he can pass it or secure its rejection by means of the subservient majority at his bidding in the Commons. On the other hand, the Lower House has at last sent up the intoxicating Liquors Bill, though at one time it almost seemed affected by the atmosphere of inebriation which naturally hangs around such a topic. The constant changes by the Government, their abandonment of one near a tion after another, their abandonment of the I publicans to whom they promised so fair at the recent elections, _ caused the House one night to lose all patience, and to demand an adjournment until Mr. Cross and his colleagues should ascertain where they were and to what, if to aught, they intended to stand firm. On the debate for the third reading Sir Wilfred Lawson moved the rejection of the measure, and referred to a song which he said was being sung in London gossips. about the. Home (Secretary, and which ran " For he's a jolly good fellow. Whatever the Reds, may think. He hasehortesed the bouts of work , And lengthened the horses drina." Mr. Goschen was much more severe. He advised the hon. baronet to aJbfitainfrocithroumg over altogether the first zoo? child of a Conservative Administration-the" Just week offspring of a strong Government. There would probably, he said, be very little enthusiasm caused in any class of the community, by the final passing of the Bill'; while as to the Opposition side of the House, all that should be said was that it assented to the measurement contemptuous acquiescence, Recent debates and reports education. have, brought outtWlessous which we may dralwilroin' 3 afar, In j an glaciation the 4sa.bjeoj|, 'witnesses arises cw J ¿«« Loyal play. 0 '"'-V l.-lt'ii." In j '"jiT«0 ! view as YY : " The example of all the world, that deserves to be called civilized," foremost in it our own Colonial progeny, leaves us no choice but to force public education to as high a point as can be reached, and upon as many as can be included. The facts of our proceeds are those : This year 100,000 more children are found in inspected schools than last year. By the end of another twelvemonth 4,000,000 children will be in schools satisfying public requirements. The compulsory and voluntary systems are pretty nearly balanced, ten millions of the people being under school Boards, to twelve millions not in the same position. Of course the towns are mostly in the former class ; of rural parishes only 717 out of 14,072 have Boards. The final settlement of the Gold Coast question was announced last Friday. Mr. Lowther moved a vote of of £35,000 in order to carry out the new arrangements under which all connection with Sierra Leone is to cease, and Lagos and Cape Coast are to form a new Crown colony, under a Governor (at a salary of £3000 a-year), who is to reside at Elmira, or Accra, with a military force of 1100 House as. The natives are not to be admitted to any share of power, nor can they yet be entrusted with the trial by jury ; domestic slavery is not to be put down at once, but our influence is to be used for its gradual extinction. A smart debate preceded the adop- tion of the vote. A few nights ago, the Earl of Carnarvon moved the second reading of the Harbour of Colombo bill. He reminded their lordships, that at present Calle was the port at which steamers for India. China, and Australia touched, and that the Earl of Kimberley had made arrangements for spend- ing a sum of money in the improvement of the harbour. Since then, however, inquiries had been made, and it was now shewn that so great were the dangers and disadvantages of Calle, that it would be far better to aid in the development of Colombo vi which was free from these drawbacks. The colony was prepared to spend CCO0.O00, and the fresh bury offered to advance JC'löOftOO by way of loan" at 5 per cent., the security of the island being quite safe. Lord Kimberley entirely concurred ; testimony was quoted from captains as to the perils of Galle, and the bill was read a second time. Some correspondence has been published re- specting the Tasmanian railway, originating out of a paragraph in the ThM city article of the 7th February last ; the letters from the Colonial Secretary, Tasmania, to the Crown Agents for the Colonies, and from Sargeant and J Bryan to the journal in question, explaining the relation of the Tasmanian Government to the railway company. The Earl of Belmore, I observe, has been appointed a member of the Commision of inquiry into Railway Accidents. The question of the completion and decoration of St. Paul's Cathedral excites a good deal of somewhat bitter feeling. An architect has been appointed by the majority of the committee whose designs appear so glaringly at variance with the intentions of Sir Christopher Wren, that the public is up in arms against the conversion of the Cathedrals simple grandeur into the barbaric splendour of marble-veneered works and profuse colouring and gilding. ? v - The abundant rains in Bengal are gradually,' reassuring us that "the worst is -past, and. that future,' efforts must be directed not so much to save the starving.? to reinstate the ruined, ' . ' ' _ r JULY 6'. The Lord Chief Justice was discussing the other day with a Frenchman the comparative wealth of the two languages. Said he, " You know you have no equivalent for our " home," or >" comfort.' "Perhaps not," replied the other, but you in turn have no word like ' canaille."' " Oh yes, we have," rejoined the Judge, " in the Tich- borne case, only we spell it differently Kenealy." We may probably congratulate ourselves that, whatever resemblance there may be in four forms, of speech, England does not coincide with her neighbour in ways of government and rules of- political conduct. The last bomb in, the Paris camp is the manifesto of the Comte de Chambord, published quite suddenly in the Union, (which was immediately suspended for the net without consultation with his party, and to their intense disgust. For a more suicidal utterance it is not thought the Count could have made ; if he takes' up much lower ground than that occupied in his letter of last autumn, dropping all reference to the white flag, and offering a constitutional form of government almost identical with that possessed under the Empire, the glaring inconsistency in the man, and the audacious way in which he asserts that he has not changed his views but that his former declarations were purposely misinterpreted, are likely to repel more adherents than they gain. Our French correspondence says : " if the Comte de Chambord had still possessed a chance of ascending the throne of France, his last manifesto would have destroyed it. It resembles the act of a wrong-headed man who himself has no faith in his prospects, and who takes a wanton pleasure in heaping fresh obstacles in his own path." The Due de la Rochefoucauld, who made, the other day, a motion at Versailles in favour of Henry V., has resigned his post of ambassador to the English Court, and with his Duchesse went down to Windsor last Thursday to take leave of her Majesty on their return to France. There is reason to believe that the Carlists in the North-west of Spain draw much of their supplies from sympathisers in France. The frontier is very lazily watched, and Carlist committees are at" work in many places north of the Pyrenees. The death of Marshal Concha is a severe, but we may believe, only temporary check to the National troops. Killed while leading the van of his army, he died a soldier's death, and is to receive a funeral at Madrid with all possible pomp. The Carlists, who retired after the raising of the siege of Bilbao the strong heights above Estella, have resisted the efforts of a force largely superior to their own. though ill-provisioned, to dislodge them, and have gained a very decided victory. Hut in their inability to follow it up or even move from their fastnesses, one sees clearly the issue of the struggle. Meantime it assumes the character of horrible barbarity. Dorregaray, the Carlist chief has announced his intention of giving no quarter, and appears already to have acted upon it. shooting a tenth part of the prisoners and all the officers captured, and committing atrocities, of which it is fearful to road. Our Press is beginning to ask whether the Chris the Governments of Europe ought not to step in and use all their influence to stay the drenching with blood of Spain in vain civil war Zabala, who acted up to CtiBcha's death, as Minister of War, and drew out with him the plan of the campaign, has joined the army of the North. ; Serrano was eager to go, but was dissuaded on grounds of policy. Our Carlists are the Home Rulers who have, since my last letter was dispatched, had a grand field day at St. Stephen's. Mr. Butt led the Irish, forces and led the columns of his countrymen to the charge. Mr. Gladstone was not present ; but Mr. Disraeli closed the debate with, good effect. (t I must say," he remarked, " that there? is nothing to me more extraordinary than the determination of the Irish people to proclaim to the world that they are a conquered race. I deny that the Irish, arc conquered ; they are proud of it I deny that they have any ground for that pride. I deny. that the Irish have been conquered more than, or even as often as, the English. You never heard of an Englishman going about' and boasting of his subjects in. The Irish, have been conquered by the Normans, and so have we and in modern times I will not deny that Oliver Cromwell conquered Ireland, but it was after he had conquered England. I am opposed to the motion because I wish to see at the important crisis of the world, which perhaps is nearer arriving than Borne of us suppose, a i united people welded in one great nationality, and because [ feel that if we suction this perilous policy, ii we do not cleanse the Parliamentary "bRAn of this perilous tuff, wa shall bring about a the disintegration of the Múgdom.ajud thocles.fcr¿w Jiof of the Umpire.','. asks motion.waa.wflèctôd '. ' -lit iL'H fair tWU U-H1W>'>W ,-"tr,,<,oul [pul! r- i won by 44 to 61. An analysis shows that of 103 Irish members 52 voted for the motion; representing 185,231 electors ; 35 against, representing 186,043 electors; while 10 were absent. India, to judge by letters which appear in the papers there is not much better contented with English dominion than Ireland. The violent language of some of the native writers is amusing, or would be so if it iv id not show that we have yet need to make our Government less hard and unsympathetic. The completed census has been published, giving for the first time an accurate survey of the Empire. Our, dominion extends over? 238,000,000 of people, about one-fourth of whom are under native princes holding authority from us. Of the remaining 183,000,000 directly governed by English officials the Hindoos number 127,000,000, the Mussulman 41,000,000, while the Protestant Christians do not yet amount to a quarter of a million. The last, however, are increasing the rate of 6d per cent, yearly, whereas the Hindoos are increasing at the rate of only 5 per cent, per annum. Travelling eastwards, we come inevitably to Fiji. On Friday last, an influential deputation, introduced by the Earl of Belmore, waited upon the Earl of Carnarvon to present a memorial in favour of annexation. Several members of Parliament were present, and the colonies were amply represented, Mr. W. A. Brodribb appear- ing in the interests of New South Wales. Mr". Chesson, an honorary secretary of the Fiji Committee, read the memorial, after which Lord Belmore spoke in its support. Three years ago, he said, a deputation waited upon him in his capacity of Governor of New South Wales, and it was pointed out to him that, not only was slavery practised in Fiji under the name of the labour traffic, but that the islands, being beyond British, jurisdiction, formed a sort of Alsatia for absconding debtors 5 and other lawless persons. Mr. M'Arthur, Mr. Dixon, M.P., and Mr. Wilson testified to the unanimous feeling in Australia in favour of annexation; Mr. Brodribb expressed his conviction that if the tribal rights of the Fijians were respected, little costing the shape of police would be required. Sir Charles Clifford having spoken for New Zealand, and the Rev. Dr. Osborn for the Wesleyan Missionary Society, the Earl of Carnarvon replied that the matter was of great importance in itself, and important also in a good many of its bear,- . ings outside the direct issue before them. The waste places of the earth were being filled up,' and, if he might so express it, there were, few outlying properties left. Each question had however to be judged upon its own, merits, and those who understood the question as it related to Fiji knew that there were peculiar; and exceptional difficulties in the case. Her. Majesty's Government had within the last few days received communications upon this question, and was at this moment actually and actively engaged in considering the matter. Morennan this, it would be improper for him to say. a The escaped Communists who have been enlightening us as to the amenities of French convict who, have published a long account of their escape to New, South Wales. Their previous silence was imposed, they say, by a hope that others might avail themselves of the same means of rescue; but the Press, by its indefatigable activity, and the French administration, by the process of investigation which it undertook, having succeeded in unveiling the principal facts, there can no longer be any harm in entering into more minute, details." According to their account tute captain of the P. C. E. undertook to ship six passengers,. whose names and character remained unknown to him, on condition that they should pay their passage in advance, with a bonus on thoiriaarival in Australia. He was not to trouble himself as to how these mysterious passengers would reach his vessel, and, in order to avoid any difficulty with his crew, he was to appear vexed at finding them in the hold after his leaving the port.. The Queensland Emigration Agents are very busy, in the country the other day I saw the walls placarded in all directions" Two Thousand Farm Labourers wanted for Queensland at once." The great Queensland, 2093 tons register, sailed for Maryborough on the 27th ultimo, being the 138th vessel which has sailed under the present system of emigration, and carrying 640 souls. In the present scarcity of horses attention is being directed " to the Australian market, where undeniably good horses are procurable.-' A question was asked in Parliament, the other night, about the eucalyptus, 'globulus, whether it had been introduced into the' Gold Coast and West Indies. Mr. Lowther, in reply, stated that its sanitary properties had been greatly exaggerated, and that, being a native of the cooler parts of Australia, it was very doubtful whether it would thrive in any thoroughly tropical climate. At a nobleman's sale, boat days ago, Gould's Birds of Australia," t> vols, folio, was bought by Messrs. Agnew for £151. The mammals of Australia, 2 vols, folio, fell to the same purchaser for 200. Among the scraps of intelligence which, I can scarcely pretend to thread together, may be named the departure of the historian, Mr. J. A. Froude, for a two-years' voyage round the world, in the course of which he will naturally " interview you for our benefit. I notice the dissolu- tion of partnership of Messrs. A. Morrison and Co., Australian merchants, whose branch at Nelson, New Zealand, dates from the formation of that settlement. Also a sharp, correspondence between Mr. P. F. Tideman, the secretary of the Eastern and Australian Mail Steam Company, and Mr. J. Byron, manager of Greville's Australian Telegram Company, in regard to the news of the disaster to the Flintshire A conference of the Submarine Telegraph Companies is being hold, as is a Cholera Quarantine Congress, the latter at Vienna. At a meeting held here yesterday, the Archbishop of Canterbury advocated the Colonial Bishoprics' Fund, in support of which addresses were delivered also by the Bishop of Melbourne and the Bishop of Lichfield. What fate awaits the Primate's Public Worship Regulation Bill a few hours may reveal ;. it is done it for second reading in the House of Commons to-night. The High Church party oppose it on the ground that an ecclesiastical tribunal should expound the law of the Church, and not a Civil Judge ; while the Dissenters resist any attempt to amend the Establishment, in the hope that so it may fall the sooner. Mr. Gladstone reappeared in the House on Monday to take part in the Scotch Patronage Bill, which he opposed as being unfair to the Free Church. Mr. Disraeli expressed honest pleasure in finding himself once more face to face with his great adversary. The Bishop of Lincoln has been making himself foolish in preaching against cre- mation as upsetting the doctrine of the resurrec- tion of the body, and in idly informing the Wesleyan ministers that they are mere laymen, and that John Wesley's ghost bids them return to mother Church. One or two city changes may be mentioned. Any of your readers who have stayed at Mawle's Hotel will be grieved to learn that the fine old lion, which for' a century and a quarter has aur i mounted the gateway of Northumberland House. : has come down, and that the massive pile of buildings is giving way to a. new street, which is to- pierce- through from Trafalgar-st june to the Thames Embankment The gloomy Leicester square is transfigured into a verdant plain with a fine Shaksperean fountain in the middle-all done by Mr. Albert Grant, M.P. for the public. We watch the comet nightly the lower classes confidently believing it to be the cause of the late drought. Despite the drought the, grain crops look remarkably well. The Wimbledon Rifle mating, is being held with unusual success. QUEDE. -_-. , ..? s M -egg TIN ROWE-The following is a return of tin , ore forwarded from Murrurundi railway station during the week ending 22nd August Tiengah, of tons 14 cwt. 3 qrs. 14 lbs. ; Gem tin mine, 1 'ton 19 cwt: 2 qrs. 7 lbs. ; Moore and Co., 5 tons 2 cwts qrs. 25 lbs. : Swinton and Darby, 3 tons is ow*V2 <jre'.'SO lbs. ; Swinton", 2 tons 7 met. : Cam- i dear, -1 let 10 OwtVVur.-B lbs, total, 20 tons G owl. I or. I8U>«v;-'''i1J -.' l-"- f''"-'' "'!-'? <lt .tiivju.'-j )if'¿,!-í It saying j i. "j a .' u 