The decisions on. thp ensos of ejectment -brought in tlic .Supremo. Court nro Ainder stood to nlfect tho right? of upwards of ono' thousand selectors, largo tuid small, aiid of them it may .hp fairly_nssutned not one 'hundred' knew ' anything, about what is eallcti diiiiim ving, or will even ho awaro how. far their' qwt) interests are concerned,. until they nppiv for their deeds. " It will thop he tlio dot.V of the proper officer to refuso.tho ii|iplicatioii, although' tho Orovt'n may hnvo gono on receiving their money up to the: ivory last moment. - And- tl|us the foolish defieicnws.of an eiiactincnt, and tho curious' intricacies of law, oporaio toi the ruiirbf, many hundreds of innocent persons, not fo speak of tho stay in expenditure and iin- provenieqt iii tho colony, wherever t|iosp dp- cisions begome known. - : Ordinarily speaking, wo sltquld not feel justified in referring to thesp cases, wero it northatrnli-sides agree to treat thp argh- pietit before tho Supreme Court in Banco as tv mere formality — always excepting the payment of lawyers— preparatory to- an appeal tq the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. It is aistop hy the way, and will affect the ultimate decision in np manner- whniever. In the mpaqtitno, writs continue to fir about—most unnecessarily, unless to "harass and antioy ho the object- in view — and the process qf litigatioq js Repeated to tho great joy of tho legal prqfossion, and disgust of all;' who are wenyy of- a vain hut costly repetition. AVe were told hy the Attorney- General that a ' few leading cases would settle tbp wholp matter. AVhy, this vvhole- sale execution of process i? to bo carried out, wo suppose yp shall, in ditc time, learn. We presume tho action to bo that of the Cabiuet — the Minister for Lands haying been for weeks past, disabled from official duty, and a. locum ienens, even though the -Premier, jvould hardly act_by himself. We take'thorwliolp pinffer tbdinvp heen a'lninis- teri.il one, pure and simple, and so , far wc will admit that tho Ministry have strayed into n consistent course of what is beginning to look something very liko oppression. A great deal has" been said about the rights of the Crown in these cases. Wo have been told that ns between subject and subject the receipt of rent would hnve amounted to a condonation .or waiver of forfeiture, but that ns the Crown is the landlord that could not he. This assumes that the Crown — i.e. the Stale — for the per sonality qf the Sovereign in property does not exist in Australia — is. not bound by the law which regulates the obligation of land lords in these colonies. Now, wo deny the fact, and secondly wo deny ..that there is any real question, of rent — whntovcr &ay; be the language of the Act, ns rent tlint is pay ment for use and occupation only— in the matter. The application of the term "Crown Lands"- is altogether a misnomer, and the Crown— i.e. tho Executive— is not a land lord in tho sense in which the representa tives of tho Crown, as landlord in England, are landlords. Tbore an estate, the personal property of tho Sovereign, has been made over to a' body responsible to Parliament in return for tbo settlement and payment of an qununl revenue, Manorial rights, and' a hundred other privileges passed. from the Sovereign of the day to the body created under the Act of Settlement, just ns to-day they would pass from the Earl of Derby to tlio'Duko of Bedford, if otto nobleman sold his property to , tho other. Tito Parliament bccatno the landlord in place of tbo reigning monarch — that was all. They took all, his rights ns a landlord, and he was no more! He held his property for'his own private purposes, extra tho State. Who had, any property for any privatp purposes in tbo un sold lands of Australia, nt the time they were handed over to the several governments of the several colonies ? In tho Act conferring what is called constitutional government, is" there a word about it, or oven in tljo cele brated Orders in Council ? Tho fact is-tho right by which tho Slate here holds tho lands is a Parliamentary trust, which has alienation for its ultimate object, and not tenure. The old hereditary rights of the Crown landlord- aro hero mere ghosts and shadows. I11 our statutory title there is no reservation made of them. Tho purposes of use are set forth tolerably clear in thp Orders in Council, hut there is uo reservation of tho kind. Had thero . been — had tbo rights of the Crown been intended to bo maintained — up lnnd law would bo worth tho rags of which its paper waB made, without Imperial sanction. To interpolato old feudal tnythB and traditiona into matters with winch they hnvo not the shadow of concern, was worthy tho narrow subtlety of common law special pit nding, but wholly beside the real question nt issue. Put there is another point to be'obsorved. Wo deny tha(i tlie_ annual .payments nroin the shape of rent in any way 'whatever, 110 matter what thp term used, and wrongly mod, in the Acts. may he. They are in part payment of an nreod purclmao money, and that they are renlly so, is illustrated by the fact that in cttsp of forfeiture by non- iinprpYoineiit, the money received will havo to lie returned! Nmv rent — money paid- lor uso and occupation— aerveB its - purpose,' aiid confers no further right! Whoever heard of a landlord returning jrent when, a lease was made void? ,Tlie simple fact! is that the case ib one very much by itself. The Stato really sella the land conditionally — 'he ci nditions are certain work and certain pay ment. The two must bo read conjunctively, it is said, and wo aro not .going tp, split hairs upon "that, hut the Slate is not to tako all the purchase money, and then say, you did not 'fulfil tho conditions within -'.tho .proper t into, If it took the cash and gnvo' its -re-' cci|>t, it was in 110 better condition than any other seller, the acceptance of tlio money votn-'idoriitiou in full, operating ns. the final completion of tho bargain. A.B. sells n house to C.D., tho payment to bo uiailo by amiuiil instalments, -and 0. L). to spend so yiueb annually iti maintenance, and' repairs. Wei!, C.D. don't, hut ho. pays'. the purchase money, and A.B. takes. it -all to tho utter most 'farthing, nud gives his receipt. Will any. lawyer in tho colonios say tint lie can slier that coiuo and turn C.D. out ? Make tbo caso stranger, and admit that although the buyer did nothing for ono year or t\vo of the term, ho' did a. great deal more than be was required to dp before tho term ran out, what then ? Now, this; last is pre- ciselv tho case with liinety.-iiinp out of a hundred of the solcctors, who, if tho dcci-. sinns wo'havo read of are really law, will bo ruined by them. . ' . . v —'tTtis-wc- believo-to-bo-a-fnir statement of the cose, as it stands, nnd wo have no doubt as to wlmt will bo the ultimato decision. _ As "to. all fhose .cases in which, after forfeiture declared, tlio- proclamations were cancelled, and tho annual purchaso _ md'iov still re ceived, unless it can ho said that a vendor am insist upon fulfilment just when it is jjnvonient for him, nnd. not wnivo his right t) forfeit by withdrawing that insi.stnnce f lien it woujd hq exceedingly incquveuicnt - fjr his own purposes — wo do not seo how iliorc can bo any doubt. And Here tho prin- ciplcs involvod in the caso pf Barton- Muir applies,' that being that no man cat) take advantage of his own wrong doing. Mum dummied for Barton", . and then re fused to give up the land, nlloging the ille gality of tho transaction. Thp Privy Council hold that that gave him pq title, Howeye'r other, people's might bo affected. In these eases the Stato proclaims a forfeiture, and then deliberately withdraws it— simply, as js well known, because it could not then repay tbo instalments already received— but actually and deliberately by tlio action of its own servants. It then -goes- on quietly taking thp money. Will, nny ono tell us Jnmt-ia forfejtnro once ''cancelled— for the cancellation of the proclamation i| cancolla- tion 'of tlio forfeiture for the timcbcing, e8pecittlly coupled with tlio continuous" re ceipt of mopey— enn ho aftertvards renewed without special notice ? Altogptlipr, it is clear that the law and the lawyers are to blame for this most'pi'5- chievous and . vexing complications. Tho .whole question is narrowed down to dry- points of lajv, of which quite enough have cropped up to indicnto by their settlement bow every case is likely to go. To multiply suits how, .is. to persecute, and not to do justice — to speculate on the position of a de fendant, and not really to vindicate a right. AVe haver reason to believo that hy the time all the cases now in hand aro settled, more than £20.000 vyill havo. -been 'expended iii. costs. AVhy spend - arf libitum to settle nothing, more than what' that enormous out lay in law will bp just sufficient to do ? AVe regret that, seeing tlio narrow- ground to which the dispute has at last got limited — legislation rather than law— a fair compro mise even — rather than this sort of war to thoknjfe — had' not been resorted to. Tho shock to investment from the revelation of the uncertain character .of onr land laws, will be very great, and, as a matter of course, all improvement upon lands affected by the decision— that is upon very many thousands" of- acres— will ' be stayed, and tho labour market, till now so prosperous, most mis chievously injured. At the earliest possible period it will- take two years before this slate of things can bo removed, unless Par liament anticipates by prudent measures tho decision of the Privy Council. Firmness is ail very well, but in the face of such great interest, surely it might be well to consider how far circumstances do not sometimes e'onvort firmness into nn obstinacy, dangerous to the community, nnd Dot very creditable to the discernment or judgment of its pos sessor. 'l'o Oca Susscbisebs. — Owing to Christmas Dny and Now .Years Day falling on- Friday, our next two issues will be published on Friday, Dec. 23, and Friday, Jan 1st. . LiN'S open fob Selection. — On nnd niter Tuesday Dee. 22, the Homestead Areas oi\ Goombungee, Piiton mid Ysnditln runs will bo open lor solciitiou at the Land Office Toowoomba ; tbo Homestead areas on Canal Crcok,EUsngowan, Gindflcld, Gooinbungco, Rosenthal, Swan Creek, S. Toolburra, Strathmillar, and Talgai runs, nt the Land Office Warwick ; and tlio Homestead areas on .Greenbonk and Warra Warra, at tbo Land Office Dolby. At the Land Office, Dniby, on Tliursduy, before Mr. Commissioner Coxcn, certificates of fulfilment of conditions were granted io John Kennedy and Situs Symcs. An application was made lor a cortiflcato of fulfilment, on behalf of the late William Kent, and granted. Tho applications of Glias. 13. Fisher nud Edward Wionholt woro accented, subject to tils approrul of the Minister lor. Lands. The cases of Alex. D. Campbell, W. D. Fisher and Charles M. Mason were postponed. Tlio applications of John Cran and W. Winks xrero refused. Marmadukn Bell, three selections, and J." A. Dell, and J. P. Bell, as executors of tlio lato Tlios. Boll, being selectors under tlio Act of- 1886, their application will bo submitted to the Hpprorul of tbo Minister for Lands. J. F. Froser, not being in attendance, bis application was dismissed. Christmas Races. — The snlo of tho grand stand, gals, booths, Ac., 011 tbo race courso took place on Monday, and realised tlio liendsoino amolint of £115. Tin's will be of considerable benefit to tlio club, ns.it will remove all doubt ss to the success of the Christ- nius Races. The grand aland boolli or refreshment room was.purcliased by J. Coruiuck, and P. Moy and E. Ryan became owners of Kos, 2 and 3. The gnte .wns bouglit.hy A. M'Goldrick, and Ilia grand stnnd nnd saddling paddock by J. Y. Blu'ck. AVe hear tlint several horses of distinguished character arc to visit us oil this occasion ; and should tho weather be flue, witli.tlio improvements lately olTcctod 011 tho courso, —grand stnnd, stables, saddling paddock Ac— for the accommodation and conrcnicnoo of those engaged in tho races, as wellns the public at large, wo may expect the forthcoming to be the most successful Cliristmas meeting ever held in Dolby! -. AVe dcoply regret to havo to record tho dcalli, at Toowoomba, on tlio 13th instant, of Mrs. Doxter, tlio wife of oar .Town. Clerk, . Tho' deceased lady had been oiling, wo believe, for eomo timo post, but a fulnl termination to her illness lied not. bcon anliui- patcd. We understand that the fine barque "Too woomba," London . Lino, is now taking her ballast oii board at Rockliamplop, and leaves for Brisbano iii tlio courso of a low days, to load wool atllio wharf of Iter agents! Messrs. J. ami O. Harris. Death or Dn. Andeii90N. — The Telegraph of Tliuridny, contains tho following, from Toowoomba .- —Dr. Charles James Andorson, -tho -Government Medical Officer hero, died sttddonly ut tlirco o'olock tills ntornipg, December 17, of disease of tlio heart. Mr, Hainan and Mr. Joseph Smith, tlio hospital dis penser, were present with the doctor when I10 died." It uppcars that tho dcccasod gentleman had bcon eiigoged. in professional daties lip to 0110 o'olook this morning, ul whiehliour lie seemed in his usual stato of health, and by tlircu o'olock hu was a corpso. Dr. Roborta wiib sent for directly Dr. Andorson was scixcd, ' but 'lie nrrived too Into to bo of,.- any service whatever. Tlio dcccasod gcntloman- wus a hrother-iii'lnw of the. Hon. A. If. Palmer... He was very much respected by. a largo circle of frionds lioro, nnd by tlio public generally. Ho leaves flro children. AVe aro informed by tologram, that 600 porsons nttoiided the funeral, which took ulneo on Friday.— En, .0.7/1 