The new Post-Office Clock. (From the Herald .) The principal clock at the General Post Office, in George street, is placed in a small chamber on the roof of the new building, immediately behind the figure of Britannia at the top of the western front. The little room containing this piece of mechanism (designed and constructed by Angelo Tornaghi) is about ten feet by seven, the upper portion of the apartment being arched and double- lined, so as to keep the interior always at the same temperature. In the comparatively narrow space thus afforded to Signor Tornaghi an ingeniously contrived clock has been constructed with due regard to the latest improvements, and presenting at the same time several novelties. The general plan of this clock is, for the most part, altogether new— so much so that a brief description of it is likely to be acceptable to our readers. The position wbich has been assigned to it is 100 feet above the level of George-street, a distance from tho public eye which, it is said, of itself at once pointed out the necessity of making the dial-plate different to those in ordiuary use. If the plan of a common clock face had been here adopted, the only figures that could have been used in the appointed space could not have been more than seven and a half inches long — a length which it is almost needless to state would, from its smallness, have been absolutely undistinguishable from below, even in Barrack-street. To obviate this difficulty in limine, Signor Tornaghi hit upon the bold expedient of having one very large Roman numeral or figure for each hour, appearing at its appointed time in the centre of the face, and continuing there until the expiration of sixty minutes compels it to give way to the next — and so on, until the whole cycle of twelve hours has thus been successively signalled. The time by this clock is thus read from every bour— the time past the hour indicated being shown by an index on an oblong (with a white diamond in the centre 13 inches by 6½) designating the minutes round the face of the clock, outside the central figure. This index, serving for the exact purpose of an ordinary "minute hand," thus travels round the rim of the dial-plate once in every hour, and shows of course the number of minutes which have elapsed since the clock struck the hour marked by the great central figure. The figures indicating the hours are each two feet two inches high, and proportionately broad. The diameter of the dial is five feet two inches. When the travelling index, answering the purpose of a minute hand, has completed its circular course of sixty minutes, the clock strikes ; and at the first stroke the number indicating the past hour instantly disappears, and its place is taken by the number indicating the hour that is being struck. The mechanism of the clock, standing on a strong wooden frame in the centre of the clock room, is elaborately finished and substantially constructed of brass and steel. The apparatus for changing the central figures in- dicating the hours is extremely ingenious, remarkable as illustrating the way in which incidental difficulties have been grappled with and overcome. The shifting is managed by means of a "double drum" of light steel rods, which at the appointed times revolves, carrying with it the twelve hour figures. By means of an eccentric each figure is made to start back when the time comes — the circular motion of the double drums replacing the figure so removed. This is effected without the slightest strain on the apparatus, and instantaneously. Each of the two drums is hexagonal, and the figures are worked on both as by a chain. One advantage of this mode of indicating the hour is this — that it admits of tbe clock being easily read from a very great distance, even when illuminated by night. The figures of the hours traversing the double drum are neatly out out of sheet iron, the back being framed with fine calico, which is white in the daytime and semi- transparent by night. The mechanism of the clock is connected with a self-acting brass apparatus, by which the gas is turned on at night (to illuminate the inside of the dial,) and turned off in the morning at the precise time when such action is required. The general me- chanism of the clock is so constructed as to be exactly regulated by an electral wire, connected with the Observatory, which will at all times most accurately give the mean time. The striking appartus is connected by a "camb" moving hammer for striking the bell (11 cwt), which is suspended outside the clock chamber, on the roof of the building. This bell (cast at Russell's foundry in this city) has a fine deep tone, but its full sonorous effect is at present injudiciously lessened by its position. Where it hangs the sound is deadened by the side roofs, the chimneys, and the large water tank. If the bell were placed further back and raised some feet above its present obstructions, the reverbrations would beyond all doubt be much louder, and be audible to a much greater distance. Everything connected with this clock is of colonial manufacture— even to the electric battery by which it is worked. PERSEVERANCE.— Having made a wise and deliberate selection of a business; go on with it, Persevering mediocrity is much more respectable; and unspeakably more useful than talented inconstancy. In the heathery turf you will often find a plant chiefly remarkable for its peculiar roots; from the main stem down, to the minutest fibre, you will find them all abruptly terminate as if shorn or bitten off; and the silly superstition of the country people alleges, that once on a time it was a plant of singular potency for healing all sorts of maladies; and, therefore, the great enemy of man, in his malignity, bit off the roots in which its virtues resided. This plant, with this quaint history, is a very good emblem of many well meaning, but little effecting people. The efficacy of every good work lies in its comploeion ; and all their good works terminate abruptly, and are left off unfinished. The Evil One frustrates their efficacy by cutting off their ends ; their unprofit- able history is made up of plans and projects, schemes of usefulness that were never gone about, and magnificent undertakings that were never carried forward ; societies that were set a-going then left to shift for themselves, and forlorn beings who for a time were taken up and instructed, and just when they were begin- ning to show symptoms of improvement were cast on the world again. But others there are, who, before beginning to build, count the cost, and having collected their materials, and laid their foundations deep and broad, go on to rear their structure, indifferent to more tempting schemes and sublime enterprises subsequently suggested. The man who provides a home for a poor neighbor is a greater benefactor of the poor, than he who lays the foundation of a stately alm- house, and never finishes a single apartment. The patriot who had set his heart on abolishing the slave trade, and after twenty years of rebuffs and revilings, of tantalized hope and disappointed effort, at last succeeded, achieved a greater work than if he had set afloat all possible schemes of philanthropy, and then left them, one after the other, to sink or swim. So short is life, that we can afford to lose none of it in abortive undertak- ings, and once we are assured that a given work is one which it is worth our while to do, it is true wisdom to set about it instantly, and when once we bave begun it, it is true economy to finish it. NERVOUS EXCITEMENT.— In a state of high nervous excitement, such as that caused by extreme religious enthusiasm, both sight and hearing are deranged, and the person sees objects that are not present, and hears words that are not spoken. So vivid, in fact, may be the false impressions, that they may overpower real ones made at the same time; and a man may honestly testify to having seen sights, and heard sounds, that never existed. There have been many instances of this kind, in which persons have seen false images of people so distinctly, from a morbid state of the eye, that they could not tell the false appearances from real ones. One gentleman afflicted in this way used to have his room, at times, crowded with people, and could tell them from real beings only by speaking to them, or trying to touch them. When he met a friend in the street he was never sure, without accosting him, whether it was really his friend or his image. Being a scientific man, he was neither terrified at this, nor superstitious about it, but put himself at once under a course of medical treatment, which soon banished all the ghosts. False Pride. — False pride is a terrible affliction. The person who suffers from it is as sorely to be pitied as one who is subject to a tooth-ache. Can I say no more than that ? Yes, there is a great advantage on the side of the martyr who has an aching tooth ; it is only too glad to be rid of it. He will endure the torture of extraction, and gulp with relief when it is out. But who ever knew a victim to false pride who desired to be rid of his torture? No one. The people who are crushed most cruelly beneath that tyrant's heel call him Proper Pride, and rejoice in him. A sense of respect for the opinions of others is a great protection to as when we are only ashamed of doing what is wrong and base, and contemptible, and when conscience is the judge before whom we stand. But there are a great many people who would defy con- science, who will not even obey her dictates, lest they should thereby offend the omnipotent Mrs Grundy at her meanest. It is false pride that keeps many a man always in anxiety. His income allows a moderate style of living, but he is ashamed of living within it. He must be stylish or die. So there is neither peace , in his heart nor rest in his brain, and bills he cannot pay are for ever becoming due; and duns are at his door perpetually. Providence is accused of his sudden death. Providence had arranged that he should live long and comfortably ; false pride worried him to death. False pride causes men and women, too, to cut their friends when they wear shabby clothes ; to tell dreadful fibs with the view of making themselves greater than they are; to hide their virtues and boast of their vices; often to restrain the best feeling of their natures. None of us but have suffered little from this feeling — if only to the extent of with- holding an opinion that is just and true, or assenting to something with our lips which our heart refuses to sanction. THE CAT'S LOVE OF HOME. — It is true that in general the cat is fonder of places than of people. He likes the old home because he knows it thoroughly ; because, he has investigated its every retreat from dogs and other enemies; be- cause he, a weak animal, feels sure that he can there feed and protect himsolf. Moreover, his bump of locality is prodigious, as is shown by the ease with which he finds his way back to the familiar spot, though carried blindfold a long distance from it. A friend of mine transported a cat several times five miles from home, and dis- missed it into the wide liberty of earth, only to find it at his house when be returned, or after- ward. A Flemish peasant, says Chamfleury, offered to bet that his cat would get home from a distance of eight leagues sooner than twelve pigeons which should be let loose with him. The wager was accepted, and the animal won it. Another story of Chamfloury's concerns the favourite grimalkin of a village curate who was made rector in a little city five leagues from his former parish. Besides te hcat, the priest's family consisted of an old servant and a crow. Tommy was something of a thief; the crow had a passion for pecking at his quadruped companion ; the granny scolded them both, and the rector interested himself in these small quarrels. Tbe day after the removal, to the great grief of priest, granny and cow, the cat disappeared. A few days later he was found caterwauling around the old parsonage, was seized, and carried back to the rectory. A second flight; the successor of the curate was kept awake by the nightly lamentations of the animal ; another forcible restitution, pussy being now in a frightful state of leanness. The old houskeepor tried to win him by kindness, fed him luxuriously, ond left the pantry open so that he could indulge his propensities for small stealings. All useless; once more the ancient parish resounded with his cater- wauling; there was danger that wrathful peasants might blow him out of the world with sacriligious fowling-pieces. But the affection of the house- keeper followed him, and she persuaded a masculine friend to undertake his reforma- tion. The cat was caught more, popped into a sack, and dipped in a puddle, after which he was carried to the rectory dripping wet and in a state of indignation which can be imagined. The remedy was effectual, and here ended the escapades. Cats were made uneasy by changes in then domicile. When I lately had a door opened between two rooms in my house, my two pussies surveyed the operations of the carpenters with evident anxiety and mistrust, frequently coming up to me with a look which seemed to say. "Do you know what these men are about?' The door finished, they examined it from one side; walked round the chimney and examined it from the other side; peered through, drew back, looked aloft, smelled, investigated in every fashion ; all this before venturing to make use of the new passages. If there is a packing of trunks, a preparation for removal or for a journey, these animals are equally disturbed. In short, they ares liver-grey Conservatives. — Atlantic Monthly. 