; ? THE; TiAl-TiCli DAY. SAt'NTS.' , The .aunounccincnt that, Mr. William Ge.ddes, who styles hi.mself .an ??? ujilor' from S.ilti Lake City, : tlio abode of tlie Mormons,' or-, Livtter. l!)ny Saints, would deliver, an/ adc\ress at the Odcifellows' Hall, drpw to gether ;a considerable 11 umber of1 persons of both.sejces oi),SiiiidiLy,afternoo.n;' AIr:Gcddes,, who is a middle-aged iiiaii, has a gopcl voice, but, lisomuwliat nionotonous delivery. He is flupnt in . speech, though his address .was at times rambling m\d rather iiicohe.renti but . his intimat.e aequaintaiice with SbriptuiCj of whicji he.appeai-ri to have, been .a. diligent;, student, materially assists him whenever he fiii'ds himself rantiiiig away .'.'froin'i the point he. is. trying.to impress .u]i,in his hearers. It is not too much to say that nearly every one present was; 'clisappuin fed in tliui subject of. ijhe. adilrpss. .-,Visi.ous..Qf minute .descriptions, of Brigh.'iin Vming and his ? ih-iny \yives, reasons iiiisupporb of polygamy, r'uets about Sal.t-£iu|ce Gtty, and.other iufiiniuitio.n of an interesting charucter iloateil before the minds, off. those. - who went to h:ar Mr Geddes ; bijtwhen- he. announced that he was going to talk about.' 'the, great plan' of sal ration,' evident surprise and 'disappoint- ment, was depicted in the faces of many persons, and several of.them very .soon aftor \vai-ds;left the. hall: However-; iliose' wlio remained liiid.th,e.Siitisf action of. hearing a partial exposition of the views of the .Vlor inqiis, and-al6o.n' little about Brighani Youiifr.' iIr,.Geddes hegiin by. desiring, any rep»r,ter,s. of; the Press present to 'take-' their sents at th'otable on;tho;plii,tfoiw; : and ialsoi.isked any gentleman- who ? wished b: .qccupy, the chairs placed there, but no one responding to-the-invitatibii, he olferbd up ;i prayer whii-|i the; nipst, orthodox .elerjiynnni., could, not have taken excepi ion to. Hu'th en began hy saying that. lie ? liiul -received the most courteous-treatment fr^nj.the p.uqple o.f: this: colbny: , Me congratulated Tusn'ian'inns 011 the.greatcnterprise they had.- shown in the de.velopmentrof .their country, which, ho. 'said',', was a' beautiful land, with a nice climate, and:vor|y-.iiiuch.improvedi'by. the igacd'uiis: in it., After these., p.r.oliin'jnary. (latlering remarks, he announced that he was going to talk about .the great plan of'salyatioii. All his preaching, he said,' bis teaching, and his exhortation, was strici'lyin accordance with the;Scri|ituros.,, Before-he 'gave out his text, however, he. .briefly alluded to the people to' whom he belonged,. of whose history, lie ?ai(l,- those.-, present , probably .. knew .'very little. . What they, did know was perhaps . from -litfile sketches in the newspapers,' writtenvby-npi-.sons:,w)io-, htul. visited. Salt, Lake City, and obtained false impressions of the 'people.' ; Mr-Geddes ?proceeded ' to say tha,t 1 he. i should cndqavorirto.-'-. -examine; the Gospel as.it was established .upon the.earth by the Great Captain- of Salvation, 'and : for this ;purnpsp he; hoped J his , hearer3, would, exercise their patience. for the. space of an. hour and a-hiilf or two hours,1 jiist. as the Spirit gayfl liiin; utterance. - Sev'q'riil-; persons looked rather gloomy at such a prospect, and ya!ked out, but ? Hr' Geddes, without noticing., the -.exit, gave- out ihistextr-lGth' chapter of -^lark, beginning at the 15th. verse-e'Gb ye into all: thc'world; and preach the.Gospel to , every creature, &c.; The Scripture distinctly laid down, lie argued,' that there was to- be- bud one faith, brie-' lord, and- one. 'baptism:.; ..and yet how was it that, 'by 'the'- last statistics, .it ? wii^, found,, that there were -650 different- d'en'ornirintion's bn:the .earth.?;- If thoro,. was one -faith, one lord', one bapti.sni throughout .the world, ?would :nbt a man find 'a brother in every part.of the , ei\rth whorever he -might ' go? f And would riot every one ' know the Lord, even from- the least' to the greatest'? He wished,tosee,ihe;:snid,:if,. the.- Gospel which: was taught in the Bible cou,ld be iound iii. the world at the present time ? and 'first of all he- took, up; the que,stion^of ;baptisai,-.-;cp:n-i tending that infant,. sp,rinklif|g^ was.-, cautr,ary. to. the teachings of .the JNew. Testament, and' that,' iri-notadheriri' toadiilt immersion; the'- ^hurche's;; had/; departed liroih thie '.ordinance ' ? laid; down |in the Scriptures.' \yhafc'an awf til- , idilomma, Mr' Go'ddcs .'exclainied, tho world ' was in.nt tho present Ume 1 referring to.,the \- manner in which it had sct'asidc the laws -and. iordinanoes given by Christ-; Heithen traced' 'tho history. of ithe Christian : Church ; held: . :that:tho rock referred to in.-tlie passage 'on! ?this; rock will I build my churoh' wns the:, rock of revelation, and said that the, Rprnanr .-Catholic Church was' established, by the sword. Luther, Calvin, mid' -Bunyan, ho admitted, wore great and gooil in 211, and b.-ul :done a good work- ; but Calvin had acknowledged that the reason why the. ;Churclies - 'did. not: rceivo -the % blessings stated in '-.'. tho Scriptures ?becnuse thoy had departed frorii the Gospel, illn quoted from tho I-Uth of Revelations, anil said that he understood that the Almighty :had actually sqnt hisangpl.to -.restore all the lawsand orilinancos of Christ. The Almijihty had commenced -I hut great wnr.k,,and -that 'Gospel had ? be.cn again restored, and that ,w'as the tpstiiiiDiiythat he (Mr Guddej;) was sent to bear to all. nations, and kindle Is, and tongues, and people. He urged upon his lie.arers to repent, and be baptisud. The whole argument of the speaker wa? to show [that the- laws and ordinances' of Christ, had been departed from by every church in Christendom, and that it existed alone among the Latter Day Saints. There were 20(),00;- people in the Salt Lake territory, he said. Those of them who went out..to,prcach.did' not receive a penny for their service;'. Ho himself hid borne his own expenses to Tas mania to come nnd prpnch the gospel. He had.left his family arid nil that he, had, and that was the general rule. If a man wns called : to. pro ich the gospel, he left every thing, took up^the cross, and went forth. They believed they were w-ak, instru ments called forth in these ? days to go and preach the gospel. They took groat trouble to educate themselves mid their children, and to become familiar with the history of- different 'ands and the com mandments of God. He himself- spoko by. the gift of the power of the Holy Ghost. Ho had been thirty years among the, mormons ; when he was a more child, he left all his relatives and joined that people. He . knew that a grent portion -/f the world de.spised Brigham Young, who wns one of thegrentest benefactors: of the age. He (M.r-Geddi's) had travelled with .Mr Young by- day: and by night, and he knew him .to he a good man ; and .those present would say the same if they could only shako his band. They were a benevolent people al- Salt, Lnkc. They allowed any one to proK-h in their Inrgo tabernacle ; it did not, matter what- or who a manworshippcil, they would let him have the tabernacle But they were a persecuted people. iWr Geddes said ho knew many per sons 'would- Hike, to hear something about marriage,: because hispeople were stifrmntisod with having more wives than one ; hut ns be had not time to tnneh on that subject nmr, he would take it up next Sunday affi-nv-wiii. , The proceedings were clo«cd with 'priivor, after which a number of tracts wcm--; \\\\\a tributed.. . ???; . ?' 