MISC0ELLANEOUS A Chicago widower is so afraid of his wife's ghost appearing unto him, that he sleeps with a pistol under his pillow. A poetrecently sent asong entitled 'What shall my Love, wear ?" to an editor; the lattei-"regarded'the question wholly in its moral aspect, and sat down and wrote a kind but firm article, recommending her to wear clothes. " A drunken Irishman was found by his friends' (in New York)"'lying in" the snow, with his heels upon the fence, warmnug his toes by the moonlight. He was muttering, "What a cowld fire you have got, Biddy .arlin'! Have on some wood, or my futs will fraze. ' A Yankee editor sent to his compositors, recently, a paragraph headed, "A Plea for Corsets." A smile of sweet content crossed his countenance when he saw it in the paper, "A Flea in Corsets," and he went hunting about for the poker to present to the brigand who had misrepresented him. AN ODD TAsTE.-"And have you had no other sons ?" asked a curious lady of a bronzed old sea captain.. "Oh yes, madam. I had one that lived in the South Sea Islands for nearly a dozen years." "Really ! Was he bred there, and what was his taste-the sea or the lan-1 ?" "No, madam, hlie wasn't bread, he was meat-leastways the natives ate him; and as for his laste-the chief said he tasted of terbackar." SHints ART.-Virgil Williams, the artist, is arrived in town. Visitors to the art gallery at Woodward's Gardens will" regard his advent with some apprehension. ' And so, for that matter, will visitors at the Fair The few weeks of the exhibition will be amply sufficient for this gentleman to knock off a halt acre of landscapes to afflict us. He possesses some merit as an artist, but it is hard to tell whether it lies in landscape or marine painting; you never can tell his cows from his ships, except when they have their tails exalted, when the absence of spars be trays their character. Even then they may be mistaken for schooners scudding under bare poles. H.ATriTY AND INJuRIEs.-The Still-River ice-company have been engaged in the past week securing their crop of ice, and have had a lively time of it. This was espe?ially the case on Saturday, when a cake of ice prema turely slid dovn the gully and into the legs of Russell White, who was nearly deprived of those useful appondages ,by the-is. hook. Forrunately no bones were broken. About the same time a cake which was being hauled up let go to spit on its hands or something of that sort, and came down again with such velocity that the gentleman who was stand ing below watching it, hacked away with so much precipitation that hlie fell over another cake, and rapped the back of his head so sharply as to render him unconscious for a few moments. The third mishap was to one of the helpers on the pond, who would have been drowned had it not been for a buckskin mitten. We didn't learn how the buckskin mitten saved him, but .presume he either crawled inside ofit and floated to shore, or straddled it near the thumb and signailed to a passing vessel-Danbury News. THE MAN WHO CARRIED HIS POINT:.-The following .ridiculous story is told of a neigh boring committee man. The evening before the day on which he was to pay an official visit to the school, his wife put a new ceil ing in his pants, and accidentally left the needle where she did the work. Arriving at the school, he stiffly returned the salutation of the polite teacher, and majestically settled into the "company chair" It didn't seem to the most acute observer that he had but just touched the chair, when he at once began to ascend. A wave of perplexed pain passed over his face, as his hand soothingly parted his coat tails. The look of bland surprise from the teacher drew from him the blushing explanation that he never could sit on a "cane seat." A wooden chair was at once_ offered him, into which lie dropped almost as swiftly as he got out of it again. The in stant he struck on his feet, he shook his- fist angrily in thd face of the astounded tutor, and hoarsely. shoutiug,-"I kin whip the pewserlanermus man what stuck'thle pin in them cheers, he cauglht up his hat and fled home.. "Lor, Eben !":exclaimed his wife, is he tore into the house;. "What's the matter with you ?" "Matter !" shouted the in furiated man, as he snatched off his coat and flung it out of the window, "'IT have been made the fool of the entire district by that sneakin' teacher," and his Sunday hat flew through another window. "Pins stuck into my cheer as I was asetten down as onsus pishuslike as I am asettin down now in my own- " "Lucretia !" he ominously howled, as he sprung out of that chair, and spasmddically went for the wounded part with both hands, "you're foolin' with yout best friend now, and he ain't in the humour to stand the triflin." in an instant it flashed into the good lady's mind what the trouble really was. In the next instant Eben's nether garment was over her arm, and there -there in the midst of the repairs glistened the source of all the annoyance. The un fortunate man gave one brief stare at the evil thing, and falteringly remarked as he thought of the future, "I'd agin twenty dollars, Lucretia, if you hadn't found it." -Danbury News. 