$EH¡IEINE CHIT-CHAT FROM ENGLAND. (FROM A LADY CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, Nov. 15. I have been making a round of autumn visits of late, and some of the houses were so delightfully furnished, more especially a large one in the North, that I am tempted to describe it. All the bedrooms were alike, save in the matter of colour. All had black carpets, black furniture picked out with gold, cretonne curtains, the walls being covered with the same instead of paper, and cretonne elder down quilt to match. The pattern of the cretonne was the same everywhere, but the colours varied. The drawingroom, a very large one, was also quite unique ; but what struck me most were large Venetian glass vases in- each corner, holding a green bough of a tree cut (specially for the purpose, and removed every few days. In the matter of needlework, the chief novelty is the Honiton lace work, made with what is called Honiton lace braid, which merely requires to be connected by a few twisted threads, so is that it is extremely easy and most useful and effective when done, as you may judge, for in a week I have just worked two yards of the lace, four inches wide ; four round doyleys (these are admirable, being so transparent that they show the pattern of the dessert plates through), and two hand banner screens. The lace does admirably for a trimming for dresses or furniture. Then the spaced or open braid is being much used for point lace. Every inch or so of this bird is of a different pattern, so that when used it has all the appearance of various stitches, and has only to be united by bars. Five o'clock tea is quite as much the rage as ever ; the last innovation, however, is a kind of double table, to which class handles are attached, so that it and the whole tea equipage can be brought in at once. On the lower table are the cups and saucers, with the bread and butter, cake, &c.; on the smaller upper table, attached by four legs, the tea, coffee, cream, and sugar. The Compte de Chambord is not to reign in France, it seems, and so long as the Government is undecided the fashions are, it appears, likely to be the same. Paris is dear, dull, and badly lighted, and boasts of few novelties. The shop windows are, I hear, most notably filled with earrings of eccentric forms, such as lamps, padlocks, chandeliers full of candles, bottles of Vichy water, grey parrots with red tails, and the like, side by side with hooks for umbrellas and fans to be attached to the waist. This is all a friend who has just returned thence could find to chronicle as new 1 Alas, poor Paris ! It is an ill wind, however, that blows nobody good, and our London tradespeople, who appear now to be really able to turn out well arranged and well fitting dresses, thrive the more. Everybody is full of regret for poor Sir Henry Holland, who, at a very ripe old age, has just passed peacefully away three days after his return from a visit to Versailles to hear the Bazaine trial. We shall all miss him, for we never thought of him as old, and, as a matter of course, expected to see him every where in society, whether a dinner party or a wedding. He had certainly enjoyed his life to the full, and the " Recollections that he published a short time since were so interesting that everybody is hoping a posthumous continuation may soon be announced. His second wife was the daughter of Sydney Smith. Few men ever saw more of the world of his time. Like most active minded people, he was of a very cost less habit, and even while eagerly discussing any particular topic with him, he would make sudden darts to distant corners of the room, or towards other people present, with a kind of double-action of the mind, not losing the thread of your narrative, and yet intent on something else. The good old King of Saxony is another of the veto mis whom death has laid his hands upon. Few courts ever possessed a more thoroughly home element than that at Dresden. Only a short time ago I was present at the celebration of the golden wedding of the fond old couple, who had lived through 50 years of peculiar trial together, bereft as they had been of so many children. The religion of the country is Lutheran, but the reigning family are Catholic; and every Sunday the visitors who thronged the grand old Catholic church turned eager eyes towards the kind of private boxes, with their closely barred windows, near the high altar, whence the Royal family joined in the service, and were clearly visible through the said windows, which were opened only when they came. Those who had the entree to the Court circle had many anecdotes to tell of the kindly interest the Sovereign took in their welfare. Court receptions here differ from ours for the King and Queen walk amid their guests, and have a kindly word for all. The civic banquet on Lord Mayor's Day at the Guildhall passed off with great éclat, and some 800 guests partook of the now Lord Mayor's hospitality notable among them most of the Ministers, who made famous post-prandial speeches of self-congratulation, when they had partaken of the good fare provided. The Guildhall, on these occasions, presents a very brilliant aspect. The high table this year had been removed from the east end to the south entrance, where it was backed by crimson cloth, flowers, and such a buffet of plate that many a king might be ransomed by it. The entire hall is fitted with tables for guests, judges, and common councilmen, and raised on a kind of pulpits above them are the huge barons of beef, which the men-cooks in their white dresses carve. What with the Lord Mayor and sheriffs, in purple velvet and scarlet robes and chains of office, the maze- rine and fur gowns of the common council men, the judges in their wigs, and the ministers in their ministerial dress, it is very unlike a 19th century banquet. The formal reception which precedes the banquet took place in the Grand Free Library, opened last year. Here the Lord Mayor, the Lady Mayoress, the sheriffs, and their wives, stand surrounded by the sword bearer, dressed like a barrister, the re- membrance, in black robes and a fur cap, like a sable grenadier and some six young ladies, who on the present occasion were dressed in white, two trimmed with maize, two with blue, and two with rose colour. The Lady Mayoress was magnificent, in a claret velvet train, trimmed with lace, over a maize Silk petticoat and a profusion of diamonds. The Coldstream Guards Band was in attendance. Nov. 26. Of all the charming venues" in England where balls are given, commend me to the Pavilion at Brighton. It owes its origin to the " First Gentleman in Europe," so called though neither honour nor indeed goodnes i of any kind appears to have come within the category of his gentlemanly vir tries. In the days when it was a Royal residence the Court life was replete with extravagance and splendour, and the Prince surrounded himself with many adjuncts of Oriental magnificence. When the town of Brighton bought the ex- police it was of course shorn of much of its glory, but it still retains sufficient to make the balls there unlike any others in England. Indian people say it reminds them of some Rajah's palace, and to some of us it recalls fairy tales and last scenes of pantomimes ever thing, in fact, but ordinary every day ballrooms in An. 187.' It has been the scene of many gay gatherings of late. In old days it was always the rule that the first great public ball of the season should be the so-called " Hospital Ball," viz., a pay ball, held in aid of the Brighton Hos- pital and it has given rise to a paper was and no end of ill- feeling this year, that the rule has been set aside, and that the Archery Club announced theirs a week before, on the 13th instant. This said Archery Ball has ever been a favourite one, though not very large ; but on the present occasion the residents kept away, and the company were less numerous than heretofore. You have to buy your tickets, however, and as the expenses were covered, and no su: plus fund was required, it didn't matter much. Dancing took place in the so called music-room" all red and green and sold, to with a ceiling on which lizards, 'dragons, and the like repose, and from which hang chandeliers red and gold, also in the form of some fantastic creature more fanciful than true to nature. An excellent supper was served in the banqueting-room, In huge apartment, hung with silk, bearing more than life sued effigies of mandarins j and mundarineBses, if there are such people, j But when the Hospital Ball took place, on the _ 20th inst., the whole suite was thrown open, which means that the company danced in the music and banqueting rooms, and also in the pretty octagon room. These are all on the ground floor, united by a long corridor, and a series of drawing rooms which run parallel. The latter form most charming lounges for chaperones, and for the dancers, too, between whiles, and they also boast of rich di species and other remains of old splendour, to remind them of its legal days. At the Hospital fete no decorations are attempted ; but at the Archery great taste is displayed, especially in the corridor, the end of which is blocked up with looking-glass peeping from among evergreens, targets, and bows and arrows ; the fireplaces and mantel- pieces too are transformed into tasteful floral bowers. The Croquet Club Ball and the Children's Hospital Ball are announced to take place at the Pavilion within the next week or so, and, what people like better than anything, there are to be some afternoon dances there. These are got up under the auspices of a few gentlemen ; the tickets are cheap, but the company is confined to a small coterie, the most select of the place. They meet at 4 and dance till 7. The music room is lighted for dancing, and the ladies j come in pretty demi toilette dresses, and tea and ices only are required in the matter of refreshments. Long accounts of dresses are wearisome, so I shall content myself with describing two among the most fashionable , toilettes I have seen worn at the Brighton ! balls. The one was a mixture of light blue and "Prune de Monsieur" (a kind of dark ! violet) silk, The front breadth was blue, made with slight perpendicular puffings, a wide flounce of the same at the edge ; the> there were two large robes of blue silk on either side, apparently buttoning on to a long narrow train of the Prime de Monsieur I silk surrounded by a wide flounce of the same, headed by narrow but very fine point lace. It was made very bouffant at the waist, and in the front falling over the blue skirt was a short pointed tunic of the violet ; j the bodice was the same, cut heart-shape back and front, and edged with the point lace, the sleeves coming to the elbow and trimmed with book muslin simply button 1 holed at the edge, a style of garniture much A in favour now. The headdress was blue ribbon, point lace, and a gold aigrette. The I other dress was a skirt of red silk made with narrow flounces to the waist, on alternate ones of which were rows of Brussels lace ; , the bodice and tunic were made of a fawn , coloured brocaded silk, with bunches of cerise flowers upon it trimmed with red silk j frilling and lace ; the bodice a high square, ' with a red silk waistcoat and tulle folds across the neck, the headdress a large white tulle Charlotte Corday cap with a diamond pins. I have described this dress because the bodice and tunic were made of antique silk, far too rich, thick, and thoroughly good tone of modern manufacture Nothing is more to la mode now than these I ancestors' old dresses, if one be fortunate enough to have any. If you have let me recommend you to have them made up at once. They will last your time, and probably your children's. 1 The school board elections have been going on of late, and women have been very eager and persevering candidates, and the general opinions seem to be that their presence is really necessary on these said Educational Committees, and many have been elected, among them one of the most prominent of the defenders of ! women's rights, Miss Lydia Beecher. Alas 1 sad to relate, people appear very pleased to get any amount of labour out of these energetic women, but very few seem to command any great amount of liking from the world in general in proof thereof, this year when the worthy citizens of Bradford hospitably opened their doors to most of the mem bers of the British Association during its meeting there, no one could be found venturesome enough to offer board, lodging, and shelter to a distinguished member of the Women's Rights section. Heads of families seemed to fear that wives and mothers might be impregnated with the doctrines, and rumours were afloat that this advocate of women's rights had on former occasions proved somewhat of a firebrand in other households. You see what a penalty women pay for being ahead of their age, and stepping out of the groove society has appointed them. The approach of Christmas is beginning to be keenly felt by us all, and though we have quite another month of 1873 to enjoy, almanacs for 1874 stare at us from many shop windows, some of them in highly ornamental and many-coloured bindings. Young folks must have a surfeit of pictures nowa- days ; happily they are not critical judges, for most of these pictures are reprints, and often not first-rate. Everybody seems to consider it a duty to indulge in Christmas numbers, and in consequence lose patience over a harvest of trash. A bright exception to this is Jionl ledge's Christmas Animal, consisting of a capital ghost story, "Fairy Water," written by Mrs. Riddell. She has, no doubt, founded her tale on some tradition she has heard of Not all the arguments in the world will quite disabuse people's minds of the belief in such weird visitants. Only this autumn, in the north of England, I was shown a fine old country house, where it is asserted that -at two consecutive births a headless dog has appeared to the mother and nurse, declaring somehow or other (ghosts, I suppose, do not require tongues with which to speak) that no heir to the family should be born there and live; thereupon from that time both babies gradually weakened and died. No body attempted to give any explanation of the story, but I had the pleasure of dancing afterwards at one of the counts balls with the present heir to the property, the third child born, but not in the old house. The Bcbjravian Annual is just the kind of book one would like to take as a companion on a railway journey; short, pithy stones with not much in them, but just amusing enough to keep up one's interest. "A Troubled Night," by Mrs. Price, is perhaps the most thrilling. Do you send Christmas cards to each other at Christmas as we all do at home 1 If so, I hope the latest and prettiest ones issued this season will reach you. Such delicate groups of flowers on grey backgrounds, such comical sketches of roast beef and plum- pudding transformed into old English ser- tors, or old English gentlemen. The newest designs I have seen are figures in old English dresses, quite distinct from the card, onvthichis a rural scene by way of back- ground, and attached by a wreath of flowers, and some good sketches of sacred subjects highly coloured and dotted over with gold stars. There is rather a harvest of news novels too just now; but two well-known authoresses Bills hold their own among the most liked, viz., Rhoda Broughton and. Miss Braddon. People are raving about " Nancy, " by the former, a very natural tale of every-day life, the earlier part detail- ing the fun and pranks of a large family of boys, most amusing and mirth inspiring. Like all her books, it is a little coarse now and then for a lady's work. Miss Braddon's " Lucius Davoren " is, as all her books are clever, but highly improbable, the coincidences being even too preposterous for a novel. People are continually turning up just as they are wanted in the most impossible manner. Alas, in real life they are more prone to appear when not wanted. There are several fancy balls being given now, but the rage for calico balls has not reached us yet. They have proved wonderful successes in the cool season in India. They are fancy balls, only the dresses must be made of cotton ; but as they can be trimmed with any expensive ornaments, very effective and handsome costumes are arranged. _ ' 