LITERATURE, SUPERSTITIONS ABOUT FLOWERS. The mediaeval painters, who delighted to picture every event in the life of the Virgin Mary, surrounding her with all the accessories which could possibly be made to symbolise her virtues, such as a pitcher, of water to indicate her frugality, and a distaff to show her industry, fixed upon a white lily as an emblem of her (purity. , Sometimes, in the paintings of the Annunciation, Gabriel is presenting her with one sometimes she is holding a single flower, or a cluster of them, in her hand; sometimes she is sitting at her) work, or reading the Old Testament Scripture, or kneeling, and a pot of fines is on the table near. a ., a ~ When she becomes an object of worship -pas Queen of Heaven, according to the behalf of her votaries another flower; < I am say I- was consecrated to her-the marigold, 1 because the petals which surround its disk were taken to resemble beams of glory, such as were supposed to radiate from her head. But these are by no means the only flowers which the Catholic church includes in its vast array of symbols. Chief among them is the passion flower, in which the credulous find so many evidences pointing to the crucifixion of our Lord, imagining that, in the form of the stamens, they discover a cross, and in the arrangement of the circles of petals three distinct crowns, in remembrance of the tradition that he was thrice crowned with thorns: and they further say that it blooms about Holy rood Day-that is, the day on which the Empress Helena found His cross. The chrysanthemum is the Christ's flower, because it bloomed on the morning of his birth : " And it is told in stories old That this fair blossom first On that blest morn, when Christ, was born, into white beauty burst. " Perhaps-ah ! well, we cannot tell If truly it be so j I but repeat the legend sweet, And only this I know That in the prime of Christmas-time The Christ's sweet flowers blow. " Another, which commemorates His death, blossoms in Palestine half the year round, it is said, reddening the plains from north to south, and grows nowhere else, except as it is cultivated by pilgrims who have carried it home across the seas The legend, is, that, when His side was pierced, the blood dropped to the earth, and flowers sprang up, and they are known as the blood drops of Christ. There are similar legends of growers that started up from the ground where Mary set her feet. The superstitions go still further, if possible, in naming a flower for the Holy Ghost the Espiritu Santo-which grows from a bulb indigenous to the Isthmus of Panama, and is very delicate and beautiful, and has in the centre (some formation of the stamens and pistol, undoubtedly) that which looks like a tiny, milk-white dove, with a pink tipped bill. The saints have their flowers, such [as John's worth and Herb Margaret and Mary Magdalene is supposed to be; held in remembrance by the roses which begin to shed their petals on her day, or near it. And the Trinity has found many representations besides that which St. Patrick happily Chanced upon, when, in trying to explain it to the native Irish, his eye fell on the shamrock at his feet ; none more appropriate, perhaps, than the fleur de lis, with its three receiving petals and its other three arched in a canopy above them. By some of the trefoil plants, Hope was formerly symbolised. She is shown clad in three colours, and holding a piece of three-leaved grass, the meaning of which does not appear. The old Greeks and Romans had a share in this consecration of flowers and trees. The olive was for Minerva, the marigold and myrtle for Venus, the poplar for Hercules. Purple and white flowers were acceptable to the dead, especially amaranthus, with which the tomb of the lamented Achilles was strewn. Their veneration for the plane tree was manifested by your ishing its roots with wine, as a gardener would sprinkle water because, they said, this tree loved wife. None of those stories of the heathen mythology which tell of the transformation of human or celestial beings into plants or trees are so beautiful as that one in which the North American Indians give the origin of their maize, which is, in substance, that a beautiful girl, pursued by a river-god, took refuge among the reeds, training them about her to hide herself, upon which her slender form was changed into a graceful stalk, her teeth into milk-white kernels, and her lovely, floating hair into silk and in place of reeds and maiden, there stood only a tall bending stalk of Indian corn ; so that, ever after, in the rustle of a waving corn-fields the red man could hear the stirring of a company of timid girls. But there is a darker aspect to this legendary lore. In some particularly superstitious parts of Germany they believe the aspect is the freedom which. Judas hung himself that it was as calm a tree as any until then, but from that hour it began to shiver, and has done so ever since. And the Mexicans say that the rich reddish-brown spots with which the French marigold is so elegantly mottled are splashes of the blood of Mexican soldiers slain by the Spaniards. Then, again there are the supernatural the almost diabolical-influences which are attributed to certain plants, such as the famous grasstree, and that other Eastern tree, which according to the account, is so deadly that if a hot wind passes over it, an odour is carried along which is fatal to whoever ' breathes it. Old letters, written from Paris in 1642, by that mythical personage the "Turkish Spy," describes a plant, cultivated in a garden of that city, that " blasts all that grows within ten cubits of its roots. They call it the ill- neighbour." He declares that there was a withered circle around it, while the tree itself was green and thrifty. Doubtless some truth lies behind all this folly for it would be easy to magnify into a terror the innocent peculiarity of such a tree as the Pride of China, whose berries have stupefying qualities, which so affect the birds that eat them that they drop to the ground in a state of mild intoxication. Another of the uncanny plants is the mandrake, called by the Arabs the devil's candle," on account of a phos- phorescent kind of glow it has in the night, and yet it is as guiltless of evil as the lettuce, which it reminds one of in the fashion of its growth a large bunch ) of leaves springing direct from the root, ' but of a darker green than lettuce. ' In the months of may, in the midst of the wheat harvest in palestine, the ripe fruit / appears in the shape of small, yellowish I apples not larger than a nutmeg and it is then, as Solomon has it, is the mandrake gives smelling odour strong, and peculiar, but agreeable rather than the reverse. " The fruit is not wholesome," says one, " but possesses many virtues." Another is the " devil's bit a species of scabies, the root of which has the appearance of having had a piece bitten out, to account for which it is told that the devil was resentful because it was useful as a medicine for man, and, in spite, bit a mouthful from it to spoil it. There are extraordinary qualities enough actually existing in the vegetable kingdom, so that none need have recourse to the imagination ; such as the clock- like accuracy with which certain flowers unfold-as the 4 o'clock and the hibiscus enough of them being reliable timekeepers to justify the "flower that" of Linnaeus. Then there is the combust- bility of others ; the irritability of such as the balsamic ; the susceptibility of some to the influence of chloroform and the sensitiveness of many of the mimosa tribe, which is so great that in tropical forests, where they abound, the passage of man or beast may be tracked by their general wilted appearance. 