TALES AMD SKETCHES. TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. A NEW NOVEL. Br THB AUTHOR OP "lADt AUDLEZ'8 SECRET. Chatter LXIII.— A Voyaqe of Discovert. Mr. Bain and his companion drove to the Great Northorn Railway in silence, took tlioir tickets for Hatfield, and started in the mid-day train with, as brief exchange e£ words as was possible between them. In tho raitway carriago each gentleman had his newspaper, and each preton. ded to read it. One, the accuser, was cool enough, and was even able to take some intore3t in tho markets and corn exchange, and other sub jects tliat affected his own prosperity. He knew what lay before him. He was. working out a scheme that had been deliberately concoctod. He had sworn to have ono of two thing3, Lady Per riam for his wife, or revenge. That Lady Per riam would ever be his wife seemed now beyond all hope, but he was going to have his revenge and he was not ill-satisfied with himself. Nor would self interest be sacrificed in the indul gence, of this fierce desire of unregenevato man kind. If ho could prove Sylvia Porriam the criminal lie believod her to bo, he must needs remain the solo guardian of her child. There was no one to dispute -that office with lriin, and tho Court of Chancery would have no ground for ousting him. During St. John's years of tute lage he, Shadrach Bain, would be, to all intents and purposes, the master of the Perriam estates. To him therefore this journey was not a jour ney oE despair. Yet some omotion the man must needs feel, if he was not a mere mechanical figure of somo hard.. metal. He did feel': a ccrtaiu movomont of the heart, an undofined sense of tho awfulness of his errand. All that had bapponcd to-day, Lady Perriain's horror- stricken countenance, Iter undisguisod despair, her piteous entreaty to Edmund not to go with him to tho madhouse, all had tended to confirm Mr. Bain in his belief, that Sir Aubrey's death had been his wife's work, and that the prisoner to be unearthed to-day kncw.of the crime, and would proclaim it, were his lips unsealed. " I know what Joseph Ledlamb is pretty well," mused Mr. Bain, "and I know that he'd lend himself to the concealment of the vilest crime that was ever done upon earth if he was paid woll enough for his silonco. It shall be my task to let the light in upon hi3 snug little home. Lady Porriara reckoned upon too much when she fancied she could niako use of a tool of my pro viding." Edmund sat in silence behind his paper, thinking, deeply, but not so much of what lay before him, as of that strange scene in the vestry. Vainly did he strive to account for Sylvia's agita tion upon any ground consistent with innocence. The despairing accents of her farewell still rang in his ear. Had she beon guiltless would she Lave feared his desertion, could she, who knew the depth of his love, suppose that their parting would be final ? Yet if guilty, what was the nature of her guilt ? "That it was the hideous crime suggested by Shadrach Bain he did not for an instant imagine. Even had lie been capable of believing in the in famy of the woman he loved, Sylvia's denial would have assured him of her innoconce, at least upon this one point. Truth had spoken in her tones — truth had' glorified her countenance in that one supreme moment, when with uplifted eyes and hands raised to Heaven she had asserted her innocence. That she had committed an act of cruelty and injustice in sending Mordred Perriam to tho dreary'iniprisonmontof a privato lunatic asylum, was' just possiblo, and that she was smitten with shame at the rovealment of this wrpng. Alas ! Edmund Standen know but too .well that this enchantress, for whoso sake he had made so many sacrifices, was not altogether stainless ; that she was not free from the taint of selfish ness. She might have been glad to got rid of a troublesome dependant— to clear her house of a tiresome old man. Sho might so far bo culpable. What Bhould lie do if he found that it was so, that she had allowed eccentricity to be treated as lunacy ; that she had betrayed the trust left her by her husband, and had banished Mordred un necessarily from the house of his own fathors ? What should ho do ? Blame, reprove, and then forgive her ; take her to his heart again, with all her errors on her head, and mako it tho business and duty of his life to reform and elevate her character. This was the lover's resolve. He would set right the wrong she had done, and then forgive -her. Even her sin should not part them. Published by Special Arrangement with tho Author, AU Eights aieerYJd, At Hatfield Mr. Bain hired a fly, and- after a good deal of talk with the drivor contrived to make him understand the direction in which He required to bo conveyed. At first tho flyman asserted that he never heard toll of no place, within! twenty milos called the Arbor. But after profound rumination and scratching his stubbly hairs a littlo, opined that he did remem ber having had such a place pointed out to him on Crupskew Common, and "might it be a 'ouse where they took folks that was a trifle cranky? " "That is tho place," replied Mr. Bain; " drive us there as fast as you can." "It's a seven milo drive," remarked the man dubiously, " fourteen mile there and back, and my fare will be fourteen shillings." ' ' "I shall not dispute your fare.". "And somethink for. myself." " If j'ou drive quickly there and back I'll give yon a crown," said Edmund, eager to end tho discussion. " Very well, sir ; you can't say fairer than that ; jump in j only it's jest as well to. ayide disputes afterwards, yer see, and it's a wicked road betwixt here and Crupskew Common." Tho man drovo off at a smartish pace, and the occupants of "his vehicle were soon, made ac quainted with the wickedness of the road. Noble prospects and rustic beauty may abound in the environs of Hatfield, but the road to the Arbor hugged tho ugliness of the land. ' ; It lay in narrow lanes, and by the margont of waste patches of swampy level, where the sour land grow nothing but rush or thistle, dock or dande lion ; by black and dismal waterpools ; by scrubby grove3 of bare and stunted trees ; by meandering ditches, across which pollard willows leaned side-long extending scraggy arms, like the octopus— such a landscape as that in which Mac beth and Banquo met the weird sisters. Yet, no ; Scotland would not furnish such small and insignificant ugliness. Her dreariest landscapo owns the grandeur of size — over her most dismal plains the shadow of some distant mountain looms in rugged nobility, and tho wind from .wild deer walks rushes across tho barren level like tho breath of tho Great Goddess. Nature! The sconery grew more hopelessly barren as tho travellers approached the end of their journey. Crupskew Common was a desolate flat, whose dull surface of soddoned turf was varied here and there by a patch of stagnant water, hero and there enlivened by a despondent-looking donkey, dragging some clog or fetter at its hind-legs — a convict donkey, condemned to penal servitude for life, if ono'might judgo by bis look and man ner. On one side of the common was a narrow road, and along this the flyman drove till lie . came to a gale in a dilapidated fence, behind which appeared tbe windows of a square plaster, fronted house, which might have originalljr . be longed to some teuant-f armor in a small way, a house to which neither wealth nor taste had added a single charm— tho barest shell of a habitation, loss habitable- looking than a gipsy's tent. " This is tho piaee I've heard folks call the Arbor," said the flyman, pointing to the dwelling with a dispavaging turn of his whip. In confirmation of his statement appeared an inscription in white paint on the slate-colored door : — . . The Aitcor.— Dr.. Ledlajiu. " Wait for us," said Mr. Bain to the drivor, aS ho and his companion alighted. "Now, Mr. Standen," he said, turning to Edmund, while they waited for tho opening of the gate, " It is for you or for mo to get this old man's secret out of him. That he has a secret, and one that will criminate Lady Perriam, is a fact upon which I" am ready to stake every farthing I have in the world." " I am hero to see to the bottom of your, scheme, sir," answered Edmund, sternly. " I be lieve nothing you assert, I admit nothing! I- am hero as Lady Porriam's husband to see hdr righted." " You had botter'see Mordred Perriam righted first," returned Mr. Bain, with a sneer. The door was opened after somo delay by a slovenly maid-servant, who seemed loath to admit tho visitors. It was not till Mr. Bain had . told her that they were friends of Lady Perriam's that sho abandoned her jealous guardianship . of the threshold and let them pass into the garden. ' j Such a garden— a waste of weeds, a'nfimould, and rough moss- grown, gravel— a patch; of grass that might once have. been a nnulling lawn, a damp and ancient willow .weeping over a. shrunken . pond, on whose muddy bosom two dirty ducks disported themselves ; a -wilderness of pitherb3 on one side, where' the cheap and fertile scarlet runner ruled dominant, and the vegetable marrow sprawled its tough tendrils and flung its bloated yellow gourds upon the weedy waste. _ " I don't know as master will allow you to see Mr. Peeram," said the girl, "but I'll ask if you'll be so good as to step into the: drawin' room." Tho visitors complied with this request, and wero forthwith ushered into an apartment which made some pretension to gentility. The walls wero blotched with damp, and stained with mil dew. The atmosphere was earthy, but tho cir cular tablo boasted a gaily colored cover, and was further adorned with a green glass inkstand, a papier raaoko blotting book, and a photograph album. An ancient coltago piano stood against ono wall, a feoble old sofa faced it, a cheap print or two hinted at Dr. Ledlamb's taste for art. Tho room was in rigid order, and was evidently held sacred to the reception of visitors. Here the steward and Edmund Standen waited for about a quarter of an hour, which seemed longer to both. There were footsteps in tho room above, and a running up and down stairs, which might indicate confusion, and preparation of somo kind, but Mr. Ledlamb did not appear. " Are these people going to keep us here all day?" exclaimed Edmund, impatiently. . He went over to tho fireplace and rang the bell, not an easy thing to do, for the wire was loose, and his first efforts only produced a distant jangling sound. " What a house," he exclaimed. " What de solation and decay in everything." This aspect of misery grieved his soul. . It would bo harder now to forgive Sylvia's sin. That she had placed hor brother-in-law under medica restraint, deprived him of actual liberty, he Ed« mund Standen, might have schooled -himself to pardon. But he had expected to find her victim surrounded by all temporal comforts, in the .care of a medical man of position and reputation, whose name alone would be a guarantee foritho pationt's good treatment. To find him here — in this abode of misery— in ahouse on which abject poverty had set its mark This was indeed a blow, and the young man- he whoa few hours ago had been a proud and happy lover— turned his. back upon Shadrach Bain, and shed tears a,t the thought of that callous selfishness which had abandoned a harm less eld man to such an existence as life in Dr. Ledlamh'B rural retreat. No answer came to the bell. There was a window down to the ground, opening directly on the weedy patch that had once been a hiwn. " I'll wait no longer," said Mr. Standon, who had brushed away the traces of his tears and hoped liis weakness had escaped tho eye : of Shadrach Bain. " I'll explore this wretched hole for myself. You can come with ine, or not, : as you please, Mr. Bain," The maid servant appeared at the door just as Edmund opened the window. " Oh, if you please, sir," she said in a gasp," " I'm very sorry, but I made a mistake in allow ing you to come in. Missus says Mr. Ledlamb is up in London attending to his business there, and it's against his rule for patients' friends to bo admitted without an appointment, except it's tho friend which placed tho patient in his care. And if you'll please to writo and ask for an appoint ment Mr. Ledlamb will let you know wlien you can see Mr. Peeram, providing you has Lady Peeram's lief. Mr. Ledlamb 'oldhig hisself ro sponsible to Lady Peeram, and no one else." The girl stumbled slowly through this message, which had evidently been laboriously imprinted upon her mind, for sho tried back when she had finished, and went over a good bit of it again, like a musical box. " I'llaSkfor an appointment by and by," answer ed Edmund, " but while I am hero I'll take a look round your place." " Ob, if you please, sir, you ihusn't go out into tbe gaiding," said the girl with a frightened look. " It's against the rules." : " Come, Mr. Bain," said Edmund, heedless of this remonstrance. - - - He went out of the window, followed by the steward. ; "Ok, if you please, you. mustn't" gasped tha girl, in mucb alarm, and then finding her appeal unheeded she rushed out of the room, stole up stairs crying, "Missus, missus, they've gone out in tho garding, and Mr. Peeram's thero with Sammy in tho preamberlater." . ; CmriEn LXIY. — Ma. Ledlajiu's Patieht. Mr. Standen's first act on getting out into the open was to take a survey of the house, thinking that Mr. Ledlamb's prisoner might in all proba- \- bility be looking out of one of the windows. But the windows were all blank. Two of tbe upper casements wero guarded by bars, doubtless with the view of preventing the escape of any desperate patient, who might be inclined to omulate Jack Sheppard's evasion from Newgate. : ' "Come round the garden," said Mr. Bain, " from that girl's anxiety I'll bo bound he's sonic- whore out here." They crossed the grass to the stagnant pond whero ducks and duckweed flourished, and where the ancient willow wept the desolation of the scene. That willow was the one bit of shelter in all that arid wasto of garden, and be tween the drooping branches Mr. Bain's keen eye had discerned some object that looked like, a human figure. Ho made for this spat, therefore, followed closely by Edmund. The willow was on the opposite side of the water. They went quickly round the edgo of the pool. Mr. Bain always in -advance. Ye3, there was somo one under tho tree — a child's shrill voice sounded as they ap proached, au old man's piping tones answering. Mr. Bain parted the willow branches and looked . into the natural arbor. " , An old man was seated in a dilapidated wheel chair, an infant by his side in an equally dilapi dated perambulator, and both these helpless ob jects were under the care of a tall, lanky-looking girl of about eloven years old. Shadrach Bain, not wont to display violent emotions, drew back with a loud cry,-, and tho ruddy tints of his sunburnt face faded to a sickly .white. " Sir Aubrey Pqrriatn !" ho cried aghast. ""What do. you mean?" asked Edmund in a hoarse whispor, seizing the agent by the shoal- dor. . Mr. Bain did not answer him, but crept under tho willow, and bent over the old man, taking his hand, and looking into his face. " Sir Aubroyxlon't you know mo ? I'm your old steward, Shadrach Bain, come to fetch you out of this wretched hole, come to take you back to life."- ' " Yes, to life," answered the old man in senile tones. " They made believe I was dead. They told mo to my face that I was not Aubrey but Morilred. They put mo in Mordred's rooms, and kept me shut up there and told mo it would be worse for mo "if I called myself Sir Aubrey Por riam. Who was it that did this ?" with a pained look and a wilder tone. " Not my wife. Oh, ho ! not my wife, not my pretty Sylvia. She was beautiful and good. She could never have been so cruel to me." "Never mind who did it, Sir Aubrey. It is all over now. No one will dare to deny your name when I am by your sido. Good God ! what a scheme for a womaa to invent— for a woman to execute. I see it all now. It was Mordred who died and that woman made tbe world believe it was her husband. I wish yon joy of your plighted wife, Mr. Standen," added the agent, turning to Edmund, who leaned against the sill, white as death. The old man clung to Shadrach Bain, liko a child who has been restored to the nurse , he loves. /'Yes, I know, I know, "he muttered, "you arc Bain, a good servant, a faithful servant. Take me away from this place, this dull; cold, cheerless place. They don't beat mo, they're not very unkind to me, bat they're poor, and everything ia comfortless. Carter was always good, vbut ehpis ijl now and I'm left with Sammy and Clara, and Clara "calls me Mr. Perriam, and laughs at me when I tell her my right name is Sir Aubrey." Clara was the tall girl, who stood behind the wheelchair knitting a baby's sock. <' That's his-fancy/'.she said sharply. " When ho first went out of his mind ho took it into his. head that ho. was his elder brother. The one thatdied. ' It was liis brother's death that turned his brain, father says." ' "His brain is no more turned upon some points than yours, my girl," answered Mr. Bain, f His intellect was weakened by a stroke of paralysis, but he's clear enough at ; times. He has been used very badly, and I mean .to take him away from here without loss of time." ."You can't do that," said' the 'girl, promptly, father won't let you."' "I shall not ask your father's leave," replied Shadrach Bain. "You'll stand by me, won't you, Mr. Standen 1" ies, 1 YVIU UQ WJlUb JL WIU VU bCU puux WAU man righted," answered Edmund, gloomily. " What is the matter with Mrs. Carter, the. RUrao ?" asked Dir. Bain. " Inflammation of the lungs. Sho was took bad a fortnight ago, and father got her ; round a bit, at first, but ho says the cough has settled on her chest, and she'll never get over it. She's awful bad. We were afraid last night she'd hardly have lived till this morning." " If you want to know the particulars of this business you'd better stop and question Mrs. Carter," said Mr. Bain to Edmund. " She has been in it from first tolast. She was Lady Per- riam's prime confidante and adviser." " I'll seeber," answered Edmund, " unless you want my help in getting Sir Aubrey away." He had been gazing at the old man's face with earnest scrutiny, to assure himsilf that this was indeed, tnc eider ana not rue younger uioiuor — that ho was not boing made the dupe of some juggling of Mr. Bain's. That scrutiny left no deubt in his mind. This was verily Sir Aubrey Perriam, Sylvia's husband. Strong as had fceen the resemblance between the brothers there was just sufficient individuality in the face to make Edmund Standen very sure upon this point. " I only want you to go as far as the carriage with us," said Mr. Bain, " and then you can re turn and see Mrs. Carter. But don't commit yourself by any promise to condone her share in this conspiracy." ' «If gho is dying it cm matter little whether her crime is condoned." " If— but it is just possible she may he no nearer death than lam. We can get Sir Aubrey to the gate iu this chair. He used to be able to walk a little, but perhaps he's weaker now. It will be easy to lift him into the carriage between I vie T olvol! folro liim fr.n nn lmt.o.l fit. TTnt.fidlfl . mid keep him there till he can he moved comfortably back to Perriam." " But you mustn't take him away !" shrieked Miss Ledlamb. " I'll run and tell mother." She sped off on this somewhat futile errand, leaving the baby squalling in the perambulator, appalled by the sudden solitude. When she came back, followed by Mrs. Ledlamb, a timid looking matron, who had been all' this linie try ing to make herself presentable to the eyrsof strangers, Sir Aubrey and Mr. Bairi had just driven off in the fly, and Edmund Standen was quietly approaching the house. " He's gone, Mar," screamed Clara, " they've took him clean away." Mrs. Ledlamb began to cry. "Your father will Eay it's my fault," she screamed, piteously, " but what could I do ? I wasn't fit to be seen when they came, and was just getting myself a littlo bit tidy when you ran in to say they were going. And there's all our UlUUILiU gUUt; Uli uuu onuujiy jam. AAU who juui aiu a only patient, and goodness know's when he'll get another. I'm sure I tremble when I think what he'll say to me." "Jt wasn't your fault, 'Mar, You couldn't have stopped them if you'd been dressed ever so. They'd have taken him away by main force. There's one of the gentlemen, you'd better ask I him what they meant by it." Mr. Standen, being timorously interrogated upom- this point, would give no definite answer. " There has been a great wrong done," he said, gravely. "I cannot tell what knowledge your husband may have had of that wrong, but I know that the firBt step towards setting it right was to get that poor old man out of this house." "I'm sure he's been treated kindly," whim pered Mrs. Ledlamb, " and if he says he isn't, he's a deceiving old thing. He's had every in dulgence. Sago puddings that I've made for him wnn my own nanus, ana. mutton Drotn, ana an kinds of delicacies. I'm sure he's been treated like the family, 'and we've all of us borne with his worrying nonsense, when he said he was not himself but his brother. Clara has had the patience of an angel with him."j Mr. Standen asked to see the nurse, Mrs. Carter, and after some difficulty, by means of a good deal of persuasion and the gift of a five, pound note to Mrs. Ledlamb, as consolation ! tinder the sudden loss of income, he obtained per. mission to go np to the attic where the sick woman was lying; " She's very bad," said Mrs. Ledlamb. " I sat Up with her half last night, thinking sho was going, but it's a harassing, deceiving complaint, and I daresay she'll go on lingering ever so long, a burden to herself and others." Mrs. Carter, otherwise Mrs. Carford, lay on her narrow bed facing the easement through which the westering sun streamed with soft, yel- low light. She was the very shadow— the pale ghost — of that Mrs. Carter who had been seen at Perriam a month ago. Tho bright brown eyes looked larger than of old, larger than thoy had seemed even in her days of semi- starvation, when she came a suppliant to Hedingham school, house. I Yet, even now, with that deadly brightness, they were like Sylvia's eyes. Edmund perceived the. resemblance at once. He sat quietly down by the bedside, and took her hand. She looked at him at first with a dull indifference, thinking he was some strange doctor who had been brought to see her. Then a gleam of recognition flashed into her eyes. Sho . remembered a face she had seen in a photograph Sylvia had shown her— the faee of her daughter's first lover. ' " Is — Sylvia— is Lady Perriam here? " sho asked. I " No, but if there is anything on your mind — anything you wish to" tell before you are called away— you need not fear to tell me, Whatever wrong you have done is now past atonement upon earth; Try to secure God's pity by a late repen tance. Do not carry the secret of your sin to tho grave." ! "The wrong I did was not done for my own sake, hut for another. If I toll the truth, it is she who will suffer'" "If you-' are speaking of Lady Perriam, be assured that nothing you can tell me can affect her injuriously. -In the first place - her secret is already known, and in the second place I should be the last to use any knowledge to her disad vantage." . " What, is it known already?" cried Mrs. Car- ' tor, agitated. "I know that it must come to I a t n M 4l,A4> i 4% omfiil 1 1 1 1 M rf XlgUU OUUilVL Ui loiVDl j UUUV oUl/Il U OUIAUI VIIWQ could not long bo hidden ; but so soon 1 How did it happen? 'Who came here?" "Do not trouble- yourself about details. You are too weak to bear much emotion. Sir Aubrey has been found, and he is in safe hands. Let that content you." ! "And she— Lady Perriam? " : " Are you so deeply interested in her welfare? " "More deeply than you imagine," answered Mrs. Carter with a sigh. " Yon are related to her, ; perhaps. I saw a likeness in your face to hers the moment I entered this room'" ' "We are related by the nearest ties that kin dred owns. Lady Perriam is my daughter." " What ! You are tho mother of whom she spoke to me with such affection, for whose sake she married Sir Aubrey Perriam \- _uiu snu win you tuai : " Yes, she told mo that you wero in abject poverty— almost starving — and that hor only chance of helping you was by a, marriage with a rich man." " It was true— I was in abject poverty — and, after her marriage sho relieved mo with an occasional remittance. But I have every reason to believe that at that time she was ignorant of our relationship. I accepted her alms as an act of pure benevolence from one who knew not that I was more to her than a stranger." " But she did help you." "She did. And when sho had the opportunity of giving mo lasting employment and u homo as Sir Aubrey's nurse she sent for me." "Sho employed you as a servant in her house ?" " Yes, tho position was one of servitude, but she did not make it degrading. I lived apart from the otlior servants, and I was near her. That to me was exouisite hnmnnesa. until — — " " Until what V " Until she tempted me to aid her in a sinful act, a wicked act, which poisoned my life and hers. You, of all men, should be merciful in your judgment of her; for it was her fatal love for you that urged her to commit that sin." " God deal as mercifully with hor as my thoughts," said Edmund, deeply moved. " You will think less hardly of hor, perhaps, if you. know all ; but it is a wicked story, and I hate myself for the weakness that made mo holp in that evil work. Since I havo been in this house, with the fear of death before ray eyes, I have written an account of all that happened at Perriam Place. Dare I trust you as a Roman Catholic would trust his father confessor ? "Will you proiniso to make no use of that information against Sylvia ?" ' " Against her ! You do not know how blindly, how utterly I have loved her. If her love for mo. has been fatal, mine has been fatal too : if. line f.linrmicrli ti'Ttinh Tina n nvnt was. Whatever power I have to shield her from the consequences of her. guilt shall be used to the utmost. But, alas, I fear that power is of the smallest." " Where is she uow V "In London, with her father." " Lose no more time here then, but go back to her. Tell her that all is discovered." "She must know that, for she knew whero we wero coming when we left, her this morning. But I will go back and sec if I can be of any use, thoagh it will be bard to see' her face again." "Do not trust her father's kindness in the - hour of misfortune. . Tako my keys and open that desk in the chest of drawers. " The feeblohand groped under tho pillow and drew out a small, bunch of keys, " tho smallest key belongs to . the desk," Edmund obeyed. " You see a roll or papers : . "Yes." ' " Take those with you and go." "Cannot I do anything for you? Have you proper medical attendance, good nursing." " Yes, theso people do all they can ; but my doom is sealed. Go to her, you may save her from despair." 