BYDNEY SUhMblARTY. (Fronm tAe 8. A". IHrald.) ON Friday morning about ten o'clock the following telegram was received at the Sydney railway. efation:--" A cow got on the line near Glenfleld. The engine passed over it, and five trucks of hay were knocked off the line and considerably damaged. The line ie clear now for trains to pass." In con sequence of this accident the southern mail did not arrive until half-past nine o'clock. The line weas soon cleared, and the train woeas not kept waiting for any length of time. :Rather an amusing incident occurred on Tuesday night last at the meeting held by Mr. Pnrkees in the Victoria Theatre. A well-known politician and on admirer of the premier had been accommodated with a seat on the platform, and, carried away probably by the eloquence of the speaker, or catching the public enthusiasm, he indulged in an intermittent fire of applause: The top of what is colloquially known as a "boll-toppor" was selected by the gen tleman referred to for the purpose of giving force to his approval; and as the audience in the body of the theatre became more excoited and demonstrative, so did the politician, and the bell-topper was con sidorably Irnockted about. At last the three hours' speech came to a close, and rapturous applause from all parte of the house followed. The politician" catching the infection came down upon the chapeatne in a series of energetic raps, winding up with a foinal effort which threatened to demolish the roof. The mooeeting over, the enthusiastic supporter became cool, in fact somewhat chilly, and hurriedly put his hat on. Bis vision immediately became obscured, and as the rim of the hat came into contact with the bridge of his noso he awoke to the alarming fact that the hat he had banged about so unmercifully woeas the property of somebody else, and wase half a dozen eizes too large 0or him. It in however satisfhctory to know that any unpleasantness arising out of the mis take hlas been amicably settled and the owner of the damaged bell-topper, who is a prominent and youth ful member of the Assemnbly, has received ample satisfaction from the enthusiastic politician, who is a recent naddition to the Loegislative Council. L'he psirties were tho Hon. L. F. de Salia and Mr. W. Cooper, IIM. l'.] (Fronm the tmpiert.) The Ohovalier Blondin, and a whole army of labourers and artisans, are busy preparing the monster marqued for this great pxhihitidn to take place in the Domain, at the rear of the miit, on the 201th instant. No idea of the size of this monstrous canvas pavilion can be formed without witnessing tho gigantic framowork now being put up to support it. The tent itself will be 250 foot in length by 200 broad, some 60 foot by 30 less than its original di monsions, whlichl have to be reduced so as not to trench upon the paths that intersect the grounds. Around this is an enclosure, fenced in, 400 foet long by' 300 broad. The sides of the tent will be 60 foot high, and to got the polos (some bundreds in number) on end, a pair of shears has to be brought into requisition for each one. Those again must he bat toned from top to bottom, and the canvas will be laced on all round. The poles to support the rope on which the chovolior walks and performs are thick spars, requiring as much fitting as a sbip's lower masts. The cost of erecting this building will he seoeral hundred pounds, although the contractor, Mr. John Ilinton, merely supplies the timber, and takes it away at the "ond of the oneson. The plhce will be seated comfortably for about 18,000 persons. Large crowds assemonble eaoloh day to witness the work of erectioo, which is carried on under the porsoual supervisioin of i. Blondin himself. WVo are desired to intimate that persons wishing to see the new post-eflica after its completion, will have an opportunity of doing so before it is occupied by the ofticials. As the contractors and their workmen are very much interfeored with in their work by por sona inspeoling the building nt the presenot time, it has hoon decided that no orders for admission will be issued until otter the lot September next. The premier, the Heon. IHenry Parkes, left Sydney on Saturday by the steamer Wentworth for MIol. bourne, on his visit to the Riverina distriot. Ho is expected to return to Sydney in a fortnight. Ahout two o'clock on Fridoy afoternoon, Constable Hutchinson, ofNo. 2 stlation, conveyed to Iho infirm. ary a man named T'homts WVtlson, suffering from self-inflieted wounds in the throat and on the arm. It appouears Watson and his wife had some words, and he boat her, and then attempted to cut his throat. besides seawing t his arm with a knife. He woas formerly a member of the police force, but is a tailor by trade; and about twelve months ago was sent to guol for atlempting to takelo his wife's lifo. At the time he inflicted the wounds in his throat and on his arm, he was slightly under the influence of drink. The city coroner concluded the inquiry on the death of William Joseph Alcock, at nine o'clock on Thursday morning, at the Old Forest Lodge Hotel, Lodge-street, Glebe, when Dr. Watt's evidence was taken. After some consideration, the jury returned a verdict of death from an overdose of hydrate of chloral, taken by the deceased accidentally. The city coroner said that Mr. Hall, the druggist, left the court without the slightest reflection upon his pro fessional ability. The city coroner held an inquest on Monday noon, at the Observer Tavern, George- street nortlh, on the body of a man named Thomas Godfrey In gram, who was found in the harbour, at Grafton Wharf, on Sunday. After viewing the body and hearing the evidence, the jury returned a verdict of suicide by drowning whilst labouring under tem porary insanity. (Froee the Sydney Eveloing gPst.) There are not many residents of, or visltors to Sydney who do not know, by reputation at lenet, Wontworth House, on Ohurch hill. Those who know it will be interested in hearing that it is now tenantless, that rumours of a ghost having been seeon there have booeen oirculated, that the ghost turned out to be an amorous tom cat, but that, before this dis covery woeas made, almost every window in tho establishment was broken by larrikins trying to lay the spirit by stones. oladamo Goddard, so-called, has, likle Mr. Hall, skledaddled from Sydney under suspicious oironm. stances. Having entered into an engagement with lMr. Bennett for a series of three concerts, she left Sydney and a letter for lIr. Bennett at the very hour when the theatre weas crowded to hear her. The letter was so flattering to thle natives of Anustralia that we promise MIadame Goddard that, if she paye us another visit, rotten eggs will be dear, nod she will got the reception bshe deserves. The follbwing ie Madame's letter : Paleferts IIotol, August 20th, 1874. '. 0. Smytho. SDer elr, --Klindly inform re. Oeonett that I have deided not to nppenr at the Viclorian Thetre this evening. As result, I soppose, ot that unfortounat Bthlurst business, I htnvreeeired's.verl anonymous eollers clttimwnig thnat I mao oxpeat on uofoaourablo reception thioe eveoeno in consevqeoeee of my not hoving engaged naliaee tolent to assist mo. I neod not tell you who kno o wow mch I dmliro the Auetroiiuo perole that I wos perfctoly unwawre thet tis onllies of Aun trails wore musioal, o he neTroes in thi southern setaes of Amerioa are toe only muvioal blnoks I ever heart of. I Isope the omlssiov of my Ihrce rolos from tiis ovening's progrmme till not give rise to ally dlnppoeletmcnt. If Otr. Bennett, wihom I horve alwys thioought a erey clever menocer, will take my adoice, too wilt engvge tho French violnlete, Mlademoiselle Claue,who, I am tol,, is an ortiste or eooetsderobe promive. If you onillbe good enough to oblige me by seeing err. Bennett about this little motter, you would oblige. Ofy dear sir, faitheully yours, Aoaoet',A fODVnoeo. 