The Wesleyans and the rdaeation Question. During the past month, two special meeting of the Educational Committee for the colony oi New South Wales, have been held. The object for v.hich the first one was called by the Secretary was to give the committee an opportunity of considering the desirability or otherwise, of expressing!tself on the educational question, and especially on the programme of the Kducatioual Leauue which has recently been formed. After a lengthy consideration of the subject, a sub-committee, was appointed to draw up a series of resolutions which should, as far as possible, embody the views of the committee. The sub- conunittee met, and unanimously recommended the following resolutions:— 1\. " That in the judgment of this committee, the time has come when it would be conductive to the promotion of primary education in this colony, that all Government grants to Denominational schools should cease, and that there should be one general system for the whole colony, nei'lier denominational or undenominational, but truly national, and it earnestly recommends the conference and the whole Methodist Church, to use their influence in securing this desirable object." 2\. " That this committee could not recommend to the Methodist Church to accept any general system in which less religious teaching shall obtain than is found in the Scripture Lessons now used in all our Public Schools, because it believes that in a professedly Christiar country, provision ought to be made for teaching the general principles of the Christian religi on contained in these lessons, and that any alteration in the Public Schools Act in this particular would be o] posed to the best interest of the youth of the land, and to the good order and prosperity of the state,'* 3\. " In reference to the proposal to make primary education compulsory and free, this sub-committee does not agree to recommend anything to the Educational committee." A second meeting of the committee was then called by the secretary, and after a short discussion, the first two recommendations of the sub-committee were adopted. Respecting the third, the. committee felt that such diversity of opinion existed, and the question of Compulsory and Fiee Education being more a political than a religous one, that it nou d be better to express express no opinion thereon. The consideration of the whole question is of the utmost importance, and in our opinion the coming district meetings ought to make it a part of their busir,es8.— K. News, October s, 1874. A Yankee City. Within one month from the completion of the first house in Pithole city, Pennsylvania, that city had a telegraph office and hotel, costing the owner 10,000 dollars. I11 one mouth more there was a daily paper established, in the next a theatre; in another month another theatre, and then an academy of music. In six months there were seventy-four hotels and boardinghouses ; and in the seventh month the city had reached its highest prosperity. It then bad 15,000 people, elaborate water-works, a city hall, and an expensive city government. Then occurred the completion of labour-saving en'erprise—the so-called Miller Farm Pipeline—by which the petroleum was sent off* independent of the labouring population. A t once 4,01)0 persons were thrown out of employment, while 2,000 houses became useless. This was the death-blow to Pithole. At once the hotels, the theatres, and the telegraph office were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, while almost every one packed up his trunk and moved out. Only nine families remain out of a population of 15,000 souls, while the railroad from Pithole to O eopolis luns only one train a day, consisting of locomotive and a single car which is usually empty; but the Company is obliired to keep running, otherwise the charter for the road would be lost. M hey still hope for better times for that unfortunate city, which in only seven months was born, full-grown, got sick, and died. Undoubtedly this is a case unparalled in history, modern or ancient. Neither Egypt nor Greece can give examples of sucli rapid changes. 