A VISIT TO COOMASSIE. THE following article, written by a missionary, describes some of his personal experiences during a visit paid by him to the capital of the Ashantee country :- The Ashantees have recently been accused of cannibalism. This, however ls not supported by fact. It was perhaps easy to come to that conclusion after hearing of the bloody customs and cruel orgies of Ashantee, but these are bad enough without the deeper and darker charge of eating human flessh. With all their barbnrity, Oonoo Calcnli nnd his subjects scorn to hnvo ns great an abhorrence of this crime ns civilized nations, nnd tho manner In willoh tho headless bodies aro exposed-oven allowed partially to decompose in tho streets together with tho usually glutted stato of tho well known rocoptaclo of such remains, nrc sufficient proofs that tho charge ls unfounded. This " custom making " for tho dond is quito nil institution of Ashantee, being based upon a belief that tho soul lives after It has left tho body, that, In fact thora ls another world nftor this, just such n ono ns tho present. Thus a king or chlof hero will bo n king or chief hereafter, and must havo his wives, servants, und slaves to attend upon him as in tho present lifo ; and as theso several personages do not In tho order of providonce die nt tho samo time, they must bo killed, in order that their ghosts may attend thc spirit of tho deceased 'noble to the land of Blindes. Tho funeral custom lasts moro than n week, nnd commences immediately after tho spirit leaves thc body, in tho sacrifico of a fow of tho most confidential and constant nttcndnnls of tho doconsed chlof, called his " ochres, " or 8011I3. Tho heir (who ls tho ncphow) informs his friends of tho event, who, In thc course of a day or two, assemble In tho opon street with a largo number of their retainers. They begin by drinking large quantities of rum, and by Hring largo volleys of blank cartridge, and then, at tho word of command, move forward a few yards, whore thoy renew tho drinking and firing, until, In this way, they have paraded tho principal streets, und have reached tho place assignod for tho sacrifice, goncrally near tho houso of tho decenscd. Alter con- sulting with each other for awhile, tho executioners may bo seen, three or four together, rushing out of the crowd in different directions in pursuit of thc selected victims, who, after tho lapso ufa few minutes, ara brought upon the scene, with their arms tied behind them, ard their mouths gagged by having two knives thrust through thoir cheeks Tn opposite direc- tions. After being cruelly taunted nnd mocked for awhile, they aro put out of their misery by decapita- tion, often clumsily and mercilessly executed. Tho sacrifico of lifo varies according to tho rank of thc decenscd nnd tho wealth of his successor and friends. Thcro is reason for believing that tho death of a king causes tho destruction of three or four thousand persons, nnd tho death of a princess was celebrated by tho sncrillcc of about a hundred. 'This was care- fully ascertained by tho writer, who on ono occnslon asked a chief with whom ho was very familiar whether he would wish to havo a number of his poor slaves soci ¡Hoed when ho died, to which ho very vehemently replied, " Yes 1 and if thoy did not do lt I would como again If 1 could." In fact, according to Ashnntco views thc greater thc slnughtcr thc greater ls thc re- spect shown for tho dead, and thc greater ls tho grief for Iiis loss. Neglecting ta do sacrifice nn such an occasion would be regarded with similar feelings in Ashantee to what wo should fool In England If wo gnvo a decenscd friend tho burial of a dng, nnd humnn beings both old and yonng, malo nnd female, may bo, mid nro, bought and sold In C'oomnssio for thc sole pur- pose of slaughter, just as sheep nnd oxen uro In England. Theso facts aro not derived from hearsay. Theso oyes thnt now seo tho dark fluid Mowing from tho pen's point havo behold thc darker deeds which tho pen has been describing, and with a keen remem- brance and a full knowledge of these abominations tho writer fervently prays thnt tho Lord of Hosts will give success to tho Uold Coast Expedition. Tho King and. chiefs of Ashantco ennnot possibly havo any luca of tho collosnl power with which they havo thrown themselves Into collision, accustomed ns they are to compare themselves with themselves, or nt most with n few of tho surrounding tribes and nations either afraid of or tributary to their government, tho reigning monarch of which hal goncrally styled him- self " King of Kings." In this Ignoranco and nrrn gnnco tho chiefs nra included with tho King ; for although tho latter is a despotic sovereign, tho para- mount lord nnd proprietor of tho persons, goods, and chattels ofall his subjects, whoso lives and property ho can tako away nt will, yot his rulo in matters of peaco and war is restrained by n kind of prescriptive law, springing from feudal principals. A circumstance illustrative of this may bo worth recording, as reveal- ing somewhat of tho inner working of tho Ashnntco Government, and also as showing that Its kings havo occasionally, nt least, behaved In nn arrogant and dic- tatorial manner towards tho English Governor. A poor Pantoo woman on tho seaboard used some insult- ing words about his Majesty Qunco Uuah of Coo- massie, to nn Ashantco man, who, in order to koop his own head on his shoulders, was bound to make it known to tho King, his master, who Immediately despatched a messenger to tho Governor, requiring or demanding that tho snld woman should bo hanged. HI» Excellency replied by saying, among other things that both tho matter and tho woman wcro beneath tho notice of tho King of Ashantco ; that he (tho Governor) had put her in prison, and that ho hoped this would satisfy tho King. His Majesty returned an answer that, if tho Governor wished to live In pence, ho must hang tho person who had so grossly Insulted him. Tho nffnir now assumed a serious nspect, and his Excellency summoned the council, In order to frame a despatch, which would in all pro- bability be an ultimatum as to peace or war. When this important document arrived in Coomassie the King called together all his "great chiefs," and the writer of these words was requested to come to the palace and read it. The despatch, as is usual in such cases, contained much prefatory matter, and while this was being read, the chiefs became very impatient, two or thrco times interrupting tho proceedings hy exclaiming, " What has this to do with tho woman F However, tho momentous pnssngo carno nt last, in which tho Governor, In effect, anld "that ho was willing to Imprison tho woman for two yeats, that oven this would bo thought a severe sentence in England, that ho hoped tho King would now pass tho mut tor over, lint if ho nero not now sntlsllcd, it would bo evident to all that he only sought a cause of quarrel, and that If tho King was determined to go to war, ho (tho Governor) would do his best to defend her Mojosty's subjects and dominions." No sooner had this ultimatum been rend than two powerful chiofs sprang upon their feet, wishing to declaro war nt onco, whilst two or thrco other chiofs stood up to moko them sit down again. Tho poor reader was in tho midst of this tumult, nnd for some little time these brawny follows were literally wrestling with each other over his bend. At last thc King spoke, nnd all was hushed in a moment. After pausing for a while, ho said, " Wrlto nnd tell tho Uovoinor that ns ho will not hang tho woman, It Is of no uso to kocp her in prison, nnd thcroforo ho may sot her free." Tho Individual to whom this request or command was addressed, thnnked tho King for tho manner lu which tho pnlnvcr had happily terminated, and soon nftcr left tho palnca breathing fraely, mid rejoicing greatly that ho hud lu any measure contributed to tho inuintcnnnco of pence. Thc now uniform fur 'bus conductors, introduced by tho Transit Commissioners, is now in general wear. It consists of un overall groat cont, originally built far and occupied by somo ona else, severn! sizes larger than tho wearer. 'I bis garment ls hold together nt tho throat by n skewer, or floats gracefully in tho wind disclosing a stiirt anco possessed nf a pattern, which ls now obscured by tho dirt of ages. Tho nether gnrmcnt is generally fringed nt tho bottom, and affords speclnl facilities for tho growth of tho owner. It owes its adherence to tho wearer to ono tong wonderfully fullering button, willoh seems Uko our nrlir.niis ready tu stilkoon tho toast provocation. Tho sumptuary law does not extend to hats or boots, which so lung ns they hnvo been somebody olsos satisfy thu Commissioners. An inquest was held at Mnnlnn, on thu 10th instant, on tho body of Thomas Connelly, who died from taking overdoses of clilorodyno whllo intoxicated. 