HOSPITAL HI'N'DAY. A 1-ktvkii riiom John liul.i. to his niumikw bi:n. (" Pr.r /(i for o/'lhe Editor of the Urmliqu Aiircrtixcr.) My Hear Jiun.,—In those days of steam, elec tric tele^ri'nphs, machines, ami visit? t«and ifrom the other world, you will not I'C surprised nt receiving a letter from mc n'.ul your affect ion aAeswitf, Mrs. U\\\H. I nUvmloA—V* iVt you into the secret—" a Spiritual seance," as it was called, in theadvertisement (for Spirits advertise now a-days just like ordinary mortals), at the Crys tal l'nlnw, London, to sec a live ghost of Mrs, Hull's mother, aud there, sure enough, I had live gratification of seeing through ah Amei'SCMV medium, named l\v, the tiiade of the dour de {Wl'ted old lady, with her .spectacles over her eyes, and her silver snutl-box in her hand—for the dear creature liked a pinoh—just, as she was wont to appear when a denizen of this wicked world. 1 heard from her—for she recognised mc at once as licv " dear son-in-law, who never begrudged her her pot of Barclay and Perkins's XXX."—till about your Hospital .Sunday, insti tuted Viy our old friend Joseph Henry Ahhott, whose name, like that of Charles Dickens, has bccomc a household word anions .Wi'ti the row you had ivitli the pruvoiis about the money. Dash it, mM1., the old lady fired up at them ft■ • ■ their meanness in wanting a quidj>r<' v'"' lor the money subscribed ?iy thc.ir concregaiions for your charities, and let me into (he, way of forwarding this letter tv> yivc tliciil " ii. broadside, hoys." ()f course, 1 can't ss.v whether this letter may iv.tch you, but the old lady pVomised it shoi'M, and so here goes for it. It will be a jfceit test if von get it safe, :ind, of course, yon will make it public through the 'Tiser—the dear old 'Tisi:i!—which you always scud nt so punctually. 1 was glad to hear, my hoy, that you diil so well for the charities on I lie :!7lh ultimo. [ always knew .von would have a hi»r heart, just, like your mother—God liles* her niemory—aud that you would carry <lw old name with honor into what ever portion of the globe Providence might cast your lot. Aud so you are to have a military jiarson at, your Camp Reserve service to-morrow. ' Well, we have all heard of the clmivh militant bp Fore, but it will be a si^lit worth seeing to witness in person " Captain the Rev. W. Hender son,'' in ail the dav.sling splendour of a military costume. I hear be is a fine follow, and as Siravc «s he is good; and 1ms a heart as big as your wwn to feel for " the sick, the lame, the Suit, and the blind,"—more power to him. I'll warrant you Mrs. Hen, and, indeed, all the darl ing "women folic," will be at. the meeting, not torgettiujj tltc. thousands of those dear little responsibilities of married life of which Mrs. Bull suit Mrs. Ben were al ways so proud. You see, Co Joarn your young lien's to give their pocket money for such a nob'o purpose is to teach them, ns their Sunday school teachers would say, their first step towards the kingdom of Heaven. So, luy cj.car fellow, mind you bring out, all your little ones tc the meeting. 'I'he Master is credited with the following, which lie is to say on the momentous occasion:—"Inasinue.il as you did it to one of these suffering ones, you did it unto me. Come, ye blessed, inherit, the kingdom of Heaven." All! lien, lad, Dame Hull says in my ear :—"Tell Ben not, to forget this iicautiful lesson :—' Sutler little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of Heaven.'" How better can they do Him a service than by giving their mite to "one of these?" Lot, me hope, therefore, to see at lease 5,000 children at. the meeting to morrow, and 10,1)00 adults. Let the rich give largely aud the poor liberally, aud the widow her mite, so that all may have an opportunity of giving as God as prospered them. And let it be—as it will be—a free gift from one and all, without seeking for any return but the benedic tion of those for whom it is collected. As grandma says, she can't, wait any longer, "the power is getting weak," and 1 must cut it short, so with a hundred kisses from Mrs. Bull and ail the young Bulls,and wishing every sueccss to your great meeting to-morrow afternoon at three o'clock, which 1 hope will he just like, ours is iu Hyde Park—a monster one, 1 remain, my dear lien, Your aUY'L-tionate undo, •JU1IX BULL. Loudon, fltli October, 1871. 