THE FllONTAGH SYSTEM. i;.-: (To ihc Edilor'of thi Beiuliyo Attofrtuer.) Sir,TrIfc is a great^pity that the Minister, oi rail way® has not adopted, the recommendatiou of the Koyal Commission in his Local Government Bill as ,to ^frontage, .valuation . of. Jniid, both -town^nnd country; it is good in principle, easy of practice, aud just in results. The Minuter seems to have got into a fog by jumbling up a bank with a shanty. The error has been made in valuing the land frontage with, the improvements, which ought to be don# separately. Tako the City of Sandhurst for example. Let the Council fix the frontage value of Pall Mall, say .£5; per foot per arinum, first block, Mitchell-3treet, say, £4 per .foot; second block, say £3 per foot per annum and so on through all the froutages in the city. ( These are booked and fixed beyond appeal, unless from the whole block. The valuator then begins to value the improvements; he comes upon the Minis* ter's ghost of a bank and a shanty in the Mali, standing aide by side, each occupying 20 feet frontage; the land frontage is already fixed £l00 each, the bank improvements £200, the shanty (which is built of fragile materials), £103; the frontago value aud the improvements1 are each entered separately; tho Council thon may strike the same rate ou each, or mure on the frontage, and less on the improvements, j^st as they please. How then does the above affect the ratepayers :and the Council? Ahout half a mile from the Mall, in a back street, there are two allotments 66 feet frontage each; oue has improvements, valued last year at £80, the other has none, its value is £8 per annum; the Council gets Ss. for the latter and £0 for the former. Apply the frontag'e system; 5s. per foot per annum is not too light in that street for land frontage, which rni-iea the value of the unimproved lot to £16 10d., which, at the Council'* rate of Is. 6d. in tho £1, prodnoes 24s. Dd., just three times the amount of the present rates, while the improved lot is not alteied oue peuny Is there anvthine liko the Minister's confiscation iu all this? The same system can be applied to country lands, ouly tuey will 'bo reckoned by the acre. Whether a man grow* corn, wiiu\ oil, or grass, the intrinsic worth of the land will be valued, and not what it produces. The improve ments will: be valuod by themselves, just as in towns. The Minister seemed not to know wlufe to do with tolls; the best thing he can do with thera is to sweep' the abominations ; off the face of the .earth, pass- ipto law a horse and wheel tax; the 'liorses use the ronds the most, and why should they not pay for them. The tax would cost noth ing in collecting, and it would bo as nearly just as possible, ... Such a . tax would bring a large addi tional revenue fc© the City of Sandhurst, r DAVID WKItt. Kangaroo Flat, 6fch July, 1874. ; ' 