EASTER MONDAY. This, which is one of our most genuine and universal holidays, was ??? with the hearti- ness which usually characterises it. All business in the citv was suspended, and the streets after 11 o'clock in the morning had quite a deserted appearance. The weather, which for some time past has been peculiarly dull and threatening when not actually showery, seemed really to put on a brighter face for the occasion, and the sun shone cheerfully during a portion of the day. In all directions it was to be observed that cricket was made, if not the staple, one of the sports of the day, wickets being pitched in the streets of the suburbs, on the beach at the seaside, and in all kinds of conceivable and in conceivable places. Some hundreds of people left the city in a long row of omnibuses in the morning for the scene of the Catholic picnic at Mitcham. Many more visited the Oval to wit- ness the Muff Cricket Match there. The sea- shore, as usual, possessed irresistible attrac- tions, and large numbers of the citizens were conveyed thither by the Glenelg and Port Rail- ways. There were race meetings at Gawler and more distant places, as well as various other festivities in and around the suburbs. In the evening the deserted city became once more alive and gay. The Theatre, Good Templars' entertainment, concert at St. Francis Xavier's Hal!, and the Oddfellows' ball afforded the means of enjoyment to large numbers of their respective patrons. Some account of the pro- :eedings of the day is subjoined. MUFF CRICKET MATCH. First Team. Second Team. Elamlet's Ghost Richard III. (Umpire) (Umpire) Clown French Clown Paul Pry Harlequin N'igaer Policeman L'laude Melnotte Mephistopheles (Capt.) Dromio Sidlor Salem Scudder (Capt.) Marc Antony sailor ? Touchstone SVabnotee Prussian Uhlan Dancinir Mad Admiral Irishman Rob Roy Matador Jack Sheppard Earl of Essex French Officer 3'CallagLan Jeaiues The fancy costume muff cricket match may be said to have generally answered expectations. Of course, it was not looked forward to as likely to afford a display of artistic cricketing. Although some of the players gave evidence that they were by no means altogether unacquainted with the manipulation of bat and ball, neither their fielding nor bowling would have been likely to receive much commendation from the champion cricketer who has recently left our shores. The expectation of good fun, how- ever, drew a large number of persons to the Oval. In the after part of the day there must have been something like 3,000 or 4,000 within the enclosure. A number of seats were provided in the reserve, and the arrange- ments of the commissariat were upon a sufficiently extensive scale. Schrader's full band discoursed music throughout the day. Besides those who paid for admittance a great number of persons viewed the sport from Monte- fiore Hill, and small boys defied all schemes for keeping them off the fences. Shortly after 11, the time advertised for commencement, the wickets were pitched. The teams consisted of 12 or 13 side. One or two more or less were not considered any serious object, and all the emergency-men were brought into use. A big spotted Clown and Paul Pry were the first to go to the wickets. The latter, who was admirably got up, performed his character well, although be seemed more at home with the umbrella than the willow, both he and his companion retiring with a ducksegg. They gave place to the Nigger and Claude Melnotte, the former of whom, with a very comical get-up, made good fun. These two and Dromio did a little scoring. The Nigger was given out l.b.w., and soon had his revenge by catching his late partner. Each man as he retired from the creases went to assist his opponents in the field operations, and the Nigger soon distinguished himself. Salem Scudder followed Melnotte, and hit out right manfully, sending the ball over the field in all directions and making runs in com- pany with tie Sailor. Once or twice he was caught out, but preferred to stay in, and the Umpire being very yielding he did so. One thing was quite certain, the ejaculation "How's that, Umpire ?" did not frighten either Hamlet's Ghost or Richard the Third. In fact, as a rule when they were appealed to, that was a certain signal for them to declare "not out," and so the game proceeded. When the first team were all disposed of the telegraph showed 380, but in the score-sheet only something like 23 runs were accounted for. The second team commenced their innings by placing French Clown and Harlequin at the wickets, Salem Scudder and Dromio taking the bowling. Paul Pry, having laid aside his umbrella, devoted himself to an examination of the wicket. The Nigger also at times assisted in the bowling. Clown and Harlequin made six runs between them, when the former retired in favour of the Police- man, who made 22, the largest score of the day. Mephistopheles, the Sailor, and Marc Antony were the only others who got into double figures. During the innings His Excellency the Governor arrived at the ground, on which the band struck up the National Anthem, the team pitched up their caps and cheered, and Salem Scudder and Paul Pry went to give the Governor a personal welcome. The two Clowns by their vagaries throughout the play, in which they were much assisted by the Policeman, caused a great deal of fun, and Mr. O'Callaghan excited great amusement by the consistent manner in which he declined to allow any contigency (sic) to disturb his calm demeanour and measured pace. One other character deserves special mention, and that was "Dancing Mad," whose irresistible calisthenic propensities caused great diversion. When the second team were all out the telegraph scored something over 900, but the figures were not authenticated by the scorers. We have not been informed of the amount of the takings at the gate, but there will, no doubt, be some surplus after paying expenses to hand over for the benefit of the Oval. 