»' ? ' ' ? ? ' *? ? ''''if DT?. -VAXTGHAN AT BOMBALA. From f/ie Times.) Friday, the 2Gth ultimo, being the day ap. pointed for the arrival in Bombala of the Most Eev. Dr. Vaugbau, about forty persons headed by the brass band, proceeded out of town for the purpose of meeting his Grace and attendant clergy. At Burnima Dr. Vaughan -waB met hv those who had gone out for that purnose. The Coadjutor- Archbishop was driven by Mr. J. Montague of Cootna, in whose carriage was aiso his Chaplain (Rev. Mr. Gillett). The B,8v. Deans O'Brien (Cooma), and M'Carthy (Sydney) , were driven by Mr. W. Cosgrove. The Revs. P. Slattery and T. J. Carroll were also amongst the clergy. Upon arrival at the Church, prayers were said by the Arcnrjisnop atter wmon Dr. liiley stepped forward and presented the following' address : — Archbishop of Nazianzus, and Coadjutor Archbishop of Sydney. ' May it please your Grace, — The Catholics of tho district of Bombala hail the arrival of your Grace in this town with heart-felt joy, and humble but cordial welcome. ''Placed aa they are at the very furthest limits of the Archdiocese, they know it is neither their numbers nor their wealth that has attracted your Grace's consideration in this, your first visit to Bombala ; their sole claim being that they are humble members of that Ohuroh of which your C-raee is so eminent a pre late, but with that zeal for the honour and glory of God which so forcibly inspires your Grace and with the same love and solicitude as would animate you to proceed to the help of thousands of the wealthiest and most exalted in the land, your Gracs has come to bestow the consolation? of our holy religion on this Email and distant portion of your flock. Accept. then, their warmest expressions oi welcome aim gratitude . ' They humbly trust th-it tne mercies winch have been vouchsafed to them under the vigilant care of their venerable and beloved Primate, Archbishop Polding, may behappily continued under your pctive guardianship and wne admin istration. (« r^^o^r nriiitirifntiv aatichmto for your Grace a lonp and nobje career in the sarvice of the Aus trafaaian Church, and for that Church a per mauont gain, by reasou of those rare talents where .vith your Grace has been so rarely en do wed. \-- l?mn.ttv. thev deem it among the highest of. their privileges to be now permitted to tender vour Grace their humble aud respectful devo tion imploring at the same time your blessing, and'y°ur continued interest in behalf of their eternal welfare. ' Sianed on behalf of the Catholics of the dU drict,— ' Francis L. Rilby, M.D., James O'Hake, Thomas Cukras, SAMUEL M'DONALD, Hr HENSLEIGH, J.P., Danibl Byrne, Patbick Sullivan, Thomas Tracey. , ' Boaabala, 26th June, 1874. :- His Grace then raplied to the addrew as fol!°-!VS '?'? .,.„,. vm,. mv dear friends, that And for myselt I .fee ^ a P .g (Us. i, ono of the ^''P^'^T'e^t-.dtaP- oially attached towards yo^ .imc6 „.„„ were as much Vnown to me, as well ^^ striking Rood qualities, a« 1 « . ^ as indeed they were my pe h hftd Thongh wrapped ''f^*1^ clothed in M soft and tender heai s .^ thoug , tioe linen, audliving in .& '«p J*d by /nan]y toil tboir honest hands were haidene ^^ , \+ ,«ir ovnsned voura with as muo ? ovamDle8 of patience, of eodurance. o ^ exalted Eorgetfuloees. and int\e'lp°idv turns to my ex virtue, mv mind spontaneouyy ^ .athel. eerieucMamQU«.twliat^ than to what I know »m« ^ * t]emen. ^r bbu weaUhy,.aud the ^opu cut a ^ h h«s it been ib Bnflland a ane fishermens thus impressed. V J kneeling during the wivM on tho French ooa8t.UeojnotitoI. evening hours ^^'^rough tribden cross 8oa,aued vfr^lZ h\i bands and boy for ihe safety of tnoj J ^ livelihood oi i who were earning o 'VSUf\aVo seen the side the harbour Jnr- J.^ .of the Danube, German peasant «« *be ^nta % th , mak»3» hay in the ' s'mm a unOOver hw down 'his rake and foj , jn ^^ head, and o«* '' ' , d the peai oi — geen- amongst those of humble estate in Italy and Spain. There I have met, I will not eay sinless men and women, but a people whose lives were animated by a vivid faith, and who Beemed to me to keep the other world before their ejes with almost as much distinction as the earth on which they trod or the humble cottage in which they lived. And there is no other people whose tenacity of the faith is a proverb in the mouths of all. It matters not whether they be dwelling in their own green isle or be cast far from home on a foreign land, whether they be praying at their hearths in ?Ei^n or rfidnoine1 wild nature in the rouerh and distant bush, at kome or abroad, one heritage is theirs, which no tyranny and no blood shedding oan rob them of — I mean their love of the Catholic faith, of Jesus and of His blessed Mother, and their veneration for the priests and bishops of the Catholic Church. And I say it ia a special pleasure to meet you, my dear people, here to-day, for in you I recog nise my old friends over jjagain ; here I see the same old faith, the same steadfastness in the same old ways, and I am confident, if I kad the pleasure of making your personal acquaintance, that I should find jthe same high and ennobling traits of character in you which I have never failed to discover amongst the families of the honest artizan, ani amongst those who by the toil of their hands earn their bread by the Bweat of their brow. I thank you then, my dear Doctor, for so kindly reading this addres?, and promise you, my dear friends, that I will not forget to pray for you and yours before God's hoiy altar.' On Saturday the Most Esv. Dr. Vaughan examined those who were to be confirmed dur ing his visit. On Sunday seven Masses were celebrated, the church being crowded throughout the day, his Grace officiating at the 9 o'clock and 11 o'clock Masses ; at the latter he delivered the following sermon, choosing for his text, Revelations VII. 9th Verse, '* I saw a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and tribes, and peoples, and tongues, standing before the Throne.' Sueh, dearly beloved, are the words made use of by St. John the Divine to express what he beheld in vision when visited by the spirit of prophecy in the island of Patmos. They bring before our minds the greatness and breadth of the Kingdom of God, and encourage us to fix oar thoughts upon the sanctity of that Church of which we are unworthy members. Let us, then, dearly beloved, by the light of these words, look upon the thousands of the children of the elect, and upon the spiritual influence of that system ot salvation set up on the earth for the purifica tion of mankind j and then let us revert to our selves, to our calling and opportunities, and see if we are doing cur part to secure for ourselves the happiness of everlasting life. And firat, that we may grasp the vast idea which the word, sal vation presents to us, let us look steadily upon one especial centre-point, See the hill of Cal vary, fix your eyes upon that rough cross, stand ing with outstretched arms upon its top, mark tnat figure hanging upon it — its form is that of a man— 'there is no beauty in him or comeli ness;' he looks like one despised 'and the most abject of men, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with infirmity.' Still, though woundect for our iniquities, ' and bruised for our Bins,' he i3 also the lord of Glory, the only begotten Son of the Father — the ever blessed Word made flesh. He is the redemption not only of Israel, but of the whole of the Gentile world ; he is the centre and circumference of Salvation. From the holy cross he range3 around, and throws his light on every Bon of man. 'He is the true light which en lighteneth every man that cotneth into this world.' He, the chief foundation, tho corner stone which had been rejected, makes his sal vation felt from Eden' a gates to the Valley of Jehosophat. There the last man will meet his brethren at the sound of the angel's call. The. vast Church of Jasus spans the whole of the generations of men with its wide arch, and in cludes Adam penitent, working out his salva tion by the sweat of his brow, on the other side, and those saints of the latter day, who on tho other have victoriously resisted the great tempter of souls. The old Covenant and those who lived under it are saving, not through human operations, but through the blood-spilling of a Saviour that was to come. The great men of old, ' who died ac cording to faith, not having received the pro mises,' still with vivid sight, wiLh keen vision, peered into the ftature — they looked forward to the promises — ' beholding them afar off,' tonso the words of blessed Paul, and saluting them and confessing that they were pilgrims aad strangers on the earth. Abel and Enoch, aii'd Noe, and Abtahaiu, Jacob, Joseph, Moses, Gideon, Barac, David, and Samuel, alltheibe, and thousands more ' of whom the world was not worthy,' have entered into their rest through the outpouring of the life of our Redeemer. He had not come, but he came to them through faith ; he had not died, but hia blood was lor them salvation. Then we have the generations of men from Adam's day to the ena of the old Covenant, with their eyes fixed iu hope upon the cro3S on Calvary, and saved through tho same precious blood, which has opened the same gates of Heaven to ail believers, from the day of Pentecost; to the end of the world. . The ej'es of the generations before the corning peering into the distant future, and resting upon the cross on Calvary, aud those oil all subsequent generations looking back into the pasb, fix their gaze upon the eame cross, and meet, as it were, the eyes of the generations of old as all centre upon one Bolemn object — the Lamb that was slain from the beginning of the world. Does not the form of the very cross itself carry our imaginations along the height and depth, . the length aud breadth of the atonement of our Redeemer ? Does not one arm point far into. the past, pene trating even to the gates of the terrestrial Para dise ? Does not the other point into the distant Suture to the^last aud awful day of the world 1 His foot penetrates below, strikes the serpent's t head, and wards off the victory from the portalB of hell. Its summit stands straight in the air as a finger pointing through the sky to the realms of bliss above, even to the throne of the Ancient of days, even to the presence of the angels, worshipping the Lamb in the City of the Saints. And the chapter from which I have taken my text brings very clearly before the mind this encompassing influence of Christ's merciful passion and death. The seer be holds in his vision the saints of both Covenants rejoicing in their everlasting rest. _ He saw an angel ' ' ascending from the rising sun, having the sign of the living God, and he cried with a loud voice saying 'Hurt not bhe earth, nor the sea, nor the trees, till we sign the servants of our God on their foreheads.' Now, who were there to receive the mark of the Almighty on their foreheads ? They were the saints of. the old Law ; those who had trusted in the coming redemption of ChriBt, and were saved by his blood. ' And I heard the number of tbem that were signed, ' says St. John. ' ' An hundred and forty -four thousand were signed of every tribe of the children of Israel.' Imagine, dearly beloved, the vast array of the ancient saints standing on the earth, and tho swift angels of God branding on their brows the mark of the victorious cross. These are but the representa tives of tens of thousands more, who achieved victory aud a crown through their obedience to the law of God, and their faith in the Christ to come. And in his Apostolic vision St. John em braces the other half of the glorious throng. He does not merely see thosegwho peered into the future, but also those who looked back and fixed their eyes upon the crons. standing in the past. ' Aft:- r this.' he says, as if distinctly to mark off the aaints of the old from those of the new Cove nant — 'After this I saw a great multitude which no man could number, of all nations and tribeg, and peoples and tongues, standing before the Throne, and in Bight of the Lamb clothed in white clothes, and palms in their hands.' Nor dots the Evangelist leave us in doubt as to who those were comprising this innumerable multi tude, for he saya 'One of the ancients' who were about the Throne said to me, ' These that are clothed in white robes ' who are they ? and whence came they ? And I said to him. My Lord, thou knowesb ; and he said to me, ' These are they who are come out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and have made them white in the blood of the Lamb.' Therefore they are before the Throne of God, and they see Him day and night in His Temple.' Here then, without mistake, we have the countless throng of the new CoveDant. Whence have they come? Out of great tribulation ? How have they come ? By washing their robes, and mak ing them white in the blood of the Lamb. Who is the Lamb ? Christ our Lord and Pasch, who was 'slain from the beginning of the world.' ' Behold the Lamb of God,' says the Baptist ; behold Him who takes t away the sins of the world. Or ia the touching events of prophecy ifc was He who was led as a sheep to the slaugh ter, and who as a dumb Lamb before his shear ers opened not his mouth. Thus, through Christ's sacrifice of His blessed body upon the cross, that blood was given to mau, which was to make his sinful garments clean through tribulation — that is, through temptation, and trial, through as saults froaa within, and attacks from without by means of patience, and humility, and clarity, and faith. Through ' putting on' Jesus Christ the saints of the new Law have made their call ing and election sure. Not one is there in that vast army of saints who has not been tried in the furnace, who has not been purified through the blood of the Saviour. Though no man can number them, they are counted, and saved one by one through the merits of the Cross of Je3us. Look up, dearly beloved, upon the two vast united armies of saints of both Covenants, as they glory and rejoice in the salvation which he has wrought for them. Though the saints of the old Law have filled up their number, those of the new are still adding to their countless hier archies in the Holy Empire of Heaven. The Church is the Mother of Saints. It is of her es sence to be holy. It is her gift to wean men from earth and fix their eyes on heaven. This is her daily, her hourly task. She has been toiling at it from the beginning, and sleeplessly and restlessly will she toil as it to the end. Every age of her chequered history, every epoch of Divine life, make3 out certain groups of men and women who are as shining lights along the course of human life. Tneir energies and influ ences die not with their deafen, but live on amongst us. Thus, iu the first ages of persecu t'.OD, we have the countless martyrs and the saints of the Catacombs. We find the deserts p«ople-i with saints aud solitaires, aud the very wilder ness vocal with hymns and songs to God. Then the Church expands her power, and great and dazzling lights are set up in the Churches ; holy aud learned Bishops spread and maintain the faith ; St. Gregory, St. Basil, St. Ambrose, St. Athenaseus even to this day are the guides of our learned Bishops, aad their works and lives are pondered over with love, reverence and faith. These are but types of thousands more whose names are written in the Book of Life ; but whose heroic actions are known only to those blessed spirits who watched and guarded iiheui in their career, Then the scene cnanges ; hordes of barbariars from the north like a del uge break up the old civilization ; meu of God fly to the mountains and solitary places of ihe worJd. The paints of the Monastic Order ire yiven. to the Church. They become csntiea of new civilization. They tame the barbarian, aud melt his heart and teach, him to till the earth and cultivate his spirit. Thus in hundreds of holy retreats soula aro saved ; and saints spring up to enrich the calendar of the Church, after having shed a halo of holiness) through the Christian world. Next, the harmony of the East penetrates into Europe ; the neat schools and Monasteries arise ; holy institutes of men and ?earned priests are to ue found on the side ol truth, defending the Churah from error, and proving by their lives that learning aud virtue ? ???? -»'? are not antagonistic to each other. St. Anselm, St. Benard, St. Thomas, St. Bonaventure, and many more, still give us their light, still teach us, and by their prayers, and through our invo cations, can save us from many evils. And so it has been going on until this day. Our Holy Mother is still sending her saints to heaven, still encouraging the weak, lifting up the fallen, pouring wine and oil into innumerable wounds, and putting the burning brand out of the fire. And are not you, dearly beloved, her children as much as the saints who have died ? Had they not passions to regulate, pride to overcome, temptations to tread under foot, and a victory to win ? Had,they not their great temptation to sustain ? and were they not of the same flesh and blood as yourselves? Yes, surely; for they were not great through human strength, but in the strength of God, 'He chose the weak things of this world ;' by their means, by using them, he confounds the strong. There is not a man or woman in this Church, however poor, ignorant, or unknown, whom God could not fashion by His grace into a spectacle for the admiration of men aud angels. Lose not, dearly beloved, the precious time that is given you for. earning your crowns. Squan der not that which is valuable when turned to a spirited account. Make your calling and election sure. And how is that to be done, you may ask ? Fasten your eyes and hearts on the Centre of your Salvation. On whose form did the eyes of the ancient saints fix themselves in spirit ? On what sign did their eyes meet the s ) of all the holy oneB of the new Law ? Oh the form of Christ, on the sign of the cross. Fix your eyes, then, on Christ your Redeemer. Stand close to his saving cross ; be inebriated, and drink of the torrent of His passion, or of His pleasure, as He may send it to you ; and gain a portion of his loving, tender, andcompas sionate spirit. Take His Spirit home ; let Him dwell with you by your hearths. Make his sav iDg name as a household word ; and the father of the family will become more loving, strong, and sheltering ; the mother will be more patient and watchful, and the children will learn to grow up iu the fear and love of God. That our Lord may thus become one in spirit with you and be your joy exceeding great, is a blessing which I sincerely wish you all, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Afterwards a collection was made. On Monday confirmation was administered to about ninety- four, old and young, the Arch bishop delivering an address before and after confirmation. Subsequently several gentlemen were invited to dine with his Grace and clergy ; amongst whom were Dr. Riley, Mr. H. M. Joseph, J.P., of Maharatta; Mr. H. Hensleigh, J.P. of Bendook ; and Mr. John Hensleigh, Mr; Jonas, J.P., and Messrs J. H. Montague, and W. Cosgrove, J.P. After dinner, the Doctor in a few appropriate remarks gave the health of ' our illustrious visitor,' to which his Grace responded most happily. During the day a deputation waited upon his Grace, were intro duced by his Chaplain, and presented for his Grace's acceptance, by way of a testimonial, the sum of dS4O, which wa3 acknowledged gra ciously. On Tuesday afternoon his Grace left for Bega, accompanied some miles out of town by a numer ous body of horsemen and the brass band. 