INTERESTINGo DISOOVERY IN TH VAUL~TS OF TrE BANK Ot ENGLAND.-It is not generally known, says a London correspondent, that under the provisions of its ancient charter, the governor and corporation of the Bank of England are obliged not only to purchase at their fair value any precious metals tendered, to them, but are also obliged to take charge of any gold or silver, in ignots or plate, that may be brought to them for safe keeping. From time to time plate chests have been deposited with this view iu the vaults of the bank, and many of them have been there so long that they are actually rotting away. On a recent occasion the servants of the bank discovered a chest which, on being moved, literally fell to pieces. On examining the contents, a quantity of massive plate was discovexed, of the period of Charles the Second. This circumstance in itself might not be very interesting, but that there was found with the plate a parcel, which proved to be a bundle of old love-letters, carefully arranged according to their dates. An inspection of them revealed a correspondence of a tender and romantio description, carried on during the period of the restoration. 'The name of the writer was found to be Berners, and after considerable search among the archives of the institutions, it was found that a family of that name had been con nected with the bank about the time in question. Acting upon this clue, the directors prosecuted their inquiry, and being satisfied that a gentleman of the same name, is the lineal representative of the owner of the plate and the love letters, both have bIeen handed to himn. The plate has been sent to [Messrs. L.mbert, the celebrated silversmiths, in the Haymarket to be cleaned, and the newly-discovered owner has per mitted it to be shown to anyone interested in plate of the period. The love letters are not, however, on view. HYNNING THE POTATO.-A Connecticut editor devotes a leading article to hymning the potato-the Irish potato. He glows, he gleams, he scintillates in expatiating upon the deliciousness of the tuber in general and of this year's crop in particular. "They are large and fair," he chants, and when you boil them "they burst their jackets and overflow in cataracts of vegetable snow flakes." Here's richness! Hero's picturesque-. ness! A bounce into practicality announces that the present price in Connecticut of a bushel of these jacketed snowflakes is only one insignificant dollar, which is cheap for so much overflowing beauty. Then doth this poet, with a pensive kind of awe, pro. seed to state that not everybody knows how to cook these marvels. " There's an art," he says, "a geniuslike the poet's-born, not nade, which produces fried potatoes as de lioious as a fairy's dream;" but he gives not the recipe. What peculiarly touches and charms one, however, in this song of praise, is the statement that the potatoes are good and cost one dollar per bushel.-New York Pribune. ONcE Is ENouou.-When Arthur was a very small boy his mother reprimanded him one day for some misdemeanour. Not knowing it, his father began to talk to him on the same subject. Looking up in his face, Arthur said, solemnly, "My mother has 'tended to me." A rather novel method of settling a matri monial dispute was adopted (says the Geelong Advertiser) at Germantown last week. It appears that a widow of mature age in com fortable circumstances, having married a seafaring youth of pugilistic attainments, becoming dissatisfied with the kind of exer cise to which she was occasionally subjected, took out a summons against her husband for assault. The latter on receividg his invita-4 tipn to attend the Belmont court was very demonstrative at first, but as the day for hearing the pros and cone approached, gradually sobered down. The court opened on Friday morning at ten o'oloclr, but before Ithis time, the husband, who had engaged a conveyance, invited his fair partner of fifty to take a drive. "Mary dear !" could not resist the insinuating terms in which she was addressed. They mounted the vehicle, and at a furious pace the husband took his course towards Connewarre, just the reverse road of that which she intended to travel. In vain "Mary dear" expostulated, the husband had command of the reins, and con soling her with the reflection that he was giving her an airing before introducing her to the magistrates, he allowed fully an hour to lapse and then alighted at the door of.his cottage, leaving his spouse to reflect on the manner in which she had been deprived of her legal remedy. Our school-boy remarks that when lhis teacher undertakes to show him what is what, he only fiads out which is switch. A witness, in describing a certain event, said, "the person I saw at the head of the stairs was a man with one eye named Wil kins." " What was the name of the other eye ? .' spitefully asked the opposing coun sel. The witness was disgusted with the levity of the audience. A singular occurrence recently took place at Omi, Japan, says the Hiogo News. A native of the place named Kuro was arirested by the police, caught in the act of commit ting burglary, imprisoned, finally taken before the judge, and sentenced to strang, lation.' After the lapse of three days the supposed corpse was given over to his friends for burial, a coffin or box having been taken to the court-house wherein to place the body; but the act of bending the limbs caused a circulation of the blood, and the man that was considered as dead began to show s'igns 'of life. The wonder-stricken relatives and friends used their best exer tions to restore animation, and at length had the satisfaction of seeing the man return to complete consciousness. The police autho rities, however, thinking justice about to be cheated of its victim, re-arrested the man, and took him once more before the judge. The friends of the culprit pleaded that the punishment had already been carried out; the other side argued that it had not been done so effectually; but the judge ruled that the sentence of the court had already been executed. The man therefore was at once set at liberty. ' Two Milesians were standing at the Fair mount Waterworks, in Philadelphia, watch uing the big wheels splashing the water in. every direction, when one of them remarked "Mike, isn't this a quare counthry, where, they have to grind their water before they' can use it?"'' An Ohio county clerk refused to issue a marriage license because the man was only four feet high, while the woman was sixr. feet. He knew something about domestio' life with the proportions reversed, and couldn't assist a fellow man to buy a lottery when the odds were so fearfully against him. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled fellow! Because he sticks at nothing. The following conversation is reported to have occurred betweena British tourist and a steam-boat pilot: " That is Black Moun tain?" "Yes, sir; the highest moentains above Lake George." " Any story or legend connected with that mountain ? "tLots of 'em. Two lovers went up to that mountain once and never came back again." "In deed! Why? What became of them?" " Went down on the other side." 