The Land Boasd ati Beeghwouth: — we are requested to cali attention to ail error as to the hour in the advertisement in Saturdays Issue -of the land hoard to-be held in Beech; worth, on Tuesday nextl , the 2nd June. It- should be ten o'clock instead. of eleven as ap- peared-in the notice.- ... Anniversary Albion Tsnx, XOJEt. — The anniversary meeting of the. members of" this lodge, and their friends, was- held in the Gild Fellows' Hall, Beech worth, litst evening, and. was largely attended. At least'three hundred- ladies, gentlemen; and. little ones, partook of; the tea and cake and the numerous other good things profusely supplied.by the caterer, Mr Dolton, the entertainment being enlivened by the spirit-stirring straiUs .ofi -the Juvenile Rechahite Band. The speeches,' singing, &c.;, were the chief.features of the. evening. Bro-t John Bray occupied.tlie chair when several' gentlemen addressed the meeting, or enter tained them with song, the ladies, of course," entering, largely into the musical part of the programme. We presume that all present enjoyed, themselves, as we scarcely . heard. ;anything,hut expressions of satisfaction and mutual 'congratulations. A» report of the speeches, &c.;, will appear in our next issue. MCRElY-BoROUGHS ELECTORAL'' ROLL.— The- following notification appears inflast Friday's Gazette-; after .the quotation q£" the saving clause :."And whereas the Supplementary- List of Eleotors for the ,Aveqel;Division of the Electoral District of Murray Boroughs was revised on a' day not legally appointed for that purpose ; now therefore His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Execu tive 'Council, under and by virtue of the the power in him vested by the 6Sth section of the Act Ho. 279;, doth hereby deolare valid, the Supplementary- Boll for the Avenel -Electoral Division,, notwithstanding, that the said list was revised on a day not. legally ap-. pointed for that purpose.- - And the Hon. James Goodall Franois, Her Majesty's Chiefs Secretary for Victoria, shall give the necessary directions" herein accordingly. Henry ! D.;. Pitt, Acting Clerk of the Executive! Coancil. Rocky .Mountain Gold" 'Sluicing. Coai- pany (ItEGisTERED.)-7-The annual 'meetiDg- of shareholders was-' held last evening at Taiis- w;ell's Commercial: Hotel, Beechworth.. . Ti ie . meeting being duly- constituted,. Mr Dalziiel was auDointed chairman. The balance sheet,. mining manager's report, and directors! .oref. port were read and adopted. The following gentlemen were appointed as directors in the place of those retiring: — Messr3-R. Johnson; H. J. Littlewood, R. Milne and G. Gamraon.' Messrs Bentlev and Alderdiee were re-elec'ted' auditors. After the general business, the chairman, on behalf of the sharciiolde-rs, presented Mr. Martin May, the mini.ng manager, with a handsome gold-hunting lever' watch, in recognition of his good service with this inscription engraved upon it : — " Presented to Mr Martin May. by the share holders of the Rocky Mountain Gold Sluicing Company, Registered, in recognition of his valuable services as. their Mining Manager." Mr May thanked the sibarel lolders for their elegant present, prizing it all the more from its not having been at: all. expected. The shareholders present e: cprcssed very great satisfaction at the condi tiomand prospects of tne claim and company. We understand that the balance-sheet of this . flourishing company will be advertised afti :r the next ordinary meeting of the director s. Stanley Licensing ' Meeting;— -The quar terly meeting will be held at the Court of Petty Sessions on Friday, 26th June, 1874. " Mother Morrell." All exceptional circumstances bring prominently to the front classes of character which under every day conditions would never have appeared above the surface. This is especially so where the new order of things is not only novel but exciting, and women appear to be still more impressionable to unexpected situ ations even than men. We have all heard or read of what extraordinary traits of character are brought out in women by battle, ship wreek, arduous travel, or in the presence of sudden death, and perhaps under no circumstances do we meet with more extraordinary females — good and bad than on a new diggings. Amongst this class Mrs Sarah Morrell presented a marked ex ample in this district. She was decidedly a woman of note. You could not even see her, without desiring to learn who she was and knowing her, it was impossible not to feel a kind of interest in her. She is now no more, but numbers who read this paragraph in many a distant spot in Australia or New Zealand, or even in still more distant lands, will re member her. We first recollect her at the Woolshed in the palmy days of that wonder- ful gold field, where she kept a public house which was much frequented by all classes. She was a woman of remarkable energy, intuitive knowledge of character, and a rough kind of tact. Woe betide the man who offended her, for she had a tongue of her own and was not choice in her phrases, and yet with all this rude outside there was a tender heart within open as day to melting charity. Like every one in those feverish days she had her vicissitudes, and you may be sure she had her adventures too, not all of the agreeable kind. Amongst other appurte- nances to the hotel was a number of dancing girls, and one of them who had some cause of quarrel with her swore an information against her for robbery. Some of the girl's property was found in Mrs Morrell's trunk, and although an impression amounting to a positive certainty existed in the public- mind that she was incapable of such an act, and that the girl herself had, placed the things where they were found Mother Morrell, as she was universally called, was found guilty and .sentenced to imprison ment. We think it was on the occasion of her trial that she entrusted a considerable sum of money to an official, now no more, which nest egg was not forthcoming on her being discharged. Whether she ever re covered it, or even a portion of it, we are unable to say. We next find her, during the Indigo rush, established in a small public house on the other side of the creek beyond the "Porcupine Inn.'.' now Gower's, and, if we doubt not, a portion of that ancient shanty still remains. From that, on the de cadence of the Indigo and the breaking out of the Dargo, she, some ten years ago, made her boldest and last flitting on this earth, establishing herself, right on the crown of the Dividing Range, having the heads of the Ovens and Buckland on one side, and those of the Wanangatta and Dargo on the other. Here she had a shanty built, in which she accommodated travellers to and fro, and it was here that the Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, was once benighted, and sought shelter. On asking what he owed in the morning, he tendered his hostess a cheque, much to her indignation, she declaring that she was " not to be done by the like of him," and pretty broadly asserting that hewas little better than a loafer and swindler; She was not disabused of her error until a policeman informed her, to her consternation, of the quality of her guest. On our Bright corres pondent lately reporting her death, he took occasion to say that her courageous, venture had been the means of preventing much human suffering, and perhaps of saving life. It is gratifying to learn that the charitable wife of a neighboring squatter attended the last moments of this brave and enterprising woman, who had perhaps a blow or a word — not always a blessing— for those who crossed her, but nothing, except tenderness for the sick or unhappy, mercy for the unfortunate, and kindness and charity for the distressed. El Dorado Police Court. — At this court on Friday last, before Mr Holmes, P.M., J Sterridge was brought up by Constable Shoebridge, charged with illusing his horse on the 6th May. The constable deposed that on' the above date he savr the defendant beat ing ahorse most- brutally; he was using a stick at'least -an.;inphv> thick.: TothedefenT daut: Could hear the' Slows 100 yards away; you- were - beatingitfae animal on » the. head and- all over the- body. Defendant -made- no defence, and was fined 40s, to be paid in one hour; in jefaultil"? days' imprisonment with hard. labor in Beechworth Gaol. Defendant asked for time to': pay the 'inbheyone.-week was grant ed.— Francis Martell v H Spencer; iclaini £3 ISs 4d, goods sold and delivered. Defendan t admitted (he, liability, and- asked for time.: 1 The amount, with costs- 2s -6d, to be paid by - instalments of 10s per week, ccrn- menoing ' on . Mondays 25th- May, -in -, default distress. ' " . Bee'ckti urtnsolice CouRT.The-follow- ing cases i vere heard before-Mr Howitt, P.M., oa>. Saturday lasts JM'Lou'ghlin-iiV.- Sherrit This; was- .an assault case between- itw-o lads. Mr Ziucke for complainant; Mr Brown for defendant. ; .The evidence -of the.; prosecutor i-was icoirrobOTated.jby.a son of Mr" James" Feely, in yhose' enipioymerit the complainant was;|lie was sent Ky-Mr'Feely on the20th insi to Sherrit's to look for" some_sheep, missing ,?roni Feely 's flockj -M'jdoughlin believing-he recognised one of; them amongst Sherrit's sheep, proceeded to cut it out when four other sheep left the flock.- .with . it, .when Sherrit interfered; ..The police magistrate said they had notbikg-wh&ever-tdidd.wHh.the; disputed; ownership of the sheep, the .que3tion" was whether defendant used mor% force than was necessary to .keep, the.sheep, of .which.he was inJCharge. .The.assault was then sworn ,ti> have been a slap-'fo"jthh-:face, and.His >Wor- isliip I thinking - this!' -beyond : : the;- necessary bounds- '.fined Tthe defendant. 5s> and £1- : 6s costs. "iA-n appiicati6'nf?):fr; a), .transfer ' of license, of -tiie jVtei; ' Eight'Hotel .from Mrs TTncran to Patriots CVi\Tpnrn_ tp»q nnctmnnorl till Monday. — Yesterday, before the same magistrate, the <.same< application . was, post- .poned till the "1st hr June,' an'd' a'suinmons, Gale y Striffianirtber enlarged-for aononth. There was no other business. "'(i"7rl ; ' .r;the Wool sited Murder. — ;In" reference to the. so-calledhmurder; of Ah Fook, at the Woolshed, the Government offers a reward of £100 for suet' jnformation as will lead to the conviction of tho person, or persons guilty of causing the death of . the. deceased. In reference to the. 'case- .we may say that Mr Hodges, the Government interpreter of the Chinese language, has for- several days been engaged in endeavoring to obtain all the information he could upon the subject from the Chinese headmen, the friends of the deceased, and all who were supposed to he able to throw any light on the subjeet, and, we think, we are correct in saying that everything points to the one conclusion, and to that only, that in spite of the medical evidence, Ah Fook mutilated and killed him self. This also has been the opinion of the police from first to last, but in face of the evidence referred, to, and the verdict of the jury, -it is <>but right that the affair should be sifted to the-bottom. Inquest on a Chinaman.— An inqiest was held on Sunday morning at Vine's Butchers Arms Hotel, Spring -Creek, Beechworth, touching the cause of death of Chang Chung, a Chinaman, who had died suddenly on the previous day. The following jury were sworn: — John Phelan (foreman), John Skean, Martin May, W. Pembeiton, Allen Fyfe, Charles Timms, Michael Ryan> I. R. Barnett, Thomas Hayes, Tlios. Quinn, Francis B. George Robertson. Dr Fox. de posed: That he had made a post mo'tem examination of the body viewed by the jury; found no external marks of violence, the small vessels of the membranes of the train were considerably injected; the membranes contained more fluid than natural; the ventri cles contained bloody serum puncttn vasculoscc well marked; the veins at the base of the skull, and upper part of the spinal chord were dilated with blood; both- sides of the heart contained fluid blood, slight enlarge ment left side of the heart; lungs, liver, stomach, and other organs healthy; in his opinion deceased died from asphyxia caused by serous apoplexy. By Sergeant Baber: The body was very fairly nourished, no indication of emaciation at all. Ah Tip, deposed that he was interpreter for the Chinese at the Chinese Camp, Beechworth, had seen the body viewed by the jury, and recognised it as that of Chang Chung; knew him more than ten years; he had been living near witness' place; always lived by himself in a hut ; his occupation was gathering bottles and tins, and carrying water for his neighbors; last saw him alive yesterday at half-past 12 in the Chinese Camp; did not speak to him, but he seemed to be as usual ; he was about forty years old, and he came from Canton; he was a very heavy opium smoker; he has' no relatives about here; he never to witness' knowledge com plained of sickness; saw the body lying dead near Mrs Mon Hoy 's place, about 2 p.m. having heard he was dead, and; went for the police; she lived near witness within a few yards. To the Jury: ' When I saw him it was in tlte direction of Mon Hoy's from ;his own place. Fanny Mon Hoy, a married woman, residing, at the Chinese Camp, and wife .of Mon Hoy, deposed she had seen the dead body of de ceased, and recognised it as that of Chang Chung ; he lived about six yards from wit ness's; had known him' for about two years and a- half; he had a - little place of his own, and lived by himself; he lived by selling bottles, &e.;, and supplied her and others with water, filling the barrels whenever they were empty; saw him on the previous day going, to his own house about half-past twelve, lie was singing and seemed as usual ; told- him then to bring her. some water; he 'said he would iu a few minutes;: he came back in- a quarter of an houirwith two. buckets of water; about five minutes-afteir heard a great noise like a rattling of tins in. an outhouse, arid-, spoke to him; soon afterwards heard a noise-amongst the timber, just outside witness's house; went out and saw deceased just falling, down on the timber;', th&noise; of which induced witness to go out; when she went out she saw him 'under one of' the buckets of water, upsetting it; pulled him- out of the water,, and put him sitting up acainst the wall of the house; got some hot water aud bathed his temples, but it did. not seem to do him any good, and he- never- spoke, only gave a kind of scream when he fell; called to a neighbor and af terwards-on Ah Tip who -was passing; he came and looked at him both thought, he was dead; 'deceased was left there till- the police came; her- husband haviug merely placed a blanket behind him ; deceased wa3 very often ill,! orethree- days about: six weeks ago, not being able to-fetch water;, he complained of a wheezing omhis chest. Con stable Water3 deposed that about half-past 12: on the previous- day- he was sent to the Chinese Camp, in company with All Tip,— meeting. Ah Hum cu the road — to the resi dence of . Mon Hoy;, found Chang Chung lying, there quite' dead, beside the house; some- of the- Chinamen were trying to bring him to life';-, removed- him to where he now lies; saw- no marks of; violence oh the body;' there was. no reason, to -suspeet foul play.;- found no property on him or- in his hut. The jury returned a verdict in. accordance- with the medical evidence: The- Hoxorabls - Joisi -A. "Wallace.— Acs oompaayihgrthe portrait of this gentleman in the last Weekly Times, mora particularly ror ferred to in another column, are the following, remarks by the writer sighing himself "Sagit-.- tarius":-r-" The Hon. John A.W ullace.M.L.U., is what- is known as a Pioneer— a class to be- carefully. disiingnished from Ihe genus known as Old Identities. The resemblances between the two.. are superficial, and strike only the careless: . Thus both are indiffereat to attire. Both affect breechesandh'ate swallowtails with :a holy hatred. Bat the Oldldehtity dreams only of the past while, the Pioneer :dwellsin the pre sent. The one lives hard and -fast' and: the other vegetates: And- no Pioneer has lived harder, and made "the- pace- strbnger' thah Mr Wal lace.. When: he landed- in- 1852,. he had next to nothing; in .his 'pockety and, after six months' labour at the Ovens- he had considerably bless:: . He abandoned: mining, u hich was then called digging ' f ro'm lack of means to pay the 30s license fee ; but a" party at SpringsjCreek-gaye' him.a, share in their claim in consideration of . the length of his. Iimb3,. the thickness of Ms muscle1 and the stoutness of his heart. Mr Wallace todfc some hundreds of. pounds from that paddock, aiid at once abandonee! the5 pick- and' the shovel." He . could- torn his bone and sinew to- some account; " hut his brain power to. much more. A store was his -first venture, -".and '-then t-avpublic-housey .and .his "moderate- prices.—' only eighteen-pence -for- straight drinkk and half-a-crown for- "cock tails"— gained, for him the custom, of the district.' Then came- business as a- slaughter man, aud store was added.- to store, and public-house to. 'public-house,:and slaughter ing establishment to slaughtering establish" ment, until .everybody's beef in the Ovens District was' provided by Mr Wallace, and everybody's beer. He stuck to the miners, allowing them credit-while .claims were, being .developed, and tbe miners stuck to him". And as funds accumulated, -Mr Wallace took- to- advancing- not only food and raiment, but also machinery, until new whole mining townships look up to him as- their" guide, philosopher; and friend," and add the still' more endearing term of "our capitalist.- Within the last few months the electors of the Ovens District— known as the Horth- Eastern Province returned Mr Wallace to the Upper. House as by acclamation. His name -was -no sooner mentioned than it was admitted that no one else had the ghost of a chance in the contest. And the position of M.L.C. brings with it changes. The Consti tution requires a senator to invest money in real property, and Society requires him" to thrust his lower limbs into garments of the Collins-street cut. In our House of Lords "tights" arethe privileges of the Usher of the Black Rod, and Mr Wallace has not ven tured to intrude on that official's awful domain. He has been forced in a great mea sure to abandon his familiar garb, which artists call picturesque, and tailors describe as queer. The rumor that Mr Wallace has been seen in the upright heaver hat of the day is not, however, believed. The hon. gentleman is relied upon to draw the line somewhere. The Beechworth Public Library. — We are requested to call attention to an adver tisement in our business columns requesting persons having retained books from the library over a reasonable time to return them as soon as possibie, in order that a catalogue may be compiled and missing hooka replaced. It is really too bad that some of the most readable book3 should be kept out of the library for weeks and months, the system of lending from one to another being especially objectionable, and likely to end in the loss of interesting and valuable works. The Beechworth Water Scheme. — The prelude to tire case on the bill filed in "> Equity, Connolly and others v The United Shire Council of Beechworth, will come on for hearing to-morrow in Melbourne, being an argument on demurrer. Messrs Webb aud McFarland are retained for the plain tiffs, and Messrs Holroyd and A' Beckett for defendants. Mr Zincke proceeds to Melbourne this morning on behalf of Conolly and party, but we have not heard whether Mr Darvall, the Council's Solicitor, also proceeds to town. If tbe demurrer is- < sustained, the plaintiffs will be obliged to- mend their hand and commerce anew, if not, the suit will proceed on the Bill. , The Queen's Birthday.— The 24th May falling on Sunday, the anniversary of the Queen's Birthday was observed- yesterday , (Whit Monday), thus depriving the offi- cials of a holiday. ;In this district tbe day was not celebrated in any parti cular or special manner, and in Beechworth one coatd only observe the dullness arising from the shops being shut up. In the evening, however, there- were the Rechabite tea meeting, their Juvenile Band performing in the streets, and a few bonfires round the town. Some j!" dance music might also be heard in some of the public houses in the.., evening, by per mission. Racing for Land. — The thirst for settle ment does not seem to be abating in this district.- The cry for. land is still " more, -more." Last' week" an- 'enthusiastic selector"' at Boggy Creek; near -Porepunka, in order it is supposed to beat- a rival selector, rode so hard that his- horse dropped dead' rlf under him at the foot of the Buckland Gap. The horse was, we believe, ailing but alt the more reason that he should not have been ,, cruelly overtaxed. -..gv Mr Engineer RyLey.— Our readers will- regret to- hear that Mr Jtylay, the Govern- < ment engineer, is seriously indisposed. Per haps no- officer in the service lias worked , , longer or more energetically than Mr Ryley, and that too where work in his department meant fatigue, exposure, hardship, and danger. It was remarked when Mr Ryley-„- ; was last in Beechworth that he seemed to be-" by no means in good health, and- if any man in the service has fairly earned a retiring pension it is this much esteemed and zealous: U j : officer. Chief ' Secretary at Chiltern 2— One day last week a groom at a livery stableat Chiltera-" ' received a telegram, ; to. say that Mr Francis": i would arrive from Melbourne by the afternoon train, and that-a carriage and pair were to be : at. the station to meet him, to carry him oik 'at once to Beech worth.. The news some way' got wind, and. a local magistrate,, a 'member of the-, Council and an naturally anxious to do :the, honors in a man- uer worthy of: the Central- City, hastily-'- encased themselves in fnnereal and un comfortable blaok, and., proceeded to meet . the train; On its arrival and on their euquiry for Mr Francis they found, not the Chief Secretary, but a clerk of one of the Beech worth- banks returning from an escort trip to'- the metropolis. ' . A MiATEur CongeiJt .at. ' "Cihlterx. — A 'most successful concert was. given on Friday evening. last, at the Star Theatre, Chiltern. The getting tip of the:- entertainment was.;:: due principally to 'Mr' T. S.AIarshall, head teacher, of the State School, its object being - to provide for the school ; additional educa-- tional apparatus for the use of his scholars, in the shape of maps, models &n.-; The room;:?, was crowded notwithstanding theunfarorable- weather,'and a sum of about £22 clear wasS: | , raised for the.above'.purpdse Of the en-- ' tertaiument itself it may be said.from begin-, . ning to end.it was excellent.'. Some- forty of., the school children under: the- leadership o£ Mr Marshall, and assisted by the Glee Clobd i .sang a number of pieces In a-.'style which showed 'a vast' amount'of ; care- in- their trains? it. ing. A vary interesting debate was given by - - ten of tha-boys on the:question: " which is ofr -f,- the greatest benefit tof lis country, the War- v-fc ' rkuythe Statesman, or "the poet." The hoys had, of course, learned their several parts by . heart, but the elocutionary -attainments dis played, reflected great hfeflit iiii both teacher, - ' and scholars. The . decision". was given in _ favor of tlfe poet. Amongst 'other pieces the" Glee Club sang the "-.Soldiers Chorus " from Faust, " The Anvil Chorus, '.'.land beautiful song and chorus " Spring beautiful Spring," the leading parts byjMisses Loftus, Seiv wright ;and Clarke. A-song -by - Miss..Seivwright_ _ " Who's thajtjTapging at the Garden Gate. must also be mentioned, the, audience being' fairly delighted with. 'the ". singing.. of this young, lady, htiss Seiv wright also sang; with Miss Clarke!! a 'very '..heauttiui . duet, "Fa Away,'; and Mjbs:Loftus:anid Mr Oliver (shiig ' Home to-our Monntajns/Jfeom.Il Trpvatoie.. Both duets were finely given. The " Market Chorus," from Masanidlo) concluded the third partof ..the eneainment ..! The. whole strength ' of the .'company.' assisted. In this " interesting chorus, mahy of the.young ladies . appearing!) .with !,ver£', reifikrkable hut pic ' i £ turesque headdfessjes,' and.holding"'bdsketsiof .. "r flowers in their hands. » .Altogether it '-.was. " very pretty -both to h,ear-and see. The; time 7 and tune kept1 in .the'yarious parts appeared a to be perfect. The ehtertainineiit was. brought- to. a close by the 'singing 'or the"Hational Anthem." - - A Outlines.- of -Geografhy.— .One. of, the.;. simplest and-best Iprimafry-stffiooLib'bbis/Df oi geography, 1 have yet seen just- been published .hylfMr' ! Ge≥ Robertson, of ' Melbo"urhe:the 'compiler- being Mr A. Buckley, head .master, .of. -ithe,Ruther ? glcu State Sch<»L>?It , is 'being; published in' two parts, of which the-first is now before ns, and will be ' sufficient for a great majority i Sf, of the country schools, as it includes the "programme of instruction,"' up to the 4th class. The 2nd part which is not published, will, we understand, contain the programmes - for the oth and 6th classes. The plainness and conciseness of the first little volume are - beyond all praise, the information, too,- being, ( s. the verv latpst procurable. - J Beechworth Post Office Savings Bank. - — The following are the returns of the Beech- worth Post Office SaviugrBank, for the week ending May 23, 1874, showing the number- of deposits, the amount deposited, the number and amount of the - withdrawals, and the- - number of books issued tj Deposits : 14 Amount £51 9 - 0: > . Books issued ......... 1 Withdrawals.....-..- , 2 , -< Amount....;:. ..i > 259 1 10> 