I THE DOOMED SHIP. i (feosi chajebeeb's journal.) B been a deal of rough weather in my B fane, sir ? \ es, that 1 have ; what with being cast away twice, and burnt out off tie (hue, I've had my share of it. sir. I But there's worse than either Btorm or I die, aye, a deal worse." I " \\\ hat s that ?" I asked of my bronzed, I weatherbeaten friend, a boatman at a I favourite bathing place. I "Being speculated on, sir! That's I tie word for it It's a long one ; but I it's the right word for all that ; sold for money, as if we were sheep or oxen." K Something moved the old man deeply as I he uttered the last few words j big bony I fist came down on the thwart of the | boat as if it would smash the frail tim- I re. "You may well look surprised, sir," ! added he, recovering his usual placid | look ; " I ain't myself when I talk of it i I feel a kind of murderous hatred of the villains when it all comes afore my mind. Maybe you'd like to hear the yarn, sir?" "Aery much, indeed," I replied, my curiosity excited by the vehemence of the old tar. Haviog turned his quid of tobacco over in his capacious mouth, he began as fol lows " It s some years ago now since I was woking out for a ship np in the north : freights were very low, and shipping buri- i t626 20 ere was a number of | hands about the port, and do what I t might, I could not get a berth. My money was pretty nigh all gone, for I'd ixen ashore a month, and Jack and his money Boon part, what with land-sharks of one sort and another, male and female -1 don't know which is Hie worst of the wo anyhow, I must go to sea again, or sell my kit, and tramp off to London. Well, I was down upor. TOy Jucfc jjjj- when one morning, as I was countering down to the dockB, to have a look romd the shipping, a man, who bad been walking behind for some little time edged up alongside. ' Looking out for a ship, my lad V mys he, in a blufij hearty kind of way. ' Yes, sir,' says L ' I thought you might be !' says he, casting a side glance at me with his small grey eyes. "Yes, lam,' says L 'YVell, I can put you in the way of a sice snug berth, my lad. I suppose you wouldn't object to a trip to South America !' "It didn't much matter to me where 1 was bound, but somehow the fellows figure-head didn't please me, so I an swered lather short ; If you mean the James "Wilson, she's filled up.' ' on'w wrong; my lad : the vessel I am speaking of is at Cardiff; and if youd like a berth in her, perhaps I a manage it However, there's no uanu done ; you dou't seem to care about 2 an end of it' So saying he me good morning, and dropped , thinks I to myself if this P meant miscbiefj he would not be so S to sheer off one place is as good soother to me, and maybe I'm losing hnrro'H' won t come again in & > I turned ronnd as I was 4 FTnit ®Jre roa» ealla out to him : . nolio there, mister !' afhJr6 to0 no notice; so I ran an® lum till I came alongside! . 'ffh.t' ' ia>' aajs he, sharply, what's in the wind f inat n8 about what you said last now; and if bo be all's square » " (v. nare! What do you mean ! it, man, do you take me for a upi says he. 0itir, lays I, taken quit# aback. r ' 'Well, then, what do yon meanfay all square ! Come, out with'iti Bye no' time to waste with you. There's plenty of hands up yonder that erill Jump at sacb. &a; o&£,k ,'WeU'-t"'' % recovering myself a bit, 1 What s the name of tiie craft ?' "Die Maid of Orleans. But what does it matter to you 1 It ain't all squire, you know f "So saying, he made as if he'd sheer ff> »nd I wish Fd let him go ! Bnt I felt vexed with myself for having doubted the man; my money wonld not last much longer ; I was tired of a shore life, and what a fool I must be, I thought, to throw away such a bath as he had of fered. Sir, says I, following him np, yon needn't take offence at what I said. If you want a man, Fm willing.' " He did not seem best pleased, though, for he stood hesitating a minute before he answered. However, at length he says : " You have to go down by to-night's train. Perhaps your kit isn't ready V ' Never fear, sir ; it doesn't matter to me whether I start to-night or wait a week.' ' Well and good. Then you'd better be off, and get yonr kit in order, and Til meet you at the station at six o'clock. Mind you're there sharp !' ' Never -fear, sir, 'say s I; and so we parted. " Well, sir, somehow or other, though the fellow was civil enough, I didn't feel easy in my mind ; bnt there was nothing left for it . now bnt to go through with it ; so I packed up my kit, bought a few odds and ends, and, towards dusk, made my way down to the station. There was an hour to spare before the train started ; so I crossed the road to a public- house, to have a glass of grog, and sat myself down in a snug corner, whilst I sipped my rum-and-water. >The room was par titioned off with bulkhead e, and there was not a soul there when I entered. By-and-by two men came in, and sat themselves down in the next partition to mine, and I beard them talking toge ther for some time without taking any particular notice. Presently, I thought I heard the name of the craft I'd shipped in, Maid of Orleans, and I pricked up my ears, yon may be sure. I'd kept so quiet, that the fellows, I suppose, fancied they had the room to themselves. 'Bless your soul, man,' says one of them, 'It's a safe venture ; never fear. Eight thousand pounds; that's the amount r You're a smart fellow, and no mis take. Poor beggars I' 'Hold your tongue !' I hate such cant.' Who goes halves, eh ! Tell me that I' ' Well, don't fire np so, man ; surely, there's no harm in pitying them, if we are obliged to give them a dose of salt water. Ha, ha !' ' That's talking like a man of sense. Eight thousand pounds clear profit ! I tell yon, Harry, it's as safe as the Bank of England. She'll never do it i' ' Light airs and calms, yon know, Johnny, eh ! How abont our venture, then ?' ' Confound it, man, you're a regular kill-joy. A capful of wind is more than enough I She's like a sieve ; once out to sea, she'll sop np water like a sponge.' Suppose they take to the boats ; what then V " Well, what if they do ? They .weren't built yesterday. The old Heindeer's cuildren are as old as herself ay, and as .rotten !' ; " He laughed a low, mocking langh, as he spoke, that sent a chill through tny very marrow. I had heard of ships .being sent to seato be lost ; but hitherto it had been my good luck to sail in first- cL-iss craft, and I used to pnt down snch tales as forecastle yarns, invented by Jack out of spite to his owners. I was off the scent, however, and must have been mistaken in my fancy that I heard them mention the Maid of Orleans, though I had some dim notion that I ought to collar the two ruffians and call tbe police; but, then, perhaps, I had not understood the nature of the busi ness, though it seemed plain enough too ; and whilst I was debating in my mind how to act, the fellows got up, and walked ont of the place. I started up, so as to get a look at them ; but it was too dark to make tbem out ; so I went back to finish my grog, and to turn over in my mind what I'd heard. Oue tiring was clear enough, and that was, that the doomed ship was the Bein- deer; and a thought struck me that I might get something about her in the Shipping Geaette, There she was, sure enough ; a large clipper ship, advertised to sail in a week's time, class A1 at Lloyd's, owners Huidley and Company. Fm rather ont of my reckoning hxa,. says I to myselfi - That's a firm that never sent an unseaworthy ship to sea, ana nv.r will. May be, after all, those fellows were game of me, saw poor Jack sitting there, and took a rise out of him. The clock attack the quar ter, so I paid my score, and made all sail for tire station. The man was there, looking so cheeiyand jolly that I scarcely knew him again. ' I was afraid you were going to give me the slip, my hearty,' says he, laugh ing. 'Here's yonr tidtet' Fm sorry I can't go with yon ; but I've telegraphed for some one to meet yon at the station, so you'll be well looked after f "I liked his jokes less than his sneers, so I didn't say anything, bnt bandied into the train. " Good-bye, my hearty,' says he, shaking me by the hand. '.A pleasant voyage and a quick return !' If ever I took a dislike against any one, I did then. The man's face haunted me long after the train had left the sta tion ; but bring given to brooding, and having no cause to doubt his good faith, I got rid of his evil eyes, and lay back dreaming of a certain brown-eyed Folly wbo had promised to wait for poor Jack Eobins till something had turned up. " Arrived at Cardiff I found the mate on the look-out for me ; and after sign ing articles, we went aboard the Maid of Orleans. The vessel was lying in the harbour with the blue-peter flying, and everything ready for eea. She was a long, low crafty deep in the water — rather too deep to please my fancy — fresh punted, and looking .fine enough ; masts crind. spars a trifle" heavy; bnt, on the whole, I could find no thing particular to find fault with about her. As we pulled alongside, X noticed a woman on the poop.: Hearing thesonudof oars, ehe jooked over lhe side, and I drought Fd uever Been -a sweeter face in tsyjife -r 1118,11 Bt Bis wife a board 1' says to the mate! '.eaj and she's a regular goodunl' "f88 wr 'You'll find yonrself as com- tortable aboard as if yon was passenger maimer.1 - " r -o "®1® skipper was coming up from the cuddy as we came on deck — a fine sailor-like young fellow, about thirty years of age, with an affable, pleasant way with him, that took my fency. 'I hope you'll be comfortable aboard, my man," nays he : "live and let five, that s my motto. Yon do yonr duty by me, and never fear bnt that Til do mine by you.' ' All right, air,' says I, touching my cap ; and then I went forward and made ; acquaintance with my shipmates. Well, sir; to make a long story short, we got under -weigh that afternoon, and stood out to sea, working down Channel with ' a light south-west breeze. The crew con- sis ted of the captain, chief and second mates, boatswain, and fourteen men and > a boy ; captain's wife, cook, and steward : twenty-two all told ; and things went on smoothly, enough for eome days after we ' sailed. My messmates told me that this was the skipper's first voyage as master, and that he had been married abont three weeks ; and a happier couple there couldn't be anywhere. The young girl — for she was but a child after all— —used 1 to come on deck of amorning often when I was at the wheel ; and she bad always a kind word and a smile, that lighted np her pretty face for the hands. She was as frill of fan and frolic as a kitten, it bring; I suppose, snch a new kind of life to her ; always joking and teasing the skipper, and plaguing him out of his life, what with saying she must tiy and be a sailor, and learn to' knot; and splice, and steer, and handling the marline- spike and a bit of rope, daubing her pretty fingers with tar, running to the tafirail to look at the fish, or hoisting signals to passing vessels, using the wrong flags, and laughing merrily when the old man would try and be dignified. But 'twas no manner of use ; her saucy langh rippling out like the little waves breaking against the ship's ride, would change his frown into a smile in spite of himself ; and often he'd cast a sheep's-eye at me, as much as to say : 'You see, Robins I What can a fellow do with a craft like this in tow!' "Sometimes she'd declare she must learn to steer, and come and pat her little white bands on the spokes of the wheel, making believe that she was watching the compass in the binnacle, whilst I was afraid of crushing her tiny fingers with my great knotty fists ; and so the ship would come up in the wind, setting all jthe sails a-shaking, and then she'd dap her hands together, and call Harry, that was her husband, to see the mischief she'd done, her blue eyes kind ling with delight; and her golden hair floating over her shoulders like a mer maid's. I believe I was a bit of a fevonrite with her, as I always took care to keep myself clean and tidy, and to have a civil tongue in my head There was something so innocent and winning about the girl, too, always ready to do a good turn, or to put in a kind word for any one, that we got to look upon her as a sort of angel or fairy. Anyhow, this much Fll say — I've sailed in scores of ships in my time, hnt I never heard less swearing on board any ship before or since than aboard of the Maid of Orleans. Well, sir, we'd been out about three weeks, the weather fine, with light breezes ; and though we pumped rather more water ont of the ship than we liked to see, there was nothing particular to growl about. I was so comfortable, and tilings went on so smoothly, that I'd well nigh forgotten all about the talk I'd overheard at the public-house, when one evening it- all came back upon me on a sudden. For the last few hours the clouds had been gathering heavy from the north'ard; the, wind shifted and jibed ronnd; the skipper looked anxious, and I heard him tell the mate that the barometer was felling, and that we should have dirty weather before night. The watch were employed in odd jobs abont tbe decks ; and bring in .want of a coil of span yarn, the boatswain sent me down into the storeroom to fetch it. The place was pitch dark, so I was obliged to take a lantern with me ; and after grop ing about for some time, I found what I was in search ofj close to the foremast, that ran through the storeroom. I was picking it up, when the light of the lantern fell upon some letters roughly cat into the mast, as if some idle young scamp had amused himself fay carving his name with his jack-knife. Thinks I to myself, let's see what mark the fellow has left. I raised the lantern, and as I made ont the letters, a shiver ran through mj very bones. There, as sure as death itself was—t - -word -ffisMtcieer cut out dear and distinct upon the'runro. «. xr„„ , could have knocked me down with a feather ; my knees trembled under me ; a sort of dumbness came over my mind m I read again and again, scarce know ing what I did, that fatal word. The horrible talk I had overheard in the pnblic-houBe seemed dinned into my ears, mingled with the hoarse rush of the mocking waters, that seethed and foamed round the ship, as if reminding me that they were only biding their time to swrilow us up in a living tomb. As I sat; dazed and frightened — it was the wickedness that 'frightened me, more than all the rest — on a coil of hawser, with a sort of horror in my heart, I heard the boatswain's voice shouting for the hands to shorten sail, and I sprang np the ladder to the deck. There was no time to be lost ; a squall had struck us, the topsail halyards had been let go by the run, the sails were flapping abpnt like thnnder, and all hands shortening sail for dear life. " We Boon got the ship under double- reefed topsails, with a stiff gale blowing, the sky black and ugly, and the sea gett ing up, promising tough work before the night was out but if it hadn't been for what Fd seen below, the gale might have blown itself bine in the face with out my troubling myself abont it Well, as the dog-watch from six to eight was wrii nigh over, I thought I wouldn't say anything to the skipper afore morning ; but somehow my mind couldn't rest easy; it was no use frightning my ship mates ; so, after a deal of tacking abont in my mind, I determined . to make a Clean breast of it ; for, thinks I, if he knows anything, there's no harm done ; and if he dosen't;he'll be warned in time. Well, sir, I hung abont the quarter deck waiting till the dripper came below, and then Isent the steward in to say I wanted to tpttk o wprcl with Mm, Well, my man,' says he ' what do yon want!' 'Excuse me, sir,' I says, ' but Fve got a queer yarn to tell you.' So I np and told him from -beginning to end. As I finished, his face was ghastly pale ; his eyes wandered to the door of the cabin, where his beautiful yonng wife was lying, and his hands was clenched convulsively together: He didn't utter a sound, bnt seemed as if he was awak ing ont of a dream, putting things to gether bit by bit, till it was all clear to him, as the noon-day sun. Presently, he lifted up his eyes, aud clasped his (bands, saying : 'O God, help my poor wife ! ' aud though he was a strong, hearty yonng fellow, there was a tear trickling down his cheek aa if he'd been a woman. I don't think he was conscious of my presence just then ; the shock had dazed him, like ; he knew better than I thought how he'd been caught in a trap ; how he'd been betrayed by a villain, a false, black-hearted villain ; and the hopeless ness of escape paralysed him. For my part; I'd expected nothing of this kind ; I was not behind the scenes so much as he ; bo, though Fd feel it my duty to make a report, yet I hoped the skipper would only laugh at me, and call me a fool for my pains. Leastways, Fd said to myseff most likely, after all, he'll be able to explain the affair, and set my mind easy. When I saw him like tbis, my heart failed me. I had a < poor girl, too, that was as precious to me as his wife to him. So I says : " I sup- ; pose there's no doubt, sir, of this ship bring the old Beindeer !' " He looked np at me with a face of horror and despair as I hope never to see again on mortal man.- It moved me so, rough fellow thongh I was, and not much given to feeling, that I could lave cried like a child. It was his wife, hiB bride, the cheery, loving, laughing girl yonder, that was tearing hiB heart, to think he had dragged her to a floating tomb, and become a murderer, like, of the creature he'd have died for ! It is true, Bobius ! Heaven have mercy upon us I My wife I my poor wife P Just then, the door of the cabin opened, and the beantifnl face of his wife, with a bonny smile lighting on it np, peeped into the cuddy (E think she had rather gloried in the noise and con fusion of the squall), thinking her hus band was alone, no donbt, for her hair was felling loosely over her shoulders, and she was partly undressed. | ' Harry, dear,' she says, in a cheerful voice, for his back was towards her, and I was standing well back in the shade, ' when are yon coming !' "Her voice seemed to electrify the skipper ; his fece became livid with passion ; but he , answered quietly enough, ' I am engaged for a few minutes, Lillie ; I will be with you pre sently.' " When she was gone, the skipper turned upon me almost fiercely. I am betrayed, Robins, ruined, ay, murdered ! But woe to the man who has done it I The vengeance of Heaven will light npon him, and blight liim and his 1 Don't mention this aifeir to a soul ; it can do no good. Poor fellows, it is no fault of mine. It will only unman them, and we most do what we can to save ourselves, iu spite of these villains. Then let tbem look ont P There was a gleam in his eye as he said this that meant mischiefj though he was as quiet and good-natured a man as ever I sailed with. ' Send the carpenter to me ; and not a word, on your life.' " I left the caddy with a dark fear in my heart; that I had never known be fore ; onr doom was sealed, sure enough, thought I ; a mere question of time ; a few hours more, perhaps, and these . fiends would clutch the blood-money. There was murder, I'm afraid, in more than one heart that night' on board the Maid of Orleans. ' Man the pumps P was the first cry I heard when I got on deck, and I shuddered from head to foot. " ' There's a deal of water in her,' the boatswain mattered as I passed him on my way to deliver the message to the carpenter. I "It was my middle watch, that is from twelve to four, so I turned into my bunk pretty well knocked up with the work of the day, but for the life of me I couldn't get a wink of sleep. The skipper haunted me with his wild despairing fece; and seemed to reproach me with not having spoken before ; and then the soft loving eyes of his wife pleading for mercy, poor young thing, ay, there they were, once so bright and merry, pleading with-the villains who had betrayed her husband, and sent them both to sea in a living tomb ! Then I thought of Polly, and wondered what, she was doing, and whether she was saying a prayer for poor Jack Robins. I dozed off at last, but was soon roused by a man coming -tetolhe forecastle and grumbling to a chnm otniB. - 'They say she's sprung aeakj"3BSC If 11 be all hands in a few minutes.' ' How's the wind !' growled tbe other, an old sea-dog that had weathered a hundred storms. ' Freshening fast The old man's been on deck all the watch.' "Then the man, having lighted his pipe, sneaked out again, whilst old Jones turned over, to make the best use of his time. "Eight bells. stinckat last, and as it was my time at the wheel, I tamed out smart The vessel' was labouring heavily in an ugly sea, under close-reefed top sails, and the wind whistled through the rigging like the hiss of an angry fiend. The dull jerking sonnd of the pumps, at which four of the watch were working, told its own trie ; and as I reached the poop, the carpenter came iqr from below with n fepe as white as a ghost He went aft to the skipper; and I guessed pretty well what Bort of a report he had to make. "Hie ship, too deeply laden, was straining and groaning in the waters like a wearied horse, each wave .that broke against her sending a quiver throngh her frame, opening up the weak spots in the hull, that let the cruel water in at each fresh blow. It was an awful feeling that stole over me just then. If she had sprang a leak in the ordinary course of things, I should have taken as a mishap all she might meet with, and been the first to cheer up, and rqn tbe risk of life with a light heart;, bnt to know for cer tain (hat we were doomed "beforehand — (hat we were the victims of- a plot — our lives sacrificed for profit — onr blood held of no account by . a set of inhuman monsters— (his cut to my very . soul, raising a storm of savage wrath within jnp, snch w I never felt before or ripce, Pump, poor wretches !' I exclaimed to myself ; " ay, pump your arms off ; bnt it's no use— a steam-engine couldn't gave us I' ' A sail on the lee-bow.' " The voice came like an angel's through the roar of the elements. The boy, a smart, chubby-faced lad, who was a general fevonrite on board, poor fel low ! had been sent aloft to secure the topgallant-sail, that was blowing itself loose from the gaskets, and his cry sent a thrill of hope through my heart. ' Ay, ay !' shouted the skipper ; ' weather main brace. Keep her away a couple of points, Robins.' " There was a terrible excitement in the skipper's eye as he spoke to me, and a hard ring in his voice, that told its own tale. ' Jnmp aloft there; Mr. Short, and see what you can make of her I' says he to the mate ; then turning «g«in to me, he added, ' It's onr only chance; Robins ; the carpenter reports four feet of water in her. Thank Heaven for this mercy !' 'A large vessel nnder double-reefed topsails, close-hauled,' reported the mate, as he came down from aloft, for the clouds had broken away from the moon just then, and the wind slackened a bit. ' Get the rockets np, Mr. Short, and the bine-lights ready.' Ay, ay, sir 2' replied Short, as good a seaman as ever trod a plank. " Meantime, with the yards squared, and a reef shaken oat of tiie topsails, the Maid was rushing over the waters, as if anxious to give her doomed crew a chance of rescue, before the greedy ocean shonld swallow her in its huge maw ; whilst, as she rose on the crests of the waveB, I could distinguish the dim out line of the strange ship about two points on the lee- bow. What a time that was ! The watch labouring at the pumps, a sort of hush on the rest of the crew, who had remained an deck, as if aware that the doomed ship was running a race with time for dear life; the skipper with one hand on the taffrail, and a speaking-trumpet in the other, casting fearful glances over the side, as if mea suring each dip of the unhappy vessel into tiie waters ; and below, sleeping calmly, as if pillowed on her mother's breast, his beautiful wife; all uncon scious that grim death was within a lew feet of her innocent heart !" "You grow eloquent, old man," I said, as the old sailor paused for a few moments as he thoughtfully refilled his pipe. " Aye, sir ; it gives a man tongue, when he's got to tellsueh a yarn aa this ; I can see it all now as I sit here." He remained reflectively puffing .his tobacco for some minutes, then resumed his narrative, " Well, as I was a-saying, sir, it was a time of terrible suspense. Presently, the carpenter crept np the poop-ladder again, and made a rfepurt to the skipper, and I heard him ntter an exclamation of horror. Five feet of water in tbe hold ! " The moon was again hidden by black clonds ; the gale blew with increased futy ; the waves threw their foam high over the decks, as the ship broached to, yawing in the huge valley of waters that inclosed her in on every side ; whilst afar burnt the light of the strange vessel npon which we were bearing down, more brightly in my eyes than ever did beacon." " ' Fire a rocket,' said the skipper, 'we will try them with that ; maybe they'll heave to.' " In a few seconds the meteor flashed np into the thick darkness, a dazzling cry for help. " Even the men at the pnmps rested for a moment to watch the effect of that messenger for rescue. We were now within half a knot of the stranger, who was hugging the wind, steering to the north'ard. " Great Heaven 1' I heard the skipper cry after the lapse of a few minutes, daring which there was no reply, ' are they ail asleep Y " Another rocket was sent np, followed at intervals of a few minutes by others ; but still the stranger held on her course; as if no doomed ship was imploring succour, no drowning wretches crying ont for help 1 " ' Burn a bine-light V cried the skipper; and the burning mass lit up the deck, the spars, the rigging, the sails, the haggard faces of the crew, the terrible calm face of the skipper, and the terrified wondering fece of the skipper's wife, who had come up from below, and was cling ing to the companion-ladder with a childlike astonishment, gazing ronnd on the awsome scene. "Steer right for her !' shouted the skipper to me ; then catching right of his wife, he rushed to her ride, and seizing her arm led her on deck. Another bine-light lit up the dismal night, and then one or two musketa were .redforour only gun was stowed away on deck. " ' Stand by the braces T shouted the skipper, for -the strange craft was now within a few cables' length. " ' Get ready the cutter, Mr. Short' He had recovered his self-possession, wMch, at the right of his poor wife, seemed for a moment to have deserted him, and issued his orders in a calm clear voice, that gave fresh courage to the now frightened crew. " It was an awful inoment, that ! Tbe ship was settling down ; I felt certain of it, as she refused to answer her helm, but rose and sank lazily in the swelling waters, as if her strength was spent "'Helm up I' cried the skipper, rushing aft ' Run close under her stern !' " Vain effort ! In vain I brought the tiller bard over ; she refused to answer her helm. " ' She's sinking, sir !' I cried, as the frantic skipper pushed me aside, and grasped the wheel ' It's too late 1' He sprang forward like one possessed. " ' Man the boat; men ! Quick, for your lives !' " ' Ay, sir.' There, almost within bail, was the stranger, standing steadily oo, her great black hull visible to every eye as she rose and sank in the water like an automaton, her white sails gleaming against the dark sky, her light burning brightly at the mast-head — a ship manned by fiends 1 A superstitious dread crept over me as I watched her ; perhaps the ghost of a doomed ship luring us on to hope, and mocking us as we iu agony Bbrieked aload for faejp ! "Even amid that horrible scene of -danger and suspense, with death storing them in the foce; the men. waited ptiently till tiie skipper's wife was placed securely in the boat ; her white livid fece touching tire heart of the i roughest amongst us, -as we lifted her - gently in as if .she'd been our own ' flesh and blood, and wrapped around her : all we could lay hands on to make, her - comfortable ; whilst nearer and nearer ! to the water's edge sank the doomed vessel, . no longer rising to the heavy ; billows, but yielding as if impotent;, in- : the clutches of some sea-monster, drag ging ber down a thousand fethoms deep. "The skipper was the last man to leave tbe ship, bearing in his arms a fevonrite little dog of his wife's, and as he sprang in he shouted, ' Give way for yonr lives, men P "Not a moment too soon, or we shonld have been swallowed np in the vortex of the sinking craft. least one glance ronnd as we pulled away; the vessel reared herself up, as if for a final struggle, her sails flapping against the masts, as if affrighted ; then she plunged down into the mighty deep. " Well, sir, there we were adrift on the wide waste of waters, a strong gale blowing, a dark night, and a leaky boat The words of our murderers came up clear and sharp in my ears as I lay coached up close to the skipper and his wife, she clinging to him, and resting her golden hair on his breast Hie children are no better than tiie mother; and, sore enough, already two of- the hands were baling out the water that oozed -in throngh the rotten rides of the cutter. Not a word had anyone spoken since the foundering of the ship ; a sort of horror had settled on all of us ; for even the poor boy, a little wee chap on his first voyage, could see that 'twas no use frying to reach the strange craft; whose light now and again shone over the waters like a Will-o'-the-wisp, growing more and more dim as she crept on her course, leaving a boatload of Christian souls to perish almost within hail, -with out an effort to save them ! The silence was broken on a sudden by a voice that sent a thrill through our very bouIs : ' Harry, Harry ! save me ! Take me home; Hancy, dear ! O, mother, mother ! why don't yon come !' "Poor yonng thing I I suppose ehe was dazed with the awful suddenness of the thing ; anyhow, I felt a kind of choking in my throat as I heard her pitiful cry." " Hush, dear! " says the shipper softly, but his voice was husky aud thick. "We shall soon be safe! Be quiet, darling, for Harry's sake ! " " Hie voice seemed to soothe her, for she remained silent for a few minutes, then she sprang up, and looked round." " Harry, Harry I where are we ! Am I dreaming! Harry, quick; the water! Oh, take poor Lillie home 1 " " Then she sank down again, and I could hear her sobbing like a child. I've been wrecked twice; and burnt nut in the old Roslyn Castle; bnt I never saw snch a crew as that same crew of the Maid of Orleans. Not a groan, not a whisper against the skipper ; but each man seemed to make himaeff as you may say, the guardian of that frail girl yonder, crying for her mother and her home." The old man stopped, and leant his grizzled head on his great bony band, as if overcome by the memory of that dreadful scene. Presently, as if ashamed of his emotion, he looked up, saying : "Yon must excuse an old srit;" sir; bnt when I think of her bonny fece, Fm regular thrown on my beam-ends,, like. Well, sir, presently a kind of fearful whisper ran through us : " She's sinking!'' It reached the ear of tbe shipper's wife as she nestled in his arms. " Hany, Harry ! Do you hear! Save me ! Oh, I can't die I Harry, darling, do save poor little Lillie 1 " " I would give my life for you, Lillie ! I shall die with you," I heard him say. " O Harry, my feet are so wet; so cold ! Tell me Fm dreaming, Hany ! 0 no ! But will yon die with poor Lillie ! Kiss me, dearest ! " " Those were the last words I heard ; a shout of despair broke at length from the poor fellows as the boat settled down in the waters — a shout that rings in my ears as I tell of it ; and the next moment we were striking out for dear life in tiie great ocean. The boat had drawn me down with her; and when I rose to the surface, my hand touched something hard, .which I clutched with the gripe of death. I didn't hear a cry ; 1 was alone, as for as I could judge, and you may be sure I clung feat to that bit of timber ; for though I was a first-rate swimmer, I knew I most keep afloat, God willing, by the help of that oar! How I passed the next hour before daylight broke, I can't well describe. My mind wandered, I fency, a bit; for old scenes and old familiar faces were pictured like before me. One time I was in the old house at home, chapter ont of the Bible, and Icunld hear every word clear and distinct, just as she'd sat there afore I went on my first voyage. Then I was standing with Polly band in hand, with tbe bit of ring we'd broken in halves, pledging our troth down yonder nnder the oak-tree at the farm. Then, again, I could see the skipper's wife with her golden hair streaming over the waters, cold and dead, bnt her face somehow like an angel's, for all it was-so white and still ; and all the while I was conscious that if I let go my hold of the oar that the great waves tried to dash from it was all over with Jack Robins. "Well, sir, daylight broke at last; the sea had gone down a bit, and I strained my eyes in search of a friendly saiL Sore enough, bearing down right upon me was a small craft. I ain't a man, Fm sorry to say, much given to prayer, bnt at that moment I lifted my heart to heaven to send that ship to me ! On Bhe came like a sea-bird bounding over tiie waves, every stitch of canvas spread to the breeze; for the storm was over, and only a heavy swell remained, as a" witness of the evil work it had dona Once she yawed to starboard. Bnt no ; it was only tbe blundering fellow at the helm ; and again she bore down as if sbe would cut me in two. She was within two cables' length, and I raised my voice; and shouted like mad. A fellow in a red cap ran forward, and looked over the bows. Again I hallooed;' he saw me, and waved his hand. I was saved! What a prayer of-gratitude I uttered from my very soul ! On she came, as if the vessel herself longed to snatch poor Jack from a watery grave; till, running close down upon me, she hove to, and lowered a boat "Well, -sir, the rest of. my yam is soon told. Hie vessel was a Spaniard, bound to Chili and I was glad enough to lend a hand to the crew in exchange for a passage outj Well, sir, you may be sure I was anxious to get back to England, to bring the villains, who, for the sake of the insurance money of eight thousand pounds, had doomed us all to go to the bottom, arid who, of course, had got the cash. It -would have been right for me to get them punished ; bnt a good offer was made to me in a ship bound to Australia ; so I .thought Fd bide my time; fori couldn't afford to throw away a chance like that. When we reached Melbonrae, the gold-fever was raging and I made my way off to the diggings ; aud it was foil six years afore I stepped ashore in the old country once more. I told my story to several influential gentlemen ; but bless yon, sir, they only shook their heads, and said it was a long time ago, that Fd no proofs to bring, and advised me to let the matter drop. But it's been on my mind this many a year ; and now I hear there's a friend of poor Jack as has taken up his cause ; and if you'd like to tell him this yarn of poor Jack Robins, why, you're welcome, dr." 