CROWN LANDS SALE. AT THE POLICE-OFFICE WAGGA WAGGA, On Friday. 30th January. OOUNTRY XiOTS. Lot A, 80 acres, county of Cooper, parish of Grong Grong, about three miles north westerly from John Lupton's 40 acres, No. 5 ; selected hy T. So-\nnell. L^t B, 24 acres 1 rood, lot C, 60 sores, lot D, 45 acres 3 roods, lot E, 66 acres 1 rood, and lot F, 40 acres, county of Claren don, parish of Eunaooreenya, at the northern, southern, and eastern boundaries of G. A. McNickle's conditional purchases of 40 sores eacQ, in os. vi anu vo, ana a. orowm uuu ditional purchase of 40 aores, No. 97, Eunanoreenya run ; lot C exclusively of a road 1 chain wide. Lot G, 49 aores 8 roods, county of Claren don, parish of North Wagga Wagga, ad joining part of the northern boundary of E. J. E. Bennett's conditional purchase of 74 acres, Eunaooreenya aud Gobbagombalin runs. Lot H, 40 acres, lot I, 80 acres, oounty of Clarendon parish of North Wagga Wagga. at and near the western boundaries of T. CUrtwright junior's and J. Organ's conditional purchases of 40 acres aod 61 acres respectively. Lot J, 320 acres, county of Clarendon, parish of Gobbagomhalin, adjoinining the northern boundary of A. Jar vis's conditional purchsss of 320 aores, and at the western boundaries of A. Booth's and J. Holloway's 220 acres and 100 aores respec tively. Upsst price, £1 per acre. IirtBB.B8Tnia Discovert at the Vaults of the Bank of Enouand. — It is not generally known, says a London correspondent, that nnder the provisions of its ancient charter, the governor and corporation of the Bank of England are obliged not only to purchase at their fair value any precious metals tendered to them, but are also obliged to take charge of any gold or ailver, in igoots or plate, tbat may be brought to them for eafe keeping. From time to time plate chests have been deposited with this view in the vaults of the bank, and many of them have been there eo long that they are actually rotting away. On a recent occasion the eervants of the bank discovered a chest which, on being moved, literally fell to pieces. On examining the contents, a quantity of massive plate was discovered, of the period of Chsrles tbe Second. This circumstance in itself might not be very interesting, but that there was found with the plate a parcel, whioh proved to be a bundle of old love-letters, carefully arranged acoording to their dates. An inspection of them revealed a correspondence of a tender and romantic description, earned ou daring the period of the restoration, Tbe name of the -writer was fonnd to be Berners, and after considerable search among the archives of the institutions, it was found that a family of that name had been con nected with the bank about ths time in question. Acting upon this clue, the directors prosecuted their inquiry, and being satisfied that a gentleman of the name name, is the lineal representative of tbe owner of tbe plats and the love letters, , both bave been handed to him. Tbe plate has been sent to Messrs. Lvmbert, the celebrated silversmiths, in the Haymarket to be cleaned, and the nevly-disoovered owner bas per mitted it to be shown to anyone interested iu plate of the period. The lorn letter* are not, however, on view. LotTOBvrrr of. Esglahd. — A report recently issued, by the register-general, eays the London Times, contained further.teeti tnouy on the.shbjeot of longh'fe. Iuone year the following deaths have been registered in England, the age (like otber particulars) .being taken on the statement of the relatives or otber persons supplying information of the death. There were twenty-seven persona registered as dyiog at the age of one hundred years, seventeen nt one bund red sud one, tea at one hundred and two, five at .one handred and three, three at one hundred and (oar, two at one hundpsd and five, two at one hundred and six, one at one bnndnd and seven, one at ooe hundred and eight, one at one hundred and nine' years. Tbe Last three ahould bavespeaal mention. A man in thn district of Seveooaks was registered as dying at. one hundred and seven years old ; a man in the district of Ledbury, one hundred and o%ht{ a woman in tha . district of Chester one hundred ,- and nino, y*ai» ©Id. Sevan osntjsnsrian* - died in tbe metropolis, and «even ia Lanoasbire. Of ^he whole eixty .nina, {vewty-fiwe were men, and - forty-four were wetaeu. From l8fl U 1 87 ! ths, deaths *-f ;peoj4n/regieterad*s. being «-» hundred j»«a» jiP pf ^H-trairaM mm, aaa ity- ama women. The registrar-general mentions as the only known instance of an insured life reaching one hundred yean that of Jaoob William Liming, who died in 1870, at the age of one hundred and three years. His age was dearly established by documentary evidence submitted to the registrar- general aod published by bim io bis weekly return. ' A Mm Knxsn s; a Bear.— Oa October IS, Dr. Lsnkester held an inquiry at Faddington on the body of Frederick Cooper, aged forty-two years, a gardener in the employ of Mr. Warner, of the Lower Welsh Harp at Hendon. It appeared from the evidence that Mr. Warner had kept in his grounds some five years a large brown bear, the ssme whose escape for a short time a few months baok created eome excite ment. The bear was chainsd op in an en closure near the water's edge, and was con sidered dooile. A few months back the de ceased was wheeliog a barrow io tbe vicinity of tbe bear's kennel, at which Bruin ex hibited great irritation, and repeatedly showed its dislike to Cooper afterwards. It was the practice occasionally to give the bear grass; and on Octobsr 10th the de ceased, having been cuttiog the grass plot, took an armfoli of grass and went within the hurdles, and, as deceased himself stated, threw the grass to the bear. On turning to come away, while within the length of the chain and before he oould reach the opening, tbe bear flew at and attacked him, and threw him down. The deceased's cries brought assistance, and one person having a boat hook struck the bear with it whilst he was standing over the deceased's body. They succeeded in beating tbe animal off, and getting tbe deceased out, when it was dis covered that he had received frighfnl in juries. He was removed to St. Mary's hospital, where he expired thirty-six hours a'ter admission. Mr, BereBford, the bouse surgeon, stated that the deceased bad re ceived twenty-one laoerated wounds, snd bad died of aoute mortifioation. Mr. Warner, the owner of the bear, said it was five years old, and was so docile that children used to feed it, and it would feed with dogs; and a man had ridden round the post to whioh it was chained on its back. Since this occur rence he had offered the bear to the Z to logical Gardens, but as tbey declined to have .it, he had it shot. The jury ultimately re turned a verdict of ' accidental death,' with an expression of opinion that no blame at tached to any one. Western Coupumentb. — An Omaha editor has a pleasing way of doing the little compliment to the strsnger of distinction visiting that city. Thus: — ' W. M. Mad den, commonly known as ' Fatty, the Great American Traveller,' arrived in the city yes-' terday and sampled forty kegs of beer, be sides attending tbe circus and eating eight straight meals at the Wvmoning.' Lord Mansfield's Folibred Satire. — Sir Fletcher Norton, who was somewhat ill mannered, when pleading before Lord Mansfield on some qu set ion of manorial rights, chanced unfortunately to say, ' my lord, I can illustrate tbe point by an instance in my own person ; I myself have too little manors.' The judge immediately inter posed, with one of his blandest smiles, ' we all know it, Sir Fletcher.' Onoe is Enough ? When Arthur was a very email boy his mother reprimanded him one day for some misdemeanour. Not knowing it, his father began to talk to him on the same snhjeot. Looking np in his face, Arthur said, solemnly, ' My mother has 'tended to me.' Advertising.— Advertising is a science, and although it is beooming to be recognised as a primary and uuavoid ble expense in the prosecution of any business enterprise, and sometimes the only capital in many under takings, still there are but very few who really appreciate its immense importance, or realise the wonders it is capable of perform ing. When managed with experience, judgment, skill, persistency and liberality, we do not believe there ever was an ioBtBUce known where it did not yield most gratify ing results. — Paper and Printing Trades Journal. The Veracity of History.— The Per sians know sometimes a great deal more than is pleasant about foreign doiogs ; bnt, it must be added, their popular authors bave a singular talent for distorting European fact eo as to suit the national taste for the marvellous. In . a much-read book, called Tbe Deeds of Two Naplonns (Napoleon I and Napoleon III), Oraioi's attempt on the Emperor's life takes this -shape:— 'The traitor Oraini brought and laid at the feet of his sovereign a hat of such wondrous tnsg nifioence that the golden columns iu the im perial palace .turned red with envy. But while all stood entraooed at the splendour of this bat, Naplouu, iu a voice of thunder, told tbe traitor to put it on. He trembled and did eo, and fell dead at his master's feet, for the hat was full of gunpowder and phosphorus.' Obeyed to the Lezx&e.;— Aman who had missed his way overtook a buy going with a pot of tar to mark his master's sheep. He asked htm the road to Banff, but was directed by so many turnings that he agreed to take the boy behiod him on his horse. Finding the boy pert and dooile, he gave bim aome wholesome advice, adding, occa sionally, 'mark me well, my boy.' 'Yes, sir, I do.' He repeated the injunction so often that tha boy at last cried out, 'I oanna mark ye ony mair, as tbe tar bas gi'en oot.' Hyxkiko ths Potato.— A Oonuectiout editor devotes a leading artiole to bymoing t ie potato— the Irish potato. He glows, he gleams, he sotntillatee in expatiating upon the delioiousuess of the tuber in general and of this year's orop in particular. 'They ara large and. fair,' he chanta, and whan you boil them '(hay burst their jackets and overflow in cataraots of vegetable snow flukes.' Hero's richness 1 Here's picturesque ness ! A bounce into practicality annouooes that the present prioe in Connecticut of a | bushel of these jacketed eitnwflakas is only I one insignifioant dolisr, whioh is cheap for j so much overflowing beauty. Then ]doth .this poet, with , a pensive kind of awe, pro oeed to atato that not everybody knows- how to cook theee marvels. . 'There'a au art,-' he says, '? a genius like the poet's — boi^i, ant made, whioh produoe* Tried potatoes and*-. licioBS aa,a£aii7'sdrBSin; ' but he gives oyt -the ?a(-p*- ? What peculiarly touches -unfl oharnM.oae/bowerer, in this nong-qfpraise,: is the. statement ,that ths potatoes are .good jsnd oost ans dolisr per bushsL— Key ^Emlr Tribuo*, v: , : 'arm ?o d.f r *. _ . AratWtyyal 8-stho4 of foiling a^jia$4 I appears that a wfdow of maiflrs age in oom fortahle circumstances, having married a sssfaring youth of pugilistic' sittainments, [ becoming dissatisfied with the kind of exer cise to whioh she was oooaatonalljr Subjected, ; took ont a summons against her husband for ' assault. The latter on receiving his invita tion to attend the Belmont court was very demonstrative at first, but as the day for i hearing the pros and cons approached, 1 gradually sobered down. The court opened 1 on Friday morning at ten o'clock, but before this time, the husband, who had engaged a conveyance, invited bis fair partner of fifty to tske a drive. ' Mary dear ! ' oould not resist tbe insionsting terms in whioh she was addressed. They mounted the vehicle, and at a furious pace the husband took his courss towards Oonnewarre, just the reverse road of that which she intended to travel. In vain 'Mary dear' expostulated, the husband had command of the reina, and con soling her with the reflection that he was giving her an airing before introducing her to tbe magistrates, he allowed fully an hour to lapse and then alighted at the door of his cottage, leaving his spouse to refleot on tbe manner in whioh she had been deprived of her legal remedy. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled fellow! Beoause he sticks at nothing. Men born blind can't be carpenters, be cause they never saw. What is that which has a mouth, but never speaks, and a bed in whioh it never sleeps ? — A river. To take down the gridiron from the nail where it is bsnging with the left hsnd, is a sign tbat there wilt be a broil in the kitchen. Did the man who ploughed the seas, and afterwards planted his foot upon native soil, ever harvest bis crops ? Our school-boy remarks that when his teacher undertakes to show bim what ib what, he only finds ont which is switch. A witness, in describing a certain event, said, ' the person I saw at the head of the stairs was a man with one eye named Wil kin*-' ' What was the name of the otber eye ? ' spitefully asked the opposing coun sel. The witnesa was disgusted with the levity of the audienoe. A singular occurrence recently took place at Omi, Japan, says the Hiogo News. A native of the place named Kuro 'was arrested by the police, caught in tbe aot of commit ting burglary, imprisoned, finally taken before the judge, and sentenced to strangu lation. After the lapse of three days the supposed corpse was given over to his friends for burial, a coffin or box having been taken to the court-house wherein to place the body; but tbe act of bending the limbs caused a circulation of the blood, and the man that was considered as dead began to ebow signs of life. The wonder-Btricken relatives and friends used their best exer tions to restore animation, and at length had the satisfaction of seeing the man Teturn to complete consciousness. Tbe police autho rities, however, thinking justice about to be cheated of ita victim, re-arreBted the man, and took him once more before the judge. The friends of the culprit pleaded that the punishment had already been carried out; the other side argued that it bad not been doDe so effectually; but the judge ruled that the sentence of the court bad already been executed. The man therefore was at onoe set at liberty. Two Milesians were standing at the Fair mount Waterworks, in Philadelphia, watch ing tbe big wheels splashing the water in every direotion, when one of them remarked, ' Mike, isn't this a quare oounthry, where they bave to grind their water before they can use it ? ** An Ohio county clerk refused to issue a marriage license because tbe man was only four feet high, while the woman was six feet. He knew something about domestic i life with tbe proportions reversed, and couldn't assist a fellow man to buy a lottery when the odds were so fearfully against him. A lawyer and a parson were talking about whioh way the wind was. Tbe former ssid, ' we go by the court-house vane,' ' And we,' replied the parson, ' go by tbe ohurob vane.' ' Well,' said the lawyer, ' in the matter ot wind, that is the best authority ; ' and the parson went to cogitate. The following conversation is reported to bave occurred between a British tourist and a steam-boat pilot : ' Tbat is Black Moun tain?' 'Yes, sir; the highest mo 'ntain above Lake George.' ' Any story or legend oonnecied with that mountain f ' ' Lots of 'em. Two lovers went up to that mountain onoe and sever came bsok again.' 'In- deed! Why? What beoame of them?' ' Went down on the other side.' To dream of a small atone around your neok is a sign of what you may expect if | you got an -extravagant wife. — To see apples in a dream betokens a wedding, beoause where you bad apples you may expect to find pearsJ — To dream that you are lame betokens that yon will get into a hobble. — When a young lady dreams of a coffiu it betokens that she should' instantly discontinue the usb of tight stays, and always go warmly and thiokly I ehod in wetweatber.— To dream of fire in a sign that— if you are wise — you will see that the lights in your house are out before you go to bed. 