Sitting* MiMnit w gnnffc SELECTIONS FROM THE ALMANAC. GBEAT TBUTHS. iJroad beans are not bo broad as they aregiong; A man who hides a cabbage may not plant it; living on muscles might not make one strong; No thief who takes a parse takes it for granted. Birds that eat apples may not die of pip; A slug's back never is u hard as snails. A snake-bite hurts, so may a brandy nip; A king fish never was a prince of whales. A wheat plant fall of ears may not be old; All South-sea grampnsses are good at blowing; A turnpike man may pass to death nntoll'd; A sailor cry land ho! and not mean hoeing. GENTEEL VEBBIOH OF AN OLD BOKAHCS. Sound a loud poean, let the glorious song Be sixpence and a pouch replete with rye; Two dozen ebon birds, a tuneful throng, Tombed in the hot recesses of a pie. Sing how, when digging 'neath the steamy crust, j&The; birds began to whistle joyous hymns, Not seeming inconvenienced or fussed By heat,-or want of room to stretoh their limbs. Now, was not this agastronomio heat To grace a mighty monarch's festive board, A lovely dishful of melodius meat As ever was in royal stomach stored ? What a Teetotaller cannot do.—Keep the climate temperate. Milk and Water Measures.—Dairyman's cans. Question for the Board of Health.—What is the cubic eontents of a sanitary measure ? Terrestdal Shame.—The shock of an earth quake. Fanatic Teetotalism.—To object'to hollands for children's pinafores. Never hard to beat (except boiled).—As egg. When is a man like a frog!—When he is going to croak. Two Extremes.—Down in the dumps and up in a balloon. A rash promise.—I'll go and catch the measels. Income-bustible.—That derived from bubbles. Income-prehensible.—Seised of a living. A Garden Robber.—The thief of time. A Valuable Herb.—The mint of money. The University Lad.—Mat-riculation. Mottoes for Gardeners.—Spades are trumps. Hoe no man anything. Never rake at night. Only be seedy at sowing time. Act always on deep-loam-atic grounds. Keep as cool as a cucumber. When engaged on garden plots be careful as to your designs. Never arbour evil thoughts against your employer. Free Translations.—Hollow Pod-rid a—empty pea-shells. Esprit de corpse), a veritable ghost. Hoc non pro me—Hook is not my sort of wine. Adieu pauvre ioujours—Gcod-bye poor two shoes. Belle-lettres—B. E. and double L. Bon(n)e bouch—A devilled drumstick. De die et diem —the Argus obituary. A Dashing Fellow,—A soda and brandy drinker. What is a mitten ?—A wrap on the knuckles. The man who originated the strike.—The Blacksmith. The opposite of dear John.—Cheap Jack. Parliamentary Question.—Is the whip the tool of a party. The place of departed spirits.—The throat. The illness that pays.—When laying up for a rainy day. The proper sort of stuff.—That with which a man re-covers his health. A close shaver.—A miserly barber. A Strange Metamorphosis.—Some Arab horses arrived by the mail steamer. Directly they were put on shore by the owner they became landed property. Paddy.—An Irish sailor asserts that salt beef is the chief mate of a ship. Always in the fashion.—Well-dressed dinners. A Solatium.—The man that failed to get a peerage obtained a title to his property. A Question of Beauty.—Can an ugly girl be pretty well 1 A Pure Vegetable.—The clean potato. The Place for Lovers.—The Heart Gallery. When is your eye like a pistol?—When you cock it. New Animals for the Acclimatization Society. —A night mare, quiet in saddle. A towel horse, warranted hairless. Two young water monkeys, from a Good Templar's Lodge. A snapdragon sent by Father Christmas; and a cat-o'-nine- tails, presented by the common hangman. The Coloured Races.—The white man, the negro, the red man, the yaller girl, the blue stocking, the pink of perfection, the greenhorn, the orangeman, the done brown, and the pale of civilization. Advice in War Time.—When alarmed be all armed. Why arc monkeys always cautious ?—Because they are four-armed. A Question.—What is the scale of tolls at the turnpike on the road to ruin ? The sort of fright for a young man.—To give him a start. Nasal EcceDtricites. — Paying and singing through the nose. A nose full-blown. A well re<a)d nose. True.—A disingenuous man cannot look even a clcck in the face. What a fruiterer's wife should be.—When paired, apple-ly married, and then nuts on her husband. A duck of a fellow.—The drake. A Reporter's Salary.—His shorthand notes. Marine Joke.—What will occasion a squall at sea ?— A birth in a ship. Advice to a Husband.—Don't let your wife dye. Familt Diet.—For breakfast, a broil; at lunch, pick a booe with your wife; cold shoulder for dinner. At tea let your bread be crusty as you:self ; and at supper finish up the day with bones of contention. New Creature.—New Chum (with a terrific yell).—" Yow—'ow—wow—Jack! here's a—a— triantelopescorpulopede." (The scorpion, taran tula, and centipede had been described to him. But no one had told him of the iguana.) Wants to Know.—A would-be Councillor enquires, " What is City-rate of Magnesia," never having heard of such a tax ? Caledonian.—A Scot has written to the papers to state that Loch Jaw is not in the Highlands. He is right; it is always in the mouth. The same individual has been looking for the address of Benjamin Lomond in the directory. Wanted.—A rope to lead a peaceable life. A string to fasten to a young lady's bows. The thread to a dull discourse; and the e(h)ord to be struck upon a piano. Police.—There are several interesting facts about police not generally known. Although a constable is but one man, he has a number on his head. Although stupid, he is supposed to be a man of apprehension, Although neither a soldier nor a gentleman, he has to perform knight duty. Although a married man he cften goes to Court. He is supposed never to be ooeky when he has his cap(e)on, and he walks the streets with his hat-on and his bat-on. Folicemen, although often on their beat, are never on strike. Prqvekbs fob the Time.—'Tia a wise man that never writes to the newspapers. The more haste, the more delay in getting rich. A man is not an architect because he belongs to a Build ing Society. Printers' ink is blackest when used for a vile purpose. To err is human, it is men's err-end, J UBtioe is blind, and often makes mis takes. Necessity is the mother of crime as well as of invention. Fools rush in where angels fear to tread, especially in plaoes which should be avoided. The wise are slow of speech, especially in Parliament. Nobody knows where the shoe pinches, except the wearer likes to con fess. A Few Facts for Philosophical Readers. —Pride and poverty breed that unpleasant malady known as starvation. Local industry often_ means carrying on a trade which is an abominable nuisance ; boiling-down places and bone-mills stink in the nostrils and everywhere else. Smiles are nioe until they degenerate into grins. iAughs are like lotteries, rarely fair and square ; a good honest laugh is as rare as a snsw Btorm in a hot wind. Frowns are meful now and then as expressions of disapproval, but scowls as facial fixtures are to be deprecated as putting the human face divine to a bad use. Nuisances are as plentiful as blaokberxies: they comprise larrikins, mothers-in-law, bad smells, grievance mongers, stagnant puddles, chattering M.P.'e, measels, stale eggs, bores, and spoilt children. Wisdom Is a Bcaroe article in the mental market, the demand always exoeeds the supply. Folly is mora common; it is the peculiar attribute of young people and heaven bom politicians. Nothing is a thing that often happens. Something is a thing fre quently looked for and often found on the mind. Doubts are personal property, but are never bequeathed, in wills. ~ But tons may be found on pages, but rarely upon shirts; why, is a family reason. Politics may be food for argument, but won't bring much bread to a starving family ; hence they should be avoided by those who have to work for their daily loaf. Riches take wings and fly away, leaving folks with not & feather to fly with. Ambition is life's day dream, and the waking up is generally unsatisfactory. 