SOUÏU G ll AF TON HACES. . MONDAY. TUB only attraction lor ^yesterday was'the 8outh Grafton Unces, < and tho Stewards provided a liberal programme -of sport, consequently there was a good attendance of visitoia. ;. . i . : Hurd must bu that man's heart who would not in- voke a bright' nnd sunny dny for a holiday. It is, melancholy to think that the hnpcB may be damped; Ilka a Indy's ringlets hy a fog, and the spirits, like the hair, be put nut of curl by II contre-temps nf fnul weather. Tho sun on Sunday was at times linzy, but un Irish friend told us to muka our mind easy about tho weather ns Tat Murphy lias a weather oyo, flo can toll whoa o'er ho pluasos, ' Whether lt will bo wat or dry,. Whether it thaws, or whether lt freezes. Beside* our friend, who is by Undo n butcher, has gnincd tho réputation of n Saxby, on tho strength of his corm, which tell tho probable changes of thc weather equal to any barometer. Dut alas for tho reputation of thu would-be prophet tho morn- ing of yeslet dny opened inauspiciously as to its indi- cations of weather und it turned out wet. There they go-patricians, plebeians, storekeepers in II lnrgo way, storekeepers in u small way, retailors of delicacies for our juvenile population, bankers, civil servants, clerks, farmers, mechanics, .labourers, apprentices, old women nnd young women, nil jumbled together nu tho deck of that, beautiful, imdul nf naval architecture tho punt, which ls a kind nf Noah's ark ns to classes, "Wo ocrtoioly felt, sumo littlo pity for tho crew of our vessel who got the rope's ciirf every journey they make, und who never h'A'enn opportunity nf enjoying a holiday or leaving f e a moment their monotonous occupation, i Ob woarhioss~boyontl what asses fool Tbat troad tito clrsnlt of tiru cistern wheel . A dull rotation, novar nt a stay. Yesterday twin image of to-day. What a superb view ono gets ns ho looks up the river, and lt is a double pity wheo thc clements with- hold their crowning grace and rupture to tho eye and heart. Wc hnvo so frequently dilated on tho ' road to tho coorie ' that wo cannot ¡ repeat ourselves to nausoousness, and ns these ore holiday times wo don't onto to ho bored by writing nn elaborate account of the sports, so let Tho sonsos in oblivion sloop, " wo will a round unvarnished tale 'deliver " liko Mr. Othello, mid " speak by the enrJ," so nt oneo como to the first event on thc pasteboard : FiiisT UACB.-Tho TUIAL STARKS of ¿SIS for all two yoar olds. Colts, Ost. lOlbs, ; lillies, Gat. Tibs. Thrco quartors-of-a-tnilo. Mr. A. Stono'sc. f. Maud, Ost. Sib.[0. Banger] 1 Mr. W. J. llavrthornu's c. c. Spldor, Ost. 101b. 2 Mr. Sumo's Fanny was also entered, but did not sturt, " Tinco to ono against Spider, Mr, Reporter," said a sporting Iricnd, with tho air nf ti Tait. " Dono," we roplied, andas Ibo sequel provul wo were dono brown,, for our horse hud not u ghost of n chance, us tho playful animal on which wo had invested bolted off thu course, Tho long odds had exoited our cupidity and tempted us into n youthful indiscretion, fur as we might have expected we lost tho wager. Wo were always lucky. At six yenrs of ngo wo lind broken thirty-six punes of glass playing nt soldiers, and ill-luck lins pursued us through life. As nschonl boy wo hnvo a vivid recollection nf iinpiovidontly entering into twenty different ruffles, mid upon au occasion actually non a croupy gentleman bantam fowl, who might possibly in a healthy stuto have realised fis,, if tho market was active. However upon Inking him home ho imparted his disenso tn our farm yard, nod wound un his enreer by breaking ii valuable voso, and we lind thu extremo felicity of having our pocket-money stopped, to tho amount of £4, to pay for it. After such ill-luck IIB above narrated, it ¡snot to bo wondered at thut we retired from pastoral pcrsuits. As Spider crawled oif tho course, Maud ennlered home the winner. SECOND RACK-HACK STAKES, £8 for all UONAI'IDB hacks. Winner to be sold for 10 sovereigns, any sur- plus to go to tho Hace Funds..- Weitet weight for ugo. Mile hunts. Mr. W. 5*. Hawthorne's o. g. O.imbotta, riged, list Sib« , .[A. Walt*) 4 1 ! 1 Mr. 1\ M'Guron'a b. g. Oreonboy, tl years, lost litlbs .[Sallndin] 1 3-2 Mr. U. Cayla's b. g. Eclipse: aged, list 21b. 2 9 0 Mr, A. Storm's b. g Kamcsnko, aged list '¿¡bs.Scratched Tho quartette got away well together, Greenboy was the first to miss thc judge's post, Eclipso second, Namesake third, nnd thc Frenchman Inst. This position was retained to the end of the first heat. Iii tho second event Namesake did not put in an ap- pearance. A powerful tonic of stool enablod Gumhctia tn steal a march on ti\efield for ho reversed the order ol' things and at once lcd ; Eclipse second. At thc back of the course Greenboy pus-ed Eclipse, but failed to reach Gambetta, who W-on tho second heat. The odds ut this stngc of tho rnca were in favor of Onmbcttn, but liku a bud handicap mot with few ncoi ptnrs. Greenboy lcd, in tho third event, to the tlrst turn passed the stund, but liko other verdant youths wastell bia strength in mero show, and when called upon failed to capo successfully with wily Gambetta, who, knowing II thing or two, played with his opponent till they reuched tho straight and finally won easily. TUMID HACK.-Tho MAIDEN- PLATH of 20 sovereigns' with a sweep of I sovereign euch to go to tho second horse, for all horses that hnvo never won un adver- tised prize up to .imoof entrance. Distance, one-mlle iind-a-litilf ; one event. Mr. A. Stone's h.g. Plonoor, nged,Ost. -llb -ulb.ovor.,Omicr 1 Mr. I". M'Gtirron's c. g Olenco, 1 yenrs, Sst. 01b-1Mb over weight . 2 Mr. T. li. Jlowlti's, c. m. Perilla, 0 yonrs Dst. llb.--llb. over uulu'ltt . 'J The Gonion llrook horse, Pioneer, ns ho should do, lcd thu way round by about »Ix lengths, Glenco second. At the bnek of tho course second time round, Pioneer still held thc pride ol' pince, tho other two horses dtnwing slightly upon him, especially Mr. T. G. Hewitt's Perilla, but hu was in bad condition and died away. Canting on to the straight, Pioneer still showell them tho hits ot iron adorning thc omi nf his hnofs, nnd was tho first to pass the judge's chair by two lengths. Olenco Bccond. Time, \i minutes ti seconds. FOVHTII KACD.-Tho lluunv SCUIIKY of £5, for «ll untrained horses. Cinch weights, lliilf-inilu hont». Kielers not to dismount between tho hems. The whiner tn be sold for 8 sovereigns, tiny surplus to go to tho Fund«. Mr. H. M'fliiron'n e. m. Uazollo.Coylo 4 11 Mr. .1. Wall's li. lu. Flirt. 1 a 2 Mr. II. Ilnllglus's li. m. Laity Durkin. 0 S tl Mr. J. llnwlhorno'so. g. Uiuig Konvuld Afr. 1>. M'Mcnctny's li. tu. Queensland Mr. ,1. Koran's b. in. Linly Six boises fneed the (lng, and tho stnrtor got them nwny cleverly. Lady Dui kio cut out tho running up to within ti few ynrds of home, sweet home, when Flirt bent her on tho post. Tho second hem resulted in n splendid struggle between O /.elle, Lndy Durillo, mid Flirt, lind they passed tho jutlge in tho r hove nrder. In tho lust lieut Onuelle mid Flirt stnrle ;, the funner securing ibo money for his owner. FIFTH HACK-Flinn IIANIUCAI1, fur nil horses, to bo handicapped hv ibo Stow'iuls or whom they muy ap point. Prize, £15; willi n sweep of 1 sovereign ouch from acceptors lo go lo second horse. Ono milo ; ono ovini. Mr. C. Pago's c. g. Counterfoil aged nu 131b.Ournor 1 Mr. A. .Storm's c. m. Thyra, 3 years "st. Mb,-declared llb Mr. A. sumo's c. m. Maud, S years Cst.(scratched] Some pi opie dodnun against handicaps, bill to them we uro indebted for some of ibu best races. Wo must tnko them Uko thu world, with till their Inuits, but wo might go further, mid fare wotsn, by attempting uriy siihstiiute. If peuple grumble nt tho wulghilng, it Mirries with it, to un extent, Its own culb, ns owners will not nceept. To thu gentlemen conducting the South Clrnfton sport» wo owe a debt of grntitutlo fur rnnhling us to willum a grund struggle betweou old Counterfeit mid n youngster from far famed (surdon Ilrnok,bitt Page's star proved tn bu In ibo ii-cendant. Maud was scratched, nuil thu men resolved itself into a match. At the wm il 1 depart' Counterfoil nppewcd, from where wo stood, to gut tho best of tho stint, tho veteran lending liv over n length past the booths. At tho sharp turn the maro got nlougsldc of tho lender, anil from that spot tn » it hin ll fuw yunis nf thuhlll nour the town, it WK* almost impossible to tell two mmi nod two horses wem struggling fur sil|ir.'iniiuy -they wuio so closn digi titer Hint they appeared ns ono. How- ever they begun tn pnrt company nour home, mid, anilii cheers. l'«gn scored nnnther win. Wc congratulate tho olllncrs for bringing tho first dav's sports to so siiuccHsful ii teruilnailori, fur they lelt not a singlo pm for the cynic tn hang his cup upon Tho police were on tho ground und, ns usual, per- formed their dulles well. Thu races wero good, und tho atteudatico large. It is said 'hat all the Aldermen nf West Sydney vated far fl, ll. Dibbs because ibo (.'oporallon wns sn hun! up Inr dibbs, Judging fruin all present appearances tho League will bo miserably represented In tho now Parliament 