EZTB'AOTÖ. English, Amerton», and Foreign. The young Nopoleori's rooms at Woolwich are modestly furnished. He baj some ornaments and souveoirs of interest. For instanoc, there is a pen-and-ink drawing of the first Napoleon's war-horse, drawn by his son, the " King of Rome," and signed by him. The library contains some books and statues taken from the Tuileries, and there is a tine copy of Shakspeare, the gift of Qucn Yiotoria, and containing the following insoripiion in her handwriting:-"For my oousin tbePrinoe Imperial, with many wishes for his happiness on the part of his very affectionate cousin, Victoria R. March 16,1873 " At the oollege the Imperial cadet has worked most assi- duously. He has of o <ur-e taken his place in tbe olasses like any other student. He has bad his own desk, his drawers, bis collection of ohemicalsintho lecture theatre, and bebas always token bis meals (barring dinner) at the common table. When the day's work is over, that is at eight p.m., be has usually gone oat with his tutor, M. Filon, and has dined in a little house wbioh he has taken on Woolwioh Common The dining room of the house is furnished very moderately with green furniture The bedroom is of mili- tary simpl city, and the white sheets, blue cover- let, and red hangings make up tbe French tri- colour. During the wetk the PrinoB haB not quitted Woolwioh, and has seen no visitors' ex- cept Count Clary, and even the Emperor when he was alive went there only two or three times in order that his son's studies might not be dis- turbed But every Saturday evening the Prince hal gone toCamden-pIace, spending Sunday there and returning to Woolwich on Monday morning, He has had the good sense to discourage all at' I tempts at flattery, either by laughing at them in English fashion, or by shrugging bis shoulders ¿t la Française. Altogether, be seems to be a very amiable youth, of good abilities, and to have thriven in the school of adversity. A dog who already bore about his muzzlo some not inglorious soars, aooompaanied bis master, who carried on his breast the Victoria Cross, to the Ashantee campaign. Being of the bulldog breed, and with a natural turn for fight- ing, he distinguished himself on several occasions, and indeed throughout the oampaign. In ooc Ínstanos he rushed into the enemy's ranks, and singliog out one of his mked foes, so bit and worried bim, that he actually brought in his prisoner in triumph. He was such a favourite with the men, that in a heavy engagement their fire was suspended for a minute to allow of his uninjured retreat from one of his desperate forays. He lives to enjoy his return and bis honours, and at this moment is one of the greatest pets of Belgravia.-Morning Post. She oonldo't see it in that-light. She didn't want to marry him, and he was bound she should. They both lived a cuuple of miles from tbe oity, and near neighbours. She refused to listen to his courting, and be grew desperate. So he went off to the Weat, and while out there per- suaded a friend to write a letter siying be was dead, and asking as his dying request, that she might, if ever she went out that way, stop a mo- ment and toss a weed or percbanoe a flower on his lonely grave. This was tender, bat it didn't take worth a cent; and she wrote back a letter to the friend saying that if he bad any consideration for hef feelings at all to send her the dead lover's watoh and obain, bis money, and all his valuablea To carry out his plans, the dead man sent borne his brass jewellery and other effects, and she im- mediately proceeded to don the trinkets and stirt to singing school with the obosen " fel 1er " of her heart. On their way back home the pair were startled by tbo apparition of the lost lover, olad in ghostly wbite, bnt with the old lineaments intact. The young man fled but ibe girl Blood still, and putting up a paw whieh resembled an elephant's foot, naively in- quired if the ghost wanted to be kicked to death by a mule. To whioh bis ghostabip re- plied :-" Beloved Jerusha, have I come all the »ay home to find you false ?" " You bet/' re- plied the fair one, laughing heartily, for she | had discovered that it was really the person of her dead lover. The fellow had played a nice game, and bad followed his goods and ohattels back to the land of his nativity very quickly. The damsel was so disgusted with the other for running at sight of the ghost that eho imme. diately began preparation to marry the ghost. THE STORY OF A HAT -We learn from news- paper slips and private letters, of a rather ridicu- lous occurrence io Korwalk, O. The hero is a prominent and respected Beacon-Deacon G, we understand. The other Sunday he started for church with an old hat on his head. It was an easy hat, and the old gentleman enjoyed it. It appears there are pegs to hang bats On in the churches there. He thus disposed his headgear on reaching the ohurcb, and took his seat with the congregation. When the servioes wore over hojingered, as is oustomary and proper for dea ooDS to do. He finally reached the porcb, and stopped for his hat, and any respectable citizen can imagine the horror he experienced on behold- ing but one hat left, and that a most dilapidated and scandalous-looking article. He could feel his blood boil within him as he looked at it and thought of the mutton-head who owned it and walked off with his glossy beaver instead. Ho said out aloud tbat the owner of that bat was a mutton-head, and ground bis deaconish heel in- to the floor, and felt much relieved by so doing. Then he tied a handkerchief about bis head be oause the old bat was ruuoh too large for him aod be oould not wear it, even if flesh and spirit had not revolted against the speotacle. He told the sexton that that bat must have been built in a dry-dock, and that the only thing that troubled him in the matter was how a man with a head of that size got into cburob anyway. Then he stalksd majestically homeward, with the red handkerchief wound about his bead, and the de- testable hat held at arm's length ahead of him, add altogether forming a speotacle that fastened the astonished attention of every beholder. Ar- riving at home he oxtended the artiole towards his wife, and waiting an instant for her to take in the awful enormity of the offenoe, he explo- sively shouted, " Look at tbat villainous rag 1" Tiic lady looked at it, and was astonished. "I dem't wonder you are siok," he howled, morosely ; " it makes me sick to think of the bullhead who o<ana Biio'tl a smoke-stack, palming it off to me, and taking my new beaver for himself in mistake ! (Se ground this out with withering sarcasm). A pretty mistake, I must say, when his miserable tag is big enough to oover a cart, and filthy eoougb to make a crow sick." " But that's your overyday hat," asserted his wife, in still greater astonishment. " My bat !" gasped the amazed deacon, staring at her with eyes half way out of their sockets, and then laughing hysterically, and shivering from head to foot, " Certainly i is," persisted his wife, "and here is your best bat," taking this article from its accustomed place, and holding it out to bim Without a word the miserable man sank into a ebair, and after staring blankly at his wife for a moment, slowly said: " The ways of Providence are oast Boding out; rub my head, Matildy !"-Ban bury Aeics. Miss 1). Heesan, the sister of tbo well known American boxor, died some days ago in Berlin, literally of suffocation. She was, says a corres- pondent, undoubtedly one of the most corpulent womoo in the world, and bad been for some time exhibiting her not uncomely features and her all too solid mass of flesh to an admiring Berlin public, together with a selection from the silver cupB and other presents received by her from en- thusiastic citizens and crowned heads during the oourse of her travels,-when almost without any previous warning tbo poor lady's career was out «hort. 