STRAY NOTES ON GOATS. Goats aro a fine and useful spocies of animal if they are kopt in their proper places; So are auditors. Some folk say the lattor don't always keep their right places. If you have not heard that before just ask Alderman Grayson- or Milne. I am sure goats often Btray from tho right track and commit moral wrong. Ib there suoh a thine in law as doleaated resDonBibilitv ? If so, who is roaponsiblo for the good and honest conduct of goats ? You say their owners? But,. except at milking-tirae, thoy don't seem to have any owners. Noboiy owns them at feed ing-time, so they go foraging into the gardens of people .who:buy oil the* milk they U3e. My choice flowers, Tny valuableshrubs,my vegetables, and even tho bark of my fruit trees have been savugoly consumed by these voracious waifa. There is scarcply^ a1 groaler nuisance at this moment in this city. I shall havo to hire a nigger to shut my garden gate alter callers j oVen the ' postman will leave it sometimes temptingly open. There seems, to-be always a goat watching round a corner Or; bahind a door or a bush. . A ghost of a ohanoe — and an instantor rush is made for the flowers and cabbages. Some ruthieBS innocent suggests Bhooting them. He forgets or knows not that they are a favoured race. Highly favoured! If they ravage your garden you have, if you can oatch them, to ask .them if they havo. im owner. If they answer in tho affirmative you must summou. the ownor,,.but it's 'likely lonough ; thoy won't tell whose, they, are.; Jf you want to. know you had. better tie a string to a hind leg and be led by thorn, by a~ circuitous route, to their stalls. That might be infra dig. for an M.L.A.Jor an alderman. 'But bo sure you don't shoot them. You might be summoned for uaingfire-arinB, also for damages on the goal's account. It's cheaper to lojeyour garden stuff. Have your growl, but bo content with the first' los«. You live in a free . country— a wellTmanagcd city. Your property and persons are well protected by tb.o palice. Your neighbours are too honest lo rob your hen-rooBt or your gardens. Surely it is not a hardship that thoy should keep goatB'nt your expense.' These animals, so active and sleek and useful, fill their place in nature arid supply the needs of some important though diminutive members of the community. 'Are they not also employed as beasts of draught? la it not a special act of grace towards them that yeara after the other colonies have pro hibited their use for coaching purposes',' tlie indulgent legislature :ofL Queensland ' should allow them to be' thus usefully employed? Shying horses and timid ladies are not worthy of tho slightest consideration as compared willi goats. What a cruelty it would bo were the Inspector of . Nuisances to impound or shoot 'all, tho erring and 'straying dams and kids! Pretty graceful creatures! For them, they evidently think, the sweeteBt flowers bloom, the most tolerant laws are passed. To protect them the biggest, strongest men of the colony are specially drilled and sworn. The ignoble horse foraging by the roadside for scant monlhfuls is hauled into pound, but goats, as I said before, aro a highly favoured race. But something should be done to enforce those who profes3 to koep thorn to really do so. Of all the nuisances in this city of pests and Btinks the goat nuisance gives, rise to most wickednesB — the sin is, so complicated and manifold, nearly including that difficult paradox ' making parsons swear.' In all seriousness, I make tho daring suggestion that our stalwart constables should vary their dignified perambulations 'by collaring all tho stray goats, and see if then anybody will own the impounded orphans. ? ? . ? LYNX. 