MELBOURNE. 16th April. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) At the Criminal Court to-day, George Maurice Drummond, who had pleaded guilty to robbing the Provincial and Suburban Bank at Richmond, was brought up for sentence. The prisoner made a state- went to the court to the effect that he was paid only £2 10s per week as manager, and that it was inadequate to his support, and that he had repre sented this to the directors, who had promised to increase his pay, but had never done so. He took the bauk’s money to invest in mining, and was at first fortunate, but afterwards he became hopelessly in volved; and when he learnt that the business of the bank was to be absorbed by another institution, and that new officers would be appointed, he was tenanted to abscond. He had given up all the money he went away with, and hoped that the- court would therefore deal mercifully with him. He admitted that the bank directors had upon his application before he absconded, allowed him an overdraft of £lOO. His Honor pointed out the conduct of the prisoner in inducing his fellow clerk to counter-sign a cheque, by which ho might have been seriously compromised. He added that the offence of which prisoner was guilty was becoming of too frequent occurrence, and must be met by severe punishment. He sentenced the prisoner to live years’ imprisonment with hard labor. Drum mond seemed to be taken aback at the sentence, and to be inclined to resent it by some observation. He tore up the statement he had read, and stamped upon it, when a turnkey led him from the dock. At the inquest to-day on the man Hopkins, for merly one of the choir of St. Peter’s Church, the Rev. H. Haudfield attended and gave evidence. He thought the deceased, who held High Church views, and was fond of theological controversy, had long been bor dering on insanity. The rev. gentlemau said that after Hopkins left his church, he became very melan choly. The jury returned a verdict that deceased cut his throat whilst of unsound mind, brought uu by religious mania. Many persons will regret to learn that Mr John Goodman, an old colonist, and for some years an official assignee of the Insolvent Court, died to-dav suddenly. The deco;ised gentlemau was sincerely respected by a large circle of friends, and his death was as unexpected as it is lamented. A good story of misdirected smartness on the part of a bank official comes from Sydney. A gentleman from Victoria, who is largely interested in pastoral properties, lately visited the ancient city, and want ing a large sum of money he called upon his agents, there and obtained a cheque on a local bank, payable to himself only. He presented the cheque at the bank in due form, but there was some delay in cash ing it. The manager came out, and addressing our Victorian friend said—“ Are you Mr P.?” “lam,” was the response. There was another delay, and presently a constable appeared on the scone, and Mr P found himself getting rapidly into hot water. How the Victorian fared for the next hour or so I am not prepared to state, but it seems that it at last struck the manager to communicate with*the drawers of the cheque, when, to the banker’s amazement, hu discovered that he had made a mistake, which may probably cost him a substantial sum in damages. At the Sessions to-day a man named Charles Dowdlo was sentenced to eighteen months’ imprisonment for burglary, the sentence to bo cumulative on two other sentences of six and three months respectively for similar offences. The body of the woman who drowned herself in the Yarra, on Monday evening, was recovered to-day, but has not yet been identified. The management of the Theatre Royal have again succeeded in showing their weakness, nay inability, to produce a heavy play in anything like a creditable manner. As I have already said, the weeding process, as applied to capable actors and actresses, is still going on. Last night, by request, Mr G. 11. Ireland played the part of Hamlet, and played it exceedingly well. He was, so to speak, not great, but good, ami suc ceeded iu satisfying a crowded house. But he was so muehjbetter than his surroundiugs, that they sank into insignificance beside him, beside even him. Mr Dampier played the dual parts of the King and the Ghost fairly. Mr Stuart O’Brien would have becu good as Polouius, had he been perfect in the words, which he wasn’t. But for the rest—well, as Hamlet says, “The rest is silence,”’aud better it should bo. Is Melbourne ever to have a really good dramatic com pany again ? Or arc we to go on importing English nobodies, who come here but to display their com parative incapacity, and still further to drive hence the sterling actors and actresses who are yet left ? There are a few yet left, very few, but alas ! they cannot get a show. 1 could if I chose name a few who are, so to speak, wanderers and fugitives iu the colonies. This may be harsh, severe, perhaps, but it is true. \Vho is to blame I —uob the public, uot the actors themselves. Let the management wear, the cap if it fib them. 