THE NOVELIST UNGLE SILAS. Br J. B. LB PANU. CHAPTER XXXVIII.-NEWS AT BARTRAM GATE. Milly and I, thanks to ouv early Bartram hours, were first down next morning, and so soon as Cousin Monica appeared we attacked her. "So Lady Mary is tho jianoc of Mr. Carysbroke," Baid I, very cleverly ; " and I think it was very wicked ol! you to try and involve mo in a flirtation with him yesterday." "And who told you that, pray?" asked Lady Xnollys, with a pleasant little laugh. " Milly and I discovered it, simple as we stand hera," I answered. "But you did no flirt with Mr. Carysbroke, Maud, did you," she asked. " No, certainly not ; but that was not your doing, Avickod woman, but my discretion. And now that we know your secret, you must tell us all about her, and all nbout him ; and in the first place, what is lier name-Lady Mary what ?" I ue mandod. "Who would havo thought you so cunning? Two country misses-two little nuns from tho cloisters of Bartram ! Well, I suppose I must answer. It is vain trying to hide anything from you ; but how on earth did you lind it out ?" " We'll tell you that presently, but you shall first toll us who she is," 1 persisted. " Well, that I will, of course, without com pulsion. She is Lady Mary Carysbroke," said Lady Knollys. A relation of Mr. Cnrysbmko's," 1 asserted. " Yes, a relation ; but who told you he was Mr. Carysbroko ?" asked Cousin Monica. "Milly told me, wheu we saw him in tho Wind mill Wood." " And who told you, Milly ?" " It was L'Amour," answered Milly, with her blue eyes very wido open. "What does tho child menu ? L'Amour! You don't mean love?" exclairaod Lady Knollys, puzzled in her turn. "I mean old Wyatt; she told me, and the Governor." " You're not to say that ?" I interposed. "You mean your father ?" suggested Lady Knollys. " Well, yes ; 'father told her, and so I knew him." " What could he mean?" oxclaimed Lady Knollys, laughing, as it were, in soliloquy ; " and I did not mention his name. I recollect now. He recog nise you, and you him, when you came into the room yesterday ; and now you must toll mo how you discovered that ho and Lady Mary were to be marriod ?" So Milly restatod her evidence, and Lady Knollys laughed unaccountably heartily ; and she said " They will he so confounded ! but thoy deserve it ; and, remember, I did not say so." " Oh ! we acquit you," " AU I say is, stich a deceitful, clangorous pair of girls-all things considered-1 never heard of be fore," exclaimed Lady Knollys. " There's no such thing as conspiring in your presence." " Good morning. I hopo you slept weil." She was addressing the lady and 'gentleman who were just entering tho room from tho conservatory. " You'll hardly sleep so well to-niglit, when you have learned what eye« aro upon you. Here ave two very pretty detectives who have found Out your secret, and entirely by your imprudence and their own cleverness have discovered that you nre a pair of betrothod lovors, about to ratify your vows at the hymeneal altar. I assure you I did not toll of you ; you betrayed yourselves. If you will talk in that confidential way on sofas, and call one another stealthily by your Christian names and actually kiss at the foot of tho stairs, while a clover detective is scaling thom, apparently with her back toward you, you must only take the con sequences, and be known prematurely as the hero and heroine of tho forthcoming paragraph in tho Morning Post" Milly and I were horribly confounded, but Cousin Monica was resolved to place us all upon tho least formal terms possible, and I believe she had sot about it in tho right way. " Aud now, girls, 1 am goiug to make a counter discovery, which, I fear, a little conflicts with yours. This Mr. Carysbroko is Lord Ilbury, brother of this Lady Mary; and it is all my fault for not having done my honours botter ; but you see what clover match-making littlo creatures they are." " You can't think how flattered I am at being made the subject of a theory, even a mistaken ono, by Miss Ituthyn." And so, after our modest fit was over, Milly and I were very merry, like the rest, and wo all grow a great deal more intimate that norning. I think altogethov those were the pleasantest and happiost days ot' my lifo; gay, intelligent, and kindly society at homo; charming oxcursions sometimes riding-soinotimea by carringe-to dis tant pointa of beauty in the county. Evenings varied with music, roiidiug, and spirited conversa tion. Now and then a visitor for a day or two, and constantly some neighbour from the town, or its dependencies, dropt in. Of theso I but remem ber tall old Miss Wiutletop, most entertaining of rustic old maids, with her nice lace and thick satin, and her small, kindly round face-pretty, I dare say, in other days, and now frosty, but kindly -who told us such delightful old stories of tlie county in her father's and grandfather's time ; who knew tho liuoago of every family in it, and could recount all its duels and elopements ; give us illustrative snatches from old aloctioti squibs, and lines from epitaphs, un i tell exactly whoro all tho ; old-world highway robberies had been committed; how it fared with tho chief delinquents after tho Í assizes; mu], above all, where, and of what sort, goblins and elves of tho county hm! made them selves seen, from the phantom post-boy, who every third night croasud Windula moor, ' by the old coach-ro'ad, to tho fat old ghost, ' in mul berry volvet, who showed his great face, crutch, and milles, by moonlight, at tho bow window of the old court-bruise that was taken down in 1S03. You cannot imagine what agreeable evenings we passud in this society, or how rapidly my good Cousin Milly improved in il. I remember well the intense suspense in which she and I await the answer from Bartram Haugh to kind Cous Monica's application for an extension of our lea of absence. It came, and with it a note from Uncle Sib which was curious, and, therefore, is print here "MY DEAR. LADY KNOLLYS-TO your kit letter I say yes (that is, for another week, not fortnight), with all my heart. I am glad to he that my starlings chatter so pleasantly ; at t events the refrain is not that of Sterne's. Th« can get out; and do get out; and shall get out ; much as they please. I am no gaoler, and shut i nobody but myself. I have always thought th: young people have too little liberty. My pri: ciple has boen to make little free men ai women of them from the first, in moral altogether-in intellect, more than we allow self education is that which abides ; and it on! begins where constraint ends. Such is my theor My practice is consistent. Let them remain for I week longer, as you say. The horses shall be ¡ Elverston on Tuesday the 7th. I shall be more thc usually sad and solitary till their return; so pra; I selfishly entreat, do not extend their absenc You will smile, remembering how little my heall will allow me to see of them, even when at.honic but as Chaulieu so prettily says-I stupidly forgi tho words, but the sentimetis this-'although coi coaled by a sylvan wall of leaves, impenetrable (he is pursuing hip favourite nymphs through th alleys and intricacies of a rustic labyrithj-ye your songs, your prattle, and your laughter, fait and far away, inspire my fancy ; and, through m ears, I see your unseen smiles, your blushes, yoi floating tresses, and your ivory feet; and s< though sad, am happy; though alone, in company -and such is my case. " One only request, and I have clone. Pray rf mind them of a promise made to me. The Book c Lifo-tho fountain of life-it must be drunk o night and morning, or their spiritual life expires. " And now, Heaven bless and keep you, my clea cousin ; and with all assurances of affection to m beloved niece and my child, believe me ever yoiu affectionately, "SILAS RUTHYN." Said Cousin Monica, with a waggish smile " And so, girls, you have Chaulieu and the evan gelists; the French rhymester in his alley, am Silas in the valley of the shadow of death ; perfec liberty, and a peremptory order to return in ¡ week ;-all illustrating one another. Poor Silas old as he is, I don't think his religion fits him." I really rather liked his letter. I was atrugglinj hard to think well of him, and Cousin Mouici knew it ; and I really think if I had not been by she would often have been less severe on him. As we were all sitting pleasantly about tin breakfast table a day or two after, tho s\m shininf on the pleasant wintry landscape, Cousin Monia ¡ suddenly exclaimed " I quite forgot to tell you that Charles Oakley has written to say he is coming on "Wednesday, really don't want him. Poor Charlie ! I wonde how they manage those doctors' certificates, know nothing nils him, and he'd be much bette with his regiment." Wednesday !-how odd. Exactly the clay af te my departure. I tried to look perfectly uncon cerned. Lady Knollys had addressed herself mon to Lady Mary and Milly than to me, and nobodj in particular was looking at me. Notwithstand ing, with my usual perversity, I felt myself blush ing with a brilliancy that may have been very becoming but which was so intolerably provoking that I would have risen and left the room but that matters would have been so infinitely worse. I could have boxed my odious ears. I could almost have jumped from the window. I felt that Lord Ilbury saw it. I saw Lady Mary's eyes for a moment resting gravely on my tell-tale-my lying cheeks-for I really had begun to think much less celestially of Captain Oalcley. I was angry with Cousin Monica, who, knowing my blushing infirmity, had mentioned her nephew so suddenly while I was strapped by etiquette in my chair, with my face to the window andjtwo pair of most disconcerting eyes, at least, opposite. I was angry with myself- generally angry-refused more tea rather dryly, and was laconic to Lord Iibury, all which, of course, was very cross and foolish ; and afterwards, from my bed-room window, I saw Cousin Monica and Lady Mary among tho flowers, under the drawing-room window, talking, as I instinctively knew, of that little incident. I was standing at the glass. "My odious, stupid, per,jured face," I whispered furiously, at the same time stamping on the floor, and giving myself quite a smart slap on the cheek. " I can't go down-I'm ready to cry-I've a mind to return tn Bartram to-day ; I am always blush ing ; and J wish that impudent Captain Oakely was at tho bottom of the sea." I was perhaps, thinking more of Lord Ilbury than I was aware; and I am sure if Captain Oakley had arrived that day I should have treated him with most unjustifiable rudeness. Notwithstanding this unfortunate blush, the remaindor of our visit passed very happily for me. No one who has not experienced it can have an idea how intimate a small party, such as ours, will grow in a short time in a country house. Of course, a young lady of a well-regulated mind ennuot possibly care a pin about any one of the opposite sex until she is well assured that he is beginning, at least, to like her better than all the world beside ; but I could not deny to myself that I was rather anxious to know niore about Lord Ilbury than I actually did know. There was a " Peerage," in its bright scarlet and gold uniform, corpulent and tempting, upon the little uifii'ble table in tho drawing-room. I had many opportunités of consulting it, but I never could find courage to clo so. For an inexperienced person it would have been a matter of several minutes, and during thoso minutos what awful risk of surprise and detection. One day, all being quiet, I did venture, and actually, with a boating heart, got so far as to find out the letters " II." when I heard a step out side the door, which opened a little bit, and I heard Lady Knollys, luckily arrested at the en trance, talk some sentences outside, her hand still upon the door-handlo. I shut tho book, as Mrs. Bluebeard tuight the door of the chamber of horrors at sound of her husband's stop, and skipped to a remote part of the room, where Cousin Knoll found me, in a mysterious state of agitation. On any other subject I would have question Cousin Monica unhesitatingly ; upon this, pom how, I was dumb. I distrusted myself, and dreadi my odious habit of blushing, and knew that should look so horribly guilty, and become so af. tated and odd, that she would have reasonably co eluded that I had quite lost my heart to him. After the lesson I had received, and my narro escape of detection in the very act, you may ' sure I never trusted myself in the vicinity of th fat and cruel " Peerage," which possessed tl secret, but would not disclose without compromi ing me. In this state of tantalizing darkness and co: jecture I should have departed had not Cous: Monica quite spontaneously relieved me. The night before our departure she sat with -\ in our room, chatting a little farewell gossip. "And what do you think of Ilbury?" si asked. "I think him clever and accomplished, ar amusing ; but he sometimes appears to me vol melancholy-that is, for a few minutes together andthen, Ï fancy, with an effort, re-engages in 01 conversation." "Yes, poor Ilbury! He lost his brother on] about live months since, and is only beginning I recover his spirits a little. They were very muc attached, and people thought that he would ha-* succeeded to the title, had lie lived, because Ilbui is dijficlc-ov a philosopher-or a Saint Kevin ; ar in fact, has begun to be treated as a premature ol bachelor." " What a charming person Ins sister, Lady Mai is. She has made me promise to write to her," said, I suppose-such hyprocrites are we-to pro\ to Cousin Knollys that I did not care particular] to hear anything more about him. " Yes, and so devoted to him. He came dow here, and took The Grange, for change of seen and solitude-of all things the worst for a man i grief-a morbid whim, as he is beginning to fin out ; for he is very glad to stay here, and confesse that he is much better since he came. His lettei are still addressed to him as Mr. Carysbroke ; fe he fancied if his rank were known that the count people would have bean calling upon him, and s he would have found himself soon involved in tiresome round of dinners, and must have gon somewhere else. You saw him, Milly, at Bartran before Maud came ?" Yes, she had, when he called there to see he father. "He thought, as.he had accepted the trustee ship, that he could hardlv, residing so near, omi to visit Silas. He was very much struck and intel ested by him, and he has a better opinion of hin -you are not angry, Milly-than some ill-naturei people I could name ; and he says that the cutting down of the trees will turn ¿ut to have been ¡ mere slip. But these slip« don't occur with cleve men in other things; and some persons have i way of always making them in their own favoui And, to talk of other things, I suspect that yoi and Milly will probably see Ilbury at Bartram for I think he likes you very much." You ; did she mean both, or only me ? So our pleasant visit was over. Milly's goo< little curate had been much thrown in her way bj our deep and dangerous Cousin Monica. He wai most laudably steady ; and his flirtation advancer! upon the field of theology, where, happily, Milly's little reading had been concentrated. A mild and earnest interest in'poor, pretty Milly's orthodoxj was the leading feature of his case; and I was highly amused at her references to me, when we had retired at night, upon the joints which sin had disputed with him, and her anxious reports of their low-toned conferences car ried on upon a sequestered ottoman, where ht patted and stroked his crossed leg, as he smilec tenderly and shook his head at her questionable doctrine. Milly's reverence for her instructor ant] his admiration, grow daily; and he was known among us as Milly's confessor. Ho took luncheon with us on the day of om departure, and with an adroit privacy, which in a layman would have been sly, presented her, in right of his holy calling, with a little book, the binding of which was mediajval and costly, and whose letter-press dealt in a way which he com mended, with some points on which she was not satisfactory; and she found on the fly-leaf this little inscription :-" Presented to Milly Millicent Ruthyn by an earnest well- wisher, 1st December, 1844/' A text, very neatly penned, followed this ; and the "presentation" was made unctuously, indeed, but with a blush, as well as the accustomed smile, and with eyes that were lowered. The early crimson sun of December had gone down behind the hills before we took our seats in the carriage. Lord Ilbury leaned with his elbow on the carriage window, looking in and he said to mo " I really don't know what we shall do, Miss Ruthyn ; we shall all feel so lonely. For myself, I think I shall run away to Grange." This appeared to me aa nearly perfect eloquence as human lips could utter. His hand still rested on the window, and the Rev. Sprigge Biddlepen was standing with a sad dened smirk on the door steps, when the whip smacked, the horses scrambled into motion, and away we rolled down the avenue, leaving behind us the pleasantest house and hostess in the world, and trotting fleetly into darkness towards Bartram Haugh. We were both rather silent. Milly had her book in her lap, and I saw her every now and then try to read her " earnest well-wisher's" little inscrip tion, but there was not light to read by. When we reached the great gate of Bartram Haugh it was dark. Old Crowl, who kept the gate, I heard enjoining the postilion to make no avoidable noise at the hall-door, for the odd but startling reason that he believed my uncle " would be dead by this time." Very much shocked and frightened we stopped the carriage, and questioned the tremulous old porter. Uncle Silas, it seemed, had been " silly-ish" all yesterday, and "could not be woke this morning," and "the doctor had been here twice, beiug now in the house." " ls he better ?" I asked tremblingly. "Notas I'm aweer on, Miss; he 'lay at God's mercy two hours agone ; 'appen he's in heaven be this time," i "Drive on-drive fast," I said to the driver. "Don't be frightened, Milly; please heaven we shall find all going well." After some delay, during which my heart sank,, and I quito gave up Uncle Silas, the aged little' servánt-man oponed the door, and trotted shakily down the steps to tho carriage side. Uncle Silas had been at death's door for hours j the question of life had trembled in the scale ; but now tho Doctor said " he might do." " Where was the Doctor p" " In master's room ; he blooded him three hourn, agone." I don't think'that Milly was so much frightened as I. My heart beat, and I was trembling so that. I could hardly get up stairs. 