THE LAND QUESTION. OnMonday evening, June 1, a meeting was held at the National Hotel, Pirie- strpet, in con nection with the Fortechritts-verein, to con sider the necessity of liberalising our present landlawa as the only basis for the progress of South Australia. There was a large attendance, ' and the proceedings conducted entirely in German. 1 Mr. T. Scherfc. the President, who presided, said it . would be known that at a previous meeting au opportunity was afforded for the considera tion of the land laws—their liberalization and improvement. So much interest was manifested that it was decided to hold a meeting of Ger mans to consider the question. He then read the advertisement convening the meeting. With the greatest readiness those who were atoed to eome had attended, thus show ing the great interest felt on the sub ject. He had received an excuse from Mr. G. Stevenson, M.P., who was prevented by illness from attending. He was likewise in receipt of a telegram from Dr. E. Jang, one of the Inspectors of Schools, who apologized for his absence, ajxd expressed his hearty sympathy with the movement. He trusted that the order characteristic of German' assemblies would prevail that evening. Mr. F. Kbichauff, M.P., said it was of the greatest importance that they shonld take the matter in hand, and that they thought so was evidenced .by their presence., Some people con sidered the question almost' settled, but such was not the case by any means. Many there present would perhaps -imagine that the land question did not affect residents.in town to any extent, but was of far more consequence to - the agriculturists. They knew for a long time their ' population had scarcely been increasing, although we had bad the benefit' of immigration. He would say that if an ill person knew his ills he would try to' cute them. , The child, they would find, fancied and dreamed, while the youth en deavoured to carry out any object he had in view—setting himself a task and trying to carry it 'out. He was not certain of its accomplishment; bat with the thinking 'man the case was different. He buckled himself earnestly to any work, and would not give in.. Thus he was of opinion that if they determined to amend the land laws they would be able to manage it. They were \- indeed a small meeting, but as. Germans .they were - willing to do their, best for the colony that lay in their power. .Therefore he would say that the present land laws needed their particular attention! Many of them were old colonists, and they would remember the circumstances of former .years, Why did many Germans and Englishmen who in the early days went over to Victoria return again to South Australia to seek their bread? Simply be cause South Australia had then the best and most liberal land laws. . Not only did many return from the land of the other colony, but they came even from the diggings to get land where it was so easy to obtain, rather than stay in" places where .it- was less easily got. Now, however, instead of having many immigrants they found that a very great number of^ their young men went over the Border to Victoria and New South Wales in order to take up land. He believed that was the best possible proof that the land laws were not what they should be. Hear, hear.) At that time, after the -diggings, the revenue was very flourishing, public works were erected at great cost; but somewhat later things .became worse; and. .in order to make np: the revenue the rich people had to pay, and the - policy was to " kill the squatters." If he wanted to preserve his run he was forced to buy it, mid as a natural con sequence of this procedure a large quantity of land was taken from the squatters, brought into the market, and sold—the revenue thus be coming again large. It was Unnecessary to levy more- taxes, so the people were content with the arrangement. Now, however,'. came a time in which it was necessary to have new taxes. A .road tax had- to be introduced, but this would have pressed so heavily on the termers who could hardly pay their , way that it was abandoned, and it was resolved to de pend upon the land for the deficiency. T&e; Parliament of 1870 met under special promises to consider the land laws. A liberal Bill, was brought in, but the members elected did not go in for it as they should jiave done. In Jane, 1870, resolutions' were brought forward'bythe then Commissioner of Grown. Lands, now Chief Secretary, to make the laws as l>beral as the Victorian, but so many new features were introduced by the Legislative Council, especially that 100,000 acres should be annually reserved for cash sale, that the Lower House rejected it. In the following year another trial was made and another Bill brought forward; but it was not carried, and at test anew Parliament met in 1872, but the new land laws then passed were not liberal; In Victoria they allowed selectors to pay 2s. a year for their land and the whole of the pur chase-money in ten years. The new Act, there fore, was- spoken against by . the termers. The .flpset price was to be £2 per acre, and interest was to be paid—for the first three years at 10 per cent., after three years again 10 per cent., and after six years they must either pay the purchase-money or one-half of it, when! the other half might remain until the 6nd of the tenth year with i per cent, annual in terest. This would not be quite so intolerable if the land were brought into the market; but unfortunately the present Ministry was too Conservative. The consequence was that many farmers bad been obliged to pay a far higher price for their tend than they should have paid. TLe limited auction was brought is, and with land surveyed in insufficient quantities the price of land was raised, and sometimes as: much teem £3 to £6, had. to be paid. ' That' was certainly too.. much. In good years perhaps the money could be paid; , but in dry seasons the termer ooidd not afford : that price. - They did not wantto make the 4 farmers mare working animals or birds of passage, : but to give them an interest in1 their tend. He had learned from conversation that many; after repeatedly picking out suitable tend, and trying to obtain it at tee Land Office, were always unsuccessful. They then said," Wewon't-renaain here; we wfll go to Victoria,.where the tend is ; just as good, and where we Lave not to contend with the difficulties that wemeet here." Thus a largenumber of their cultivators bad gone over the Border, and this emigration must, become even greater unless they: made soma altera tions. Many prepared to look for themselves between sowing time and harvest, and no doubt if they once went there they would stop. They mnst therefore try. to ins- * prove the land laws. The question was would the immigrants introduced stay here. He was | of opinion they. would not.. Those who came free; without capital, could not buy the laud. He was convinced that they would agree with him in sayingthat if the-population were to grow they must have cheap land. (Hear, hear.) They had already had times when their farmers were in very bad circumstances owing -to the high price of the tend or of toe rent. Under .Governor Gawler they had a bad time—so much so that many had - not a shilling in their pockets, and once . that time many . farmers wondered where their next shilling was to come from. The want of money was very great, so great, it was said, that people came running together saying, "Lo, here's a man that's got a shilling." - They came, saw the shil ling, and were very much comforted. (Laughter.) He hoped they would not now take the last chilling out of the pockets of toe farmers who had bnt little capit&L; It was not so much the - high price of tend which made it more productive. They must also remember that tho lower .toe price the more the land was worth to the termer, as he would have more capital to ™*kn improvements. With capital the termer could get on. He would not think he must only cultivate wheat with no other change, "but would introduce ether cereals. Many of them would say it would be hard to make toe price of .land so low as to attract immigration, as in America, where land could be had for only $i 26c. There toey could take 160 acres of land under the " homestead tew," and pay merely $22. People, how ever, who had read toe pamphlet issued by the Immigration Committee would notice that we had one advantage over our rivals. In America the roads, &c.;, im provements did not proceed from the State cotters, but the settlers themselves had to attend to such matters, and therefore we might com pare with them, for he believed, that if the State there all toe improvements the State made here, toe lend there would be very much dearer. He thought, too, that Bheepfarmirig might be ] . resortfed.to in connection with, wheat-growing. I They need not be so anxious about the quantity of land, for they had plenty to spare—even without theNorthern Territory, outside Goyder's line of rdinfall only 30,000 acres were sol<L and; at least 230 millions remained. The Scrub hands Act was the most liberal we hod had. The Parliament in introducing it had an idea of laying the land open for the poor farmers—poor Wapstraw. To the squatterit was almost useless. There were plenty trees and bushes, but no grass; for wbeat-growing, however, he believed the ' land had been proved very good. Unfortunately the law had been declared inoperative. The lawyers of the Crown thought that, the lands ' under the Scrub Lands Act, when the new Act came in force, must also be sold under that Act. Now they had perhaps to pay £2 per acre where previously they only gave 10s. per square mile, and instead of 21 years only 10 years. He was sure that if the scrub lands were offered at a ' low price many Germans would take them up as they had done successfully heretofore. The land law, he contended, must be more liberal (Bear, near.) He concluded with a few lines, which he thought applicable, and resumed his seat amid cheers. The Chaibmak, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Krichauff, remarked that he was not only their Parliamentary representative in fact, but also in deed. He had the weal of the colony and of themselves deeply at heart. He woulc) do his best for them, and they could place reliance on his statements and actions. Carried with acclamation. Dr. Mtjecke in moving the first resolution— " That to put an effectual stop to a further exodus of our settlers we must either have free selection before survey, or insist on the survey of much larger areas of land at one and the sanie place to facilitate the search for land"—said that the amendment of an important Act like the Land Act was an absolute necessity on the growing wants of the community in that direction being shown, and one of the principal reasons which were to be urged in favour of the reform of our land law at the present time was that South Australia for a large number of years would have to depend on farming, and the farming interest must have better facilities allowed them for getting upon the lands than now existed. Important as the search for minerals and the growing of wool were, neither would tend so much to the advancement of the colony as agriculture, because those who prose cuted other industries, and even those engaged in commerce, depended very materially upon it. This was proved by the f&ct; that from the Trea surer down to the hawker all felt the effects of a failure in the harvest, and all were made to rejoice when the ingathering was plentiful, because all benefited from it. With the former commerce and business languished, and with the latter there were prosperity, comfort, and con tentment on all hands. It should therefore, he considered, be the policy of our Government to use its utmost endeavours to promote the latter state of things. (Applause.) This would be done if a Land Pill were introduced to allow the farmer to acquire land under .favourable terms and add to his holding as he might wish, and this, he considered, would enable South Australia soon to enter into competition with other countries in matters agricultural. The. case of the fanner was still stronger from the fact that here he had to struggle against diffi ! eultiss and dangers which he had not in his way i in other countries, owing to the peculiarity of I Our'climate; and it was also necessary that he should be able to rest's portion of his land each ; season, and required -therefore to have more in : his holding. These were considerations which would require to be dealt with by an amending ! Act. And what had been the result of our g"resent system? It appeared to be great, at in reality was miserable. In the great majority of cases at the present time the. cultivated districts contained land which was worth nothing, as it had been robbed of its fraitfulness. lake a bankrupt who squandered his capital, the colony had wasted her land. All tho'se districts which at one time were prospe rous and fruitful, and whose inhabitants forgot their grief on a trip to Adelaide, now he feared were exceedingly likely to grow peor. The state of'the farmer was altogether changed. He bade farewell to the land on which, he had earned his bread by the sweat of his brow—the place of his struggles—and looked forward to going upon ether sofl. And for that he was made to pay heavily and work hard. And what would be the fate of the newly-adopted land ? Just the same, he thought, as that of the soil which he had first abandoned. Like the old districts, the new land would be brought to a condition in which it would not yield more than three or four bushels to the acre. The only thing that he saw to compare with the shortsighted waste of the properties of the land which was brought about by this system was the nefarious destruc tion of our forests. What would be the fate of this land if the newly-settled districts became wasted like the older settlements?—this land, whose Government had no foresight, in which the people lived from hand to mouth, and could not see though their eyes were open. It was said by some that rotation of crops should be intro duced; but those who advised its introduction in connection with the present land system showed that tjiey knew nothing at ah about rotation of crops. The other colonies had by their Land Acts provided such a state of things as- to thoroughly settle thpse who went upon the land, but that was not the case here. While the blocks of land lay to their hand which could be used for settlement, they were sold, and the money went out of the colony for, in a great measure, useless commodities partly, and partly for importation of immigrants which no sooner came than they left us to seek farms in the neighbouring provinces. The Germans who came here cost nothing to the State, and taking them as having brought with them on an average £20 per head, the total number who came out lid brought a sum of j one million sterling. Germany had done her i share for the glory of America, and such an j immigration was the right sort for, South I Australia. (Applause.) But South Australia shut her eyes to such facts, and strove even not to see What was at presents being done in the other colonies. "While every country store keeper reduced the pripe of'his goods to compete with his rivals, the Government of this colony altogether omitted to follow so-good a rule in her land policy. While all other colonies reduced the price of their land, South Australia stuck to. her Own rule of taking as much as- possible out 1 of the poor farmer without considering that he might not be able to preserve his position for , many years. He prayed that in time the Government of this'colony might have their eyes opened to see the evil that was being wrought. The present state of things was contributed to largely by the fact that instead of the farmer bring afforded facilities for taking up land at a cheap rate be was prevented in many ways trom doing so, and being driven to purchase out his farm at a high rate, as was the case till lately, he commenced operations under a burden of debt. The land that they got proved fruitful, and many of them rose by their work; but the good was taken out of the soil by its being cropped over and over again. For a time they were assisted by the Government bonuses; but these were dropped, and as they had to pay heavy rents for their land, they had been compelled to struggle on in poverty, and at last leave their holdings, and seek out fresh ones. The land in Victoria -and property there were rising, but with us both were falling in value. He considered that morally a more liberal law would have had a very different effect upon the colony from that which we had, as farmers would, by it have, been enabled by a liberal law under which sufficient land could be taken up on long credit to give the soil a better treatment, - and found for themselves large holdings, which would employ many labourers. And the superior condition of the fanner under such a state of things would be a source of attraction to men of capital to come here, and the money would be saved which at present was spent in immigration for the benefit of the neighbouring colonies and injury of ourselves. He deprecated the exten sive sale of lands oh which were forests, which ought to have been conserved, because he con sidered that not only was the farmer a loser by taldDg them up, but the country lost con siderably by the waste of wood. He considered that in order to give the agriculturist a chance we must follow the example of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. He should be allowed anywhere within the boundaries of the colony to settle and make a home wherever he found available Crown lands. The registration should be simple, certain, and irrevocable, and the money paid upon them in advance as little as {jossible, for it was just as be commenced operations that the farmer needed the most capital. The Govern ment here, he thought/ roight take a lesson from that of the States, whioh advanced the farmer who showed determination both implements and provisions, and: some times supported him with oapitaL Thus assisted at a very critical time, he was able to spend his own capital in making the land taken up more productive and generally im proving his holding. If that was done here the result would be the prosperity of the farmer, a blessing to the colony, and immigrants, would come to our shores with capital—the proper kind of immigrants—who would be a blessingto South Australia. .But in the new system a farmer should certainly be allowed to choose a very much extended portion of land. This was desirable so as to enable him. to keep as many cattle as were necessary to provide dung for the part of the land which he intended to work. Under no circumstances should rota tion of crops be carried out on a large scale. The productiveness of the land in South Austra lian was only possible by changing from corn to cattle, and for this purpose .a huge proportion of land was required—a quan tity which faimers in the present state of the law seldom possessed. The farmer should also have a 'large choice of land. If, for in stance, he intended to have only 100 acres of land cultivated with wheat, he should have liberty to choose 800 acres; had he means to cultivate 400 acres of corn, he should be entitled to choose three times as much land—1,200 acres. The price should be £1 per acre as long as there was good land to be had, and afterwards less charges should be made. There should be an advance payment for registering of Is. per acre the first year, Is, for the second, 2s. each for the next six years, and 3s. for the ninth and tenth year, all payments to be taken to be part of the purchase-money. Free selection was the only security the farmer could have against disadvantageous'influences and errors of the Government. With an honest law and upright administration dummyism was only a ghost, and it could not take any serious hold upon the country, unless supported in a secret manner. With a. wealthy populotion there would- be no deficit in the revenue, and. in future years, when land ceased to be disposed of, a revenue could be raised by a property tax. The fanners now struggled against the imposition of a duty which they were not able to pay; but if they had the means they would pay it with pleasure.. Mr. Wetzel seconded. Carried. Mr. C. Bale, J.P., moved—"That country lands, unless they are improved lands, be sold on credit at the uniform price of £1 per acre, and that cultivation be compulsory :as hereto fore." He explained the provisions of the pre sent land law, stating that in 1869 when there was more than one applicant for a section it was drawn for by lot instead of being put up to auction, ap at present. The present Government considered this gambling, but he thought it the fairest possible system. He could prove to them , that in the excitement of an auction some went beyond their means, and took possession of the land as paupers, and so were unable to make the required improvements, and were at last ousted by the Government. Victoria and New South Wales had their gold, but we only had our corn, Mid upon that we must place our confidence. -Mr. A. Witt secopded. < He hoped the mover would alter his proposition so as to make it only apply to good lands, for 5s. and 10s." per acre was sometimes too much for land adjoining the. best selections. Ho knew of cases in which persons came to town, and, failing to obtain the \ land they wanted, had paid £50 or £60 for other land, but when they came to look at it they found it worthless, and thus their money was ; lost. He hoped that the Germans would hold together, and then they would have a fair chance of getting what they wanted. He believed that Br. Muecke had put it too strongly* in saying that land after a ten-years' cultivation would not yield sufficient to pay expenses.' Mr. F. Wtjem said in 1851 our olive oil took a prize in Ekigland. He did not see, therefore, why farmers did not cultivate the olive to a greater extent. Carried. Mr. A W. F. Sodholz moved—" That all payments in respect of lands selected on credit be considered as part of the purchase-money." Much had been said about the land getting worn out, but he believed that a sound farmer, if he got plenty of land, would not make his land poor. He had found on his own land, although he let some lie two years fallow and cropped it one, that it required manure, such, as bone-du^t, &c.;, so as not to wear it out. The farmer, if he wished to get on, must not depend on. wheat only, but "he must also keep cattle, and by their aid manure his land. Eighteen hundred acres in one block was not too much for a farm. The climate was not so good here as in Germany, and so we could not have rotation of crops as well as there. _ Mr. Rloppeb seconded. Carried. Mr. H. C. Uhlmann moved—" That it is de sirable to survey land for selection on credit beyond the present arbitrary line defined by the Schedule of the Act No. 18 of 1872, and that there selectors be alio wed not less than1,280acres." There was an arbitrary line named after Mr. Goyder, beyond which it was supposed rain did not fall in sufficient quantity to enable wheat to be grown; but experience had shown that such was not the case, and that even beyond that line there was good arable land. 'The reason why the old settled agricultural, districts had been i worn out was that the farmers had too little land to pay attention to rotation of crops. Carried. Mr. W. Nitschm: moved—"That the Scrub lands Act be re-enacted, with the provision that ■ no land grant be issued before the whole of the arable land has been brought under cultivation." The result of a useless expenditure of money on immigration and the existence of an illiberal land law had been the exodus of many of our best settlers, and we should now try to get a liberal land law passed, so-that the farmer wonld be in a good position, and the whole community benefited. Mr. H. C. Uhlmakx seconded. Carried. Mr. Davids moved—" That besides the land previously under the provisions of the Scrub Lands Act, all lands which remain urselected two ! years after they have been declared open shall, if arable, be offered for lease-with a right of pur-, chase, subject to the conditions of the Scrub Lands Act as amended, and-that all other lands as heretofore shall be offered under clause 39 of Act No. 18 of 1872." He was glad that the people of Adelaide, as well as of the country towns and villages, were coming to a sense of their duty and helping the farmer. The popula tion of the country districts could not alone do what was required, but he felt sure that their united efforts would be successful. Mr. U. Hubbe, LL.D., seconded. Ho had been, told that the Scrub Lands Act Bari been cast aside as inoperative by the lawyers of the Crown, but he hoped that its provisions would be brought into force again. He trusted that all persons would make use-of their vote at the next general election, and only elect such persons as would pledge their support to a liberal lasd law. Carried. . Mr. c. vox Behtougje moved—"That the drainage operations be systematically and rigorously prosecuted." He did not so much blame the Government for the present state of things as the community,, because they them selves were the rulers. In future they ought to see that everything was done in a manner that suited them. Mr. "Wagner seconded. Carried. Mr. A. Mene proposed, Mr. Scheoedhr seconded—"That a memorial containing the above resolutions be presented to the Legis lative Council and House of Assembly of the province." Carried. Dr. Hubee moved—" That the President of the Fortschritts-Verein, Mr. Krichauff, M.P., and the movers and seconders of the resolutions form a Standing Central Committee, with power to add to their number, with a view to take further steps when necessary to carry out the above resolutions, to watch proceedings in Par liament and the carrying out of the land laws by the Government, and to form Sub-Committees in the country districts." Some organization of the kind was necessary, as good laws in the hands of persons who were totally against them were not so carried out as they ought to be. The meeting closed with votes of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. Krichauff. M.P.. Dr. Muecke, and the Press. 