THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. (From the Sydney Morning Herald's Cable Despatch. St Petek6BOBGH, January 23. I | The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edin burgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in tbe Winter Paltce and the various galleries. The ladies Were eumptuously attired, tbe prevailing costumes particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds, The men were in uniform with tbe exception of the American Diplo matistB. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Chamber, lains, and other officers of the Court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial. Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the BusBian naval uniform. Tbe bride waB splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of tbe Imperial family, priestB, friends, princes, and Court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All were decorated with the BaeBian Order of St Andrew. Tbe Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in tbe same style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold Prince Arthur acted as one of the grooms men. All wore silver wedding f.ivors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was met by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church of thsi Holy Synod, bearing 'crosses and sacred vessels with bolv water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the mi Idle of th1) church, assuming his station, with the E npress im mediately behind. Aronnd tbe bride and bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. Tbe wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until placed on tbe fingers of the bride and bridegroom. . The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles ; the fi tor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was un-qne in the absence of music. Cbaots and intoned prayers Were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair — Prince Arthnr holding the crown over the Duke of Elinhurgh, and the Prince Sergius that over tbe bride. The Imperial Confessor then said ; ' Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, ar crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the tit tne of the Father, tbe Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Prince Arthur, becoming tired of tbe heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 2 th aod 23rd verses, were read After the reading was concluded the marriage at Can a of Gatlilee wis read. . The crowns were removed, ahd the married couple walked thrice aeound the raised dais, holding tbe tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of the ceremony tbe sacramental rnp was brought forward, blessed, and partaken of by the bridal pair, tbe confessor presenting the Cross- which both kissed. Afterwards tbe choir Bang ' Glory to Thee, O Lord !' concluding with a benediction. This ended tbe Greek Services The pro cession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Thr walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during tbe solemnization of the Greek church service, wore a Protes: tant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared at the altar weitring an Episcopal, surplice with a jewelled collarof the Order of Bath around bis neck, waB assisted by two resident Enslish clergymen* Both the American and the English colony were ga hered on the left of the altar. , Con spicuous among them was Governor Jewett, tbe American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, . were present. E~peci tlly notabie was the vener able Prince Gortscbaknff, surrouode i by Irad' ipg members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between ber father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked . behind. The beautiful Ans'ican wed,diog service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, *he Prince and Princess responding according to tbe form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer., The delivery pf the final benedic tion, 'God, the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost— -bles*, preserve, and keep \- you.' was especially touching. The services being concluded, l)6an Stanley congratulated the Bewly-tnarried cauple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. Tbe bride looked earnest, 6weet, fair. faced the bride groom grave, 6elfpossessed. The Princess. of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy — -tbe image of her mother, Qaeeo Victpria. The Prince of WaUs was apparently on excellent 'terms with the German Prince and both looked well. During the ceremony in tbe English obapel, the Empress ot Russia being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed over, tame and made a motion of holding a baud kerchief to tier eyes when the married couple j saluted ber. The ceremony, being concluded- j the zero ^d dispersed. Ttfere was only a . limited display of -popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squareB took place* and the general scene was one of splendid festivity. Tbe service formed an extraordi nary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp! and splendour. After tbe marriage there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball in tbe gorgeous ball. At the close rf the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to tbe bridal chan.ber, accompanied by the Emperor and officeis of tbe Court. The fes tivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being pre sent. . 