vftM-SWS THE PM-TS. Re.\ling « Tyrone among the bushes, O," whieli recently appeared in one or two Vic torian journals, reminded us of tlie inimitable and- beautiful ballad of Burns, written Jto the same tnne and the chorus of which the ploughman borrowed from an old Scotch song. We, nt one tAne, gave the Ayrshire bard great credit for the originality arid ele gant compliment to his favorite sex— the ladies— contained in tlie last verse of hi3 song : " AuU Nature swears q,e lovely dears Her noblest work s\>e classes O, Iler 'prentice han' she on man, . And then she made. iht lasses, 0." In Allan Cunningham's edition of Burns' poems, he states that the sentiment embodied' in the above verse is the same as in tlie para graph which lie quotes in support of his air legation from "Cupid's W irirleygig," pub lished in 1607-. If Cunningham had read Sir Thomas Moore's ."Utopia," published half a century before the Whirleygig,'' lie would there see, in glowing poetic prose, the very words and sentiment of Burns' ballade The Caledonian minstrel may not have seen " Utopia" or " Cupid's Whirleygig," but notwithstanding it is certain -that Henry the Eight's Chancellor was the first — as far as we know— to offer such pure incense at the shrine of woman. Since the days of Alex ander Pope, there has not been a - more original poet than Scotia's child of nature — Robert Burns. Bobby does not acknowledge to have read Goldsmith's works, yet there is great similarity between two lines of " High- i land Mary" and a couplet of the "Deserted Village." Burns' song — so musically tender — strange to say, has not one word of rhyme in tlie whole effusion. Here are the two lines we have alluded to above "There limmer first unfiralds her robes, And there the larigest tarry." While those of Goldsmith tire : " Where smiling spring its earliest visit paid, Anil partiiig summer's lingering blooms delayed." "The Exile of Erin" is another beautiful lyric from the peri of a Caledonian. As the history of this excellent song may be interest ing to your Irish readers, we will here ab breviate Campbell's notes thereon for their information. In the first year of the present century, Mr Campbell made the acquaintance in Hamburg, of together with j Rowan,- Donovan and Anthony MacCann. The men named were honorable and upright men, seeming . to take counsel from the man of asterisks. Campbell met them frequently in friendly intercourse, and ' always sym pathised in their grievances. One evening the poet was wandering on the banks of tlie Elbe, near Altona, when he chanced to meet Anthony MacCann, who appeared prosperous, although lonely and pensive. This meeting i was the origin of . "The Exile of Erin," and j Anthony MacCann was the " Exile" himself. ! Tlie bard of Erin — Thomas Moore — was delighted with Campbell's ballad, " There came to the beacli," See. ; and, after a little time, was persuaded to write to the same tune " Savournceri dheelish''— his beautiful song, "I saw from the beach when the morning was shining ;" but -where is the Irish peasant that was ever- known to sing it? Moore's song may be sung in tlie drawing-room to night, nnd bo forgotten tomorrow. "The Exile of Erin" was composed the last week in October' or the beginning of November, 1S00, and was sang by Rowan, Donovan and MacCann at their evening parties. It was published the January following in the Morning Chronicle, with a recommendation from Campbell to the English Government of the day to relax the laws -that compelled these brave men — who loved their country not too I wisely but too well — to live in exile. As the j sun never sets on the Irish race, "the Exile i of Erin" will be read and sung by Irishmen in every conritry and in every clime, until | that dreadful day when the angel will stand with one foot on the sea and the other upon the land, trumpeting forth to the world that j " time is no more !" _ . We have no doubt the name sup pressed here was that of Robert Emmet, who ; was then on the continent, seeking the sym- i pathy of the French in behalf of Ireland, and. j who was executed on a temporary scaffold, near St. Catherine's Church, Thomas street, j Dublin, in 1S03. J. M. F. I Wanted a spark from the fire of genius — a piece of the glass of the mirror that's held up to Nature— a drop of water from tlie gulf of perdition— the color of tlie mind's eye — a finger from tlie hand of Nature — a nail from the finger of scorn— the name of the gentle man who wrote the tale that the ghost of' Hamlet said he could unfold — the head that tlie hair was taken from that suspended the sword over the neck of Da nodes— a step from the ladder of crime — a link from the chain of events — a line to plumb tlio depth of the bottomless pit— the tree that the apple of the eye grows on — the wings of the Flying Dutchman — a key to open Davy Jones' locker — a leaf from the wreath of glory, with leaves taken at parting, aud the flower of the family-to form a bouquet for my button-hole on Xmas Day— a gill of water from tlie sea of trouble — a feather from the wing of liberty — a light from the spark of friendship — a blast from tlie trumpet of fame — one drop from the cup of sorrow — the spade that dug the grave of oblivion — a photo of the Cove of Cork — a box from a striking likeness — a spoke from the wheel of fortune — the exact measurement of the height of impudence — one of the shoe- buckles of the man in tlie moon — the buckle of the belt of Orion — two buttons from a coat of paint — a pin to prick a quarrel with the waist-band of a Highlander's breeches— a boot from the last of the Mohicans — a shirt sleeve from . the arms of Morpheas — a towel to wipe the face of the country — a razor to shave notes with — a tub made of musical staves to wash a fountain, head in— the vehicle wherein ideas are conveyed — a target for the young idea to shoot at— the amount of Chester's bill to Marmion, 