TffE EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The annual meeting of the Evangelical Alliance was held on Monday afternoon, May 11, in the Lecture Hall of the Plrie-street Church. Tne Bfev. V. P. Wells in the chair. After a hymn. had. been sung, the Rev. J. Jeffebis, LL.B., engaged in prayer. The Ghaibman said— Among the many sub j ects which have occurred to me as the theme of the brief address I have to-night to deliver, I have selected this : — The Great want, of the OhiimVi in this age, and how to get it supplied ? The Churoh has many wants. For example — she wants greater spirituality of mind ; for there is in her a sad degree of worldliness. She wants greater unity ; for we are a long way yet from the true unity of Christendom, viz , that union for which the Master prayed when He asked that they all may be one. Further, she wants greater zgal ; for there is far too much of Laodicean ease. And yet again, she wants greater enthusiasm for Christ. We have been taught to wish for more of the enthusiasm of humanity, which would indeed be good, but I am persuaded that greater enthusiasm for Christ — the personal, living, sympathising, in terceding, reigning, saving Jesus Christ— ;would be even .better. If I were asked what was .the /great distinguishing feature of Ihe.far^' Ohriiitlaas- Tthat which constrained them to duly, ' impelled them' in enter irise, sustained them in persecution, and ed them to victory — I should say it was their burning love for Jesus j and more of this burn ing love for Jesus is another of the wants of tha Char oh in our. times. But ic is to none of these that I refer when I speak of 'the great want of the Choi chin this age.' What I d0 mean is this — a larger measure of the Spirit' influence, a Pentecostal baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is the want of the ministry; this is the want of the eldership ; this is the want of the members ; this is all good things in one ; as is intimated by comparing our Lord's words as given by Matthew with similar words as given by Luke. In Matthew it is—' If ye, then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask Him.' But when we turn to Luke it is— r'cHow much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit hat ask Him.' Let the Church have this gift of the Spirit — this baptism of the Holy Ghost — in richer measure, and she will soon reach a higher standard, and wield a mightier power, and win richer saccesa. But how is this want to be supplied ? We have only to look at the Churoh of Jerusalem on the Day of PentecoBt to learn that it must be as the result of earnest, united, and persevering' -rayer. Their prayer was earnest. They con iinuedin prayer and supplication. But fervor ia prayer for this blessing can never exist with out a deep and almost overwhelming conviction of the importance, the value, and the necessity of the Spirit's influence. Would we be con vinced of this, let us look at the Apostles as they waited' for its descent. See them. They have everything they require for their work but this one thing. They are an enemy surrounding the cibadel they seek to demolish. They have their swords in their hands, .and their banners are waving on high. They have their cannon, their balls, their powder, and every thing is in order — everything ready. What wait they for ? The fire. One almost wonders that some of them could wait so long. One wonders that Peter especially did not commit himself. But the command of the Lord was so ?alAiti 41*A«r ^o*«s* **s\£ mAt?A A Ttr\ 4?TtA rflniiTt' justified their patience. The fire at length came, and glorious were the results. And, brethren, the world has not changed, Christi anity has not changed,' the Divine administra tion has not changed. If we would see similar results they must be accomplished byljhe same means. Hence] our great want is the Holy Ghosf. Never in the history of the world were there so . many enrolled in the Christian army. Never 'was there more of what men would regard aB likely to produce magnificent results; and yet how little, comparatively speaking, is effected, and what is our want? Not the patronage or the subsidies of Governments that somb of us think we can do better without ; not beautiful temples ; not greater talent and learning in the ministry of the Church ; not greater wealth and influence, in the laity of the Church. These may be very good in their place, but they are not out great want ; they are only the ammunition, we want the fire—the Holy Ghost . sent down from Heaven. Fix this .conviction as' with electric power in each of our bosoms ; burn into us the thought — that without this everything else is useless ; and, oh what ardor, what fervor, what wrestling will there be in eur prayers for the promised gift. But their prayers were united as well as earnest. . They continued with one accord. And if the Church would prevail in her prayers, she must be united now. And then their' prayers were persevering. They continued in prayer till the blessing tome. One great cause of feebleness in prayer is want of faith. We want to fix it in our minds that all we ask is really promised and available. Let us be assured that Pente cost was not a gala day in the Church to be regarded as honored with achievements never to be seen again. ' No, it was as to its spiritual characteristics a specimen day; and if the Church had maintained .her fidelity, her chro nioles would have been filled with such davs. Even now, here and there and now and then, such a day is seen to show what we may expect, and what we are authorised to ask, and, not withstanding all our shortcomings, there is much in our times to encourage us to expect greater things than our eyes yet have seen. Many are the indications of the Spirit's readi ness to come at the ca'l of the Church. Amongst the Jews such a spirit of enquiry prevails in some places as was never known before. Heathenism is beginning to totter to its fall, and is asking for light. Mahometanism is waning and nar rowing our view to our own congregations in this land. There are scores within them who require nothing but a Pentecostal revival to bring them to Christ and to His fold. O, for Christian fidelity, In earnest, united, and per severing prayer. 'Then' shall the Spirit be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness shall become a fruitful field, and the. fruitful field be counted for a forest ; then shall the feeblest amongst us be as David, the glory of the Lord shall rise upon Israel, her righteousness shall go forth as brightness, aad her salvation as a lamp that burneth. The Lord hasten it in His time. (Applause.) The Secretary (Bev. J. McEwin) then read the following report : — In presenting their annual . report the Committee of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance have to express their thankfulness that the past year has pre sented so few features that have called for the special work of the Alliance. For the object of this Association is not to plant churches, nor to carry on missions, nor to engage in aggressive work of any kind. Its object is defensive rather than offensive — to foster .union and brotherly love amongst the soldiers of the Cross, and to stand as a guardian of the walls of Zibn, to re pair the breaches: where they are broken down, and guard against the enoroaohments of the foe. While love abounds, while the walls are secure, while the foe is: inactive, there is little work for the Alliance. And this has to some extent been the case during the past year. A good deal of quiet work, however, has been done. The annual meeting for 1873 was* held in the Stow School room on Monday evening, 12th May, There was a good attendance. The Bev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., the President, occupied the chair, and gave a short review of the past year, and after cne reports ior tne year naa . oeen reaa ana Etdopted ; introduced to the meeting the Presi dent elect, Bev. W. P. Wells, who then took the chair, and delivered an interesting address on the duty of Christians to love one another. Bev. F. W. Cox gave an address on the Finan cial Law of Christ's Kingdom. Bev. J. Bick ford and Rev. O. B. Symes also took part ia the meeting. On the. following Wed nesday, 14th May, an united Communion Service was held in St. Andrew's Church, which was crowded with communicants, re presenting maay denominations. The President of the Alliance (Bev. W. P. Wells) presided, and delivered an address on the design of the Lerd's Supper, and the occasion was felt by many to be more than usually solemn and re freshing. Early in the year the Rev. T. Jasper Smyth, Corresponding Secretary, having re signed in consequence of being suddenly called to England, the Bev. John McEwin, of Hind-, marsh, was elected to supply the vacancy. The ministers' monthly prayer meeting has been regubily held, but with a small and fluctuating attendance, varying from two to eight or ten. It is felt that if this meeting is to justify its existence— if it is to be successful and pro fitable — it must receive heartier and more regular support from our ministerial brethren. One only of the ordinary quarterly prayer meet ings has been held— in Chalmers Church on 19th November. There was a fair attendance, and the Eev. F. W. Cox delivered an appropriate address. It was deemed advisable by yoor Committee to incorporate the prayer meeting, which should have been held in August, with a week of special meetings arranged for at that time in connection with the Alliance. The ob ject of these meetins was to plead for the out pouring of the holy spirit upon the Churches. They were held in the various places of wor: ship in the oity during the week commencing August 18th. Short sermons were preached by the Bevs. J. Henderson, F. W. Cox, J. Lyall, J. Bickford, O. Lake, and 0. B. Symes. The services were well attended, and your Com mitten pray that the seed thus cast upon the waters may be found after many days. The third prayer meeting took theform-ef* thanks giving service, which was held in Flinders street Presbyterian Church on 18th February. Your Committee also invite the various Evan gelical Churches throughout the colony to unite in observing Sunday, 15th February, as a day of thanksgiving for the bountiful har vest, which was very generally done. In July last the attention of your Committee was directed by Mr. John Colton to the abounding open immorality in various parts of the city. After discussion it was resolved that a deputation from the Alliance wait on the Chief Secretary on 29th August, for the purpose of representing the matter, and seeking his aid to suppress it. The deputation, consisting of your Committee, together with several gentle men, who could speak from personal knowledge of the evil complained of, was courteously re ceived by the Chief Secretary, who promised to move the police to the discharge of their duty. Your Committee have reason to believe that their action in this instance has not been with out good results. With this brief account of their stewardship, and praying that the interest felt in this Alliance and its objects may be deepened and widened, your ,-Oomtaitteej now replace their trust in your hands. The Bev. 0. B. Stubs, B.A., said that there were many important matters to be considered in reference' to the Sabbath. He believed that God had originally, intended that man^ and, in fact, all living , creatures, should rest one day in seven, .and. they had chosen the first day of the. week, because it was on that day that Christ arose, and that the Holy Ghost descended upon the Apostles. He believed the highest idea of the day was Best. The bodily and mental parts of human nature needed rest, rest to that part of the nature which was most exercised during the other six days of the week ; - but' it was not only rest to humanity, but to the lower creation likewise. The beasts of burden heeded rest one day in seven, and were all the better for it. (Hear.) The Sab bathr should also be a day of fjoy and pleasure. There should be a nearness to God, in which pleasure would be felt. The day should really be a day of joy and pleasure, even to those whose tastes were not so. spiritual as they could desire. Then it should be a day of plea sure to children. He felt that parents might well lay themselves out to make the Lord's Day a day of pleasure in the family life. He knew it was much easier to throw out suggestions than to practically work them out. (Hear, hear.) Still, if the parents tried what they could do, he believed they would succeed. He rejoiced that the Sabbath Day's literature for children had made so great an improvement of late years. (Hear.) He then referred to the question of travelling on the Lord's Day, saying that, thougb. he did not think that all travelling was absolutely wrong, he felt that they should not, if possible, cause their fellow-man to work on what should be a day of rest. He, there fore, deprecated the ' excursionising' that was being fostered en the Adelaide and . Glenelg Railway line on Sunday afternoons. ' (Hear.) Then the* .claims of friendship were not to be set aside, for, though he did not approve of the Sabbath being made a day of feasting, he certainly did not think there was anything, to be condemned in a man enter taining his friends, who might live at too great a distance to be able to. get to. church. Nay, he even considered it his duty to do so. He trusted that the rest of the Sabbath might take its hue from that rest to.whieh they all were journeying. (Hear, hear.) The Bev. P. Macxabeh then spoke upon 'The He viral in Edinburgh.' The rev. gentle man having spoken of the spirit of revival wnich naa manifested itself throughout Scot land recently, and was according to last re ceived accounts still 'being continued, re ferred to Edinburgh, where the excitement and enthusiasm were so intense that all the churches were crowded daily to overflowing, whilst the Corn Exchange, capable of holding 6,000 people, also failed- to accommodate the multitudes which ~ embracing all classes of society, the wealthiest and the poorest, the most learned, and most ignorant — thronged toc these special services. He believed the revival was the outcome .of earnest and faithful prayer. He then spoke of the labors of Messrs. Moody and. Sankey in connection with the revival, mentioning that the former, who was born in 1837, in America, and brought up in the tJnitarian belief, at an early age entering an Evangelical Church, be came so impressed at what he heard, that he at once took up the work of evangelization, and, proceeding to Chicago, commenced his labors by bringing to the . Sunday-school children he ' found in the streets. He subsequently caused such a revival that, having gathered around him an. immense congregation, he was, upon the invitation of the Bevs. Penny-father and Bearidge, induced to visit England with his coadjutor, Mr. Sankey, whom he had, met in Pennsylvania. A number of stirring incidents were then narrated of the labors of these revivalists in England, and of their subsequent, labors in Edinburgh, the fey. gentleman concluding with the hope that a spirit of revival might manifest itself in the Churches throughout this colony. The Tbeasdbeb (Mr. G. ' W. Cotton) then read the financial statement, whieh showed a balance of £7 due to the Treasurer. ' xne .i&ev.; j. oicotubd moveo, ana uax. -). a. Chabtieb seconded, the adoption of the report, which was carried unanimously. The Chaibman then vacated his place to the Bev. J. Henderson, who had been elected to take the position of Chairman of the Alliance for the coming year. The Chairman elect was then inducted into office, and returned his thanks for the honor done him. The Bev. James Jeffjbis moved — 'That the following gentlemen be the Office- bearers and Committee for the ensuing year : — President, Bev. James Henderson ; Secretary, Bev. John McEwin ; Treasurer, Mr. G. W. Cotton ; Com mittee, Bevs. J. Bickford, W. L. Binks, F. W. Cox, J. Davidson, J. Goodwin, Jas. Jefferis, O. Lake, Thos. Lloyd. & Mead, P. McLaren, J. L. Parsons, G. W. PatchelL C. B. Symes, and W. P. Wells, and Messrs. W. C. Buik. J. Ooltoh, J. Darling, A. Gore, J. D. Hill, G. Hance, F. Hann, T. W. Harris, S. McGregor, J. Smith, W. Rhodes Jas. Steele, Jas. Scott, i& Whitmore; and E. S. Wigg, with power to add to their number.' Mr. A. Gobe seconded the motion, which was carried. The Doxology and Benediction then closed the proceedings. A sad example has occurred at the Wallaroo mines of the extreme folly of parents leaving a house solely in charge of children while they have access to fire in any Bhape. On Tuesday evening Mr. and Mrs Hicks had occasion to go abroad, and left three or four children behind. One of the children seems to have been playing about the fire, her clothes became ignited, and she was hopelessly burnt. On the return of heir parents, Dr. Fisher was called in, but he could afford no assistance, and the poor child succumbed to the shock caused to her nervous system by serious burns. — Wal- laroo Times. A timber- getter shot a blackfellow on Frazer's Island the. other day, and the blacks brought up news of the occurrence. The sergeant in charge sent, with commendable promptness, two constables to; enquire into the case, and to arrest the white man. It appeared quite evident that the shooting was justifiable, and that the white man fired in defence of his life, the blackfellow having come at night to his (Leary's) hut, occupied by his wife and himself, and demanded all the rations in the place. On his refusing, and attempting to shut the door in the black's face, the hitter threw his spear at him, piercing his shirt, and he at once took down his gun and fired. Even then the black made a rush at him, and with one blow of his nulla, bent the barrel and broke the stock of the discharged gun, which its owner raised to parry the blow. The black then turned away, and as was afterwards found, dropped and died at a short distance from the hut. The dead black was an individual better known than liked in thiB neighborhood. He had made several visits to St. Helena for robbery, and on one occasion felled a police man with his nulla in the streets of Mary borough. — From the Maryborough corres pondent of the jQuemslandcr. 