Ctit $2$nej2 iftlorntng &erat;ö< j - . MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, M74. ' ' a» Theke is something in the nature of the case inconsistent, in putting a meaBure before a deliberative assembly, and telling it at the same time that it must not deliberate on an essential part,'inaemuch as everything therein is already fixed beyond recall. Yet, this has unfortunately \ieen the qase with íegard to the schedule of .he Electoral Bill ; so that its passage through the House must be looked upon very much in the light of a form. There arc, it is true, some occasions when a deliberative assembly may be asked to forego its legislative powers out of regal d to practical considerations. In 'the' case, for instance, of some very 'carefully ' prepared ' measures ' of law reform, which have been digested and approved of by experts, and which could not be altered in parts without risking serious damage to the symmetry of the whole, a lay assembly might be asked ' to take it on the faith of the skill and minute attention of those who prepared it. This is not. the case with the Electoral ÏJill, but yet theie is a practicaLreason of another 'character which has stood' in the -way of 'modifications of the schedule. If the bouncl atieß 'of ,{,h,e' districts had been altered, the iGovernment states 'that the olections could not 'take place lunder ithe aew bill' at the next dissolution, but if the schedd» remains , unaltered, they, can. That,, is} a good 'practical reason > lor- leaving j the! schedule as it is, because, whatever objections' may be made to it, they are probably less tnan the objections that may be made to going to the country on the old electoral basis. At the same time, though the force of this reasoning may be admitted, it cannot bo denied that the situa- tion íb an awkw ard oao, because the Electoral Bill is just that sort of measure on which tho Assembly ought to «spend its knowledge It is practically shut out from dealing with an. essential part of a bill it ought to know most about, and such as it ia most able to perfect. Ihe Government, however, ia not primarily responsible for the difficulty that has arisen,; and could only be blamed if it could be shown' ^hat it has not done its beat, under the circum- stances. It was not the fault of the Govern- ' ment that the bill was lost at the close of the last session, nor would the difficulty havearisen, even aB it is, had it not been for 'the Triennial BillJ or at least that clause of it which malees' the bill applicable to the' present Parliament, j i It waa a clumsy arrangement for the present 'House ito shorten'!its existence, with the 'bill 'to. reconstruct 'its^ constituencies proipised but ,'not, passed. By/so doing it put itself ui"a -cornel. ' ? -i ii '? Admitting, however, that it is belter to adopt a-schedule 'admittedly impe'rfect,"ráther' than j.fall back upon the still more jmpçr,fect électoral division, that nowupievails, it istill follows that itheibill as now characterized isa temporary! one. Yet in the body tof it? there are clauses) practically assuming _*£hatlit is intended to lasti for a long time, those claunes, viz., which -provide lor the -expansion and contraction1 of constituencies aecordinglto ¡their increase or decrease in population. Under the circum- stances, these' clausès'Svo^l'd>'seém to be out of place ; formby theiiàdmissîoù of the Govern 'raent itself, the ¡schedule can be improved, ¡although it is ¿0$ late to improve it in this i Parliament. < Then the improvement ought to ' take place under 'the next Parliament; and while the bill might pass as a temporary makeshift, it should pass as uothing else. A wiso plan, therefore, would have been to hare tleft out all the elastic clauses-in fact, to have provided nothing more than was neces 'eary to adjust the changes of the boundaries of the constituencies, and keep everything else as it wau. This would leave it open to the new Parliament to consider all questions relating to the mode, of voting, and tbo mode of collecting the rolls ; it 1 would have met the present want, which was simply a better distribution of the electoral power, and to have done that would have been to have .done all that was demanded by Parliament in its present session. Such an arrangement, too; would have diminished the chaniJé of 'any collision with the Legislative Council. After 1 what has been said we cant scarcely suppose that this would be a recommendation in the eyes 01 the Cabinet, which, if possessed with the spirit of its chief, is now in a fighting mood, and would rather provoke à iow than not. But the statesman who is above little tempers would be glad of a good excuse of avoiding a quarrel, and would be ready to accept any honourable way of keeping an unpleasant difficulty out of sight. The constituencies, as such, 'have been in the main toleiably silent about the Electoral Bill. Mr. Robhrison says they have not condemned it, but then on the other hand neither have they praised it. The whole of the demand that has come from dif- ferent quarters has simply been for a fairer distribution of the electoral power, and for a greater regard for local centres. If this request is reasonably met it is all that is at present re- quired, and this would have been met even with the omission of much that is included in the present bill. Seeing that we have so open a recognition of the fact that the preseat schedule is not as per- fect as it might be made, it would have been more consistent with such an avowal to have simply done what was necessary to meet the prêtent want, and have allowed everything else to stand over. The schedule, with the clauses which necessarily validate it, is all that is really required of the present Parliament. We hardly know whether it, is anticipated that the bill for reconstructing the Upper House will pasa this session; of course if it should, in any 6hape whatever, then the necessary elections for the Council might take place at the same time as the elections for the Assembly. It is a common practice in America for co- ordinate elections to be contemporaneous, and it simplifies all the expenditure connected with arrangements for collecting votes. It íb pro ; bable, however, that the Upper House Bill has been provided more to occupy and amuse hon. . members than with any serious expectation of j getting it through in its present shape. It is for the constituencies, however, to r remember that no mechanical contrivances ' for voting, and no division and redivision i of the country into constituencies, will be of i any avail towards giving better representation i if the people at large do not thoroughly do i their duty in that respect. Whether the new I Electoral Bill will give us a better House will ? depend not upon the provisions of the bill but upon the political honesty and good sense of the constituencies. The equalization of the voting power meets a demand which voters ' make on the ground of fairness, but will they, on their part, meet all the other demands which the country makes on them ? Are they prepared to throw aside all minor considérations, and in exercising the sacred duty of the suffrage to do it, so as' to Bend into Pctrliament absolutely the > best men that are obtainable? We do not expect men of genius ; they are scarce every- where. We do not even expect men of . brilliant talents; but, in addition to good common sense and practical experience of the i real wants of the colony, there is a need of ¡ thorough uprightness and honesty. Cha j meter and competency are the two great things I to which electors have to look. It is I not much use to send into Parliament an honest fool, but it is better to do that than to send in a clever rogue ; the one may not do ! much good, the other is pretty sure to do some harm. There are'more men to be elected now than formerly, and there may be some little difficulty in finding suitable candidates. The last session of Parliament was enough to deter local men from coming up to Sydney to look ' after the affairs of the public, but a really good House might be able to prevent the necessity for any such lengthened session. At any rate, whatever the difficulty of finding men willing to serve, the duty of constituents is to do their utmost to search out that class of men, and to make the process of their election consistent with self-respect. There are electors and also electioneering agents who do not scruple in a contest to defame the characters of those ' they oppose, to ransack private history, and to make the public 'appearance of a candidate as « disagreeable as it is' possible to be to a man of . | delicacy, and , refinement. , There can, be, no ' J doubt that not.a few .perBons who aie capable I'l'ofr-'rwflliiirifc' good'''servio«» in ' PMtthmçh'i, -1.v,- ' tin i* ,',fl_. and who would bo willing to undergo the necefBary > fatigue, are-deterred from coming forward from the knowledge of the fact that the, process of, getting elected is one which, may be made as distasteful and disagreeable as possible. Coarser spirits do not object bo this ordeul,' there are some who even delight in the fray ; but the country does not gam by virtually ostracising from public political life those who dislike to be bespattered with mud. ' A ra sit, coming lo a decision in regard to th'e cumulative vote, as provided for m the clause referred to in a previous article, the Committee of the Victoiinn Legislative Assembly made rapid progress' with the Local Government Bill. Ibe next hundred and fifty clauses called forth little discussion of importance, and the debating was rather tame. Some conver- sation took place as to the tlength of time th'e polling shculd bo Icept open, and it was De- posed that votes should bo received untií six o'clock i in the evening, on the ground tuat a large number of ratepayers were unable to îecoid their votes between 9 o'clock in the morning and , 4 o'clock in the afternoon. It was affirmed that in con- sequence of the time at which thd voting ' tdok placo being so limited, many ratepayers who had to go to work early in the morning, and did ¿ob return until after four in the evening,-wero virtually disfranchised, because it was not customary for employers to give their men an hour to vote, as was the c&be; generally in regard to parliamentary elections. 1 his point is worthy of consideration in rotation to our own colony. Circumstances might arise to bring about a very partial decision if employers directly interested gave their men time to vote, and the same practice were not generally adopted. There were only two arguments put forward against the proposed extension of time. One was that the proposed change would add to the labours of the returning-officors, poll clerks, and scrutineers, but of course little weight/ was attached to this tenderness for official con- venience. The other was that the keeping open of the poll to a late hour might bo pro- ductive of bad results. It would no doubt be undesirable to keep the poll open after dark, either for the election of aldermen or of member» of Parliament, but where an additional hour would lead to a more complete expression of i he public will, considerations of official comfort must be lightly regarded. As a rule our elections are characterized by less disorder and rowdjism than are electioneering proceedings'in america or m England, and there is little fear ol disturbance. It was proposed to keep the poll open until 6 o'clock, but eventually the following compromise was agieed to:-"That ibe hour for closing the polls should be ,5 i/elock with regard to the shires, but that it t-hould be extended to 6 o'clock in the case of boroughs." A proposal to open the poll >t 8 o'clock was negatived without dis- cussion. The idea ot expecting electioneering functionaries to be at their po°ts at so early an hour was exceedingly chilling. Our own Act provides that at every contested muni- cipal election the voting shall commence at 8 o'clock in the morning, and close at 3, in. the afternoon of the same day, and as a rule it ii believed that the convenience of the ratepayers is sufficiently regarded; but if, on inquiry,'it should be found otherwise, it would be far better to prolong the polling than that the municipal opinion should not, be folly ex- pressed. « i < An attempt was made to change the( system in regard to the distribution of ballot papers. The clause relating to this subject provides that the returning-officer or his deputy shall give a ballot paper to each voter who requires it, " or if such voter appears by the roll to be entitled to give more votes than one, then so many ballot papers as may be equal to the number of voteB which such voter so appears to be entitled to give." This is the practice under our own Municipalities Act. It was proposed, however, by a member of the com- mittee that the returning-officer should give a white paper to a voter having only one vote ; a blue paper to one having two votes, and a red paper to one having titree votes. It wag urged that by this arrangement a great deal of time would be saved in ascertaining the state of the poll. But the proposition was not very well discussed. It was opposed by Mr. Gillies, on the ground that it might lead to a violation of the ballot, because the officials would know in many cases how persons voted ! They might keep an account, certainly, of how many double and how many treble votes had been recorded, but that would not be a viola- tion of the secresy of the ballot. It is to be regretted that it is not recorded how the honor- able gentleman arrived at the conclusion that the contents of a red or a blue paper coald be ascertained any more than the contents of a white one similarly folded and deposited in a ballot-box. Another speaker is reported to have opposed the amendment for a still more extra- ordinary reason, namely, that the votes were known now at almost every election ! '1 here fore, it was undesirable to adopt a plan which was proposed for the purpose of economising time ! It was alleged by a third member of the committee that a system of giving only one voting paper in all cases, and raarktng on it the number of votes, had been tried, and that it had caused more trouble and loss of time than the system of giviag a separate paper for each vote. Against this there was the evidence that in the Melbourne Hospital the practice of placing on the papen the number of votes they represented had been adopted with excellent effect. The system of coloured papers would certainly save time to the ratepayers, and also to the scrutineer» and returning-officers, if only a moderate amount of intelligence were brought into exercise by these officials. The amendment, however, was negatived, and so the slow and sure procesa is to be continued, and a man who has three votes must mark three separate and distinct voting papers. An amusing discussion occurred on the clause relating to the provision and mainte- nance of municipal offices and places of moe. ing. One member, solicitous no doubt for t»l fair fame of the aldermen, and desirous of keeping them away from the seductive influ- ences of public-houses, proposed the follo^yiag amendment :-" Provided that no meeting of the Council shall be held in any house licensed for the sale' of intoxicating liquors. Their bibulous tendencies were so¡marked that they were not to bs trusted within sight or smell of a rum cask1. No doubt there are objections to municipal meeting* being .held in taverns. It is not desir- able that petty contractor and workmen should be encouraged to loiter about public houses ; but there has never been shown any disposition on the part of municipal councillor* to hold their meetings in such places, and « seems the reverse of complimentary to m«w a kjgal provision of this kind. And further, to carry out "the object contemplated, it wouW ' V» rieceesary'to provide ttiat nwtaicipal meeting" ,»ri dis)tari,ce.tlfi.ajPllb^'i"n0Usev ou' tttetl in-some' ' places it would.be, difficult to procure suitable* ' premises, or to'pibvide'againBt the contingency that what was a legal pln.ce one week might be \- come tliepol the next by the opening of a house ' for solo by retail of fermented and spirituous liquors. Mr. Kerferd, one of the promoter« . of the-bill, put the Case very fairly when ho said '-" Could ' it be conceived that a corporation which had records and O'hej valuable doch -mente which required offices for their safo i .-keeping, wonldiselcct the bar of a-public-houso .fat thoir meeting place. of their own free . choice"? ' " This proposed legislation was a " Teflectiön upon these local bodies" which occii -."piêd a yeiy hohouiable and responsible position "iii the'country, t They could tax the ratepayers , and spend their] money as they pleased, and yet the committee was asked to say that the selec- tion of their place of meeting should not be \- left to their discretion." It was with some * -humour remarked hy one who took part in tho discussion, thatlif it was a question of drinking, " ~he might be allowed to say that he had been a member of a municipal body who " had their drinks brought to them from a house twenty yards off." The proposed proviso was of course negatived.. ?¡?isa--p-: \- . 'Sdtbbmb Court.-Business This Day.-Jury Í jCourti-ltonwick. v. Tho Borough of Randwiok; Fox v. « .'Wa-Meiland another; Venman» v.Fattorini. Banoo Court White v. Nicholl«,and another; Kdcroconibo v. Watson "'Gronowv. Perkins; Mort and another v. Barton and *" '«notho'r: Mort and another v. Barton and another. " VMsstor'sOflicn, ut 11 o.m. : Bucknel! v. Yiokery, adjourned -eimmin arion. ' Dibtriot Court. - Monday, November 23 : ^ Btherington v. Robinson, Coulter v. Wakoly, Saholei v. Binny, Jofferoy and another v. Batters; Ashlin v. \- M'Crohan; V/aUon v. Ooldio; Shying and othora r. -Cavanagh. Baitiht Church, IIarris-stbket, Ultimo. On last Saturday afternoon tho Kov. Allan W. Wohb, the " poator'of tho Harria-atrott Baptist Churoh, 1-iid tho fouuda ' a'tra etono of on addition to the building. Tho proceedings «ero commenced with tho singing of the 759th hymn ' "Riso OríoiouB God and Shino in all Thy saving might." The Her. ThornOB Johnson (minister of tho Bourko-ntreot ^Omrrretjational i Church) than road a portion of tho 29th «haptor of tho First Book of Chronicle«. The Bev. D. Fonwiok thon engngod in prayer. Ho thanked God thot by His graco tho peoplo worshipping in this placo woro about to extend tht ir boundaries ; und naked for tho Mossing «f the Almighty upon tho rainieter of the ohurph, that ho might bt> enabled, as ii faithful and devoted eorvont of tho TJotd Jesus Christ, to acfcom'plMi tho Lord's sorvioo, and to gnash tho work which Ho hud given him to do, with joy and .omfort. Mr. Josoph Palmer said that ho had to mention ^ffbat tho total cost of tho work which was now contom ' »iatod, inoludlnp; enlarged vestries and the reseating of tim i >ah»pol, would bo £600. Toward« this they had already reoetved oa«h and promises for betwoea £300 and £tOU. "The firat contract had been accepted for tho simple onlargo moot of the chapol for £390, and thoy would have tho other work done as sion as they saw their way clear. Tho con teniaUfed addition at tho io tr of tho building wa« 24 fool in . length. Tho following was thon road and enclosed in tho cavity of thefltone:-" Hirris-fltreot Baptist Churoh. To God m Christ, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost (with grato-, *' hil arknowledgmonls for -.rast help and humblo trunt iu Him for futuro blessings), this stonn is laid, this 21«t day -tf November, 1874, by Allan Walter Webb. This aot " »ablioly inaugurates tho work of enlarging this plaoo of worship by tho addition of '24 feet to its length and the * «reotionof moro oomruodioUB vestries. The ofHoers of tho church for tho timo being aro the Kov. Allan W. Webb, pastor; Mesan-. Thouin« Jones, Thom« Palmer, Bob3rt Bubb, Joseph Palmer, and Samuel Barton, deacons." Ino Bev. Allan Webb, having boon oallod upon, deokred Ina «tono to bo well and truly laid. Ho then doliyerod, an eloquent address, in which he «poko of tho extension a« in era in tho hintory of tho Chut oh ; narrated tha urgont rotwoM which had led them to consider the subjeot of , enhrgoment ; described tho doctrine and worship of the Ohuroh of whioh ho wan a minister-a Churoh whioh, hu \- «tia, waa admitted to bo a pattern of evangelical ortho ' doxy; and referred to tho work whioh had beon dono in ..oar-ecuon with his own Church. Tho company having retired to the ohuroh, whero addresses were doliverad, tha .JUt. Mr. Burdett said that their friend« in Harris-stroot ware worthy of much commendation and praotioal sympathy. It waa only some »oven or eight year« sihoo tho foundation .toas of tho present building had beon laid. The row JTMuleman concluded with an addross ou the subject of Christian worship. Mr. Joseph Paxton fol'owod, and iu the ooureo of an interesting address expresssd his groat ''-.«fsom for tho pastor of tho church, with whom he had .otne nraoh in contact during the past three years. Tho \- Jtev. Mr. Spurgeon, andhis preaching, having boen roforred * to by tho Rev« Mr. Webb in the course of his address. Sir. Paxton said that he would be glad to make ono of a team to', bring ont Mr, Spurgeon to this country for a twolvo month. i He believed that if thoy were to get him out ho ._ -would stir them up, and do thom much good. Tho Bev. Joseph Baratar .(incumbent of St. Barnabas ohuroh) ox *' preseed his pleasure at being present. He wa« glad to bl .i f-rmont at tho oroction of any building in whioh God's ' ".word would bo taught He always wiehod to be present with his brethren in the ministry of various denominations, ¡, and to meet them when ho could on a common platform, for the) bad all tho oue great end in view-the extension of the Bedsemer'ii kingdom. The Bov. Mr. Gardiner engaged . in prayer, and pronounced tho benediction, whioh oiosoi. ?1-he proceedings. . futrí at R&wKiiN.-Yesterday; morning a fire broke ont in ii weatherboard cottage in East-street, Red- fern, and, spreading to the cottages on either side, all three kuüdioßs woro destroyed. It scorns that the oottago in which tho fire originated was ocoupied by Mr. and Mrs. Fagan and child. A firo burning in the kitchen'was fanned ey th» Htrong breeze blowing, into a blazo, und suddenly caught nome paper hanging loosely from the wall. Instan- taneously the whole sido of tho wall was in llamos, and tho aro burnt bo fiercely that the inmates had only time to eacavotroni tho houro, when it was in a blaze. Indeod, Mr'.Fa-nmwiiB «lightly burnt before ho got out. The Uro rjptdlT entended to the house on the right, ocoupied by Mr. Hawkins, nnd to tho one on the left, tenanted by Mrs. Herbert, and both houses woro destroyed. Tho furniture was tuttily renieved by the ooenpants of tho houses. The Are wa» driven by the force of tho wind from Mr». Horbert' a d wol juig towards three) two-storied houses, tenanted by Messrs, nicholl, Carpontcr, and Roberts. Those sustained romo «»««go, but tho engines, having by this time trot into full t play, oneotnally checked the progress of the Hame'*, and soo» ettfognii-hod them. The furniture waa removed front . mese throe tonomenta. The houses destroyed, as well a» I. »ose partially burnt, were the property of Mr. G. N' ¿nagham, and wore insured in the Sydnoy Mutual Ollloes. " The («nahts wera not insured. Mr. Fagan lost everything ob hid, and tha occupants of the other dwellings sustained ooneiderable loss by damage done to their furniture while wang hastily removed. Tho houses being of wood, and very dry, burnt rapidly. Mr. Superintendent Bown, with we of biB engines, waa tho Urst io arrive at the seeae of 2°-o-1 ' ant" was 1ui°My followed by tho onginoé * Volnntoer Companies Nos. 1 and No. Ü. Tho supply of water from tho main was rather limited, but the engine« were kopt at work with water from the wells, and to the «tronuous oxortions of the firemen is duo tho safety of the aojou-ing buildings. Juet as tho engines wera about to bd .nroiight homewards a Aro was observed to bs burninjr at a uonsea oouple of doors from the Albert Ground, but it was soon enlinguished with huckelB of water. I Uic LvAOE.-On Saturday afternoon a four eared gig race, in Government boats, took place between ina employes of tho Australian' Bond and Messrs. J. |reeerandCo.'B bond, whioh resulted in an easy victory Jor the former. Tho course was from the red buoy olí {.ort Macquarie, round Goat Island, thence round Fort umistm, and pack to tho starting-place. At the start iïSKsrs orowgot away with a alight lead, but were MiaDio to maintain their position, for after a fow stroke« ?aeAuatralians gradually drew ahead and took nromier pssnion, which they maintained honcsforth throughout» (_*«_?' Eraser's men apparently had not praotised uiuoh! ?^tocr, for they pulled somewhat unequally, and wore , mÍi!? i-"0'm BU°h'good form as their opponents, who1 S^jT ? taw ?toady 8tf°ko throughout, gradually inoroaslBrr, we distance between .themselves and the other boat, until* »«y oyentually nrrived six nnd a half minutes in advanoo.i ifrar-'r.B.nwn» who pullod moat pluokily, appeared to havo, uanylwng, tho heaviest boat, but i6 is doubtful whether, "wy wouW hava done j much batter hud tho crews changed, fffT"- , Tho, steamer Our Quoon, and Mr. Macquarîa'ai tIT i2h Bonlto accompaniod the race. Mr. John! vivien acted as Btartor, and Mr. Macquarie as umpire. .JkTïB.N BY A Snake.-The Sovthev* Armt»' S^*all,,il,s intü6 hush on Thursday morning, a S .aort dwlance from vebero sho resides, near Currawa!«.' anfli!; i WM .att»cked without warning by a snake ! »omuhj e WSB- ,nd1n,cu uy tto poisonous reptile. Tho ( tóavTlTT? "noiediatoly made for home, and without . andlih«if, ifT íhe\n.JtVedportion of th0 lleab- was o«' .uwahfj0T? kePt»ell bathed so as to allow of froo WmXm tin<2ehhout ,namo4 Mrs- M'Quigau wm Sl^T.,"?11 administered brandy oontinu to oemTh?T0e'la(,''i,1,?a m06Bone°r was sent at onoo Whahfhon^,eto^B?0kc,tn! R8eist<"K» of Dr. Davidson. ÄinÄeadv'"ablB ÄrSS rLB.I.'nnB ?*?£ °°nv«yxl in the direction SalT vtSnM "i"8entITîn 8 a,boda« »° M t0 "horten the time m^L LdT,°-a bef0ro ?e °°uld meot his ¡"tending » the ros? ;Pi'4V,dBOn me-t h'r after travelling aomo mik» .2 »*uinlirS,d a1c,comPÎI"0».^ 'o Mrs. Day's inn, where ¡«JcSÄ.i^ amm.0,n,a íroa.ttn^t by hypodermic «Mterri °fcMl Ä'U oontinni58 *?» have stimulants ^ttheMrviceaof Trn^00,00»0^ ?n .to'Q°ilhnrn, so a»nd^¿Lô^?" *mBd,0',1 »"endaat might be near at «mndwSEi?^ ,ortal«t«iv was enabled »"return ttfhor »wetung u» the course of yesterday. i AoorDssBT»,-Yesterday the following persons wore taken to and admitted-into the Infirmary .'-John Bingham who tell.over the rook» in Sussex-street, and received oononasion of tho brain ;. Themas Logan who broke one of hi«. Lok« by tumbling down; and Bliaiboth Kidd who was suffering from bruises about her body, which rho roooived in a row with her spouse. ¡ A Fhkak op Natijre.-We have been shown a remarkable "sport" In the shape of a green flower, tho bloom of a pelargonium, one of the choicest in Captain Brooniüeld's collodion. It ha« at present four or fivo blooms without a tinge of colour other than that of the foliugo growing on tho same stem as somo of tho richest tinted of the now pelargoniums. This freak may not be unique, but ii is cortainly rurel ' The Victoria. Theatre.-This evening Mr, and Mrs. Hoskins oomnienee a short engagement prior to reauming their voyago to Now Zealand. Mr. Hoskins' claims to the position of ono of tho beat performers of genteel comedy aro not merely bai-ed on his Australian reputation. His wife, professionally known as Mi-a Colviilo, is a native of tho colonies, and has worked her way to tho front rank. Thoy appoar in tho " Sohooi for Scandal." Madame Anna Bisnor.-This talontod and world-renowned cantatrice will givo a grund ooncort at tho Masonio Hall, this evening, un dor tho patronage and'iri Êrcsenco ot his Exoolleuoy Sir Hcrculoa and tho Hon. Lady Lobinsón. Madame Bishop will bo assisted by a talontod company. Signor Morloy is stated to be an excellent tenor, and the instrumentalists aro Signor Giorzaand Mr. C. Las colics. The programme, which will bo found in another oolumn, conmina a good seleotion of oporatio and ballad mnuio, including Madame liishop'a speciality, " Homo, sweet Home." ' What Horses'will do when well-iíkd and rRor-KRLY ATTitmmn to.-A correspondent sends us th» following particulars of the performances of a team of five horses belonging to Mr. H. Rood, " express" carrior,of Wagga Wanga. Goulburn is 187 miles distant from Wanga-that roost important pastoral contre ; and Reed has made ton journoys to Goulburn and back (ouihraoinir. the worst part of tho winter) in twenty weeks. On two or three of his trips ho was bogged for two days at it tims, and yet mado each journey within n fortnight. His averago load has been two tons, and tho total number of miles travo'lod, say 3740\. From tho total days-ono hundred and forty-has to be deduoted thirty rest ¿ays, so that he has driven his team at the rate of thirty-sevon miles per day on an average of ono hundred und ten days. Reed has just now (Novoinbor 17th) returned from Goulburn in four and a half days, with a full cargo of drapery, fruit, and oysters, &o.;, having lbft Wagga on the 6th instant, and thus making tho fastest " express " journoy over knewn in these parts. As many persons will not beliovo such work can bo done, it may|bo as well to state that Mr. Reed givos his homes plenty! of t'orn, and never allows thom to wander away from the "feeder," to which they are fastened; he also furnisho-t each horse, ut night, with a blanket mado of canvas, lined with good drugget, and so keeps them wann and in con- dition. As a oonsoquenco, the "noblo" animals are able, and do tlicir v, ork in good heart-thoy are not more bladders on stilts. Ab to foed, tho weokly allowance has been las follows :-14 bushels of corn, 3 ewt. of_ ohaff (oaten when not cheated), 6 busbols of bran ; and, in tho coursa of tho twenty wooka, 16 buehcls of oats, and 8 bushels of wheat in addition. i A BILOELA GIRL.—The Goulburn Herald re- ports that at the Police Court on Friday Eliza Roberts, a girl about 19 years of age, gave herself up for protection. Defendant, who had been apprenticed from Biloela to Mr. T. McAlister, of Yalbraith, Taralga, came up by train on Thursday, and was met by her master, who at once started from Goulburn with his team, defendant accompanying him. After reaching North Goulburn, and when near the river, defendant left the team and returned to Goulburn. Mr. McAlister went after her and found her at the lookup, and she came away with him and remained at the Market House Hotel that night, starting the next morning for home. Before they had got far she returned again and went to the lockup, refusing to proceed to Teralga. Her excuse was that she saw her master when they came from the train go into a public-house and drink some beer, and that he smelt of spirits when she met him. The Bench said Mr. McAlister was well known to the magistrates as a respectable man, and one with whom any girl was likely to have a comfortable home. Defendant was ordered to be taken by the police and given up to Mr. McAlister, and cautioned that the police would have orders to watch her, and in the event of her not returning to her service, she would be severely punished. Extension of tub Great Southern Rail- way.-Speaking of the presence in-'Albriry nf Mr. John Whitton, Engincor-in-Chief, and Mr.' Herbert Power, C.E., of the Now South Wales Railway Dopartmout, tho Border Vost says:-"The objeot of the visit of these gentlemen appoars to be that of inspecting tho route of tho proposed extension of the Great Southern and Wostorn Railway from Wagga Wagga to Albury, and to report to tho Government the most snitablo places for railway sta- tions, the cost, and other information. The survoy of tho line is not yet finished, though the course of the route is marked out. But all the details will be ready in the course of two or throe months, as the Hon. Mr. Parkes is anxious to have all information, so as to ask ' tho faithful Commons ' to vote the supply before the seventh Parlia- ment expires. The engineering obstacles aro soarcely worth alluding to. There are no wide rivers to span, and Übe cutting in no placo will exceed 20 feet, and then the excavation will be availablo for filling hollows'. The exact length of the lino is 79$ miles, whioh, we conclude, will I cost about £400 000 at furthest. Wo aro within bonnds in Raying that Melbourno will be connected by rail' with Sydney before the end of 1876." . Dkath by Drowjsino at Shellharbour. On Monday afternoon last (says the Illawarra Meroury) a little boy, Bon of Mr. F. Aito, of Shellharbour, four years old, fell into a waterhole near the residenoo of his parents, and waa drowned. An inquest touching tho death was held on Tuoeday, before the district Coroner, Mr. H. Con- nel), P.M. Tho only witnoiw ' called was ' Mr. James Baxter, who deposed : Ho resided in a cottage alongside that ocoupied by the parents of'deceased; the little boy wa» watching him nt his work, and he lost saw him alive between 1 and 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 16th, when he in company with another ohild, about throe years old, went away ; ubout ten minutes after the children left him bo thought ho would look uftur them, and went out for that purpose ; seeing a boy named Albert Smith standing A fow yards from a wator-holo on hi« (witness's; premi«es,*he asked him whero Charley (meaning deceased) was : he said there waa something in tbo well ; he aiken hftn several times what wa« in the woll, for he could not understand him ; he thon wont to the water-hole and saw a handkerchief which was bound- round the head of deceased; ho laid hold,of the handkerchief and the hair of deceased's hoad, nnd lifted him out of the'water appa- rently quite doad; Mr. Wilson, tho mother of deceased, and himself used every moana to resuscitate the body, but without effect; the water-holo is not covered or fenced round ; it is 14 feet Jong, 10 or 12 feet wide, and 5 or 6 feet deep. Aftor a Blight consultation,' the jury returned a verdict that the deoeaied was accidentally drowned in an uncovered wator-holo at Shellharbour on tho afternoon of tho 10th November, 1874. ! Thk Fullbe's -Rhbf' Gold-mining-Companyi -An extraordinary general meeting of .the shareholders of this company was held ut the office of tho company in London on September 22, Mr. H. Tyler in' the chair, to consider and investigato the position and management of the company's property. The chairman stated" that the directors"were prepared to afford evory information to the shareholders regarding the mine, and as to what had been done by them and the oommitteo at Sydney. Tho directors would bo glad to hoar any remarks from the shareholders,' and to give evory explanation that might be required. - Mr. C. Weatherly, as one who had called-the meeting, said that what they required was the truth as to the valuo of tho property, it having been stated that it was valueless, Tho prospectus represented it as a wonderful concern, lead- ing to the anticipation that very good returns on tho capital would result for many yoara. Since then thoy, had received very fow reports, and these woro to the effect that they could not find any quartz, or, if so, only of that quality that would not pay. Their only objost waa to get at the truth ; ho had no wish to say anything against the directors colloctivoly or individually, and he trusted nothing would bo said that day to give offence to the Board.1 He exonerated Mr. Rudgett with raipect to any remarks that might bo made with regard to tho" property as against the directora, ho not ' having had any share in the pro 1 needing» nt the Board meeting. Being a largo shareholder, and representing a considerable number of shareholders, he wag desirous of getting at the bottom of affair». Neither himself nor those he reprosented had any deeire ot turning out the dirootors to put themselves in. If it was decided that- tho mine was valueless, then it would have, to bo considered if. they should wind up or take nny other -step that , might bo considered désira- ¡ blé. If valuable, a 'radical change in the Boara! committco of management would bo nocessary. He thought' 'tho directora had been very remus in not publishing monthly statement« from tbo mine. Aftor some discussion,' in tho course of which Mr. Josephs spoke of the history of the mine, which, ho said, previously existed as the Denison Mining Company, it was agreed that a committee of inves- tigation should >be nppointcd, the, directors inviting that course, and promising to alford the committee ,overy facility ' foi- making their inquiry. Tho following gentlemen woro, appointed as tho committee ¡-Messrs. J. C. Goodall, J.1 Broderick, C. "Weatherly, and J. 0. Harrison. In reply to i questions the chairman stated that 366 tons of quart/, had' boen oruahed, whioh only yielded 30 ot*. 3 dwts. of gold, or an average of 1 dwt. 16 gre. per ton; Twenty tona of I quarts', had been forwarded to this country ; threo tons of ! this quantity had been crushed, with tho following results : i -1 ton. mark FR 1, yielded 2 dwts. of .fine gold; 1 ditto,, mark FR 2, 2 dwts. 12 gr«. ; and 1 ton, mark FR 3,15 dwts.-European Mail. ' i l Feoi-lb's CoNCEST-a-On Saturday evoning,, another of these excellent entertainments waa given in the I Temperance Hall to a large audience. Mr.WaUou.M.L.A., ' presided, and offered a fow introductory remarks, commen-, daluiy of the Saturday ovening people's concerts. The ¡ programme contained n,capital selection of songs and duets, beside» a trio and a quartette. There were also a couplo of j oredi table violin performances'by Mr. John Jones, and reoi-1 tatisna by Mr. "Wray. Tho . vocalist*,'.including Messrs. i Andrew, Fairfax«. Jackson, Ackland, lin. : Gray, Miss Wiuemun, and Miss Gertrude May, were not lea» »uooeesful than usual in winding the approbation of their audienpa ¡'the mktttWaàAWag'iuiâW+IVMiteACiï it wirU-ttaä-rved lo lie. Mis. CaUwell pro»Uc4 at the pianoforte. 