NOTICES TO MAÎÎIIÎBKB..- I SHOAL PATCII WEAH MAST III:AD ISLAXD.-Captail riillllps, of the M. l-'loruncs Irvin/f, reports havlDg, at abort low water, pausad over a shoal coral patch, with apparent!; slot moro than two to three fathoms -water over it. Mast Heat , .Jhland bearing oast j north, distant miles. Q. P. HI'.ATII Commander iii.If., Portmaster. Department of Ports one ./.Harbours, Brisbane, May 15,1871. . '?.."} \ '.BOCK, orr Sis JAMKS SMITH'S OROUP-OoMunhtXxi 1 XBLAHOS.-The master tíf.tho sohooner Io reports' thu"exist «noe of arock, willoh lsdry.at half-lldo, one milo from flu western shore of tho largest Island of the Slr James Snalth'f Group, Linne Foak bearing east northerly. G. P..HEATH, Commander H.N., Portmaster. Department of Ports and Harbours, Brisbane, May 15,1874. ' . WKECK or THU SciioOtfEit WALLABY.-NOWS has bcoii recolved of tho wreok of'thc Bohooncr Wallaby, of Sydney ^ on the Blohmond llivor bar. lt is supposed that tho wreok will'bo a . total one. .- . r Aahlp possad Sydney Heads yesterday, bound south.1' The Lady Youugleft tho Fi ;ts, Hockhampton, on edna«, day, 13ihMay,at8 a.m., arriving at Dladstone at 4 p.m. ; left at 5.30 p.m. sumo date; anchored off tho Burnett Hirer on Thursday, 14th, at 3 a.m. ; willied and ai ri reel atBimdaberg at 0.30 a.m..and loft at 8 a.m. sume date ; arrived at M'iry . borough a-7 p.m., and loft on Friday, Ililli, at noon ; atiehorctl . Ia Tin Can Bay at Í p.m. ; welshed and crowed Wide Bay bar on Saturday morning, 18th I mrant, ut 6.30'a.m., arriving at ' Brisbane at 0,30 p.m. asme date ; left Brlsbano on Tuesday. V* lOtli, at 0.20 p.m., and marl., fast to company's wharf, Thurs \- day, 21st, at 2 p.m. Experienced modaratrj south to south ?''.' westwlndsund fine weatherthroughout thopassagc. ? ??? The steamar Wentworth cloarcd Port Phillip Heads at 6.30 ' p.m on the lDth ; rounded Wilson's Promontory at 3,40 u.iu. on the 20th,- passed Gabo Island ut 0.45 a.m. on the 31st : ' enterad Port Juokson Headsut midui^liton21st. Experienced fresh north-nortti-wsst winds and har y weather to Wilson's ; Promontory; from theneu to Capo Howo terrille galu from 1 aóatli-weut, with tromeudous sea aud thick rainy weather; " slnoe than moderato north-north-west nud variable. ' < Tile crew of the immigrant ship Goldon Sea, now lying In Wellington quarsntlne. aro In a state of mutiny. Tiley finio . broached tho cargo, and threaten to burn tho vessel. Tho . Luna'has just left with u detachment of armed constabulary . to take thu mutineers into custody. Eleven or thu Ooldea \- Bea crew were remanded till to-morrow, for broaching cargo, r They tried to mob the captain, who (ired his revolver at one, ' and knocked another down with tho butt- end.-Canterbury y Tima Mayo. . The screw steam dipper ship Northumberland has had ' quick discharge with lier inward cargo, and n considerable ? portion of her homeward freight Is ulsocugagcd andon board. Tho steamer Bulli lias also arrived with tun first instalment . :? ot coal for thi home voyage and matters oro so far In train \- that this favonrho steamer will bo able to leavo for London on .- tho..date announced. . In addition to a full cargo tho . Jffbrtliumbcrl.iud wiil havoa lar^o number of passengers of .' all classes.-Argui. Mny 18. ;:TÍIB YVitacKS AT OAMAJIV.-The Korth Otago Tim's o tho Otb, glvea tho following account uf tho wreck* which tool Íilaoe at Oamaru on Saturday lasti "No forewarning of tin mpeodiog dlsa«torwas given,thnglnssbaing high audateady . * oánU th« aftornoou of Saturday, when heavy rollers bogan t< conio'iho'rne, indicating thut there had been liad weather out -aldo.',.Thora »du not a breath of wind, and M thu bay crail ii ally'becamo filiert with n lone; rolling swell, uncoiiifoitnbli apprehensions began to he entertained for the shipping lyln^ : at, the Inner anchorage. This ls precisely tho sort of wcatboi . most dangerous boro, and at places nimlfarly sltuntod, na lt is . I inpossible for vessels to work out, and their safo'y entirely . dopends lipon thc bolalng powor of their anchors and chains, . Oaptald.: 6awoff. Harbour- master, was on the qm vive . throughout tho aftornoou and evening to signal -, 'tao.''Vessels to stand to noa tho moiuout a brco/.c .sprung dp ; hut it « vain whistling, not the ghost of a wltid oould bo raised Thora woro lying in tho hay, : «t the outer nnohorago, tho barquo Hose. M., Captain lill . patrlok, from Dunedin, loading produce for Auckland ; and .at Jtuo Inner anchorage, tho brigantina JSinutons, Captain Mathieson, from Dunodln, loading for Wellington ; tho , .throo-masted aohooner Ocean Ware, Captain Mann, from ?. Xiyttelton, wllh ooal,discharging : tho schoonur.H lvttcrprlse, loaded for Wellington ; and Janot Harmar, from Diiuodlu, ' dlsoharglng : Bud tho cutter Hope, also from Dunedin,di.i .Oliirglng. At about half-past 8 p.m. lt wnsoli.orvod that the Emulous was dragline, and about half nu hour later tho Ooean Wave bet;an milting rupldlytowurds th« beach. Guns wera then tired for tho ltoclict brigade, which quickly ns 4 enibled, and nil tho apparatus was got out rcudy for use, ~ About half-past IO o'olook thc aehouuer got Into tho ' reakcrs, and shortly attcrwards took tho ground, A lino was «cut to -. her by moans of tho rookot npparatuH, the Hint r o'tot carry lng <-ltr oloan across the ridging. Tho hauling nboaid ? of J i the . hawser and tho lifo baskot was hut tho «rork 1 of a fow moment', nud ono by ono -^-theoraw (seveu hands ntl told) wore hauled wifuly a-ihoro >. Captain Manu belog lust to quit tho vessel, which wnsa hope- ólos» wreck. Mo sooner had the ropes used by tho Brigade . k-eou coiled lu raadincrathan it was evident tfrnt they would bawantetl for the limul jus. willoh lind dragged in to within » aoouploof uablos' length of tho shore, und was hurnfug .oolonrod lights as sigua!» of ill.H I M. At about iiildiilghi she grounded about.her own length astern or thu Ocoau Wave, otb vessels lying nearly opposite tho Scotch Clinrcli. 'hiing \- light in tho water (having only «orno fio toiisrnrgo on board), 'i UiebrigauMjio was drlvon higher up on tho heaoli, and sus \- fained fur lesa Injury. Again tho llrst rookot carried liol' a . -line, and tho wholo crow (eight banda nil told) were landed ' without joddent, ono only of them notting n dunking nn thu . Tvayfrom tho ship's »l«"c to Hie beach. Captain Mathieson wantha last to lcavo tho vc.ncl. Hearty olwn wore given .Whorl.tbo lust man had boen safely lauded. Homo anrlety was then, fo't for tho harquo Itnsu M., which lind -drifted : in '.considerably. A» soun os daylight per . «milted, tho Harbour linn tor, Unding thc ship riding by , .a singlo onchui', rdirnallcd her to lut a° Ibo second, ., 'übe order waa obeyed, and thc barque brought up. Tho llttlo OHttor Hope got out about ll o'clock p in. on Saturday, nud . , thc'other véasela, ii breeze aprlnging up, put to sea on Sunday morning a llttlo hoforo 3 o'olook. On bJaturduy night, nt obi» , Udu, a heavy south-east sea suddenly set In, and tho six , voaacla In tho hay wero ojulokly placed In jeopardy, Ibero , bolus llttlo or no wind. Tho Hope, Enterprise, mm Janet . Ramsay succeeded In getting out before midnight, hut tho -Ocoati Wave, coal-laden, from Lyttclton, came on K li oro uortli of the Lagoou, and is a total wrook. l'art, of Ibo cargo waa savod. Tho refuel is illumed for X1200 lu Ihr South llrlllsh. The Kmulcm followed on hour later. Her cargo vms 4S tons of Hour. ' It has been got out, und li not much damaged. It, ls Inaurod In the Kew Zealand oilico. Tho vessel la hollevbd to he Insured In t'.io Pnoltlo. She la not much injured, nnd may possibly be cot off.Tho barque' Hose M. rodoit ont, with two anchor« down, und a very largo soopo of cable. Thu seals now going down. - , . . j 