JOSH BILLINGS ON "DISPEPSHE," Dear Barker : I hav been a praktikal dispeptik for'27 years and four months and it would hav been mnnny in my pocket if I had been born without enriy stnmmuck. I have prayed upward of one thoa« sand times to be on the inside like SiA ostrich or. a travelling colporter. I hav seen travelling colporters who could eat as much as a goose. I hav seen a goose eat till he couldn't stand up enny more, and then set .doWn and eat sum, and then lay down and eat sum, aud then roil over and eat sum more; I have tried living on filtered water ond going barefoot, for the dispepshe, and that did'nt hit the spot. I have soaked at water-cure establish ments until I was so limber that I konldn't git myself bak again inside OV mi Baldwin apparel. I bought a saddle-lioss once, who was got up expressly to kure the disease in 90 days, or kill the boss. He waz warranted to trot harder than a trip-hammer, pull wnsser on the bits, stumble safer down hill, than any other boss on the fultstool. I rode the hoss until I woz of a jelly, and then sold him, bridle and ali, for sixty-eight dollars, and got sued by the purchaser, and had to pay him 90 dollars and sum cents dammage, hekause tho hoss had the " uiroskys," a disseaze I knu nothing about. The hoss and fixings cost me 450 dollars gold. I konuacted for eleven kords of hickory wood, kross-grained, and as phull of wrinkles as an old cow's horn, and sawed away three months on it, and the pile seemed to gro bigger every day. I finally gave away the saw, and what wood thare waz left, to save- mi life, and sat down diskonraged, a square victim to tho everlasting dispepshee. I have lived at the sea-side, and gam boled with the saline flood, until i waz as well pickled as No. 1 salt mackerel. I have dwelt at Saratoga, and taken the water like a mill, and still had tho dispepshee. I have walked two miles before break fast, and then ett a slice of dri toast, and bail the yelk ov a pullet's eg, and felt all the iitne as weak as a kitten that had just cum out ov a fitt. I have laid down more than 2 thousand times, and rolled over once a minute all rate long, and got up in the morning like a korpse, and thare didn't n dliini; seem to ail me enny where in particlflar. I hav rod whole librarvs on the stnmucli and liver, and when I got thru, i knew a great deal less what was -the matter uv mo than when i begun. I have drank wbiskce with roots in it emiff to carry off enny bridge or saw mill in the country. I hav worked on a farm for my vittles and board, and dieted on fride pork and ri bred until I was az thin az the sermon of a 7 day baptist preacher. I hav dun all all theze things and 10 thousand other things just as ridikilus ; and I havo got the old dispopshee yet, just az natral and az thik as the primpleS on a 4-ycar old goose. If you git a good hold hold ov dis pepshee once, you kant never Iooze it entirely ; it will cum round once in a while like a ghost, and if it don't scare yu so much az it did once, and make yu think yu are going to die to-morrow, it will make you feel just as sorry. 