FATHER GRASSI. Tho following IS a translation of a letter from I'aolo Grassi, Roman Chevalier, Ex-Priest and Beneficed Clerk of the Patriarchal Basilica Liber- ana, to his Eminence and Most Reverend Cardinal Patrizi, Yicar of the Diocese .and City if Rome Your Eminence, — Separation has always been .nost p.ainful in the order of nature ; but it has ilways been determined by an impelling power zii which the old bond of connection can oppose 10 valid resistanee. This superior power is .ound in violent diseases, which, in quenching .ife, separates the father from the son, the hus- b.aiid from the wife ; it is found in the impetuous wind, which severs the branch from the. tree ; it is found in the hand of man, which slays the wild beasts, or breaks in many pieces the rock. That which happens in the animal and (irgauic system is verified .also in the moral ; and it is not seldom that men who have even for many years folloaved a certain line of conduct .abandon it, in order to cultivate different and itteii opposite ma.xims, discipline and ideas. In uich a phase I am at present, your Einiiience. t have been educated in the bosom of the Roman Church, where I was initiated into the priestly .'iffice, aud received holy orders, and have always been surrounded by loving care and attention liy my superiors, so that to the present I liave fulfilled the charge of a beneficed clergyman of the Basilica Liberiana in this metropolis, where 10 one Jwould prevent me continuing a peaceful and tranquil life. " Man doth not live by bread alone," said our Lord Jesus Christ ; and the ex- , igencies of moral life, I add, are much more powerful and irresistible than tlie wants of material life. In virtue oi them, therefore, and by the irresistible charm which the same exer cised over my soul for some time, I have at last determined to ab.andon the Papal Church, in order to enter and befiome a member of the Apostolic Church of Christ in Rome. Tho secession has certainly not happened with my paying large tribute to the impulses of my heart. The inward struggles with which I have had to contend before coming to the aiiovc resolution have been ti'cinemlous and violent, but, " finally, reason conquered (or became supreme) ; truth triumphed over error, hypocrisy, and imposition, and therefore, praising the blessed God for His special grace towards me, convinced in my mind, and witb conscience of fulfilling a sacred duty, I bid adieu to the past, to the old prejudices, to the inveterate habics, in order to advance with courage in the " new and living avay " in Jesus Christ, wliich alone reunites us to our Redeemer Christ Jesus, the only haven of salvation,, only anchor of hope, and only fount of all goodness , and happiness. In an age and amongst a. nation, the majority of whom have been reduced to indifference in all that regards religious beliefs, by the faults of the Roman Church, my renunciation shall certainly not be to awaken the surprise or attract in any way whatever the attention of the multitude. Nevertheless there will be some of the abject ones (or inisiilanimous), who will cry, what an apostasy ! what a scandal ! Therefore, in order to justify myself before them ; in order to show that my determination has not been moved by enmity against those who have hitherto been my equals or superiors in the ecclesiastical hierarchy, not by worldly, liut solely by religious motives, and dispositions purely spiritual, I will briefly iudicate by jiar- tieulars iu reference to the same, praying God that as they have convinced me, they may also persuade all others avho arc disposed and wander ing away from the path of truth and salvation. Above all (or before all) I feel it expedient to explain in a few words how I embraced the oUice of the priesthood in the Church of Rome, -t happened to me as it happens to all those avho enter upon the same way. It is very rarely BT.ytii m w— MBBwnewa!— g«— swam unjwi jcwwyawtigwim; ill fact it scarcely ever h.appens, that an adult, avlio has a knowledge of the world, and has ac quired a full development of his mental faculties, decides upon entering the priesthood in the fJhurch of Rome. If the Curia liomana pro scribed that no one should avear tiie religous gown, of avhatever colour, or eater an ectlcsi- astical institution before that age in avhicli an individual may be tho arbiter of his oavn affairs .and of himself, that is, at Jcast at tlic .ago, thougli as yet immature, of twenty-one years, avc may be sure that the black cohorts over avhom it exercised for ages its absolute and despotic empire avould lie much diminished if not altogether deserted. Tills truth, well knoavn to the Roman Curia, made it determine in time to erect establish ments for novices, and seminaries, the names of avhich inform us how in those places, as a tender plant and almost sown, is the man pre destinated to seram its objects, to form its militia and maintain its doctrines. The child thrown avithin those avails by ignorant parents interested or deluded, everyavherc is surrounded by teachers choson to teach him in a given order of ideas and doctrines, by certain and determined books ; a'oid of all freedom, he groavs iu an atmosphere altogether artificial ; time and habit take it a necessity to him to breathe this foul air, as water takes the hue of the amsc in avhich it is placed. Life in the present age is full of dangers to the soul, as a dense forest of bayonets would be to the body. Yet the priest is depicted as a being superior to the angels. These dare not look upon the diadue countenance of tho Lord J esus, avhile the jiriest is given to understand that not only can he make Him descend from lio.aven at His avill ; but that he feeds on His flesh and drinks His blood. With so many evils on this side, and so many attractions on the other, avho is the unfortu nate young man tiiat, placed iu such condition, does nut acceit the ecclesiastical profession, in spite of the poaverful and terrible, though con fused, voice of nature protesting to the contr.ary? This is my history ; and is also tho history of all that are bound by the chain of holy orders, and subject to that yoke under which all have boaved their head, unconscious and deceived. The young iiriest leaves the seminary .and enters the avorld, to him till then uukiioavn. All ! how many deceptions, how m.any delusions how many griefs await him. The light daavns upon his sight, the ti'uth knocks at tbo door of liis mind, as by intuition lie uriderstands tho snares laid for him, the deceptions of avhich he lias been the victim. He reads independent (non part) books, he examines the sacred writings, and discovers th.at those avho have pl.accd him in this false position have been and are guided by aamrldly motives ; history tc.aches him hoav the Roman Rontiffs havo for so many centuries held the scejitre anil drau'ii the saa'ord by that hand avhich should -have boon raised only iu prayer to God and blessing man; all his surroundings manifest that the Roman Curia employs its power only in recovering its lost temporal dominion, even by a hecatomb of human victims. On the other hand, he is re minded of our divine Master's avorils — " My kingdom is not of this avorld," as also the words "Render untoCaisar the things which are Cies.ar's, and unto God the things avhich are God's." Ho perceives that for him alone it is a crime to pronounce a avord avhich is dear and savcet to the heart of everyone, I mean theaa'ord country ; ill such amazement and coufusion of iileus from the bottom of his soul he curses him avho led him to this jiainful position, but how can he withdraav ? Becoming calmer, he reflects that he is now a priest. To retire, he must overcome a basliou of prejudices, shock and displease relatia'os, and despise interest, to enter upon an uncertain future. At an age avhen 3'outh is spent, it would be most difiiciilt to acquire'aneaviiositioii in life. Enclosed by so many inexpugnable bar- ."icrs, the poor priest recloses his eyes to the light, he sufibcates the remorses of the soul, the feelings of the heart ; he becomes tetr.agonal to the voice of humanity and progress : throavs away his books, or studies them only to deluitc iiiuiself and deceive others j and, resigned, he submits to the position made him in society, tcavard avhich he is always irrcconcileable, as if to revenge himself for the avrongs sulfered. '.LMieii he becomes by necessity that which from his early youth he avas destined to be — a blind instrument of the Curia lioinana, believing, or fiigiuiig 10 believe, .all it commands him to believe, teaching avhat it prescribes, and avhon necessary conspires even against the security and integrity of his oavn country. This is why tlie greater part of tho priests continue to lill the ranks of that militia avhich the Papacy ever uncouples against any who seelc to make trium- pji.ant the doctrines of Christ and His Gospel, which breathe peace to the soul, gentleness of manner, progress, and humanity. In spite of the above enumerated obstacles, by avhich I also have been surrounded, hoav did I resolve to shake off such a yoke ? For me also the decision has not been avithout difliculties ; and more than once have I throavn aavay impartial (non-party) books avhich con vinced ine that the doctrine of tho Roman Curia is not that of Christ, and 1 have longed to find the powerful liook that might convince mo to the contrary. One book alone I could not throav aw.aj', the Book of the Holy Scriptures. This is, I have iilways said to myself, the Book inspired by God ; in it are contained the maxims of the Redeemer, the Acts of His Apostles ; it there fore must be the touchstone that teaches to dis cern on avhich side is truth, and on avhich is error. I have read these passages avith joy and love, and in them I havo found conviction, strength, light, and life. In them I have learned to know Je.sus Christ as my only Saviour and Mediator, avho shed all His blood to purge me from my sins. In thgm I have listened to the amice of the beloved Shexiherd inviting me to Him for salaaition ; " belioa'e in the Lord Jesus and thou shalt be saved," I felt often repeated to my heart aadiile reading the Testament of Christ. Then I avould think to myself, ought 1 to believe? ."Should i not avork in order to believe? No ; the Word of God avould answer me ; " Thou art saved by grace through faith ; and that not of thyself, for it is the gift of God : not of works lest any m.an slioidd boast." Then I avould reflect : so the good avorks I have done, so many confessions, so many fastings, so many penances, so many masses, so much alms, have not saved nic ? No; "Man is justified by f.aith avithout the deeds of tho laav." Oh ! then I comprehend avhat Jesus did for me ; 1 aaent to Him avith my sin ; to Him, inviting me and calling me saying : "Come unto me aveary and he.aa'y hiden, .and I avill give thee rest." 1 accepted Christ as the propitiation for my sins ; as Ho who paid all for me, I believed in Him, and being justified by faith 1 have peace avith God. Your Eminence, 1 am already saved. I have noav (or already) eternal life. I feel it in my heart ; I feel the avitiiess of tho Holy Spirit avhich says to mo, I am the Son of God. I feel I am saved, and this certainty of salvation avithin me is so strong that I am ready to se.al this faith avith my blood. Who shall separate me from the love of Christ? shall tribulation? shall famine ? shall persecution ? shall death ? No ; neither death, nor life, nor height, nor depth, sh.all be able to sep.ar.atc me from the loa-e of God, aadiich is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Having arrived so far, I understood the ne cessity of good avork, not to save us, 110, for ave arc justified by faith ; but as a avitness of our faith and for our justific.ation before men. Then 1 understood that there can be no good avorks but- those th.at spring from a living faith avorking bj' love; and it is fortius motive, your Emi nence, that j'ou sec mo at this moment putting ofl' all things of the past and my old habits, that I may dedicate myself avholly to the service of Christ. I am not nioa'ed b interest, nor by any secondarj' and human motive, but only by the loa'c of Christ, avhich is in me and calls me to make knoavn to others the peace, the pardon, and the life avhich I h.aa'c found. 1\. then aiiplied myself more earnestly to the study of the Holy ycriptures, and found also the bride of Christ, the Church. I saav this church, avhich is the mystical body of Christ, and thci'efore tho complement of Christ, a\'ho makes it one complete and perfect in communion avith all His members. .He has become the head of all things in the church. He, the chief corner stone upon aadiich the building joined together, is rising into a holy temple of the Lord. He loved His church, and gave Himself for it, that He might sanctify it, purifying it by the Word of Life, and present it in His sight, robed in glory avithout spot or blemish, or defect, holy and immaculate. This church He has established as the pillar and ground of truth, that noav by the church it may be made knoavn to princi palities and poavers in heavenlj' iilaces, tho manifold avisdoni of God, and that throughout all generations, in all ages, the glory be to God in the church and in Chnot. True, this church is noav in the desert and iu solitude, but now is the assembling of the saints, and this church awaits the avedding-day of her bridcgi'oom, avhen at the sound of tlie trumpet, at the voice of coinniand, it avill be lifted up above the clouds in the air to meet the Lord, and avill then be avith the Lord for ever. We, avith the Word of God in our hand, recognise noav a vicar in this church. Ghrist has ascended into heaven, and His vicar has remained here on earth in the midst of his church, to teach, le.ad, and sanctify tnc faithful ; but, 3'our Eminence, this Vicar I do not find in the Vatican— 1 do not find it in t'lus IX. and his successors. Tho Vioov o£ Christ is the Holy Ghost. When I am gone I avill send you the Holy Ghost, said Christ, and He avill convince the avorid of sin, of righteous ness and judgment; He avill teach you all truth ; He sh.all glorify Me ; for He shall receive of Mine, and shml shoav it unto you. This Spirit is sent by Christ in the church,' tho abundant Comforter that it may multiply ; this Spirit unites to Christ in one sentiment and comumnion of heart all His brethren ; the Spirit bcstoavs His ififts in the midst of tho church, to some tho gift of the Word, some teachers, some pastors, and some proifliets, for the perfecting of die saints for the avork of the ministry, for tho edifying of the body of Christ, till we come in die unity of the faith and of the knoavledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the ine.asure of the stature of the fulness of Christ. — Eph. iv., 11, 13. Becoming more diligent in the study of tho Word," I fduiul that God being the Lord of heaven and earth. Ho davelleth not in temples made avith hands, neither is avorshipped with man's hands as 'though Ho needed anything, seeing He giveth to all life, and breath, and all things.— Acts xvii., 24, 25. Nor ought ave to vhink that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone graven by art and man's device. — Acts xvii., 29.- But Christ the only Pontifex of future blessings is the excellent and perfect tabernaclo not made avith hands, in avhom davelleth all the fulness of the Godhead, and all Christians aaiith Him are tho chosen generation, the royal priesthood, the holy nation, tho peculiar people ; and all those avho are led by the Holy .Spirit to 'the living stone, avhich is Christ, are as living stones built upon Him, as a spiritual house, as a holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifice, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.-l Peter ii., 4, 5. In the Word of God I have found but two sacriimeiits instituted by Christ — baptism and the LoiH's Sujiper. Baptism, or immersion, aa'hcn tho Christian has believed as it avas insti tuted and ordained by Christ, avas practiced by tho Apostles, and in the catacombs by the primitive Christians, as a avitness and obedience to Christ, as a figure and symbol of tho death and resurrection of Christ, of death .and burial to sin and resurrection to a neav life. The Lord's Slipper as a remembrance of the broken body of Christ, of the blood shed by Him for the remission of sins, and as a avitness left to tho Church, that by those symbols of bread and avino the Church might shoav forth the death of tho Lord till Ho comes. I have also examined the history of the PrimL tivc Church of Rome, and 1 found that she had 110 other faith nor hope but that avhich I pro- cured from the Holy Scriptures; yet how glorious avas tho avitness of that church in Rome whose faith ai'iis spoken of throughout the avholo aaiorld ! Hoav many glorious champions sealed this faith avith their blood I Then, by the grace of God, I decided to abandon all that had been added to the Church of Christ in these latter times, corrupting it and rendering it material and avorldly, and 1 return to the Church of the Catacombs, to the Primitive Apostolic Church in Rome. It is not I, there fore, avho have seceded from tho Church, but you have seceded from her. Descend, 0 Pope, 0 Cardinals,- 0 Bishops from your chairs, give way to Christ and His Holy Spirit, abandon that See which you have usurped, return to the ancient glories, to the ancient witnesses of Avhich this Rome abounds, and then I will be Avith you ; but as long as yon persist in staying f.ar from the true faith, _ and that you persist in your system.a,tic opposition to the true and only Church of Christ, I leaA'c you, I abandon you, for Ave ought to obey God rather than men. Let us confront so much simplicity, so much facility, so much modesty, so much gentleness of precept, Avith the complicated organisation of the Church of Popes, Cardinals, Archbishops, Bishops, Priimates, Archdeacons and Monsignori, with an affinity of xirivileges, attributions, juris dictions, and supremacies. Let us confront the poverty of the founder of Christianity and of his Apostles Avith the excessive riches, the pomp and pride of the Roman Chureh, and instead of finding consonance and uniformity betAveen them, we Avill find a continu.al .antithesis ! The latter is the negation of the former. Christ addressed Himself to the minds and the hearts of the people, convineing and converting them by the divine precepts of the sacred Scrixitures, by exhortation and example in holy life. The Church of Rome only appeals to the senses by the pomxis of its xh'cparations, by elaborate music, by statues of the famous artists, and paintings of the most renoAvned painters. In Holy Scripture there is no mention of mass, purgatory, indulgences, jubilees, or auricular confession ; .and such institutions have no cause to exist, for Christ has immolated Himself for the salvation of man. Yet for centuries they flourished in the Church of Rome ; and for aa'hat object ? It is XLiinfnl to say so, but it is no longer a mystery to any one that such cquixiages have had and have ho other object but to seize property, and to become ihe arbiters of the mind and conscience of individuals. It Avould be difficult and almost impossible to enter minutely into subtle disquisitions in a simxile letter. 1 might quote abundance of passages from authors ; but I will x>Rss over them, considering it vain pride. Tt sulliceth me that I h.ave concisely indicated hoAV the Church of Rome has aban doned the principles of the Gosxiel. Its aberra tions have gone so far, that she has lost the cohesion and the poAver of the principles of a divine religion ; it had to make use of the m.ateri.al force and of the temporal dominion to retain that of the spirit, as it has availed itself of the latter to suxnjort the former. Hence the continual Avars in Avhicli it has been involved ; hence the famous massacre of .St. BartholomcAV and of the Albigenses ; hence the hundreds of thousands of victims immolated on the stakes by the holy Inquisition in the name of Him aa'Iio, dying, pardoned his crucifiers. As long as the Roman Chureh could domineer by political cunning, by alliances, by poAver, the stake and excommunic.ations, .she alloAved Savo narola, Arn.aldo da Brascia and others to xireach, knoAving that at any given moment she could burn their bodies and scatter their ashes to the winds, Avithout the least commotion amongst the mob, accustomed to tremble in her xiresence. Decreasing in the changes of time even this ignorant submission of the multitudes, she saAV no other means of escape but by the diffusing of ignorance. Hence a continu.al fury to extinguish every rising idea of progress, hence the uisti- tution of the index, in Avhich more than ever is registered or marked the Bible, if not adorned or exxiounded in her oaa'ii Avay : as if the Word of God needed interxireters to be understood, or had Sot sufficient poAver in itself to enlighten the mind even of the least intelligent. But some thing more Av.as the hidden cause of so much unqualified ostracism. A diseased eye endures Avith pain the light, and the oaa'1 hides at the rising of the sun. The Roman Chureh, conscious of not being able to maintain Imr doetrines, her rites, and institutions, in comparison aa'ith the xirecexits of the Bible, has ended by forbidding the reading of it in that language in Avhich alone it can be understood by the people and the multitude. Having brought things to such an extreme, . a Chi'istian avIio is anxious for the salvation of liis oaa'ii soul must decide either to remain Avith the Church of Rome .against the Bible and against God. or be with the Bible and in the Church of Christ, Avithout the Rom.an Church. In this alternative I could no longer hesitate, and I have turned mind and heart to the Axiostolio Church of Christ Avhich retains Avitli proper a'cneration the Holy Scriptures, and in conformity witli Avhich, inculcates and executes in its purity and simplicity the precepts of the Divine Teacher. I believe thus to have fulfilled iny duty, andnoAV I take my leave of your Eminence, and of the Roman Church, pi'RYing =be Heavenly F.ather, that as he has enlightened me, he may also enlighten your Eminence, also the sacred college and clergy to return to the glorious''times of -the xu'imitive Roman Church. And this special xirayer I offer to the Giver of aU good that it may please Him to bless and enlighten Pius IX. Oh yes ! let me hope that noAV th.at he is laden Avith years and on the brink of the grave, he may remember the harm ho has done to Christ and to His Church, and that he may return to the arms of the Saviour avIio is Avilling to receive him, .and ni.ay his last aa'or.ls not be maledictions and excommunications, but Avords of love and peace, c.alling the erring ones to rexjont and folloAv Christ, that soon there may be one fold and one shepherd. God grant it. Your Eminence's most humble SerA'.ant, P.VOLO C.VA'.VLIEUE GR.VSSI. Rome, 21th Sexitembcr, 1873. 