ITALIAN OPERA.-' DON GIOVANNI.' Mozart's greatest work, ' Don Giovanni,' was brought out at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening with the following cast:— Don Giovanni, Sitrnor Coliva: Don Oetavio (betrothed to Donna Anna), oignor uoy; tne commandant oi aenue, Signor Fiorani; Leporello (servant to Don Giovanni), Signor Dondi; Masaetto (a peasant, lover of Zerlina), Signor Baldassari; Donna Anna (daughter of the Commandant), Signora Marghe rita Zenoni-Gamboa; Donna Elvira (the neglected wife of Don Giovanni), bignora Augusta Corsini Baldassari; Zerlina (a peasant, betrothed to Massetto), Signora Coy. There was a very large though not such a crowded attendance as might have been expected in consideration of the excellence of the opera. It may fairly be doubted if a greater musical treat has ever been given in the colony. The opera may be regarded from three distinct standpoints— first,! as it presents itself to the perceptions of the musician ; second, as to its dramatic merits ; and third, as to the manner in which it was performed. Respecting the music, every one who had the pleasure of hearing it on Tuesday evening must have felt its freshness, its intellectuality, and its power. Mozart himself was intensely sensitive. It is recorded of him that even when a child harsh or discordant tones distressed him exceedingly, and his own compositions are clearly the product and outbirth of a mind exquisitely attuned to the sublime, the beautiful, and the true. In regard to the music of ' Don Giovanni' in par ticular we cannot do better than reproduce the following estimate of its character made by an English musical cntic of some eminence, who 6ays:—' The composer exhibits throughout the work the most (romantic imagination; and in the awful accompaniment to the reply of the statue we have a specimen of composition replete with terrific expression, but at the same time perfectly free from inflation or bombast. The ghost scene in the last act may be con sidered as the greatest effort ef dramatic compo sition. Well has the style of Mozart been described as kthat of Shakspeare in mu3ic. The fear of Leporello is painted with true comic spirit — a thing rathor un usual with Mozart— but melancholy is the prevailing passion in this masterpiece; and so strong, so distinct, and so real is the imagery in which it is presented to the soul that minds possessed of the least enthusiasm are sure to be moved.' In addition to this estimate of the opera, we may add that the composer has shown the fertility of his genius in every scene. The melodies are models of elegance, and the con :erted pieces are really splendid. With respect to the dramatic merits of this Dpera, the plot itself is founded on a tradition respecting a dissolute Spanish grandee, whose raiantries terminated in the manner portrayed. The libretto was written by Lorenzo da Ponta, and in the Italian version it is said to be singu larly poetic in ite diction. The action rapidly changes 'from grave to gay, from lively to Bevere.' Human nature is presented under many aspects, yet the general design is strictly preserved. It must be admitted, however, that it presents but a sorry picture of Spanish morality, and there can be but little doubt tint had Mozart happened to have been born a century later he would have selected a theme more in accordance with his own tastes and intuitions. As to the performance, we are sure that all who were present will agree with us in opinion that it was exceedingly good. The several artists seemed determined to do their best, and to set adverse criticism at defiance.. It will | be seen from the cast given above that a new candi date for public favour appeared. Signora Baldassari has a fine soprano voice, of consider able compass, remarkably flexible, and singularly sympathetic. The Signora made a very favour able impression upos the audience, and seemed to excite some surprise that she bad not appeared before. It is scarcely necessary to refer to the many excellencies of the performances in detail. Signor Coliva scarcely looked the character of the volatile Don. His singing, also, was we think too sombre and spasmodic ; yet the Signor threaded the intricacies of the part with exact precision, and was several times deservedly applauded. Signor Coy as Don Oetavio had a subordinate part allotted to him, but he was very effective. Signor Fiorani had scarcely fair play allowed him. Tn the celebrated banquet scene, in which the interview of the marble statue with the voluptuous Don is supposed to ' freeze his young blood,' and to thrill the audience with emotions akin to terror, the weird accompaniment was performed by the orchestra so loud as to render the interlocution almost inaudible. The band is deserving of all praise for its skilful instrumentation; but Pro fessor Zelman seems quite unable to restrain the tendency of the performers to play every move ment as though it were marked f-f. The part of Leporello found a capital imper sonator in Signor Dondi, who was fre quently and deservedly applauded. Signor Baldassari was quite at home as Massetto. His singing was correct and effective, and his acting quite in keepiDg with the character. Donna Anna found an efficient representative in Signora Zenoni. Her singing was reallysplendid. It may be taken for granted that Signora Coy made a very fascinating Zerlina. The Signora was the first to call forth a demonstration by her elegant singing of the air ' Batti, batti, O bel Massetto;' and in every subsequent scene in which she appeared her tasteful vocalization was invariably admired. We congratulate the Company on their success in the presentation of this splendid opera, and venture to predict another very large attendance on its reproduction to-morrow evening. ' Le Nozze di Figaro' is to be repeated to night. 