IRELAND. SEEMON BY THE VERY BEY. THOMAS BUBKE,- O.P. ? ' - -«a^- — . (Mayo Examiner, January 26.) The following is a report of a sermon de livered at tlie opening of the organ in Ballina Cathedral by Father Burke : — Ia the Name of the Father,, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Arnen. 'I have loved, O' Lord, the beauty of Tliy house, and the place where Thy glory dVelleth.' These words, dearly beloved brethren,, are taken fi-nm £lif» TinnTr nf Psalms, mirl if* w£» aoL- rmv_ selves what is the beauty of the House of G-od which the Psalmist declared that he loved, I answer that it is the beauty of divine worship. Dearly beloved brethren, the Almighty God has many claims upon man— upon our gratitude for the benefits we have received from Him, our deep sorrow for the misfortune of having offended Him. But amongst the many claims that God has upon us, the very first of all is the claim of adoration and worship. He is our God — our Creator. He is infinite in perfection, infinite in wisdom, infinite in power, mercy, andlove. TheveryfirstthingtnatGoddemands of man is that we should admit and recog nise these attributes of God, arid recognising them, that we should bow down and adore, them. Therefore, dearly beloved brethren, the Holy Ghost tells us in Scripture that, if any man wish to approach God the very. first, thing that is.necess'a'ry is to know that 'God is what He is.', .This virtue is .called reli gion, oy wmen .we recognise ijoci in Jiim-, self, in His attributes, in His creatures ; and the first act of religion is the act of adoration and worship. .Now the Psalmist ,;who uttered these words had not yet 'beheld the glory of God, the temple of Jerusalem. That temple was not yet built, but was to be the work of his son, the great and wise King Solomon. But David saw it not, and yet he said, 'I have loved, O Lord, the beauty of Thy House.' He beheld it in the vision of his mind — he saw the sternness of its grandeur, the majesty of its proportions, the richness of its material. He saw there the gold of Orfa, the . scarlet twice 'dyed of Tyre, and the- .costly marbles taken out of the hearts of the hills, and he rejoiced because all this was fitting for the house in which the glory of the Lord God was to dwell. But above all things, dearly beloved, he beheld in the vision then in his mind all the tribes of Israel coming to Jerusalem to worship in the temple and adore their God. He beheld the beauty of adoration surpassing all other beauties of the House of God. He saw, as the vision extended before his pro phetic eyes,, the succeeding generations of true Israel worship there, and he rejoiced ; until at length he observed the Virgin letting in that Child who was God into His own House. Then it was that in the fullness of his prophetic heart he exclaimed. .' O Lord, I have loved the beauty of Thy House and the place where Thy glory dwelleth ; for lo. The Lord thy God has sent down His only Son into his own mansion ;' and then the vision extended tintil the end of all time, and the Prophet saw the fading glories of Jerusalem pass away. He saw the veil rent and the holiness depart from the House of God until tlie abomination of all desolation was there. He '^aw the -nlerriy 'seat13 emptied* of'tt^ '-pVwlti 1Cntt^itsv attribute, and he saw rise from out the ruins or lac one lcmpie or Jerusalem a tnousanci praises surpassing each other ia beauty and loveliness. He saw the ton thousand temples of the living God spring up imdor the sky. md everywhere the altar of sanctificationy r.he tabernacle of the Divine presence. Tbe zeal which made him rejoice in the beauty of be house of God sprang up again i» anothei* ?ind a greater and infinitely holier heart than ;hat of David — it burned m the heart of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, who was se- 1 zealous for the honour and beauty of Xlis I Father's house that when, he came, a strong nan in the violence and in the maturity ©rT ffis manhood, into that Temple of Jerusalem: ?xpecting, if you will, to behold the multi tude in adoration—expecting to feast his ' -'yes on the beauty, of worship, and He only (bund the moneychangers sitting at their tables, the merchants disposing of their wares,, and no man engaged in adoration or pra}'ei\\. Then, at this sight, the fury of God beamed forth from the eyes of the meek and humble Lord— then, with avenging anger, He took the cords, and plaiting them into a scourge lifted his right arm and scourged them oi t , of the Temple, saying, ' Begone, for i t is written, My House is a House of prayer,' but you have made it a den of thievea.' The . zeal that was in the heart of the Royal Pro phet King of Israel — the zeal that burned, m ? the heart, and was manifested in the action of the Lord . God made man — that zeal and , that spirit passed into the Church of God : ; for it is written in the Scriptures, ' Thus saith tbe Lord : My spirit shall rest upott . .you, and I shall put My seal upon you.' Therefore, from the very first days of Christianity to this hour, and as it shall be to the last of the world's existence, the first thought of every true hearted, right-living Christian man is the honour, the glory, and the beauty of the House of God, and the majesty of the place where His glory dwelleth. For this God like and Christian purpose, and animated, dearly beloved brethren, by this Divine Spirit, are you assembled here to-day around the Bishop and pastor of your souls. The same thought occupies your mind as his. The same love burns in your heart as in his — - the same spirit animates you as him ; that is,, the zeal for the beauty, the honour, the: majesty, of the House of your God. Yovt . , are assembled to offer unto the Lord the ?. instrument that shall resound for ever to .' His praise ; and in His name alone, you are assembled to hear this beauty and pay - this solemn feature of reverence to the House of God — 'to make it vocal with the voice of praise ; and this is but one of a. series of efforts which you are making to ac-' complish the beauty of this House of God, . Sacrifices require to be made, and you are not afraid to make them. Responsibilities and debts are incurred, neither you nor your bishops are afraid to incur them in so higlt and holy a cause, as the beauty of the House of God. And now, so much being said let us reflect and consider in a more especial manner that feature of beauty which your . zeal and your love have added to the House ' of i God. . I said,; dearly beloved brethern, thati worship was the highest act. of religion and the first duty that we owe to God. 5ow let us consider in, what. this worship consists . ,. It consists partly in labour of the mind-— - partly in the ? affections of the heart ; partly in the ? homage and ^adoration d' ) the whole man, both soul .and body. , Worship begins, with the mind: the intelli- : gence, believing, and bowing down before the- , truths of divine faith —of afaith without which it is impossible to praise God — of a faith with- . out which it is impossible to recognise the Almighty God, or form any adequate idea of His. self-existent and' necessary being. Secondly, however, the feeling must -pass from the mind to the heart. Faith alone,, dearly beloved, will never save us; be not. U.UL/C74 V CU.. JLJ.lt-. f^Ull|/LLti V '-S7 QJ *L »l-^ JiUVU faith strong enough to move mountains, ,and we have not the chai'ity of God, our faith avails us nothing. And did not our Divine Redeemer tell us that the devils also have knowledge and believe — that their .belief is so strong ^they tremble — but they have no lovev thei'efore they can never .approach to God, Divine charity, loving, purifying, whilst it ab sorbs, the heart of man, is a pure offspring of faith, and. this also belongs to divine worship Besides, the faith of the mind, and the love of the. heart, the Almighty God demands the homage of the exterior man. He demands , from us external and palpable acts of wor ship, such as that which the blind man hi . the gospel, paid to our Lord Jesus Christ. He opened the eyes of that blind man, and having opened the eyes of his body, He opened the eyes of his soul, saying to him, ' Dost thou believe in the Son of God ?'' The blind man answered, ' Lord, where is He that I may believe in Him ?' Christ answered, ' I am He.' * The blind man answered and said, ;' Lord I believe ;' and naturally and uecessarily the external act followed the avowal of faith; 'for,' says the Scripture, 'falling down He adored Him.' It came quite naturally. He said, ' Lord, I believe,' and in the next moment he was down on his knees adoring Him with faith, and believed. And I , ask you to reflect, if tho ; bli'ndi man ^refused to., knpjpl down and acjqre ^ 110$ eould 'we^say'ttaat lie was sih'cercTiii Ills ' belief? 'Dost thou believe in the Son of God?' says our Lord, and tho answer was, ' Lord, I believe.' If you bclievo iu Him you must adore and worship Him. The worship of tko external uaaiij tho bowiug down of tlio head and bending of the knee, is the necessary consequence of faifch, of the intelligence and love of the heart, and there fore it is that the Scripture tells us expressly \j the mouth of the Apostles that at the Sound of the name of Jesus, tvhich is above , all names the name, the only one given to man whereby we may be saved— that at the sound of that name every knee shall bend, in lioaven, on earth, and in hell. Worship, therefore, involves, dearly beloved, the mind, ? the heart, and the exterior man. Now, when Christ our Lord instituted the Chris tian religion, and when He formed His Ohurch, it was for the express purpose of Perpetuating for ever amongst men the knowledge and love and the worship of the Almighty God. Therefore the church of God is bovand to appeal to the mind, is bound to appeal to the heart, is bound to furnish with solemn liturgy the exterior -expression of her worship. She appeals to the mind, and that she might be able to make that appeal, Christ, the Son of Q-od, -put upon her lips the word of truth thatjwas never to fail — the word of truth that was the created faith in the mind and intelligence of men — the word of truth that was to be preached by the life of the church unto the end of time. There fore, St. Paul tells us faith comes by hearing — hearing the word of God. Therefore, Christ otir Lord said to His church, ' Go, preach the Gospel to every creature, and teach all the nations.' If the Son of God, dearly beloved, wished or intended to create only intellectual religion He woiild have stopped here. If He intended to appeal only to the mind of man lie would have stopped at the tradition of the word. The intention of our Lord Jesus Christ in found ing the Christian religion was to go further and deeper than the mere intelligence. It ?was to strike home for the heart. It was to penetrate the spirit and to pbtain pos session of the whole man, and therefore Ho did not stop at the mere granting of the word, creating light and faith, but he furnished his church with every means Tby which she can appeal to the heart — mov- ing |the spirit, bowing down the head, and chastening and purifying the body as well as the soul of man, and amongst the means ?with which God furnished His church to reach the heart and to strike the spirit of man in His worship, one of the most direct, one of the most powerful is the appeal which is made by the music of the church to the ear, and through the hearing of the heart of inan. Church music — the voice of praise lifted up in melodious chords, the swell of the sacred music, and the peal of the organ, bearing aloft the loud hosanna of adoration to. God, the soft, low, tender notes that steal through the senses into the heart of man, and draw us away from ourselves until we are altogether before God. A. mild strain that falls like the breath of God's angel's in its soothing influence on the troubled spirit, until we are truly called, lulled into that state of sacred rest that is necessary in order to hear the voice and realise the presence of God. The storm rushing notes that proclaim in voice of praise some strong emotion of joy, soma great event of revealed truth, some mighty mystery giving us triumph ever the enemies of God. All this interpreted by the Church's music forms one of the most powerful appeals which she makes in her ?worship to man — not only to his intelligence, but arouses the heart of man to the voice of the preacher proclaiming revealed truth as an appeal to your mind. He appeals to you with his i proofs, with his argu ments, with his denounciations, in order to create in your souls that amount of know Jedge without which it is impossible to please God! but the voice of the organ appeals rather to your hearts. Deep in nature, — deep in the nature of man is the appeal. Perfect is the wisdom which the Church of God manifests, and deep her knowledge of human nature when she brings to her aid through the car an appeal to the heart of man by the powerful help of lier ecclesiastical music ; for, dearly beloved, there is, perhaps, no feature in our nature so interesting to the philosophical student as the strange mystery of the harmony of man's soul with song. Every motion of the heart naturally find a its vent in some musical note. Thus when the Almighty God created in the beginning, the spheres moved in harmony under his commanding voice. All nature took tip its song, its melody of obedient praise and glorious thanksgiving to' Al ? mighty God. We have the authority of the Ssripture for this. The heavens tell the 'work of God, and the firmament proclaims the work of His hands ; and in the Book of Job we find these beautiful words — ' Where ?wert thou, O man,in the beginning when the : Lord created the heavens and the earth ?when the morning stars praised the Lord together, and all sons of God made a joyful melody?' All nature is epitomised in man, and the harmony that pervades the whole ereation'tafGod is re-echoed- in the inner soul of man. The little infant, acting only accord ing to the instinct of nature, announces a gleam of pleasure passing over its innocent spirit, or cloud of infant sorrow by a wail, which denotes the one, or the high note which proclaims the other. And an tbo waa gipwa into liis manhood the natural expressive note of music comes to | him — it needs not the instruction of a master ; it is there implanted by nature herself in his soul, that he should express joy or sorrow in a musical note. (To be continued.) 