Football, Notes.. " BY ScnctIioE. aron0II MELBOURNE (3rd 20) v. (1st 20) SMEcIANICS. i Saturday last being an off day with the let and 2nd twenties of the North Mel bourne club,' it was' decided that the " muffs" or 3rd twenty-as they choose to eall'themselves," should. have the privi . logo of a ;game. Theo Mechanics' club. was chosen as the softest thing for the 'muffs to operate on, anod accordingly Saturday last saw the teams from both clubs arranged in battle array in the Royal Park. McIndoo captained the muffs, having for a vice the lengthy Col lie, better known to fame as a cricketer, and one of the best bats in Hothain. After a consultation between the captain and vice, the orders weie given by the former to his fellow muffs, that all were to follow the ball or play wherever they tbought proper. The .captain himself with an amount of consideration that was touching to behold, allowed his men every opportunity of.play, and with a riemark ablo.self denial placed himself well back where he could give orders, and, run no risk. The effects of a fall given him a' few minutes before had evidently acted' as a caution to him. Howevor, to com mence. The captain of the Mechanics' won the' toss, and elected to kick from east to west, the teams placed, Collie kicked off, and forward 3rd twenty was roared by the aforesaid captain, and vice. The advice given to the men turned out for the best, as in less than a. minute a oal was kicked for North Melbourno 'by fierney. Away goes the ball again, and this time the Mechanics carried it down to their opponents' goal but failed to put it through, although sending it behind. Kicked off again, brothers Collie are in the midst of the fight, ably sup ported by Byrne, Kelly and Thompson, who if they cannot kick, at any rate are splendid hustlers. 1V. Collio gets a mark, and thinks he is going to' score a goal in this his first match, but fails. The ball beingagain kicked off, after some more scuffling during which the vice cap tain emerges with: a cut face and blood streaming therefrom, declaring that foot ball after all was not so bad. LTh captain gaae an approving smile, wished him luck, and told him to go in again-and I have no doubt was particularly sorry he had'nt wired, in and got a gash in the face. Marks in front of the goal con tinue the order of the day, but the kick ing is not up to the mark, and so goals do not count up as well as if Suteliffe had happened to be there. Absolom had half a-dozen tries at the least, but with no effect, VW. Collie had throe or four, but soinehow could'nt, and even Murray, who is usually successful as a kickest, could not get within thosecharmed posts until near the conclusion of the game, when he managed to put a second goal to the credit of the muffs. MoIndoo had a chance once, but of course luck was against him, and his efforts came for nothing. Tihe Mo chanics never had a ghost of a show after the first five minutes, although some of their men, as for instance McCallum and Robertson, and othere whose names I did nothget, played -'well.- Both- sides.ýwero webll pleased with theogame, and the' ut most good feeling was exhibited. The, match. was certainly, a most ridiculous one, and would have' made the most melancholy man in the world laugh fit. to; split -his sides, and continue to laugh for weeks .after when ever his thoughts would recur to it. The 1st twenty of the North Melbourne are to be complimented on the way in 'which 'they turned up to rally the muffs, and for the generous manner in which they gave the best ball to' play with. They evidently take great interest in their prosperity, (this is meant to be satirical,) but it would be as well to prevent growl ing, if the muffs on the occasion of their next match would buy a now ball, goal posts, &o.;, and not spoil the material sacred to the use of theo sa twenty alone. Any person visiting the Park on Saturday afternoon last could not be said to be .well repaid for their. trov'le' of walking out as the principal clubs wore off the ground, or rather it should be stated, the Carlton were playing the Al bert clubs on the ground of the latter, while the North Melbourno team only had a scratch match, which to all appearances did not seem to satisfy their curiosity, The next most important item on the programme to be carried out during the afternoon was the match arranged be tweeon'the 2nd twenties of the Carlton and St. Kilda clubs.. The visiting team did- nob make their= appearance 'until quarter past 3, and play was not com monced till near 4 o'clock, when the ball was set in motion by the visitors, who for the first quarter of an hour did not seem to be able to make their acquaintance with the ground in conseqruence of the slippery nature of it, and this allowed their op. ponents to make some headway and ia fact go so far as to carry the ball behind, the goal posts on more than one occasio-. At this time things.commenced to look as though the Cariton would draw first blood for a certainty, but fortune did not favor them, for as many chances as they obtained. Long Power at this time oc. cupied the important 'position of goal sneak, but his attempts at goal were all to no purpose, as it would now and then be carried backi into the cetre of thie field by Carr, and anothler person whoseo name Sdid ant hoar, hut might as vwell hbe calledl eton this occaslon ' Ioroheiad." as ha played the whole of thie afternoon with. out last or cap, on behalft of the visitors, whether as a substitute or a tioilUer of the club I know inot, but hIe was alwatys to be scts to lhe flbro iii a soritunuago no austler i whlat Itrlt f tihe grouInd it acighlt happen to take plaeoo. Play oi, beot sides nowv commouced to be very warm until half time was called, It should have boon stated that the visitors, for the first half, wore playing against the wind, viz., from west to east, but a change of ends now took place, and the ballbe ing again sot in motion'.it was at once taken in hand by W?illiams and taken towards the St.Kilda goal, but itisdestined not to remain there long as it is sent reeling back by Page, captain of the St. Kilda team, and finds a resting place in tllohe lands of Kennedy. The players now thinking that knocking oil time is near at hand commence to work. witlh a will, especially -Terry: and our fiiond Baresead for the visitors and Itaudd, "Williamson and Toohey for the Carlton, who took thel ball to the centre of the field and from that commenced to en croach on the goal posts of the St. Kilda team, and thus it continued till time was called, thus making it a draw rather in favor of the Carlton team. A match was played on Saturday last between the National andi Excelsior football clubs, which resulted in, an easy victory for the former, who kicked two goals, Batterberry and Hutchinson kicking one each. B3atterberry, Sutaly, Hard, Dwvyer and Dafat played well for the National. Monk, Welsh, Goodwrin, Malay and Foley played well for the lat. tcr. 