Corrcsfonbduf. \- THE ORIGIN OF PURGATORY. To (he I'jilUor of the Protedant Standard. ) Sir,— You have from time to time given us -in your valuable paper information .abour Purga tory, but I don't rcinembei that you have ever 'published the origin of this Romish dogm.a, .which I now forward to you. : The twelfth centur.y abounds iu legends and apocryph.al stories of s.aints arrd the invisible bvullvi xtllloj tv lliltvlll u1 xtvwwh-j') Guildrrs, Cambreniies, .and other rviiters of the. time furnished det.ailcd specimens of these fables, Avhich .appear to have formed a staple portion of clerical teaching, and were quietly accepted by the ignorant and superstitious. Many of these legends of the twelfth century have special relation to the doctrine -of purgatory, and are ch.aractcrised by wild flights of the imagination that would be simply .arnusirrg were it not for their pernicious effect uporr the Irrrman miird. It is inrpossible to form a correct esti mate of the intelligence of the period, rirrless the wide-spread receptiorr of these f.ables arrd .allegories be tiikcrr iirto accourrt ; and as a smgle illustrirtion will convey a better idea of what those were than any defiirition could do, the following one is selected from Matthew Paris. He irrforirrs us that in the reign of Richard I. a monk of Eversham lay in a trarrce for two days arrd was supposed Jto bo dead, but srrddenly awaking he related his adventures. He said that in a visiorr he was corrdueted into a spaciorrs territory, horrible to look upon, full of mist and rn.arshes. He saw a multitude of people, or rather of ghosts, of every ago, sex, and con dition, exposed to the most dreadful torments, brrt varying in kind and degree according to the nature of their crimes or their penitence, or the prayers and offerings of their friends who assisted them. The.v were removed f ronr gre.ater tormerrt to less, rrntil at last they were entirely purified and admitted irrto heaven. The prrnishments were irumerous and varied. Some were roasted, others frozen, others were torn asrrndcr with red hot irirrcei's, others were imnrerscd in boiling pitch or sulphur, or in molten lead, some were being devoured by monstrous worms, others were iinp.aled by glowing spikes — this was the first place in Purgatory. The next, a deep .and dark vale, was separated by a range of lofty mountains. In the vale was a hake, or river, from which rose a mist with an , intoler.able stench ; one side of it was occupied with fierce fires, the other side was made intensely cold-by dreadful storms of hail and snow. Souls were being punished by plunging them first into the stinking water, then into the tire. . 'The, multi tude of iiepple in this horrible vale are comp.ared by the narrator to a swarm of bees, and among tbein he saw many of his , former .acqnaint.ances. The third' idace; was a vast jfiain ii a dark corner of tbe' e.arth, -which seemed inaccessible to any but the tormenting devils and the tor mented' souls; -It resembled a vast and horrid chaos, anudst .which rolled clouds of sulphureous smoke, with dark jiitchjt flame, emitting, a dreadful ' effluvium. The . plain was covered with -serpents, beyond all im.agination horrid, jind deformed,. . breathing-, forth fl.ames, and greedily .tearinjg tlie wretched sufferers. Devils too, capered 'about like madmen, tearingthem' to pieces with red hot pincers, scr.aping their flesh from their bones or ineltiug them in the fire, and pouring, thein' forth like liquid metal. vvnen tne moiin iiau , passed onrougn,; suddenly there- appeared, a glimpse of light, .and soon he experienced a delicious odom, after which he emerged . upon -a vast "pl.ain spangled -with beautiful flower.s. ' Here were thousands ' of soids, . rejoicing after having passed through the various degrees of punishment which had fallen to their loL They were dressed in garments of a dull white. 'Beyond was another plain where the light was more intense, the flowers more beautiful, the fragrance more iavishins', and the joy more exquisite. The soulsfln this place had white' and resplendent garments, haying lived oh earth a more innocent life than those in the first sphere,- .and having passed through the punishment of purg.atory much more quickly. The , third place of joy was heaven itself, separated from the second by a wall of crystal, and infinite in extent. , Even in tlicse; days there were persons who did not hesitate,: to vindicate ,.tbis Purgatorial discovery. , One , writer, s.ays— I , have been to a pilgrimage,; to: the priest's jiar.adise, where I saw many wonders. -Thus — " In that place the more one sleeps the .niore .one gains. All the houses are surrounded with barbets, salmon and shad fish. The beams of the roof aire of sturgeons, the roofs are ; of bacon, and the laths are of sausages. Through the streets fat geese go roasting, and turning themselves, followed by choice sauces. In the road .are tables perpetu ally spread, and every one may eat and drink'as much, as he likes. There is a river of wine. The ladies are always be.autiful and kind. There are many drapers who are glad to furnish free of cost new .and beautiful robes. But the most wonderful thing is the fountain of youth, which will restore to bloom and vigour all who bathe in it, no matter how old or ufy." Yours trulv. J. SHOOBERT. ? 