THE MARRIAGE RlTdi IN THE RUSSIAN GREEK CHURCH. la view of the approaching wedding at St. Petersburg, the Daily Newi gives details of the marriage rite. It is celebrated at a small tem porary "altar"on the outside of the Ikonastas, the partition wall dividing off the portion of the church within which no woman can go. The bride and bridegroom kneel before it with lighted tapers in their hands, and the priest asks, " A——■ B: , hast thou a good and un restrained will, and firm intention to take to wife thia woman, Y Z ?" The bride groom replies, "I have, most reverend sir." The priest again asks, " Ha t thou not pro mised any other woman?" the answer being, " I have not promised another." These ques tions are also put to the bride, and then the benediction, is given. This is followed by the Ectinia, and a number of prayers are said ; . then two crowns are brought on a tray, and the priest takes one, and. making the sign of the cross with it over the head of the bridegroom, says—" The servant of God, A B , is crowned for the hand maid of God, Y Z , in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." It is kissed by the bridegroom, and is then placed on his head, or is held over him during the ceremony. The same takes place with the bride, and the other crown. The crowns have no relation to the rank of the couple, but are used at the marriage of a peasant as well as that of a prince. On the crown of the bridegroom there is the figure of Christ, and on that of the bride is the Virgin. A benediction is given— " O Lord our God ! Crown them in like manner with glory and honor," and then follows the Prokimenon" — "Thou hast put crowns of precious stones upon their heads; they asked life of Thee, and Thou gavest them a long life; for Thou shalt give them the blessing of eternal life ; Thou shalt make them glad with the joy of Thy countenance." Then comes the " Epistle of the Office,1' Eph. v. 20, 33, and the Gospel; which Is the 2nd chapter of St. John, relating the Marriage in Oana, eno'ing with the 11th verse ; tho Gospel is preceded and followed by tho anthem, " Glory be to Thee, O Lord, Glory be to Thee." Tho " Common Gup," containing wine, is now given by the Priest to the Bride and Bride groom, who each drink out of it three times, in remembrance of the Marriage in Oana. As wine is drunk in the Jewish, ceremony—the Bridegroom crushing the gla.s under his feet— and as the Emperor and Empress of China drank wine as part of the marriage rite—and as in Japan wine is drunk three times out of three different small cups by both Bride and Bride groom—it may be concluded that this also be longs to the things whish are old and common to all the East. Up to this point in the ceremony the marriage might still be broken off should either of the parties change their minds at the last moment; but what now follows makes the marriage in dissoluble. The priest covers bis right hand with bis vestment, and-on it the bride and bridegroom place their right hands, and they are led slowly round the altar—the altar has no reredos; it is simply like a small pedestal, standing on the floor. This is repeated three times. This practice of circumambulating is a very ancient rite. Long before Alexander grossed the Indus the Hindoos (performed what in Sanscrit was known as a " Pradakshina;" but it was common to all faiths. Bnddhist and Brahminical alike performed it. The Moham medan still repeats the " Tawof" at the Kaaba. The Coptic, whioh, as already stated, is a branch of the Greek Church, have adopted the idea that this was a Jewish ceremony, for in their celebration of the Mass they go three times round tne altar at the end of eaoh division of the'ritual; and this is explained as being in imitation of David dancing round the Ark. In the marriage rite of the Russian-Greek Church thia part of the ceremony is explained to mean that the man and wife are to walk together through life with the Divine Presence along with, them to guide and protect; .the. mystical^ three times being symbolical of the Holy Trinity. During this part of the ceremony the choir are singing "Exult, O Isaiah, for a Virgin has conceived and brought forth a Son, Emmanuel, God, and Man; the East is his name; Bim do we magnify, and oall the Virgin blessed." As the two are now one—inseparably bound in the ties of holy matrimony—the priest takes cff the bride* groom's crown, saying, "Be thou exalted, O Bridegroom, like to Abraham, and blessed like unto Isaac, and multiplied like unto Jacob, Walk in peace, and do all according to the Commandments of God." Taking the Bride's crown he says :—" And thou, O Bride, be thou exalted like unto Sara, and rejoice like unto JRebecca, and multiply like unto Rachel; re joice with thy husband, and keep the ways of the law; and the blessing of God be with thee." At night, when the couple go to their our own house, the priest also goes to bless it, and they pray to the shrine which is in every .Russian household; this is a picture of one of the Saints, with a lamp hanging in. front of it, towards which they perform their devotions, and always cross themselves before and after meals. . A ceremony with .bread and salt is also gone through, when the newly-married pair enter their future home for the first time, aa husband and wife. 