b'alakla.va annual Races. The " heroes of Balaklava," determined not to be out-done by the " Committee" at Hfcyleton, resolved on holding their annual 'race meeting, which accordingly took place - on.Thursday, the 19th inst, opposite the BatpMava BfoteL Although more delight ful/weather could not have been desired, yet'the attendance considering the popula tion -of the district, was not so large as was anticipated. The meeting' had been looked forward to with no small degree of interest" by the inhabitants of the neighbor ing locality, inasmuch as in the majority of instances, the non-success of the Balaklava horses at the Hoyleton meeting, had stimulated the owners thereof to 'increased j exertion, and prompted a fixed determina tion on their part to " operate a docker" on the " bob-tail," whose performances a fort night previously had excited great expecta tions as to his future prowess,, and augured , a meeting which would go far to prove, his actual worih. . Of course, it would he im possible for any body of racing stewards to please each and every one, and the occasion referred to was no. exception to this rule. Complaints were made that the distances and- weights were arranged to suit the peculiarities of two certain horses, and whatever amount of truth there is in the assertion it is certain that all did their best, and'it was a case of " win who csm." Mack's backers were doomed to disappoint ment, on the one hand o\ving to an acci dent which befel'him the night previous to the pohtest, and on the other because the ■show for the Balaklava Purse instead of •being a lively affair, turned outa victory, so ! to speak, over a fallen foe. On making his 1 Appearance on the course, Mack looked a' perfect cripple, owing to his having •" swung" his halter in th^ stall, and in endeavoring to get adrift injured his near fore-leg to such an extent that he etaited from the post in bandages. Considering the Condition he was in, it was an act of cruelty to start him, but his backers having unbounded faith in his staying powers re solved on putting him to the test. As might be expected he made no show, and against Shamrock and Creeping Jenny bad not die ghost of a chance. The former took the first heat by several lengths, although Jenny made him travel at a smarter pace for the second event. Immediately after the event a match for £10 a side was arranged to take place one month hence on the Clare course between Creeping Jenny anil Mack, and "mtli laudable ambition the " tjptatail's" backers proclaimed to make it a i?Hot" affair. Black Bess scored the Maddens by a head, Barossa running second. Thg next interesting event of the day was the Shorts, for which six horses put in an appearance. Kill-devil won the first heat, and the next proved a dead heat between hiriij and Creeping Jenny, but in the run off the|former had it much as he liked. Be yon^ the accident to Sbeteher everything passed off quietly and without disturbance. Appended are the different events :— Maidens.—£4 4s. One mile; one event. Open to all horses that never won public moiiey. Eight stone up. Riseborough's Black Bess (Al ;derman) .. .. .. .. 1 Mr. -A. Woods' Barossar(A, Saint) .. 2 Mr. Thos. Brady's Comet (P. McAuley) 3 Mr. W. Sedgley's Dolly (Sketcher) .. 0 Comet went off with the .lead, but, at the turning, the others closed up ; a sharp race ensued, and Black Bess'landed a win ner by. a neck. Baxaklava Purse.—£8 8s. One mile; heats. Open to all comers. Weights, 9 stone. .. Mr. S. Alderman's Shamrock (Saint).. 1 1 Mr.-R. Dunn's Creeping Jenny (Dunn) 2 2 Mr.v S. Reeve's Mack (Sketcher) - .. 0 0 As was anticipated, Mack had not the slightest chance of winning, owing to his unfortunate accident. For the first heat, all three ran close together until coming down the straight, when Shamrock gra dually drew away from Jais opponents, and won by several lengths. The second heat was a contest between Jenny and Shamrock, and although the former made a determined struggle it was useless. Dibthict Pi-ate.—£4 43. One mile; heats; eight stone. Open to all horses the bona Jide property of persons reading within 10 miles of Balaklava. Mr, 8; Alderman's Buzz ^Lee) - .. 1 1 Mr, Murphy's Midnight (Sketcher) .. 0 -0 Mr. A. Woods' Rarey (Woods) ..00 Buzz tfron both "heats without much exertion. Shoutb.—£3 3s. Weights, eight stone,; half mile, heats, without dismounting. Mr. A.' Heard's Kill-devil (Sketcher) 1*1 Mr.R.Dean's Creeping Jenny (Dunn) 2*2 Mr. A. Woods' Baraasa (Woods) Mr. S. Alderman's Shamrock (A. Saint) Mr. Riseborough's Black Besa (Alderman) Mr. J. Brady's Comet (Lockwood) Kill-devil took the - first heat by two lengths, Jenny running second, with'Comet on her quarters. The second heat was a " dead 'un" between -thetwo former, and on running oft Kill-devil won several lengths. The accident" nlone inferred to was the result of tHis eveftt. . Beaten StaSe6.-^-£3 3a. One mile; heats, Gatch weights. Mr. R.Dunn'e Crt-eping Jenny " .. I 1 Mr. Murphy's Midnight -V ' ... 2 2 Jfe, -Sedgley"s Dolly .. .. .." 3 O Sir. Brady's Comet .. . .. .. 0, JiVon easily by Jenny. . , "Hcthet Scuaittv. ' Mr. R. Dunn's Creeping Jenny.. .J Mr. Pink's Black Bess .. .... .. ... 0 Mr. Sedgley's Dolly .. .. .A 0. During the day another match for £5, between Mr.'A Heard's Kill-devil and. Mr. P. Brady's Oomet, wa? arranged, . The settling took place at the BilaTdava Hotel the same evening. Host Ilawkins supplied a' bountiful spread. The shakes were paid over,1 and a jivial and pleasant Evening vsj-xmd up the proceedings. ' 