NEWS BY THE MAIL (Continued.) Lord John Manners, the Postmaster General, has definitely refused to reduce the price of telegramus to sixpence. The German Jesuits are, it seems, tak ing refuge in Turkey. Priests belonging for the greater part to the order of St. Lazarus and Jesuit Fathers areo says the Smyrna .Bulletin, emigrating to Turkey in large numbers. ,Mr J. Gowling is now in Cornewall inter esting himself in emigration on behalf of South Australia. A communication was read at the last meeting of the Zoological Society from Dr. T. Schomburgh, Director of the Bo tanie Gardens, Adelaide, containing an account of the hpbits of the Australian Coote (Fulcia australia) as observed in the Gardens under his charge. The receipts of the Eastern Extension, Australasia and China Telegraph Com pany (Limited) for the month of Feb ruary amounted to £17,700, against £18,085 in the corresponding period of 1873, from the four separate lines, viz., the British Indian Extension, China Sub marine, British Australian, and the Vic toria and Tasmanian Telegraph. i A Boston journalist remarks that there is scarcely a daily paper now in Boston which does not give more space to the pulpit than the theatre, taking one week with another. Prince Leopold, who will soon be of age, is to have an establishment. Mr It. H. Collins is to be his private secre tary, and the hon A. G. Yorke, his equerry. - There are said to be 134 Freemasons in the two Houses of Parliament, including seven dukes. The experiment of painting the names on street lamps, is about to be tried in Clerkenwell; and at the meeting of the vestry of that parish it was resolved that thiscourse should be adopted in the first in stance in the case of fifty street lamps in the neighbourhood of the Angel and St. John-street road. A St Louis paper. publishes a letter from Chester, Illinois, stating that in Kaskaskia Bottom, a district of 12,000 acres in that state, a very fatal epidemic of triclinia has been raging for several months--" During the fall of last year many places were strewn with dead hogs, great and small, and but few farmers had hogs left to supply the year's demand for meat. It is estimated that not less than from 10,000 to 15,000 head of hogs have died of trichnia in that neighbour hood within the past nine months, and though the disease has in a measure ceased its terrible ravages, it has by no means disappeared. It can scarcely be doubted but that nearly, if not quite, every hog in the region of country spoken of is more or less affected with this loath some disease." In the second chamber of the Swedish Ridgedag on an address to the King been voted by seventy-one to sixty- four votes, praying that his Majesty would, in the form and under the circumstances he might think fit, make his best efforts to got established a court of arbitration, either permanent or composed for each contingent occasion, to settle rising dis putes between the nations. The proposer was a peasant named Jonas Jonasson, and the address was opposed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count Bjornstierna, and by several members of note, but was eventually carried. Good Templarism has increased in Eng land at a rapid rate since its first introduc tion from the United States. There are now on this side the Atlantic 3710 lodges, the number having more than doubled since the close of the last official year. The total membership is not less than 250,000, which eho~ws an augmentation of 100,000 recruits in two years. The Rock states that three out of five of the Episcopal churches at Folkestone " are already in Ritualistic hands," and adds-" Of course the Congregationalist and Wesleyan chapels are largely resorted to by Protestant Churchmen driven away from their proper fold." Among the numerous London churches doomed to destruction is All Hallows, Bread-street, where John Milton was baptized. From May's 'British, and Irish Press Guide, we learn that there are nowe 1600 newspapers issued in the United King domn, distributed as follows :-In London, 410; England, 010; Scotland, 152 ; Ire land, 137; Wales, 50; and in the British Isles, 10. Mr Auberon Herbert has left politics to follow agriculture. Be has bought a farm near Lymington, Hants, where he means to reside, and his talk is now of oxen. Khalil Pasha claims to have discovered the means of suppressing polygamy in the East. He proposes a decree to compel the husbands to keep the mothers-in-law of their wives in 'the saine house 'with their wives. An extension of the Edinburgh Uni versity Buildings is contemplated, at an estimated cost of £100,000. A new movement to vary the succession of the Turkish throne is being initiated by the Grand Vizier. He has invited the commanders of the different army corps to express their opinions on the popularity of 'uch an alteration. In receiving a deputation of ladies the Pope' expressed himself as follows: " My dear daughters, you cannot be ignorant of the war which is being waged against Catholicism. There is a great Protestant persecutor who has openly de clared that Ihe aims at the overthrow of the Church, and not content with that, he is exciting against us even those Govern umnts that are Catholic, who have pro ceded him in the shameful carousal of religious oppression. He incites them, I say, to increased zeal in carrying out their persecutions, and theymako themselves his accomplices." Privtte letters from Now York give glowing accounts of the marriage of Miss Gracokiold, daughterof Mr Cyrus Field, to MLr Lindley, of thant city. Fifteen hundred guests offered their congratulations to the bride and bridegroom, and the bridal presents are said to have booeen of the aggregato valiue of £100,000, or half a million of 'dollars. A correspondentof thie Pallffill iazette, who was present at the Chislohurst do monstration last weeook, says :--"The Prince Imperial is said to have pro nounced his speech with much fooling and premature aloquenc; one of your contemporaries speaks of his 'graceful alocution' anid ' brilliant and amiable aecomplishments.' I happened to Io Spresent; thlie Prince Imperial read his , speech from a piece of paper he hold in ia his and, and from this boy of eighteen, Swho hardly looks his age, there was no , attempt whatover at graceful elonition' and 'precocious elomuence,' for lie did. Snothing but what might have beeoon ex apected from a lad of his yenrs--that is, \- lo road off his address with little or no s accentuation at all. He may be endowed I with 'brilliant and amiable qualities,' lbut until this day I am not aware that he has given thereof any public token, and it would be wiser to walt until he lhas to Sdescribe them. I mention this beuauso i the irrepressible papular tendoncy to daub Stitled persons rith qualities they do not possess does too much harm, and creates legends which often makes a man of ( genius of a dullard." The United Kingdom Alliance contem plate sending two gentlemen to the United a States to report upon the women's whisky a war. The predicted high tide in England became an accomplished fact at many c coast towns on March 20, both in the east t and west of the island. In the Thames a the highest tide which has been seen for n very many years occurred on Friday a afternoon. The water rose to above four feet above its usual height. The Lambeth i district, from Blackfnriars to Vauxhall t bridges, occupied by small houses, chiefly inhabited by laboring people, suffered the 1 most from the overflow. For upwards of r one hour, from three to four o'clock, the a water rushed across the wharves, yards, t and narrow lanes lining the banks, and l speedily flooded the main thoroughfares, I such as Commercial-road, Belvedere road, I High-street, &c.;,. running parallel with I the river, to the depth of from three to four feet. The intervening cross streets w were rendered impassable for upwards of two hours. The overflow being sudden I and unexpected, the amount of damage i done is very considerable. The kitchens t and eollars of the houses situated within a few hundred yards of the river were filled I with muddy water to a depth of several feet. Many old women and children narrowly escaped being drowned. In Princes-square, one woman, who had only been confined in the 'morning, floated i from her bed, clasping her baby in her I arms. The child was drowned, and when .the woman was rescued she was nearly dead. Sir William Grey, formerly Lieuten ant-Governor of Bengal, has been ap pointed Governor of Jamaica. The United States Senate has con curred with the House of Representa tives that the linmit of the legal tender circulation should be fixed at $400,000,000. A movement appears to be again on foot in France to induce the Comto de Ohambord to become a claimant for the French throne. It is announced that i MM. Cazonove do Pradines and Carar gon Latour are shortly to visit Frohsdorff for the purpose of inducing the Comto to I make a last effort in favor of a Monarchi cal restoration. Lord Rossmoro has succumbed to the effects of tho.injuries occasioned by a fall from his horse while riding in the Grand Military Steeplechases. The young i peer, who had not completed his 23rd year, died at the Windsor Cavalry Bar racks. c The British revenue returns for the I year, as well as for the quarter ending c March 31, show that the total income for the financial year was £77,335,057, a nett increase of £720,887 on the figures of the previous year. The items of increase are - excise, £1,387,000 ; stamps, I £603,000 ; post-office, £972,000 ; tele graph service, £195,000; miscellaneous, n £85,000. On the other hand, there has I been a falling, off in the Customs to the extent of £604,000 ; land tax and house duty, £13,000; income tax, £1,800,000. 1 The revenue for the quarter has been £24,547,004, a nett decrease of £377,020 c as compared with the corresponding I period of last year. The news from Bengal tells of the un- i tiring efforts of the Government officials i -Sir Richard Temple being especially conspicuous for his devotion-to meet the f great emergency. They are confronted I by enormous difficulties, not the least of which is the crowding of the people by i thousands to the relief works, and in some districts the suspension of agricul tural operations. There is no lack of food, but the obstacles in the way of dis tributing it in the remote famine-stricken I districts are immense, while in some places the relief works cannot be prose. cuted in consequence of the emaciated condition of the people. Sir R. Temple has, however, satisfied himself personally that the area where the famine will be felt most severely, will be more restricted i than was at first apprehended, and will be confined to the northern borders of Chumparnn, and Tirhoot. 'The popula tion thus specially afflicted is under four millions. . There is, we fear, too much reason to believe that the mortality of i children in Bengal will be very great, not- I withstanding the far-reaching organisation of the Government. :The Supreme Court of Justice in Brazil has sentenced the Bishop of Olinda to four years imprisonment and hard labor. ' Writing from Kilmorich, a correspon dent of the Dutodee Advertiser says that a strange looking being, apparently a ghost, has been seen for some time back every Sunday night walking on the embank ments of the Highland Railway between Ballinluig and Guay. The apparition al ways made its appearance after dark, but little or no notice was taken- of it until recently, when a gentleman coming along that part of the line was suddenly struck with the vision beside him of a woman clothed in white. So dumbfounded was the gentleman, and so horror stricken, that he fell to the ground with fear; but after a short time he recovered himself and was able to proceed home, which he reached umnolested. Last Sunday night a body of young man, assisted by a powerful dog, set out in pursuit of the glhst. They had only gone a short distance when (according to our corres- I pondent) they suddenly saw the form of a female sitting on the bank. Some of the party were naturally.a little put about, but the othors had fortuatoly the presence of mind to stand and challenge the ghostly visitor. All attempts to get the figure to speak proved fruit loss. It rose, and with slow and measured strides walked off through the fields towards the forest of Athole. ThIe party followed up closely till near Countlich, when the ghost quickening its stops turned to the left towards a small village called Kindallochan. The pur suers being close behind, the ghost, ap parently driven to extremities, betook itself to its heels, and made off as fast as its legs could carry it. The men and dog however, were nowise daunted, and kept up a hot pursuit. At last the ghost ran to earth, faced about, threw off its dis guise, and to the surprise and astonish ment 'of the pursuers, they discovered thalt the object of their pursuit was a harmless old maid residing in the village named. Winding up his graplhic descrip tion, the correspondent expresses the smodest hope tlhat all the old maids of all the' villages in Perthslhire will remain inside their houses in future, and not I cause so mulch annoyance to those who aI ppon to be in the neiglhbourhlood of the ,Higland Railway late at nights." So endthl the story of the "Kindallochan ghost." TlThere is, it seems, a man of wonderful Smenmory in Gernmny, Herr H. Lindo, who canlrecite all Shakespeare's plays from Smemory. He recently commenced a sories of recitals at Cologno with the " Mlidsummor Night's Dream." A correspondent at Washlington, Ind., writes to Nevada that nasociety numobering thlirty woien,, mostly girls from eighteen to twenty-five, has been organised to pay a teouperance visit to the Pacific coast. TlThey, will commence their labors at Omaha alldstop at every saloon on the line of Sthe railr6ad from there to San Francisco. t r. Sumner has bequeathed to the a President and Fellows of Harvard College 1000 dollars in trust for an annual prize for the best disserta tion by any student of the college or any of its schools, undergraduate orgraduato, on universal peace, and the methods by which war may be permanently suspended. He has written :--"I do this in the hope of drawing the attention of students to the practicability of organising peace among nations, which I sincerely believe may be done. I cannot doubt that the same modes of decision which now prevail between individuals, between towns, and between smaller communities, may be ex tended to nations." In an article on the Budget, the Daily News of April 17 says :-" There was, we may remark, a considerable amount of curiosity felt by the House, not only as to what sort of financial propositions Sir Stafford Northcote would bring forward, but as to what sort of Chancellor of the Exchequer he would show himself in his first great :Parliamentary display. We must say that the ordeal was, on the whole, passed through with success. A style somewhat diffuse as to words and lacking in fire or originality of expression is against Sir Stafford Northcote's claims to be a Parliamentary speaker of a high class. But as the expounder of a Budget he is decidedly above Mr Lowe and far above M~r Ward Hunt. He has, of course, neither Sir G. C. Lewis's admirable variety of argument and illustration, nor Mr Gladstone's dazzling brilliancy, nor Mr Disraeli's bewildering ingenuity. But his Budget speech was clear fluent, and easily intelligible, and it is therefore enti tled to take acreditable place among its predecessors in the secondrank of Parlia mentary eloquence." 