I THE PRESS IN JAPAN. - - I DURING a recent debate in our Parliament, one of the members said that. there was no newspaper published in Japan or China larger than the usual parliamentary " orders of the day." If he could see a'copy of the Japan Mail, he would probably retract his words. No. 8 of vol. 6 of that paper is now before us. It bears date May. 13th, 1874, and is published at Yokohama. It is a very large imper-one of the largest in the world in fact laving no less than 44 pages. It is well printed, on axcelleut paper, and would, typographically, bear favourable comparison with any of its Aus- tralian contemporaries. For its character as a newspaper we will dip into; its contents. The title pago has the^usual hcading"list of contents the births, deaths, and marriages, and ». summary, or preciB of the important «vents of the fortnight. Then follow loading articles upon the Formosan Expedition, contemplated by the Jupanese Go- vernment, in retaliation for barbarities committed lipon Japanese sailors by the Formosans, The Mail deprecates the expedition, as likely to em- broil the Government with the Chinese authorities, who rule at Formosa ; and in a very dignified, yet bold manner, the editor lays down the policy which ho thinks Bhould be pursued. The next article is n. rnviflw nv r-WriViom nf A «ni» tn an argument against representative government in Japan, written by a Japanese named Sato. . The reply is penned by Loyojima, Goto, and Itngaki, and the editor approves of their argument, and assists them to snow that the advancement to warrant the introduction of representative govern- ment will follow the introduction, and should not , be waited for. Tho whole" of the papers on the i subject, Katô's argument, the reply of tho trio, I and the MaiFs article are very readable, and thrsm . a good light on to Japanese manners and customs and affairs politic. Tho Japanese show a pro- ficiency in reasoning, and an acquaintance with the writings of political economists and others, I that astonish ns who have been accustomed to look upon thom as semi-barbarians. The next article is devoted to reviewing the condition of the country. " ; ' I After fonryears of vory poor work and cruel prodigality wo , have twenty miles of railway open, and twenty-lite moro the opening of which scams to hang lire most lamentably. We 1 have n telegraph system of some extent, which ls perpetually breaking down. Tliere has been some legal reform, which does the Government much credit far tho spirit lt evinces. But the representative system exists only in the columns of thu Japan Gazette. It must bo borne in mind that the Mail is anti Miuisterial and looks through its own spectacles. The Jopan Bulletin is tho Aiaiïs particular abomi I nation-"Our ribald and scurrilous contemporary;" and some of the passages in reference to it might be from the Fiji papers in the palmy days, »when tho Government there had its " hireling," or from our own "Western journals in tho thick of a fight. Unless people (says the Mail) will go to the Jonly.real source of Information in regard to the condition and move j ment* of this country, a source which modesty forbldsour naming, lt ls perhaps better to go . to tho 'Gazette than else- where. Tho criticism willoh simply consists in standing in tho mud and throwing handfuls of lt at Japan, ts ono which may suit the antecedents of these who have passed their lives In this uncleanly surrounding, but tbe publia soon rates lt at its real value, and no one envies tho casual halfpence which reward this noisome activity. Tlic latter portion of this rebuke must cause some cf the people at the Bulletin to quail. . The Mail sums up tho Japanese character thus : The people will net take the pains necessary ta master the details and grasp the principles of the matters tbey take In band. Sn long as a showy result ls to be produced they ere to be found to the front, desirous of partiel patina; In 'lieh glory ' r praise as such results may extort. But of the q'\ 'IV ties which have made the Western nations great,, of We patlenoe, tho energy, tho tenacity of purpose, the courage find resolution, by means of which their steady advance bas been made, they nave as yet given small evldenoe. This article is followed up by another in the foreign Press of Japan, and the Mail objects to ike 'Continual abuse and ridicule of the Japanese authorities by English journalists in the "open ports," whoso phillipics fid tirades are most re- ligiously translated into the vulgate for the benefit of tho disaffected natives. Then comes the article on the silk and grain trade, tho gist of which wo gave recently, and another upon a decision given in a law court, both ably written, and showing an intimate knowledge with the subjects, in the next leader tho special features of the proposed Assembly for Japan aro set forth. The Assembly is intended by the Japanese to assist the deliberations of the Cabinet, and the Mail gives its constitution, to show how little . the overnment of Japan will resemble that of free countries, as credulous and ignorant people assert. This Assembly is to have no legislative power.. It is to be merely a deliberative body. Ita resolutions J may bo adopted by the Government, but in them-, selves they will have no power whatever. It will be 'seen by these articles that Japan is commencing to work out the great political problems scarcely yet solved by European coun- tries. Tho official notification of the constitution and rules of this deliberative assembly appear in the Mail. Following the articlcB is the news. From the Nias7iin ShmjisM wo learn of the blowing up of a powder loaded Corean vessel through a spark from "a torch getting into the magazine, and the murder of Japanese sailors. by Corenns. " Japanese Notes" contain sentences of deprivation of the' rank of etimerai, and decapitation, with subsequent exposure of tho head, passed upon persons for being engaged in the Saga insurrection; and in the official summary of events notice is given that Yetó Shimpei, a Shizoku of the Saga 'en, who took part in the rebellion, and after- wards fled, is deprived of his rank as the first step of punishment; further punishment to ensue when he should be found.' The said " further punishment" is not described, but if, ns Mrs. Glass's recipe is followed,' and ,tho h aro is found,- it is likely that Yetó "' Shimpei'» fate will not be an enviable one. " The discovery of Japan and the introduction of Christainity," ie the substanco of an address delivered to the mem- bers of a scientific society, and occupies ovei six columns of the Mail ; nnd two moro pages are taken un by a paper on " Winds and Currents in tho vicinity of the Japanese Islands." " Our Neighbourhood," is a collection of fragmentary sketches. The first is of a blacksmith who had a young and pretty wife, and a baby, but took to sake (i.e., Japanese grog), and tells how young paper man (not nowBpapor), came and did his courting, and nursed tile baby while the poor blacksmith was at the sake" shop ; and the end waa that the young paper man was found dead, and the wife turued into a ghost. The rest are in tho same style, and give good fresh pictures of Japaneso life, with quaint and humourous fancies, The next is a report of the Asiatic Society's meet- ing to discuss something very dry ; nnd a mooting of the ' Amateur Athletic Association is also re corded. The games consisted or tint ano1 hurdle foot races, throwing tho cricket ball, (ind. other sports that show that athletics are much the same all the world over. A novelty is, however, introduced, some of tho prizes beinggiven, in person, by young.ladies on the ground, accompanied by pretty little speeches. A'1' Letter to tho editor ".complains of tho peculiar policy of tho Japanese in excluding all foreign enterprise from assisting in the commercial development of tho country, and in tho practical instruction of the natives, so ns to onablo them eventually to utilise tho natural resources of Japan without external assistance. Tho writer urges that Russia, where foreign capitalists (Ind money for working mincB and railways, should be taken as an oxamplo. Another letter suggests tho posting of. weather reports at tho telegraph office, and a third has a local iuteruft only. Law .and Polico" givo reports of the courts. Tho pro- ceedings in ll.D.M. (her British Majesty's) Pro- vincial aro summons cases for debt. In tho Consular Court, F. 1'ercival is , seat to gaol for a week for binding with a ropo . and assaulting ono Yendo llamckicki. Thomas Roso is next lined two dollars and custH, for boating a coolio with an iron rod, which proves that Britons rulos thu waves everywhere. In tho United States Consular Court Boveral sailors nro dealt with for drunkenness, and F. Qolnicoker is cautioned and dismissed, nf tor hoing charged with destroying ;i stone wall. Frederick Law ischargod with breakingdowu a railway puto, tho property of thoTaknpJiima Kayomoii, vnluofiOJcontS. Prisoner's defence is that ho went to Yodo, and took a glass or two too much, but, in spite of his confession, ho is imprisoned for ton days, and fined threo dollars. Notes of tho Fortnight aro mostly political, nnd thoy road very rttrango to outer barbarians. Tho perpetual changes in tho Ministry aro deplored, and tho Mail says that 30,000,000 of pooplo cannot bo Governed by such n Cabinet which, discusses eternally personal and not public «j uestlons, A performance of the Club Germania isoriticittod, and I a concert by a Mr. Wagner is noticed, both at some length. Amongst: the personal notices, we read that the editor is anxious to correct an error that crept into his previous issue. I It waa there stated tbat " Tue Bhogun Iyemochl waa Hie son ofYoshltomi, thirteenth prince of KIsalu." Hewar, howercr. himself thirteenth prlnee of Klabiu, and his name j waa changed to Iycmochi when ho waa derated to the Bbugunate. This seems to be a tiokllih matter, and it wai no donut as well that the amende henorablo was speedily mude. I- The vast trade between Japan and China aud 'San Francisco is shown by a shipping return, I where 7869 chests of tea and 399 bales of silk appear upon the manifest. of one vessel. Ship building is Japanese industry, for the launch of a steamer for the -navigation or the Nilgata Uiver is reported. Forging and uttering are also industries not unknown in Japan, as the Mail says : It will be seen by the notification issued by the Saga Ken rel that the'Kinsats known os the MejiUuhu have been in many Instances tampered with. Tbe tampered notes aro by no means confined to that Ken ; several bavins been successfully Sassed In Kobe. It requires but a supcrfioial inspection to eteot the fraud. The statement of traffic receipts at the Yoko- hama railway station scarcely wnrraut the Mail's abuse of the railway policy of the country, for the receipts for each week on 18 miles amount to about, 10,000,000 dollars, or-on average of over 500.'per mile per week. The number of persons using the line is from 30,000 to 40,000. The shipping intelligence notes 1 the arrival and departures of numbers of vessels, many of them over 2000 tons' register ; and two, the Great: Republic and J apan, are put down re- spectively as of 3882 tons and 4254 tons. From the commercial intelligence : we learn that cotton piece goods, cotton yarns, woollens, .. iron and metals, and sugars ore the principal articles im- ported ; and that silks, teas, mushrooms, isinglass, sharks fins, wax,, cuttlefish, dried shrimps, sea- weed, gall-nut, tobacco, sulphur, wheat, shellfish, camphor,'béche-deímer, and ginseng, are those of export. Of the two great exports, tho tables show that 13,010 bales'fof 106flbsJ of silk were sent to different destinations between the mon tbs,of July, 1873, and May, ,18Wr andi 12,43.0,013.; lbs.,of tea were also exported- New fl York "taking ,-,ovor 8,000,000 lbs, ind San. Francisco . more than 3,000,000 lbs. Such are the chief items of in- terest gathered from tile perusal of one num- ber of an English paper, published in Japan. And when it is recollected that. only a few short years since that country- was a sealed book to-all the rest of the world, our readers will agree with us m thinking that the change which has . been brought about and tho progross made are not by any means the least wonders that have been achieved in this wonder achieving age. 