BISHOP WILBERFORCE'S ESSAYS, (From the Pall Mall Budget.) To say that Bishop Wilberforeo's reputation will gain more than it loses by the re publication of his articles contributed to the Quartorly Review is, all things considered, to give no slight praise both to the writer and to the work. It is not every one who can afford the reproduction of his opinions of a dozen years ago, To many of us, such a re publioation would be the raising of the ghosts of false prophecies and unrealised fears--ghosts which we should be only too glad to exorcise with all convenient speed. Nor do we mean to say that, so far. as many of the Bishop's essays are concerned, the result is very different oven in his ease; but it is the great merit of those volumes that they can make us forget the practical defeat in many eases ot the cause which the writer espoused in admiration for the skill and polish of his unsuccessful advocacy. The Darwinian controversy, for instance, has advanced several stnges since the Bishop's essay on the " Origin of Species" was written, and the position for which the Bishop here so stoutly contends has been since surrendered by his allies; but none the loss the essay to which we refer has a merit of its own and an interest which is something more than historical. The articles, again, on "Essays and Reviews," and the replies which that rather over-rated volume called forth, contain the records of another struggle before a now abandoned outpost; but heret again we are saved from the usual tedium which attends the perusal of obsolete polemics by the un failing vigour and vivacity of the style. Apart, however, firou nil questions of dialectical or critical success on particular points, the two volunmes before us should add to the Bishop's reputation, if only as bringing out what was undoubtedly his most striking characteristic-the versatility and many sidedness of his mind. The busy Bishop, who was also a keen and active politician, a distinguished orator and proacher, and a well known figure in society, shows horero almost the same variety of literary as of social gifts; and is equally master of his means whether discoursing pleasantly on natural history, or marshalling the heavy artillery of geology against Mr. Darwin, or analyzing with a criticism at once sympathetic and acute the character of John Keble or the self revelations of Dr. Newman. The force and at the same time the limitations of this general intellectual ability are perhaps nowhere so well shown as in the Bishop's criticism on the " Origin of Species." On every point in which mere acuteness of intolligence and dialectical skill are suflicient to command success, the B3ishop succeeds; on overy point in which the philosophic instinct and the scientific habit arc demanded, lhe as regularly thils. His power, in fact, is purely foronsic; the power which deals triumnphantly with the details of an unfamiliar subject, the principles of' which it can perhaps neither grasp nor appreciato. Thus, while lie is merely pressing Mr. Darwin with all those geological objections to his theory which the groat naturalist himself has so fully and frankly admitted, ihe is as successful as would be a consummate advocate with an instinctive eye for the "'' points" of his case, an admirable lucidity in setting thorn forth, and a thorough muastery of a brief carofiully propairod for himi by an able solicitor. When fioir details he passes to principles, from destructive criticism to constructive speculation, ohe f'ils as signally as the advocate would fhil who, after having; triunmphlantly cross-examined a scientific expert, should proceed to enunciate a rival theory of his own. Bishop Wilber force, in short, could ;ce by the native force of' lis intelligence all the weak points in the collateral evidence for a scientific hypothesis, but he was evidently---in part, no doubt, from tlheoloioe prepossessions, biut in part also fiorn natural defects-ilcapablo of appreciating tIhe true import and significance of such a hypothesis, if' not, itdeood, of fully tlppr'o htending' oven its nature and object. This is briefly and convincingly showin in his mode of opposinig his ownn oXplanation of the facts of' nature to Mnr. Durwin's. ?ar. Darwin, after quoting Milne Edward's saying, that " Nature is prodigal in variety but niggard in innovation," proceeds to argue from this pregnant truth--really the very key of his position--to his own hypothesis. " Why on the theory of creation," he asks, " should this be so ? Why should all the parts and organs of many independent beings, each supposed to have been separately created for its proper place in nature, be so commonly linked togeother by graduated steps ? Why should not nature have taken a leap from structure to structure ?" And he goes on to onlargo upon the '" wonderful fact" that " all animals and plants throughout all time and space should be related to each other in group subordinate to group, in the manner in which we everywhere behold--nnmely, varieties of the same species most closely related together, species of the same genus less closely and unequally related together, species of distinct genera much less closely related, and gonera related in different degrees forming sub-families, families, orders, sub-classes, and classes." This being the fthact to be accounted for, the evolution hypothesis is offered to account for it. And account fbr it it certainly does, with all the completeness with which community of origin will always account for relations of similiarity. Whether subsequently observed facts confirm it, or contradict it, or simply fail to support it, is another matter altogether ; and the Bishop had already shown with a force which, ;'reat as it is, does not exceed the candour of Mr. Darwin's own admission, the notable thfailure of the geologic record in many respects, and of zoolooic observation altogether, to support the hypothesis pro pounded. But the Bishop is now upon the question of its d. priori merits as a hypothesis; le has to suggest an alternative explanation for the facts. And it is this, After quoting' Mr. Darwin's statement above given of the phenomena to be explained, lie continues: " How can we account for all this ? By the simplest and yet the most comprehensivo answer. By declaring the stupendous fact that all creation is the transcript in matter of ideas eternally existing in the mind of the Most IIigh-that order in the utmost perfect ness of its relation pervades Ilis works because it exists as in its centre and hichest fountain head in Him the Lord of all." Allowance, as we have said, must be made here for the natural theological bias of' a writer's mind; but still Bishop Wilberforce was something more than a mere theologian, and one might have expected so acute a mind as his to perceive that the " simple and comprohensive" answer here given is in truth no answer at all. In the first place it is, considered as a "hypothesis," in no sense a rival hypothesis to Mr. Darwin's, It relates to an antecedent stage in the preparation of the phenomena to be explained; and even accepting it as a hypothesis, utterly incapable.of verification as it is, it does not necessarily exclude, but, on the contrary, is perfectly reconcilable with Mr. Darwin's theory of the matter. It is quite conceivable that existing forms of life may be "transcripts in matter of ideas eternally existing" in a Divine mind, and yet that the same Divine mind has willed that the process of "transcription" should take place by the operation of the law of evolution. A divine predetermination of certain definite results does not exclude the possibility of their having been achieved by a given natural prooess. In the next place, the Bishop's hypothesis is open to the fatal objection that it does not account for the facts-amongst which occasional imperfection has to be accounted for as well as general perfection. The Bishop, indeed, just glances at this objection; but it seems to excite his indignation too much to allow him to meet it by rgument, and his method then becomes, wholly theological. He quotes a passage in which Mr. Darwin, after pointing' out some of the imperfoetions in nature (" the sting' of the bee causing' the bee's own death;" the production of drones "in such 'vast numbers fbr one single act, with the great majority slaughtered by their sterile sisters;" " the astonishing waste of pollen by our fir trees ;" the facot of "ichneumnonid feeding within the live bodies of caterpillars," &e.;), adds that there is upon his hypothesis nothing marvellous in those fihilures of contrivance, and that the "wonder, indeed, is, on the theory of natural seloection, that more cases of want of absolute perfection have not been observed," Upon this passage the Bishop's only comment is, that " the real temper of this whole speculation as to nature itself may be read in these fetbw lines. It is a dis honouring view of nature." he question, however, is not whether it is dishonouring, but whether it is true. If it be true that there are marks of waste, of failure, of ill adaptation of means to ends-ofimperfection, in a word, in nature-then the Bishop's hypothesis above quoted so far fails to account for the pheuomcna, and Mr. Darwin's so far succeeds. The Bishop, inldeed, declares a little farther on that hle can give " a simpler solution still for the presence of these strangeo fortms of iml)porfobtion and sufferiing'." But the only attempt at this solution which we can find is a refbrence in the next sentence to "'the strong shudder which ran through all the world when its head and ruler fell ;" and if this really means, as it soeems to mean, that thoese plhenomnena are to be expllained by the Fall of Man, tlhe scientific field of controversy is here so coimpletely abandoned that it would be useless to follow the discussion further. ,We have devoted thus much space to the essay on the Origin of Slpecies because it is at once the most interesting in tile volumes, and best illustrates by way ofoontrast the lieculiar powers' and(l the special limnitations of the writer's mind. In thie more strictly defined field of thoologicol polemics we filnd, as we shlioultL have expected, more ovidence of his dialectical power and less evidence of theuir limitation. In his article on " Essays and Reviews" the B3ishop is able to carry the war into the onomy's country antd keep it thlere throughout, nnalnd thie vigour and alertness with which he maintains the battle make us forget theI real weakness of his own position -one, we may add, which his party have had subsequently to abandon, andt in the surrender of which the Bishop himself had dloubtless learnedl long beflbre his death to acquiesc. After the Bishop has done his wor'st upon his adversaries, it yet remains the hact that there is no ]ogiclai resting-placO between maiitaininig theo plenary and verbal inspliration of Scrilpturo (which tihe Bishop, of course, would have repudiated), and conceding that fall suproemacy of reason in inter; moting it wvhich he consistedly mlenied to Ihis then oppoiients. Dr. Wilboribmee could see the t 'heological 'esults of such a concession better than le couldt see its logical necessity. "IHow," li asks, "is it possible to stop whei'e such a prineillo has bei admitted, or why should riot the ' verifying ihculty' of' Voltaire or Thomas Paine be as good an ndthority as tile same fnaulty when exercised by towhlund Williams ?" The question is, doubtless, a difficult one to answer, but how, on the other hand, without such a " verifying faculty," could the Bishop have dealt, as he does, in this very essay with the miracle of Joshua ? The succeeding' essay on " Aids to Faith" (the now almost f'orgotten volume of replies by various writers to " Essays and Reviews") is less successful-- partly because the Bishop's sympathy with the writers led hint to take a quite exaggerated view of its merits, and partly because his discussion of it leoads him into that fiohl of physical reasoning whore he is least at home, 'Thus, for instance, ihe selects for quotation and special approval an argument of one of the essayists in favour of miracles, founded upon the often exposed confiuion of thought which mistakes man's power to modify the results of' the operation of natural laws by altering' the collocations of matter fort a power to " suspend the operation" of those laws. Of the essays which are not controversial, or only indirectly controversial, that on Dr. Newman's "Apologia" is the most striking; it does high credit to the Bishop's power of sympathetic appreciation ofa type of character in many respects markedly unlike his own. But the whole contents of the two volumes will be relished by those who like to read in polished and occasionally eloquent English the expression of an acute and versatile mind. STRANGE lingering echoes of the old demon-worship might perhaps even now be caught by the diligent listener among the grey-haired peasantry; for the rude mind with ditficulty associates the idens of power and benignity. A shadowy conception of power that by much persunsion can be intuced to refrain from inflicting harm, is the shape most easily taken by the sense of the Invisible in the minds of men who have always been pressed close by primitive wants, and to whom a life of hard toil has never been illuminated by any enthusiastic religious faith, To them pain and mishap present a far wider range of possibilities than gladness and enjoyment: their imagination is almost barren of the images that feed desire and hope, but is all overgrown by recollections that are a perpetual pasture to fear. 'Is there anything you can fanoy that you would like to eat ?' I once saidl to an old labouring man, who was in his last illness, and who had refused all the food his wife had offered him. ' No,' lie answered, 'l've never been used to nothing but common victual, and 1 can't eat that.' Experience had bred no tfancies in him that could raise the phantasm of appetite.-George Eliot. AH, it's like the night and the morning, and the sleeping and the waking, and the rain and the harvest-one goes and the other comes, and we know nothing how nor where. We may strive and serat and fend, but its little we can do arter all-the big things come and go wi' no striving o' our'n-. they do, that they do,--Geor~o Eliot. 