scroofeb astd others. Br N. Walter StfAir. IN FIVE PARTS, Pabi IV.—" Simgh, Esq." (TOLD BT THBB(MfiIIXB;V -- It was a lon&timebeloavLodelinttVM; what the newspapers caHed deyeioped,. aea of canvas that innndated ft atonal had idled bade, leavuur a, rastrsurf-L tomaxkthe tide oflife verdure away, i clay and disturbed earth behind. NO need t» tell how the tents came to be repreeented Sir few made io^mie^iui^^a^^minaelraa t»ck to beggary ; how fite plaoe, aftatJJinR through bruEen.sdtdineis andi became1 gradually acdima oat ecraaellcreepers o£, the .pwuvwiceid their from .tm^ieee fer e Beaeoniutfce of tbeGoseife, and aeagr " — ^ -1 qphcmation/' or itlyatatotal ooet |w4 A* £ SP H \>SZ~ i wflkflj .risking wealth, and eliding down; alwnv&CilatBe; steady mono tone covering aH the wliins of fee fassma tone that was heSngjplayed—Out had so often bees played Bat of si) 4s oowd that smattered sad amd warn chains of the Grecian BOM, and caned their boots and their tiousus, wad looked down at them 5 paamag lustnal—of a& that lounged in fee Shade of tfae_ ~ Commercial* andfamd Atuuptwnnly while dinking money is their yoctets evey day—there w» no one who cotud feaBamprosch AH Smgh or " Sagh, Bej., as fee local paper ttm. Bankers' derte beeafoT •wife ewrjr at his clothes. Wonm rkh yellow warm akin. Ids brilliant *, and his gfoeey hair and dark eyes. Ken knew everything, from pitch and toes fetus or downwards, admired his homes; and eieijhody, by general acclaim, send in a lidcfjcnt permeating Bosanna, admired hie interests with an admnatioii that had the meiil of sincerity. Haller Singh, Esq., sr. kUdsnsa tte feme hot nones on fee SewfeOiedan; he had a thousandscrip in fee North Boss, feat was crnshing two to feme canoes to fee ton; he was a heavy holder in the Little Pedlingtoo, that was on fee suae reef beyond any shadow of doubt. Whatever his warm Indian hands touched, fee transformation to metal was as Bare as fete. Let jwoepeetases get his name, and presto! fee femp 'was launched, and at a premium hke winking. Then when he wsulii il past In his boggy and pair of blades, jnat reheTing fee dark hood braided wife amber; boggy picked out with amber, harness tamed np with amber, he was a sight to see, this rich reefer, this dnrrfing Indian wife hie dark eyes gbtbermg and his white teeth ma his warm halt fingers fiaah fn« OC believe me, Halley Singh was the pode ami fee Bon of Lodefines. Parson Sorbins was as good a man as scold he found when he was oat of the prdpit When he was in it he was fee poorest and moat miserable repetition of the other soldiers on the watch-towers it has keen my fortune to sit beneath. He gave fee passwords, so to speak, with go conscious a plagiarism and In a manner so uncertain feat as a promoter of scepticism 1% most hare proved invaluable m the cause of arihsraoo. Ken might ham gone to other churches to scoff and remain to pray, not so at Sorkins'e; the praying ones remained in spite of him—each as they were. Those •who were not devotionaSy inclined felt very Fbaroahs, and then seceded to Taylor the rationalist, who had fee courage of his opinions Taylor was prone to lament feat none of the watch-tower soldiers would meet hhn in a controversy, though be - had challenged then over and over again. It was one hot Sunday—when the fifes and Sorbins were droning, and fee majority of his congregation had found easy a*titndpn far aaiwytilHHg sleep—when the summer fashions m the bonnets of I/wUHwh had been dealt in, and the buyers flattered their heads round in an aheent devothRml way to see the bonnets and ribbons of their nogb ~bouis—that I first saw Looey LyelL If Sorbins bad then and there turned into Spargeon, and wife all Sporgean's audacity soul buffoonery, I could not ham fife more wide awake, no, not if the good pray old aratWnan in white bad mad "Old Mother tTnbhard" wife a aolenm pathos, and invited the (heir to put" The Old Hundredth" to it. these she was, not three sittings off, bo* when she came in, or how long she bad been in, orwhefeer she was or was not a member, and might never be there again, were fee feat feoagbia that came to me as I !«**> Safety would to yoa—so they would to any sue, no matter bow old a person you or aay «ae aright he —ir was a natural thought looking at her. I saw a mass cf soft brown hsir feat kept the sanshine in its plaits, and few catsach Is jglilness where fay chance amy was fairly caaght among fee twisted folds. I saw long yellow ryrlaehrs, so long, and tender, and pune-kwkmg. aofteningand SBdeembahly harmonismg with fee bright aeas below them. Her face was too fair and soft to be culled brilliant, sad yet It was rich a&d; tender enough to leave feat impzss. nm—a face seen soiaetimes in pktema—bat as comely that comely is too beggariya torn lor application to it And when fee lashes tat# rifted, sad the fall eyes gam new -"— to fee features, I give yoa my fee place lighted op. That Is what I saw. ■AndTeryplainly dressed shewni- compared fe fee zmmpsr snd leerer* and fidgeting fewDtkmalists who ware around het Velvets and folks on new bonnets and narrow afaonldcra. Velvets and silks on capachnis mm wore manga* to beautify—meagre figures and faces, every-d&y; tiguiewand faces, Sunday figures and faces— ktrniMwd *m, and tricked; and bedizened shorn everv-day frowsineas for fee Sunday ■haw. This is what fe" brilliant ooi— fern" looked to me aftelfew hP^ fatjgwa devotion! 'MmcUpSait who«tw|«fc^| S4 cathedrals, knew it; y meeting one, amfSs^ ^aM tianaept There was itiwiunm ■ 5^® fefc»d aTgioirMj ~>doaht^tct 1 felt gatis pjW Sctkfos has con-: ktoetassmrthing. Did followed harto a com. tge, for «aoo& from fee fSffB'Uaahs window somethiagliko rtfedtrifeabordercDl I wee a boarder unfo solemnity, and it was opened sOently by her daughter—the hist look was to the empty chair, and on the daughter's part the first expression one of relief. If mother or daughter opened the doer to let me in, they looked beyond me to ■ see if any one else was there, and not in frequently np the street or down the street, as if tosee if my ghost friend was spiriting himself | oar way. At the early meal and at the late meal the empty chair and the table furniture ■were always eel, till be, she. or it most hare l—» regarded by mother and daughter as a tttohr and methodical partaker (after an etaerealised fashion) of the daily dishes. I hatd heard openings and shuttings of tire street door, and the sound of voices up in the parlour after I had retired to bed. There were the steady tones of Mrs. Lyell on these occasions, and the miuiuiuiass of Mis Lyeli, bnt it was not till the close of a fortnight that I distinctly beard a male voice at one of these reunions. Not a fall voice, dot a bluff voice, nor the sound of hesitation in it either, what ever might be the quality: bet a hard thin ; voice, *h*± spoke right on to its purpose after s hard, settled manner, without the j ghost of kindness or sympathy in it—as little of this as of the fleshy envelope about ray ! spirit frw*d, who, I supposed, used to sit at j meat and disport himself conviviaDr in the empty «•*«"■- I asked no questions; an ] old person Wr» me had no business with fry* Hwd of thing, arid I usually went to steep to find the ghost of the empty chair developing into Looey, and 30 years of ray life rolled hack. One night, ] during my fourth week's stay, the voices j travelled down to me much loader than usual—Looey's especially, but it was plaintive and entreating; her mother's strong mid un- j emotional; that of the man, hard, and thin, ami jnflwilto towards its purpose—whatever that might be—as usual. I was just falling | back to rejuvenate in dreams, and see my ghost, when the voices ceased, and the step i of the mother pinned my door. There was a ! fatormg, sorrowful heaviness in it that woke me as wide, so to speak, as her daughter woke me on fire Sunday when the droning of Famon Sorbins changed into mrnar The step was pathetic. I could imagine the thin Mwdtfu face beneath the j masses of hair giving evidence of soong ; emotion now that there was no one to see i her. I could ""«g™ the womanliness of | the strong woman asserting itself in the pri vacy of the night, and the stern religion which I knew she professed with unflinching consistency broken down before the human mother's heart. Thus it flashed upon me as she walked on. Why my thoughts should have taken this shape Heaven only knows. I lay awake. There were no more voices, no opening and shutting of the front dots; which ought to have opened and shut before. Why should I remain resdess, staring at tire darkness 1 There was Sdiiller in the room where they were—why not get the book and read awhile, and find the meaning of the voices that f"1* at wight 1 It was with something of a teemble that I dressed myself, and it was, I confess, with a feeling of guiltiness that I walked softly up the passage and prmnrd before tire door. I could hear tire garglingnf a pipe beyond it and some other wand, not unlike a swallowed soh. I tamed (fa fardk and dipped in. At one end of tire room the beautiful Looey, fate and staring at me, as frightened at the intrusion; at tire other end, oocsping two chairs, Halley Singh, Esq., enveloped in wreaths of smoke. "Pardon me; I did not know," I apolo gised, never stumbling at the lie. "I—I— came for a bock I left behind." TKccOgnrefrlxf fntlewwd wa« emhatrraanrng Looking past tire smoke, and vacantly walk* ing to tire table, with jmr wonder all aroused at the peculiar Indian thus, or umbras, of j the meat speculator, and at his being there stall, I put out my hand mechanically fire a ! book timt lay before me, knowing it to he there rather than seeing it to he there, then a look at the soft Madonna face, wearing a glitter on tire eyelashes that gave her the peuaweuess of a saint—that unreal beauty that haunts dreams—that beauty of some other sphere that lives with us as an ideal only. " Give the gentleman his hook, Looey/ mtnkmp tire smoke away with a rapid gesture, and tearing tire wreaths he had beat watching to shreds, speaking languidly, nevertheless, and looking at me with half dosed eyes, which seemed to hold tire un certain depth of a panther's. She rose quickly to come forward with Bekfflor. I could see how her white hand (wiiM, and how her figure from me with something like humiliation in it, witii humiliation on her face. Looking from the dissolving smoke the dangerous dreamy eyed Oriental. I was going to apologise to het and had spoken a wonl or two of excuse, when Singh interrupted—"The gentieman will know we are private. I am a boarder here, as well as the gentleman, but I do not trouble him often. He ueea tire room for weeks; no one couresin. I use it not often. Would the gentleman allow us to he private T When speaking Ire flashed oat at me by some movement which seemed to indicate teat he knew to a nicety tire quality and facets of the stones in Us ifo** ———' „ __ _ togjister malidoualjat i m tecum he bad rained a "jff tiering d gi((t stinging "tfny y«f—» indeed erniWomMteuduitdeMt te&too;his thin Unite lips drawn hack from Ida teeth, also gleaming j his voice with a fine under- current In it, scarcely to be detected, but plainly there, which gave it a* note as sharp as a knife and more stinging' tfinn big i I would have replied hot fire a sodden; movement el Miss LyeH, which drew my! attention toher face, wherein Isaw a tqffi ^^te^"asl walkedl>acik, "this is-my ghostly hoarder: .this the tine development So* Spiritual friend-" Aom nance the 6a viviSghoetfor 'ever. "ft came Sgmavatiii£TiTtwiaimi in its jottf' Jir.iiJl ere long her beautiful daughter would occupy a noble station, and become man% wife. The street and Slip were in accord. Several ladies of Jgiy high birth and parentage tamed up their noses, and vowed they would not marry an Indian—no, not if all the mines of the place were his—not if he was twice as handsome; being an T«*diai> wild horses would not drag them to the altar. The ladies of exceedingly high birth and parent age at Lodeli&es; were very bitter. Clatter and swish. Such clattering and swishing to the Sippersley church was never known before. Such glittering, and glinting, and flinging about of the sun's rays was never seen within sttch narrow bounds of time. The buggy wheels might have been Catherine wheels stabbing out the spears of sun from their varnished spokes. Bravest and best, v"-' — inside and outside, was HaQey i's buggy; what with the flashings of the jewels, and the paint., and the buckles, and the amd the mountings generally, the ssn was altogether at a dis count It would have been heresy to have compared the drive bach to a glittering snake, glittering most at the head, and glittering all down to its very tail as they rattled to"the breakfast, but it did look like it far all that—ay, and ray like it, too. The Bev. Sbpperaley, assisted by the Bev& Cbittock, Spong, Goormay, ami Fairfat per formed the ceremony. The first-named divine bad a doxen rids with flowers at tt»e porch, and an ofldoth from his own pas sage laid from the door towards the carriages. And the bride ? In pl»in white, not a stone, or ornament* or flower, or fancy of any kind whatever, from her seining hair to hex train—nor trinkets, nor nor gewgaw. The glory of her face was enough. There was a wealth mite beauty and in her figure that beggared Goioonda. Those who wish to see this marriage described as it deserves ought to see toe local paper of that date. If any thing in l^»Hf ever surpassed the cere mony, it was toe description of it There were flags on toe poppet-legs of every claim. Every man in the Grecian Bend ana in the North Bass gut drunk as an imperative duty. The LodeKnes Testes published a 1st of toe jeweOery worn by toe bridegroom, to say nothing of the dresses of toe ladies. It described the pageant from a amp dCail point of view; it described it before, and it described it hgfrmd and it had the following to boot:— " Stsgh—Ltell.—A$ St Crapin's Church, by the Bev. Isaac Slippersley, assisted by toe Revs. J. Chittock, K. Spong, L. Goonnay, and 3L Fairfax, Halley Singh, Esq., son of Ah Verdi Rlan, half-brother to Sarajah Donlah fSngh second ctmsin to Meer Jaffir, and great grand-nephew, on the mother's side, to Strait Alum and Tantia Topee, to Louey, only daughter of Maria Lyell, relict of Join mown Smith Lyell, Esq., formerly of toe Isle of Man. Home papera please happy couple drove off to Marrarat from a dm of kettles and kerosene tins, from a shower of bunion-strained slippers, worn-out pumps, and a raking fire of lace ups ; drove off from a row of white-breasted friends waving flowers, from pennants of white handkerchiefs and a aowd of light-coloured talks, from many bur and bright faces, but none so fair or beautiful as hers. They drove away, in their glitter, down the dusty road to Marrarat, glittering grandly at all prints, but not a word between them—so the driver, who lived next door to Mrs. LyriL raid; he looked behind him once, he told me, bat never saw Mas Looey so pale—that he thought was from toe dark lining of the hood, and the dark face beside her. Ah! so it was. Another month of the aflent house, toe thin woman, and the ghostly chair. A dose inspection of the latter would have revealed a malignant attack of peritonitis, induced fay two much carving-fink. The quietness of the house had been gathering gloomily like a shower cloud, and the strong woman had such a stem fixedness in her deportment that it referred me, by contrast, to the faltering footsteps past my bedroom door, and the silent, fem present I was strongiy ocraifortable, and rigidly housed and fed wrinkled with duty. One afternoon, when the month was past, she stalked into the room with a hurried movement* and a lower in her eyes; so different was she from her former self that I was tempted to ask for news of her daughter. I don'fc know what Mrs. Lyell had in ho* mind to do when I i»«yH the question, but the stopped suddenly, and unbent with a abode upon the "'"y A«r Her lank fingers were twisting upon each other quickly, and such shadows were flutter mg upon her remorseful face that I could only sit with a painful sense, and listen to what was coming. Twining her fingers cease leraly to the utmost limit of the faults—' 4 "They're come, Mr. Meerkk; they're back, sir. My daughter and he are bade, sir. Tfaeyrein toe new house, near the parson age. ^ They are there—my daughter and he are there. Itfetofw their noma. He bought it and famished it before lie went away." •nmsto merambtingly, with her dry desert ofafaoe foil on mine. Myself (dteerfufljr}—'' May I be permitted to hope your daughter fa wetland nappy, as haspy as rite deserves-thafs saying a good dew,Mre. LyeH I'could say no mom than that if I talked for a whole moon—a honey, moon—could L Mrs. Lyell? " Isaw her this forenoon," she went onto way, not tome, bat part me. *"I saw my Looey this forenoon for the first tone since that morning. They got bock late fortnight," toe quivered over toe words with a plaintive land of whisper. "Late last nigjfatr^at^ too fate. She fa not so well, sirijnot at all well, I think. What listen fatoat 'weU'isnt jnhereyeSt or face, or figure ; ffs not about with Bome^^J^ a sy^r bf tenderness could see itfaratreyeei bee^ towaids to oacel fo tiie trab "" ' - no ttitrt . _ )|OI^ lookasifltrnsied . aqarte agentirinonas JLldMwKr 1 rio can five them. Has the—has be ceased to care for bis wife already V " Ceased to care about ber f with an in credulous ring of astonishment in her voice. "Ceased to care about ber? He's in a mad, wild, Indian fever about ber; some mad, jealous fever, sharp and wQd as knives. He keeps ber near him, dose to him, as if he'd breathe her life out" Thinking of a vampire, I said, "I don't understand you." " I don't understand, myself. She doesn't understand it He keeps to her, he clings to her, he haunts her always, and sweats by his gods " " But he was converted to Christianity." I said it in all sincerity, without thinking of the poor woman. I learnt my error when she gave a low cry, and swayed herself in a distraught way on the chair I bad so often pierced. " That's it. There is the pain. He lei me read the Bible to him, and speak about his immortal soul, at BrownhiH, which I often did; and when he told me he was here and rich, still humble and Christian-like, I ooold not but believe him. He lent us money, and set us up here, and made me a debtor, - Haven't I repaid it, Mr. Merrick, with interest; oh, such interest! Haven't I ?' The dry large eyes welled over, and the stem woman broke down —down to writhing and sobbing—down to such a fierce grief asl never saw before; but never forgetting that I was there, chaining me with scattered words that would bubble out be yond the veneer of sect or theology. " I don't understand it," I said again hope lessly. "2fo,you don't—how conld you!—and I can't explain, sir," with a sudden dignity that carried an expression akin to fear. " Yon are the only one in this world now that I can speak to as a friend; being her friend you are mine. He is killing her; when opium drunk he is mad, and wants to end both lives; his and hers. God be merciful!" Her eyes flamed, and she stood up unconsciously—I thought to pray like an avenging sybiL For a rime she was mad. The rigid religionist mixed mad religions words with mad threats, always with an undefined but brooding mew ing over what she Baid, that left some wild suspicion of Indian rites in conjunction with the peerless girl who was Singh's wife. " But yon may be mistaken; have you seen Mr. Slippersley f " Mr. Slippersley!" Her brilliant eyes looked a curse, if she did not speak it. " Mr. Slippersley!" Where was Halley Singh, Esquire? The brokers wanted him, the promoters wanted him, Slipperaleys church committee wanted him, the widow in the greengrocery wanted him, and an extempore philanthropist who was collecting subscriptions for six { X~ians wanted him. A struggling draper had a bailiff in the shop wanted him, and various other people, for various other reasons, wanted him. But he was not to be met with; he was not at home, he was not at any oi the hotels, he had not been at the Commercial for a week. Mrs. .Singh did not know where he was, she had thought he was absent on business; it was most likely he was absent on business, for he had absented himself once before without informing her of his intentions, though not for so long a time. Mrs. Singh became alarmed, and went to the Rev. Slippersler. That divine washed his white hands before the clerical swaddling-cloth that hid his linen and did duty for a waist coat He deployed in modulated distress the unprecedented absence of his dear friend. He hoped for the best; he had spoken to his ddar mend as to the danger of wearing so many costly brilliants upon his person at all hours. He would put himself in commnnica tion with the police, and have a search made at once. Expense was no object, Mrs. Singh told him, and accordingly Sflnpemley was very liberaL Halley Singh's disappearance came to be a more popular topic than the weather; it was the appendix to every saluta tion between everybody for whole days. I watched the men examining theshaftsonthe Grecian Bend, on the North and South Grecian, and every other likely direction. They sought fruitlessly, and might have sought longer with no result but that the secret got buzzed about at length by a cloud of flies and a pestilential smell at an old hole in the direction of Mrs. LyeU's house. A couple of men had their attention attracted to the place, and lowering down a candle it begat stars in the sickening atmosphere. Help was obtained, and the crowd gathered to a multitude. Drapers, and grocers, and brokers ran down. The Rev. Slippersley ran down, and washed his white hands round the wortb. A couple of quiet strong men fixed a windlass and rope above the shaft, dissipate the , _ felt.* After much labour 'the body of the Asiatic was drawn up, hideously bloated and disfigured, and borne home on a borrowed stretcher: "You have heard the news?' MO. Lyell said to me that evening. "Yes, I have hesrd the news." Not looking at m& but looking round the room, not twining ber fingers, but hold ing them in trembling psssjvsnssy not knowing what tossy, but longing to gpwh* with uncertainty ana fear in her face end both face and eyes wonderfuUymofnp sad, ait; and the shock to my daughter \ be great; but I cannot jprtsndtojieMny., Why should I pretend it; bdingM I have done. What do people saSHE. Merrick? You have been amongst them, and heard them. What do they say r "He could not nave been murdered tor, robbers, for the Jewels and watoh ware found; on the body." - • With her em dosri-"H*iew*ls and watch were found on the body, xeu." - 2"B^tol^h^9ra|]todfofo^holein when owning here some night" rrs i J.fio !fo might ; thatfs the moot likely, I " It» known be had some enemies whom, daim hto pitftyJumped. Their house is.not, ^'ftmig^;that'slflmly, too. Went" . ; *^lspoEto^jf hyelL A v truth of some .., W» hot correct," She „ and trembling violently. '... V * .. ~~r. f cni: SHfefl&eft; with her to her daughter's house. She* silent sod twitching; her daughter pale and beautiful as ever, but exhibiting a relief and rylm that the horror of the discovery did not hide, and the mother sat near her with her devouring eyes. She would take her band and pat it, and put up her own trembling fingers to smooth the shining bands of the young widow's hair. She would look at her atshoit intervals, with reviving interest and a fieree devotional intentness. " Wonld she see the bodyf She put her hands up and swayed wearily, after the manner of women in grief or d if tress. She would see it • We went where the once Sashing Indian was. A couple of candles were near the swollen figure, which lav as it bad been carried in, till the police should see it. They were expected every minute. The rings and stones were throbbing'and ptanrnng gt the fandlw from the clenched* handstand the studs radiated with blue and fire. These proclaimed him undoubtedly,, otherwise there was bat little resemblance to Alii face; his teeth were striped and stained with earth, while the clenched hands and the? contraction of the brows made theexpresmam utterly forbidding. Looking at the shining; stones, and feeling the morbid wonder that all men feel in some degree, I- was for tfime unaware of the oppressive atmosphere, and unaware for a time that Mrs. Lyell was* standing dose to the body, with her hack to me, showing a movement of the ahmiidfrB which might be grief. It was not griefc I sat quietly down in a chair, seemg in a mirror on the opposite side of the room, which showed a face as white as the wall it was> hong upon, bleached and aged, with every muscle drawn, and every wrinkle drawn, with, the lips pressed determinedly—seeing alto gether so settled an expression of fear and resolve that I felt my heart beating, loudly eering her with a grip of the dead maira clenched hand, and opening it—seeing the fingers slowly bending back upon her fingers,, showing the yellow hoops that heldthe-dia moods ne was so fond of—seeing a tatter ofc something crushed in the nerveless grasp— seeing her drawing that something away, and: by the act of drawing it out showing it to be a fragment of black lace with bugle trim mings-seeing by a movement of hers the gWming of bugle trimmings oh her own jacket, and the frayed, strained ends at a. gap where some had been twisted off—seeing her hurriedly hide it away in the pocket oi her dies—seeing her torn to me with rising red spots below the eyes—seeing the eves wilder than ever—hearing the police-entering the hall door; and Bering tbem enter the room where we were—serene nothing.else on. my way home, and all nightlong seeing and* hearing nothing else for a week of long, rest leas nights hat that I ceased to be a lodger when MkaLyeH* was down with fever. The last time I saw her daughter was beside her mother's grave,, when die Rev. Slippersley spoke of the "re surrection and die life." Four years ago this month of January the wealthy and beautiful widow married Colonel* Thomas Whiteiaw, and sailed for the south, of Europe. 