. MONGOLIAN A. BY "E." Mongoliaoa, or the region better known as Little Bourke-Btreet, is a province lying to the north of the river Yarra, and bounded on all aides bv Senior- Constablo Dalton. Thin land flows with itinerant vendors of cabbages, who arc known under tho ono common name of John and "Heathon Chinese," whoBe oroed ssoms to bo in lottery tickets. Soundings have at various times been taken of the depths and shallows surrounding it, more oupeoially of tho depths which for "pecu liarity" seem, according to records, to bo almost unfathonablo. Wanderers in this locality generally run aground in ono of its "oonvenient" blind alleys, and come out again, either to go into dock, or, after paying port dues, got lauded with a pick iu tho most approachable gutter, before their cargoes are discharged, Mongolians supplies Mel bourne with everything from n penny Herald to a pitchfork. It is passible to get ob nice a double-barrelled inquest contracted for thorn as anywhere about Australia ; and the capacity discovered among its inhabitants for tho utterance of biblical phraseology is un surpassed in nuy country. Besides Mongolians about as good a census of all-rouud European rogues could bo worked by from the looality by any ontorprising registrar- general who didn't mind touching inquiries as to " what the rosy Hades ho wanted busnackiog round thoro for," as could be desired. Altogether, as a rule, Mongoliaua is a good quarter to keep out of. Nevertheless it has attractions, and at this particular season thoy are perhaps moro to bo seen than at any other. Thoro ia a special interest in this thoroughfare now, and will be for some little timo, for New Year's day has just reached it, after generally fooling all round the rest of tho civilised world. I will confiue myself to the con nection tho heathon portion of. its inhabitants has with tho occisiou, nnd let the Christians alono — their daily life being minutely described daily in another short and epigrammatic column. Mongoliaua in the drizzling rain of yesterday, presented about as miserable an appearance as a wot rag on a lee cathead 011 a cold and frosty morning, stilt thero wire some things about it which servo to point a tale. There ore others whioh servo to point a tail also, but them it is uuneccaary to mention hero. Something red, woich iu ignorauce I fondly imagined to he the proud Hag of tho Chinese Empire, floats gaily in the wind, or is stuck upon tho door panel of almost every house in tho street, and gives an appearanoe as if Mongolia wn' just recovering from a rash. Thero aro other connpicuusities, about the most notable of which ia tho absence of all smolls Hying round, which becomes qnite refreshing alter leaving the highly scented nnd more fashionable promenados of 'Mel bourne. According to an invitation, I set out for Mongolia, and went to call on Shang Hai. Shaug Hai'a door was Illuminated with a red strip of paper, which in choice Chinese bid me wel come. Sd I knocked. Shaog Hai came to greet me himself, and I entered. Tho red eruption seemed ten timoo worse inside tho heuse than 011s, piles ot it being strewed all over the tables. Sbang Hai is an es timable man, aud keeps a"bank" — tho chief feature of which is that nobody ever seems to draw any money from it. He is not behind in features himself— or rather he is — the most conspicuous of his being a sort of four horse power capacity naturo has provided him with for occupyiug sitting space, whioh makes it rather uecomfortablo for the outside man who may he riding in the same cab with him. Shang Hai brought Iiis foundation to an anohor, and then commenced grouting me. He kept on greeting for a long while — probably be might have been greeting now if I hadn't cut him short with tho infor mation that I was a reporter beat on picking up something about his ways at this festive season. " All rieht. Me sabhee ; berry good. Him show bim Josb first." I had a dim sort of idea that I was to be introduced to a fomale edition of Shaog Hai, but con cluded otherwise when my host, putting on a felt hat, invited me to go to Emerald Hill. We went. Iu a largo building we visited wore congregated a few hundred Chinese, all in various attitudes of hoatbeu devotion to a "Joss," whioh looked about as much liko Kantankeron at tho Opera House as anything f-lee. I learned that custom de manded offcriuge should be made to this fes tive idol, and as these oilo-ings consisted of considerable amounts of P.B., I concluded that Joss must havo rather a thirsty timo of it whenever he holds court. Tho Jess house was hung round wish hundreds of colored lamps. On one side of tho idle was a fiery wooden steed, which looked wicked in his only available oye, nnd seamed to be in n stato of perpetual itato of preliminary bucking. Shang Hai told mo this barb was kept for Joss whenever ho should choose to take the air. If Joss isn't greater shakes at riding than walking, the ohanoes aro he'd land on a soft part scon after mounting, that is if he is accommodated with a soft part to land on. All hands went in for burning joss sticks, and prayers got scattorod about until you could have stacked them knee deep against tbo wall. Tbo celestials went in a hurrioano, and I began to think cbom pious until a most heathen wink, and a decidedly unevangelioal poke in the ribs from a female pigtail, rendered all further contemplation on the subject unnecessary. Wo left the Joss House and returned to Mongoliaua. On our way Shang Hai told me it was a day of rest from all kinds of work, anil that charity would bs -found Heating alinut gonerally. Tho lirBt item was evidout — but osrtain remarks I made, whioh ho pretended not to understand, induced mo to iio somewhat sceptical as to tho other, and somehow tho Chine-e custom of charity dropped out of our conversation. On our way to his lieuso Shang Hai informed me it was the custom to write requests to tho departed Celestials on paper, and then stick them about tho place. He had stuck one on his lieu house, requesting his grandmuma to grant bis hen lots ef ecus. I banncned to meet tho eye of thnt hen, and if Shang Hai's grandmuma induces her to lay an egg under theso circumstances, she will deserve much — for itB moro than nature could. Shang Hai told mo tho season would last about thr<;o weeks, during which as many Chinoao as didn't feel hungry by that timo would spend their days sitting on their haunches, and. mO- tapliorically speaking, chaunting 'Hallelujah ' Mongolia goes iu for good things about this period, and deiunct celestials are supposed to reap the benefit of the good things too. If Sbang Hai's relations eat all that is sent thorn by him, they'll burst up, if a dis embodied and disemboweled spirit can. Live heathens also do bills and drafts with dead ones by moans of gold and silver papers, representing coins, whioh they transmit to tho otlior world by burning them boforo nn altar. Whether tho chequeB aro ever pre sented or not thoro is no record to show, Shang Hai isn't a bad sort of a fellow when drawn out, aud behaved like a lord all day. At an early hour coleBtiale bogan turniug in to his hotuo, until nt last thoro were about seventeon of the hungriest looking Mongols, all in various attitudos, and all talk ing aud smoking, as ono would get a chance of fiuding together anywhere. Ono old follow who rejoioed in tho intorrogative and suggestive .-qcllation of Ah Why, evi dently bad come to mako the most of Shang Hai, for from tho beginning to tho end of tho day ho kept on stowing away things down his throit in a manner mnrvollouB to seo. Next Now Year's Day Miang Ilai is going to lit a patent safety valvo 011 Ah Why— a very simplo Arrangement, but, liko oar steam register, very effective. Ah Why will havo a straw tied round his atomaoh, and be allowed to make a boast of himself till it bursts. As it was, thoy hnd to lay him be fore tho kitchen fire and oil hia stomach, about tbo mlddlo of the feast. Before the evening I happened to saunter iuto Shaug Hai'a Uitoheu, where I found an oleaginous Mongol engaged in rigging up fixings for dinuer. He sat beforo a fire basting a rabbit. "Yon like him rabbit!" he said. Brnnton Stephens floated beforo my vision for a moment, and I remembered " Little Fly." John ca lei it a ralibit, hut I felt, somehow, that it mowed once. By the sonnd of ging I, among Shang Hai's other guests, was summoned to his spread, whioh, to do him credit, wasn't bad. Along tablo was literally groaning under tho weight of luxury upon it. A sweet smile of satis faction oversproad) Shang Hai's face as he nshpred ns in, and I saw old Ah Why's eyes squirm till they almost lociked at each other round the back of his head. Mino host politely offered me a plaoe next himself, and we got on well together. In order to make myself the better understood by bim I dashed madly into a conversation in broken Chinese. Shang Hai was delighted, The company weren't bad fellows, and, 1 must say, as goucl all round feeders they woro simo pump kins, not to mention a fluent method they had of hiding wine inside their skins. A savoury dish near mo attracted every body's attention. The oover being takon off disclosed that rabbit. Ono thing for Sbang Hai I will say. He was eminently straightforward with mo. With a smile, pointing to tho dish, he said, "You like him, lillio bow wow '! ' I didn't waut to offend him, so pretended ignorance as to tho natnro of tho viaod. " Him all the same very much good. You try him tail. Plenty money cost him Saang Hai. Him oatoheo lillio .bow'wow day two go. Plenty fino very muoheo fat." I felt it to be a " registered " dish, and avoided rabbit, but otherwise I lot out among tbe other things. After feeding was over, tho heathens cams out of ftheir skinB, and Shang Hai got up and made an olegant speeoh, which was recsived with marked favor. Brandy camo into tho feast about this time, nnd the way it went out of it was a oautiou. Ah Wby seemod to want something, for I saw him slip several bottles under his capacious jumper, and slide a leg of mutton gracefully down the leg of bis breeches I afterwards learnt these were for the benefit of his de parted grandmother. Somebody sittieg next Ah Why took advantage a' him after about the tenth nobbier of brandy had floated down his throat, and represented himself as that grandmother. There wasn't much do- function shewiug through her, but never theless Ah Why accepted her as his lost rolative, and devoted himself aud his energies immediately to tho lilting up of any vacuum thero was in whan he believed to lie her hungry stomach. He began to play I he old party with vinuds, aud the amount she got rid of was, calculated, enough 10 cause an explosion — but sho stretched liko n glove, and it didn't ooms off. I felt a doubt ubnut how long that grandmother would hang out — but Ah Why evidently know more than .1 did, for ho clasped her round tho waist with one arm, and plied hrr from a bottle with the other till site foil baok over a jtisn stick, and her pigtail coming in oontaet frizzed for moment, and then fell on the floor, There was some music in the air about this time, and an unchostly exclamation esoaped from Ah Why'a grandmother, accom panied with what gave Ah Why a view of starlight. That ghost hecamo rather warm proporty, and seizing a stool addressed Hnng Hai on tbe forehead Shang jumped up like a cork from a gingcrbeer bottle, and the next T saw was n coil of Chines , on tho floor. This seemed to be a signal for general motion, and those seventeen Celes'ials'went for each other with a truly Christian spirit. Shang Hai took a decanter in the stomach without a murmur, but as he curled up I caught tbe look iu his eye, and it movod me. I felt the hour was approaching when tho Porno and Goodwill began coming in. I'm not good at peace and goodwill nt any time. I slid, and the last I saw of Chinese New Year's Day was a glimpse of Ah Why aa he lay on the floor fondly clasping his grand mother by tho throat, aud basting her faco with a leg of mutton I have since learnt that Bach festivities are not the custom in China, and can easily believe that, when well carried out, the Afongnlian Now Year's Day has some points about it. 