MAN'S NATURE. All irrational creatures attain their end unconsciously and necessarily. Nothing depends upon themselves. Tbey can no more help attaining it than the stone, abandoned to itself, can help falling. Bat with man it is not so. He must serve God with all his faculties, and especially with the two noblest of all—the intellect and wiU. He must firmly believe on God's • unerring word, whatever He reveals, be it ever so incomprehensible ; and cheerfully do, in obedience to God, whatsoever He commands." And he has to do this in the face of terrible difficulties. Having a body, like the other animals, he hungers and thirsts like them, and is swayed by the same instincts. But, unlike them, he has sometimes to obey, and sometimes to resist, these impulses. The quality and quantity of the animal's food is regulated for it by instinct. It can commit no excess. But for man it is to be regulated by reason; and the world is filled with the vices to wbich the passions hurry men when allowed to command, instead of being compelled to obey. Amongst these fatal passions, stands foremost the impulse of impurity. A passion so universal that it has filled the world in all ages with woe, and rises like a foul stench from every page in history ; so powerful and obstinate in its life-long assaults, that men have often not merely yielded, but declared that it was impossible to resist; so fierce, that the preacher of virgfnity prayed in his anguish, but prayed in vain, to be delivered from it; so deadly, that the indulgence of a single thought excludes from Heaven, .and merits eternal damnation! Is it not a common thing for men to endeavour to escape from suffering by " drowning thought ?" Is it not a thing so common as to be proverbial? Is it not often the cause snd excuse of the vice thaifills so many homes in this city with want? If, then, there is such a temptation to escape the misery of an hour, how much stronger must be the temptation to extinguish the dread thought which will tolerate no criminal gratification, or which will punish it with everlasting burning! There are but two roads to peace. The passions draw man towards sin; his conscience pulls him back to virtue. If he would enjoy peace, he must break with either entirely. He must give up sin, or destroy his faith in the awful doctrine of another life! Anyone who will but examine closely the various thoughts that pass through his mind will occasionally disco ver one that flits through it like a ghost. It is the thought that if a man could but bring himself to believe that these awful truths were false he would be judged by his belief! One might as well fancy that if he closed his eyes when going over a precipice he would not be hurt. It is, therefore, natural for a man who will not give up sin to be tempted to try to dis. believe these awful truths. " Dixit insipiens in corde suo ; ' Non est Detis. 7 " " The fool hath said in his heart: ' there is no God.'" What is the duty of the parent who sincerely holds all the old beliefs, though, for the sake of argument, we suppose him to be mistaken, and who knows, from his own temptations and struggles, the temptations and struggles going on in the heart of his hild? Should he, could he, ignore the existence of the child's passions, and leave their reguation to chance? or should he teach the hild self-control, SELF-DENIAL, from the earliest dawn of reason? Should he keep the passions dormant as long as possible by shielding the child from temptation, and eaching it to shrink with an instinctive horror from the knowledge of evil? and should he fortify the reason and will by constantly holding before them the beauty of virtue, and showing that it alone can give rue happiness ? Let ns now see whether he finds that the maxims of the world throw their weight into the scale along with reason or with the assions. 