TSSi OONTSSiUTSg- A NIGHT WITH THE SPIRITISTS. by an occasional correspondent. London, l , ..xi k-jili One of the most peculiar and extraordi nary exhibitions at present to be seen in London is in a small house in a somewhat obscure neighborhood. I say "exhibition," because for the very life of me I cannot de- termine whether it is absolute reality or a compound of clever manipulation and reality. I have endeavored; to get at the bottom of the mystery, but "hitherto with out success. The believers in tho pheno mena call it " spiritualism," and-as there is no necessity to quarrel about words, let it be understood, in the following narration of facts, that the term'is to betaken as express ing the idea that those who believe in tho ; phenomena have of it, rather than as the theory of the writer, that the effect produced emanates or is the direct efforts of departed human identities. I may as well say at once that I cannot understand what I have seen, how produced, or much loss what good effect is likely to come of it. . But, . whilst admitting all these objections, the effects obtained, are so extraordinary, amounting, perhaps, to the supernatural, and as proba bly they are not generally known, they .may be worth describing. Shall I say that I. was a sceptic when I first undertook to investi gate these phenomena ? say rather a sceptic of sceptics. Like all the rest of my fellow- I creatures I had heard of table-turning, sDirit communications, and such like necu- Rarities. It is not generally wise to laugh at what one does not understand, merely because it is outside .one's idea of nature. So many circumstances were related to me by freinds from time to time, whose veracity was beyond dispute, that I determined, should opportunity again present itself, to still try again in my career of investigation. There is published "in London a small weekly paper called the Medium and Day r break, which may be said to be the organ of the spiritualists in England. Chancing to become possessed of one of these numbers, I thought, while reading the same, that what ever " tho spirits" could do, they certainly were not good at writing, and that their editorial education had been greatly neg. lected. The advertisements struck mo as peculiar. Amongst other things I learnt that "Mrs. Mary J. Holli3,' of the United States, had just arrived in London, and that from twelve to five o'clock, at an address given, for a fee of one guinea, and in the evening at eight o'clock for ten shillings, direct spirit wilting is given on the slate;" and, .".in the evening, the spirit friends of those, present ; in the circle speak in the audible voice." ' ' Mrs, Olive, trance: medium; and fdr the cure of various diseases by spirit magnetism and prescrip tions, fee, 2s. 6d." "Mrs. Empson under- , takes the diagnosis and treatment of disease under the direction of spirit physicians, fee, ,10s." "Miss Lottie Tawler, the great American sonnambulist clairvoyants, whose I reputation is well-known for revealing startling facts, communicates with living and the dead, &c.j; fee, one guinea." Mrs. "Woodruff, in addition to all other advan tages, for the benefit of our French friends, says : — "On powrm s'aitretenir enDrancais," I and, as an additional inducement to go to her, says, "terms reasonable." Farther I down the column the fact ia stated that I "Dr. John Hunter and Dr. Mdsmer may be consulted tnrougu tne meanunsnip or Air. Robert Harper ; fees, 5s. to f?l„" In addi tion to all these directly professional me diums, my Daybreak informed me that "a home for spiritualists " could be had in London, and that visitors from the country would find a "home from home" at the house of a Mrs. Jackson; in Russell-square, j Two tailors, who in addition to allowing " a liberal discount for cash," and-, "correct fit I guaranteed,"— I bethought me tailors, | whether spiritual or otherwise, generally I make that self -same announcement— were also spiritualists. u A spiritualist desires: a 1 situation as clerk " did not interest me much, and the fact that "R. .Wcrtley (the well- known medium)!; undertaker, -. promises spe cial funerals for spiritualists, in any part of I London," was, I trust; not ahaong9t my im- I mediate wants. The gentleman who adver-- I tises his. "Psychopathic institution for the j enre of diseases" seemed, to me to have chosen a word not easily understood. The advertisement . of Mr. . Charle3 E. Williams seemed to irie to be the most busiuess-like," arid should be given in its entirety, as.it is a gem in its way. Here it is -"Mr. Charles El Williams, medium, is at licmo daily, to give private seances, from 12 to 5 p.m. Private seance3 attended at the houses of investigators. Public sconces at G1 Lamb's Conduit-street, on Monday evenings, admis sion, 2s.. 6d.; Thursday evenings, 5s.; and Saturday evenings, for spiritualists only, 53.; at S o'clock each evening. Address as above." The fee for Monday night was not high, and, perhaps, although not a "spiritua list," admission might be obtained on the Saturday night. So having cleared the way. by explaining how I became aware of Mr. Williams's existence, 1 will, without farther ado, give my experience. I have already said that CI Lamb's Conduit street is in an obscure neighborhood— I mean no offence to"" Lamb's Conduit, street, only that after vainly trying to reach it on foot, I got lost and had to obtain the assistance of a cab. The street looks melancholy, and a general air of seediness pervades the various shops. No. 61 is situated next door to a re tail dis pensary of "spirits," ordinarily called a priblichouse, and is a small two-storied building, the lower part being occupied as a tailor's 3hop, and Hie floor above is devoted to the " spirits," there being only the ground and first floor in the house. I am particular in my description of "floors," so as to meet any objection of assistance being rendered from any rooms under the one. in which we Bat. The two rooms in which the " seances," as they are termed, are held, are certainly shabbily furnished and generally frowsy — a Victorian friend, who accompanied me, said they sadly wanted cleaning. They consist of a front parlor, communicating with tho back room by folding-doors. We — for I may as well mention that I was accompanied by a Victorian friend who still more than my self was determined to disbelieve in the '"spiritualistic" origin of tho effects pro duced — arrived at the rooms just described about ten minnte3 to eight, and a3 there was no one else present, wo spent the time in close scrutiny of the apartments, peering into every nook and cranny, and doing our best to satisfy ourselves that no person was hidden. Indeed it would have been almost impossible for anyone to have been so con cealed, as beyond a small cupboard there was nothing to hold a full-grown child, ex- ccpb "tho cabinet" to be afterwards de scribed. Shortly after eight people began to assemble, and the company which numbered some fifteen were seemingly well-to- do people, about half ladies. I should mention that the occasion was a Saturday night seance, to which, although not "spiritua lists," I found there was no objection to our presence. Some present evidently were on friendly terms, and we noticed that they spoke as if they were believers in the spirit- I ualistic origin of the phenomena. Soon after eight Mr. Williams came in. If met in an omnibus or railway carriage there is nothing about his appearance to attract attention. He is a man about 30 years of age, of average height, and has a somewhat theatrical look, perhaps a little like an actor out of luck. Very quiet in his demeanor and sparing of word3 is our medium, who commences by saying that he does not profess to "guaran tee ". any effects, and that if anyone does not desire to remain under those conditions they are at liberty to leave, The first, portion of I the; seance, that which I am now describing, it is to be understood is taking place in the front room, the folding-doora being closed and the entrance door locked. A candle is produced and lighted. On the table are placed a heavy musical box, a guitar, a small bell, and two paper cones, all the world like the bags grocers use for putting sugar into. The company are invited to Bit ronnd the table and join, .hands, Mr. Williams sitting with his hands on the table joined to those on either side of him. The gas is then extinguished, and a box of matches being placed in the candlestick, one of the com- j pony, myself, is invited "to take charge of the candle," which duty I am told consists in lighting the same when desired so to do. The candle is then extinguished, and. the company are of course in total darkness. General conversation went on for some ten minutes, and no sigu was made ; then some one proposed singing "to harmonise the "circle." The Old Folks at Home, and Home, Sweet Home, were gone through, hut the latter was scarcely concluded till someone at the side of the table opposite to mine said, "I feel a hand, touching me." A strange light, quite different to anything we had ever seen — lam now giving the joint expe rience of self and friend — seemed to come on to the table, and Beize the bell, carry it around the room near the ceiling, and then replace it on the table. The musical-box was then served in a similar way, and, indi vidually, I felt it placed on my head, or at all events some heavy body. The guitar was then floated round and round the room in a strange manner, and when replaced oh the table continued to play. Whilst playing I moved my hand over it, with the view of trying to disco.ver the player, bub without avail play it did, and continued so to do for some minutes. By-and-by some one again felt the hand, and a moment or two after the hand, or that which to me seemed like a hand, touched me on the face. The effect was not unpleasant, for it was warm and blood-like. It (the hand) then shook hands with various members of the circle, so they said, but as I am only telling what i happened to myself, what otherwise took place is at the least hearsay. In an audible voice, I said, "Will you shake hands with . me ?" To which a vo'ce replied, " Hold out your hand," I thought here i3 a chance to show up the whole imposture, for if I get a chance, hold tight L will. I held out my hand, and something which felt to me like two 'fingers without nails, shook me vigo- : ronsly. Tightening my grasp, I tried to hold . the hand, but it seemed to loo3en itself and to glide away. My friend also was favored by a shake, but the hand in that case was like a woman's hand. I had more than one shake, and so had several of my neighbors. Eeyond the removal of the musical box and the guitar effects, together with strange light3, nothing else happened at what may aptly be termed theT first portion of the . : seance. I ought to say that the- lights were very distinct and much resembled those of , glow-worms. Grio gentleman present com pared them to the light given off by fire flies. 1 then, by request, struck a match and by its aid lit the candle and also the gas. . Genera! i osversation then ensued for some five miuutcs, each, one relating his experience, from which I gathered that those who sat nearest the medium had been more generally, favored by the "spirits ;" some . had felt nothing. Mr. "Williams then opened the folding- doors previously men tioned, and wh effect from the hack of the room towards the folding-doors a large cup board like structure, called by him the cabinet. It looked for all the world like a wardrobe, very coarsely finished, of un- painted pine. In the early part of the even ing wc had most carefully examined this piece of furniture; the dimensions were G feet wide ; height, Oi feet ; depth from back to fi oat, 29 inches. . It has a strong wooden floor, stands on four short turned legs, a wooden top, and is closed at back and ends. iniront are turee doors two tees wide. The . middle door is a fixture, and the two sido ones are hung on hinges, opening outwards, with holts outside and in. In each door, a few inches from the top, there is an opening some foot and a halt by about 15 iriebes in depth. A curtain is hung inside each aper ture. At cither end of the cabinet is a wooden bench scat, in which are cut holes, these holes being for the puipose of tying the hands of the medium. 1 might just remark that in this respect it differs from the ordinary rope trick, inasmuch as each hand is "tied to tho seat separately, and, on the occasion spoken of, in such a way that the whole proceedings are the more remark able and so far incomprehensible', inasmuch . as the hands, being so separated and tied by tho wrist, seem to prevent the chance of fraud. The use of tho cabinet is to enable I the medium to be satisfactorily tied that the phenomena may bo tested ; to partially in tercept adverse influences, and to concen trate the influence of operating spirits. The medium, having been very carefully and to all appearance securely tied to one of the seats, the .lights were again extinguished. The end at which Mr. Williams sat had tho door closed, tho one at tho opposite end being left open. Tho company present rat close around the cabinet, in the form of a circle. Again singing was resorted to, and probably ten minutes were thus spent. A slight rustling, or movement, was heard in the cabinet, as if tho medium was moving uncasi'y, and shortly after a light like unto those seen in the earlier part of the evening, was "seen'at the open door- way, only in this instance the light was much larger. Again a few minutes passed, and a faint outline was seen, but in this instance I saw nothing; a few moments afterwards I certainly most distinctly saw a figure. In its hands it carried a light which gave forth sufficient 1 luminosity to enable each and all to sea with 1 the utmost clearness its form, shape, and I general appearance. My idea of the "spirit" — in this description on comparing notes my friend coincided as to its accuracy — is that of a man of dark complexion, like that of a New Zealander, with some color in tho checks, features not large, nose prominent and aquiline, eyebrows, whiskers, moustache, and an immense beard, all very black. Tho head wa3 covered with a peculiarly-shaped turban, tho ends of which hung down over the shoulders and were cut square. Alto gether not an unpleasant face ; indeed, I should say a handsome one, and decidedly intelligent looking. Tho " spirit " advanced from the cabinet, and, bending down, blew the light till its brilliancy was increased. Iri so doing the lips moved as in the case of au ordinary mortal. So far as I could see it moved without legs, or, at all events, the body seemed to float or glide along rather than walk. In a deep sonorous voice, it said " Good evening," and the company gene rally responded. "Can you let mo feel the light?" said ono gentleman. "Certainly," was the response, "hold out your hand;" and, without more ado, the spirit advanced and placed the light, which in size resem bled urn emu's eg, in the hands of the querist, who held it a few seconds. The Bpirit returned to the cabinet, and in a minute or so returned ; then advanced twice or thrice, each time returning to the cabinet and becoming invisible. Again emerging, it came further into the room, and seemed to fiass into the table on which it placed the igbt, and in so doing gave with the lurai- I nous body two or three audible b'ows. lam particular in saying that it seemed to go or pass into the table, for there was no evidence of walking. This weet on for probably a quarter of an hour, varied by returning to the cabinet. Several preseufc addressed questions, and were answered in a pleasingly conversational manner. Nothing of import ance, however, can be attached to the con versations, for the questions were such as could have beeu answered by an ordinary mortal, without occult influence. From conversation, I learnt that, on previous oc casions, "John King," by which name the phantom was known, had stated that, when on earth, he was Sir Henry Morgan, and that he had been a naval officer ; that he lived in the time of Queen Elizabeth, and that " Sir Walter Raleigh was a companion of his." There was sufficient licht in the room to enable each and all to distinguish those present. With more than one person present "John King" shook hands, but did not respond to my invitation for a shake. Another voice was heard, said to be that of a departed spirit, one "Peter," but beyond some stupid attempts at jokes, nothing was elicited from him. It was said that " Peter' had on earth been "Tom Barry, the clown but his remarks were neither entertaining nor peculiarly edifying. "John King " ind his light gradually became fainter, till at last nothing but the merest outline was visible, and before finally "going out," or into the cabinet, " Good night, 1 can do no more," was said twice. The candle was then lit, also the gas, and the medium, who looked very pale and exhausted, was found seated I with his hands tied exactly as before tho lights were extinguished. The seance being I concluded, v/e paid our money and left. I The question naturally arises ' ' Cu i bono" — 1 I even if all described is true, what good can 1 come of it ? Honestly, after carefully think- I ing the matter over, apparently none either ! to those here or elsewhere. One thought, perhaps not inappropriate, struck me, thai it must be a horrid existence for a "spirit " , to be at the beck and call of any medium, . professional or otherwise, to be exhibited at : prices varying from one shilling upwards, 1 dou't profess to comprehend, let alone un- xlcrstancl, what wa3 seen, felt, and heard, and have only, as a faithful chronicler, at tempted to tell all, and to nothing extenu ate. Some have endeavored to explain the visional portion on Pepper's gliost princi ple. The difficulty in accepting that solu tion, if oven other matters were comprehen sible, i3 that in Pepper's ghost only one color was produced, and with "John King" several were 3ho\vn ; face, beard, eyes, and drapery all varying. Again "Jolm King" teas felt. On one occasion— but of course for this fact I don't vouch personal know ledge — a portion of " John King's" drapery was, with his consent, cut off, and a curious piece of Indian muslin was shown to me, said to be the piece. Then Doblin, Heller, and other conjurors certainly perform some wonderful tricks, but they won't allow their apparatus to bo examined as was done by most present at Mr. Williams's. The Sydney Moaning Herald states that "Francis Gardiner, alias Christie, alias Clarke, was liberated from Darliughur3t gaol on Monday, and on the evening of that day lie proceeded to Newcastle by the steamer Daudenong. It was intended that he should leave Newcastle for Hong Kong by the Charlotte Andrews, but it is not imjjro- bable that ho may go elsewhere by another vessel." 'She Newcastle Pilot says: — "The released convict Gardiner arrived here, ac companied by two detectives, in the steamer from Sydney. He was placed in the lock-up, anil will be detained tlicrc awaiting the departure from thi3 port of a vessel in which he is to be convoyed to exile." The races between the tea ship3 from China not only take place now on the voy age to London, but also to tlie Australias. The Sydney Morning Herald of . the 23rd inst. remarks that : — " The annual racesfrom China to England between the tea clippers, with the first of the new crop, have ter minated just as those to Australia are com mencing. Of late yearn the single steamer which loaded for the colonics ha3 invariably distanced the sailing vessels, and it was hot until the present season— when it was steam v. steam — that anything like a race occurred. The Legislator was loaded first, and got away on 16th Juue, followed by the Amoy on the 21st— the for mer, though having the advantage of n start, being heavily handicapped with a number of ports to call, while Ifer rival came through direct to Melbourne. Tlie Legislator liad a' portion of her cargo landed m Sydney at three p.m. yesterday, when the Amoy was telegraphed as having passed Cape Otway. She will bo landing her cargo in Melbourne just as the Legislator is resuming her voyage for th.t port, anl her teas will arrive here simultaneously with those per tho latter steamer at Melbourne. The opening sales of both cargoes in the two cities will proba bly take place on the same day ; so that, for 1S74 at least, honors are divided." 