THE THEATRE ROYAL. Mb. Fatbclough as Kichabd III.— Surely no play of the immortal bard has been so hashed, hacked, pieced, portioned, and heaven save the mark! improved, professedly to suit the exigen cies ot tne moaem stage tnan tne grana mstonc tragedy, 'Richard the Third.' Yet despite the gratuitous and at times unneeossary interpolations of Messrs. Gibber and Co. which have in most instances only disintegrated the character, and thereby obscured tho true meaning of the text, there is no dramatic work of the great author which stands in higher favour with a large majority of playgoers than this. 'While speaking of these added passages, wo must confess that we see but one in the whole play v hich can be deemed necessary or really useful, £ id that only to an audience. A reader iniist Lorn the context see the true meaning ?A her apparent acquiescence to the murdering suitor's proposal for her daughter's iund, where Quoen Elizabeth in tho ictiDg version is made to say in an aside aat her compliance with the usurper's wi«h is n!y for the purpose of deceiving him anu so tuning time; and even that might be by a tjsablo actress convoyed to the minds of her oarers without being actually expressol in ords. The role of the Duke ef Gloster is also one ?hich presents difficulties to tho artist of ulture and intelHgence, though they are ef a . ?miowhpt different nature, and more easily erconie when ho has fairly conceived tho part an those which beset him in Hamlet. '0 speak of the higher members of tho pro ? tsion, for there bo Richards and rlichards, and ? many actors of minor attainments deomthom Ives competent to sustain this really difficult aud ?duous part, trusting to unrestrained energy of *.ion and unlimited rant to carry oil their : onipetence. They of course only present ? i sanguinary swaggeriug ruSuu who is \- often made to do duty for tho \- ibtile accomplished courtier Richard Duko of ?ilofcter. Tis a magnificent conception of the old bad man who once ruled the destiaioa of 'ogland with so firm aud unwavering a hand, '-.is Richard of the poet. A n'ondish character, , .-anted — yet no poor paltry juggling fiend, but ; irenius worthy of the great iipostato angel luiself — meriting the reprobation of every ? onest ainl humane man if you will, yet invoking ^voluntary admiration by its inherout graudour; sail who in any circumstances or f-tatiou must oovitably have achieved earthly greiuicss, aud, ,iven better controlling influences in early lifo, cs-ibiy even true groatuc-ss. A miad com ;Ling inipetuousness and daring with cynical 1 iiiitiousntss ; scholarly, and with clear, iucUiro, crceptive faculties in advance of his age, yot trriiied by superstitious such as might affright . 'io vulgar. These were the seeming contra dictions which made up tho giant intellect of *. ae man who, attempting to defy fato, ruid bond the jangling discords of his time to his own advan tage, carele&s; in his sublime se'fithneEs of who fell &o; that he rose, failed eventually only because in his impadenco and scorn of weaker minds he permitted his reckless daring to gain the ascendanc3' over his habitual caution. A crowded attendance, including His Excel lency the Governor aud suite, assembled to witness the appearance of the now star iu this favourite role. Aft«r his most admirable impersonation of tho Danish Prince Mr. Fair dough's Richard wa.-, taken as a whole, minor disappointing, though not wanting ia p\ssa^res \--f true exeelkuce; sti'l there wero several 1'ortijns where tho acting wri i-y no Means up to tlu Criterion wg bad formed if the gentleman's abilities. Some por tions of the drfma we have certainly s-.-e' 1 etter played by worse players. It may bo ] -remised, howover, tiiat Mr. Faiiclough presents i-cuwnud in so iuo respects thoroughly original ? ending of tho part. For instance,' ho : -ffects no deformity, neither contortion of !-pine nor lameness, and the whole rendering vp to the lo»t two acts is rather saltdued, except for a satuinine glee which occasionally breaks lorth — sometimes at others but as often against Limsolf, and is not at all ineffective. That to which we take most exception is the early por tion of Richard's interview with Lady Auue, ia which tho affectation of grief and re j entanca seemed almost travestied, or .-it all events much over-act^d. That n woman, other th'n an utter fool or a i borough wantou, should, for the sake of a fo;v l.oueyed words, accept the lovo of a man hitherto held in utter detestation as the murderer of her husband and the author of all hor griefs is of itself improbable enough. Now, Mr. Fttirc'ough allowed it to bo too plainly per ceptible that he was acting a part, and the sneer never left his face, thuj -making the incongruity of the result still more marked. In tho third act, howover, thore was a great improvement. The actor seemed to warm to his work, and suc ceeded in arousing the interest of his auditors. In that questionable interpolated scene wkh bis wife the concentrated passion and vonom with which he asserts his satiety of her charms and wish for her death was exceedingly realistic. In the samo act the idea of the arch dissembler wiis-well assumed in the scene with the Mayor aid citizens, and the final bur*t of triumphant merriment at his success brought a responsivo tumult of applause from the audience, and he had to reappear before the footlights in answer to a reiterated call. In the next two acts there was little if aught to cavil at. Tne bursts of demoniacal rage or sardonic joy were intensely vivid without excess: for instance, the we41 kuown ' Off with his head— so much for Buck ingham,' was no bellow of hoarse rage to the gallery, but a short, passionate cry, dropping to a 'tone of deep satisfaction and gratified revenge. In the tent scene, which was well rendered, a change that is an improvement in an esthetic point of view was introduced, namely, that the ghosts do not stalk past, but their voices are heard out of the gloom denouncing their murderer. The remorseful agony of the terrified King was admirably depicted both in feature and accent in the speech ' Give me another horse,' and the '.Richard's himself again!' rang out like a clarion call. The attack on Richmond was like the rush of an infuriated wild bea^t, carele3P of what wounds he receives so that ho strikes his enemy to earth, and the dying throes almost too horribly real. At tho termination both Mr. Fairclough and Mr. Carry were called before the curtain amid general applause. Mr. Carey enacted the double part of Henry VI. and Richmond very creditably. Of the two he was more successful as the unfortunate martyred King with his calm dignity and gentle mariners. Ab the Earl his monologues were at times rather too measured, but he showed plenty of animation and energy towards the de nouement. Miss Bowling's Queen Eiiza beth waa well conceived and admirably presented. We must especially com metd her performance in the fourth act There was true heart-stirring pathos in the words, 'Glos-ter, I have none,' referring to hor murdered children in the interview with their assassin : and her withering scorn when first hi3 meaning becomes plain — that he desires to wod her daughter— was grandly pourtrayed. lias A listed exerted herself to please as Lady Anne; but it is rather tn unsatisfactory character at best, and except in the scene with th? Qneen and Duchess of York there waa nothing in her acting particularly worthy of notice, Mr. Holloway acted carefully and with eiiimation as Buckingham. Mrs; Holloway as.=umed the ro'.a of the Duchesa of York, and tbe remaining dramtttis pertoiue were creditably represented. There is some room for improve ment in the mounting, and more especially in the number and drill of the army. Richard the Third will te repeated this evening. 