CONFIRMATION. The following brief notes of an address by the Bishop to the congregation, previous to administering the rite of confirma tion, will doubtless now be read with special interest : — Before proceeding to administer the ordinance of confirma tion or laying on of hands, it may be well for me, my brethren, to advert briefly to its origin, and the reasons for it being enjoined upon all baptised persons by our church. I. First, then, I would observe that it was not, like the two sacraments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper, ordained by Christ himself; nor, although seemingly alluded to in Heb. vi., is it expressly commanded to be observed. Its origin is to be traced, not to any divine commandment, but only to to the practice of the apostles, who, as we learn from the Book of Acts, were accustomed to lay their hands xipon those who had been baptised, and to confer upon them, in some special manner, the gift of the Holy Ghost. Accordingly the example of the apostles is, as you may remember, referred to in our office for its administration. That such laying on of the apostles' hands, although doubtless esteemed a great privilege, and gladly received by those who could present themselves for it, was not essential for all Christians, is evident from the instance of the Ethiopian eunuch, who im mediately upon being baptised by Philip, without waiting to see any of the apostles, went on his way rejoicing. Our church, therefore, while enjoining it upon all her members, does not allege that it is generally necessary to salvation. II. But the question may be asked, Why, if confirmation was not instituted by our Lord, nor is commanded in the Scriptures, has it been thus enjoined by the church 1 For this, two reasons may be assigned. One is, that being, as we believe, after the death of the Apostles still retained by the early Christians, and administered as now among ourselves by bishops, it has been thus transmitted through successive generations to the present time. Hence, our church having preserved the anciou* -pal form of government, has naturally preserved also the ancient usage of bringing its members once in their lives to their chief pastor, in order that they may receive his solemn benediction, accompanied, after the example of the patriarchs as well as the apostles, with the laying on of hands. For myself, my brethren, I may say that I regard this rule of our church as conferring on me a very precious privilege, inasmuch as it brings me into direct spiritual connection with, and so gives me a personal interest in, every young disciple who is willing, upon coming to years of discretion, to consecrate afresh him or her self to the Lord's service. And, although I do not claim the power of bestowing, like the Apostles, extraordinary spiritual gifts upon those on whom I lay hands, yet do I humbly trust that my blessing as their Bishop, and my prayers, with those of the congregation, on their behalf, will not be unavailing for the establishment of the young persons presented to me in faith and holiness and joy of the Holy Ghost. Again, retaining the baptism of young children as most agreeable with the institution of Christ, and administering that sacrament upon the promise of repentance and faith made in their name by their sureties. Our church requires of all so baptised, that, when they have come to a mature age, and before they are admitted to the holy communion, they should themselves, publicly, in the presence of the congregation, declare their acceptance of the engagement entered into on their behalf; and that this declaration may be made in the most solemn manner, it has been connected with the apostolic rite of confirmation. This is the second reason for the church's injunction of this ordinance ; that at it children, being now come to years of discretion, and having learnt ' what their godfathers and godmothers promised for them in baptism, may, themselves, with their own mouth and consent, openly before the church, ratify and confirm the same, and also promise that by the grace of God they will evermore endeavour themselves faithfully to observe such things as they, by their own confession, have assented to. Such, my brethren, is the origin of the ordinance of con firmation, and such are the reasons which may be assigned for it being enjoined upon all the members of our communion. As administered only by bishops, and only to persons of mature age, it is now, I believe, peculiar, with few if any exceptions, to our own church, and to those churches which have sprung from our own ; and our retaining of it, and manner of using it, appear to me among the many tokens of the Lord's favour towards us. Although from not having been instituted by our Lord, nor commanded in the Scriptures, it is not to be regarded as of divine obligation upon all Christians, yet, since it has been derived from the practice of the Apostles and transmitted, as we believe, from their age to the present, it occupies the same position with Episcopacy itself, and may, I think, be reasonably regarded as, like it, appointed by the ' divine providence,' and under the guiding influence of ' the holy spirit.' On this account we esteem it to be entitled to special reverential regard. Moreover, in connection with infant baptism its advantages are obvious. In it God has graciously provided what seems to be the needful complement to that holy sacrament. In baptism, Christian parents are privileged to bring their infant children to the Lord, and at confirmation, the grown up man and woman have afforded them the opportunity of publicly ac cepting for themselves their baptismal covenants. Of such an opportunity every true Christian should gladly avail himself. For any one, when required by the church, to refuse to ac knowledge his baptismal obligations, is virtually to renounce his baptismal privileges. No one who is afraid, or ashamed, to make such an acknowledgement can claim to be regarded as a true disciple of Christ. If we be Christ's loyal subjects, we ought not to shrink from proclaiming our allegiance to him, I would, therefore, take this occasion of enforcing upon any young men and young women now before me, who have not yet received confirmation the duty of presenting themselves for it at the first opportunity ; and I would especially urge upon all parents their obligation to bring up their children, their sons as well as their daughters, to look forward to the time when as 'members of Christ,' they will be called upon to profess their own personal faith and love toward the Lord Jesus Christ, and their purpose, by the grace of God, to live as His disciples. 