THE "WTSDOV OP THE SEA SEBEENT. fjfew Xork Times.) Persons conversant with.-the procession of natural phenomena have confidently pre dicted a reappearance this season of the sea serpent. Of all the obliging monsters who, from time to time, appear to cater to the general appetite for the marvellous, the sea-serpent has achieved decidedly the most endnring popularity and fame. And this he has earned by a surprising self-restraint in the way of exhibition, which distinguishes Mm honorably from all his associates, and, indeed, from almost all artists who seek in a similar way to entertain the pnblic. Bis appearances have been few, but correspon dingly striking since the good Captain Laurent de Ferry, sailing from Trundkin to Bergen in the month of May, 1746, first discovered him basking peacefully on the waves. He had then "a horse's head, which rose two feet over the surface, and was of a grey color." He had " a dark brown month, black eyes, and apparently a long mane floating over the neck." Beyond this, at a considerable distance, could be seen " seven or eight coils, each of enormous size. Al together a very satisfactory and attractive monster, and it is difficult to understand bow thn could have had the heart to fire upon it. Fire he did, however, re gardless of the interests of posterity, and the nineteenth century had a narrow chance of losing its most agreeable marvel. For tunately the aim was unsteady. The animal plunged," evidently wounded," and did not reappear, and the honest mariners, much marvelling, returned to puzxle the good people of Bergen with their story. Pro bably it waa biB experience of man's perfidy that kept onr sea-serpent so long in retirement, and led him, when finally, in 1808, he did emerge, to present himBelf in much more terrifying fashion. _ MrM'Lean, in June of that year, waa sailing about tbe coast of. Coll, when he discovered an extra ordinary creature of enormous size—70 or 80 feet long—moving toward him " by progressive undulations up and down." Not unnaturally, Mr M'Lean and his men were thoroughly frightened, and fled with promptness. The monster pursued them leisurely to the shore, " frightened the crews of 13 fishing-boats," and returned slowly and majestically to its native deep. For some time past nothing has been heard of him, and the apprehensions of his ads mirers were excited lest he should have died of old age. or taken a final leave of public lifs. These fears were dissipated by his reoent triumphal appearance in three differ ent parts of the world almost simultaneously. On October 21, Captain Cbarlesworth saw iilm ja s cave near San Diego, California. He waa then " about 30 feet long, with three seta of fins, a tail like an eel's, and a bead like an alligator's." The fins were \- shaped like tboso of a sea-lion, each between three and four feet in length." ffbis was the harrowing tale which the captain unfolded to his friends, when, having coma to his assistance, they arrived In time to see 11 tbe marks in tbe mud left by the monster's form," and to fire their gnn* vaguely at that vanishing form, flirt ing back to them a malicious and serpentine farewell. ■ It will be observed that Captain Charles worth's sea-serpent differs in some respects from Captain Laurent de Ferry's. TTifl versatility of. expression, indeed, is one of onr monster's greatest charms. Still more artistic was his " get-up" when he disclosed himself, in a brief interview, to Mr Joans, of Golspie, in England, who, in a rather roundabout way, through the medium of several other gentlemen, has got bis story into the London Ttmra. Him, that simple and guileless sea-serpent of San Diego—laughing, no doubt,, in his fin as he did it—has had the art to make believe that he is a " saurian, allied to the plesiosaurus, and feeding with teeth of the oolitic type on terebratula and trezonieir, also oolitic molluscs.* His " large ears, similar to a horse's," however, reveal his identity with Captain de Ferry's friend ; and his ap pearance on October 21, in Bellhaven Bay, with a hundred feet or so of coils and undulations, at once confirms the supposition, and . show its posses sion, together with amazing versatility, of a most incredible rate of speed. The history of the sea-serpent is instruc tive, and furnishes an admirable lesson to giddy and weak-minded monsters, which sacrifice popularity to the temporary grati fication of variety and hunger of applause. That the sea- serpent is still so universally admired and sought after is duo to his avoiding the snares that have betrayed so many of his weaker brethren. The care with which be has timed his appearances, and the high-bred reserve of his demeanor, have kept np the interest and curiosity of the public. Wiser than some of his rivals, be baa never cheapened himself by tiresome iteration, or earned contempt by permitting familiarity. Many other monsters, with as many natural advantages, have been rained by their obstrnsizeness, or still more fatal error, by allowing themselves to be found out. The brief wonder of the wild man, for example, speedily resolves itself into. the commonplace reality of the escaped lunatie, The notorious Western ghost, with his stole, tricks of stone-throwing and plate smashing, has become more tedious than the familiar war-whoop of a certain semi-intellectual and bog-trotting contemporary. After an acquaintance with the Fiji impostor, who will care again for the most betwitching and tuneful of mermaids? Let monsters who essay hereafter to amnse the pnblic borrow some of the wisdom of the sea serpent, and practice the virtues of modesty and self restraint. So will they long re main as dear to the hearts of their admirers aa the sea-serpent is to the artless and con vivial mariner. .The New Fork Army and Navy Club;is to tender a banquet to Sir Lambert Lorraine, Commander of her British Majesty's ship Niobe, in testimony of their admiration of the prompt interference in behalf of the Virginias prisoners at Santiago de Cuba, last November. 