? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF jlOSLBOURNE. BLESSED PETER FABER. . The following is the concluding part of jfche sermon preached "by the Very "Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., sit St. Ignatius' Church, Richmond, on Sunday, 22nd November, in celebration of the beatification of Blessed Peter Faber:— I pass over the years which intervened between Faber 1 s boyhood and his first meeting at Paris with the extraordinary man- who was thenceforward to be his friend, bis guide, his father. This man was Ignatius of Loyola. Their lives are from that time 50 interwoven one with the other that it is necessary to recall those parts, of the life of Ignatius which serve to explain the nature of the great work for the doing of which he was raised up by God, and in the doing of which, he was to find in Faber His first co-operator. Whilst, then, the young shepherd 'preached at Villaret, where was Ignatius ? • Go in thought to the court of Spain. See, amidst the knights who are assembled to do homage to Charles V., that young noble, of lordly mien and haughty brow. See how all regard him as a man destined to hold the highest and most distinguished place in the career, whatever it may be, that he will choose for himself,- In battle, he is the very soul of chivalry, the bravest of the brave, the first to rush into the midst of danger, prodigal of his blood where duty and patriotism call on him to shed it. In peace, he is ever the first to undertake the defence of the weakand of. the helpless.. He is a poet and an artist, and poetry and music soften in 'him the sternness of the warrior. Brilliant, assuredly, will be the future of one on whom nature iB so lavish of her gifts, and on whom the world so flatteringly smiles! His name is Ignatius of Loyola. Had he persevered in- the military career, and not perished in Bome dangerous encounter into which his. impetuous bravery would have hurried him,he would withoutdoubt be numbered to-day amongst the greatcaptains of that age; for even his bitterest enemies admit that he was a man of vast power ot mind, of consummate prudence, of indomitable courage, of stern, inflexible, persevering, constant will, which no obstacle could divert from the pursuit of an object which it resolved to obtain; all which things are the ordinary elements of success. Some there are who, filled with admiration of the character of Ignatius, but at the same time under the influence of the spirit of the world, regret that he did not perish on the walls of Pampeluna, where he for the last time wielded the sword of. the flesh, since they believe that falling there he would have left a glorious, a heroic, an imperishable, a stainless name. If I recall that scene at Pampeluna I do so not solely because we behold it in the turning-point of his life, but likewise because it gives us an insight into the character of the man before he had become chastened in the school of Christ. Many of his companions in arms believe that, having done all that duty and honour could demand, they may without dishonour capitulate. Not so, Ignatius; he now as ever prefers death to dishonour. . With feelings finer than theirs regarding the duty of the soldier, he indignantly taunts them with what in his eyes is an ignoble thought; and followed by a few who share, his feelings, or who are shamed intoheroism by his taunts, he,rushes to the fortress resolved to perish on its walls. One of his biographers attributes to him at that moment words which if not authentic paint at least. with wonderful faithfulness, the interior of his chivalrous soul. Anticipating for Pampeluna a fate similar to that 1 which, befel Troy, he exclaims: "I do not consider " jEneaB worthy of admiration when I see '* him fly from the flames which consume " Troy; for to Bhun the common peril is the "nature of cowards; to perish in the urii- " versal .ruin is. the mischance of . brave "men.-, I should hold him to deserve im "mortal glory had he died a holocaust to " his fidelity.", , Such a holocaust'is Ignatius resolved to die. But vain are his heroic efforts. He falls ; yet he dies not. •. Let us not refuse it due meed of praise to his bravery, although it be true that iptb it th&re; enters much of the vain spirit of the world. "More worthy of admiration'in your eyes is he in the castle of Loyola, .whither his generous enemies bore him, than when with lion-like courage he, brandishes the sword orithe walls of Panjpeluna. S«!e Mra at Loyola ! "See his unshakeirfirmneBS' in the •midst of the' most Excruciating tortures I See how surgeons unpossessed of the tenderness for the'sufferer, and'of the r skill which characfcerisethose of our «la.y," slowly and ^callously saw through a bone, -while he heaves not a sigh,,titters 7 hot ia groan, undergoes not;even,a change of countenance > L Bnt l-Hsk you not jto pause .and >admire jthisimoje mire the «peratiog Divine, giggejjin his tfon|>}j By w or wgjsbpiiiid ^•tjhei^say, byjthe Provid^ntSS. re^ug^of tio»s,^, ^.^esttes^ judgrgo] afsud^CT/'anc .most'^singular tranSormatiOri. , , jCfirisi an': o^j^ sb L adiabie; rf a, Stodge •perfect^ that 1 ably "to'liiin—so ,! much ! so/thSt- Ire in disgust from the paladiiis of romance' in'whom he had hitherto believed that' he had discovered all that Was admirable in humanity, ' and whom to imitate had been the aiinof his life. See him at Montserrat prove the reality of the transformation by laying his sword and his dagger at the feet of the Immaculate Virgin, and declaring that henceforth he will be her knight. Follow him to Maniresa, and behold him, in silence and solitude, under the immediate guidance of the Holy Ghost. There is revealed to him the work for which God has chosen him; for : he, like St. Paul, is a vessel of election, to carry the glory of God's name even to the ends of the earth. You will perhaps say that I allow my love and veneration for St. Ignatius so to • carry me away that I forget Faber, whom we are assembled to honour. But does not all that is said of the operation of the Holy Ghost in the soul of Ignatius glorify the little shepherd of Villaret, who was to be his first associate in the work for which God had raised him up ? How incomprehensible are God's ways! When we trace back the lives of the two to the days of infancy, how unlike they are! By what different paths does God lead them to the same term! Not more dissimilar in their early years were the lives of Saul and Barnabas than -were those of Ignatius and Faber. Yet as the Spirit of God united those two apostles in the same great work: Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto I have taken, them"—even so did he ordain that Ignatius and Faber, so widely separated, so different in character from childhood, should be his joint instruments in the carrying out of a work very similar to that in the doing of which he had associated the two apostles; and as all that is said to magnify the extraordinary gifts of St. Paul tends to the glory of Barnabas and of his mission; even so we can in no way more effectually glorify Faber than by glorifying Ignatius, with whom God" was pleased to make him one in thought, in hope, in love, in zeal for the divine glory, and for the salvation of the souls of men. What, then, is the great work for which the Spirit of God prepares Ignatius and Faber? In order to understand it, we must recall to mind the causes which rendered the work necessary. We find them in the character of the times in which Ignatius and Faber lived. That unhappy century saw the beginning of a great rebellion against the Church of God, the direful effects of which continue even to the present day. It beheld in Germany a loathsome object capable, we should fear, of scaring away from the earth its protecting angels—a monk wallowin, the mire of impurity—a monk who casts away and tramples under foot the cowl beneath which he had for a time concealed his fetid vices, and openly revolts against the authority of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, In England it saw a brutal monarch effect a schism in order to justify, in the eyes of the world and of posterity, his unbridled lust, against which the Vicar of Christ inveighed with the same vehemence with which Elias had condemned the crimes of Acbab and Jezabel. That century saw the faithful servants )f Jesus Christ persecuted, deprived of jivil rights, outlawed, imprisoned, exiled, scourged, hanged, beheaded. It saw the jcaffolds red with.their blood in Germany, in France, in England, in Scotland, in Ireland. Bome of these evils were already in progress, some were near at hand, on the day whenTgnatius was borne, weltering in his blood, from Pampeluna to Loyola. He is the chosen one whose office it will be to stem in part the torrent of iniquity. But will he stand alone? No; fear not, Ignatius; He who gave to Gedeon the three hundred with whom he smote the Madianites will give to thee followers filled with' thy spirit, to stand by thy Bide in the day of battle! Such, according to the Sovereign Pontiffs Paul III. and Gregory XV;, was the mission of St. Ignatius and of the Society of Jesus. Ignatius meets Faber at Paris; they are fellow-students at' the University. By that sacred instinct which the Holy Ghost gives to perfect, souls they penetrate each other's interior, they see each other's character, they feel that it is God that has brought them together. I have said that Faber became the " salt of the earth," and the " light of the world." How didlgnatiuB transform him, so as to cause him to acquire those, two gifts, so necessary; for the apostolic man ? He did so by leading-bim into solitude, and revealing to him the secrets on which his own soul had fed at Mauresa. He induces him to make a. spiritual retreat of thirty days. . ; ./' ..... ; Ifother CahUl, afterhaving described the effects wh^eh the retreat produced: in Blessed Peter Faber,' and -the fruits which, even to the present day, arise from spiritual retreats. and from daily, meditation, loontinufid'.:-^- ' The plahof Ignatius is at length'ma!- . tured. 1 The example - of Faber is followed by -a ! young' Spanish gentleman > who was his fellow-student. > The "name of tha Of a. few years " his sound wetft fdrfcb.intb all ; thW' earfc"fi; and lijs fwords 'Unbo the'fendB of the world;"—His name was Franeis Xavier. . -Four 'otJiersi al-eifeooh added to the number ; ' they are . Laynez, Salmeron, Eodriguez,and Bobadilla. The seven, on the morning of the 16w August, 1534, assemble in the Church of Our Lady of Martyrs in Paris. Oh, blessed festival! Ob, thrice happy day, on which, under the auispices of the glorious Queen of Heaven, the Society of Jesus cornea into existence!. Is it not meet that the Society of Jesus bear inscribed on her heart the name of Faber, and exult. to-day in hia glory, seeing that on that most solemn oc-' casion he is the greiat central figure, even more so than St. Ignatius, for as he is the only one amongst them as'yet promoted to the priestly dignity, he has the privilege of celebrating the Holy Mysteries, of listening as the . others pronounce their VOWB, - and' of giving to them in the Bread of Life, Him whose name the Society was to bear even to the end of time. Thrice happy festival, to which the Society ever looks back with feelings of the purest joy! And yet there was there no pomp of. ceremony, no solemn chanting of the sacred' liturgy, no clouds of fragrant incense, no crowd of devout worshippers to add by their presence dignity to the festival. But I err: there were present crowds of those angels in whose holy company Faber habitually lived. There was no sound of sacred song audible to mortal ears, but there ascended from those seven burning hearts, holy desires and longing, which sounded loud in the ear of God. And there arose from the same hearts, as a sacred incense, the spiritual fragrance of virtues already acquired in perfection. At that hour, in that sacred spot, did Ignatius at length see the realisation of one of the most beautiful of the prophetic visions with which he was favoured at Manresa, and which he has left recorded in the meditation on the Kingdom of Christ. In that vision, as he himself assures us, the first idea of the future Society was given to him. How beautifully expressive of his own interior sentiments, of those of Faber, of Xavier, and of the others, are the words in which the subjects in that meditation respond to the call of their King I— " Sovereign Monarch of Heaven and Earth," does each subject exclaim, "behold me " prostrate in Thy presence. I am indeed • unworthy of being numbered amongst ' Thy followers; yet, fully confiding in ' Thy favour and protection, I consecrate ' myself to Thee without reserve. I make' ' to Thee the oblation of my entire being. ' I solemnly declare in Thy presence, in "presence of the glorious Virgin, Thy " Mother, and of the whole Court of Hea- " ven, that my only desire, my fixed reso- " lution, is to follow Thee in the most per- "fect manner, by the most complete " detachment of my heart from all things " created, and by the endurance of poverty, "humiliations, and sufferings. Place me " where the interests of Thy glory and of " my own salvation require me to be pre- "sent; there shall I re'maiu, in the most " perfect subjection to Thy Divine wilL" In that little Church, before the altar of the Virgin, and, under her auspices, Ignatius offers to the Eternal Father the little Society which he has formed. He makes an especial and most fervent oblation of Faber, and in doing so he fulfils the precept : " Thou shalt give the first-born of thy sons to me." After having described at some length the missionary life of Blessed Peter Faber, who, in bringing Catholics to reform then- , lives, proved himself to be the " salt of the earth," and who, in defending the doctrines of the Church against llelancthon, Bucer, and other so-called reformers, at Worms, Spires, Eatisbon, Cologne,. Maypnce, &c.;, showed that he possessed likewise that other gift of the apostolic man which the Eedeemer requires, when He says: "You are the light of the world." Father Cahill continued :— The most salutary effects were generally produced,by the preaching of Father Faber. At times he was uuBuccessfuL- He almoBt always failed in his efforts to bring back to the faith the teachers of error. Whence arose the failure ? Are we to seek its cause in him P No: what has been said of his life proves that he -had truly the ' apostolic spirit. : He had sanctity; he bad the moat tender charity, a. oharity which is seen in the admirable rules which he gives to apostolic men, to aid them in bringing back to the fold the sheep that were lost. Neither was learning wanting; and in his controversies with the heretics he saw with What wise foresight St. Ignatius'had commanded him to devote some years to the most profound study of Sacred Scripture and Theology. He had need of the treasures of learning thus acquired; as some of the so-called reformers were men of great natural abilities," and had no mean skill in disputation. 1 : What then was the cause of that deplorable obduracy P Look into • their hearts and you will discover it. Great cornlptiou of morals prevailed throughout Europe in the sixteenth century. Ia no cotintay ' was it so widely spread as in Germany; "Corruption of morals-product its'; ordinary effects,'darkness of intellect, and perversity of 'will. Now, -when' the public 1 oiihA-u tf&er;' the' influence- tif any- ertraotdifitiy t from the abyss' .of vice to the atilTde _ ibyfcs of heresy and Infidelity, & "ijiort a Sid -pwite: And o^dfw>dffl4cait it^fi fedin the'.ah^^I; Jtfeniatih'Ws thosa'tfjlse teMhers were fcmViVl "ifi 'tlvcv : the' truth-'of garding them. They had been illuminated ; they Tiad tasted the heavenly gift; they had been made partakers of the Holy Ghost'; they had tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come; a^id they had fallen away J The Apostle bitterly laments their fall, and at the same time declares their conversion to be all but impossible. Hence we are not to be surprised to see that Faber failed at Worms, at Spires, at Ratisbon, in his efforts to convert the false teachers, and that thenceforward he avoided conferences which were fitted only to intensify the hatred of the enemies of the Church. Let it not be supposed that my observations are applicable to all those who lost the faith through the preaching of the false teachers, or to their descendants. Amongst them were found, and still are found, many who err inculpably—men who are virtuous and conscientious, and filled with the holy fear of God—men who need but to know the truth in order to embrace it, notwithstanding the sacrifice which the embracing of it may require. Thousands of such men were moved by the words of Faber to return to the Church of their fathers. Faber, therefore, directed all his energies to the strengthening in the faith those who seemed disposed to listen to the artful and insidious arguments of the teachers of error. In strengthening them, and in awakening the tepid, he reaped a rich harvest ; and there is little doubt that to him and to his disciple, Blessed Peter Canisius, is due the preservation of the faith in so many cities and provinces of Germany; and hence to them, too, is due, at least in part, the noble constancy with which Catholic Germany is passing to-day through the fire of persecution. Now, to what causes is his success in reforming the lives of Catholics and in strengthening them in the faith to be attributed ? To various causes, which time permits me not to enumerate. One, however, I wish not to pass by in silence, since while explaining Faber's succesR, it gives us an insight into his interior, and enables us to estimate the h gh degree of spirituality to which he attained in the school of St. Ignatius. He reaped a plentiful harvest of souls in Italy, in Germany, in Belgium, in France, in Portugal, in Spain. Did he labour alone in gathering in that harvest ? No, he had ever by bis side myriads of invisible reapers, invisible to ordinary eyes, but by faith made visible to him. Tbey were the boly angels, of whom be loved to speak of old to his young companions at Villaret. Never throughout life did he grow lukewarm in his love of these blessed spirits; he lived in their company ; he was united with them in thought and desire, so that it might well be said of him that his " conversation was in heaven." As soon as the spires of a city towards which he travelled appeared in the distance, he at once saw in spirit the angels, its protectors, and" the angels guardian of its inhabitants hovering in the air overhead, ascending and descending, as Jacob saw them in his mysterious dream, and he knelt to worship them and to enliBt their services in the holy cause in which he was labouring. He besought them to redouble their efforts to turn to God and to render docile to his word the souls committed to them; and at the end of the mission he forgot J not to thauk them for the salutary effect of their prayers and co- operation. They on their side were not wantiog in gratitude. He, by converting sinners, had often increased their accidental happiness, as " there is joy in heaven over one sinner that does penance." Tbey forgot hitq not in his last moments; they were near him ; tbey sweetened the bitterness of death; they smiled on him; so that the hour which is so often styled the hour of darkness was for him all bright. St. Ignatius was with him at Borne in his last moments, and scarce had his soul left the body when it was granted to him to see it enter into heaven, accompanied by a countless multitude of angels. The same happy vision was granted at the very same moment to St. Francis Borgia, who was then at Gandia in Spain. It was meet that one whose life here below had been angelical should so pass from earth to heaven. After having described the happy death of blessed Peter, Father Cahill continued:— Such is the glorious event which to-day fills with joy and exultation the persecuted Societv of Jesus, and moves her to invite you to share in her joy and with her to thank God who is wonderful in his saints. And has she not good reason to rejoice ? Most opportune indeed is the beatification of the first of her children who trod the soil of Germany, at a time when impious laws forbid her to tread the soil or to breathe the air of Germany. ; * And here it may be asked: Whence arises the hatred and the fear with which the Society founded by St. Ignatius is regarded by the enemies of the Catholic Church ? The explanation is not difficult. There exist, and there ever will exist, opposition .. between Christ and Satan. The words AD MJJOBEM DEI GLOBIAH, whioh St. Ignatius chose as his .device, . teach what is his spirit and the spirit of his Society. How noble, how elevated, must be the sentiments, the desire?, the. acts of those, pn -whose . heartB the wordBAD MAJOEEM DEI GLOBIAM ' are engraved! All their energies are directed , to the deRtroyingof sin, to theelevating of man to his true dignity, ,to the extending ofthe .Kingdom of Christ on this earth..' Satan,and Jiifl followers, on the contrary, hAour ja extend the reign of sin, to debase, and to degrade xhan, to dpBtroy, the'authority ol God. In ibeir -war againstOhriBt they attack iipw one point, now another, fhe mode, of attack varying with the changes which the human mind, human institutions, human society undergo. In our days an effort is; being everywhere made , to withdraw the child from the influence of the Church and thus to lead society back insensibly to .paganism. It is easier to prevent .thia casting of the seed oh the earth than to eradicate it when it has already germinated and grown. 'This the enemies of ( Christianity well know, and therefore it'is that the school is the battlefield on which we hare to engage in conflict with them to-day. The conflict which rages was begun in the last century by the followers of Voltaire. They were the first who .in modern times made the attempt to secularise education, to banish from the school the name of God, to hold up to execration the name of Jesus, hated with diabolical hate by their leader Voltaire. Now, St. Ignatius foresaw that the chasm which separated the Church and the socalled Reformation would, clay by day, grow wider; he foresaw that new sectB would be formed, and that amongst tbem some would lapse into infidelity and become enemies of the very name of Christ. He foresaw, too, the danger to whioh Catholics, weak in the faith, would be exposed by constantly hearing the doctrine and discipline and laws of the Church reviled. He knew that, of all Catholics, the Catholic child is the weakest and the most helpless, and, consequently, the most in need of protection. He saw that the children of each generation are the hope of the generation that follows. Hence he taught his Society to regard the education of youth as one of its most important duties. About the time when he was sending St. Francis Xavier to the East to preach to the infidels, lie sent Faber to Spain to found the first college of the society—that of Gandia. The mission of Xavier and of those who followed him seems tbe more glorious of the two, and in many respects it was so. St. Ignatius, however, regarded the mission of those who spend their entire lives in colleges in the education of youth as no less meritorious, no less useful. In tbe former mission, souls are drawn from paganism to the faith; in the latter the treasure of faith is preserved in the present generation, to be transmitted intact to future generations. Therefore it is that the society regards this mission as one given to her by God through her holy founder. And as she desires to do in the most perfect manner what God requires of her, therefore has she ever laboured to attain the highest perfeotion in the education of youth. But she has ever in view the great end to which all else ought to be subservient. She cultivates the intellect, so that it may come at length to know God, the most perfect object which it can contemplate. She cultivates the will, but she does so that she may lead it to the love of God, tbe only good that can perfectly satisfy its desires. She trainB up those committed to her care, so that they may be good citizens, and useful members of society, but she never suffers them to lose sight of that future kingdom, of which all men in the design of God are to be citizens. That Bbe succeeded in the seoular part of eduoation even her enemies admit. I will cite, in proof of this assertion, the words of one of the most brilliant of modern English writers, who cannot be suspected of being prejudiced in favour of the Society:—" The liberal " education of yonth passed almost entirely " into their (the Jesuits') hands, and was " conducted by tbem with conspicuous " ability. They appear to have discovered " the precise point "to which intellectual eul- " ture can be carried without risk of intel- " lectual emancipation."* The sneer which lurks in tbe concluding words renders the^ testimony the more valuable. Is it to be wondered at, then, that the enemies of Christ hate and fear the Society of Jesus ? IB it to be wondered at, that where they have power in their handB, as they have for the moment in Germany, they use it to harass, and to oppress, and to imprison, and to outlaw, and to exile the BODB of St. Ignatius ? The evil spirit which possessed Julian the apostate, and Henry VIII., and Elizabeth, and Joseph II., of Austria, Btill lives in Germany. Hence it is that in that empire those who train up youth in the fear and love of God are persecuted. Is the same spirit unknown in Australia ? No; it lives even here, notwithstanding our boasted liberty of conscience. It rages not against the Society of Jesus in particular ; it rages against the Catholic Church, and its aim is to rob her of her little ones. It attacks her by the establishment of a system of education which she reprobates, and which she can never accept. The Bpirit is as malevolent as when, through Voltaire and his followers, it said: " Ecrasons I'infame." As malevolent, but more hypocritical; for, in our days, while it excludes Christianity from the school, it professes to respect Christianity. In its efforts , to crush out'Christianity in France in the last century, it seemed ambitious of imitating those who, with shouts and imprecations, dragged Jesus Christ to Calvary; in our days, it-' seems to have chosen as its model the unhappy disciple who betrayed him with a kiss/' Spurn then the treacherous gifts of the insidious enemies of your faith'. Fly from their schools in wliieh it is regarded as a crime to confess openly that God is out Lord and Master, and that he will be one day our Judge. Send your children to :the''Catholic school in which; from their tendetest . years j they will be trained as was Peter:Faber, taught as he was to love. JeBus and M?iry, to Jove the holy angels and to.liye in their company, to love and practise the,, virtues,<wnich may render them worthy of being tjieireternal companions. ;; . . h, ••. ..v>v u'^r,': ; Happy, thrice happyj jare t£e,j(areiitp who ; LordjMftcauley, History of England, vol. I, c. hus train up their children in the love and ear of Gbd. Happy, thrice happy, since ot content with observing the precept: Thou shalt give the first-born of thy sons o me ;" they give back to God all their hildren, acknowledging that all are his ift, and created for his glory. Thus will tbey love their children in God and for God ; and tbey may confidently hope that this love will be transformed one day into that perfect charity which binds together all the elect in the kingdom of God. ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. On Sunday last, an appeal on behalf .of the building fund of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, was made at the eleven o'clock mass, in the Church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond, by the Rev. W. M. Finn, of Heidelberg. The reverend gentleman took for text Ephessians vi., 22nd to 27th verses, both inclusive. Father Finn urged on his Irish hearers to emulate, in thiB land of their adoption, the faitli and practical piety of their fathers. After a visit to Ireland, the great Cardinal Wiseman declared that nothing which he had seen excited more his surprise than the evidences of the living faith which he witnessed all over the country. Wherever he went, notwithstanding the poverty of the people, he saw churches, colleges, and religious houses erected. Father Finn pathetically reminded his hearers of the last sad farewell wliich they took of home and country, and asked them if they did not remember that the parting words of the good old father and mother were—"Go abroad, my children, and prosper; but mind yowr religion." He appealed to them, that day, in virtue of that pious parental charge, to aid in a great work of religion—the erection of a grand temple to Almighty God, under the invocation of St. Patrick, the apostle of their country. It was true, he said, that the cathedral had been a long time in course of erection ; but if one travelled over the old world, he would find very few cathedral churches entirely finished; in nearly every instance something was left undone, for the next generation to accomplish. The building of a cathedral was not merely a work of choice on the part of a bishop : from the time that he assumed the episcopal office, the duty of erecting a cathedral church in his diocese rested upon him. The piety and generosity of the people of Richmond were evidenced in the church in which they were then assembled, which was not only a credit to that particular district, but to the colony. He did not see why the time should not come when some of their own sons would be addressing them from that pulpit. The natives of Australia possessed mental abilities and physical capacities which well fitted them for missionary life in a country like this. Referring to the material works of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Father Finn said tliey were of the most substantial character. There was nothing in the way of ecclesiastical architecture in this part of the worldf to be compared with it. Persons of other denominations, speaking of the Catholic churches, often said—"We build for time; you for eternity." In a hundred years hence, when other persons occupied those benches, and another clergyman stood in that pulpit, the faith, and piety, and generosity of his hearers would be spoken of, and St. Patrick's would be pointed to as a memorial of their virtues. After Father Finn's effec- tive appeal, a collection was made, which resulted in £25. DEATH OF A CHILD OF MARY. We regret to have to announce the death of Miss Theresa Gaunt, second daughter of Mr. Thomas Gaunt, of Bourke-street, which took place- at her father's residence on Monday, at the early age of 18 years. The deceased young lady was interred in the Melbourne General Cemetery on Tuesday. The remains were first brought to St. Francis' Church, where a requiem Mass was celebrated by the Rev. J. L. Hegarty, and the funeral service read by the Rev. P. O'Meara. At the cemetery gates the remains were received by about 60 members of the Sodality of the Children of Mary of St..Francis' Branch (of which the deceased was a member), wearing white veils, who preceded the coffin to tt-e grave, chanting the Litany of the Blessed Virgin. At' the grave the final service was performed by Father O'Meara. CONVENT OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD. An Office and Requiem Mass for the repose of the soul of the deceased benefactors of the institutions at Abbotsford under the care of the Nuns of the Good Shepherd, were celebrated jn the Convent church on Tuesday morning; The celebrant of the Mass was the Rev. J. P. 0'Sullivan ; the deacon, the Rev. W. Quirk vandthe eubdeacon, the-Rev. A. Kranwitter, : S.J: The Rev. J. Martin acted J afc inhaler 'of the ceremonies,»and the JEfef. 3P. Aylward and tlw B*?C H. England' as chanters, Prj'Ktopatrok,^% Cahjll^jO. J.; i the : &ev.; a. and th,e TEs'society has b^MW^W^^P" cesaful in the town of Geelong that it is extending the sphere of its operations to the countryjdistricts. On Thursday, the 26th ult., )a branch of the; society which wafl established in the township of Drygdale, about twelve months ago, celebrated its first anniversary. Two coaches and several waggonettes conveyed the Geelong visitors to the pretty township whilst the residents of the adjacent districts., came in their own vehicles from every point of the compass. The first item on the programme was -an elocutionary and musical entertainment m the Roman Catholic school, at which the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery presided. The. elocutionary portion of the entertainment was supplied by members of the' -.Geelong Catholic Young Men's Association, and the musical part by the ladies of St. Mary's choir. The entertainment was followed by a supper, after which an adjournment was made to the Artillery Rooms, where dancing to the vigorous strains of St. Patrick's band was indulged in for the remainder of the evening. THE CATHOLIC SCHOOLS OF GEELONG. On Sunday morning last, at the 11 o'clock Mass at St. Mary's, Geelong, the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery announced that State aid would be withdrawn from St: Mary's school, on 30th November, and from St. Patrick's,- Kildare, on 31st December, 1874\. He declared his intention of keeping the schools open, and thereby preserving to the children attending them the inestimable advantages of a sound Catholic education. To attain this object it was his intention to transfer the proceeds of the monthly collection, hitherto set apart for the liquidation of the Church debt, to a fund for the support of the schools. He felt assured that with the earnest co-operation of the congregation, of which he has had so many proofs, the new system would be thoroughly successful. THE REV. T. BARRETT. The Mansfield paper says :—" The Rev. Father Barrett is still confined to his bed at Alexandra from the effects of his accident. The injuries he received weremore severe than at first imagined. The Rev. Father Welche, a recent arrival in the colonies, has come te Manbfield to officiate until Father Barrett is able to attend to his duties." 