^ THE PREMIER'S VISIT TO ALBTJRY. In accordance withjthe arrangement mentioned in our lost issue, the Hon. U. Parkes arrived by special train at the "Wodonga Railway Station on Monday morning at lialf- 11\. Ho was liero met by Mr. M'Lemwn, ho Mayor of Albury, and driven across the Border in a four-horse trap, escorted by a dotaclunoiit of mounted police in charge of Mr. Iuspector Singleton, and a few buggies; the rough squally weather which prevailed, proventing no doubt a more general turn out of the ratepayers in response to the invitation of the Mayor. Immediately upon his arrrival, the Premier was driven to the Court-house where a considerable number of the townspeople had gathered together. The following address of welcome, presented by the Mayor, was then read by Mr. S. HODGE, the Council Clerk:— To the jHoii. Henry Parkes, M.L.A., Premier of the Colony of New South Wales. SIR,— We, the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough of Albury, offer you our sincere congratulations on your safe arrival. Since your former visit, about eight years ago, the population of this town and district has largely increased, and, but for the reiinposition of the Border duties, would have compared favorably with any district in the colony. This and other matters that require attention from the Government, will lie brought under your notice as Premier of the Colony and head of the Executive Council during vour stay here. On behalf of the inhabitants of the Borough and district, we offer you a cordial welcome to Albury. Mr. PARKES replied as follows :— Mr. Mayor and Aldermen— I thank you for your congratulations on my arrival in the Borough and District of Albury. The increase of population and general improvement which have taken place since my visit to the district in 1866, afford gratifying evidences of the energy of the people, and the favorable conditions in many respects under which they live. It is a matter of sincere regret to me that it has been found necessary to re-impose the Border Customs duties, and I shall at any time be happy to assist in promoting free intercourse between the two colonies on an equitable and a just basis. It will be my duty to give careful consideration to all matters to which you may consider it right to direct my attention, as a member of the Government. In again thanking you for your cordial welcome I confidently express a hope that your district may always maintain a foremost place in the prosperity of the colony. Sir. Parkes then withdrew to his temporary quarters at the Globe Hotel. At 3 o'clock he again returned to the Court-house, which on this occasion also was well filled, and the following memorial was presented on behalf of the Albury Borough Council:— To the Hon. Henry Parkes, M.L.A., Premier of the Colony of New South Wales. The memorial of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough of Albury, respectfully sheweth, that the following matters ait; depressing the prosperity of the Town of Albury, and surrounding djstrict:— 1\. That your memorialists, and those they represent, suffer great loss and inconvenience by the re-imposition of the Border Customs ;' the value of freehold and other property lias been greatly reduced, and in some measure it lias stopped the large influx of free selectors. The agriculturalists and vignerons view with great apprehension the effect of the duty oil grain and wine having at present only the colony of Victoria for a market. The serious loss that must accrue to these important interests can be averted by the Government of New South Wales making terms with the Victorian, Government to admit colonial produce free of duty. 2\. A toll on the Bridge (known as the Union Bridge) between this town and Wodonga, is at present imposed, and which owing to the large traffic causes much annoyance, and which if removed, whilst being a boon to the district, will only be an act of justice, for the bridges of other towns, viz., Yass, Hay, Gundagai, Batliurst, Forbes, and Qncnnbeyan, are free, and Albury may fairly claim to be placed on an equal footing with the abovenamed places, it being on the MainTrunk Liuebstwcen Victoria and New South Wales. 3\. The present endowment to the Albury Hospital and Benevolent Asylum is quite inadequate to meet the heavy and increasing demands upon the resources of this charity, and without additional assistance it will be quite impossible to keep pace with the requirements of the district. The preseut subsidy is .£500, and the expenses last year exceeded £1200 ; and as many as 25 beds a day were made up in the institution during the year. Your memorialists would also recommend that all Hospitals be allowed endowment at the rate of £2 for every j£l subscribed locally, the same as in Victoria. 4\. Increased Parliamentary representation is a matter that lias already been before Parliament, and your memorialists trust that this Electorate will soon be in a position to return two members. 5\. From the insuflicientaccoiiimodation afforded at the Albury Gaol, and the dilapidated state of repair of the wooden structure surrounding the establishment, your memorialists would not be the least surprised to learn before long of many of the prisoners escaping, and would therefore request that you will cause .£3000 to be placed on the Estimates for 1875 for the enlargement of the building and making it a central gaol for this '—i district. Surrounding Albury and within a short distance of the present gaol, building ilishment, instead of lying from one eud of the year to the other. 0\. The want of a supply of wat er has for many years been a source of great inconvenience to the inhabitants, and now that the population is nearly double what it was four years ago, this want for sanitary and other purposes can be no longer delayed, Your memorialists would therefore pray that a special vote of £20,000 IK made by the Parliament for the general improvement of the Borough of Albury, viz., water supply, street repairs on Main Truuk Line, Botanical and Reserve improvements. 7\. Your memorialists also pray that the piece of land on which the old lock-up" at present stand* may be handed over to the'Council in lieu of the allotment of land given by the Council for police purposes, so that arrangements may be made to erect a Town Hall thereon suitable to the growing importance of this Borough. 8\. The existing state of the roads leading to Howlong, Corowa, Jindera, and other places, compels your memorialists to apply for an increase in the annual grant for their maintenance, for the funds at the disposal of the Council are not sufficient to keep the streets within the populous portion of the town in repair. 9\. In conclusion, your memorialists respectfully urge upon your favorable consideration the various matters herein enumerated, indulging the hope that there may be no difficulty in granting these, our uigeut wants. And your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever pray. Mr. PARKES in reply said that the memorial which had been presented to him, brought under his notice a great many items deserving his attention, and it had the merit of being outspoken on those subjects. It showed tliat the memorialists were fully alive to their claims upon the revenue of the colony, and he was prepared to admit tliat some of the things mentioned were of importance, and especial interest to the district, particularly the question of the traffic over the Murray border. If the Customs duties were now collected on the Murray, it was by no will of his. For many years past he had wished for free intercourse between the two colonics without the interference of Custom-house officers, on the narrow stream dividing them. As the people in both colonies were the same people," it seemed to him a matter to be deeply regretted that their trade should be hampered by such interference It was a question, however, which could not be regarded by him as so simple a matter, as some people considered it. Any person who reflected on the subject must see that Parliament must look upon it, not merely with reference to its local bearing, but as it regarded the whole colony. He thought Parliament had dealt with it in a broad spirit. Members had been quite prepared to treat the question without undue regard to any technical enforcement of the law. The breach had not been caused by New Soutli Wales. He did not mean to blame the neighboring colony, for perhaps extraordinary circumstances had led to the abrogation of the Treaty, but the fact remained that Victoria was the colony that abrogated it. A treaty of like character was still in force with South Australia. All lie could say was that what lie thought ten years ago (and he had pretty plainly expressed his views on the question of intercolonial freetrade then), he still believed in, and tliat every effort consistent with the public honor, and a due regard to the interests of other parts of the colony should be made to remove the inconvenience complained of. The Government was at present in this position. They were not answerable for the breach of the treaty and could not therefore make the first overtures for a new arrangement, but they would, nevertheless, be glad to promote any arrangement tliat promised to bo permanent, for intercolonial free-trade. On this point he did not wish to bo misunderstood, and he would therefore distinctly state that the question could only bo regarded in its bearings towards the whole of the colony. Ho was quite sure that the collection of duties was hurtful, and he knew that a large quantity of land had been taken up by fanners in the district whose only market was Melbourne. He knew tliat the collection was vexatious and annoying, and he should bo glad to assist in bringing about a better state of tilings. "With regard to the tolls on the bridge, lie was disposed to look favorably on the representations made. (Hear, hear.) And lie would not fail to lay the matter before his colleagues on his return to Sydney. Looking at the way in which the bridge had been built, he thought the claim made was a good one, and he would see that it was fairly represented. As to the Benevolent Asylum the request made on this head, involved more than local interests, as what ever the Goucrnineiit might do on behalf of the Albury Asylum, would have also to be done for all other similar institutions in the colony. The bridge could be made free without necessarily also making any change as regarded other bridges, but a change in the endowment 49]the Asylum carried with it a cliange in the endowment to every other asylum, lie thought however, tliat they would be satisfied when he told them tliat the Government attached great importance to institutions of the kind, as they were most necessary, often affordiug timely help where no other help could be looked for. Ho had always boon in favor of giving such charities a sum equal to tliat raised locally, and when at one time only 10s. in the £ was granted, ho had asked Parliament to increase the aiuouut, and had been successful Ho was aware that the Victorian Government gave £2 for every £1, and he was not prepared to say that the time had not arrived for the New South Wales Government to do likewise. He should be glad to see it done, but as lie had said before, nothing could be conceded to the Albury Hospital, which would not also have to be conceded to every other hospital iu the colony. Concerning the increased representation of the district, he might remind them tliat he had had the honor to bring iu a bill dealing with the subject. That bill would be re- introduced. The memorial touched on the subject of water supply. That was a most important matter, but one with which lie M as not enough acquainted to express an opinion. He would, however, give attention to the subject, and whatever concession was necessary to meet the wants of the district— always having regard to the general interests of the colony—he should be prepared to make. He was sorry to hear that the gaol required enlargement. (Laughter.) He should have been more pleased to learn that the residents of the district had no use for such a structure and desired to abolish it altogether. He would, however, promise to visit the building, provided that they promised to let him out again (laughter), and would recommend the doing of anything tliat was really necessary to be done. The reads, also, deserved the attention of the Government. In a district like that, so large, and witliso many farmers, lie quite agreed with them in asserting that too much importance could not be attached to the condition of the main thoroughfares, and he should certainly recommend that better roads should be madejyhere required. He thought he had now exhausted the budget of grievances, and he might say in conclusion that he would do all in his power to meet the reasonable wants of the district (Hear! hear!) He was reminded by the Mayor tliat he had forgotten the lockup. AVcll, he had not forgotten it, but lie had been in hopes that the Mayor had. He did not see much difficulty on that head. He wished to see Albury become a prosperous city, possessing all needful appliances, and with a good city hall. With reference to the railway lie would promise tliem to bring the line on to AlburyJUS soon as possible. (Loud cheers). No one in tliat room was more sensible than he of the necessity for this, and he questioned if'there was any one more anxious on the point. The sooner the railway was brought to the Border, the better for Albury, and the better for Sydney. No effort on his part should therefore be spared to bring about a consumma- tion so desirable. (Cries of " how about free trade over the Border i") He had dealt with that subject already. When the railway was carried to Albury it would have to be connected in some way with the Victorian line, and it was to be hoped tliat the Victorian Government would extend their railway to the bank of the river. Mr. GJ:O.DAY said tliat it had been intended to argue the various points touched on in the memorial, but as Mr. Parkes had expressed himself so fully and satisfactorily oil the several subjects, it was not necessary to say any more. The CiAUtMAN* then introduced a deputation of farmers, consisting of Messrs. Bradshaw, White and Mickelson, who presented a memorial praying that the Government should take steps to bring about intercolonial free trade in cereals. The memorial ran as follows :— To the Hon. Henrv Parkes, Premier of New South Wales, &c.; Honorable Sir,—Without the usual preparation necessary for such an occasion, we the petitioners here present humbly beg to represent the most important interest in Riverina—the farming interest—ail interest that has sprung from very small things and has now become second to none in importance ; an interest that is daily increasing in magnitude, raising annually not only sufficient grain for the consumption of this part of the colony, but it is yearly sending to the neighboring colony some three-fourths of its total quantity. The prayer of your petitioners is that you, Honorable Sir, will take our present critical position into your serious consideration, that this loyal interest be not crushed in its first blush of prosperity by the heavy tux now necessarily imposed on our cereals by the sister colony, for it will be apparent to you, Honorable Sir, that we only want what is constantly prayed for—a bountiful harvest—to affect the ruin of the whole of tlus interest. Wheat, say at 4s. per bushel in Melbourne, means 2s. in Albury, or Is. 3d. at Ten Mile Creek or the Billabong. Trusting you will at your earliest opportunity institute negotiations with the Government of Victoria for the free interchange of colonial produce, afid so save us from the ruin now evidently staring us iu the lace, we will ever remember your Government with the respect due from a free aud enlightened people, and will ever pray, &c.;, &c.; Mr. PARKES, in reply, observed tliat ho could only say generally tliat lie should fed great pleasure iu being able to bring about the arrangement desired, but the petitioners ought, as sensible men, to bo aware that no agreement coidd be arrived at without the cooperation of the two Governments. New South Wales had no power to alter the laws of Victoria. The New South Wales Government imposed no duties on the produce of the soil, and had therefore nothing to remit. With the duties charged ill another colony they could not of course interfere, but if the two Governments would come to any terms he should be most glad. However the farmers might feci the shoe pinch—they must lm reasonable. All that could be done was to cuter into an agreement with Victoria, and that New South Wales was willing to do. As a proof of then- desire that the produce of tins soil should be free of all taxation, they had taken off the duty on even-thing of the kind. (Hear! hear I) (A voice: "We can't pay the duty; if we do we should starve.") Ail he could say was that he was sorry at the loss and inconvenience caused by the collection, and was anxious to remedy the evil, but could do notliing without the co-operation of another Government. The CHAIRMAN* said that it appeared to him that Mr. Parkes had expressed himself on the. various topics brought under his notice in a manner that must be satisfactory to all his hearers. He (the speaker) had no doubt that Mr. Parkes would carry out his promises. Mr. PAIIKES said he M'as not there for the purpose of making a speech, but rather in the position of a boy before his catechists; his duty being simply to reply to the questions put to him. He must express his thanks for the manner in which he had been received iu the district, and before concluding he would briefly refer to one or two subjects of more importance than any others. His auditors, iu the memorials presented to him had of course studied their own interests. It was a wise provision of nature that men were apt to pay most attention to wliat immediately concerned themselves and their families, because, just in proportion as people were careful, prudent, and energetic in such matters, would the community grow in wealth, prosperity, and ' importance. The Government, however, had to fix its gaze upon the whole of the colony, considering equally the wants and wishes of each district thereiu, aud also considering all these districts as forming one great whole. He had looked with especial interest on the district of -Albury, possessing as it did such great natural advantages, and being so rich that it must become a very important part of the colony of New South Wales; and he should be glad to sec that the residents of the district while having a due care for their own particular wants, at the same time looked forward to the period when the colony should become a nation. He should be glad to carry away with liini the impression that they felt that they had no reason to be dissatisfied with the Government of their country, and recognised the fact that that Government had made great efforts to remove the disadvantages under which the people of the district labored. Notliing was more desired by the Government, than that the people should reap the full fruits of their labor and industry, and in again thanking tliem for the reception lie had received, he might say he should return to Sydney more fully convinced than ever of the. great importance and happy destiny of the district of Albury. (Loud cheers). The meeting then dispersed. At a later hour in the afternoon the Premier visited the various public buildings, the Land Office and Survey Office, after which he was waited upon by a deputation consisting of Messrs. Hayes, Adams, G. Day, Affleck, James Day, Higgins, Blankmoiv, Lankester, Edmondson, and Cobbett, who brought under his notice more particularly the several subjects which had been alluded to in general terms in the, memorial from the Borough Council. The members of the deputation having been introduced by the MAYOR, Mr. AV. N. M. EIJMOXDSON* made a few remarks on the subject of the desirability of securing free trade in cereals, pointing out the importance of this matter to the farmers of the district, and also suggesting that after the recent change which had taken place in the Victorian Government, it would not be out of place or undignified on the part of Now South Wales to re-open negotiations mi the subject. Whether the effort did any good or not, the deputation lelt that the question was. of such moment as to warrant them in the expectation that the Premier would promise that the attempt should be made. Mr. GEO. ADAMS also pointed out that although a large quantity of grain was sent into Victoria from Albury, au equal, if not a greater, quantity came back, lower down the Murray. If the Government did not study the interests of the farmers in this district, it would Jose in another way, by tho decrease in tho number of persons consuming dutiable articles. The Premier bad suggested that these matters should bo regarded from a national rather than a local point of view, and that was exactly what Albury asked the other parts of the colony to do. Mr. GEO. BAY said that the people who sent wheat into Victoria were large coiiswmm of Victorian goods, and that, therefore, it was to the interest of Victoria to make some terms in the matter, lie would suggest that a balance be struck, and that Victoria lie paid by the New South Wales Government the difference between the wheat exported and that imported on the Border. Mr. PAHKCS said that the gentleman who had remarked that the district did not require special legislation seemed to be in error. If lie understood the proportion of the last speaker, it was to the effect that the Government should pay the duties for the settlers on the Murray. If this were done, lie thought it would be rather a hard case for the. other''parts of the colony. The reasonable course would be for Victoria to remit the tax. However sensible ho was of the vexatious operation of the collection of duties he had to look at the probable action of the New South Wales Parliament. It was not to be expected that Parliament would agree to such a propositi The proper course would be for Victoria to leave the produce untaxed. The excess in the duties collected over the sum at which they had been estimated when the treaty was made, would famish a powerful argument against any further agreement, which it would be difficult to grapple with. It would be said that the Government had squandered the public moneyhad made an improvident treaty, ^withstanding the repeal of the duties on many articles, the collections amounted to a much larger sum than that paid by Victoria. Mr. HAYES: That is because of the. opening of the North-Eastern Ikilway. Mr. PABKES said that in the question before them the New South Wales Government had to deal with another colony with opposing interests. There was as the deputation no doubt knew, an Imperial Act enabling the colonies to enter into a treaty to establish free trade mutually. Mr. DAY : Would you not be justified in trying to do this f Mr. PARKES said he w;is willing to do it if he could. He then pointed out some of the difficulties which would, however, attend any such attempt on the part of Victoria, Some people in Victoria regarded the duty on wheat as a protection to the fanners. Mr. ADAMS : Would not your Government be justified in giving u* some small sum, considering the large amount of our contributions to the revenue ? Mr. PABKES thought it would be as well not to enter into that point, as his ideas of wliat constituted a contribution to the revenue;, and the ideas of his interlocutor, on the same'sub- .]ect, might be found to differ materially. He (the speaker), for instance, did not consider money paid for Land as a contribution to the revenue. The man who got 3*20 acres for a present payment of .£80, made, he (Mr Parkas) thought, a very good bargain. He would say, however, that he would be glad to see every duty remove,! from ull goods raise,1 irom the soil. Being anxious for that result lie should lose no opportunity to secure it, and would represent to his colleagues all that had been said to him. Mr. G. DAY then referred to Jhe Murray hridge. It was built by the two Governments, and the Victorian Government had said that if .New South Wales were willing to remove the toll, no difficulty would, be made by the other colony. Mr, PARKES : If they come to us and say that they arc \viLl-; ulg to give up their half, I will undertake tV iaL wo g i ye U j, oure, , Ih J Acir. l{0]n3 then drew the attention of the Ireiuie^. to th e state of the roads near Oorowa, ' ANI | LANKESTBR also spoke on the ™ Object. PAKICES suggested tliat the views of the " jUitation on the matter should be placed in "»vritiug, when tliey would receive every consideration. I)r, COHBKTT pointed out that a new ward was required at the hospital for the treatment of contagious diseases, ami that although a sum of money liad been placed on the Esti- mates for this object, the conditions attached prevented the committee from availing themselves of the grant, Mr. PAUKHH recommended an application from the committee for an unconditional grant. The deputation, after thanking the Premier for his courtesy, then M'ithdrew. At seven o'clock between fifty aud sixty gentlemen , eat down to a well, served • f' , BANQUET at ike 3Josc' Iim; to which the Premier had* been iuvitod by a committee, comprising most of tho leading residents of the town. The Chair was occupied by tho Mayor, tho Vicechair by Mr. Geo. Day; the guest of tho evening sitting at tho right hand of Mr. M'Lenuan. After the cloth had boon drawn and the u-sual loyal toasts duly honored, Tho VICE-CHAIFIHAJF said that nothing could give him greater pleasure than the task heliad now to perform. He felt certain that the toast he was about to propose would be heartily received by all present. They had known the Premier's career for twenty years, during which time lie had not only been connected with all important political movements, but he had also been one of tho most prominent members of the New South Wales Parliament. He had always been a leading member—the right man in the right place, always whether in or out of office, striving hard for the best interests of the colony. They knew tliat while he was in power, he would not allow New South Wales to play .second fiddle to any of the other colonies. He (Mr, Day) felt sure, that they would agree with him when ho said that Mr. Parkos had done his duty and deserved well of all the colony. He would propose the "< iuest of the evening," the Hon. Henry Parkes, Mr. PAHKES, in acknowledging the toast, said that lie had received the compliment of a public dinner so often (that was the thirtieth) that he found it very difficult to impart any new feature to his acknowledgment of the compliment. He could only say that he felt very .sensible of the warmth and cordiality with which the toast just proposed had been received. Ho presumed that he should not have receive,! that mark of their favor, had it not been for the fiffic which he had the honor to hold. It. would bt; best for him, at any rate, to consider that they paid him the compliment on account of his office. That office he considered was one that shoidd IK? held in respect, especially in a country tliat had for so long a period enjoyed the benefits of Parliamentary government. They might be sure that they would not soon change their form of government, and still less were they likely to change it for anything bettor. There was" one point in which it was better than any other. Its character and usefulness were just as they the electors liked to make them. If it manifested any lack of steadiness they might be sure that the fault lay at their own doors. Just as they did their duty in the election of their representatives, would the Parliament be a sound and useful Parliament. It was bebecause the Parliament was the indicator of public opinion, and because Ministers held office by the will of the people that the office should be respected. Therefore, whoever held the office of Minister should remember that it is the highest in the country. He held, then, that the compliment was paid to his office rather than to himself. (No I no.') He J e- licved he was the first Minister of the Crown who had visited tho district. Some people, perhaps, thought it a calamity that he should hold such a position. Well.'if some thought so, it was, at ull events, evident that plenty of others held a different opinion, otherwise he would not be there that night. On leaving Sydney he had not intended to make any stay in tilbury, the. purpose of his visit being of a private and not a political character. He had, however, been invited to Deniliquin, Hay, aud then to Albury. He had been told that the people of the district would like to see him on various public matters, and it was entirely in deference to this expression of feeling that he was there. He had, therefore, decided to come to Albury, and see what changes had been effected since his last visit. He was bound to say that he never met with a more cordial reception in any part of the colony than he had experienced eight years before, aud again that day, in the town of Albury. He was one of those who thought that the Albury district was destined to occupy a very important place in Australian history, and he also looked forward hopefully to the. time when the Australian colonies would be federated into one great nation. Twenty years ago he liad said that Albury might become the seat of a federal government, and since then Air, Macleay had reproduced the idea. He (the speaker) still thought that the Albury district, quite as much as any other, liad a fair claim to become the seat of the federal government of the Australian colonies. It luul occurred to him that it would bo a good thing if tho two colonies were to set apart a portion of land on each side of the river as a kind of neutral ground, on which the idea he had referred to might bo consummated. Sooner or later it must come to pass. There must be' a federal Government. It had been suggested that Hobart Town—on account probably of its •comparative unimportance-—should be the seat of federal government, but he could hot concur with the suggestion. The position of Albjiry would ,be the most central that could, be selected, uud would identify the Government with {the two oldest aud most important colonies. Qn,; various! grounds, therefore, lie; thought it would be better to reserve a piece of neutral ground for tlio seat of the federal government,, near the plaoe where Albury stood. Tho-Govornmant of New South Wales was of u representative character, if only as a reflection of tho national character. It might be that the men composing it were not the most educated, the most accomplisliedj or the best men, but they must be, on tho jvliolo, men combining a number of qualifications which gave them the confidence of; then fellows. For the purposes of government, it was not enough that a man -was clever or talented; he must, with a thorough insight into passing events, combiue a certain power of forecasting that which was to come. He must know what requires to be done, and when and how to do what is necessary for the public. Many a cause liad been thrown back for years because a man had tried to do tliat which in itself was, perhaps, a right and proper thing to lie done, but only unfit to bs attempted at that particular period. It was not sufficient that a man should have power and endurance, he must also know how to deal with the material at his hand. Whenever defects might exist in public men ; what ever their drawljacks in education or training, there must be something about them that secured the confidence of their fellows, or they could not continue to hold office. Few men in the country had had the advantage of political training or of intercourse with political men of eminence. Most of them had been used to the rude pursuits of industry, and some allowance should be made, therefore, for those drawbacks. Making those allowances, he. was of o]union that the government of the colony had been in tho Iiands of men not altogether unworthy of the trust reposed in them. The country, indeed, had ratlier occasion to feel proud tlian to be ashamed of what had taken place. Eighteen years ago they had received the boon of government, anil since that time what progress liad been made. Hail ways had been constructed, bridges made, 'ducation had spread far and wide, and many great changes and improvements made in other respects. It might not be unprofitable if he here dwelt for a tew moments on the course tho Ministry was likely to take, so long as he held office. It liad been said that Parliamentary government was not favorable to the accomplishment of great designs. Tliat the tenure of office was so insecure that tho consideration of any groat plan of improvement had scarcely tune to be matured, so that men of great capacity were frequently repelled from earning out their schemes for improvement, because they could have no hope of retaining power long enough to give them effect. Hence it had been said tliat there was no chance of any man like Pitt or Walpolo rising up under tho present system. If that were the state of tilings in England, it was so in a much greater degree in Australia. How long it took to build a home! How little could be effected in tliree years, even under the most favorable conditions! and how much less could bo accomplished when the task in hand was the .governing of a country, where it was necessary to contend against a multiplicity of opposing interests, before obtaining tho consent of tliat body without whose permission notlnng could be done. Mr. M'Laurin, who was present, oould bear him out on that point Ho might give an illustration of the diffi cultias attending the effort to get a bill carried through Parliament, by the case of an artist engaged on a painting, in the execution of which a number of persons were continually jogging his elbow. It might be supposed that the pei-son who framed a bill would know bettor than any one else how each portion of the measure was intended to dovetail in with every other portions. But when tho bill came before Parliament, every member had the privilege of attempting to improve it according to his own ideas, by alterations which, if effected, might prove out of all harmony with the general design. He (the speaker) alluded to these things to show the slow, tedious, and difficult process by which everything in the way of legislation was accomplished, and in order to demonstrate how time was wasted in doing anything which was desired or intended to be done. The Ministry to which he belonged liad now been in office two and a half years, and during that time had not been idle. They luid been longer in power than any other administration. They took office in May, 1872, just as the Estimates had to he passed, und since tliat date liad been for the greater portion of the time in session. Any man might know wliat that meant. It meant a continuous devotion for the greater •part of tho twenty-four hours to business, which absorbed nearly the whole of a man's thoughts and attention. Daring that time they had to face many difficulties, but, notwithstanding, they had been able to bring about some very: important changes and improvements in the country. • They had placed tlm colony of New South'Wuhis On W more dMncfc and • definite coinse of fiscal policy than , any other colony.' They "had found a tariff imposing duties on 300 articles, and had reduced the list' to one-fifth of that number, aud if remaining in office would reduce the tariff of i the colony to a'free-trade tariff. Ho was sensible of the Yftlao. ofja variety of callings in the colony. The more avenues of employment wore open, the better it would be. Nothing could bo worae binding a youth, to an employment which fig distasteful to him, and ho (tho spbaktSr) therefore believed in having a sufficient number of different occupations. He did not, however, think tliat the Legislature could create any industry where nature had not in the first instance provided for its existence and healthy natural development, Having cftfefully studied the subject he felt convinced? tliat a people to be truly free, must be free in the direction of employing their labor' «4 they deem best, and in their intercourse .-with others. Civilisation meant that people should have the right to profit by the results of thoir labor and skill in the manner which they thought lit. When they Were told that they must pay a tax to protect some .particular industry, they might well ask, where was tho limit of the application of this doctrine/ He would like to know if they Would impose a tax on works of art, sculpture, or jowellety, in order to encourage some colonial botcher in making things no one could use, and no one would buy. People could not bo free unless they were able to get the articles they wanted in the cheapest market they could fiud. The proper way to create industry was to create a population in the country. When there was a population to consume the article they would be in a position to produce or manufacture tho merchandise iu demand. It would be useless to attempt to force, the establishment of an industry until the demand for the goods had been created! It was therefore the intention of the Government to foster the free-trade principle until the colony in this respect was on a level with the old country. They knew 110 better teacher than England, aud they -would endeavor to make Now South Wales as like England as possible in her fiscal policy. They would also try to spread the advantages of education, always, however, with a due regard to economical considerations. He alluded to this subject because it just at present seemed to liave evoked a large amount of public interest. Victoria, as they were doubtless aware, had recently made great cliauges iii her educational system, but lie was not sure that the new system was the best. He liad been told tliat not less than half a million of money would be required to mtjet the demands created by the change, duriiig the present year. If so large a sum were now required, they might be sure tliat in the course of tWo or tliree years an educational tax would be necessary, aud he doubted whether the colonies were yet ripe for such a tax. He doubted very much whether it , would be agreeable to the people of tho colony if the Government had. to levy a tax of the kind in addition to the ordinary taxation, and he thought tliat the New South Wales system -was a wiser tme than that of the neighboring colony. The Act of 186G authorised the establishment of public schools just the same as did the Victorian Act, but at the same time it provided for the recognition of denominational schools, established by the various churches, aud in connection witli those schools it imposed rules unlike those in force in any of the other colonies. It insisted that in those denominational schools tho same books, the same code of instruction, and tho same class of teachers should be employed as in the public schools. And, again, the schools must be built by the denominations themselves—not at the public cost. If auy church wished for State aid to a denoiuinatioualschool, it must submit to the same conditions as those imposed in the case of the public schools. Tho denominational schools were in feet almost as much public schools as the public schools themselves, while a great expense iu the matter of building was saved to the State, The grant for education in New South Wales for tho current year was £120,000, while iu Victoria it was £420,000, besides a;: further sum of a quarter of a million required for new school buildings. There was also another advantage iu the New South Wales system ; it was accepted by all classes in the Country. There was no strong feeling of objection towards it, and he should feel very sorty to bo the means of introducing a system which liad the effect of placing a largo portion of his - fellow colonists in a position whore they might be filled with a sense of wrong So lorig' as the State found the money for educating the people it was bound to.sec that the money was .spent judiciously, and tliat the education provided Wiis the best procurable. He thought no sectarian feeling ought to be allbwed to intcrlere in the matter, but if a high standard •of education could be attained without disturbing ; tho .'present harmonious • feeling '.which •e.-asted between all. classes,' and,' without •offending unnecessarily (uiyoupy• wtifpiM scruples* it Was no small gain,; He would aiot like to see the revenue of the colony—gathoml rom all sections of tlio community so ox* ponded as to throw any one class uuder a sense of wrong. Just as sure as people experienced a sense of wrong, so surely would they command a cortain amount of sympathy, and a reaction would inevitably take place. He heM^thoroforo, tliat it would bo better to go oimrithout any sweeping cliangos. 1'lie law under which they now lived afforded every facility for the extension of educational advantages to all the children in the colony. The country did not educate entirely without fees, but the fees wore small, and ho felt certain that parents, as a rule, would rather pay something for the education of their children than not. It was only right tliat they should do so, but still, in cases where they wore unable to pay, there was a law under which the children could come in free. In those schools the best quality of education tliat could be introduced was imparted, and it was carried out in a manner which enlisted the sympathies of all heads of families. Beyond all question, if greater expenditure were incurred, some plan would have to bo devised for meeting that expenditure, and he felt satisfied, as he had said before, that in a few years time au educational tax would be necessary in Victoria. He found that in the district of Albury, during the seven years in which the present Act had been in force, 33 now schools had been opened. While in 1867 there were only 1200 children attending school, there were at present 3200 ; the salaries paid to teachers having increased in the same period from £2500 to £4700. Over £9000 had also been expended in school buildings. Figures like these proved the advance made by the district. They had a public school which was a credit to the district when lie last visited it, and which he believed was equally good now. It must lie very gratifyiug to them to know that tliey had got on so well If the present Ministry remained in office, they would not be behindhand in endeavoring to promote the interests of the district. They would lose no time in endeavoring to meet the Victorian lino of railway on the Border. The construction of railways in Kew South Wales had not been easy, the capital being shut out from the rest of the colony by high mountain ranges, which had to be scaled before the interior could be reached. That difficult}' had, however, now been overcome, and the heaviest expenditure having bpen already incurred, the Government would endeavor to push on the line at a cheap rate to the town of Albury. He would thank them for the very cordial welcome which they had accorded him, and would be only too glad to lend his aid to promote the interest of any part of the colony. He had said that ho did not think the colony of New South Wales ought to lag behind any other. It was blessed with numerous natural advantages, and well calculated to support a much larger population, but he did not think this could be secured by legislators setting up as nurses to nature with a so-called protective E olicy. Nature should not be thwarted, and e thought tliat if every one would do his best to discover and develop the riches tliat lie at his feet, he would best bring about the result they all aimed at—namely, a high state of civilisation. That was coming, and coining rapidly. It might be the destiny of the colonies to show a new theory of national existence. It might be tliat they would always continue to form part of the great British Empire, but whatever they did, or whatever their fortune, he felt certain that they would always preserve their spirit and their honor in a manner creditable to the parent stock from which they sprung. In this respect there was no fear of any of the Australian colonies, least of all was there any fear of New South Wales. They boasted a goodly land, an excellent climate, and one great advantage possessed by the colony was tliat it was capable of producing within its own borders all that was necessary even in a high state of civilisation. By proper cultivation of the soil, all their wants could be supplied. With regard to the irritation caused by the Border duties, he hoped they would, before long, disappear for ever. He would propose the " Town and District of Albury." Mr. Parkes here resumed his seat amid loud cheers. Mr. GEORGE DAY returned thauks, and in doing so remarkedthat the district of Albury would compare favorably with any other in the colony. It was, comparatively speaking, a new district, but the statistics showed tliat it only was second in point of importance to one other, and every day fresh waggon loads people were arriving to settle on the land. Mr. HAYKS proposed the " Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough of Albury." Mr. BiACKMonu returned thanks, taking the opportunity,to express aiiope tliat the Government would see its way to allowing a continuation of the municipal endowment for another five years. Mr. W. N, M. EDMONDSON proposed "The Pastoral, Agricultural, and Commercial Interests." The pastoral interest was placed first, because it was the forerunner of all the others. The agricultural interest was also of importance, out not so important as tho other. Could they, however, only got rid of tho Victorian duty on cereals, this industry would make rapid progress in the district. The commercial interest was, of course, dependent on the other two. One could not prosper without the prosperity of the other. Mr. THOMAS MITCHELL returnedthauks on behalf of the pastoral interest in a brief speech, in the course of which he reviewed the progress of the district since the advent of the first pioneer settlers. Mr. JAMES DAY also responded on behalf of tho agricultural interest. Mr. JOHN DOW.VJF. acknowledged the toast on bclialf of the commercial interest. It might be cxpected that he should say something on the subject of the Border duties, but lie would content liimsolf with expressing the hope tliat the Premier would use his best endeavors to secure free trade in colonial produce. TJiat boon of itself would be of great advantage to the district, and if Mr. Parkes could obtain it, he would render himself and his administration more popular than ever. The toasts of "Tho Ladies," "Tho Press," and " The Chairman and Vice-cliairman" followed, and were duly responded to ; the entertainment, which was most successful, coming to a close shortly after 11 o'clock. On the following morning Mr. Parkes, in company with the Mayor and several other gentlemen, visited the Murray Valley Vineyard, the Albury Gaol, the Hospital, the Public School, the Roman Catholic School, and the Convent of Mercy. At the Public School he distributed the prizes awarded by the local board, and a more full account of this distri- bution will be found in another column. By the time lie had gone through the above programme, it was getting well ou towards the afternoon, and the Premier had only time before starting to receive a deputation ou the subject of amendment of the land law. This deputation, comprising Messrs. Jas. M'Laurin, G. Adams, E. Flannery, R. Guest, G. Day, J. Day, and a number of other gentlemen, waited upon Sir. Parkes at his hotel. Mr. M'LAUMX said that the deputation, although sorry to detain Mr. Parkes, were yet auxious that lie should not leave the town without beiug made aware of the wishes of the people of the district, in the event of any alteration being made in the existing Laud Act They thought tliat it would be wrong if a niiuor were not allowed to select, and they also thought that where a parent selected for his children, the residence of tho children with their parents on one of the portions selected should be considered a sufficient residence. They thought it absurd that a child on whose account a piecc of land was taken up should bo obliged to sleep upon it. Mr. PARKES: I will go farther than that. I think it is simply barbarous." Mr. M'LAURIN said they held it would be better for a man to be allowed to select for each child. Mr. PARKES said there was some reason in the remarks of Mr. McLaurin. Ho was not averse to the idea of a mau selecting for his children. It was not desirable that children in order to comply with the law should liave to be placed on land apart from their parents. He would rather see them all under one roof. In any measure that would be brought forward on tho subject, the deputation might rest assured, that the Government would try to avoid this separation of families. He thought a father should be allowed to select for his child, and would recommend that a memorial be prepared on the subject, promising at the same time that it should receive full consideration. Mr. CHOUGH DAY then pointed out another abuse often perpetrated under the present law. flny person could take up land in the name of a dummy. Then abandoning his claim the laud was brought to auction and sold for £1 per acre. By this means the purpose of the Act was constantly defeated by capitalists. Mr. PAIUCUS said that in .any future amendment of the land law the Government, while considering the interests and fair claims of the squatters, would also make provision agaiust the recurrence of abuses similar to those which had been pointed out to him. The deputation then withdrew. Shortly afterwards Mr. Parkes started en route for Gundsigai, accompanied by an escort of two troopers. What is that which has many leaves and no stem !—A book. SUPERSTITION IN STRATIIBOGIE.—A few days ago, a farmer in Stratiibogie—-a worthy elder of the church, too—who had been very unfortunate with his cattle, was determined to counteract the spell which seemed to have been cast over them, and for that purpose gathered together an immense quantity ol' peats, &c.;, and the last animal that died was buried therein, the pile lighted, and the whole consumed. Whether the burning had the desired effect or not we liave yet to learn. This Iiappened within a short distance of the ghost haunted castle of Beldorney. 