have written Weinart peace, Lessees,-: -. - - - ? ~*^~ WEDNESDAY, 1S,KX' 20, 1871. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers stated, in any WIT to, questions, that the Government had, after due inquiry, declined to accede to the petition for additional police protection for Abercrombie and neighbouring districts that the circular of the Council of Education of September, 1871, respecting the classification of teachers, had not been laid before both Houses of Parliament, and was not embodied in any regulation; that the Government had been unable to identify any run between iircewarritia'and Rourke in the name of the Moculta un that tenders would be invited in a week or two for the erection of a court and watchhouse at Crook- well that in obtaining emigrants far the colony, the Agent-General was guided by the regulations made by the Government; that it was the intention of the Government to appoint a warden for the district of Mudgee, and that Mr. Dalton would not as warden for Gulgong until an appointment could be made that the steamship Macgregor had been taken into the Fitzroy Dry Dock on the terms named in the 22nd section of the contract for the temporary mail str a fee. ' ¡ Mr. 1U'lifts preferential a petition from Messrs. John, Piper Mackenzie, and William Henry Mackenzie, spraying the lions; to pass the Underwood Estate Act 1 Amendment Bill. Mr Bim,!;» moved the adjournment of the Houatx 'forth purpose! of directing attention to a practice which he said appeared to me grown up in the 'Lands Titles Office, contrary to the intentions of the Legislature, of adding to the certificate of title a statement that the description of the land referred to was the same is delineated in the map of the county to be found, in the Survey Office. According to the term of the Act, it was manifest that; a plan of the land should be drawn on the certificate, and that the certificate should be complete in itself, as all previous ' deeds relating to the ' land were to be given up and cancelled. He contended that there was an element of uncertainty in the reference made in certificates to grants told the descriptions at the Survey Office, which ought not to exist, and he hoped that the Go internment would cause something to be done in the matter, , Mr. Au IT was also of opinion that the cottages taught to be complete, and thought that the whole deputation should be brought under the notice of the Colonial Secretary. i j Mr. DRIVEN, Mr. Annear, and Mr. Lyons urged that unreasonable delay was experienced in placing titles and in transferring certificates of title in the Lands Titles Office. Mr KhUOM also wished to impress upon the Government that it was only after long delays that debts could be obtained from the Crown lands Department. The motion torture adjournment was put and negatived. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. MACINTOSH, that returns respecting water frontages in the harbour of Port Jackson, from the western end of Liverpool- street, along the eastern side of Darling Harbour and of Miller's Point, to the northwest end of Circular Quay, were to be laid on the table, i Mr. MACINTOSH moved that the House would, on Friday next, go into committee to consider the follow- ling- resolutions That, for the encouragement and more efficient working of the municipal system of all government, the Municipalities Act of 1807 and the amended. To admit of a minimum output of rate being levied on all properties brought under the provisions of the Act. '1. To give greater facilities than now exist for levying and collecting rates on unoccupied premises or lands owned by (private persons. 3 to enable the Government to extend the boundaries of land now incorporated, and to refuse applications from persons praying that car train lands should be brought under the provisions of [ the Act when deemed of insufficient area or of assess I able value, whereby a revenue could be collected to ensure economic and efficient working. 4. To grant I an endowment for a more extended term than now prevails under the 18th clause of the Act. 6. To enable the Government to annex any two or more | municipalities, and to declare that the powers of the Municipal Council of Sydney should be ex- I extended so as to authorise the Council to levy a general I rate on all buildings occupied by the Government, i and on all vacant - lands exclusive of reserves for public purposes within the municipality. He ex I explained that the resolutions were founded upon the report of the Select Committee on Municipalities, and addressed the House at some length in I support of the principles they farmed. > Ire I said he desired the spread of municipal | institutions all over the colony, and he claimed I thorough honesty of purpose and a good deal of intelligence for the persons to whom the municipalities hitherto established had been entrusted, though he admitted that the ratepayers had In some instances (sustained injury from their want of experience. He said that a minimum amount of rate was required, as the cost of collecting was often in excess of the amount ' 'Ucinundabla from some properties, that unoccupied lands did not contribute their fair quota towards municipal improvements, and that Municipal Councils should have power to rent free, lands for limited ¡ periods that small municipalities could not be worked, economically or efficiently; that the country was not ripe for compulsory incorporation and that the endowment allowed under the Municipalities Act must be extended. The hon. member also entered into a statement of the claims of the Sydney Corporation for an extended endowment in consideration of its expenditure in maintaining roadways such as (Georgo-street the exemption of public buildings from rates, and it outlay for improvements of general utility for which she obtained no return. I j Mr. HAVHAKI. and Mr! 1'oo-ni supported the motion for going into committee. of Mr. pARKJis agreed that it was desirable to go into committee to consider the resolutions, He thought, that the revenues of the municipal councils led, to a large extent, been misapplied, but not more so than was to have been expected, and that there had also been too great a disposition for couten lion and separation. It appeared to him that in equal parts of the colony elective road boards would be more suitable than municipal councils, and that it was im- possible to enforce compulsory incorporation. The amendment of the Municipal law was, however, inevitable, and he hoped some valuable recommendations would be obtained from the House in committee. After remarks from Mr. S. C, BROWN v, the motion, was put and carried. I Mr. RAPHAEL moved the restoration to the paper of the order of the day-for the third reading of the Sydney Corporation Act Amendment Hill, and that it stand an order of the day for Friday next. I A division was called for, when, as it appeared that only nineteen members were present, 1 Mr. öi'HAi.Ett adjourned the House at first to i p.m., this day (Wednesday). * ' u '"1 "I I MR. FORSTER is to ask, this evening, whether the Government ever promised to introduce any measure to grant an additional retiring allowance to Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, or whether it has any intention of doing so. As to the promise, it is probable that the question may be easily answered in the negative. Mr. PARKES JS usually, too wary a man to' commit himself to any inconvenient pledges. His escapade with reference to Mr. BT*TEBB was an exceptions the general rules, A dii^ja'^iàk to the temporaryT'atícendancy refers impulse of a friendship over political prudence. i'-I¿\the absence of any such stimulus in the present case, it is not to be supposed that there has been any gushing declaration of benevolent intentions. L'ut ' there may be? intimations without explicit undertakings. A Ministerial promise H not issued')' couched in the process for most of a promissory note. Aces; cling to Mr. THOMAS K.O BKiu.seiet there Inn. c but assurances given, sufficiently definite) to he thought reliable, that the matter will be dealt with during the aeH ijion Mr.'PAHXUS has complained of this revelation by Mr. KOIIKKXSOH as a violation of confidential intercourse, and if it was too we do not commend it. But, at the same time, it was a repetition of what has been so currently reported, that the confidence must have been distributed, over a very large number of persons. If the Government has really intended to submit a measure of the kind indicated, it ought to have been done at the earliest period practicable after the late Chief ' Justice's re i agreement. ' A'.'?-. dall jun cito dal. It was in the highest degree unsuitable to leave a retiring Judge uncertain as to what his allowance would' be, nor was it putting him in a dignified position to leave him for months waiting the good pleasure of the Government. Either expecta- tions should not have been raised, or they should have been promptly satisfied. i, ,, , Ye can imagine twoftcasons, either of which may have caused the absence of action on the part of the Government either that they were afraid of ' defeat and did not wish to run the risk, or that they did not really feel disposed to defend such a measure. The first reason is certainly not sufficient to justify the procrastination. Supposing a defeat, it would have been no worse early than late for as a matter s of fact, a defeat in such a case would have been of no vital political importance. The Government has twice suffered defeat with respect to the pension for Dr'. LANG. In the same place they were defeated in the vain effort to resist the proposal and in the second place they were defeated in the attempt to pass the bill. But these defeats did not shake the stability of the Cabinet. ! Nor does the second reason , furnish a satisfactory explanation of the present position of affairs. If the Government honestly disap- proves of any additional allowance for Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, then they ought not to bring in any bill at all early or later, unless, as in the case of Dr. LANG, they do so in' formal obedience to a vote of the House. But then, if they entertain a very emphatic opinion on the subject, and in the negative, they ought to have pronounced it very much earlier so early in fact as to have nipped all expectation in the bud. So far as we are aware, nothing has been said publicly by any member of the Government on which any opinion could be raised as to the light in which the matter is it viewed by the Cabinet. It may be thought that the Government owes Sir AI.FKX» no thanks for retiring when he did. Had he been still occupying his seat on the Bench, Mr. BUTLER would have been still Attorney-General, and Mr. PARKES would have escaped an episode in his career which added neither to his strength nor his reputation. But the retiring Judge is in no way responsible for the political acts of the head of the Cabinet, nor ought any of the inconvenience due to them to be revenged on him. It has been inferred, from the allusion made by Mr. i PARKES the other evening with reference to the Judge's remarks when the man beARER was being tried that the PREMIER. had a wish to discredit his Honor by Reviving an old prejudice against him. People are apt in politics to jump to conclusions society What too readily, and we cannot say that the' circumstance justifies the suspicion that it has engendered. But it is not altogether wanting in print their evidence. The allusion had the appearance of being bogged in by the head and shoulders, as if' it had been kept on hand for an opportunity, and was used then in default of' a better chance offering. It was utterly inappropriate to the argument, which was, whether the Supreme Court was less fallible or less likely to decide wrongly than a committee of the House, For that purpose it was absurd to contrast the decisions of the committee with a casually interjected re- mark from the Bench. Things to be compared should be of the same sort, and no man of sense would contrast the obiter dictum of a i Judge with the solemn decisions of other tribunals. The traditions of the Bench are full of witty and sparkling sayings uttered by a J stages during the course of trials ; but these have merely been just d'esprit, and are not to, be confounded with grave judicial deliverances. Apart from this, (he accusation grounded on this t particular remark of Sir ALFRED STEVEN was proved at the time to be groundless. It was submitted to the investigation of that ''less fallible" judicature, a select committee of the Assembly, by whom the Judge was entirely acquitted and as Mr. PARKES himself] was a party to that inquiry and that acquittal, it was inconsistent in him to revive the story in the form of an accusation. ' (. j But all questions of this sort have really' nothing to do with determining whether some special addition ought not to be made to the pension of a Judge who has served so long and so well. "We are not insensible to the nature by the force of the arguments, that may be urged on the other side, and to the danger of establishing precedents which may be open to abuse. But the case of Sir Are. HEM STEPHEN is one that it will be very difficult to parallel.. If we never exceed the exact terms of the law except in the case of a Judge who retires at the age of seventy-two years, after having served for thirty-five years, (the' I precedent will not prove a very dangerous one. , there is no doubt that for industry, learning, and impartiality, Sir ownED has satisfied the * Hfcinest requirements of his position. The salary has never been in excess of the value of the work, performed, and it has been below the range of professional earnings, it would be only justice and gratitude for the community which has gained so much, to prevent the withdrawal from the Bench involving any Reduction of domestic comforts. ' ' . We do not consider that Sir Airmail's use 'tfulness as a public man need necessarily close with his retirement from the Bench. There is; a great deal to-be done in the way qf¡jaw, reform, the preparatory work of which, as it is neglected by politicians, maybe most conveniently performed by lawyers, not involved in politics. We know of. no work to which the ex-Chief Justice could with more con- sistency, propriety, or usefulness devote his remaining years, nor anything which would more completely justify the claims put forward on his behalf. ' , ' \ Tin: Water Fund of the City Corporation is indebted to the, Government (exclusive of in- terest) £213,337. This sum represents the total expenditure rendered necessary by the action of the City Commissioners, and for the I repayment Of which the public Retraes! well I pledged. Since that' debt was ii»curre,ff,,del(inr, tures have, been issued, by the Corporation' under the authority of the Act of rein corpora- tion to the amount of between £70,000 and i £60.000. In addition to this, there is also an overdraft r at the bank which makes- the total debt on the Water Ptmd about £öOO,Of)üji Thin debt,' at the rate of 5 per cent, 'on the <£213,S37, and 6 per cent, on the Cor h oration' debentures, makes the yearly interest' aSiut' £1]5,0Ó0. The annual working expenses, in cluding fuel, pumping, and salaries, is stated to be £13,200,-.bringing the soul oApondi turn to, in round numbers, £29.000 per annum The total income from water is suL down at £36,000 a year These figures show a balance of income of £7000. But it must be home in' mind that no " capital " account has been kept ' When new pipes are required, to replace I old ones, they are paid for " partly out of rates I and partly out of borrowed money' The Corporation goes on " borrowing money but it, is required It is given in evidence that The cost of the works at Botany, the construction of reservoirs, and the laying down of mains, up to the present time, may be stated at £öii7,v"63. it is, apparent at a glance, that £7000 per annum is a sum far too small, to carry to, the "capital" account of works) HO extensive consisting of machinery upon which there is great wear and tear, of pipes which are perishable, and of reservoirs which, as we have seen during the last few days, are liable to destruction, the, statement was given to the committee of the coast. which has been in- < cured by the Corporation in replacing old pipes with new ones, or if restoring works which had fallen into disrepair. This fund therefore, cannot be said to be in d satisfactory condition, and tie to be regretted that the committee did not insist upon being furnished with a more detailed statement of accounts showing the annual income and expenditure in connection with the water supply, and what would be the present condition of the fund in the borrowing, pu wet under it had not been illegally) drawn upon to the tune of £5000 a year to augment the City branch And here we may say, sir paren fh for, that the evidence in regard to the 'affairs'of'the it is taken in a very unsatisfactory way. It displays a total absence of method' and arrangement There is an erratic shifting of the enquiry from one point to another, just at the time when it becomes interesting ; and scarcely an instance - is to be found where a succession of pertinent questions have been put so as to exhaust a single branch of the subject, and elicit information' which is necessary to enable the reader to arrive at a conclusion upon a complete view of the facts of the case. It is, however, scaled generally by the. Town Clerk that the early profit on the water works goes towards the laying of new mains and the extension of old works. It is used as" far as it goes, and when it is absorbed any further amount that may be required is raised by debentures." It is set forth in an appendix that the total re- ' ceipts are required for maintaining the works, the extension of mains and further means of supply, the interest on debentures,' and the necessary office expenses-." i An expenditure of' £337,663, and eat property valued at £59,520-or in round numbers * £400,000-employed with the result shown ' above cannot be regarded,' as a satisfactory investment, especially when it is remembered that upwards of five-sixths of the sure is, represented by perishable material], and that the value of the source which makes the expends sure valuable is rapidly deteriorating.' In proof of the former statement we refer to the evidence which sets forth that the capital expended' is £337,663, and to an official tWumerii which states that the value of the water reserve, consisting of 758 acres, was in 1871 i estimated at £59,520. To show that the later statement is not made without authority, we quote from the evidence given before the select committee. ! Mr. MACINTOSH said, I have changed my opinion with regard to the watershed. SHIP . » so far as its value as a watershed is concerned, I but by reason of the pollution of the water which is now going on, and which there seems to be no means of preventing. The only way of doing this is to decnltivato and depopulate . the whole Of the watershed, and to authorise the . Corporation to purchase it. I believe that it will take at least £200,000 to buy up the light of the various persons interested in the land, already alienated, and, do not think it would be either politic or proper to go to so heavy an expense as this." In reply: to another question he says, " There is no time in be lost In seeking for another source of supply, Especially if the pollution of the watershed now going on is not put a stop to ! If something be not done at once I very much fear that in five years' time, the, water will be so much deteriorated as to be unfit for use. With regard to the pollution of which it was alleged that the Corporation had been the cause, I may say that, although pollution to some extent had taken place, yet the Corporation , has. done all in its power to undo the mischief, and that considerable expense has been gone to in order to remove the offensive material com' plained of. As all this stuff has been now carted away that portion of the watershed can be kept, clean, but as to the other portion which I have alluded to-that to the north and east of the watershed, it is altogether beyond the control of the Corporation, and the mischief must in . avoidably go on increasing every day ' The City Surveyor gave evidence at some length on this subject. His statement is, in effect, that there is great danger of the pollution of the source of water supply. He says, rk A very large portion of Waverley, a portion of the city, and a considerable portion of Paddington [ drain into the watershed. The number of houses, in > those parts it- rapidly increasing. I think there are some portions of [Randwick which also drain in to it; and I may add, the Victoria Barracks and some portions of Woollen." He says further that the water of the Lachlan Su amp is not so pure as it was, formerly, a "owing to the dwellings which have been elected on the 'watershed, and owing to the discharge of filth into it. The foregoing facts show that the affairs connected with the Water' Fund of the city do not justify any expectation that the Corporation will, under 'present arrangements, be able to cope with the large debt which has been incurred. The condition of things, however, is not so hopeless in this respect as in regard to the sewerage. j ' ' ^ -?-rJJ!L_ . To the nine Banks heretofore comprised in the quarterly abstract published, in the Government Gazette there is now for the first time added a tenth, the " Mercantile (Bank of Sydney," 'chiefly bank-of deposit, its issues being at present very small. The official returns for pie Quarter ended March 31, 1874,«exhibit the following comparative results :-; ' ii,. No. LENORE CIRCULATION. 1 The note circulation has again increased, though to a moderate extent." s, 1872-3. 1870-1. j , Increase, tunes..'.,..,-.. 27 7,700 .. AMAROO .... El 3,00 Septimus.... ? 703,000 .. 944 81)1. "5. JQWW December.... S7C.40O'.. 1,001,800 .. I2f>.tft0 March . M3 600 .. 1,005,G0U .. 7000 As compared with the corresponding quarter of last year, the issues have increased £72,000 ; at c,irii|iarOdrwith the quarter next preceding <~ they have increased only £3800. -is.,? " Nina issue a short IWK. ' ' i . 1873 1874. ' i i ' March. March. 1 r, of. aliases... .lAl.ßOi» 4tfi9,r.00 increase CREW) t'fimmciv,«!,... 27sec 305,300 increase death AjUhtrsIaaia ... Si.,¿00 4.1,400 increase 7,i4t>t» Jean . cloud 17,100 increase ""3000 ' Joint Stock .. 176,300, 165,700 decease 10,000 ' London... 0.400 6500 decree is ' 300 English \ . . ;U,;ÍQO ss, 300 increase 3,100 Oriental. . ..' 60,500' 54,300 decrease ' 2,201»,J rally at. 24,100 ' 27,800 increase its Mr Fenn Ule .... - TION ' _ ' i In six! of the banks the issues have been increased, in three of them they have been reduced. THE' highest increase is with the Bank, of New South Wales Jiítí lOO; the heaviest decrease, with the, Joint; Stock;, ,£M>,000. " No. 2. DEPOSITS, i, , , , w The deposits are still increasing, and in creasing largely. , a , , a . . a 1872"'". I - 1873-4. Increase.' , June .£8,681,709,.. £<V)02,700 ..£1,408,00» . fdk-ptembor, .. S.felO.GOO .. líl.oaü.OÓO .. 1,181,40!» ; December .. 0,'ilJ,WQ ,. 10,270,300,.. 1,005,300 t March. at...., 9,732,10o,,. ll,02J.'»00 ,,. 1,291,0ft» , ] The deposits now, exceed devon millions-., averaging about £20 per head of the whole,' population of the colony. They have increased ,? during the first three months of the present year by £744 ;000 and place the same quarter of last "year by £1,291,500. It should be noticed. However, that the deposits of the -Mercantile '(£355,500) were not included in, the returns for last year. The deposits bearing interest and lodged for specified terms and those repayable at call I were, respectively, as follows ;- 6 2 6 7 ' " Per cent. ' (-*-, 1873-4. At all. Fixed. At call. Fixed. .lune.JC6,G12,000 .,£4,360,100 ., 662,.4» 8. -, September 6,79'>,300 .. 4,228,700 567 8 .. 423. , , December 0,308,800.. 4,910 GOO .. 62 a ...47,'S . Stand..,. 3,400,300.. 5,503,500 .. 40 5 ., 50 6 , ' the proportion of fixed deposits has been on the increase during the last six months, having in that interval advanced from 42 per cent. to I JOY, in other words, of every £100 of deposits in September last £42 4s. were fixed and £67 I Ga. attack; while of every £100 in March ' last the fixed were £50 10s. and the open £49' loss . . - 'a , , ",: The annexed columns exhibit the : >,, ) DuvosiTS akin BY EACH. BANK.' , < i 1873\. 1874. in Des ,, ' JLJ L March. March. crease., crease. , N.S. Wait St. £3,510,600 £4 025,300 '£614,800 ' ' ' Commercial. . 2,470,500 2,701,400' 326,009' " " " ' , ' Australasia .. 451,000 608,600 57,600 " ""' times . 361,200 104 000 - 257, 209" ' Joint Stock',, 1,316,300 1,325,000 2700 "-'1 London. 226,700 221,200 - 5,508,< English '. 212 300 2<J2,G0O 20,300 -r t Oriental a J ' fcS 2,400 003,200 - 1930's city. ..... v 441,600 556,000 115,300 - -, ''infantile ,. - 335,600 ,- , seen |, In three of the banks the deposits have fallen If sent- in all the others they have increased,' a specially" in the Bank of New South Wales; r he Commercial, and the City, which show an" aggregate increase approaching a million, the' ' Bank of New South Wales alone having' in'-',, creased more than half a million, nearly 15 per!, 'left- , " " ' I No. ACORN., "f The reserves of coin has we i again advanced, upon the quarter next preceding i s . 1872-3. . 1873-4. Decrease. June.. 3. £2,914,400 .. £2,175,900 ..,£78B¡5t>0 > a member .. 3,060,800 ., 1,808 400 .. 1,242,4011 i December .. 2,808,700,. 1,850,500 ... 1,048.800 , gladioli ...... 2,243,600 .. 2,089,000' ,. 164 6000 I As compared with the same time last year at the coin shows a reduction of £154,600, but as > compared with the previous quarter an increase of £238,500. 1 The reserves in each of the banks were as follows: COIN iiEtu HY BACK Days. ]" 1873\. 1874. In- De t '' March. March, crease, crease!"' K. B. \V.de& J. £946,700 £772,300 - £173,-4l}t ' Commercial .. 489,100 020,800 £40,700 - Australasia ,. 102,600 87,000 , - 14,900 ' Union ' ., "121,500 118,600 -- a 900." Joint Stock ., 260,600 221,900 -. ' 1876 London 46,400 39,600 - , 6,900 English .. 61,700 1.000 10,200 - of Oriental .. 133,600 133,000 - , 209 City , ., 92, 300 72,200 - |<( 20,100 ?klepctuitUa f, - 51,600 The coin reserves have thus been reduced in all the banks except the Commercial and the English ' No. DISCOUNTS. 1 The discounts are still expanding, and have swelled out to £9,305,200. . ' 1872-3. 1873-1 Increase.' ? June I.... £7,257,700 .,£8,859,100 ., £1)001,101) September 7,722,200 .. 0,173,500... 1,461,300 December 8,273,000 .. 9,2 0,8)0 .. 997,800 Much.... l",5 29,00 ., 9,366,200 ., 826,900 , 1 hiring the past three months the discounts have increased £84,400, during the past Lehre months £825,900, and since the first period of the table, June 1872, they have increased by upwards of Two MmitoNs ' (£2,097,500), or 116 per cent, The transactions of each bank in this moist branch of their business were as under 9--- I . DISCOUNTED BACH 11 AMI - 1 . 1873. 1874. ; March. March. Ino. Dec. , N, S. Wales £2,389,000 £2,490,200 £101,200 -, , Commercial.. 2,192,100 2,415,100, 222,700 , Australasia.. 36.00 111,900 51,900 - . Union ...... 347,000 341,000 , - 'MCC Joint Stock.. 1,823,100 1,311,600 - ' 1160 London .... 246,000 241,800 - '3,20 english .... 368,600 335,900 - 32,600 Oriental! .... (»87,500 720,000 32,600 -s City 66.90 855,900 39,000 - . Mercantile.. - 431,200 - 1 In four of the banks the discounts have been reduced; in one of them, the English, by 9 per cent. In five they have been extended, the Commercial having increased its loans by £222,700, above 10 per cent. In addition to their ordinary discounts, the Bank of New South Wales has advanced £16, 100, and the Commercial £205,400, in Government securities. No. 6 -COIN AND LIABILITIES. The aggregate issues and deposits, compared with the aggregate reserves of coin and bullion, were as follows :- , March 1871. March 1811. Issue, Notes and bills .. £965,500 .. £1,041,200 JDepointe. 9,732,400 J. 11,023,900 Total issues and deposits 20,09 7,00 .. 12,086,109 Cen and bullion. 2,33, 0s .. 2,209,400 Difference.£8,384,200 .. £9,866,70» While the liabilities of the banks to their depositors and to the holders of their notes have increased in the year by £1,367,200, their reserves of specie have diminished by £104,300. For every £100 of their liabilities they held, in March M last year, £21 of specie in March of the present year only £18. The usual mode of comparison, however, is to place the coin reserves against one- third of the joint amount of notes and open deposits. This class of liabilities amounted in the past quarter to £2,189,600 to meet which on. demand the banks (excluding the 'Mercantile) ^ held £2,037,400, a deficiency of £l52,200i> , The two sides of the account in each flask are given below ' There is 7dwt sum of f,'20.000 under Ihaheal to " tuition " on-Tees ]^,¿8u,,,'VriNt»'ASvuri.>*s«o-' CCIIN.- '-I ." of 'a . '" .^.liqufrVd.',., "held.. a Surplus, J Union -,.'..';*ßG0.90O .. SHEGOG f. £57,7P<V Sir, ... ' £400 ,,. 30.00 ,.... 10,000 . Sh ' . i ' ' 48,600, - s,300 ,.. 18.400 , is OF A... -COW. .. 13.1.Q90 .. 380ft , ' LAMe LAYING A DWICIKNOV O' O. F . , ' Ri<|-ir<<l. Held. -Deficiency. I MS, Wales.. £81.0 300 .. 27 2.300 .. £88,000 i Gomersal... 5ß7.W>0 .. 530 B(iO- .. -3500 ' August,.. 15 700 .. 87.000 .. 3500 . Joint Moss. .. 8I8.1KW .- aai,0W» ..MI0.100 City .......i 9-13" .. 72. 100... ,2Í1D0 The aggregate liabilities of the ten banks within the colony amount to £12,259,700; their aggregate assets to £15,805,000 ; leaving a working capital of 23,5 10,00, with which they fineness lending business of £9,671,700; the difference between which and the working capital (,í'0,l'25,500)' represents, it is presumed, the extent to which they make use of their deposit'.. The 'paid up capital of the Perth banks is £7 794,700, the reserve fund £2,169.000. The last half-) year's dividend ' amounted to £4,r>tí,400, averaging from 5 to 126- per. cent. 12 autumn. , , S-. M. i . . "i SbrttKMK ' COURT. Business This Day. Banco Court : Rutter v. Father ; Newman v. Bank of. Miss' South Wales; Municipality of Waratah v. Waratah Coal Company ; Dudfield v. Craig and others. Jury Court : Osborne and others v. Thorne, ? Maclean v Stuart and another, Moore and others v. Allen, Lockyer v , Parkes, du Equity. Before his Honor the Inpiao Judge, at livestock: Howitt and others v, Farrell and others (li) Older), adjourned bearing; Tankard and another v. White, and another, further directions and este : Coll v. Cole, further directions and costs. Master's (office, at li o'clock : Mackenzie v. Chambers, adjourned evidence DIVORCE COURT-The yesterday Mr. C. J. Mau ring,.injitnictrel by Messrs. Fitzhardinge and Sons, on behalf of the petitioner in the case Spiller v. Spillcr.uppliod His Honor, Mr Justice Hargrave, for the direction of. ALH in the case. Petitioner, John Spiller, of Wagga, YSRgii Volitions fordiawilution of marriage, on the grounds i the adultery of his wife. The co- respondent 13 named John Bennett. His Honor, having heard ' Mr. Manning, I decided that the case was one for adjudication by the Court, , and set down the case for hearing upon the affidavits, in' the Chamber Court Supreme Court', on Tuesday, June 2. ' he issues to he tried being First as to the locality of. the ? works go on' the parties ; second, as to the alleged adultery.. MAKIN!: BOARD APPOINTMENTS.-The Sydney Marine Board have appointed Mr. We May to be water xilitT, said Mr. W. Cruickshanks to be assuming engineer- surveyor of this port. A AustRALIAN. JOCKEY CLUB-The tenders for the new Grand Stand were decided at a meeting of the committee held yesterday, when the design with the motto 'Ex I'iscntor Almanac" (Mr. G. A. Morell, CE.) was so loatediuitho bust adapted according to sprsñfleiHorls, and was awarded first prize; and the motto with the hand and dart (Mr. R. J. Downey) secured second prizes The ton describe now training- ground and widening the course, making ready cm and excavations, was. awarded to Mr. Duriuiâ' Trotter. The date for the Spring Meeting was initiator though, 10th, 11th, and 12th September next, so that Wxtntry clubs can arrange their programmes, 'fUii.w'i.r TOWARDS WAOUA WAUKA. --. Five tenders were received at Jim Office of the Minister for Works, yesterday, for the construction of the next suction of the Great Southern Railway, namely, from the end of Mr UtLnfi' Williams' nection, near Yass, to Cootamundra The length of this extension is something over 61 , Billen, no that the total length of this Ira: opened for traffic' are in course of construction will be '253 miles.' The whole of the workers far as Murrumburrah, about 17 miles from Young, are to be completed by the 31st of December, 1876, svelte Ciíotaiiiundra by the 30th June, 1878" 'I , no 'SvnNEv UNIVERSITY CALENDAR.'- Followirig'j the well-approved custom of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge trial of Sydney has issued its Calendar for the rear ift71«76. who volume, which contains 170 pages; and is very neatly printed, furnishes full information as to the various affiliated Colleges including the now one of St. Andrew's and gives ample particulars relative to founda- tions, benefactions, and prizes, annual rules, honours, elsgrcc«,and public examinations. Thomas also contained therein a complete list of members of the University to gether with the by- laws, regulations, and Acts connected with the leading educational establishment of the colony. Oibha, Shidlarâ,'iind Co. are the printers. pADriiKCTON.-A tea meeting was last even-. higheldiu the Wesleyan Church, Paddington, income- I memoration of the opening of that place of worship some twenty years ago and considering the inclemency of the weather, was well attended. The tables were cleared away for a public meeting, at which, after suitable devotional services, Mr. HQ. Nicholas was voted into the chair, who introduced the finances of the meeting, and addressed him self to the necessity which existed for the erection of new and larger places of worship. The theme was taken up and informed by the succeeding speakers, the Rev. J. A. Nolan, Mr. T. Cowlishaw, Mr. E. Vickery, and the Rev. Charles Olden the superintendent of the circuit,., It was resolved to "rise and build, a committee was appointed, and submit scriptions' amounting to over £360 were promised in aid of the undertaking. Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies Vftio provided the tea, and to the chairman, and the meeting was terminated by pronouncing the benediction. . ThE 'ÍNTEHC0T.0N1AL GIG RACE. -'. The Sub Committee appointed to select a crew to represent the Sydney Rowing Club in the forthcoming match with Victoria, have decided to request the following gentlemen to hold themselves is readiness to form crews for practice, under the supervision of the Selection Committee, in the following order First ; G. H. Fitzhardinge, G. L. Clark, R A. Clark, M. A. H.,FitKbjrdinge., Gooud; G, H. Fitzhardinge, S. W. Smith, It. A. Clark, M. A". H. I FibhareunKc. Third: G Fitzhardinge, P! J, Clarke,, A. Clark, M. A. H. Fitzhardinge. Thus it will be seen boat out of the eight candidates for seats in SW boat. the matter has been reduced to six. Mr. P. J. Clark request j ustoatatolhiithohap since withdrawn his notice of him thus I list of candidates, 10 that the selection for fourth man MR. virtually Be A between MCSBTS. T. W. Smith and G. C Clark. . The following curreBpondcnoechas recently passed on the »lUjftCt of the match:-"Melbourne,'aSth»April, 1874.. sea Sirs-I have to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 17th instant, suggesting the first, recorded; third, Saturday in July us a good time, for the content between,, Sydney and Melbourne, and requesting mc to obtain the' opinion of the committee as to one of the the H) dates should gested to be considered final. This letter was laid before' ino warranted last evening, and after giving the subject careful consideration, I was instructed to inform you" that the end of September would bathe earliest date to which, the committee could agree.' This decision was not arrived seat without due deliberation. The fact that during the next 1 fQiit or five months darkness comes on, here shortly after on o'clock, combined with the usually flooded state of the river during that time, greatly influenced the committee In -coming to that determination. In fact, although out- effort ' is supposed to commence on the 1st October, for the last four year the opening day has not been until the 22nd," -21st, 50th, and 18th respectively ; consoquentlvenyerow pioneer would like very few opportunities for practice. swept in a thursday afternoon, and, as you well. know, four or five rows would be a very poor preparation for a. race of the kind proposed. Yours truly,. G. H. ROWE NEW, Honorary Secretary Melbourne Uogatu Cominjltcoi To L. J. Clark, KM-., Sydney Rowing Club." " Sydney. 14th May, 1879. Dear Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the Bath Kilfenora reply to mine on 17th, in which I suggested that either the' first, second, or third Saturday in July would be 11 suitable day for the champion race. Yon state that your committee had ft)(trui,led you to inform me the end of September WOUWIK) the earliest date to which your committee could seven.' 1 must point out to you that this intimation is at variance with the tone of the challenge accepted by your committee, which stipulated the race to take place between thonipulUsof May and September, 1871, on a day to be mutually agreed upon.' The day which you name did not in arrears into with the agreement, and the terms of the decision of the committee are equally unfortunate, for when they intimate that the end of Seri harbor would be the earliest date to which they could agree, they ignore our right to a voice in fixing a date which was to be mutually agreed upon,' and, further, was not to be the date they have instructed you to mention, but was to be between that date and a date several mouths author. We are willing to meet your convenience as far as possible, and would not object to the last Saturday's August; and we hope that this compromise between the units that would be respectively convenient will he accepted. It will be obvious to your committee that there are two parties to be consulted in this matter, to say nothing of the terms of the challenge. I need not say that the James of the Sydney Rowing Club will do everything in their lOWer to make the visit of the Victorian crew te) Ardoyne enjoyable IIB possible. I am, dear Sir, VOMB faithfully, P. J. CtAUh, Honorary Secretary. ToO. H. Jeffries, £-.([." THE EASTERN EMBERSON AUSTl!Al.XslA UN's' Curta TELEGRAPH. - Number of telegrams transmitted through this Company's cable from Port Darwin, for the week ending Friday, May 6, 1874: Sent from the colonies Î South Australia, 14 9 Victoria, 37 ; NewSouth Wales, 27; Uueenidand,-2 ; Tasmania: New Zealand, 4, Went Australia, 1 : total, 00. Sent to the colonies: South Australia, 13; Victoria, 50: New South Wales, 20: Tasmania, 4; New, Zealand., 3: total, 9. Total number of messagcsjlSQ. , CARCOAR. A telegram, received yesterday, states that the new bell of the Anglican church was rang to fighting on Sunday, and that prisoners very sweet, «C-M-S. Russell and Co, of Sydney, are the makers, j , j 'À!?"""?«««.-Tho' name of the nóhTCr.'W. Allen (Minister for Justice and -Phbltc'ïifttrKHirynr.wU inadvertently omitted in our report of Parliament published k' n y issue from the list of members present in uuiollauss was counted out Monday night. The A.S. N7 Company's"atAïu'ior Alexandra arrived * qnr-tnsellfr SçbtolMay- ÎWtirnUijf, a'XQwJiínir", after, (he Ellen, and the homeward mails were delivered to the posl'ntnuUiorltlOH'lhere., During, the afternoon, the Post; master-General! received a telegram from, the Victorian authorities, stating that the Sydney mails were (duly trm shipped per Pera. The arrangement by which the closing of the mail hero was deferred until Saturday has therefore proved d success. Had (he must closed on Friday to see" the departure of the Ellora, it would not Juivefouohjd England an hour earlier. , , ; . . CoMl-MMBNTAltY DINNKB-On"Sntnnîay^the 16th instant, a complimentary dinner WAS ghosts Messrs, Miller and Harrison (of the Albion Wharf Timber Yards by their employees. The party proceeded by train to Parra matta, where Mr. PsytAi had prepared for there. to table ". les. After doing ample juries to of our' Worthy Queen!'', our Employers," proposal by Mr John "'Sproule, dead responded to by Mr Hnrriida. ' After several speeches upon, the unity that should exist between employers and employed, the party adjourned to the Domain, and amused thnni'it*|vioi! with fodt- raees,'walking reaches. SR. ' .Taoy'ruh'rned to Sydney by the 7 p.m. train, all highly pleased with the entertainment. ( , , , , , " " ' '-ACCIDENT About 8 o'clock yesterday; morning 0 man named James Weir received a severe cotnpcrUttd'frRet turn to his leg by a tin stone, weighing about B'tir-ilO«wfc.f falling On his leg. Vn Halket is of opinion that the leg will have to be amputated. , ' ', \ f¡ ''( BoURIiK-STRKKT CONORHtlATÏONAr. CHURO!»"»-í The anniversary meetings of the above Church)' were held last evening, a The occasion was also intended dwts celebration of the thirteenth anniversary of the Rev. ThOmas Johnson's connection with the church The tea took place in the schoolroom, in Bourke- street and owing to" the" lurleinrocy of the weather was only attended by some 169 persons. The public meeting which followed was hold of I the chart. It was presided over by the Rev. Mr. Johnson? The proceedings were commenced with the singing of the well-known paraphrase, " O God of Bethel, and by prayer in which the Rev. Mr. Hardie engaged. Mr. Inwood, the' church treasurer, read the report for the past year. From this it appeared that the receipts for church purposes alone' had been £662 Os. In addition to this they had erected ft' schoolroom at the corner of Riley and-Devonstiiro streets, at a ia- cost of £500. Mr. Buzacott, church secretary, then read his annual statement' from which it appeared that the school in Devonshire-street, although only opened, i in November last, already required the adding to it of an infant schoolroom. The congregation of Boiirko-lrtrcOt Iliad recently held a meeting; at which they determined M provide an assistant to the Rev. Mr Johnson, in a young gentleman, who might still for a time pursue his studies at Camden College, They had also recently determined to erect new church in Iii u of the present iron one, and towards the expense which would have to be ineiiiYod they had already £743 In promises. The secretary of the Sunday- schools had informed him that there were not on the rolls of the Bourke- street: Sunday school 147 BchoUlrsV and '37 teachers, with an average attendance of SZO. scholar; while at the school in Devonshire-street there were 12 teachers and about 160 scholars. At Devonshire-street" school the numbers on the roll were steadily increasing The meeting was addressed by several clergymen. During the evening the church choir, under the able leadership of Mr. Salier, wing a. number of unlheiiiH in a, highly satisfactory manner. III,, THE POST straw illdnisKaviADbbaioi-.-The Ci'ovcrnmtut ex-South Australia have increased the rev, and i for information lending to the conviction, of the thieves who robbed the General Post Office of from £200 to £500- ' : , i SvvrosED iNcKNDTAitrsai.-'An' contests 'f?-! held on Saturday, the - 16th' instant, before the district, coroner, Mr. Betts, on IhO calling. of a fire which occurred on the premises, of one Daniel McLaughlin, at Gundary Cross Evidence was taken, Matthias story, after jConaiuomHon. returned a verdict to the effect that the premises was .fr- JuniousIy and wilfully set on fire, and the juryjbalievot", till re were strong grounds to suspect that the act was done by onciT'homa« most. ' ^ , ' , , , r , JiOMooituti Jlrntr»ttR.Trnteliigonce has reached his Southern Area) to the effect that at Tronson Friday last, it was currently rumoured that Mr. Jago) ft store keeper at Trunkey, had been robbed and murdered while irctnrn,'ngfrom Bathurst, after selling gold to the amount of £300, and that a. person well known in Goulburn, and lately a resident at Tuena; lind berrinrrested on suspicion of having committed the murder, i i i I i I A DIVORCE CASE The case of Terry of Terry, ' in which the husband sued for a judicial separation on account of his wife's cruelty, has been heard in the Melbourne Court during tbelosl four days, and from its pecu-, charity pas attracted a good deal of attention. Terry, who is the spiritualistic bookseller pt Russell-street, and his wife have been living a quit and dog life for several years The evidence showed that the lady was in the habit of assaulting, her husband, tearing out his hair,ij»ndotherwise (maltreating hint. Her evidence was to the effect that Terry had used her violently, and that the cause of the trouble, was his devotion to spiritualistic meetings at night and his, attention to a young lady to whom he had addressed a, love-letter which his wife had picked up. the "fount; lady herself was examined, and proved to have been one of Terry's patients in his character of spiritualist and, mesmerist At the conclusion of hearing the Judge reserved his decision. . , , , , j THE SMOKists-otiT' CASE At ^ANDirirnii'.'^ The inquiry, into the smoking out case between the Royal Hustler's Company and the Imperial Hustler's Freehold Company was continued (says the Age) at the Sandhurst Police court on Thursday, and resulted in the Bench committing David "Montgomery. mining" manager of the Royal Hustler's Company, for trial at the next general ROSEWOOD, dor causing suffocating of mines to be driven into the name of the Imperial Hustler's CdinpafiyV' The' prisoner was admitted to bail in a sum of 200. The police magistrate,' Mr. Cogdon, in recording his decision, expressed an opinion to the oiVcet that "disputes have been much better had the directors of the respective companies settled the dispute between them rather than leaving it to their employes, (who, by so doing, rendered themselves liable to punishment by committing an illegal act. ' ' I JEREMY BENTHAM AS A- SORRY SBIIBOTOR. T The following good yarn is? told by the Hamilton Spectator: r-A surveyor out westward was lately taken to task rather severely by a selector about the non-survey of his selection, which was in an out-of-the-way place. The "surveyor pleaded that at a certain place there were at least a dozen v ruling for their surveys. and was enderlvoiit- ing to explain the principle which he considered an' emanation from Jeremy Bentham the principle of always' doing the greatest good to the greatest number. He had only, however, proceeded as far as Jeremy BtmhamtsaVs,'"' when the infuriated Beloctor yelled out Jeremy BontLarit be hanged is what do I care for Jeremy Bentham's any other [selector'' Haven't I as much right to -get my i selection annoyed as Jeremy Bentham- haul '5 The men of Mines and fungi nets at once collapsed. - , ? '?',,' Tim BECK ties are ium EOKANiCA-ciiotitt;, IiiHUK'S AT "DitisiiAsu.-Thu CWvxof End by last gives The following account of the reception of the various, digni-, turns of the Roman Catholic Church who proceeded, to that city, to be present at the opening of 61. BtépliMi'» Cathe dral:-"On the arrival of the City of Brisbane at the v barn- at twenty minutes to 4 o'clock the Right Rev. Dr. T Quinn went on board, accompanied by the Very Rev. Dr. ¡Canuind several influential Catholics, including the Hon E. O'D. McDevitt (Attorney-General), Mr T. H. Fitz Gerald, McLEAN., Dr. O'Doherty, Jl.Mw)donaoll,&c.; Pr p (Quinn expressed his thanks to the Archbishop and his, , feliot».prelates for their attendance, and bade them hearty welcome to his life., After several introductions the party then left the vessel the Bishops entering carriages provided, for them. Meantime a procession had been, formed in Eagle-street, headed by the children of the various Roman Catholic school!-, who made an exceedingly creditable display, The various distinguishing, banners hung over - pretty and pleasing. The procession Want. marshalled throughout by Mr. James Hayes, to whose energy during, the occasion the success and order of the proceedings were greatly due. First came the children (girls) of St , Joseph's. South Brisbane, to the number of 120, all dressed in white, and weannghlue sashes. St. rstrink's-dUun guished by green sashes. followed, numbering about 250, and these were succeeded by those, of St. Stephen's (250) withmiigenhi.coiQured8aBlie«, About twenty of the girls attending the Convent school, dressed all in blue the Blessed Virgin's colour, as it is called by Catholic cause next, and the children's procession was closed by the boys of the Boundary-street non-vested school,, whose long army must have passed 250. The Hibernian band, ful lowed: nnxMho bishops, and then an immense nondescript crowd. The procession proceeded nEagle and queen streets which were lined with people down Edward- street and Elizabeth-street to the pro-CathedraL, every seized it in stage- about which had been taken possession of. The church itself was soOn tilled for the benediction service, which was conducted by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Brisbane, assisted by thirsty Boy Dr. Command Fathers O'Reilly and Healy. Before the benediction commenced the Hibernian band, which was stationed outside the church"; (struck up Bnjor's grand march, otherwise known as The Pope's March.' The service concluded, the procession again formed, and marched down Elizabeth and ub Wharf streets, the crowd being at this time so great as to impede the traffic for some time. Onroachlng Leicahiirdl-Btrcet the procession turned to the 'right, i and drew up in front of the temporary residence of,tho.bKhops, where loud and continued, cheering was given for their lordships. When entering the late Archbishop Vaughan gives the assemblage his benediction, and so closed the full day of the proceedings in connection with' the opening of St. Stephen's Cathedral." VICTORIA T*iRATBE.-~Mr. and Mrs. Bates are sustaining their popularity by the excellence of their dohnoiitUn. Their latest success has been in the "foot \- room "-a play which will be remembered as one, of letter ton b, favourites. He first introduced it in the colonies I stage; and since his time the star characters of Jew and Salem Scudder has not been so well portrayed as they were on Saturday and last 'night.'.' ' ' .?'.'..' So am ii, Newton, and Lamb beg to call attention to their rib I,)- auction, this day, at 11 o'clock, of fancy goods, inoludlniro»r post bags, RUBS, toys, driving seat,, dressing glasses, marli.e sh all well try, oleographs, SA., to -Amy. 