, THU COMIC GOSPEL. * i (From the Saturday licvicw.J ; Jr appears that for some months past much excitc ; ment lias huon produced in Edinburgh and other i towns in Scotland hy the singular exercises of a couple of itinerant Americans-Mr. Moody und Mr. Sankoy. For a very long time no entertainment has been so popular in Edinburgh as that which goes by the nama of theso gentlemen, lt is at- tended by overflowing audiences. Crowds of enthusiasts follow tho performers from one placo to another, for it is part of their system to have as much varioty ns possible, and to hold their meet- ings in all sorts of different buildings, in town halls, lecture-rooms, and churches of ull denomina- tions. Tho meetings uro held at nil hours of tho day, and some aro for young mon, some for mothers, some for fathers, others for young women, clerks, students, or little children. Curiosity is stimulated by Inigo placards on the walls, and several periodicals command a largo salo hy describing tho perform- ances. Tho nature of tho exhibition is stated in tho following announcement: "At (i.'JO p.m.. Mr. Moody will preach the Gospel, and Mr. Sankey will sing the Gospel." Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey are Americans, from Chicago; nnd we learn from one of their organs that their visit to Scotland was prompted hy a feeling that tho churches tliero stood "specially in need of tho npplicatiou of those brisker, livolier.ruoro direct modes of appeal which aro characteristic of America." Mr. Moody, we are further told, is "not a man of much edu- cation or culturo ; his manner is abrupt and blunt; his speech bristles with Americanisms; his voice ¡ is sharp, rapid, and colloquial." Hp is remark- able for his wuut of sanctimoniousness; and "a play of humour spurts out sometimes in his most serious addresses." He interlards hie lectures with droll or wonderful stories, or, ns tho writer puts it, " he has in his possession a largo number of incidents and experiences well fitted to throw light on tho points he employs them to elucidate, and to clinch tho appeals which ho uses -them to enforce." In the intervals of Mr. Moody's lectures, .Mr. Sankey sings hymns. " Abhorring the notion of providing a musical entertainment merely to please those who aro not in the Kingdom of God," lie seeks to move " by truth expressed in the most winning tones." It is also "in subservience to spiritual ends that Mr. Sankey usc3 tho harmo- nium." Stinker's " Sacred Solos" uro cold hy the thousand; and his example nnd exhortations are also said to have given a groat impulse to the trndo in harmoniums. . The sort of entertainment which is thus presented may be gathered from the descriptions given by persons who profess to have enjoyed it. "We we haring avery good time just now," writes one; " old > Formality has got Ina neck hrokon." " (hi Friday night," says another, " after Mr. Moody's solemn' word, thero scorned to bo a groat smashing up of souls." Tho audience is alternately moved to laughter nnd tears. Tho Gosjjol is preached, not only with tho pronunciation, but in the dialect of Chicago ; and the result is no'doubt something very différent from that to which Scotch congrega- tions uro accustomed. Jokes, slang, stories, and sensational exclamations aro freely interspersed. Mr. Moody's rtrange accents nnd "spurts of humour" work up tho people into a state of ex- citement in which it is as easy to cry ns laugh. A parable translated in;o the language of Art mus Ward, and enlivened by touches of Yankee wit, is a novel sensation, and tho effect is enhanced hy a sudden change to startling threats of damnation, and appeals to como and ho saved. Then comos Sun key's lively solo, sung in a very good stylo to a melody that might pass for secular in a worldly concert room but for the words. People who gb only to he amused, as most of tho audience go, aro provided with a curious and racy entcrtninruunt, quite as good in its way us tho Christy Minstrels. Others of an impressible temperament ure thrown into moro or less violent paroxysms of hysterical Biuotion. Those who aro acquainted with the his- tory of ravivais will recognise in thc agitation which has been carried on in Edinburgh and else- where a repetition, in a slightly modified foim, of the ordinary'typo of theso disorders. Thero aro different mothods of getting intoxicated, and thia is ono of them. Nothing is easier than for a skilled and daring oxpert in revivalism to work upon tho nerves and feelings of weak, susceptible persons, so ns to throw tho blood to tho head, and bring on nil the symptoms of vio- lent .excitement. Ono of .Mr. Moody's disciplss has designated him the " Lightning Minister of tho Lightning City," and there can he no doubf. that his performance is of a very rousing kind. Iii common revivals mere shouting and shrieking answer the purpose of the operators, but Mr. Moody's oxercis.es aro of a moro artistic quality. Friends of tho movement, mingled with the audience, also lent their aid. They pounce upon any ono who seems to he moved, und pour in their exhortations ; and there aro also privnto rooms to which cases of distress arc convoyed. "About forty," says ono account, "confessed that they wero new converts,.and about forty stood up ns anxious to bo saved, and were asked to go to tho other side of tho hall, where they wore conversed with." A servant-girl is doseribod as weeping like an inundation. Tho "workers" in attendance on her lind to keep her constantly sup- plied with n chango of fresh pocket-hand- kerchiefs and dry hymn books. Another time Mr. Moody called upon seven gentlemen on tho platform to toll the company how they wore saved. " Most of them wore well-known men, a minister, a colonel in tho anny, a merchant, a ! sheriff, a doctor, a nobleman, ami a captain in tho j navy. The eil'ect was marvellous." Prayers wero offered up for an " uncle who is nu infidel,"' for " a family, . tho father an avowed infidel, and tho mother and children unconverted," for "a clergy- man of the Church of Ireland who is imbued with nationalistic errors." At. ono of tho meetings tho experiences of a young lady wero given as part of the entertainment. "For nu hoiir shosatintho greatest agony ; her hands wero clasped, her uyc ballo looked as if they would start from their sockets." Even children aro worked upon little children of eight or nine-with all tho terrifying formula of tho Revivalist school. A little boy illustrated his faith by remarking that, if Ilia sister recoivod an offer of murringo from a very rich man who had promisod ¿he should live'in a fine mansion, would sho not be very foolish to refuse such nn offer. At ono meeting we are told of " a dear little boy, about nine years of age, nt most ten, who was crying as if his little heart would break," whilo a "kindly father-like man" was torturing the poorcliild with things too deon for him to understand. Wo rend of a book' which was sent to another child con- taining three leaves-ono white, tho next blood' red, and the third whit9, indicating salvation. ".You can't have < too much blood," is Moody's motto.;' -f .'.'?lt is said to be too soon to cati mato tho results of'i the agitation which has boen carried on by thesis expedients; but it. is not very difficult to anticipate what/judging from former experience,. they lire' likely to bo. It is impos- sible to imagino auything -moro unwhole- some , And . debilitating than tito sort of, morbid ..excitement »nd hysterical rapt lire' ?which is thus cultivated ; and in other cases' tho consoquoneó lias invariably boen a reaction of a '.deplorable kind. In tlio country districts of Scot- land revivals have, usually left their mark in an inwuivfii of drunkenness and a scandalous addition to the Registrar-General's statistics of illegitimacy. In; Edinburgh the heat and frenzy have .probably boen'JUPP intense than might be supposed from the fXtrayiignñt language bf tho.organs of tho move- ment. : It c:in readily bo tintlorstoo^ that, as one Of theeu pfvpers'says, " hundreds of young persons who 'wore formerly accustomed to goto tho thontro, ópera, nhd pantomime, gavo up deliberately, and frq'm choico iujd.the force of conviction attended tho prayer iacotings i" but. tho expjanatldn in ii gre'it' ninny bases ls, no doubt, that tho prayor mootings Wore found to bo moro amusing .and stimulating. . Ono ofi M r. Moody's most " screaming hit?" as Ibby say in tho play-bills, ls a mock ropre pons.ition of a coiu't of law for the irial of Jesus .Christ, [Io asks tho congregation to .consider itsolf a court of inquiry, awl nominales ono of tho lulnistciH present to bo usher and to call in the witnesses, who nro then examined with Yankee freodom and jocularity by Mr. Moody. Pilate's wife is, called Mrs, Pilate, and muong, tho other witnesses uro tho Apostles, tho angels, mid the Deity.' This tw t oj' roaring fun goos beyond any- thing; on tho stago. It is hard to say whether tho treatment of reiJgidn in this manner does most karra by bringing sacred things into ridiculo, by afflicting sotnof coblo minds with idle agony, or by overbalancing'others with tho intlation of soli righteous arrogance and conceit. There is not the faintest trace of educated intelligence or spiritual elevation in Mr. Moody's harangues. They aro a mero gabble of texts, interspersed with grotescpiu or sensational anecdotes, and spiced ' % with vulgar American slang. Tho most extraor- dinary feature of tho agitation is that it should bo connived at and patronised by the clergy of Edin- burgh and other towns, it is obvious that if Moody and Sankoy are right in their mode o£ preaching the Gospel, audit' the success of theso performances ia really a." great awakening" and tile " power of the Holy Ghost in Scotland," tho ordinary services of religion must bo a meloncholy farce. Everybody who has been in Scotland must have been struck with tho severo enduranco and \ fortitudo with which a Scotch congregation sits out, not only a long and dreary sermon, but a scries of [prayers which are tho worst sort of ser- mons in disguise ; aiid it is not surprising that the Scutch laity should bo thankful for a little relaxation. But that the ministers themselves should come forward in thia manner to proclaim publicly that their whole system is a failure and waste of time is really strange. It must bo still more wonderful if, in supporting and recommending Messrs. Moody and Sankoy, they do not seo that they aro condemning themselves. Either a great awakening is good for their Hocks, or it ÍB not; if it is, why do they not tako mea- sures to bring it about on their own account ? The only justification which is offered for tho eccentri- cities and buffooneries of tho Yankee propaganda 1 is simply that the end justifies tho means, and . that tho great thing is to produco nn impression on the public mind, no matter how. It would *. '. appear, therefore, that sermons had better be abandoned for singing and story-telling, and there is no logical reason why the reform should stop hero. Tho banjo and the bones might bo sub- stituted for the harmonium, and Mr. Sankoy'a solos might be occasionally varied by a little dancing. The ? Fantee, Flipping Fandango would bo an appropriate accompaniment to Mr. Moody's " spurts of, humour" and select anecdotes. If it is . to be understood that it is the business of Christian churches 'to compete, as tho Hr ¡tish Hvantjetist holds, with." tho theatro, opera, and pantomime," why is the competition loft to these American gentlemenP It is stated that Messrs.Moody and ankey may shortly bo expected in London ; but they will perhaps discover that their line of . business luis already been pretty well worked at tile Tabernacle and elsewhere. ' .. 