A IV lit for Spiritualists. (From the New York Times ) After a lapse of- twenty-four years, Rochester promises to beoome onoe more a oentre of attrac tion to investigators of spiritual phenomena In 1849 what is known as madern spiritualism may be said, to have had its ohief start in that, historic ci-y. The Fox Sisters, after having ' rai.«ed' the spirit of, a murdered pedlar from the malarious atmosphere of a cellar at Hydesville, Arcadia township, Wayne county,. New Yotk, proceeded to Rochester, as they asserted, by spiritual advice, and opened public seances at Corinthian Hall. \ oommictee of respectable citizens was appointed to inquire aB to the nature of certain noises whioh were heard by the audience; and a report was rendered to the effeot tbat, although a thorough inquiry «hud been instituted, it had been found impossible io di - cover the source of tbe noises. This was accepted by thousands of persons at tbe time as proof positive that tbe spirits of the departed might, under favorable conditions, turn to earth and do unlimited table -'riming, ' stamping, 1 ' abd bell ringing. Tbe Foxes, having thus cunningly aoquired a reputation for wonderful ' tuediiiin sbip,' were enabled to visit tho principal cities .in the country, and to draw a considerable amount of gold ioto tbeir purses. A lew years tubse quently, mysterious noises were beard at a house in tbe vicinity ef Rochester, but tbey were soon forgottoh, the curiosity and astouishmont pro duced by tho Foxes elsewhero having proved the greater attraction. But now that the fame of these ' girls' has been so thoroughly eclipsed by other ' mediums,' the American spiritualists may find it profitable to make use' of some 'manifestations' which are sqid to be at present 'in full operation at tbe residence of Mrs Gascoigne, in tbe townsland of Chili, within a short distance of Corinthian Hall. We have it on the authority of the Rochester j Union, that Mrs Gasooigne, ' with her family, ooiibisting of herself, ber son, twelve yoars of I age, and several smaller children, have been driven to the very brink of despair by tlie nightly occurrcnce of the most terrible noises during many months.' Some years ago it appeats that tho mysteriotiB mansion at Chili btcame the property of a person, v ' ihe initial nl whose nan.e has only been published . by (be Union. He mado it bis residence, and, for a roajon wbicb has nnt been explained, took Mrs Gasooigne into his sorviee is housekeeper. In this capsoity she continued down to about five or sih months ago, wben Mr A. died, leaving her in possession of bis effects. Fur al few nights after this demise,' tho etillnesi of death reigned.' Scarcely an ontire week hud passed, however, when Mrs Gasooigne'o repose was disturbed by n the familiar footsteps' of the deceased. At first, she, of coarse, thought it was fanoy, and ' tried to compose hersolf to sleep, but it was j ho use, ' She distinctly heard Ihe creaking of tho door of tbe room which bad formerly been | oocupied by A., and presently she was still further j alarujcd by' the bed-slats, which seemed to yield j to tbe pressure of a human body. Then she I beard what seemed to ber like sounds tbat would ' be produoed by a person eni!««ed in tbe act of puttiog on tight boot*. As soon as the last stamp was given to tbs floor a noiso was made aa if somebody was ascending the stairs. Ou the following night the manifestations were more varied. Tbs ohairs and tables in the parlour were tossed about rather freoly, and at certain intervals 'a single whistle, of- an apparently human voice, shrill and distinot,' wag heard by every person in tbo house. Mrs, Gasooiune adds, night aftor night a little dog tbBt had belonged to the deorased responds to tbe whistle in tbe mo' eager manner, but never, gives evidences of teeing anything. To these singular pranks, doubtless lest tbey should become monotonous, tbe ' ghost' very often adds the more exciting ono of snatching tbe bed coveriog, with ligbtnlbg quiokuess, from the almost paialyzed budy of the twelve-year-old Gasooigne. Four men, neighbors of the GaBcoignes, it scorns, have repeatedly undertaken to boIvu the mystery. One ot the number states positively tbat a form,' which, in every respect resembled Mr A. in the flesh, on one ccoasioo passed before him as be lay upon a louMge Ho immediately jumpod up, and hud just be^un to propound a number of questions! when ' the speo re, if such it were, soon dis appeared.' Mrs G iscoign* remains in the house by the advice of counsel, for tbe purpose of making good her claim to it in law. Otherwise, she declares she would prefer to gather, ber c'tildren itrouqd ber, aud take shelter in a barn. Surrly facts like these cannot be allowed to go Uninvestigated. The podlar's depressed spirit in the Arcadian cellar, as matetial f. r an ' excite ment,' was aa nJtbiog competed with tbe whistles, olotliet-sna'ohingp. and booi-pnllings o/ this Chili ghost. The oppor'uuity afforded for a revival at Rochester of the scenes of 1849 is. decidedly templing, and we shall be very moob surprisod if it is not tiken advantage of. More over, it would be doing a kindly servioo to a much-affl otod family to relieve it cf tbe presence of oue of tbe most trvtne ot anHovnnces. 