TO HIS GRACE THE ROMAN CATHOLIC ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN. ( Per favour of the Protestant Standard.) Mav it i'lkask Youn Ge.aoe, — A great flourish of trumxiets has filled tho valleys and re-echoed "the glories of Rome," rising as it were even to the ancient alkars of Mount Hermon, and the sum given by your devotees is thus—" If one soul be more xirecious (to you, of course) than the diamonds of her Christian Majesty the fVJiibU to UltU WUAbll Ul OtA. Ul SUVdl UUll- dred children per annum for fifteen years?" Your grace, no doubt, saw the compound diffi culty of the question, for all may not even live to be " milkers," but the sight pleased, and you rcxflied, ' ' Things should be sought after accord ing to their rmative worth." Quite true, the soul before matter ; " this xn'incixfle when acted on builds up the Church of Christ." Now, sir, is it not .a thing that can be easily predicted (from Romish tactics) that ninety xjor cent, of these hundreds of innocents will never be made acquainted with the excrescences th.at h.ave emanated from the anti-Christian bishopric of Rome — from the days of the C(iuncil of Trent to the xn'csciit ; their little heads will never know the difference between St. Stephen falling "asleep" on the one x>art, and the .Son that " was dead .and is alive again;" or "lot the de.ad bury their dead,'" or the " dead in Christ," or "whoso sins ye retain," &c.;, .and the "holy and wholesome thought to iiray for the dead." " Pray for them them that persecute you," will be taught them, I know, but the Y.atican alters this teaching to extcrmin.ation when "heretics" s'op the icai/. To raise an ad valorem duty a limbo or purgatory is introduced — a frying-p.aii between the flesh .and the eternal flames of hell ; tlie "l.ambs " arc m.ade aware of this, in .Jesuit ical xarlance they arc informed — "it is a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead that they m.ay he loosed from their sins (in this world ? No such thing ; in the frying-xian, ' my children ') and whose sins ye retain," and so forth, has afar deeper meaning than "shaking the dust from your feet," &c.; Tho "lambs" .are informed that vast numbers of souls have merely escaped hell, and " these poor souls are in great torments," " and may so rem.ain to the judgment day." Oh, what a terrible thing ! 8.ay the dupes to burn pcrh.aps for thousands of years ! Is there no way of getting them out ? Here the teacher p.auses. The innocent dupes are not told th.at He who said, " I am the door, and no man entereth but by me," .also taught us to be neighbourly by the parable of the Good Saimudtan, and calls us " without xnice,"' and saying, "though your sins be as red as sc.arlet they shall be made white as wool." Will the teacher there and then tell his novice that mother church — in plain parlance — is a blood sucker aud a mammon-sucker, and that through the tender mercies of Poxiery the no pan no cure Xirocess is perenqitory ; no, the diixie must be well numbed, and then, as a gener.al rule, "as the twig is bent the tree incTineth" — they are fit to sw.allow any doctrine, and at// Popery to get their relatives out of that Papal hell — the fryiny-pau! to play any game, from a Don Carlos to a br.avo sh.aring the xdundcr witli holy mother church! And out of the well-knit meshes of Popery no soul can escape, e.xcept by the merciful guidance of the Holy Ghost, for ignorance is the curse, "knowledge the wing wherewith we fly to heaven." In "rendering unto Ciesar," &c.; I now ask YourGiace that momentous question that should sink deep into the soul and mind of every would-be Christian : — Will you dare utter such blasphemy against our Lord and Saviour .as to tell the world publiclif that He when on earth xn'aeticed such disrexni- t.able aud unfeeling practices as le.aving thou sands of souls in a burning limbo or xmrg.atoiw, standing at its gate taking money from the living as a ransom for the souls of their dead rel.atives ? Oh cursed Popery, are you not worse than the heathen priests of "Moloch" or Ba.al? (their nnadness and meanness terminated with the human sficrifice.) These are those adulterating tares x'l'edicted by the .Son ot God, "to come whilst men slept." .V'erily thou hast spread thyself over tho Lord's vineyard, aud iu all thy bishoxirics the "itching palm" and the disturber are iu unison ; thy faith and thy pedlery are con cealed from the illiterate in such words as the foUowing — " the purest form of Christian civi lisation V' " Man m.ay not reverse the divine order with impunity, and the day will come when statesmen as well as will be forced by the logic of necessity to acknowledge the errors they have made and to return to that sublime first princixdc which w.as uttered by the .lips of a Master whom the.v declare to be divine." Just so ; their faith and your faith c.an be shown by wor/cs. And with all proper respect, I remain, Your Grace, Ax Humble Coxveux to Cumstiaxity. January 3rd, 1874. An admirable bust of his Excellency Sir Her cules Robinson has been modelled by Signer Simonetti. It is now to be transferred to Xilastor, .and finay produced in marble, by the hand, of course, of the modeller. We under stand that his Excellency's family are much pleased with it. 