MORE CURIOUS WILLS. (From the Illustrated London News.) . The following bizarre testamentary document penned by an Earl of Pembroke who lived during the political turmoils of thec seventeenth century, testifies to a singular shrewdness and knowledge of character, and is expressed with a considerable amount of dry humour. The copy from which this is taken bears the signa ture of the keeper of these records, Nathaniel Brind, beneath the words "Concordat oum originali " : — "I, Philip V., Earl of Pembroke and Mont gomery, beiug, as I am assured, of unsound health, but of sound memory, as I well re member me that five years ago I did my vote for the dispatching of old Canterbury, neither have I forgotten that I did see my King upon the scaffold, yet, as it is said that death doth even now pursue me, and, moreover, as it is yet further said that it is my practice to yield under coercion, I do now make my last will and testament. " Imprimis : As for my soul, I do confess I have often heard men speak of the soul, but what may be- these same sonls, or what their destination, God knoweth ; for myself, I know not. Men have likewise talked to me of another world which I have never visited, nor do I even know an inch of the ground that leadetli thereto. Whon the King was reigning I did mako my son wear a surplice, being desirous that he should become a Bishop, and for myself I did follow the religion of my master ; then came the Scotch, who made me a Prosbyterian, bat since the time of Cromwell I have become an Independent. These are, mothinks, tho throe principal religions of the kingdom. If any one of the three can save a soul, to that I claim to belong. If, therefore, " my exeoators can find my soul, I desire they will return it to him who gave it to me. "Item : I give my body, for it is plain I cannot keep it, as you see tho chi'rurgeons are tearing it in pieces. Bury me, therefore. I hold lands and churches enough for that. Abovo all, put not my body beneath tho church porch, for I am, after all, a man of birth, and I would not that I should bo interred there, where Colonel Pride was born. "Item : I will have no monamont, for then . I must noods have au opitapb, and versos over my carcass — during my life I have had enough of those. "Item: I desire that my dogs may bo shared among all the members of tho Council of State. With regard to them, I have been all things to all men — sometimes wont I with the Peers, sometimes with tbe Commons. I hope, therefore, they will not suffer my poor curs to want. " Item : I give my two best saddle-horses to tho Earl of Denbigh, whoso legs, mothinks, must soon begin to fail him. As regard my other horses, I bequeath them - to Lord Fair fax, that when Cromwell aud his council take away bis commission ho may still have some horse to command. "Item: I give all my wild boasts to tho Earl of Salisbury, being very sure that he will preserve them, seeing that ho refused the King a doe out of his park. "Item: "I bequeath my Chaplains to tlio Earl of Stamford, seeing he has never had' otie in his employ ; having never known any other than his son, my Lord Grey, who, being at the same time spiritual . and carnal, will engonder more than one monster. " Ttein : I give nothing to my Lord Sayo ; and I do make him this legacy willingly, be cause E know that he will faithfully distribute it unto tho poor. " Item : Seeing that I did menace a certain Henry Mildmay, but did not thrash him, I do leave the sum of fifty pounds sterling to tho lacquey that shall pay unto him my debt. " Item : I bequeath to Thomas May, whose uoso I did break, at a mascavade, five shillings. My intention had been to givo more ; but all who shall havo seen his history of tho Parlia ment will consider thateventhissuin istoo large. " Item : I should have given to the author of the libel on women, entitled " News of tho Exchange," threcjience, to invent a yet more" scurrilous mode of maligning ; but, seeing- that lie iusulteth and slaudereth I know not how many honest persons, I commit the office of paying liitn to the same lacquey who under- takotli the arrears of Henry Mildmay ; he will teach him to distinguish between honourable women and disreputable. " Item : I give to the Lieutenant- General Cromwell one of my -words, the which he must want, seeing that ho liath never kept any of his own. " Item : I give to the wealthy citizens of London, and likowiso to tho Presbyterians and the nobility, notice to look to thoir skins ; for, by order of the State, the garrison of "White hall lias provided itself with poniards, and useth dark-lanterns in the place of candles.- "Item : I givo up the ghost." 