THE SECOND NARRATIVE. THE OSTLER'S STORY. TOLD BY HIMSELF. CHAPTER IV. It is now ten years ago since I got my first warning of the great trouble of my life in the Vision of a Dream. I shall be better able to tell you about it if you will please suppose yourselves to be drinking tea along with us in our little cottage in Cam bridgeshire, ten years since. The time was the close of day; and there were three of us at the table—namely, my mother; myself ; and my mother's sister, Mrs. Chance. These two were Scotchwomen by birth; and both were widows. There was no other re semblance between them that I can call to mind. My mother had lived all her life in England, and had no more of the Scotch brogue in her tongue than I have. My aunt Chance had never been out of Scotland until Bhe came to keep house with my mother, after her husband's death. And when she opened her lips you heard broad Scotch, I can tell you, if ever you heard it yet! As it fell out, there was a matter of some con sequence in debate among ua that evening. It was this : whether I should do well or not to take a long journey on foot the next morning. Now the next morning happened to be the day before my birthday ; and the purpose ol my journey waa to offer myself for a situation as groom at a great house in the neighboring county to ours. The place was reported as likely to fall vacant in about three weeks' time. I was as well fitted to fill it as any other man. In the prosperous days of our family, my father had been manager of a training stable ; and he had kept me employed among the horses from my boyhood upward. Please to excuse my troubling you with these ama'l matters. They all fit into my story farther on, as you will soon find out My poor mother was dead against my leaving home on the morrow. " Tou can never walk all the way there and all the way back again by to-morrow night," she says. " The end of it will be that you will sleep away from home on your birthday. You have never done that yet, Francis, since your father's death. I don't like your doing it now. Wait a day longer my son—only one day." For my own part, I was weary of being idle ; and I couldn't abide the notion of delay. Even one night might make all the difference. Some other man might take time by the forelock and get the place. " Consider how long I have been out of work," I says, " and don't ask me to put off the journey. I won't fail you, mother. I'll get back by to morrow night, if I have to pay my last sixpence for a lift in a cart" "My mother shook her head. " I don't like it, Francis—l don't like it!" There was no moving her from that view. We argued and argued, until we were both at a dead lock. It ended in our agreeing to refer the difference between us to my mother's sister, Mrs. Chance. While we were trying hard to convince each other, my aunt Chance sat as dumb as a fish, stirring her tea and thinking her own thoughts. When we made our appeal to her, she seemed, as it were, to wake up. "Ye baith refer to my puir judgment <" she says, in her broad Scotch. We both answered Yes. Upon that, my aunt Chance first cleared the tea-table, and then pulled out from the pocket of her gown a pack of cards. Don't run away, if you please, with the notion that this was done lightly, with a view to amuse my mother and me. My aunt Chance seriously believed that she could look into the future by telling fortunes on the cards. She did nothing herself without first consulting the cards ; and she could give no more serious proof of her interest in my welfare than the proof which she was offering now. I don't say it profanely—l only mention the act—the cards had, in some incomprehensible way, got themselves jumbled up together with her religious convictions. You meet with people now- a-days, who believe in spirits working by way of tables and chairs. On the aame principle (if there is any principle in it) my aunt Chance believed in Providence working by the way of the cards. " Whether you are right, Francis, or your mither—whether ye will do weel or ill, the mor row, to go or stay—the cairds will tell it We are a' in the hands of Providence. The cairds will tell it." Hearing this, my mother turned her head aside with something of a sour look in her face. Her sister's notions about the cards were little better than flat blasphemy, to her mind. But Bhe kept her opinion to herself. My aunt Chance, to own the truth, had inherited, through her late husband, a pension of thirty pounds a year. Thia was an important contribution to our house keeping—and we poor relations were bound to treat her with a certain respect Aa for myself, if my poor father never did anything else for me before he fell into difficulties, he gave me a good education, aud raised me (thank God) above superstitions of all sorts. However, a very little amused me in those days ; and I waited to have my fortune told, as patiently as if I believed in it too. My aunt began her hocus-pocus by throwing out all the cards in the pack under seven. She shuffled the rest, with her left hand, for luck ; and then Bhe gave them to me to cut " Wi' yer left hand, Francie. Mind that ! Pet yer trust in Proavidence ; but dinna forget that yer luck's in yer left hand !" A long and round about shifting of the cards followed, reducing them in number until there were just fifteen of them left, laid out before my aunt in a half circle. The card which happened to he outer most, at the right-hand end of the circle, waa, according to rule in such cases, the card chosen to represent me. By way of being appropriate to my situation as a poor groom out of work, the card was—the King of Diamonds. " I tak' up the King o' Diamante," says my aunt I count seven cairds frae rich to left; and I humbly ask a blessing on what followa." My aunt shut her eyes as if she was saying grace before meat, and held up to me the seventh card. I called the seventh card—the Queen of Spades. My aunt opened her eyes again in a hurry, and cast a aly look my way. '- The Queen o' Spades meaus a dairk woman. Ye'll be thinking, in secret, Francie, <>f a dairk woman ?" When a man has been out of place for more than three months, his mind isn't troubled much with thinking of women—light or dark. I was thinking of the groom's place at the great house; and I tried to say so. My aunt Chance wouldn't listen. She treated my interruption with contempt " Hoot-toot!" there's the caird in your hand. If ye're no thinking of her to-day, ye'll be thinking of her to-morrow. Where's the harm of thinking of a dairk woman! I waa ance a dairk woman myself, before my hair turned gray. Haud yer peace. Francie—and watch the cairds." I watched the cards as I waa told. There were seven left on the table. My aunt removed two from one end of the row, and two from the other, and desired me to call the two uppermost of the three cards now left on the table. I called \- Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. the Aoe of Clubs and the Ten of Diamonds. My aunt Chance lifted her eyes to the ceiling with a look of devout gratitude which sorely tried my mother's patience. The Aoe of Clubs and the Ten of Diamonds, taken together, signified— first, good news (evidently the news of the groom's place!); secondly, a journey that lay before me (pointing plainly to my journey to morrow !); thirdly and lastly, a sum of money (probably the groom's wages !) waiting to find its way into my pockets. Having told my for | tune in these encouraging terms, my aunt declined to carry the experiment any further. " Eh, lad ' it's a clean tempting of Proavidence to ask mair o* the cairds then the cairds have tauld us noo. Gae yer ways to-morrow to the great hoose. A dairk woman will meet ye at the gate, and she'll have a hand in getting ye the groom's place, wi' a' the gratifications and pair quisites appertaining to the same. And, mebbe, when yer poaket's full o' money, yell be for gettin yer aunt Chance, maintainiug her am un blemished widowhood—wi' Proavidence asistin' —on thratty punds a year !" I promised to remember my aunt Chance (who had the defect by the way, of being a terribly greedy person after money) on the next happy occasion when my poor empty pockets were to be filled at last This done, I looked at my mother. She had agreed to take her sister for umpire be* ween us—and her sister had given it in my favor. She raised no more objections. Silently she got on her feet, and kissed me, and sighed bitterly—and so left the room. My aunt Chance shook her head. " I doubt, Francie, yer puir mither has but a heathen notion of the vairtue of the cairds!" By daylight the next morning I set forth on my journey. I looked back at the cottage as I opened the garden gate. At one window was my mother, with her handkerchief to her eyes. At the other stood my aunt Chance, holding up the Queen of Spades by way of encouraging me at starting. I waved my hand to both of them in token of farewell, and stepped out briskly into the road. It was then the hut day of February. Be pleased to remember, in connection with this, that the first of March was the day, and two o'clock in the morning the hour of my birth. Chapter V. Now you know how I came to leave home. The next thing to tell is what happened on the journey. I reached the great house in reasonably good time, considering the distance. At the very first trial of it, the prophecy of the cards turned out to be wrong. The person who met me at the lodge gate waa not a dark woman -in fact, not a woman at all—but a boy. He directed me on the way to the servants' offices ; and there again the cards were wrong. I encountered not one woman, but three —and not one of the three waa dark. I have stated that lam not superstitious, and I have told the truth. But I must own that I did feel a certain fluttering at the heart when I made my bow to the steward, and told him what business had brought me to the house. His answer completed the discomfiture of aunt Chance's fortune-telling. My ill- luck still pursued me. That very morning another man applied for the groom's place, and had got it. I swallowed my disappointment as well as I could—and thanked the steward—and went to the inn in the village to get the rest and food which I sorely needed by this time. Before starting on my homeward walk, I made some enquiries at the inn, and found out that I might save a few miles on my return by follow ing a new road. Furnished with full instruc tions, several times repeated, as to the various turnings I was to take, I set forth and walked on till the evening with only one stoppage for bread and cheese. Just as it was getting towards dark, the rain came on and the wind began to rise ; and I found myself, to make matters worse, in a part of the country with which I was en tirely unacquainted, though I guessed myself to be some fifteen miles from home. The first house I found to enquire at was a lonely road side inn, standing on the outskirts of a thick wood. Solitary as the place looked, it was wel come to a lost man, who was also hungry, thirsty, footsore and wet The landlord was civil and respectable-looking ; and the price he asked for a bed was reasonable enough. I was grieved to disappoint my mother ; but there was no conveyance to be had, and I could go no further afoot that night My weariness fairly forced me to stop at the inn. I may say for myself that lam a temperate man. My supper simply consisted of some rashers of bacon, a slice of home made bread, and a pint of ale. I did not go to bed immediately after this moderate meal, but sat up with the landlord, talking about my bad prospects and my long run of ill-luck, and diverging from these topics to the subjects of horse-flesh and racing. Nothing was said either by myself, my host, or the few laborers who strayed into the tap room, which could in the slightest degree excite my mind, or set my fancy—which is only a small fancy at the best of times -playing tricks with my common-sense. At a little after eleven the house was closed. I went round with the landlord and held candle while the doors and lower window* were being secured. I noticed with surprise the strength of the bolts, bars, and iron sheathed shutters. " You Bee, we are rather lonely here," says the landlord. "We never have had any attempts made to break in yet, but it's always as well to be on the safe side. When nobody is sleeping here, lam the only man in the house. My wife and daughter are timid, and the servant girl takes after her missussea. Another glastj of ale before you turn in ?—No !—Well, how such a sober man as you cornea to be out of' place is more than I can understand for one. Here's where you're to sleep. You're the only lodger to-night, and I think you'll say my missus has done her best to make you comfortable. You're quite sure you won't have another glass of ale l. —very well Good night." It was half-past eleven by the clock in the passage as we went upstairs to the bed-room. The window looked out on the wood at the back of the house. I locked my door, Bet my candle on the chest of drawers, and wearily got me ready for bed. The bleak wind was still blowing, and the solemn surging moan of it in the wood was very dreary to hear through the night silence. I felt strangely wakefuL I resolved to keep the candle alight until I began to grow sleepy. The truth is, I was not quite myself. I was depressed in mine, by my disappointment of the morning ; and I was worn out in the body by my long walk. Between the two, I own I couldn't face the prospect of laying awake in the darkness, listening to the dismal moan of the wind in the wood. Sleep stole on me before I was aware of it; my eyes closed, and I fell off to rest, without having so much as thought of extinguishing the candle. The next thing that I remember was a faint shivering that ran through me from head to foot, and a dreadful sinking pain at my heart, such as I had never felt before. The shivering only disturbed my slumbers ; the pain woke me in stantly. In one moment I passed from a btite of sleep to a etate of wakefulness—my eyes wide open—my mind clear on a sudden as if by a miracle. The candle had burned down nearly to the last morsel of tallow, but the unsnuffed wick had just fallen off, and the light was, for the moment, fair, and fulL Between the foot of the bed and the closed door, I saw a person in my room. The person was a woman, standing looking at me with a knife in her hand. It does no credit to my courage to confess it —but the truth L* the truth. I was struck speechless with terror. There I lay with my eyes on the woman ; there the woman stood (with the knife in her hand) with her eyes on me. She said not a word as we stared each other in the face ; but she moved a little —moved slowly towards the left-hand side of the btd. . The light fell full on her face. A fair tine woman, with yellowish flaxen hair, and light gray eyes, with a droop in the left eyelid. I noticed these things and fixed them in my mind, before she was quite round at the aide of the bed. Without saying a word ; without any change in the stony stillness of her face ; with out any noise following her footfall, she came closer and closer ; stopped at the bed-head, and lifted the knife to stab me. I laid my arm over my throat to save it; but, as I saw the blow coming, I threw my hand ucrom the bed to the right side, and jerked my L^ly over that way, just as the knife came down like lightning on the mattress, within a hairsbieadtb. of my shoulder. My eyes fixed on her arm and her hand—she gave me time to look at them as she slowly drew her knife out of the bed, A white well- shaped arm, with s pretty down lying lightly over the fair akin. A delicate lady's hand, with a pink flush round the finger-nails. She drew the knife out, and passed back again slowly to the foot of the bed ; she stopped there for a moment looking at me; then she came on without saying a word ; without any change in the stony stillness of her face ; without any noise following her footfall—came on to the Bide of the bed where I now lay. Getting near me, she lifted the knife again, and I drew myself away to the left side. She 8* ruck as before, right into the matbess, with a swift downward action of her arm ; and she missed me as before by a hairsbreadth. This time my eyes wandered from her to the knife. It was like the large clasp knives which laboring men use to cut their bread and bacon with. Her delicate little fingers did not hide more than two-thirds of the handle ; I noticed that it was made of buckhorn, clean and shining as the blade was, and looking like new. For the second time she drew the knife out of the bed, and suddenly hid it away in the wide sleeve of her gown. That done, she stopped by the bedside, watching me. For an instant I saw her standing in that position—then the wick of the spent caudle fell over into the socket. The \ flame dwindled to a little blue point, and the ' room grew dark. ■ A moment, or less if possible, passed so—and then the wick flamed up, smokUy, for the last time. My eyes were still looking for her over j the right-side of the bed when the last flash of light came. Look as I might I could ccc nothing. The woman with the knife was gone. I began to get back to myself again. I could feel my heart beating; I could hear the woful moaning of the wind in the wood ; I could leap up in bed, and give the alarm before she escaped from the house. "Murder! Wake up there ! Murder!" Nobody answered to the alarm. I rose and groped my way through the darkness to the door of the room. By that way she must have got in. By that way she must have gone out. The door of the room was fast locked, ex actly as I had left it on going to bed ! I looked at the window. The window was fast locked too. For a moment I stood lost in amazement. Then, hearing a voice outside, I opened the door. There was the landlord coming towards me along the passage, with hia burning candle in one hand ani his gun in the other. " What is it ?" he says, looking at me in no very friendly way. I could only answer him in a whisper, " A woman, with a knife in her hand. In my room. A fair, yellow-haired woman. She jobbed at me with the knife, twice over." He lifted his candle, and looked at me steadily from head to foot. " She seems to have missed you twice over." " I dodged the knife as it came down. It struck the bed each time. Go in, and see." The landlord took his candle into the bedroom immediately. In less than a minute he came out again into the passage in a violent passion. " The devil fly away with you and your woman with the knife ! There isn't a mark in the bed clothes anywhere. What do you mean by com ing into a man's place and frightening hit family out of their wite by a dream .<" A dream ? The woman who had tried to stab me, not a living human being like myself ? I began to shake and shiver. The horrors got hold of me at the bare thought of it. " I'll leave the house," I said. " Better out on the road in the rain and dark, than back again in that room, after what I've seen in it Lend me the light to get my clothes by, and tell me what I'm to pay." The landlord led the way back with his light into the bedroom. " Pay ?" says he. " You'll find yuur score on the slate when you go down stairs. I wouldn't have taken you in for all the money you've got about you, if I had known your dreaming,, screeching ways beforehand. Look at the bed. Where's the cut of a knife in it ? Look at the window—is the lock bunted ? Look at the door (which I heard you fasten yourself)—is it broken in ? A murdering woman with a knife in my house ! You ought to be ashamed of yourself." My eyes followed his hand as it pointed first to the bed, then to the window, then to the door. There was no gainsaying it. The bed sheet was as sound as on the day it was made. The window was fast. The door hung on its hinges as steady as ever. I huddled my clothes on without speaking. We went downstairs together. I looked at the clock in the bar room. The time was twenty minutes past 2 in the morning. I paid my bill; and the landlord let me out. The rain had ceased; but the night was dark, and the wind was bleaker than ever. Little did the darkness, or the cold, or the doubt about the way home matter to me. My mind was away from all these things. My mind was fixed on the vision in the bedroom. What had I seen trying to murder me ? The creature of a dream ? Or that other creature from that world beyond the grave, whom men call ghost ? I could make nothing of it as I walked along in the night. I had made nothing of it by midday—when I stood at last, after many times missing my road, on the doorstep of home. Chapter VL My mother came out alone to welcome me back. There were no secrets between us two. I told her all that happened—just as I have told it to you. She kept silence till I had done. And then she put a question to me. " What time was it, Francis, when you saw the woman in your dream ? I had looked at the clock when I left the inn, and had noticed that the hands pointed to twenty minutes past 2. Allowing for the time consumed in speaking to the landlord, and in getting on my clothes, I answered that I must have first seen the woman at 2 o'clock in the morning. In other words, I had not only seen her on my birthday, but at the hour of my birth. My mother still kept silence. Lost in her own thoughts, she took me by the hand, and led me into the parlor. Her writing deok was on the table by the fireplace. She opened it, and signed to me to take a chair by her side. " My son ! your memory is a bad one—and mine v fast failing me. Tell me again what the woman looked like. I want her to be an well known to both of us, years hence, as she is now." I ol^eyed; wondering what strange fancy might be working in her mind. I spoke; and she wrote the words as they fell from my lips :— " Light gray eyes, with a droop in the left eye lid. Flaxen hair, with a gold-yellow streak in it. White arms, with a down upon them. Little, lady's hands, with a rosy-red look about the finger-nails." " Did you notice how she was dressed, FrancU ." " No, mother." " Did you notice the knife ?" " Yes. A large clasp-knife, with a buck-horn handle as good as new." My mother added the description of the knife. Also, the year, month, day of the week, and hour of the day when the Dream-Woman appeared to me at the inn. That done, she locked up the pa]>cr in her desk. " Nut a wcrd, Francis, to your Aunt. Not a word to any living 6ouL Keep your dream a secret between you and me." The weeks passed, and the months passed. My mother never returned to the subject again. A* for rur, time, which wears out all things, wore out my remembrance of th*e dream. Little by little, the image of the woman grew dimmer and dimmer. Little by little, she faded out of my mind. It happened that Swift, having been dining at some little distance from Laraeor, hia residence, was returning home on horseback in the evening, which wi'j? pretty dark. Ju.st before he reached a neighboring village, his horse lust a t-hoe. Unwilling to run the risk of laming the animal by continuing hi* ride in that condition, he stopped at one Kelly's, the blacksmith of the village, where, having called the man, he tusked him if he could shoe a horse with a candle. " No," replied the son of Vulcan ; " but I can with a liauimer." A witty auctioneer was selling some valuable picture?, amongst which was a j wanting repre senting an old baronial residence, when a rather forward buyer pooh-i»oohed tbe picture, adding, " I ai»>iire you it is not a bit like the place." The auctioneer, with great presence of mind, replied, " Ah, sir, your opinion ia of very little consequence. I don't think you can have s«en thin view of it, as you entered by the back door, very likely." 