DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. The following is from the Sydney Morning Herald's summary of Euglish news brought by the Australasian and American mail steamer Tartar: — St. Petersburg, January 23.—The marriage ceremony of the Dnke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired; the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American Diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Chamberlains, and other officers of the Court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princess of WaleB, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly apparelled in' a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immenw procession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and Court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British -nniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel AU were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same &tyle.; The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favonrs. The procession, upon reaching the Btissian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden'salvers, were deposited on the altar temporarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson, and gold carpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair—Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said:—" Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read.- After the reading was concluded the marriage at Cana of Galilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice round the raised dais, holding to the tip of the Confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacramental cup vas brought forward, blessed, and partaken of by the bridal pair, the Confeqsor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang " Glory to Thee, O Lord 1" concluding with a benediction. " This ended the Greek Services. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnization of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surplice, with a jewelled collar of the Order of Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English colony were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister, and diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was the venerable Prince Gortschakoff, surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, "God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, bless, preserve, and keep you," was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly- married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced ; the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy—the image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel, the Empress of Russia being a confirmed invalid, seemed fatigued andovercome, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the~public squares took place, and the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and officers of , the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. 